v\/U/(jLs-L*&. C* W-i-nX A

Hi

ETYA

Vol. XVUI MAY, 1915 No. 7

ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, THE YOUNO MEN'S MUTUALMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS AND THE SCHOOLS OF THK CHURCH OF

JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

PWBU9MKB MQKTMLY BY TUB BKHMHML BOAMB AT BAIT UUCB BtTY, TAB

ENGRAVING ClOl

Sll BEFORE THE SMOKE BOTH PHONES

CLEARS AWAY Da your firestricken shop, factory, Jos. Wm. Taylor office or store, you can resume budneee If Insured with us. Mo long Utah's Leading Undertaker unnecessary delays In adjusting, bo

haggling orer terms; but prompt payand Licensed Embalmer.

ment of losses every time. Ifc's to our

Interest to get you set up in business Parlor,Fin* FuneralShew RoomsChapel,andPrivateMorgue again. again—we can Insure you

HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY OF UTAH OFFICE OPEN DAT AND NIGHT 11, 28 aad 25 South West Temple St. Hilar J. Grant & Go. Vgs. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

2026 S. Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah

The Panama—California Exposition

1, January Opens 31, 1915. O/AlNAM niHT,nUlnUVJ closes Dec. Los Angeles

The PanamaPacific International ExRound trip ID position SAN FRANCISCO

Opens February 20, closes December 4, 1915

There will be excursion rates in Salt Lake City FranciSCO effect throughout the year via

Tickets on Sale DAILY Three Months Limit Stopovers—Diverse Routes

THREE DAILY FAST TRAINS 8:45 a.m. 5:00 p.m. 11:50 p.m.

The first excursion date from Utah points will be Ask for Exposition Booklets

Ticket Office 10 East 3rd So.

35013502 JANUARY 30, 1915 Phones W.

Limit, March 15, 1915 $4.00 Roun.1 Trip

effect via Salt will be in Lake and Rate Los LOS ANGELES going, via Angeles returning Franand San cisco and Portland, or going via Portland to and San Francisco, returning via Los AnSAN DIEGO geles and Salt Lake, or returning in either Ocean Trip case via San Francisco or Ogden. On Steamers

Other Excursions will Yale and Harvard be announced later. T. H. Manderfield,

Consult any O. S. L. Agent for rates, de- A.G.P.A., Salt Lake

scriptive literature, etc., or write,

D. E. BURLEY, Gen'l Passenger Agent, Visit Both Expositions

Salt Lake City, Utah.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMEN T ERA

Work A Song of Triumph

"Work!

Thank God for the might of it,

The ardor, the urge, the delight of it

Work that springs from the heart's desire.

Setting the soul and the brain on lire.

Oh, what is so good as the heat of it, it,And what is so glad as the beat of

And what is so kind as the stern command

Challenging brain and heart and hand?

"Work!

Thank God for the pride of it,

For the beautiful conquering tide of it,

Sweeping the life in its furious flood,

Thrilling the arteries, cleansing the blood,

Mastering stupor and dull despair,

Moving the dreamer to do and dare.

Oh, what is so good as the urge of it,

And what is so glad as the surge of it,

And what is so strong as the summons deep

Rousing the torpid soul from sleep?

"Work! it, Thank God for the peace of

For the terrible, keen, swift race of it;

Fiery steeds in full control, Nostrils aquiver to greet the goal,

Work, the power that drives behind,

Guiding the purposes, taming the mind,

Holding the runaway wishes back,

Reining the will to one steady track,

Speeding the energies faster, faster,

Triumphing over disaster.

Oh, what is so good as the pain of it,

And what is so great as the gain of it,

And what is so kind as the cruel goad,

Forcing us on through the rugged road?

"Work! it, Thank God for the swing of it. For the clamoring, hammering ring of

Passion of labor daily hurled On the mighty anvils of the world * *

Oh, what is so fierce as the flame of it,

And what is so huge as the aim of it,

Thundering on through death and doubt,

Calling the plan of the Maker out;

Work, the Titan; Work, the Friend,

Shaping the earth to a glorious end;

Drawing the swamps and blasting the hills,

Doing whatever the spirit wills.

Rending a continent apart To answer the dream of the master heart.

Thank God for a world where none mayshirk.

Thank God for the splendor of work!"

Angela Morgan ROMANTIC RUINS The old Deseret Paper Mill, on the road to Big Cottonwood Canyon.

Improvement Era

Vol. XVIII. MAY, 1915 No. 7.

Faith

BY NEPHI JENSEN

On the afternoon of the 25th day of November, 1914, Thanksgiving Day, I stood beside Elder Oscar A. Kirkham, on the streets

of Preston, Idaho, and watched the students of the Oneida Stake

Academy on parade. It was Founder's Day, and the student band

was playing, and banners were waving in the autumn breeze. One

of the banners, held proudly above the heads of the marching students, had printed across it, in bold letters, "Labor conquers everything."As Brother Kirkham caught sight of this inscription, he

turned to me and remarked, "Labor does not conquer everything.

There are many things that can only be accomplished by faith."

Then with emphasis, "faith should be the big word in Church school education."

"Faith"is and should be the "big word,"not only in Church school education, but in all Church work. When Joseph Smith

said, "Faith is the foundation of all righteousness,"he uttered one of the most profound religious truths. Faith is the mainspring of

human endeavor. It is the heart of hope, the soul of morality,

and the chief cornerstone of character. It is the moral gravity

that holds the soul in the orbit of truth. Faith is the soul's shield

and garment, woven by God's Spirit of the warp and woof of sentiment and truth.

Faith is mightier than reason. At the outer edge of known

fact reason halts, but faith goes boldly on and discovers new truth that the eye has not seen nor ear heard. Faith is the only bridge

that spans the chasm between the known and the unknown. If the

inventors, explorers and discoverers had been agnostics, most of modern history would still be unwritten. It was faith, not reason,

that marked Columbus'path across the Atlantic. It was faith, not

knowledge, that impelled Morse to experiment, and experiment, until telegraphy became an accomplished fact. In the realm of

568 IMPROVEMENT ERA

religion, faith is manifestly the "Key to knowledge too rare."In

spite of Job's challenge, "Canst thou by searching find out God?"

men of science have gone on striving to reason their way to God, and then, in their desperation, have exclaimed with Tyndal, "If you present God as a poem I will believe it, but as a fact I reject it."But Saints having faith stronger than sight, have through

prayer and devotion found God to be very near, and the faithful unvarying "rewarder of those who diligently seek him."

Reason is sometimes destructive, faith is always constructive.

Reason is sometimes arrogant and proud; faith always bows in

humble submission to the will of Him whose laws are just and true.

Faith is the assurance of the actuality of the unseen and unknown. It knits the future into the present and makes spiritual

laws as real as the laws of nature.

It is through faith that the gospel becomes "the power of God unto salvation."The gospel is more than a system of ethics defining man's duty to man; it not only holds before man the highest

conception of human destiny, but it also imparts to its devotees the faith which becomes the power to work out that destiny.

Those who claim that religion is no better than man's philosophy, often tell us that Confucius before Christ gave the Golden Rule of conduct. If the contention of these critics is well founded, it

need only be said that it is Christ, not Confucius, who imparts the spiritual power to do unto others as we would have others do unto us. In spite of Dr. Charles Eliot's conclusion, that, "The

new religion will not teach that character is likely to be suddenly changed,"it is the common experience of the elders of the Church, who have performed foreign missionary service, that people who truly become converted to the gospel receive the faith that completely transforms their lives. The writer recalls a man in

Georgia, of some prominence and more than ordinary intelligence, who, prior to his acceptance of the gospel smoked, drank, profaned and gave way to bad temper; who, when he received the faith the

gospel imparts, immediately abandoned all his bad habits and became, and lived and died a saint.

Vital faith in the immutability of divine law and the infallibility of God's promises, is the most powerful force for righteousness in the world. There is no deduction of science or conclusion

of the philosopher that has so much restraining and controllingpower on human conduct as the divine mandate, "This is the way, walk ye in it."In spite of the positive conclusion of science that

the use of tobacco is injurious to health, we frequently see doctors walking the streets smoking cigars and even cigarettes, while men walking side by side with them, who cannot explain scientifically the effect of nicotine upon muscle or nerve fiber, but who believe iti the "Word of Wisdom,"neither smoke nor chew. How can

FAITH 569

this be? There is only one answer. Real, vital faith in the word

of God is a mightier power for right living than the wisest words of the wisest men.

Many who doubt the divinity of Christianity, point to the present crumbling and crashing of European civilization as proof of the failure of the teachings of the Nazarene. But these critics

are unjust. This fearful clashing of maddened human hoards is

only a demonstration of the impotence of faithless, Godless theology. It furnishes proof of the futility of man's efforts to establish

enduring civilization without building upon the chief cornerstone, the fatherhood of God. Those who have gloried in this vaunted

European civilization should now humbly acknowledge that "the inspiration of the Almighty giveth man understanding,"and that man's understanding without the "inspiration of the Almighty,"is nothing to boast about.

European civilization has not failed because Europe has been without religion. She has had a religion which has dwindled from

the dynamic "faith once delivered to the Saints,"to a mere sentiment, devoid of the wonderworking power of faith. The nations

of Europe have departed from the ways of peace because they have not been held in closeness to God and truth by that faith which was made invincible by the confirmation of miracles, which nerved the primitive Saints to endure bonds, prisons and death for the name of the Master. If these warring nations had soulrooted

faith in Him who said, "My kingdom is not of this world,"would they now be making the rivers of a continent run blood in the name of worldly pomp and power? If they doubted not the

mighty fact of Christ's mission would they have forgotten that he was the Prince of Peace?

Those who believe that the "torch of reason"is a better guide than faith, refuse to "walk by faith,"because they are required to receive the word of God upon the testimony of others. A bright

young lawyer, in conversation with the writer said, "I don't want any priest to tell me my duty to God. One man knows as much

about religion as another."I asked my friend, "What would you

think of a farmer who, after receiving your opinion on a technical, legal question should exclaim, T will not accept your opinion one man knows as much about law as another?'Really, would

you not think you had earned your fee?"My friend assured me

that he thought he would have taken the money.

It is no more rational to say that "one knows as much about religion as another,"than it is to say. one man knows as much

about medicine or engineering as another. And notwithstanding

Dr. Eliot's assertion that there is a "decline of reliance upon absolute authority,"there is a marked increase of tendency in business,

industry, and even farming, to be guided by the conclusions of experts. What is an expert? He is a person upon whose au-

570 IMPROVEMENT ERA

thority we accept certain statements as facts, because of his superior knowledge of an experience in the subject matter. Might

there not be spiritual experts? Who shall say that a prophet who

has spent a lifetime in devotion to God and the study of his ways is not truly an expert upon whose authority we would be justified, and even obligated to receive the word of God

Faith is the very life of religion through which it becomes and is God's soulmolding force in the world. But religion, disassociated with the idea of special divine providence, is a mere

sentiment. Where there are no miracles there is no faith, and

where there is no faith there is no vital soulsaving religion. The

Christ plainly taught that the manifestation of the power of God through him, in the work he did that human ingenuity and skill cannot do, was the very insignia of his calling and priesthood. He

made the working of miracles the very test of the divinity of his mission. To the messenger sent to him by John the Baptist to

inquire if he was the Messiah, Jesus said, "Tell John the sick are healed, the blind see, the deaf hear, and the dead are raised to life."Why send such a message to the Baptist? So that he would

know that Jesus was the Christ, by the fact that he had power over the issues of life and death that are beyond the might of man.

In God's great latterday work, faith, confirmed and made vital by new revelations of God's unvarying willingness to answer the soul's cry for truth, with truth, has been and is the soulim- pelling and controlling power through which God has worked out, and is working out, the destiny of modern Israel. "Mormonism"

was born of the undoubting faith that God will answer prayer.

From the first vision of the Prophet Joseph Smith to the last instance of special divine intervention in the lives of the Latterday

Saints, the whole history of the Saints has been the history of the triumph of faith revivified by modern evidences of the infallibility of the Master's promise, "Ask and ye shall receive."Some men

who behold the splendid achievements of the Latterday Saints exclaim, "The 'Mormons'are a great people."But those who look

deep into the history of the Saints say, in their souls, "What hath

God wrought!"

When gold was discovered in California, Mark Twain, who was then living in New England, with others, caught the gold fever and started for the new El Dorado. On his way, he stopped

in Salt Lake City a few days. There was one circumstance about

the Saints which wrote itself deep in the brain of the great humorist. He noticed with astonishment that the Saints, although several thousand miles nearer the gold fields, than the people of New

England, remained peacefully and contentedly at the foot of the

Wastch mountains. In his notes to Roughing It, he wrote of

this circumstance:

FAITH 571

"Neither hunger, thirst, poverty, grief, hatred, contempt, nor persecution could drive the 'Mormons'from their faith or their allegiance and even the thirst for gold, which gleaned the flower of the youth and strength of many nations, was not able to entice them! That was the

final test, an experiment that could survive that, was an experiment with some substance to it somewhere."

Ah, yes, Mr. Twain, you spoke more truthfully than you

knew. It is too bad that you did not find, as others have found,

that the name of the "substance"in the "Mormon"experiment is

Truth! It is unfortunate that you did not find, as others have

found, that the power in "Mormonism"which is stronger than the lure of gold, is faith, sublime faith, anchored to the rock of revelation, which was, is, and always will be the enduring strength of the Church

Somewhere Today

Somewhere, today, you've a mother, my boy.

Somewhere, near by or afar And if she is all that a mother should be,

Is she not your guiding star?

Somewhere, today, you've a mother, my boy,

Mayhaps who once taught you to pray.

When you knelt by her knee at the bedtime hour.

Your childish petitions to say.

Somewhere, today, you've a mother, my boy.

Although she be not upon earth;

Somewhere, today, you've a mother, my boy,

Whose agony gave to you birth.

Somewhere, today, you've a mother, my boy.

Who trusts you as none others do

E'en if for bread you've given but stones,

Methinks she is pleading for you.

Then, oh! today, for that mother, my boy.

Who gave of her best unto you.

Place o'er your heart the emblem so pure,*

In honor of motherhood true.

Grate Ingles Frost.

*The white carnation.

Unbidden Guests* The Improvement Era Prize Story, February Contest

BY NEPHI ANDERSON

The clock in the City Hall tower struck two in the morning as the motor car stopped and the man and the woman alighted.

Pausing a moment to pay the driver his fee, the two walked wearily up the stone steps to the porch. The night was still and

dark. The breeze from the north hills was chilly, and the electric

light from the street hardly penetrated the shrubbery about the house. "Hurry, Phil,"said the woman, "I'm so tired."

"I can't find the key,"he replied, as he searched his pockets."Where in the world—

The woman leaned languidly against the porch rail as she watched the man in his vain hunt.

"I haven't it,"he said. "We'll have to ring up Sarah."

"You forget that this particular night Sarah is not at home."

"Then we'll have to wake father."

"No; don't do that yet. You know he hasn't been well lately."

"Then tell me what to do."There was a pause.

"Is there no other way to get in?"

"Trust Sarah to have everything burglar proof."

"Well, ring the bell, it's a shame."then—but

The bell within rang clearly. They waited in sibnce, for

usually it took some time for the father to reach the front door but tonight there was no answering movement within. The button

was pressed again, yet the silence of the night reigned within as well as without.

"Well, what is the matter?"cried the woman. We can't

camp here all night, Phil."

"I agree with you—I'll go around to the back door."

afraid,"she moaned. "I'm shivering—I'm

"My dear, there's nothing to be afraid of. We'll get in

somehow."The man's reassuring whistle sounded from the rear. Then

it suddenly stopped; there was a sound of opening doors, and a

switching on of lights; then the front door opened.

"Come in, Mary. The back door was open,"said he.

*This story won the $25 prize for February, in the Improvement Era sixmonths'contest ending June, 1915.

UNBIDDEN GUESTS 573

She stepped in and slowly took off her wraps. The party that

night must have been unusually debilitating; the woman was dead

tired. "Why didn't your father answer the bell?"she asked. "Is he

in his room?"

"I'll see."

They both went quietly into a bedroom leading from the hall to the left, but the bed was still as Sarah the girl, had left it that day. In connection with the bedroom was the father's library

where he sat to read and write. The door was ajar, and the young

man, pushing it wide open, looked in. The father was lying heavily on the table, his head resting on one hand as if he were asleep.

In the other hand was a pen, and at his elbow lay a neatly piled number of sheets of paper.

"Father has been at his writing, until he has fallen asleep,"said the young man. He went up to the prostrate form, and taking hold of his father's shoulder, shook him gently: "Wake up,

father, and get to bed."

But there was no response. The body was rigid..

is it, Phil?"whispered the young woman, as "What—what

she came up.

They looked into his face, gently turned it aside, and then realized the truth. For him there would be no more long waits for

his children to come home. The little, beautiful, old man lay

he wasthere, with a smile on his lips, as if he were asleep—but

dead The funeral was most fashionable, most upto-date, and as such, it cost a deal of money. Flowever, the dead man left plenty

of that, so, the laying away of his little body to sleep in the dust until the resurrection day, brought no financial hardship on any one. All his wealth passed to his only son and his wife, known

to society as "splendid entertainers."Always, Phil and Mary

had had much of the father's money, but now they had it all.

After the funeral was over and the last friends had departed from the big house, the reality of their loss came to them more keenly than ever. During the seven years of their married life,

these two had had one long "easy time"of it, thanks to the old man's money; but they loved him dearly, despite all their careless

ways, and their hearts were very tender now. One of the missions

of death, it seems, is to soften hearts that are becoming calloused.

"Phil,"asked Mary one evening about a week after the funeral, "what was that writing your father was busy with during his last days?"

"He kept a journal all his life, but it seems that he was writing something special lately. I gathered up the sheets and placed

not goingthem in his desk. Shall we see what they are?—we're

out tonight, are we?"

574 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"No; there is the Mcjenkins card party, but Sadie said we

I'm glad of it."would be excused, of course—and

The two went into the father's library, the apartment that he had called his room. Mary seated herself comfortably while Phil

fetched his father's papers.

"There is a lot of writing here,"he explained, "which deals with the common events of his life; but here within a few days

of his death, he seems to have written a story of some kind looks like it."

And this is what Phil read I want now to tell you, my son, "Monday-—Most of this which

happened in what your mother and I used to call the 'Sagebrush'period of our lives That seems a long time ago, but I remember it as clearly as if it had been yesterday. Those were the days of

our small beginning, and although they were days of poverty and struggle, I know now that they were years of real happiness.

"Sagebrush! yes, the whole Flat where now stands a town,

was one mass of gray sage. We moved out the year before the

canal was completed, and we lived that first winter in a oneroomed log granary. I cut a window in the south wall, and nailed sheeting across the rafters for a ceiling; and when I whitewashed the

log walls, I gave the ceiling a coat, too. We made it quite cosy,

your mother and I, and as we were contented with our love and our prospects, what more could be asked?

"I worked most of the time clearing the land of sagebrush

I meanand I tell you, the sagebrush was big and beautiful—yes,

that.. The thick trunks of the brush not only indicated fertile soil,

but they made splendid firewood for our stove. I built quite a

comfortable shelter for our cow and span of horses out of the thickest growth of brush I could find. Oh, yes; there was sagebrush within and without, sagebrush greeted the eye and the nose,

and sometimes we had a taste of the leaves in our food.

I. We had no company "We were truly happy, mother and

nearest neighbor being a mile away. Duringto speak of—our

the long, cold evenings, your mother sat with her sewing (we had no machine, of course), and I read. What do you suppose we

read? The Book of and Dickens. With the snow Mormon—yes,

piling up towards the window without, what cared we, for we lived with Alma and Moroni, and with David Copperfield and

Little Nell. Your mother was an adept at needle work; and I,

in the pauses of the reading, was good at stuffing sagebrush into

little story night before last. I the stove."Wednesday—I began my

can't write much at a time, for I soon get tired. In looking over

what I have written, I observe that there is considerable sage-

I wouldn't have you understand that our lives brush in it—but

were wrapped up wholly in that. There were other good things out

UNBIDDEN GUESTS 575

there on the Flat, among them, not the least, the good, hard work in subduing the soil, and bringing a living out of it. We slept

well, we had good appetites. We experienced the joy of living

as only two young people such as we were can.

"The spring following that first winter on the Flat, there came to us our supreme joy you were born. Yes, my boy, your coming had been looked for so long that we did not dare regret it,

even though our home was cramped and crude. I could have

wished for more comfort for the mother, of course, but the idea of purposely postponing your coming never entered our minds. We

never spoke of waiting until we could afford it or until we had enjoyed some years of carefree pleasure, or anything like that. I

suppose we were two real, oldfashioned people. But I remember

yet the morning you were born. As I went out in the early dawn,

after the doctor said all was well and the little mother was sleeping, I noticed that on the yet uncleared land the grass was soft and green between the brush. 'The gray sage stands in a bed of

green,'I mused, and that line has never left me. Everything was

lovely that morning. * * * Your mother bore her trials with

sweetest resignation and courage. God bless her sacred memory.

tonight, asHow you did grow that summer!—I can't write more

I see it is after midnight. I hope you are having a good time at

your party, but—I am

I felt chilly, so Sarah built me a fire "Thursday)—Last nighttired. I must close now.

in the grate. That felt so comfortable that I fell asleep before I

could get to bed. I suppose what happened then was a dream. I

thought I was in some faroff country. I had been there before,

on some mission, it seemed, but the details were not clear. There

was, however, a wonderful sense of security and peace, and I remember the smell of roses. You know how I like roses. Then,

in the midst of my dream, out of the indistinctness, I heard clearly the voice of a child. 'Grandpa,'it said, 'grandpa, I want to come

to you. Why am I not sent for, grandpa, I want to come.'I

looked about, but I could not see anyone, though I felt the presence of the child. I was dumb with amazement, I suppose, for I

said nothing. Then again I heard a soft pleading voice, T would

sit with you, grandpa, I would sleep with you, I would stay with you day and night. I would be your company. Tell them to let

me come.'My heart burned, and I attempted to answer, but in

my efforts, I awoke.

* * * * "Friday*—I have been thinking about my dream.

Your coming to us, Phil, thirtyfive years ago, completed our happiness. Your mother would name you Philip, for, said she, 'Is he

not the 'son and heir?'He is to perpetuate your name and race.'

You see, your mother descended from highborn English stock, and she came naturally by such notions. She would have been

quite 'a lady'had she remained in England. I may not have

576 IMPROVEMENT ERA

looked at the matter in quite the same way as your mother did, but it was a wonderful satisfaction that I had a son. I myself am

an only son, even as you have proved to be; and so much depends

on an only son.

"When you were two years old, you had a severe illness. We

thought we should lose you then, but the Lord blessed our efforts, and we pulled you through. The next winter we rented a com-

I havefortable house in town, chiefly for your sake, and then—but

is written elseno need to write about your childhood days—that

where in my journal. We did all that we could for you, your

mother and I. Had your mother remained with us longer, perhaps things might have been different. I have not always been

wise with that which the Lord has intrusted to me, but my mistakes have been of the head, as they say. Shall I say it now—not

greatest disappointment has been thatin anger, my son—but my

there,I have not had grandchildren to climb upon my knee—but

forgive night. me—good

is 9:30 now. I felt so much better today that Sunday—It

I went to meeting this evening. We had a good meeting. I came

home, as usual, to a cold and empty house. Even Sarah had other

company and did not come home. I can't write any more tonight.

is now afternoon, but I must begin my writing "Monday—It

early today, I have so much to record, and I do not feel strong.

stillThe glamor of my vision—for surely I have had a vision—is

upon me. * * * Let me tell it to you. I was sitting in my

room thinking of what I had heard in meeting. The window was

open, for the evening was warm. And as I sat there in the stillness, there came to me the premonition that the child of the other

evening was coming to me again. I remained perfectly quiet,

praying in my heart that I might be worthy of such a visit. Presently, from the direction of the window, I heard the voice, and I

turned. There stood the prettiest, plumpcheeked, blueeyed little

girl I had ever seen.

"'Grandpa,'she said, softly in the sweetest of tones, 'are you all alone?'

"I stretched out my hand to the child and answered, 'Yes, I am alone.'"'You are nearly always alone, aren't you? Well, we have

little while.'come to keep you company—for a

"'Thank you,'I said.

"'Can you see me?'she asked.

I am glad you have come.'"'Yes, I can see you—and

"is some one else.'With that she stepped to 'Wait—there

the window, and presently there appeared a little boy. He was

beautiful curlyheaded fellow, with big,younger than the girl—a

round, questioning eyes. He* had Mary's face. The little girl

UNBIDDEN GUESTS 577

took him by the hand, and together they came softly and a little shyly to where I was sitting by the table. The girl spoke

"'This is my brotherto-be. I think his name will be Philip,

but T don't call him that yet, for you see'"She stopped as if she was a little confused in her ideas, not knowing how to proceed with her explanation. They now stood

close by my chair, and I laid a hand on each head.

''And what is your name?'I asked the girl.

"can't tell you that,'she hesitated. 'But I hope it will 'I—I

be Alicia, for that was my grandmama's name, wasn't it?'

"'It was—and how do you know?'"'Why, I know her. It was she who—

"The little boy pulled at her sleeve and looked strangely into her face as if he was reminding her of something. Presently, the

little fellow, overcoming his timidity, climbed upon my knee. He

felt of my face and ran his fingers through my hair. He did not

speak, but dimples came into his cheeks when he smiled up into my face. My whole being thrilled with delight.

"Ts there room for me?'asked the girl.

"'Yes, indeed,'I said as I lifted her to the other knee. One

arm slipped around my neck, and she pressed her soft cheek to mine.

'T love you, grandpa,'she said, and the little boy also gave an assenting pressure with his chubby fist.

"For pure joy I could not speak, sitting there with those two children so close to me, feeling their hands, hearing them, seeing the innocent lovelight in their eyes. They nestled closely to me,

as if they trusted me implicitly. For a time they too, seemed satisfied without further speech.

"Presently, a distant door seemed to open and close. Instantly, the children slid from my knees and were about to run

away as if they were frightened.

"'Children,'I cried, reaching for them, 'stay, where are you going?'

''We don't want them—our papato-be and mamato-be to

see us,'whispered the girl. 'We're not welcome yet, you know.'

it was only "'They're not coming.'I looked at the clock—

1 1:30. 'They'll not be here for a long time. Come, stay with me.

I pleaded.I welcome you, and this is my room—my house,'

"They came back. The little girl kissed my cheek. The bov

played with my watch chain.

"'We should like to stay here always,'explained the girl, 'but we can't until we are sent for. Tell them to send for us,

grandpa.'"'Yes, T will, T certainly will.'

"'Tell them not to wait until it is too late. There are children

so many, I have been told, who are compelled to wait,—oh, ever

578 IMPROVEMENT ERA

at last,and wait for their papasto-be and their mamasto-be—until

then, you know,some other arrangements have to be made—and

there are a lot of unhappy people.'

'"A lot?'I asked.

"'Yes; the grandpas and grandma's, and the papasto-be and

all, the children. You see, we wouldn'tmamasto-be—and most oflike not to have you for a grandpa, and so—

"But there again the little thing seemed to come to the end of her reasoning. She looked a little bewildered at the train of

thought which had been started in her little brain. All this time

the boy had been looking around the room, until his eyes rested on the bronze horse on the mantle. I saw what had taken his

attention, so I slipped the children from my knees, got the horse and placed it on the floor by the boy. He patted it gleefully, and

I am sure he tried to make some horse noises. The little girl now

looked about the room as if she also wanted something to play with; but grandpa's room was woefully deficient in children's

playthings.

"'Had I known you were coming,'I said to her, 'I would have bought you a doll.'

"!'and she clapped her hands. 'Oh—

"'I'll have one for your next visit; not only a doll, but a bed for it to go to sleep in, and'a carriage to take it out in, and—

afraid there "'But maybe there won't be a next visit—I'mwon't be, grandpa, because—

"'Because what, my little girl?'"'I don't know—'surely there were tears in her eyes now.

The little boy saw them, and he left his plaything. Taking the

girl's hand, he led her towards the window.

"'You're not going?'I exclaimed.

"The two stood still as if listening to some distant call. A

peculiar expression came into their faces which I did not understand. I pleaded with them not to leave their grandpa—he was

so they seemed not so lonesome without them—oh, lonesome—but

to hear me, or even to be aware of my presence. Visitors from

another world they were, and of that world; and only by permission had they been to visit me. I knew very well they could not

stay, and yet their going seemed to pull my heart from me. Had

Alicia sent them to me? Why had they not come to you, my son

Philip, and you, my daughter Mary? Then they could have stayed.

* * * My pen drags.

"'Little girl,'I managed to say, 'promise me to come again.

Come and sit on my knee again, and I shall surely give you all the playthings you want.'I started towards them as if to catch and

detain them. The little girl smiled at me as much as to say, how

foolish for an old man like me to try to catch them. She took my

UNBIDDEN GUESTS 579

hand and led me back to my chair. Then, coming back again to my

plane of consciousness, as it were, she said "'Grandpa, if we can't come to you, maybe you can come to us.'"'But you are coming, my are coming!'children—you it is so long to wait—and "'Oh, yes, in time—of course—but

we want to be with you; and so, we'll come for you, maybe.'

"Then the little boy beckoned for his sister, and she let go my hand and joined him. She smiled at me all the time, and the boy's

dimpled face was the last I saw, like a dissolving picture. Then

they were gone. I thought I heard them in the distance as if they

were shouting farewells to me, but I suppose that was only in my imagination. * * *

"The room is quiet, and I am alone in it. I am so tired now.

said she the little girl—she "Wednesday—Last night—she,

I'll there little sweetheart,would come for ** me—O,'<* you—are—yes,** *r* "r H*r*ri"y*i (* i

Phil stopped his reading, for that was the end of the writing, and the last few sentences were hardly discernible. He laid the

last sheet carefully on the pile of manuscript, and looked at the pale face of his wife. For a time there was silence. The man

noticed the bronze horse on the mantle, and half expected to see dolls and dolls'clothing strewed about the floor. Then he arose

and shook himself as if to get out from under a burden. He paced

the floor, then dropped with a moan back into his chair.

The wife came to him. "Phil,"she breathed, "Phil!"

"Yes, Mary, come here."

asked. "What—whatShe sank into hishavearms.we done?"he

"Nothing, I hope,"she faltered, "but what we can—with

right."God's help—make

"Oh, T hope so, Mary, I hope so."

The Money Grubber

Like bird of the air, flying hither and yon,

Hurries he, scurries he, till life is gone;

And when comes the end, pray what has he done?

Never yet learned how to live.

For the smile of a god, now cold, now benign,

He sees through the years and in every clime;

Knows not if blue or if grey is the sky,

Heeds not the blossoms that at his feet lie.

And when on the brink of Death's River he stands,

Where is the touch of Love's gentle hands

To gladden the journey and help him across?

Counted with what he appraised but as loss.

Grace Ingles Frost The Story of the Salt Lake Theatre'

BY HORACE G. WHITNEY, DRAMATIC EDITOR "THE DESERET NEWS'

In Four Parts—Part II

It is doubtful whether in all the annals of the drama, a more unique condition could be found than that which existed in the "Mormon"playhouse, when T. A. Lyne arrived in Salt Lake. It

was eight years before the advent of the railroad, and the theatre had been built entirely of timbers from the mountains, native stone, and adobes. Yet all the appointments of the house (except the seats, which were wooden benches) were as complete as

those in the large eastern cities. Artists like Ottinger and Morris, provided scenery for all the plays. A large wardrobe for

ancient and modern dramas was kept on hand in charge of Robert

Neslen, C. Give, Mrs. Maiben and Mrs. Bowring; a small army

of supers could be clothed in fashion historically correct at any time. John Squires, wig maker and barber, saw that every character in the "dress"plays, was provided with suitable headgear

before he or she stepped upon the stage; a captain of supers was

responsible for the appearance of his men whether they were

Indians, courtiers, slaves, or the army of Richard III. Harry

Horsley, the veteran street car conductor of today, won his first spurs as super captain, and later became locally famous as the waiter who bore the baby Maude Adams across the stage upon a platter; the fine old greenroom, then the place where the actors

met to receive their'parts from the stately stage manager and occasional player, John T. Caine (now the dressing room of

visiting stars) contained a huge mirror, where each character surveyed himself or herself just prior to venturing before the audience, and where fellow players passed judgment upon the costumes, and "makeups;"Charlie Millard, most ingenious of property men, could turn out anything from a throne to a mouse trap,

and manufactured all the fire works, lightnings and thunders that any demon required, while William Derr, in charge of the lighting, though limited to coal oil lamps, produced some illuminations of which the house had no reason to feel ashamed. As for

music, there was an orchestra of twenty, and when choral effects were desired, as in "Macbeth,"the whole strength of the tabernacle choir could be called on. In fact, Mr. Lyne, fresh from a

*An address delivered before The Cleofan Society, Salt Lake City,

January 27, 1915.

THE SALT LAKE THEATRE 581

chain of eastern theatres, was wont to say that nowhere outside of the houses of the great populous cities, and in but few of them, was there such completeness of stage appointments, scenery and accessories as were found in Brigham Young's theatre, in the heart of the Rockies, in 1862.

Lambourne on "The Playhouse."

Alfred Lambourne, the poetartist, succeeded Ottinger as scene painter of the house. In his poetic work, A Playhouse,

speaking of conditions at the Salt Lake Theatre in those early days, Lambourne says:

"In my mind's eye, I do not see the Playhouse, as it now is, overlooked by buildings higher than itself, but as the structure was when its bulk entirely dominated all that was around it. How

calmly imposing it used to appear, how grandly massive it showed hi the twilight, or when the moonlight was falling on its white walls! T, for one, could not go from home to the Playhouse,

without passing through and inhaling the odor of the Artemesia and the sunflower. That odor is mixed up in my mind with the

first seeing of many a great play. But how can I bring back to

your understanding those times? How suggest the indefinable

the semisolitude, the isosomething that then existed—out amid

lation? How am I to recall the humorous earnestness, the fineness or roughness of fibre, the pathetic side, the laughing determination of religious pioneer life as associated with a theatre?

Yet such are all mixed up again, with my memories of the Playhouse.

as it was in "Swing a circle around the Playhouse—I mean

those early days: swing a circle of hundreds, of thousands of

miles, and how unique it was! Men who assisted in the building

of that theatre acted upon its stage. That was the strong time

of the legitimate drama. Even the people in the isolated west

became connoisseurs. In this particular Playhouse, people would

go to performances, not to see a new play, but to see some new actor or actress in the old parts. Each star, man or woman, as

they stepped upon the boards, was tested by the acting of those who had gone before. 'Damon and Pythias,''Pizzaro,''Virginius,'The Duke's Motto,'The Man with the Iron Mask,'

and the like plays, not to mention those of the Bard of Avon, were those in which the newcomers were held to the lines. How

many times, in that Playhouse, did I not see Shakespeare's masterpiece? How many actors did I not see play Hamlet? Pauncefort, Lyne, Adams, Kean, McCullough, Davenport, Miss Evans,

is not half. Chaplin, Barrett, Booth—that

'The greater number of actors and actresses who belonged to the regular stock company of the Playhouse, and who support-

582 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ed the stars, had crossed the plains and mountains in ox or mule trains, and one, I believe, in a handcart company. And who

were their critics? Men and women who had done the same.

There was a peculiar sympathy between those who acted upon the stage, and those who comprised their audience. Many a man

who watched the play at night, had done the roughest of pioneer work during the day. Perhaps he had "grubbed sage"for an

order for a theatreticket; perhaps he had toiled in the fields,

irrigated an orchard, or dug on a water ditch. Perhaps he helped at

building a sawmill, or at blazing a trail up to the mountain pines.

It may be that he had brought down a load of logs and stood thereafter, for many hours in rain or shine, in the woodyard opposite the Playhouse, until he sold that load of firewood, and the pay that he received for it might have partly been used for his theatre admission fee. There was, indeed, a strange bond existing between the stage and the auditorium. All were friends

they would meet in daily labor, they would dance together, they might bear 'their testimony'in the same meetinghouse, or listen to the same sermon on the coming Sunday. Every actor was a

'Brother;'every actress was a 'Sister.'Their salaries were partly

paid in that which had been received by the Church as religious tithes. The man who guffawed at the comedian might talk with

him on the morrow, whilst he chiseled granite on the Temple

Square.'Another who watched the tragedian might visit him during the coming week in the capacity of a 'Teacher.'Those who

sympathized with the hero and heroine of the play, might soon meet them in social intercourse of a 'Surprise Party,'and they might tell how they 'Crossed the Plains'in the same 'company.'

All were one big family, Thespians and audiences, performers and watchers. And more than this, each and every actor was

liable to be 'Called on a Mission'to Europe or to 'the States.'

Again, each and every actor was liable to become a Church official, and each and every one of the actresses to become a worker in the 'Relief Society.'On the morrow, perhaps, all would look with

the same emotions on the great, watchful mountains, and take a like interest in the planting of trees and vines, or, it may be, the setting out of a flower garden. All were alike interested in bringthe desert should blossom as theing about that miracle—when

rose. "Do you think I put it too strongly, my friend? Not in the

least. Certain of these facts justify me in the claim that this

Playhouse and that theatrical organization were unmatched by any other in the world."

A Notable Decade.

Over fifty years have passed since those days, and every one of the five decades has been crowded with events of interest. InTHE SALT LAKE THEATRE 583

deed, the history of the Salt Lake Theatre during those five periods is a huge part of the history of the drama and music, and much of the social uplift of Utah for the past half century. Most

of you here present, are familiar with the record of the theatre for the past twenty or twentyfive years. In that time it has had

visits from many of the world's notables, who have left some brilliant pages in the history of the house, but to my mind the most interesting period since the doors of the famous structure were opened, was the first decade, between the '60s and early 70s, when the community was passing through its formative period when the crude material assembled by the pioneers first began to come in contact with actors and actresses from abroad, and when the foundations were laid for the dramatic and musical culture which radiated from the players in the Salt Lake Theatre, and formed the basis of the taste and appreciation so widespread throughout the state today. As the fame of the "Mormon"

theatre extended, some of the foremost artists of America turned their steps in this direction and tarried for long periods. The first, as already

SELDEN IRWIN narrated, was T. A. Lyne, who came

One of the earliest foreign stars at the age of 56, remained several to visit Salt Lake.

years, departed on several starring tours, but came back from time to time, finally settling here, and dying at an advanced age.

Mr. and Mrs. Irwin

Next came Mr. and Mrs. Selden Irwin, in 1863. The plays

they produced were generally along the lines of comedy and rorelief from the somewhat ponderous tragedies presentedmance—a

by Lyne. In his speech before the curtain, Christmas, 1862, John

T. Caine impressed upon the audience that the players were not

professionals, simply amateurs, but after Irwin's engagement, it was generally voted that most of the leading players, were entitled to a place in professional ranks. The advance of John T. Caine

and David McKenzie was especially noticeable. The Irwins remained in Salt Lake about six months, closing at the April conference, in 1864, and returning two years later. The friendship

between the Clawsons and Irwins was so pronounced that one of

IT. B. Clawson's sons was named Selden Irwin, after the actor, and

voting Mr. Clawson, to perpetuate the old bonds of friendship,

584 IMPROVEMENT ERA

named his eldest son Irwin. Mrs. Selden I. Clawson is one of the

prominent members of your association.

The Scholarly Pauncefort.

In the middle of 1864, came an artist who probably exerted the strongest influence for refinement in art and modern methods of any other artist of those days

George Pauncefort, a scholarly and polished actor, who had acquired considerable fame on the London stage.

He was the original Armand Duval, in "Camille,"when Matilda Heron first produced that play in New York.

He came from Denver to Salt Lake by stage, accompanied by a costar,

Mrs. Florence Bell. His opening bill

July 20, 1864, was ''The Romance of a Poor Young Man,"which caused a sensation. Under his direction, David

McKenzie made a strong, success in the part of the old doctor, and sixteen years later, when the Home Dramatic Club was casting about for a play in which to make its bow to the public, Mr. McKenzie suggested "The

Romance of a Poor Young Man,"and he coached Bishop Whitney in his original role.

Lyne and Pauncefort played a numGEORGE PAUNCEFORT ber of memorable performances toThe scholarly actor, who exer gether. It was during Pauncefort's

cised a great influence on stay that "Hamlet"and "Macbeth"

Salt Lake's pioneer players were first produced at the Salt Lake theatre, stellar attractions which our mothers and fathers rewarded with some tremendous audiences.

The first performance of "Hamlet"was justly deemed so important an event, that the News featured the cast. The date was

August 10, 1864, and the players were as follows

Hamlet Mr. Pauncefort

King John Lindsay Polonius David McKenzie Laertes John T. Caine

Horatio Joseph Simmons Marcellus H. K. Whitney

Francisco E.G. Woolley

First Actor George Teasdale

the salt lake theatre 585

Ophelia Mrs. Florence Bell

Queen Mrs. Gibson

Player Queen Sara Alexander

Margetts and Dunbar appeared in their inimitable roles of the two grave diggers, and John R. Clawson and Henry Maiben

had lesser parts.

The old green room of the Salt Lake Theatre is hoary with legends and anecdotes of the old days. One of them which has

come down through a generation of stage hands, pertains to

George Pauncefort. In the production of "Macbeth"given under

his direction, it was featured by bringing in one hundred voices from the Tabernacle choir to do proper justice to the Witches'

Chorus. A weird and fantastic group they made in their disguises, and the fine old strains of Locke's music had a ringingrendition.

The leader of the orchestra had been rehearsing his chorus and musicians in a separate hall, and the night before the production, they all came together for a dress rehearsal on the stage.

The leader invited Mr. Pauncefort to sit in front of the house, while

the witches scene was on, asking him to observe the effect, giving special attention to the echoes, a quartet of witches stationed far off in the flies, who echoed the strains of the chorus on the stage.

The leader said his "echo quartet"had just arrived from England, and were said to have fine voices. Mr. Pauncefort seated

himself, and the work began. The great chorus sang the music

and came to the strains "To the Echo, to the Echo."

Back from the flies came the faint but distinct call "To the Hecho, to the Hecho."

"The chorus proceeded "To the Echo of a Hollow Hill,"and the faithful echo responded:

"To the Hecho of an 'Ollow Til."

History does not record the denoument, but it is likely that

Mr. Pauncefort suggested an echo quartet selected from the

American section of the weird sisters.

Pauncefort settled in Japan and died there a few years ago, at an advanced age.

Julia Dean Haync.

Following Pauncefort came the most brilliant star that ever illuminated the western theatrical horizon, Julia Dean Hayne, who played in 1865 and 1866. She was an actress who in her youth

had been the sweetheart of Joe Jefferson, and in his famous

Memoirs, he says he preferred her Juliet to that of Mary An586 IMPROVKMKNT 1RA

derson. She came with a traveling company, headed by George

B. Waldron, another eminent actor, who died years ago, but

whose son has lately made a success in New York in the role of

Daddy Longlegs, recently played here by Henry Miller. Julia

Dean Hayne was fairly worshiped in Salt Lake, and the members of the Deseret Dramatic Association, male and female, looked upon playing with her as a privilege and a liberal education. Her

leading parts were Camille, Lady Macbeth, Leah the Forsaken,

Parthenia in "Ingomar,"Julia in "The Hunchback,"Lucretia

Borgia, Medea, Marco in "The Marble Heart,"Lady Teazle, Peg

Woffington, and Pauline in "The Lady of Lyons."E. L. Sloan,

editor of the Salt Lake Herald, wrote an Indian play for her,

THREE PICTURES OF JULIA DEAN HAYNE

On the left, from photograph presented by her to the late Phil Margetts; center, a

youthful picture in the possession of William Naylor; right, from a

picture presented by Mrs. Hayne to President Brigham Young.

called "Osceola,"and E. W. Tullidge, the historian, wrote a

drama entitled "Eleanor DeVere."As a sort of diversion, she

produced "Aladdin, or The Wonderful Lamp,"and "The Forty

Thieves,"all the music for which was composed by Prof. George

Careless, then leader of the orchestra.

It might be a matter of astonishment to us that Mrs. Hayne,

then at the height of her fame, should have tarried in Salt Lake ten months, did we not know that it was here that she met the gentleman who became her second husband, James G. Cooper,

then secretary of the Territory. They were married and went

east, where, two years later, the great actress died, and was buried in Port Jervis, New York; her grave was unmarked until lately,

when her niece, Julia Dean, a Salt Lake girl, and today a prominent actress, had her resting place sought out, and erected over it a handsome headstone.

THE SALT LAKE THEATRE 587

Many here will remember that President Young, who was one of the great actress'friends, had a huge sleigh built, and named it "The Julia Dean;"for many years drawn by six

horses, and filled with sleighing parties, it was one of the sights on the streets of our city. It is worth noting that Miss A. A.

Adams, made her first appearance on the stage of the Salt Lake

Theatre, the same day that Julia Dean Hayne arrived in the city,

July 25, 1865, and her frequent appearances with that great actress did much to shape her after career.

Mrs. Hayne 's Farewell

The last appearance in Salt Lake of Julia Dean Hayne was a memorable event. It took place July 4, 1866, and the play was

"The Pope of Rome."The house was packed, and President

Brigham Young occupied a prominent place in the audience when the fair actress, being called before the curtain, made the follow.-

ing graceful speech "Ladies and Gentlemen: It is but seldom I lose the artist in

the woman or permit a personal feeling to mingle with my public duties; yet, perhaps, in now taking leave, I may be pardoned if

I essay to speak of obligations which are lasting. If, during my

lengthened stay within your midst, some trials have beset my path, many kindnesses have cheered the way, the shafts of malice have fallen powerless, and the evil words of falser hearts have wasted as the air. And perhaps in teaching me how sweet the

gratitude I owe these friends, I should almost thank the malignancy which called their kindness forth. For such, believe me,

memory holds a sacred chamber where no meaner emotion can intrude. "To President Young, for very many courtesies to a stranger, alone and unprotected, I return these thanks which are hallowed by their earnestness; and I trust he will permit me, in the name

of my art, to speak my high appreciation of the order and beauty that reigns throughout this house.

"I would the same purity prevailed in every temple for the drama's teachings. Then, indeed, the grand object would be

achieved and it would become a school

"'To wake the soul by tender strokes of art,

To raise the genius and to mend the heart.'

"But I speak too long and before the last pause—perhaps,

farewell, "'A word that has been and must be, us linger, A sound which "makes

Yet, Farewell.'

588 IMPROVEMENT ERA

It was at that time that the gifted Utah poetess, Sarah

Carmichael, whose offering's appeared regularly in the Deseret

News, inscribed the following beautiful lines to Mrs. Hayne

"jULIA DEAN HAYNE

"A form of sculptured beauty;

A deep, magnetic face, That draws the gazer's worship

To its intense embrace;

Her beauty presses on the heart,

Yet shines above it far

"With a strange polar luster, Exquisite woman's star Her beauty hath a splendid stress

That words cannot explain, Expression swoons in its caress—

Julia Dean Hayne.

A still repose of motion, An animate repose;

Expressive power of silence.

No language can disclose;

Her lip, with languid motion, turns

Each leaf in feeling's book;

"Her voice can picture all things, but

Her eloquence of look.

A warm pulse in the world's great heart,

She thrills its every vein;

And bids its teardrops stay or start

Julia Dean Hayne."

Couldock and Other Stars

Other foreign stars who appeared in that first decade, all of whom exercised a strong influence on the Deseret players, were

A. R. Phelps, C. W. Couldock and his daughter Eliza. Couldock

was one of the famous players of the day, and his presentation of "The Willow Copse,"the play from which "Hazel Kirke"was produced years after, is a vivid remembrance with old time theatregoers. He also brought out "Rosedale,"playing the role of Miles

McKenna, the gypsy, in rare fashion. Couldock and his daughter

played several engagements here, and during one, in the middle '60s, she died, and was buried in the Mt. Olivet cemetery. Couldock also appeared in Salt Lake several times in later years, one

notable engagement being with the Home Dramatic Club, in 1890,

THE SALT LAKE THEATRE 589

when he revived "Hazel Kirke"to immense business. He never failed to

visit the resting place of his daughter when he passed through Salt Lake.

Couldock was long known as the "grand old man of the stage,"and his two farewells in New York were red letter events. In one, in 1887, Booth,

P>arrett, Fanny Davenport, Joe Jefferson and Mrs. John Drew appeared. In

another, in 1895, Joe Jefferson, Nat

Goodwin, Tom Keene, W. H. Crane,

Kyrle Bellew, Henry Miller, DeWolf

Hopper, Viola Allen and Mrs. John

Drew gave a performance of "The

C. W. COULDOCK Rivals,"the receipts of which were

sufficient to guarantee him an income

The "grand old man of the American stage,"as he apof $1200 a year as long as he lived. He

peared in "Hazel Kirke."died in 1898, at the age of 84.

i Another of our "green room legends"illustrates the autocratic manner and irascible temper for which Couldock was noted. He was, in fact, a veritable terror

to the stage hands when anything went wrong. W. C. Spence,

of the Church office, who filled minor roles in the Couldock clays, is authority for the following

They were playing "The Willow Copse,"and the leader of the orchestra should have played a plaintive, melancholy air, to mark the entrance of Couldock, who was carried in on a stretcher. Through some mischance, the wrong cue was given,

and the leader struck up a lively jig. The old man delivered his

lines, but could be heard fuming and swearing under his breath.

The curtain had no sooner descended than he leaped to his feet, tore down to the prompt stand, pushed aside the curtain, and pushing his head out, shouted to the leader of the orchestra, "Blast your eyes, Professor, if I had a brick bat, I'd let you have it on the head."The astonishment of the audience

and the discomfiture of the leader may well be imagined.

Davenport and Sara Alexander

Amy Stone and her husband, who gave us our first glimpse of such plays as "Wept of the Wishton Wish,""Fanchon the

Cricket."and "The Pearl of Savoy,"came in 186768. James

Stark, who brought out "Money,""Victorine,""Brutus"or "The

Fall of Tarquin,"came in the same year. Mine. Scheller was another popular star, and during her engagement, Salt Lake first

590 IMPROVEMENT ERA

beheld "Under the Gaslight,"in which Phil Margetts as Byke,

Mrs. M. G. Clawson as Judas, John C. Graham as Bermudas,

David McKenzie as Snorkey, Sara Alexander as Peachblossom, and Johnny Matson as Peanuts, made an impression that was long remembered. Charlotte Crampton, another noted star, who played

male parts, such as Shylock, Hamlet and Richard III, with the same facility that she enacted Lady Macbeth and Meg Merrilies, came in 1868. In

many respects she was said to rival the great Charlotte Cushman.

Anette Ince then came in a round of tragedies, followed by one of the most distinguished stars of the day, E. L. Davenport,

father of the famous Fanny Davenport. He,

Mrs. Davenport (well

known as Fanny Vining) and Miss Ince formed a trio whom E. L. DAVENPORT AND SARA ALEXANDER

the Deseret Dramatic Who danced the Hornpipe in "Black Eyed Susan."players were proud E. L. Davenport was one of the foremost tragedians

to support. Davenport ofport.the American stage, and father of Fanny Davenessayed everything,

from Richelieu down to the role of William in "Black Eyed

Susan,"and in that play the sailor's hornpipe, which he and Miss

Alexander executed together, was a delight to them and their audience. He often complimented the little Salt Lake dancer upon

her grace. Another "green room legend"says that Sara Alexander was the heroine of the following

She lived with one of President Young's families, who had befriended her and her mother after they came to Utah from the east, where they had been converted to the Church by the late

James Dwyer. An eastern actor who played here for some time,

wished to marry Miss Alexander. Calling on President Young he

stated his request. "Young man,"the President replied, "I have

seen you attempt Richard III and Julius Caesar with fair success, but I advise you not to aspire to Alexander."

McCullough, Heme, Lucille Western

One of the great musical events of this day came with the engagement of Parepa Rosa who, with her husband, Carl Rosa, gave three concerts. Then came the visit of the famous John

THE SALT LAKE THEATRE 591

McCullough, whose list of Shakespearean roles left a record that has seldom been equaled here. The engagement ran twentythree nights, and

George B. Waldron and Mme. Scheller, lately back from Montana, lent

support. Annie Lockhart, an English

actress of rare refinement, next played here a short time. She returned to

Salt Lake a year or two later, and died here. Then came James A.

Heme and his wife, Lucille Western. Such plays as "Green Bushes,"

"Flowers of the Forest,""Foul play."and "Oliver Twist"were

their headliners. It was in the latter

play that Lucile Western indulged in a bit of realism where she is supposed to be killed by Bill Sykes, which was

SCHELLER MME.so revolting to the audience that many Salt Who gavewomen fainted. President Young adproduction ofLake"Underits first

vised that the piece should not be althe Gaslight."

lowed to be repeated. Miss Western's

farewell performance in "Arrah NaPogue"was a melancholy affair, as it is one of the few instances in the history of the Salt Lake Theatre when the curtain had to be rung down, owing to the indisposition of a star. The Hess

Opera Company, which gave us our first vision of those glorious tenors,

Maas and Castle, and the baritone,

Carleton, then a young man, who often visited us in later years at the head of the Carleton Opera Company, also belongs to those days.

Charles Wheatleigh in "After Dark"and "The Lottery of Life,"the Howson Opera Company, George D. ChapLUCILLE WESTERN lin,who gave us our first view of "Armrendition of Nancy Whose Sykes adale,"and the burlesque of "The was the Twist"in "Oliver

sensation of the decade Seven Sisters,"the famous Lotta in Salt Lake.

in "Little Nell,"and "Uncle Tom's

Cabin,"Joe Murphy, Neil Warner, the great tragedian,

Kate Denin, Charlotte Thompson, McKee Rankin, Kitty Blanchard, Rose Evans, Daniel Bandmann, J. K. Emmett in "Fritz,"The

Lingards, Edwin Adams, an actor who has been compared with 592 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Booth, and a few days later Adams and John McCullough together in a wonderful round of plays; Milton Nobles, then an unknown young actor, in "The Marble Heart,"and Mr. and Mrs.

F. M. Bates with their infant, later famed as Blanche Bates

these are some of the visiting stars, but by no means all of them, who came and went during the first decade of the Salt Lake Theatre, and left their impressions alike on their audiences and their fellow players.

This brings us down to 1872, and, like the preacher, I might say, "Here endeth the first lesson,"for that period was a complete epoch in itself, unique and peculiar, and unlike any other in the history of the famous playhouse.

(to be continued.)

Mcreland Ball Team, Blackfoot Stake M. I. A. League

Games won, 33; lost, 3.

From left to right: Back row, H. McKnight, (manager and

catcher); J. V. Wray, (C. F.), C. Christiansen, Capt., (2nd B.),

Liljenquist (F.\ Grimmett (S. S.), R. Wray (P.), Wheeler (F.),

Bottom row, Farnsworth (F. r>.), J. Jewel (P.), Harper (R. F.),

England (L. F.), P. Wray (F), Clark (3rd B.)

Anthon L. Skanchy

A Brief Autobiographical Sketch of the Missionary Labors of a Valiant Soldier for Christ

TRANSLATED AND EDITED BY DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE

XIV.—THE QUIET YEARS OF HOME SERVICE

From 1889, the time of his return from his fourth mission, to 1901, when he went on his fifth mission, Bishop Skanchy remained in Logan, Utah, in pursuit of his duties as Bishop of the Logan

Sixth Ward. Under his direction, the ward prospered; the poor

were well cared for; and a good spirit pervaded all the organizations of the ward.

During this period, also, the longest in his life without foreign missionary service, Bishop Skanchy built up his material interests.

The lumber business which he had organized, flourished under his care. Though he had sacrificed many years in spiritual service,

they were fully made up to him in a material way, during 'the periods that he could give himself to his business interests. He

comfortwas always a good provider for his families,—they had

able homes, and the comforts of the day. His personal gifts and

charities to people in Utah and in the old countries, have not been recorded, but they were large. Bishop Skanchy loved the poor

and afflicted, and to their relief he gave unstintingly of his time, means and sympathy.

XV. MY FIFTH MISSION

In 1901, I was called by Presidents Lorenzo Snow, George Q.

Cannon, and Joseph F. Smith to take charge of the Scandinavian

Mission, which then included Denmark, Sweden, and Norway.

I was set apart in the Salt Lake Temple, April 2, by President

C. D. Fjeldsted, and I was especially commissioned to buy and

erect for the Church, mission houses in these three Scandinavian countries. I presented to the First Presidency the necessity of

having C. D. Fjeldsted accompany me as he was well acquainted

with Denmark. This was permitted. We had a pleasant voyage

across the ocean.

In Copenhagen we bought the place where our mission house is now erected. President Fjeldsted was called home again and I

remained to arrange the matter. I laid the foundation of the

Copenhagen mission house and dedicated the place together with 594 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the corner stone the 2nd of March, 1901. The house itself was

dedicated on the fourth of July, 1901.

The next mission house was built the year afterwards on the same ground that the old mission house had stood on in Christiania. The old house had been built of poor materials and was

STOCKHOLM, SWEDEN, MISSION HOUSE in a dangerous condition. We therefore took it down and sold

the material by auction. I then contracted with architects and

builders and the house was erected and finally dedicated the 24tb

ANTHON L. SKANCHY 595

of July, 1902, after a great celebration. The dedicatory prayer

was offered by President Francis M. Lyman.

When these two countries had obtained their splendid houses, we turned our attention to Sweden. I went to Stockholm but

found great difficulties confronting me there, since the Swedish law does not permit strangers to buy building lots. We were

obliged, therefore, to secure agents to act for us. We bought, at

last, a building lot in a very public place, in an excellent district.

There we built a large fourstory building, so arranged as to make it a worthy and most beautiful place for presenting the

INTERIOR OF THE STOCKHOLM MISSION HOUSE, LOOKING FROM

THE GALLERY

gospel. Several smaller rooms in the building can be rented out,

thus providing a small income. This mission house was dedicated the second of October, 1904, President Heber J. Grant

offering the dedicatory prayer. Thus, my mission time was

lengthened out so that I could remain until this house had been dedicated.

That I had my hands full on this mission, I suppose everyone will understand. My work appeared to be satisfactory to the

Presidency of the Church, and as for myself, I trusted that I could complete this responsible work with satisfaction to my own soul.

For the success that was achieved I will continue to give gratitude to my Father in heaven. I owe to him all the praise and honor.

INITIO iVI Ml N 1 1 RA

i uii \t the ted "in mission hou v.l with.1 itonc cutter, b) the name oi Peterson,

;i dwelling II and.i room for the elders, in

house which Inwai derickshavn, Denmark. We

also bought a house in Boruj. in thecit) of arhus, Den

n t. Elder Adammark, in which we constructed a baptismal t

Peterson, who was on.i mission at that time, had great influence

among tinpeople "i Varhus,;m<l won man) friends, which all

helped.

While I had ch linavian Mission, Sister Anna

I \\i it....tii. l lnt sister Lina Gaarden, were called on a mission

and remained there for about four years. These two

i Norway, from tinextreme north to tin-

.. kik'i m mission House, looking towards ran

GALLl HY

trcme south, and spared neither time nor money in order to bring the people the gospel. The) \\>>n honor and friends everywhere for the cause of truth. They bore a great testimony to the

world, which we hope will in time bear fruit.

Brother II J. Christiansen was also called on a mission again,

at this time, and was chosen president over the conference in

Copenhagen. He was born there, acquainted with the conditions,

and had the language of Copenhagen under complete control.

He gathered many friends for the mse.

ANTHON L. SKANCHY 597

XVI. THE LAST WORD

I do not care to write more, as most of my friends are acquainted with the work that has hcen done in the mission field.

What T have done here at home has gratified me; and the people

here know my whole life. Now I am on the sick list. I have forgotten to take care of myself in my desire to care for others. The

Lord be honored and praised from now to eternity and forever.

Amen. The Lord he merciful with us all and forgive our weaknesses and imperfections.

XVII. THE SIXTH MISSION

After Bishop Skanchy had returned from his labors as President of the Scandinavian mission, he entered again upon his duties in the bishopric of the Logan Sixth Ward. He rallied the people

to his support, and he laid the cornerstone of a new ward chapel, one of the handsomest in the Church. This house is now completed.

On January 23, 1910, after twentyfive years of service,

Bishop Skanchy was honorably released from his position as bishop of the Logan Sixth ward. A little later he closed out such

of his business interests as required his daily active supervision.

On July 11, 1910, he went again to Norway, with his wife and younger children, to spend some time in gathering genealogical information for his temple work. This may be called his

sixth mission, for he went with the authority of a missionary, and did much good wdiile away.

True to his love for the city of his birth, Trondhjem, he took with him a large and expensive copy of Munkacsy's painting of

Christ before Pilate, executed by Dan Weggeland, of Salt Lake

City, which he presented to the branch, and which now adorns the meeting hall in Trondhjem.

He returned to Zion, June 22, 1911; never again to leave it

in the flesh.

XVIII. THE END OF THE JOURNEY

Soon after Bishop Skanchy returned from his last trip to

Norway, he was seized with his last illness. The evil preyed

steadily upon him, but his strong body and iron constitution, could not be broken at once. It took years for the disease to undermine

his strength and reach the vital processes of his system.

During his long illness, he composed the sketch now presented. From page to page it bears the marks of the physical

sufferings which he endured. Had he been in good health, he

would have told more of the marvelous experiences of his long missionary life. Perhaps, however, in good health, he would not

have undertaken the work at all.

SOS IMPROVEMENT ERA

While withdrawn from active life by this lingering illness, lit'also reviewed his own poems, his favorite songs, and the word of God that he loved.

Bishop Skanchy, like all who live in close communion with spiritual things, was much of a poet; a lover of the fine arts,

painting and sculpture, and an ardent worshiper of all natural beauty. In his last days, though filled with physical pain, he

found the leisure for the contemplation of the things of the spirit he loved so well, which he had been denied in his active life.

Ever did his thoughts go back to the land of the midnight sun, in which he was born; where the gospel message found him,

and where, in the full strength of his youth, he fought valiantly for the cause of truth, and won hundreds, yea, thousands, to the cause of eternal truth.

On Sunday, April 19, 1914, in his 75th year, his spirit returned to the God he had served so well. On the following

Wednesday he was buried from the beautiful chapel he had built.

Many wept at his grave, especially those who were poor in spirit or worldly goods, and whom this noble man had loved and helped and raised up, and brought into the glorious light of truth.

(the end) Does God Answer Prayer?

BY PROF. L. F. MOENCII

Part II

"God's eyes are upon all men,"so the sacred scriptures tell us, "and lie knows their thoughts and hears their prayers."

A REMARKABLE ANSWER TO FASTING AND PRAYER

While I worked in the office as secretary of the Swiss and

German mission, we received a letter, one morning, from a German professor, named Maurer, of Landau, Bavaria, asking us to send him some literature which would give him some idea respecting our belief, as he was writing a history of all the religious denominations of the various Christian sects, and he had but lately heard of the "Mormons,"and would like to embody something of our religion in his work. Accordingly we mailed him the Book

of Mormon, the Pearl of Great Price and some of our leading tracts. We thought no more about this, as such requests were of

common occurrence.

A few weeks passed when we received another letter from thjs same professor. The contents were surprising to us all. In

it he made the request that one of our missionaries be sent to him at once; that something very incomprehensible had occurred

to him, in connection with the books we had sent him, that he felt he must see one of us, and at our earliest convenience. As his

profession was in my line, the lot fell to me, and I was instructed to go at once.

Minuteman like, the next day found me on my way speeding to Landau. On my arrival I registered at the hotel, after

which I at once repaired to the professor's home. I found him to

be one of the most prominent educators of Germany, and in charge of the leading school at Landau. He was a man highly

respected for his literary attainments, wellbuilt, and of dignified feet andappearance which was augmented by his height—six

two inches; in short, a man of the regular Bismarckian school

professor in every sense ofin physique and bearing—a German

the word.

After the introduction, I was at once admonished by him not to make myself known, as "Mormon"missionaries were not tolerated at Landau, while he himself would lose his position, should it become known that he entertained a "Mormon"missionary in his 600 IMPROVEMENT ERA bouse. My lodgings, lie suggested, should be at the hotel, and my

visits early in the morning, through a private entrance, so that public attention might not be aroused.

My next visit, therefore, was at his private office, at the appointed hour, and in the designated way. As soon as I was

comfortably seated, and the compliments of the morning passed, he told me that he had been in search of the true gospel of Christ for years, but that he had searched in vain among the various sects, and that, in his mind, they were all wrong, and that none of them harmonized with the true gospel of Christ, as taught in the

New Testament. He had even searched among the heathen nations, but with the same unsatisfactory result. At last, to satisfy

his own soul, he had written a novel in which he had embodied his views, respecting the true gospel of Christ. So saying he handed

me the novel. I read it carefully during the day, and to my great

surprise found that it contained "Mormon"doctrine ttirough and through. After this, he said, he seemed to have some peace of

mind. But it lasted but a short time, when his mind again became restless, and this time, he said, he resolved to write a history

of religion, and to embody in it the religious views of the various

Christian sects, and of the heathen religions as well, still hoping thereby to find the truth. "While gathering material for this purpose,"he said, using his own language now, "I came across a

notice in one of the Landau papers, announcing the imprisonment and banishment of two 'Mormon'missionaries from one of the cities of Germany. The editor, at the same time, called upon

the police of Landau to keep a lookout for these men, representing this unpopular religion, and to imprison and banish them should they make their appearance. This made a great impression upon

my mind, and I resolved forthwith to become acquainted with them, and to know more about their religion. I went to the editor

in person and learned from him where the headquarters of these missionaries were located. He gave me the address, No. 32 Postgasse, Bern, Switzerland, and I at once addressed a letter there

with the result of which you are already familiar.

"To my great surprise,"he continued, "the more I read the books, the more convinced I became that at last I had found the truth, for the books entirely harmonized with my views but that it should be found among the despised and persecuted 'Mormons,'was a surprise to me, and beyond my comprehension.

"While reading and pondering over the things contained in the books, my wife was suddenly taken very sick. She is my

second wife, my first having died about three years ago leaving me a widower with seven children. As days passed on, she gradually

grew worse, until I finally realized that unless some unforseen power would step in, I would again be left a widower and *his time with nine ch ldrcn. T summoned, therefore, three of the best

DOES GOD ANSWER PRAYER? oOl

physicians of Landau, but they finally gave her up, telling me she could not live till morning. I sat that night by her bedside in

despair, expecting every moment to see her breathe her last, for she was sinking very rapidly. No human being knows, unless he has

passed through the same experience, how I felt that night with my nine dependent children surrounding that sick bed. The fatal

rattle in her throat at last announced the approaching end. I could

stand it no longer, and in the agony of my soul, I called upon the

Lord to deliver me from this terrible affliction, and to spare my wife. A bright light burst suddenly into the room, and a voice,

!'It isas if from heaven, said, T will help you if you will help me

needless to say what promise I made, but to my surprise, when I looked around at my wife, I found her breathing naturally, sweetly slumbering in a calm, quiet sleep from which, in a few moments, she awoke with a heavenly smile upon her face, perfectly restored to health and strength again. My joy was unbounded; the Lord

had heard and answered my prayer. The happiness was correspondingly as great as the sadness had been a few moments before. The light that had burst into and filled the room, had faded

away, and as I sat overwhelmed with joy, and pondering on what had happened, the distinct recollection forced itself upon my mind that I had made a covenant with the Lord that I would help him if he would help me. The question now arose, 'Lord, what do you

want me to do?'Suddenly and unconsciously, my eyes fell upon

the Book of Mormon which I had been reading and which I had laid open upon a chair by the side of the bed, when I felt that my wife was dying; and as distinctly as though a voice had

spoken it, the impression came upon me, 'There is the truth, and in those books your duty will be made known.'The next morning, when I thought this all over, I felt that I must see one of you

personally, and, therefore, sat down and addressed the letter to you, in response to which you are here with me now. The books

are all right, but there are some things which I do not understand, and that I wish you to explain to me personally."

In subsequent conversations, I soon found that his perplexing question was the living prophet of God, President John Taylor, who then stood at the head of the Church. The dead prophet,

President Young, was all right; he had been a mighty man, and a

prophet of God.but President Taylor was the wrong man, lacking

the ability, and hence he could not be the true prophet of God. I

also soon found that I, like President Taylor, shared the same fate, and that I had as little influence with him as President Taylor had.

The more T met with him the more I became convinced that

I could do nothing with him. and that unless the Lord intervened,

my mission would be in vain. As a last resort, therefore, I resolved to call upon the Lord through fasting and prayer to help

602 IMPROVEMENT ERA

I wouldmc in my work. I notified the professor, therefore, that

not meet with him again for two or three days in consequence of other duties I had to perform. At the end of three days, during

which time neither food nor drink passed my lips, I felt impressed to call upon him again. He received me cordially, and after the

usual greeting exclaimed, "Oh, Mr. Moench, if you had only come

yesterday, I could have told you some marvelous things, but, perhaps, after all, it was only some imagination or psychological working of my brain that caused me to see and dream what I did, so that I do not care to relate it now."Feeling impressed

that the Lord had heard and answered my prayer, I urged him to tell me what had happened. After some hesitation and urging,

he related to me the following remarkable vision, which, as near as I can remember, I prefer to give in his own language "The second night after you were here, I lay in bed thinking over some things which you had told me. All of a sudden,

whether asleep or awake, I know not, I was wrapped in a vision in which you and I seemed to be sitting in my private office, discussing the principles of 'Mormonism'as we had been doing.

Suddenly, to my great surprise, you became transformed into a large, portly man."(I would here say that in our conversations

he usually occupied a large congress chair, while I occupied a small arm chair, facing him.) "When you were thus transformed,"

he continued, "I asked you, 'Are you not Mr. Moench?'To my

great surprise you answer.ed, 'No, I am not, I am President

Young!'(Those who remember President Young will remember that he was a large, portly man, much larger than myself,

though not so tall.) "If you are President Young,"he again continued, "you are a prophet of God, and you can tell me what will

transpire in the future. He answered, T can,'and bade me to

follow. Immediately my spirit seemed to leave my body, and

together we seemed easily to journey through the air, to the top of yonder prominent peak,"pointing out the place through the window. "As I tood gazing on the scene before me, President

Young said, 'Look!'All at once, the whole world lay like an

open sheet before me, and I could see every part of it, and every nation that dwelled thereon. Men seemed to be pursuing their

natural vocations of life, and all seemed peace and quietness. The

scene was beautiful beyond all description. Again President

Young said, 'Look!'And glancing in the direction indicated,

I beheld a small, dark cloud arise, not larger, seemingly, than a man's hand. It no sooner made its appearance than I saw trouble

arise among the nations of the earth; and as the cloud grew

larger and darker in appearance, so, proportionately, the strife seemed to increase/ At last the cloud cast an inky darkness over the face of the whole earth, and then the scene became terrible.

All the nations of the earth seemed to be involved in a most ter-

DOES GOD ANSWER PRAYER? 603

rible war, the sight of which is beyond all description. Oh! so

horrible that no human mind can describe it! I saw men in

battle array mowing each other down like grass, until streams of blood ran through the land, with the crowns of kings floating upon them. And everywhere I looked, the same sight met my

gaze. "While yet looking upon this dreadful scene of murder, massacre and bloodshed. President Young again said, 'Look!'pointing

in an opposite direction. Again looking in the direction indicated,

I could see America, looming up beyond the Atlantic ocean, and up in the top of the Rocky mountains, I could see a beautiful, white building loom up with tall spires pointing to the skies; and in it

I saw men and women moving around dressed in beautiful, white clothing, while in the valleys surrounding it, I saw cattle and sheep grazing, and men and women quietly pursuing their ordinary vocations of life. A sweet, heavenly influence rested upon the

only spot uponbuilding and seemed to hover over the valleys—the

the whole face of the whole earth where there was peace. Oh

the contrast between the two! I shall never forget it. In the one

place men were murdering each other in cold blood, while in the other place peace on earth and good will to men prevailed.

"I was greatly overcome at this and finally asked President

Young what the Lord wanted me to do, a weak and sinful man.

He told me he wanted me to help in spreading the principles of truth among the nations of the earth, and to warn them of the terrible judgments of God, that would shortly fall upon the inhabitants of the earth.

"This vision was repeated to me three times in succession, and whether awake or asleep I do not know, but when I finally came to myself, it was daylight. I was very anxious to see you,

and to tell you what I had seen, while it was yet fresh upon my mind."And now was literally fulfilled a remarkable part of his vision.

IKnowing that this was of God, and in answer to my prayer, commenced to bear testimony to him. And, as I continued, the

T seeing'to Spirit of God rested upon me to that degree that grow beyond my natural size, while he, on the other h?nd, seemed

to diminish in stature, until he sat before me, a small, chunky man, staring up at me, while I seemed to be gazing down upon him.

He appeared to be perfectly spellbound and moved neither limb nor muscle. This transformation seemed marvelous to me. while

I I was speaking, and to convince myself that it was no delusion, his. and found it to becompared, in my mind's eye, my body with

as first shown. 'When I had finished speaking, and the Spirit of

the Lord had, in a measure, withdrawn, he was again a large, portly man, as before, sitting in his large congress chair, and, in

604 IMPROVF.MENT ERA

comparison with him, T again dwindled to my natural size, sitting before him in my smaller chair.

When I concluded, he asked me, "Mr. Moench, what will you

do with me if I receive your gospel? I have a wife and nine

children, as you know, to support, and no other way of doing it only through my profession."I told him the Lord who heard the

raven's cry, and marked the sparrow's fall, would surely not forsake a man and his wife'with their nine lovely children, especially if he hearkened to and obeyed a direct command which the Lord had given him. I had no promise to make of a financial character

I was there to preach the gospel to him, and there my mission ended; and if he received it, he would have to trust to the Lord

for his help and guidance, as men of old had done, and as we were doing now.

Whether he ever received the gospel or not, or whether he is alive yet or not, I do not know. I heard, years afterwards, that he

inquired after ire, and that he made the remark, he never would be satisfied until he could be baptized and gathered with our people, for he knew the gospel was true.

Now as to wdiether the present awful war is in fulfilment of this vision, I know not; but if it is, most terrible consequences will

yet follow.

Verily, verily, God hears and answers prayers.

OGDEN, UTAH

Brothers

Homeless, though mansions fronted him;

Alone in the windswept street,

Though myriad faces drifted by;

Only the beat of stranger feet

Answered the bitter cry Of the vagrant, mocked by vain desire,

Hearthunger for the bread of life,

Love, and a waiting fire.

Homeless, though shut from dark and rain,

By gilded, stately walls;

Alone, though mirth and melody

Rang through the raftered halls:

The rich man sat by his cheerless hearth,

Mocked by vain desire For the sound of little pattering feet,

And love at his glowing fire.

Maud Baggari ey The Secret of Successful Presiding

BY J. H. DEAN

When one is called to any position of presidency, in the

Church, about the first feeling that enters the heart is, How may I gain and keep the love, respect and confidence of those over whom

I have been called to preside?

Throughout a somewhat lengthy and varied experience, the writer has made a study of the reasons why some succeed in this and others fail, and herewith offers some of his conclusions in the hope that presiding officers, especially in the auxiliary organizations of the Church, may find something that will be of help to them in solving this most important problem.

The scriptures say, "As with the priest so with the people,"and experience has taught me that, as the Sunday school super-

I. A. presiintendent, so with the Sunday school, as with the M.

dent and officers, so with the members. As with the Relief Society

president, so with the society. As with the bishop, so with his

ward. As with the teacher, so with the class, and so on throughout all the organizations of the Church.

An intelligent, bright woman was chosen to be president of a

Relief society. She attended all her meetings, was faithful in tithes

and offerings, charitable to the poor, always remembered her prayers, and taught her family to keep the Word of Wisdom, but she did'not keep it herself. She was a confirmed tea drinker.

One day she was sure she smelled tobacco when her sixteen year old. son Alfred came into the house. She led him into another

room and shut the door and, feeling in his pocket, found a sack of tobacco and cigarette papers. He admitted that he had been smoking for nearly two years. In her alarm the mother questioned

him severely and found that he took a glass of beer quite freit was offered him. quently, and drank coffee whenever

is it "And why shouldn't I, mother? You drink your tea,

any worse for me than for you, to do these things 'She was surprised to hear from him that her daugther Jane drank tea, though she took it on the "sly."

"And I tell you. mother,"said the son, "all the ward knows

it up to me on the street. They you drink tea, for the boys threw

"have heard their mothers calling you a hypocrite, and they say that if you, the Relief society president, can drink tea so can they.

And they are doing it."He called his sister Jane and made her

admit that she drank tea every time her mother did, and she

606 IMPROVEMENT ERA

also claimed the same right. The only thingshe was ashamed of

was that she had "sneaked it"in the pantry.

The mother was thunderstruck! and a deadly fear almost

deprived her of speech. All her life, when any dreadful calamity

threatened her, she had appealed to the Lord for help, and that was the first thought in her mind now. She asked her children to

kneel with her in prayer. But the son said he didn't feel like

praying. "What's the use of praying, mother? You say you can't

quit your tea, and I am sure I don't want to give up my tobacco and coffee, and I tell you what's what, mother, from now on I am not going to be a 'sneak!'If you are going to have your tea, I

want my coffee, and I'll think more of Jane if, instead of drinking her tea on the 'sly'in the pantry, she will take it at the table with her mother. If we can't keep the Word of Wisdom, mother, let's

quit being pretenders, anyway.'

And he picked up his tobacco sack and was about to quit the room. His mother begged him to wait a minute. Was it possible

her cup f tea was bringing all these dire calamities upon her

That th; sisters of the Relief society were drinking tea because

she did! That she was spoken of in the street as a hypocrite! She

felt sure now that this was why she had so little influence among the sisters; and maybe, already, she had lost control of her children. She took her son and daughter in her arms, and said,

"Children! I see that I am the transgressor in these things. I

have always thought I couldn't do without my tea, but now I covenant with you, in the most solemn manner, that I will never taste another drop as long as I live. Now, will you not make the

same covenant with me?"

The children's hearts were softened, in a moment, and the son said, "Now mother, you're talking. You're right, I'll make the

same covenant, and so will Jane, won't you, Jane?"fane who

was sobbing on her mother's shoulder nodded her head, and the mother and children wept together.

"And now, mother,"said Alfred, as soon as they had dried their tears, "I can't taper off, let's quit right here and now. Get

your tea and here's my tobacco. Let's put them in the stove together."And they did so, and Jane, to show her good will got

a hammer and smashed the tea pot.

This Relief society president, at the next society testimony meeting, told her experiences to her sisters. She confessed that

she had set them an evil example, and asked to be forgiven. She

asked how many of them knew she was a breaker of the Word of Wisdom, and she was surprised when every hand went up. Then

she tremblingly asked how many adopted this habit on account of her evd example, and her knees smote together when five of her sisters stood up.

THE SECRET OF SUCCESSFUL PRESIDING 607

"Well, sisters,"she said, "it's plain to me that I am unworthy to be your president, and I shall hand in my resignation to the bishop. I realize that what I have done is past recall, but if you

will tell me anything- 1 can do to help to make amends, I will surely do it."One Scotch sister jumped up and said, "I dinna ken why ye should resign, ye are more worthy now, to be our president than ever before."And the other sisters followed in the same strain,

and though this sister felt she should lay down her presidency, yet, by the advice of those over her, and the unanimous voice of the sisters of the society, she still presides over them. And her society

is one of the best in the Church.

That sister has found the secret of successful presidency.

Now, instead of being called a hypocrite, her humble repentance and reformation, have given her an influence for good with every member of the ward. And the parents who are trying to bring up

their children aright, feel that her example is a tower of strength is to help them. When the subject of the Word of Wisdom

mentioned in her presence, she doesn't quake and feel consciousstricken as she used to, but she can throw all herinfluence and power on the side of the word of the Lord.

At the dedication of one of our temples where none were admitted unless they had a card of invitation signed by the president of the Church, a small boy presented himself for admission. He

had no card, but he claimed he had a right to go in, for he had helped to build the temple. Elder John Henry Smith, of the

quorum of the Twelve, was close at hand and the doorkeeper referred the matter to him. Elder Smith took the child to one

side and, in his kind, fatherly way, listened to his story. He

said his Sunday school teacher had told his class, that if they would deny themselves candy, soda water and such like things for one year, and put together their nickels, dimes and quarters, she thought they would have sufficient to pay for the cutting of one stone in the temple, and then they would have a right to go into

And they the House of the Lord, for they had helped to build it.

had done so. Elder Smith took the little fellow in his arms and

! You shall go in! Many bigsaid, "God bless you, my little man

ger 'persons than you, though they have admission cards, can t say that they have helped to'build the House of the Lord."

I can imagine that boy a fine manly president of a deacons'quorum—one who will do things! One who will be a leader, and

And there is crying have an influence for good wherever he goes. man had, who need for such Sunday school teachers as this little

have faith and influence enough to get practical results from thenher lived a teacher such that to be told need don't classes. We sufwould have kind other blue."No was "true religion and

608 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ficicnt inspiration and influence with a class of innocent children to get them to make such a sacrifice.

A Sunday school superintendent was spending the clay at a pleasure resort. He was invited by some friends who were eating

their dinner, to join them. During the meal some bottles of beer

were opened, and a glass was offered to him. He was about to

take it, when he saw a little girl belonging to his Sunday school off at a little distance watching him, so he declined the beer. "Oh

take a glass,"said his friend, "it won't hurt you. Look at your

Church members all around you drinking it, are you better than they? There are lots worse things than taking a glass of beer."

He again glanced at the little child. Her eyes were still fixed upon

him and he said, "No thanks, I don't drink beer."

He felt like he wanted to be alone and got up and walked away. The little girl ran after him and took hold of his hand

and looking up lovingly into his face said, "Bro. 1 was

watching you over there at that table, / knew our Sunday school superintendent wouldn't drink beer."He glanced at her in a

frightened way, fearing she had read his thought; but no, she

had given him. full credit, in her childish heart, for having refused

the beer, because it was wrong to drink it. She didn't know that

if it hadn't been for her innocent eyes he would have drunk it.

After she had left him he sought a secluded place where he couldn't be seen and removing his hat asked his heavenly Father to forgive his unworthiness, and solemnly covenanted that, henceforth, he would be worthy the love and confidence of an innocent child.

But suppose he had drunk that glass of beer? It only cost

fivecents, and his friend would have paid that. But, what would

have been his loss? What would have been the consequences to

that little child? What would the harvest be? Who can estimate

it? Where would the consequence end? And what a tragedy

would have taken place in the heart of that little child. "Tragedy"

is none too strong a word. What is more beautiful than the love

and confidence that beams from the countenances of little children for whom they love? Parents know what it looks like, and if the

officers and teachers of our auxiliary organizations haven't seen it in the faces of those over whom they preside and teach, it is because they haven't desired it. I have never seen an angel, but

if an angel's face can show anything more heartsatisfying, soulinspiring, and wonderful, it must be beautiful indeed. Well isn't

anything that destroys this sweet, chidlish confidence and in its place plants suspicion and doubt, an awful tragedy? I wonder

how many such tragedies are happening every week in our homes and associations and cities! Isn't that the offense the Lord means

when he says: "Who shall offend one of these little ones that believe in me, it were better for him that a millstone were hanged

about his neck, and that he were drowned in the depths of the

THE SECRET OF SUCCESSFUL PRESIDING 609

sea."The offense that merits such a punishment must be as

serious and vital as death itself. And why shouldn't our lives be

blotted out if our example tends to evil, and to pull down and destroy the souls of our fellows?

"Well, but,"says one, "the drinking of a cup of tea or coffee or beer, or the smoking of tobacco are such small offenses. Is

that true? Is anything that is wrong small or insignificant? Is

one less a thief who steals a dollar than who steals a thousand?

It's the offense that is the crime, not the amount. Would it have

been a small thing if the usefulness and influence for good of that superintendent had been destroyed? Yet that is just what

would have happened, had he drunk that glass of beer. That

little girl, in her sorrow and disappointment, would have told her classmates and her family, and in a short time it would have been known throughout the whole ward.

It is considered a very proper and reasonable thing for a victorious army to take for their own use the flocks and herds of their enemies, but when Saul, King of Israel, took those of the

Amalekites, cost him his kingdom, for the Lord had commanded him to destroy every living thing. The sin was in the disobedience.

It would not lower the Pope of Rome, or the President of the

United States very much in our estimation if they smoked their cigars or pipes, but if President Joseph F. Smith should do such a

thing, it would shake the Church to its very foundation. Even

the smokers in the Church would be heartbroken and wonder how in the world he could do such a thing. Yet hasn't he as good

a right to indulge in these things as we have? Isn't our influence

and example as potent for good or evil in our sphere as his in his sphere? Haven't we made the same covenant? Are we not under

the same law?

Tea, coffee, tobacco and liquor are just as harmful to the world as to us, so far as the body is concerned, but we come under a condemnation that doesn't apply to them, for the Lord has told us that these things are not good, and has commandedus to refrain from them. And we are under covenant to keep his commandments. When we indulge in these things, we suffer a moral degradation as well as a phvsical hurt. We are covenantbreakers, and

feel selfcondemned. Non-"Mormons"can partake of these things

and will retain the respect and confidence of their wives and chilit is merely a habit or "weakdren and associates, for with them ness."But when we do these things, we are stripped of our

power and influence for good among the people. Even the non-

"Mormons"think less of us, for thev know that we claim to live above these things. In addition to the injury to the body which

perothers as well as we receive, we violate our consciences. A

son who persistently violates and smothers the voice of conHe is science weakens his powers to resist evil in other directions.

olO IMPROVEMENT ERA

a moral coward. He knows what is right but refuses to do it.

He lowers the flag of his high ideals. Such a one doesn't need the

day of judgment to condemn him; he is condemned already.

Are these small things? It's a small thing for a cow to

kick over a lamp, and yet such an insignificant accident burned up the great city of Chicago. No wonder that when Relief society

officers, Sunday school superintendents, M. I. A. presidents, Sunday school and other teachers are guilty of these small offenses that

they lose the influence and power necessary to make them successful in their work.

There is a growing sentiment throughout the Church that in order to be a successful presiding officer, one must be a strong personality, magnetic, educated, finelooking, well dressed, and not a "mossback."He must in short be "upto-date."And that

is true. It is a pleasure to look upon such a one. A great evil

among us today is mental laziness. So many of us are "back

numbers."Some one has paraphrased Maud Muller:

"Of all sad words of tongue or pen,

The saddest are these—He's a hasbeen."

Put there are a few small things that are additionally necessary. He must be virtuous and humble and prayerful. He must be

true to his covenants. He must be true to his brethren. He must sustain and speak well of those who are over him, and thereby prove

that he is worthy the love and support of those over whom he presides. Fie must keep the Sabbath day holy. He must keep his body

free from anything that would defile it. But why particularize? Let

us cover the whole ground in one sentence, he must be a genuine

Latterday Saint. One who is lacking in these, may please the eye,

tickle the ear, and even instruct the mind, but he imll leave our hearts cold and hungry. The Saints are hungry for heartfood,

and any presiding officer or speaker or singer who can touch their hearts and fill their eyes with tears, has a wonderful and marvelous power, and is always listened to with grateful attention.

When we find presiding officers who have been faithful, who have clean records behind them; who, notwithstanding their weaknesses and shortcomings, (and they will have plenty of them) have

nevertheless lived pure, consistent lives, when thev speak there is a light in the eye, an inspiration and a ring to the voice, and a convincing power and demonstration of the spirit, that the unfaithful and thr unclean are not entitled to and do not possess.

Verily: "It is the Spirit that giveth life."

Such presiding officers have found the secret of successful presiding.

KT'DMESA, COLO.

Urim and Thummim

BY JOEL RICKS

DEFINITION

In several places in the Bible, the old Jewish historians have left us references to a curious instrument which was given to the

High Priest who was to wear it upon his breast when he went into the holy precincts of the temple to officiate in behalf of the people;

but nowhere have they given us a description of what the instrument was. The Book of Mormon writers are a little more explicit as to its appearance and uses, but even they refer to it in such

meagre terms as these: "And now he translated them by the

means of these two stones which were fastened into the two rims of a bow."(Mosiah 38:13.) The Jaredite historian refers to the

instrument as two stones. (Ether 3:23.)

It is left to the Prophet Joseph Smith to give us definite information as to the appearance of the wonderful instrument which played so important a part as a revealer of mysteries in the various dispensations of the past. This is his statement, "With

the records was found a curious instrument, called by the ancients the Urim and Thummim, which consisted of two transparent stones, clear as crystal, set in the two rims of a bow."Compare

this clear statement with the following: "The Urim and Thummim were two small oracular images, similar to the teraphim, personifving revelation and truth, which were placed in the cavitv or

pouch formed by the folds of the breastplate, and which uttered oracles by voice."(Popular Bible Encyclopaedia, page 1,693.)

The description given by the Nephite writers and the Prophet

Toseph indicate that the instrument was very similar to a pair of old style spectacles, minus the appendage that passes over the ear.

HISTORY

first given to man Just when the Urim and Thummim was it wasmust* remain a mystery, but the first reference we have of when the brother of Jared received the instrument from the Lord.

This was somewhere near the year 2000 B. C. The brother of

Tared had been shown some wonderful visions which he was commanded to seal up that the world should not know of them until after the coming of Christ. He was also commanded to seal up

Whether the instrument wasthe two stones with his records.

612 IMPROVEMENT ERA

attached to the twentyfour plates found by the men of Limhi, and thus came into the possession of Mosiah, we are not informed, but from the statement of Moroni, (Ether 4:1-3) it is evident

that Mosiah received the records and passed them on down to

Moroni who buried them in the earth to be revealed 1400 years later.

It seems from the reference, in Mosiah 8:13, that the Nephite

prophets were the custodians of a Urim and Thummim of their own, which had been handed down from generation to generation long before the finding of Jaredite records, so it seems not improbable that for a period, at least, they had two of those instruments in their possession.

The first Bible reference to the Urim and Thummim, is made when Moses was preparing the robes of the high priest who was to administer in the tabernacle. After being instructed to put the

two onyx stones on the shoulders, and engrave on them the names of the twelve tribes of Israel, he was instructed to make a breastplate, of the bigness of a span, and to place in it four rows of stones, in rows of threes, and to engrave on each the name of one of the tribes. The breastplate was to be made double, and the

Urim and Thummim was to be placed within the breastplate and was always to be worn on the breast of the high priest when he went into the sacred precincts of the tabernacle or temple to officiate before the Lord. (Exodus 28:30.) It is generally understood that the Urim and Thummim was in the possession of the

Jews until the destruction of Jerusalem by the Babylonians, about 600 B. C, when it disappeared. After the return from captivity

the priests regretted its loss, and refused to determine certain matters until a priest stood up with the instrument who could adjust the matters satisfactorily.

Josephus is authority for the following, (Book 3:8) in regard

to the two stones set on the shoulders of the high priest

"But as to those stones, of which we told you before, the high priest bare on his shoulders, which were sardonyxes; (and I think it

needless to describe their nature, they being known to everybody);

the one of them shined out when God was present at their sacrifices:

I mean that which was in the nature of a button on his right shoulder, bright rays darting out thence: and being seen by those that were most

remote: which splendor yet was not before natural to the stone. This

has appeared a wonderful thing to such as have not so far indulged themselves in philosophy, as to despise divine revelation. Yet will I

mention what is still more wonderful than this: for God declared

beforehand, by those twelve stones which the high priest bare on his breast, and which were inserted into his breastplate, when they should he victorious in battle: for so great a splendor shone forth from them

before the army began to march, that all the people were sensible of

God's being present for their assistance. Whence it came to pass

that those Greeks who had a veneration for nur laws, because they could not possibly contradict this, called the breastplate the Oracle.

Now this breastplate, and this sardonyx, left off shining two hundred

URIM AND THUMMIM 613

years before I composed this book, God having been displeased at the transgression of his laws."

It is evident from the above that Josephus attributed to the stones in the breastplate the miraculous power of manifesting the

Divine will to the high priest and the people. Inasmuch as the

Urim and Thummim was lost about 600 B. C. and the stones in the

breastplate continued to shine down to about 200 B. C, it is clear

that there was no connection between the two.

The room in the temple where the high priest went to commune with God was without windows, and was therefore a dark place. This probably explains the statement of Solomon: "The

Lord said that he would dwell in the thick darkness."It is probable that the shining of the stones in the breastplate indicated to

the high priest the presence of the Lord, and gave light to the room.

THE PURPOSES FOR WHICH THE URIM AND THUMMIM WAS USED

This subject has been more widely discussed than any other, bearing on the Urim and Trummim, clue to the fact that the ancient writers failed to leave us an explicit statement of the uses of the instrument, thinking probably, as Josephus expresses it, "I think it needless to describe their nature, they being known to everybody."

There are a number of statements made by ancient and modern writers, which indicate quite clearly the uses of the instrument.

The following is from the Popular Bible Encyclopedia:

"The meaningof the words, Urim is rendered as Hawoo-reem, or lightsThummim is rendered vehhat-toommeem, or perfections. The

septuagint render them as revelation and truth. It is generally believed

that thee stones, in answer to an appeal to God, in difficult cases, indicated his mind by some supernatural appearance. It has been conjectured bv others that the resnonse was given in an audible voice to

the high priest, arrayed in full pontificals and standing in the holy place with his face towards the ark."

The translator of Josephus in a footnote, on page 87, says of the special shining bv the made were not answers these "I sav as the breastplate priest's in the high manner, after an awkward stones,: stones modern rabbis vainly suppose. For certainly the shining of!the

itself dehvwngftat without oracle the or accompany precede might seat between mercy the from voice but. rather by an audible oracle,

the cherubim."

That neither of these views is wholly correct is proved by the fact that David utilized the Urim and Thummim which had been carried awav from the tabernacle by the priest Abithar to obtain m sore information'from the Lord on several occasions when need On such occasions David sent for the ephod which conand Thummim, and the Urim tamed not that it is f.ZtltlIf it were immediate answer. an him gave God, who

614 IMPROVEMENT ERA

so evident that the Urim and Thummim was used as a medium in receiving these answers, we would incline to the opinion that the answers were by an audible voice, but the following quotations would indicate more clearly how the answers came "Now Ammon said to him, I can assuredly tell thee, O king, of a man that can translate the records: for he has wherewith that he can

look and translate all records of ancient date; and it is a gift from

God, and the things are called interpreters, and no man can look in them, except he be commanded lest he should look for that he ought not, and should perish. And whosoever is commanded to look in

them, the same is called a seer."(Mosiah 8:13.)

Moroni refers to the instrument as follows

"Wherefore the Lord hath commanded me to write them; and I

have written them. And he commanded me that I should seal them

up; and he also hath commanded that I should seal up the interpretation thereof; wherefore I have sealed up the interpreters according to

the commandment of the Lord."(Ether 4:5.)

"Joseph kept the Urim and Thummim constantly about his person, by the use of which he could in a moment tell whether the plates were in any danger. Just before Emma rode up to Mrs. Wells, Joseph,

from an impression that he had had, came up out of the well in which he was laboring, and met her not far from the house. Emma immediatelv informed him of what had transpired, whereupon he looked in

the Urim and Thummim, and saw that the record was yet safe."(History of Joseph Smith, by his Mother, page 104.)

On this subject David Whitmer says:

"A piece of something resembling parchment did appear (i. e., in

the Urim and Thummim), and on that appeared the writing, one character at a time would appear and under it was the translation in English."(An Address to All Believers in Christ, page 12.)

Martin Harris is quoted as saying:

"Ry aid of the seer stone sentences would appear and were read by tli c proohet and written by Martin and when finished he would say 'written'and if correctly written the sentence would disappear and another appear in its place; but if not written correctly it remained

until corrected."

"Some time after Mr. Harris begun to write for me, he began to

importune me to give him liberty to carry the writings home and show them: and desired of me that I would inquire of the Lord through the

Urim and Thummim. if he might not do so, I did inouire and the

answer was that he must not."(History of the Church, Vol. 1, page 21.)

The prophet often refers to its use in terms like this, "T innuired of the Lord through the Urim and Thummim and received the following."A difference of opinion arose between Oliver and

Toseoh which thev agreed to settle bv the Urim and Thummim.

An important revelation was received through the instrument in answer to their request URIM AND THUMMIM 615

"And now behold I say unto you, that because you delivered up those writings, which you had power given unto you to translate, by means of the Urim and Thummim, into the hands of a wicked man, you have lost them."(Doctrine and Covenants, Sec. 10:1.)

"That of which I spoke, which Joseph termed a key, was, indeed, nothing more nor less than the Urim and Thummim, and it was by this that the angel showed him many things which he saw in vision; by

which also he could ascertain at any time, the approach of danger, either to himself or the record, and on account of which he always kept the Urim and Thummim about his person."(History of Joseph

Smith, by his Mother, page 106.)

From the foregoing quotations it is clear that the Urim and

Thummim was not only used for the purpose of translating ancient records; but as a medium of communicating with God, also of

seeing visions of things past, present and to come. Understanding this, one can readily see the reason why the high priest was

commanded to wear it upon his breast continually, when he went into the sacred precincts of the temple to communicate with God.

The Tirshatah understood its importance as a medium of receiving divine instruction, and were not willing to act until a priest stood up with Urim and Thummim. We can now understand

how the two stones given to the brother of Jared were to magnify to the eyes of men, the sacred things which he had written. One

can readily see why David sent for the instrument when he desired to know the will of God pertaining to himself and people.

In fact, it makes plain many things which heretofore have been little understood, and throws greater light on the following extracts from the Doctrine and Covenants, Sec. 130:6-10:

they but earth, this like planet a reside on angels do not "The fire, glass and of a sea like globe a of God, on presence in the reside future present and manifestpast, are glory their for all things where resides God where The place Lord. the before continually are and imsanctified and in its earth This Thummim. and great is a Urim and will be crystal and a Unm unto like be will made state, mortal all things whereby thereon, dwell who inhabitants to The Thummim order lower a of all ngdoms k or kingdom, inferior an to per Zing ill be this w it; and on dwell. earth who those to manifest will be will 2.17, Revelations in mentioned stone white the Christ's Then one recede individual whe> each to Thummim and a Urim become all even kingdoms, of order higher a to pertaining things whereby

kingdoms, will be made known.'

LOGAN, UTAH A Cloud by Day

Marvelous Provision to Furnish Water for Drink

BY NICHOLAS G. SMITH, PRESIDENT OF THE SOUTH AFRICAN MISSION

When I received a call to come to South Africa, on a mission, my heart seemed to stop with a dull thud, and when I reached a telephone, and told my wife that it was South Africa, she said, "Oh what, to that horrid black place!"and burst into tears. My

mother, as she heard the name of the mission to which I was called, tried hard to hide the tears that rushed to her eyes, as she said: "You will do what the Lord wants you to do, my

son."My desire is best shown in the words of the song:

"I'll go where you want me to go, dear Lord,

Over mountain, or plain, or sea;

I'll say what you want me to say, dear Lord,

I'll be what you want me to be."

My object in writing this letter is to reach those who have received calls, and those who may receive calls, to come to this land; and let them know the advantages of coming to such a

blessed place.

In the first place, I might have asked to have my mission changed to a closer and as I thought a more civilized country.

But the authorities knew where they wanted me. I was not calling myself on a mission, but the servants of the living God had

designated the place where they needed me and wanted me to go.

Who was I that I could tell the Lord that he was mistaken, that

I was better needed elsewhere? I had fifteen days time to sell my

furniture and turn over business interests that really needed my attention, and get myself, wife and three children ready for a six weeks'journey to an unknown land.

The trip to England by train and boat, is without doubt a very interesting one and, of course, much talked about by the many people who make it; but it can not compare with the trip

from England to South Africa. A fact to which the few fortunate

ones who come here can testify.

Saving nothing about the cold, bleak, windy Atlantic which is so well known by our people, I will begin our trip at Southampton.

The evening was rather chilly as we sailed out past the needles into the North Atlantic ocean, but we were interested in watching the lights of other ships that were rising and falling,

A CLOUD BY DAY 617 so that we hardly noticed the cold. We walked up and down

the decks, which, by the way, are so much more roomy and attractive than the decks on the ships plying between Europe and

America, and wondered how we would stand another rough and.'uncomfortable journey for three weeks. We did not spend much

time on deck that evening as we were tired out from the day's business in arranging to embark, so we soon retired to our cabins which were much bigger and better than the ones across the

Atlantic. We slept well.

On arising in the morning we found that we were in the Bay of Biscay, with a clear sky, a smooth sea, and a most refreshing breeze. The weather was ideal and, in fact, continued so until we

arrived at Madeira, three days later. Really, it was a wonderful

sight to see the Island as we approached it, dressed in its tropical vegetation. Here we stopped for a few hours, and were surprised

to see, as we went ashore, the sleds that are drawn by oxen to take sightseeing crowds around the city over the pebblemade pavements which are worn very smooth. Beautiful handmade

laces are displayed on every hand by the Portugese inhabitants of the island.

After leaving Maderia we set our course due South and the next morning had the opportunity of seeing the outline of the

Canary Islands, as we passed them. This is the last land we

saw until we arrived in Table Bav fourteen days later. The

weather was grand all the way. Dances were held nearly every

eveirnoon the decks, and during the day all sorts of sports were indulged in. Over $500 were gathered up to be given out as

like, * Day after day, we wondered just what Cape Town was it or not. and whether the people would and whether we would like

be to our liking or not, or if it could compare with our own deal home in the mountains. Last, but not least, we wondered whether

the immigration officials would let us land in peace, or whether they would cast us into prison, and keep us thereuntil another boat should leave for England on which we could be deported

What intense excitement filled our whole souls when just before dawn, the propeller which had been pushing us through Wejumped the water for two weeks slowed down and stopped.

out of bed and stuck our heads out of.-/'S belleid Table Mountam with its dark outline against the sky, we

with hundreds of lights twinkling around its base which seemed: came and the water's edge. As daylight:dowto we felt the ship of deck the from city beautiful this on looked we mother old good upon to walk life very our give would U-iat we undesirthe with bureau detention the it be in though evln earth

ables om India"China, Italy, Greece, and the poor Russian Jew who has come to a land of freedom.

618 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Cape Town's main street, which is only about the length of two Salt Lake blocks, is Adderley Street. On it the shops all have

balconies which extend out over the sidewalk and protect you from the tropical sun, and the rain in wet weather. The shop

windows are all fixed up just as tastily as are the windows in our big stores in Salt Lake City. The sidewalks are always crowded

with people dressed in immaculate, white clothes, many without hats, but nearly all walking up and down to see how well other folks can dress.

American goods of all sorts can be purchased here, in fact, petroleum is the fuel of the country; and it comes from America.

Nearly everyone uses an American oil stove, and we pay twentyfive cents a gallon for our oil. Ford cars are everywhere to be

seen and cost $900.

Cape Town proper had a population, in 1911, of 67.170

people, 37,237 of the total being colored. With the suberbs Cape

Town extends almost around Table Mountain, and has a population of about 170,000 with about half of them colored. The

wholesale houses and factories are located right in Cape Town, and the laborers live in the nearest suberbs. Woodstock, where

we have a very nice branch of the mission, is where most of the laboring classes live. As you go on out around the mountain the

homes become more pretentious and the people have their auto's to travel in. The street cars are double deckers and run threefourths

of the way around the mountain, and this trip as viewed from the top story of the car, is the most beautiful one I ever took, notwithstanding the fact that I have visited most of the great and beautiful, cities of the world.

Tropical vegetation of every sort thrives here, and the statement is made that on Table Mountain alone there are two hundred more species of plant life than there is in the whole of England.

Chief among the number is the famous Silver Leaf tree which it is claimed is only found on the slopes of Table Mountain. The

blue and red gum trees, with their beautiful blue and deep red flowers, are everywhere to be seen; mighty oaks spread their

branches everywhere; eucaliptus trees and weeping willow, palms

of every sort, cactus and shrubbery of every imaginable kind, covers the earth. A peculiar thing is that nearly every kind of

vegetation bears flowers of some sort. The great fir trees that

have been planted all over the mountain, by the municipality, bring forth cones which produce a nut similar to our pine nut, but with a shell as hard as a Brazil nut.

November to March are the dry months, or summer time, as they call it here; and, during that time the grass and weeds all

die for want of moisture. We have had very little rain since

October, so you can see it is an easy matter for this tropical sun to destroy the plant life and bake the soil to such an extent that it

A CLOUD BY DAY 619

looks just like red brick dust. From March to October we have

rain most of the time in the afternoons, and when the season begins the vegetation springs up like magic, and the whole face of nature takes on a most beautiful hue.

To me the water supply is the most wonderful part of the general makeup of the city. In Africa the rivers are mostly dry

gulches in the summer time. Cape Town would be in serious

difficulty if she had to depend on rivers or snow for her water supply, in the summer. Herein lies the glory of Table Mountain.

Table mountain rises to a height of three thousand five hundred and eighty two feet (3,582) and is flat on top, with a general slope towards the south. Here the city has builded a number of

reservoirs which are filled with water from the clouds. In the

winter season, when it rains all the time, it is not so wonderful thai the reservoirs should be full; but in the summer time, when we

have no rain for three months, it would take a wonderful basin to hold enough water for one hundred and seventy thousand is where people with their domestic animals and gardens. Here

PROMENADE PIER AND TABLE MOUNTAIN, SOUTH AFRICA the Lord shows his power to a wonderful extent. During the that or a wind southeasters, called what are have we summer, is there that wind is blowing when; and southeast the blows from

a cloud that settles on the top of the mountain and extends down over the edes and has become known as the table cloth. I his it would think one would when days for there right remain cloud i which moisture is depositing it the while all and blow away; plains to the down brought then and reservoirs, the drained"into

there. living to all give life to below, account of how the children of read the we when marvel We

620 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Israel were cared for in their journey through the wilderness.

Manna was furnished to them for food, and living water gushed forth from solid rocks, at the magic touch of the prophet's staff;

and a cloud was set to lead them. Yet in our day we have our

heavenly Father showing his power in the selfsame way by a cloud, and by that cloud giving us drink day by day. People can

TABLE MOUNTAIN

With famous table cloth, as taken by Conference President June B.

Sharp, January 25, 1915.

see the divine when it is a long way off, but not when right at their doors.

Truly this is a civilized and a wonderful country, and my wife, with eyes sparkling and her cheeks flushed with happiness, as she looks at our three bonny boys, says, "I love this horrid black place, and I thank the Lord that he called us to such a lovely land to do our little part."

"MAGDALA,"CAPE COLONY, AFRICA

The Test

P.Y R. S. BEAN, HIGH SCHOOL STUDENT OF THE BRIGHAM YOUNG

UNIVERSITY

It was the first real work they had ever done, and the Boy's heart was halfexultant, halfanxious, as he drew the lines over his young; team and noted their quick response to every word and

touch. Would they stand the long strain? It was more than

they should have been asked to do. This the Boy knew better

than anyone else, but there seemed to be no alternative.

For a year previous, the lad had been caring for and training these babies of his, who were yet hardly three years old. The

mare was a fine gray, with a large frame well covered with muscle. Her eye, though kind, might have shown more spirit,

and her ears were not as alert as was desirable. The Boy knew

the signs and said "If she's ever overdone in her first year or two, she's no good any more."The horse, a sorrel, showed the same large frame, but his eye and ear indicated that he more than made up in courage what he lacked in muscle.

"He'll work her to death and not be tired,"prophesied the

Boy: "and she's better'n most of 'em."

With much patience he made them familiar with the harness, having halterbroken them as foals. Then with fall seeding came

first two, then three, then four hours a day on the drill, each working in turn at the side of a veteran who took the heavy end and the initiative. When winter set in, there was manurehauling

and starting with light loads and the old horse as a helper, each was taught how to pull; the loads increasing in size as they gained

confidence in their own strength and their driver.

Finallv the old horse was left out and the colts were hitched together. This meant light loading again while thev learned to

know each other. Never were thev loaded so heavily that there

was any doubt of their pulling it. Never were thev kept at work

until overtired. Gradually they showed signs of liking the harness; and when spring came the Boy was boasting:

*A story banded in as an exercise in English. It illustrates well what

Prof. N. L. Nelson insists upon as a cardinal principle of composition;

viz.: that young writers should make experience the basic themematerial, and learn to trust and draw upon their own native feelings

for color and emphasis. Editors.

622 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Hitch 'em to old Nebo, and I'll pull the earth backward!*'

Little did he realize how soon the test was to come.

Up at the head of the Sevier, the melting snows and spring rains were playing havoc. Swollen streams converging at the

Hatchtown reservoir had broken its banks, and the released flood was rushing down the valley, inundating farms and threatening it wasthe mammoth dam a hundred miles below; especially as

already severely strained under the unusual spring freshets. Higher

each day rose the water, as anxious farmers watched the big embankment for signs of weakness. Finally a seep appeared, then

a portion of the huge pile slipped, and a swift appeal went out for help.

A call just at oatseeding and harrowing time is not so readily responded to. Yet the crops of a thousand farmers below are in

danger. A hundred teams are needed at once. The appeal comes

home to the heart of every farmer within miles of the reservoir.

"But, Dad,"protested the Boy, "they're too young. It will

pull them to death."

"Go and do what you can. If they can't keep their place, pull

out and rest them occasionally, or load lighter."

So the Boy piled some hay and grain into the wagon, hitched up his pets, and started.

The next six hours seemed interminable. The road was

sticky and slippery, and the wagon, every rod or two, dropped into chuckholes to the hubs. The colts had difficulty in keeping

their feet, and the driver his seat. And to make conditions still

more disagreeable, a cold, drizzling rain fell all day.

The teams reached camp at last and the Boy busied himself for some time in caring for his darlings; all the while crooning

a boy's lovesong of mild chastisement.

"Oh, you noaccount mustangs! You ornery crowbaits! Ye

think ye're fine, don't you? Proud of yourselves? Why, you

cayuses! You've got nothin'to be proud of. Whew; but you're

dirty! For two cents I'd leave that mud on ye!"

A note of affection in the voice softened the banter, and belied the harshness of the words; and the expression on the Boy's

face, as he ran his eye over them during pauses in the work of grooming, showed an admiration and a love that only a lad can bestow on the first creatures he calls his own. Once, to a mischievous dig from the Boy, the horse responded with a playful

nip. Again, as he scratched the mare's jaw with his fingers, she

cease eating and, twisting her head to one side, lowered a muddy forehead at the same time. She was rewarded with a good massage

around the base of each ear, just where a colt most likes it.

"And you two plugs purtend to be good horses! Why, ye're

not growed up yet. Ye're only babies, and I bet you're homesick

right now."

THE TEST 623

Finally, between spells of loving and petting, he got them cleaned and blanketed. Then, while they contentedly munched

their grain, he went to find himself some supper and a bed.

Early next morning, while the rain was still drizzling, they toiled to and fro between chute and dam, slipping with every step, and occasionally dropping to their knees. The tongue worried

their necks with neverceasing jerks, as the wagon dropped into the numerous chuckholes in the road. It was enough to discourage more experienced horses, and the Boy wondered at the

way they responded, on the heavy pulls, to his clucking and kissing.

But this was just a beginning. How long could the younglegs stand that terrible pulling? Some of the more thoughtless

young drivers jeered at him, with his big team and small loads.

But though he flushed with anger, he refused to load beyond their strength. The older drivers smiled encouragingly at him; one or

two told him his colts were pretty good, and those men the Boy loved.

When quitting time came that afternoon, the colts were taking full loads, nor had they fallen back a single place in the line.

Moreover, the Boy had the satisfaction of pulling by one of the scoffers, who now stood up on his load and lashed and shouted at horses which were already too bewildered to know what was

: wanted of them. The Boy was not an angel so he halted and said

"Want me to pull it out for ye?"

(?) and dumped his The driver declined with many thanks

load where it stood. Then a friend gave him a roll on the wheel

to help free the wagon.

Thus ended the first day. But after being unharnessed, the

colts stood for some time without offering to touch their grain.

The Boy's heart ached, and his voice shook as he talked to them.

"What's the matter, Andy, old boy? You're not done up by

that little bit of plav, are ye? And you. Bird, shame on you, to

little. Come, get in sulk like this, jist 'cause we had to work a

on them oats; thev'll taste mightv good tonight."

After he had done considerable chiding and coaxing, slapping and patting them the while, they began to nose the grain around, and he went to his own supper with a light heart.

The second dav promised to be better than the first. The sun

came out and the footing got a trifle firmer. But after dinner

fine rain began falling again and the tracks were soon as bad

, as ever.....

Bv four o'clock the colts were showing indications ot weariness They took the hard pulls with difficulty. The careful

at random, placing of their feet was -one; they pawed the mud

: and when they stopped to slipping more and more all the time

breathe! there was a quivering of the muscles.

624 IMPROVEMENT ERA

it easy. Only "Steady, old boy. Come on, old girl. Take

three more trips now,"encouraged their small master, and they toiled on.

It was the last load. Two scrapers coming close together

across the chute had put on more than the usual amount of dirt.

As the Boy pulled away, somone said "He'll never make it. Those colts are ready to stop right

now.""That would be too bad,"said a grayhaired driver. "The

kid handles them well, and they are really fine."

The Boy heard, and knew that his own heart was entertaining the same doubt. So he breathed them at the bottom of the

first sharp pull, trying hard to steady his hand and voice with the usual slapping and crooning. Then

"Come, Bird; come, Andy,"accompanied by a longdrawn

kissing. They took the pull with a rush.

"Bad work, you cayuses!"remonstrated the Boy as they

rested at the top. "That's no way to pull. Take it easy now."

They moved on and started the next pull. Just at the crest

the mare slipped and both front feet went into a hole at once. She

struggled to regain her balance, leaned over against the tongue, and turned the front wheels out of the ruts into mud, stiff and sticky, and reaching almost to the hubs.

The colts stopped and both leaned back in the traces, trembling in every muscle. The Boy's heart dropped like a chunk of ice.

He seemed to realize that this was the end. At last the thing he

had so long feared, had come: they were discouraged and "stuck."

it must not be! They would pull But no! It could not be—

it with a minute's rest. He got down from the wagon, patted

and rubbed them, swore at them lovingly, picked up their feet and cleaned the dirt out of them, then rubbed their shoulders vigorously. Climbing back upon the seat, he gathered his lines

and spoke.

The horse started, but the mare made not a move. The fall

had evidently taken the last bit of nerve out of her.

By now a long string of loaded wagons were waiting for him to move on, and those going back empty had stopped to look on. However, as most of them had on their last loads and were

intensely interested in the outcome, they cared little for the delay.

"Better let us pull you out,"said one. "They're done. You

see she won't start."

"Thanks: but I want to know she won't,"said the lad and

got down again.

He dug up the dirt under their feet, cleared it from in front of the wheels a little, pushed the horse back against the wheel, and led the mare up as far as possible. Then he was ready for a

last try.

THE TEST 625

"Steady now, Andy. Easy, boy."

The horse leaned out in the collar. The mare feeling the

weight, responded in like manner, refusing from force of habit to be so easily thrust back.

"Come, Andy, come now."

The horse crouched and leaned harder and harder, the mare gradually responding as the weight on her end of the evener increased. Now they were straining every muscle!

"Gee, now, Andy! Get up, boy! Bird! don't you come back

now!"They leaned to the right and the nigh front wheel moved in its bed of mud.

!""Get down there, you cayuses! Take it away. Now

A shout arose from the onlookers as the wagon moved, rolled back into the ruts, and went on its way.

When the Boy was alone with his pets, he buried his face in their manes to hide the tears of happiness that involuntarily welled up in his eyes.

The next morning was bright and clear. The work of the

night shift had put the dam out of danger, and the water was slowly falling in the reservoir as it rushed out through the wideopened gates.

So the Boy did not go to work that day, but turned his pets toward home. Though their muscles were stiff from the strain,

they responded to his voice; and he knew that though sorely tried

their spirits had not been broken.

OLD "MORMON"FORT, NEAR FLAGSTAFF, ARIZONA

Missionaries

BY GEORGE D. KIRBY

[The author was recently asked to prepare a farewell address to be given at an entertainment by the Seventies, to seven of their number who were leaving on missions. In sending it to the Era for publication, he says: "1 cannot claim entire originality, as I read some sermons preached by different ministers, as well as by President Anthon

II. Lund and Elder Nephi L. Morris; and the latter part of my remarks is taken, with slight alterations, from a sermon preached October 8, 1905, by Elder Rulon S. Wells."—Editors.]

The question of missionary work, or evangelism, is of the greatest importance, when considered in all its scope. It is the

greatest work in all the world. What constitutes a missionary?

Not only the one who bears the message of the word of God, but the one who bears the messsage most effectively and understands it and lives it thoroughly. The missionary must have a

personal acquaintance with the Savior, love him, and also love his fellowmen. There are millions of people in the world who

cannot be reached by the Church as a body, and this great mass of humanity must be reached by our elders through personal evangelism. God works for humanity through men and women. When

he wants to warm a human heart, he takes another human heart and places it beside the one he wants to touch.

In the work of missionaries, we have a great teacher in the life of Christ. He won many of his followers through his personal

efforts, rather than in his talks to the multitudes. If you want

to be followers of Jesus Christ, you must be workers for him.

It may take sacrifice on your part to bear the message, but to the one who receives it, it means much. Selfcontrol is one of the

most conspicuous characteristics of missionaries. They accept

poverty and adversity with serenity and cheerfulness, and pursue their purpose with an abiding sense of their personal responsibility. There are no limits to the possibilities of faith. The

Savior invites us to a greater zeal; God knows our ability and

what we do is done under the divine eye.

If we are to realize certain results, we cannot minimize missionary labor. Christ's last command was, "Go ye into all the

world and preach the gospel."Three things must go with the

preaching; humility, pure example, and aggressiveness as against

sin; holding up before the world the living God.

The question has been asked: "What is the best way for

MISSIONARIES 627

a man to win his fellowman to an active and useful life for God and humanity?"I would suggest: The most effective way is

that of personal missionary effort. The humblest as well as the

greatest men are to be used by the Lord in this persistent propagation of the gospel. I believe that according to the modern working of God's providence will the world be saved, not so much by

the striking efforts of great leaders as by the faithful toil of the rank and file of the men and women who follow Christ. Only

one Niagara thunders forth its vapory anthem for one continent.

1 ut multitudinous meandering streams flow on their mighty mission of fertilization all over the land. Every Latterday Saint

should be a wellspring of salvation, that flows over and out to all thirsty souls who come within their range of effort.

The young men of the Church should be encouraged to look forward to a mission as an important event in their lives, and they should prepare themselves spiritually and financially to accept a call when it comes. One who gives two or more years of his life

to the work of preaching the words of salvation comes back better equipped for the problems of life. He has been made stronger

and broaderminded by his experiences while away from home.

It is a blessing to a young man to be called upon a mission. He

has an opportunity to visit other lands and other peoples. This

has an educational value. It tends to broaden his views of life.

Then again, he is prevented from becoming selfish, for he must leave at home the business of acquiring riches, and go forth, without pecuniary compensation, paying his own expenses, or relyor friends. relatives his ing'upon the Latterday Saints are a peculiar said that been It has

reople and sometimes I have wondered in what did this peculiarity consist. Wherever we go, we find that we are somewhat different from the rest of mankind, so much so that we are pointed

out and observed. In fact, we might say we are the observed

Many times it of all observers, when we get out into the world.

has been said of our missionaries, "Your men are different from Why is it? oursthey seem to be a different class of people.'

Is it not the effect the gospel of Jesus Christ is producing among the Latterday Saints? If we are living in harmony with the make those teachings of the gospel, it will have the effect to

is an influence that peculiarities still more pronounced. There

among the peo- o-oes with the gospel of Jesus Christ that is felt

I do not wish to conple of the world with whom we associate.

vey the idea that we have so far advanced and become so perfect that we claim to be holier than the rest of mankind, but I do wish to convey the idea that there has been an effect wrought upon the opened It has religion our as a direct result of world the at life look to caused us It has understanding. of our eyes

have been enlightened In from an entirely different view. We

628 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the power of the Holy Ghost conferred upon us when we entered into covenant with -the Lord. The peculiarity that is more prominent with us than all others is the spirit of love. The spirit of

the gospel is the spirit of love, and there have been exhibitions of that love in the whole career of the Latterday Saints.

In pursuance of this quality, which so distinguishes us from other peoples in the world, our young men leave their fathers and their mothers, their wives and children, and go out into the world without remuneration to proclaim the glad message of great joy. Oh! what a wonderful manifestation of love towards their

fellowmen. Where in all. the world can such a thing be found,

other than among the Latterday Saints? There may be isolated

instances of great devotion on the part of men who are sincere and honest in their motives; but where, upon the face of the whole

earth, will you find a whole community who are willlirig to make this sacrifice, because of the love which they hold towards their fellowmen? The spirit of this work, the spirit that impels these

young men to go out into the world, distinguishes them whereever they go, and manifests iself in the spirit of love. You do not

hear of the missionaries of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints being full of hatred and venom and seeking whom they can destroy; you do not find them laying traps, or disseminating falsehood, or doing that which will bring their opponents into

discomfort. No; you will find them laboring for the salvation

of the souls of the children of men. You will find them going from

door to door, holding forth upon the corners of the streets, and encountering all kinds of opposition. You will find them proclaiming the fact that God hasspoken from heaven and restored

to earth his everlasting gospel. You will find them traveling

without purse and without scrip, ofttimes going hungry, and submitting to great indignities and privations. These are not acts

of men filled with the spirit of hate, but they are impelled by the spirit of love, a spirit to benefit and bless their fellowmen. There

is a spirit of peace that accompanies them in their ministrations;

there is an influence which they carry with them of which they themselves seem to be unconscious. They do not realize the great

force and influence that is with them when they go out into the world. The influence that impels the Latterday Saints is the

soirit of the gospel, which is the spirit of love. God is love, and

if we possess his Holy Spirit it will manifest itself in acts of love. The man who is in possession of the Spirit of the Lord

carries with him an influence that is a strange thing in the world, and it will cause those who come in contact with him to recognize the fact that he is different from the majority of mankind.

In the 121st section of the book of Doctrine and Covenants you will find these words MISSIONARIES 629

"45. Let thy bowels also be full of charity towards all men, and

to the household of faith, and let virtue garnish thy thoughts unceasingly, then shall thy confidence wax strong in the presence of

God, and the doctrine of the Priesthood shall distil upon thy soul as the dews from heaven.

"46. The Holy Ghost shall be thy constant companion, and thy

sceptre an unchanging sceptre of righteousness and truth, and thy dominion shall be an everlasting dominion, and without compulsory means it shall flow unto thee for ever and ever."

If the Latterday Saints will allow their hearts to go out in sympathy and love for their fellowmen, and especially for me household of faith, their faith will grow stronger, day by day;

they will increase in the knowledge of God, and their confidence shall wax strong in his presence, and this doctrine of the priesthood shall distil upon their souls as the dews from heaven. Their

whole being will be lit up by the power of the Spirit of God, and this power will make itself felt among the people of the world.

This is the great advantage we have received in yielding obedience to the gospel. It is in this regard that we are different from the

rest of mankind. This is not saying there are not millions of

good people upon the face of the earth who desire to do the will of the Lord. But I would say to such that if they will also accept the truth as it has been revealed from heaven, the same

power, the same gifts, and the same influence, will distinguish them from the rest of mankind. It is the marvelous power of the Spirit

of God; the doctrine of the priesthood distilling upon the souls of

those who allow their hearts to go out in sympathy and love toward their fellowmen, and who manifest that love in going out into the world to proclaim the truth as it has been revealed from heaven It is the same love that imbued the Savior of the world when he gave his life for the salvation of men. Greater love than

this hath no man, that he will lay down his life for his friends. It

is that love that impelled the Prophet Joseph Smith to lay down his life and to go as a lamb to the slaughter. It is that love that

impels 'the servants of the Lord in this day to take their lives in their hands and go into the world, which is so full of hatred and prejudice against the work of the Lord. Those who rise up m against the Latterday Saints, what justification can they find

that? What spirit is it that imbues the men and women who

disseminate falsehood and misstatements, which have the result of arousing prejudice and hatred toward the Latterday Saints r

What spirit is it that impels men and women to raise their voices against men whom they know to be honorable men of virtue and integrity for the purpose of blackening their lives and making

i them appear in the eyes of the world as men of the vilest character

Contrast this spirit with the spirit that animates our missionaries It seems to be the heritage of the Saints to be hated of the world and to have all manner of evil spoken against them 630 IMPROVEMENT ERA

falsely. It was so in the case of the Savior himself. It was so

with the prophets and holy men who have spoken under the inspiration of the Spirit of God. It is that which has helped to

distinguish them in the different periods of the world's history.

They have always stood out prominent among the inhabitants of the earth, and their names have been had for good and for evil in all the world. The name of the Savior himself was had for

good and evil. The prophets of God have been despised and hated

and stoned to death. The Latterday Saints in this day and age

of the world are no exception. They are spoken evil of by

those who possess an evil spirit, and they are spoken well of by those who are honest in heart.

Having said this much about the peculiarities of our people, let us, my brethren and sisters, continue to be a peculiar people.

Let our influence be felt wherever we go. Let it be said of us

that we are indeed a peculiar people, in this, that the love of God abounds in our hearts, and that we seek to build one another up, not to tear down. When we come in contact with the people of

the world let them feel that we have no spirit of hatred toward them, no spirit to tear down, but that in the depths of our hearts we desire to save their souls and to do them good. This

gospel is the gospel of Jesus Christ, the power of God unto salvation; through the instrumentality of the Prophet Joseph

Smith it has been restored to earth, never again to be taken away, and never again to be thrown down; those whom God has chosen

to stand at the head of his people, today, are inspired of him and possess the spirit of their calling. I pray that God may help

us all to attain this testimony for ourselves, and to uphold and sustain his servants with all our hearts.

SUGAR CITY, IDAHO

Only Two'Elders Left, but the Work Goes on

Elders Howard M. Andreasen and J. Frank Petersen, the former

.of Tremonton, Utah, and the latter of Preston, Idaho, write from

Rergen, Norway, March 10: "We are the only two elders in this district left to care for the Bergen conference of the Scandinavian mission. We have four branches to oversee,—Aalesund, Haugesund,

S'avanger and Bergen,—but manage to look after the Saints and at

the same time to do some trading and visiting with friends and investigators. Our meeting place here is not the best, as we cannot well

accommodate strangers as we should. We hope the future will bring

a change for the better in regard to our accommodations. We look

forward to receiving several applicants for baptism in the near future.

The Saints are helping along the work very much. We have a fully

organized Sunday school. Relief society and Mutual in each of the

fur branches, and all of these are doing a good work."

In Memoriam

Yea, all the dead of ages slumber still,

And their lost voices come to us no more

They rise not up, come forth on plain or hill,

Ascend to life from ocean's sunken floor.

They lie, the friend and foe, as they have lain

To time of peace the time of tumult yields

Who died for Thee or in Thy name were slain,

In grassy mounds on countless battlefields.

Wing we our eager feet, or weigh, with lead

With deeper knowledge shall the game be won?

In trust shall we above our cherished dead,

With ashen lips repeat, "Thy will be done"?

fail,Yet not Thy words, O Christ, nor love shall

More sweet with years Thy teaching ever sounds;

May we the heights of Thy completeness scale,

And know beyond dead formalism's bounds?

Yea, unto doubt itself Thou bring'st a hope,

Unbound by selfish or by narrow creed

Yea, still thy mighty love of boundless scope,

With cross we follow where Thy footsteps lead

ALFRED LAMBOURNE The Psychology of the War

BY DR. JOSEPH M. TANNER

For the past twenty years the war in progress has been more or less in the mental frameup of the various nations now engaged in it. Each of the nations has not only calculated its own superiority at arms, but has also figured out the weaknesses of its probable antagonists. What these nations have thought and expressed

of themselves and one another has given to the world a mental picture of the events which would take place on the field of battle.

It is interesting, in view of what is taking place, to recall what we may term the psychology of the war.

The nation which has drawn the most complete mental picture of what would take place is beyond all question Germany.

The Germans as a consequence built up the most wonderful fighting organization the world has ever known. Their wars with

Denmark, in 1864, with Austria, in. 1866, and with France, in

1870, made Germany the most feared of all military countries of

Europe. They also created a national selfconfidence that gave

rise to the glorification of war in the minds of the people of that vast empire. The acquisition of large and valuable territory, the

confederation of the Teutonic race, and the indemnity of $1,000,- 000,000 from France, made the German people quite generally believe that to them, in the future, war would mean vast benefits in commerce, in territory and in dominance as a European power.

They never admitted the possibility of defeat; indeed, they never

dreamed that such a contingency was possible. They were as confident of their future military exploits as the other nations were

fearful. True, they did not anticipate such an array of opponents,

nor did the statesmen of Europe generally believe that such a combination against Germany was possible. The diplomatic contests

of the past twenty years have shown this selfconfidence on the one side, and the fear of German arms on the other. It has taken

five years of a threatened outbreak to brace up the leading nations, now opposed to the dual alliance, to muster courage enough to accept the challenge of the Germans when they pressed into the foreground of diplomatic contention the threat of war. The result

has been the cautious diplomatic preparation of the Allies on the one hand, and the reckless diplomacy of the Germans on the other.

Bismarck's shrewd isolation of all other nations when he undertook war with any one of them has been grossly neglected in

Germany's preparation for war. The counsels of that old pilot of

THE PSYCHOLOGY OF THE WAR 633

state who was so ruthlessly dropped have not onlybeen disregarded, but have been directly opposed. With the emperor, strategy has been everything, diplomacy, nothing.

France was fearful, but she was at the same time revengeful.

Every approach to national friendship offered by the Germans she rejected. She nurtured social and political antagonisms. They

in turn aroused in Germany a determination further to humiliate

France. The French knew their comparative helplessness, and

sought alliances that aggravated the Germans.

The English saw in the naval program of Germany a danger to her supremacy upon the seas. She asked Germany to take a

naval holiday for a year or two that the burdens of the people of the two countries might be lessened. The answer was more German dreadnaughts. The English believed themselves impregnable

upon the seas, and they were as overconfident in their naval supremacy as the Germans were in their supremacy on land.

Russia was fearful. The unexpected had happened in her

war with Japan. That war had made the Russians more or less a

negligible quantity in the German mind.

Italy was a part of the Triple Alliance. She might fight for

Germany and Austria, under certain circumstances; but she did

not anticipate a war with England, against which she could hardly be induced to fight.

Germans have been heard to say that the English soldier was no good, that one German soldier was good for from three to a half dozen Englishmen. When war broke out, the German agent,

whose mission it was to keep England out of the war. confidently

informed Sir Edward Grey that the assistance of the English on land would be of no consequence to France. On the other hand,

Lord Churchill proposed to go over to the German coast and dig the German navy out like rats.

Again, consider the mental attitude of the European nations in the "matter of the fortifications of the Dardanelles. Writers

generally, for the past two decades, have regarded that waterway as impassable. Certain forts, particularly those of Antwerp, were

considered impregnable.

Such were quite generally the mental conceptions of the world when the present war broke out. The best informed men

have been compelled to admit their disappointment or surprises.

This war has taught us the dangers of any mental calculations s that do not make ample allowances for the unforeseen, for God rights as an arbiter in the destinies of nations.

; the German "Tommy Atkins is a real fighter of the first order

submarine has astounded the world, and Russia has surprised even military experts. It looks as if the passage of the Darda-

1 nelles might now at this writing be forced. Thirty years ago

1 travhad the captains of merchant vessels point out to me, as

634 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ersed that waterway on different occasions, the impregnable forts which lined it, and I heard the absolute assurance of English,

French and Russians, that its passage by war vessels was not even thinkable. What a strange contradiction of opinions and facts

Heretofore war has been an affair of two or three nations at most, at one time. There was an alliance to crush Napoleon; but

today we must admit our surprise at the spectacle of all Europe at arms, or what promises to be the most universal war any continent or even all the world has ever witnessed. The end is not

yet. All Europe is frenzied by the spirit of destruction. In the

presence of such devastation and loss of human life, what an impotent thing is even the imagination

Perhaps it is best to conclude that more and greater surprises await us; that God is a reality in the history and destiny of this

world; and that our calculations which do not make conservative

allowances for his interventions are never safe.

Memorial Day

Today we scatter the blossoms Wet with our sorrowing tears, O'er the mounds where lie the ashes

Of heroes of bygone years.

We mark with the nation's emblem

Each valiant soldier's grave Who answered the call with his lifeblood

His warracked country gave.

Today we scatter the blossoms,

With service of sonsr and prayer,

And glimpses of wartime horrors

That veterans with whitening hair

Recall from a past unforgotten:

Pray God that this glorious land

Such terrible toll from her people

May never again demand.

Today we scatter the blossoms With a prayer for the lands afar,

That are numbed with the awful anguish

Of the world's most appalling war.

For the unburied dead and the dying 'Mid the terrible scenes that are,

We would plant the Savior's emblems—

The Lily, the Cross and the Star.

And while we scatte'r the blossoms

For the dead with a lavish hand,

Let us remember the living Who battle for peace in the land.

With blossoms of praise encourage

The loyal and faithful ones, Who would for the good of the nation

Spare the blood of her sons.

EUGENE, OREGON Mrs. L R Roylance

A Hand on My Shoulder Not for one hasty word spoken,

Did my heart lay crushed and broken,

Now newly torn and bleeding.

Months of coldness and censure

I had met with, lone and pleading,

Until my heart was sore and bruised.

Courage, hope, and faith were gone,

Still love had kept my heart strong.

Labor had multiplied, burdens had grown,

Constant toil, selfdenial for love unreturned,

Had smitten my strength; my life it had burned,

Until I was done, my grip I had lost.

I felt my feet slipping, fast slipping down;

I knew I was losing my place, my hold

On the pathway of duty, a pathway of gold.

Surging below me, awaiting my fall,

The River of Despair for my ruin did call.

Out in the night away from the eyes of men,

My soul cried to God, to save me from those I loved

Who loved me not.

I heard a sound, light as a babe's footstep,

Felt a shadowy presence, an angellike peace;

A hand was laid on my shoulder,

An arm slipped around my neck,

A voice, that I knew in the troubles of boyhood,

Spoke to me, now, words of healing, then:

"My boy, I am proud, so glad of your strength,

Your patience to suffer in silence; like Jesus

To love and be true. I never knew you till now.

My suffering, my sorrow, my pain, are rewarded,

In you I have joy."A light pressure of the arm

About my shoulders, a warm kiss on the forehead.

And Mother was gone. Gone from my side.

God had answered my prayer, My strength had come back, my heart was renewed.

Years have passed by, my mother has gone to her rest;

Rut never has hope, or strength, or heart failed me.

My joy has been full to this day, since my mother,

So small, so weak, so timid, so mighty,

Lay her hand on my shoulder that night.

K WSVILLE, UTAH E. VOL

Editors'Table

General Condition of the Church

At the opening session of the 85th Annual General conference,

April 4, 1915, President Joseph F. Smith expressed himself as

follows in regard to the general condition of the Church "There never has been a time, at least within my remembrance, when the Church was in a better condition, spiritually and temporally, than it is today. I do not believe that there has ever been

a time when the organizations of the various quorums of the priesthood were more nearly perfect or more diligent than they are at present; or when the stakes of Zion were more properly guarded,

and their interests watched, by those who are presiding over them, than they are today. I believe that our general and auxiliary

organizations of the Church, also the standard organizations of the priesthood, are performing their duty quite as well now, and I think somewhat better, than at any previous period of the Church's history. Why should it not be so? We are not 'ever learning and

never coming to a knowledge of the truth.'On the contrary, we

are ever learning and we are ever drawing nearer to a proper comprehension of the truth, the duty and the responsibility, that devolve upon members of the Church who are called to responsible positions in it. Not only does this apply to those members who are

called to act in responsible positions, but it applies to those who may be termed 'lay members;'if we may use such a term with

reference to members of the Church of Testis Christ of Latterdav

Saints."

Duty of Parents to Children, and Officers to Members

One of the important instructions given by President Joseph

F. Smith at the late annual conference related to the duty of

parents to teach their children the principles of the gospel. Some

of the stakes have adopted a home evening for this purpose, upon which the children are gathered together once each week to spend the evening with their parents, at which time the parents take special delight in teaching them, among other things, the principles of the gospel. Here is what President Smith stated upon the

subject: "A great and important duty devolving upon this people is to teach their children, from their cradle until they become men and women, every principle of the gospel; and to endeavor, as far as

EDITORS'TABLE 637

it lies in the power of the parents, to instil into their hearts a love for God, the truth, virtue, honesty, honor and integrity to every thing"that is good. That is important for all men and women

who stand at the head of a family in the household of faith. Teach

your children the love of God. Teach them to love the principles

of the gospel of Jesus Christ. Teach them to love their fellowmen,

and especially to love their fellow members in the Church, that they may be true to their fellowship with the people of God. Teach

them to honor the priesthood, to honor the authority that God has bestowed upon his Church for the proper government of his

Church. The house of God is a house of order, and not a house

of confusion; and it could not be thus, if there were not those who

had authority to preside, to direct, to counsel, to lead in the affairs if it wereof the Church. No house would be a house of order

not properly organized, as the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is organized. Take away the organization of the

Church.and its power would cease. Every part of its organization

is necessary and essential to its perfect existence. Disregard,

ignore, or omit any part, and you start imperfection in the Church and if we should continue in that way, we would find ourselves like those of old, being led by error, superstition, ignorance-, and soon leave outby the cunning and craftiness'of men. We would

here a little and there a little, here a line and there a precept, until we would become like the rest of the world,—divided, disorganized, confused, and without knowledge, without revelation or init spiration, and without divine authority or power. Of course,

is very necessary that those who preside in the Church should learn thoroughly their duties. There is not a man holding any position

of authority in the Church who can perform his duty as he should in any other spirit than in the spirit of fatherhood and brotherhood toward those over whom he presides. Those who have authority

:; they should not be arbitrary should not be rulers, nor dictators

they should gain the hearts, the confidence and the love of those over whom they preside, by kindness and love unfeigned by gentleness of spirit, by persuasion, by an example that is above reproach and above the reach of unjust criticism In this way in the kindness of their hearts, in their love for their people, they lead them in the path of righteousness, and teach them the wax example: and by precept both them, to saving salvation, by of

I his v orld. of the Redeemer the head, our I follow me, as Follow

is the duty -of those who preside. The duty of the high councils

of the Church, when they are called to act upon questions involvmembers of the C nurcn is ing the membership or standing of the to find out the truth, the facts, and thenjudge according to the;always understanding to their brought that are facts truth and the in with the spirit and and kindness love mercy, with tempered Our mission their souls to save and not to destroy and cast out.

638 IMPROVEMENT ERA

is to save, not destroy; our aim should be to build up, and not to

tear down. Our calling is to convey the spirit of love, truth, peace

and good will to mankind throughout all the world; that war may

cease; that strife may come to an end, and that peace may prevail."

Our Thankfulness for Peace President Joseph F. Smith expressed himself as follows upon

this subject:

"I thank God, my heavenly Father, as you do, every one of you present here today, and as do all the people of the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, that our land is at peace, as much as it is. I am sorry that there should be any internal disruptions, divisions, or contentions existing at all, among the various organizations of the people of our land. I am sorry that there

should be strife. If they had the true spirit of the gospel of Jesus

Christ they would not have strife; they would cease to harbor

feelings of contention and strife; if trouble came they would meet

together and deliberate in the spirit of wisdom, meekness and humility, invoking the blessing and spirit of Almighty God upon their deliberations and counsels, and calmly decide together upon that which would be for the common good, and then go as one man to do that which is necessary to build up the nation and the country in which we dwell. I am glad that we have kept out of

war so far, and I hope and pray that we may not be under the necessity of sending our sons to war, or experience as a nation the distress, the anguish and sorrow that come from a condition such as exists upon the old continent. Oh God, have mercy upon the

poor children in Europe, and throughout the world, who are brought under the awful conditions that exist there because of the ambition and pride of men who claim the right and power to dictate, even to life or death, the conduct of the people over whom they rule. "My brethren and sisters, God is with you; the Lord is with

this people; and if we will be his children, in very deed, as he is

in very deed our Father, I tell you that God will temper the elements for your good; he will bless you with health; he will bless

vou with abundance; he will bless the earth and make it fruitful.

Those who reap their harvests by the toil and sweat of their brows, from mother earth, will have bounteous harvests, if they will only serve God in their hearts and in their outward life. I feel just

as sure of this as I do that I am standing before you here."

The Tithing of the Latterday Saints and its Expenditure

President Joseph F. Smith in his opening address at the April

conference called attention to the fact that the Presidency have not the means to provide as amply as they would like for the necessities of the poor. He called attention to the tithing record

EDITORS'TABLE 639

containing the names of the members of the Church who do not pay their tithing, and told the people that they need not wonder why the Church has not more means to provide for the poor, when so many were upon the delinquent tithing record. He stated that

the Presidency were doing the best they could with the means they have on hand, and then he read the following statement, with comments, of what the Presidency are doing with the means that the people have consecrated to the Lord for the upbuilding of Zion:

"The general Church Auditing Committee has examined the receipts and disbursements of the tithes of the stakes of Zion and missions, also the accounts of the Presiding Bishop's Office, and the accounts in the office of the Trusteein-Trust. Their report

will be rendered before the close of the conference, I suppose.

The following report will show how the tithing of the Church, for the year 1914, has been disbursed. Now I am taking a liberty

that has not been indulged in very much; but there have been so

many false charges made against me, and against my brethren, by ignorant and evilly disposed people, that I propose to make a true statement which will, I believe, at least have a tendency to convince you that we are trying to do our duty the best we know how:

"Means expended for the erection and maintenance of stake tabernacles, ward meeting houses, amusement halls, and other stake and ward expenses for 1914 $730,960 "For the maintenance of the Church Schools during the same year 330,984 "For the maintenance of our temples, four, from St. George

to Logan...... 64,508

"Disbursements in the missions, for the erection of mission houses, general mission activities, and for return fares of missionaries, during 1914 227,900 "For the maintenance of Church buildings and Church institutions, including the Temple Block and the Presiding

Bishop's Office 99,293 "For the completion and maintenance of the Latterday-

Saints'Hospital, during that year 136,727 "To explain why this happens to be so much, I may say that we have built a very beautiful and convenient addition to the hospital, which has made this expense much greater. One

who knows, who has had experience and seen, says that the

William H. Groves'Latterday Saints Hospital is one that

would be a credit to any country in the world.

"For the erection of the Cardston Temple, Canada 52,647 "For the erection of the new Church office building, which...... already erection, of is in course. J28,663116,6 out of the general tithing funds. the worthy poor to "Paid

"This amount out of the tithing; there are other funds besides it that have been used for the poor.

"These appropriations and application of the tithing ot the

Latterday Saints, for the year 1914, amount to $1,85/,y-u "Now some people have reported that the tithes of the Church amount to millions every year, and Joseph F. Smith has the abso-

040 IMPROVEMENT ERA

lute control of all these millions, and never gives any account of them to the world, nor to anybody else. Now we are not giving

this to the world; we are giving it to the Latterday Saints. These

amounts which I have read, I think it may be proper to state here, cover the entire tithing of the Church in all the world, for the year 1914. Now when you come to talk about the millions and millions

of dollars in tithing paid by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, it is simmered down to $1,887,920, for the year 1914, and that was an average year. I may be pardoned, perhaps, if I

say here, for the benefit of any who do not know the facts, that the law of tithing is a voluntary law; that is, it imposes only a

voluntary duty upon the people. No person's standing as a member in the Church, is jeopardized because he doesn't pay his tithing.

There are a good many of us who don't observe all the laws, and it is a good thing that the Lord does not execute justice and judgment upon a great many of us because of it.

"The expense of the general authorities and the maintenance of the First Presidency are paid out of the revenues derived from investments, and not out of the tithes of the Church. These investments, as a rule, consist of contributions of stocks of various kinds

to the Church on tithing, which have been held by the Church; and

the dividends that we derive from these stocks and investments are for the benefit of the people in every instance, for the Church has never made an investment that had not for its object the benefiting of the whole people, as far as possible, -fostering industries, and the colonization of our country. It has been done for aiding

the settlers of our country, our state and adjoining states, as far as possible, by assisting them with means, to help them lay the foundations of prosperity for themselves.

"In addition to the amount paid out of the tithes to the poor, $116,238, "There has been collected and expended to the poor by the

Relief Society, $74,290 "By the bishops, from the fast offerings and other ward charities and funds, $76,000, "Making a total paid to the poor, for 1914, of $266,528.

It just occurs to me that we are talking to you on the Sabbath day, and some people, perhaps may feel that it is somewhat out of place for us to talk about money and temporalities, about tithing, or the expenditure of means and the uses made of it, on the Sabbath day, but the Sabbath was made for man, and not man for the

Sabbath. God made or designated the Sabbath day for a day of

rest, a day of worship, a day of goodly deeds, and for humility and penitence, and the worship of the Amighty in spirit and in truth.

"There has been collected for the war sufferers, which is being expended under the direction of President Hyrum M. Smith, of the

European Mission, $33,000. This was done on one day, prac-

EDITORS'TABLE 641

tically, a clay set apart for general contributions for the benefit of the sufferers in consequence of the war. I have a list of the names

of all the stakes of Zion and the wards which contributed these means, and it was all contributed and handled and sent to the sufferers to be distributed equally and impartially,—to Latterday

Saints, mind you, first; I want to tell you that, we will be honest

with you; we feel that it is the first duty of Latterday Saints to

take care of themselves, and of their poor; and then, if we can

extend it to others, and as wide and as far as we can extend charity and assistance to others that are not members of the

Church, 'we feel that it is our duty to do it. But first to look after

the members of our own household. The man who will not provide for his own house, as one of old has said, is worse than an

infidel. So we make no apologies for saying that we have collected these means for the suffering Latterday Saints that are

afflicted because of the war, in Germany, in Austria, in Italy, in

Switzerland, Holland and in England and'anywhere else where they are suffering in consequence of it. It cost the fund not one

penny, not even a postage stamp, for collection. May be you

would like to know that; there were no paid agencies, no paid collectors. No one received a nickel from the funds contributed for

the assistance of the afflicted and the suffering. It was done

through the channels of the holy priesthood, through the organization of the Church, in the regular way, and it has cost nobody anything. The First Presidency received the following cable message

from the President of the Swiss and German Mission

"Two thousand dollar relief fund thankfully received. Express

gratitude to God's people. Conditions satisfactory. Valentine, President Swiss and German Mission.

"We have received also a number of returns from President

Hyrum M. Smith, but in volume, and these returns have not been

condensed, so that they can be presented here."

Interesting Statistics and Advice

Among other statistical statements made by President Joseph

F. Smith at the April general conference, the following show the

birth and death rate, marriages, and other important items relating to the Latterday Saints. He made comments thereon as they

appear below

: "Now, we have a few more statements that I desire to read

Our records show that 73% of all the Latterday Saint families,

I amresiding in all the stakes of Zion, own their own homes.

sorry that this figure is not as large as it has been in the past, bitt orf thewe have become more numerous than we were when 95$ people of the Church owned their own little homes and owed noth 642 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ing to anybody for them. Let me inject here, once more, my

standing admonition to the Latterday Saints. My brethren, see

to it that you do not put a mortgage upon the roof that covers the heads of your wives and your children. Don't do it. Don't

plaster your farms with mortgages, because it is from your farms that you reap your food, and the means to provide your raiment and your other necessaries of life. Keep your possessions free

from debt. Get out of debt as fast as you can, and keep out of

debt, for that is the way in which the promise of God will be fulfilled to the people of his Church: that they shall become the

richest of all people in the world. But this will not happen while

you mortgage your homes and your farms, or run into debt beyond your ability to meet your obligations, and thus, perhaps, your name and credit be dishonored because you overreached yourselves.

'Never reach farther than you can gather,'is a good motto.

"The birth rate of the Church, for the year 1914, is 39.5 to the

thousand. "The death rate is 8.3 to the thousand. The marriage rate is

17 to the thousand.

"During the year there were 14,717 children blessed in the

Church. "There are 1,316 elders and 115 women laboring, in the missions, as missionaries. Of the membership of the Church, residing

in the stakes of Zion, 319,000 were born in the United States.

"There has been a net increase in the membership of the

Church, in the stakes of Zion, from the year 1901 to the year 1914, of 129,493 souls.

"There are now 739 organized wards, and 33 independent branches. There are 68 organized stakes of Zion, and 21 missions.

During the year 1914, twentyone new wards were organized and two stakes of Zion. From each of the newly organized wards we

have received calls to assist to help build new meeting houses; and

so the work goes on. I have read the figures of the hundreds of

thousands that we are appropriating for the assistance in the erection of meeting houses, tabernacles; and amusement places for the

youth of Zion, to keep them under proper restraint and control.

"The work in the temples has been the largest on record.

There have been performed in the temples, during the past year, 166,909 baptisms for the indication that we are increasdead,—an

ing the membership of the Church very, very much faster, in the spirit world than we are on earth. Endowments for the living

and the dead, 72,952. Altogether 326,264 ordinances have been

performed in the four temples. This is a very considerable increase over any previous year.

"The ward teaching has been given considerable attention by the stake and ward officers, with the result that in some of the stakes of Zion the work has been so well developed that 96% of

EDITORS'TABLE 643

all the families in the stakes are visited by the ward teacher each month."The Spirit of Missionary Work Duringthe 85th annual conference, in April, a number of the speakers called attention to the change in the missionary personnel.

It is decided that a greater number of older members of the Church shall be called as ministers abroad. To this end, a large number

of Seventies have been and are being called to the various mission fields in the world. Whereas, it has been the recent custom to

have nearly all young men in the field, boys in some instances, it is now decided desirable that at least two elderly people to one young man shall be called to the work. In the closing remarks of President Joseph F. Smith, he also referred to this subject, and particularly dwelt upon the spirit of the missionary. He said

"I want to read a passage of the scripture which will apply not only to the Seventies but to all the Saints

Wherefore, honest men, and wise men should be sought for diligently, and good men and wise men, ye should observe to uphold;

otherwise whatsoever is less than these cometh of evil.

And I give unto you a commandment, that ye shall forsake all evil and cleave unto all good, that ye shall live by every word which proceedeth forth out of the mouth of God;

For he will give unto the faithful line upon line, precept upon precept; and I will try you and prove you herewith;

And whoso layeth down his life in my cause, for my name's sake, shall find it again, even life eternal;

Therefore be not afraid of your enemies, for I have decreed in my heart, saith the Lord, that I will prove you in all things, whether you will abide in my covenant, even unto death, that you may be found worthy; For if ye will not abide in my covenant, ye are not worthy of me.

"I think that this passage of scripture opens to us a vast field and subject for thought and reflection, for research, and careful attention! I believe in all the words that have been spoken by the

holy prophets concerning the dispensation of the fulness of times and the establishment of the kingdom of God in the earth. I believe it is good to seek knowledge out of the best books, to learn

the histories of nations, to be able to comprehend the purposes of; and I believe that God with reference to the nations of the earth

one of the most important things, and perhaps more important to us than studying the history of the world, is that we study and become thoroughly acquainted with the principles of the gospel that they mav'be 'established in our hearts and souls, above all other things "to qualify us to go out into the world to preach and all about the philosophy of the ages teach them We may know and the history of the nations of the earth; we may study the

wisdom and knowledge of man, and get all the information that

644 IMPROVEMENT EKA

we can acquire in a lifetime of research and study, but all of it put together will never qualify anyone to become a minister of the gospel, unless he has the knowledge and spirit of the first principles of the gospel of Jesus Christ.

of the indispensable qualifications of the "Another thing—one

elders who go out into the world to preach is humility, meekness, and love unfeigned for the wellbeing and the salvation of the human family, and the desire to establish peace and righteousness in the earth among men. We can not preach the gospel of Christ

without this spirit of humility, meekness, faith in God, and reliance upon his promises and word to us. You may learn all the wisdom

of men, but that will not qualify you to do these things, like the humble, guiding influence of the Spirit of God will. 'Pride goeth

before destruction, and an haughty spirit before a fall.'It is necessary for the elders who go out into the world to preach to study

the spirit of the gospel, which is the spirit of humility, the spirit of meekness and of true devotion to whatever purpose you set your hand or your mind to do. If it is to preach the gospel, we should

devote ourselves to the duties of that ministry, and we ought to strive, with the utmost of our ability, to qualify ourselves to perform thai specific labor. And the way to do it is to live so that

the Spirit of God will have communion and be present with us to direct us in every moment and hour of our ministry, night and day."Temperance and Prohibition A i the Priesthood meeting, on Monday evening at the April conference, President Joseph F. Smith expressed himself in regard

to his stand upon the subject of temperance and prohibition. It

appears that some of the brethren who were present were doubtful as to his position. Consequently, at the closing session of the general conference, he expressed himself clearly upon this subject as

follows feel almost indignant to refer to it "There is a disposition—I

at all. hul I am led to believe that there is a feeling and a disposition on the part of some of our brethren to misconstrue my position, my feeling, and my desire, with reference to the temperance

question: I thought I expressed myself here last night as plainly

as man could do it, and yet the very remarks that I made here last evening, before the priesthood meeting, have been, I am told, so misinterpreted and misconstrued that I am beset to know what I meant, and as Brother Golden -said, 'I am going to tell you something.'I started out in this ministry in 1854, a boy fifteen years

of age. From that hour until now, I have never relented nor relaxed one moment, in my advocacy of abstinence from strong

drink, and my advocacy of temperance and prohibition, wherever prohibition can be effected. I believe in it. I believe that the

EDITORS'TABLE 645

time will come and that it is close by, when the people of this state will have to join in the procession of other states and adopt a law of statewide prohibition; I believe the time will come when

they will be forced to do it, to keep in line with the other states in the Union.

"I am delighted with the effort that is being put forth in Great motherland and fatherland of many of the LatterdayBritain,—the

Saints, and one of the most fruitful nurseries of the Church, where people have been let loose to indulge in drunkenness, to wallow in the debasing evils of the 'public house,'the 'beer shop,'and. to indulge in every species of licentiousness which leads to

degradation and poverty. Many of the mayors of the great burroughs and cities are principal owners of the ale houses, and dispensaries of intoxicating drinks. Now the authorities of that

great nation, the leaders of the people, are waking up to these monstrous evils, and are setting to work with a will and a determination to establish temperance in that land. It will be the salvation of our mother country, if they will only do it as Russia has

done it. I propose to continue to preach abstinence and to advocate the cause of temperance; I not only believe in temperance, as

applied to the using of strong drinks, but I believe in temperance in all things. I not only believe in and will advocate this, but I will

also advocate and strive to the best of my ability to use every opportunity or power within my reach for prohibition, in wisdom, and not in unwisdom; if I go to any extreme at all, in any matter,

T hope it will be in the cause of justice, truth, temperance, righteousness and honestv of life and purpose. I may get extreme in

matters of that kind", but I may not be so extreme as some people are in questions of policy."

Gone to her Reward Sarah Ellen Richards Smith, wife of President Joseph F.

Smith, died, in Salt Lake City, March 22, 1915, where she was born \uoust 25 1850. She came into the world only about three

and a half years prior to the death of her father, the late President

Willard Richards, beloved and trusted companion of the I ropnet

Toseph, who stood bv him in the tragic hour of his martyrdom in

Carthage Illinois. Sister Smith was for many years a teacher in

the Relief Society of the Seventeenth ward, also in organizing and directing the Daughters of the Pioneers, and in recent years she the Salt Lake 1 emtook great interest in temple work, laboring m ple in behalf of her kindred dead. She was married to President

Smith on March 1, 1868, and accompanied him on his third mission to Great Britain in the spring of 1877. She was a faithful

646 IMPROVEMENT ERA

wife, a devoted mother, a valiant friend, and an inspiring teacher.

She was a cherished wife and a wise, careful and loving mother.

Six children survive her, as follows: Joseph R. Smith, Minerva

Smith Miller, Willard R., Franklin R., Jeanetta and Asenath

Smith, all of Salt Lake. Five are dead: Mrs. Lenora Nelson,

Alice, Heber, Rhoda and Ellen Smith.

Sister Smith was extremely devoted to her home and children, and all who knew her loved her modest and kindly ways and her sweet spirit. The love and respect which she inspired in

people is shown in the following tribute paid to her some years ago:

"Sarah Ellen Richards Smith was a beautiful, faithful and noble girl, is a most beloved and cherished wife, a wise, careful, loving mother, a genuine homemaker, and the mother of eleven children in who"! no parents on earth are more blessed or more happy. For more

than fortythree years she has shed forth everincreasing joy and happiness upon the. life of her husband, her home and family; and her children and children's children, to the latest time will joyfully call her

blessed."

The Era Story Contest

The winner in the March $25prize story contest was Elsie

Chamberlain Carroll. The title of her story is "Jim's Oration."

It has a local western setting and application that will grip both young and old. The judges were Elizabeth Cannon Porter, Hugo

B. Anderson, Thomas Hull and Edward H. Anderson. The

stories for May should be in hand by May 5. The winner for

April will be named in the June Era.

Messages from the Missions

[The Era solicits short, pertinent messages of important happenings, and faithpromoting incidents in the experiences of the elders;

portraits of persons and places connected with such experiences, and illustrating the text, will be acceptable, especially if the pictures are out of the ordinary—illustrations of action. Groups, with names

alone, can be used only to a very limited extent. Editors.]

MISSIONARIES WHO DIED IN THE HARNESS

Benjamin Everet Wilhelmsen contracted pneumonia while on a mission in Louisville. Kentucky, and died on March 27, 1915. The

funeral was held on the 3rd of April in Salt Lake City in the Third ward chapel. Elder Wilhelmsen made a good record as a missionary,

and his associates deeply regretted his death. When called on a mission a year ago, he was a third year student at the Latterday Saints

University in excellent standing and with many friends.

EDITORS'TABLE 647

Ernest M. Ernstsen, thirtynine years old, died April 9, 1915, in

Racine, Wisconsin, where he was laboring as a missionary. He was

born in Aarhns, Denmark, January 23, 1876. The body was sent to the

home of his parents in Loa, Wayne county, for funeral services and burial, and President Joseph Eckersley, of Wayne stake, accompanied the body from Salt Lake to Loa. President German E. Ellsworth in

a letter to the First Presidency, paid an impressive tribute to his character and missionary labors. Elder Ernstsen was set apart March 8,

1914, to fill a mission in Norway, and was transferred last October to the Northern States mission, being appointed to labor in the Wisconsin conference. He was of a hopeful and cheerful disposition, with undoubting faith in the gospel, desiring to fill his mission to the last

moment. Soon after arriving in Scandinavia, he related a dream or an

impression, which he had to the effect that he would not finish his mission in Scandinavia, and after landing in Wisconsin, he told some of the elders that he still felt that he would not finish his mission there.

EXPECT A CHAPEL OF THEIR OWN Elder Hugh A. Wright, president of the Rhode Island conference,

reports that in that part of the world people are rather indifferent toward religion, despite the fact that the cities are full of churches.

several to forward looking are elders the fact, that Notwithstanding a attended Providence of elders the "Recently spring. this baptisms sort, oldfashioned the of churchesone the of in one service revival the of. close at the for called were Testimonies -bombastic. -ratfie received elders the of one spoken, had others After many meeting of members the of result one a As testimony. his bear to errSon the leave all 'Mormons'the that demanded present congregation he created act The immediately. with complied was demand The church antithe church in the even and missionaries, the of in favor sympathy investigator perpetrator. An the upon censure brought deed ChTSian spot a for lots building five of choice a us Offered has Haven Fn New

648 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to erect a church upon, and the Saints of New Haven are looking forward to the time that they will have a chapel of their own. The

Era, like a true friend, arrives every month, with good instruction, advice and encouragement, and is appreciated by the elders and the

Saints as well as by our friends. The Era is not only a friend, but

succeeds in making more friends. The elders laboring in this district

are: Standing, back row: Lancelott Bills, Riverton; D. Hutchinson

Eccles, Ogden; Janett McNeil, Logan; Alta Johnson, Richfield; Louise

Thomas, Lehi, Utah; Jesse M. Smith, Snowflake, Arizona; Herman Hatch, Hatch, Idaho; sitting: Ralph M. Aldous, Salt Lake City,

Utah; Hugh A. Wright, conference president, Rexburg, Idaho; Marshal H. Flake, Snowflake, Arizona; Mission President Walter P. Monson; Charles O. Jackson, Venice, Utah; W. N. Delaware, New Plaven,

Conn.; Jas. H. Parker, Murray, Utah; front row: Asael C. Tanner,

Clover, Utah; Arthur W. Fletcher, Magrath, Canada.

WAR SPIRIT RUNNNING HIGH IN PORTSMOUTH

Elder E. M. Greenwood, Elsinore, and Elder O. C. Anderson,

Annabella, write from Portsmouth, England, February 26: "We have

been laboring in Portsmouth, one of England's naval seaports, 85 miles south of London. The city has a population of about 250,000.

The war spirit is running high, and perhaps seventyfive per cent of the men one meets on the streets are in uniforms. The

parade grounds are full of soldiers from morning till night, drilling for active service. Large

companies of soldiers march through the streets accompanied by the music of brass bands, harps, bugles, and bagpipes, on their way to the front. They

whistle and sing, and are apparently happy in the thought of.serving their king and

country. Many wounded soldiers and starving Belgians arrive here, and the civilians are

doing all they can to relieve their sufferings. We have a

little branch of over fifty souls, and these scenes aid them in fully realizing that the prophecies of holy scripture are being fulfilled. It causes them to be

more diligent in serving the Lord.. We have a thriving

branch, fine Sunday school and Mutual, and the sacrament meetings are well attended.

Priesthood Quorums'Table

A New Battle Cry for the Lesser Priesthood Quorums

The Priesthood Committee reported as follows at the April Con ference: Dear Brethren: The Committee on Priesthood outlines respectfully report and refer to two important items of progress inaugurated

duringFirst—Thethe past twoproperyears,organizationand to a newof sloganPriests'forquorumsthe yearandto come.classes

throughout the Church. This succeeded to such an extent that where

as, a few years ago there were in fact only a very small number of

Priests in the Church, and very few bishops presiding personally over

Priests quorums, now there are 8,830 Priests in the Church, over 6,000 of whom are attending their quorum meetings and classes. These

Priests, the choice young men of the community, are being instructed and presided over by the bishops of the Church. The results arising

from such instruction by the bishops, and the contact of the young men with the presiding authorities, of the Church, are themselves very

is improvement made in ward teaching.satisfying,Second—Theand a greatsecondimpetusitem to progress.

The work in this line was practically followed up by the Presiding

Bishopric, until there resulted a complete revolution in the matter of ward teaching throughout the Church. The per cent of families

throughout the Church visited monthly by the teachers has grown from a very small proportion to a very satisfactory proportion. In

some stakes little if any teaching was done; in others it was very indifferently and unsystematically attempted. Through the efforts of the

committee, supplemented by the splendid work of the Bishopric, the average per cent of families visited during each month of the year by the ward teachers in the various stakes of Zion now totals fortyfive, or practically onehalf of the families of the Church visited monthly by the ward teachers. The results of these visits, the contact of the people with the teachers, the number of men put into active service, and

the instructions given have awakened a great interest in the doctrines of the Church, and in their practice among the Saints. Spiritual

growth has been promoted, and the spirit of the gospel has been fanned into flame among many members of the Church.

The prosecution of this noble work should continue until there shall be greater efficiency in every department, until practically every family in the Church shall be visited by faithful teachers each month;

every bishop throughout the Church shall have a class of Priests under his tutelage, and until every Priest in the Church shall be active in his duties and brought in contact with the spirit of the gospel through his presiding officer.

And let us here revert to the special labor of quorum officers. Upon them rests the responsibility in the first place to see that their members continue in all good effort, faithfully to perform their duties.

And not only that, but their specific duty is to maintain the identity and high standard of their quorum, and look to it that its record as a quorum shall equal the good standing of its membership. The quorum

as an entity should be ambitious to do something worthy, and as a quorum be alive to the opportunities to render practical help to the 650 IMPROVEMENT ERA

work of the Lord. What have you done as a quorum? That is a

question quite as pertinent as, What have you done as a member? The

officers are responsible for the proper answer.

We call the attention of stake and ward authorities generally to another work that we desire to inaugurate among the Priesthood during the coming year. It is class leadership, and more direct and specific supervision in the Teachers and Deacons'classes. Improvement

here may be more difficult than in ward teaching and Priests'organization. But it can be and should be made. It is one of the crying

needs of our quorums at the present time. Proper leadership and supervision and a better teaching corps in the Priesthood quorums

throughout the Church should be our next slogan. Much difficulty is

being experienced by the bishops in obtaining the proper material for instructors. There is also great chaos in methods of supervision.

We suggest that in every stake of Zion there be appointed a committee from the high council to take supervision of the training of teachers for the Lesser Priesthood quorums; that this training be

given by specialists once each month. This should be done by competent instructors, who should be filled with the spirit of the gospel,

and selected in the various stakes to instruct and prepare class instructors for the quorums.

The lessons which the quorums are studying should not, as is now the case in most instances, be made the ends in themselves, but be practically applied, so that the members of each quorum may take active part in the work of the Church. The lesson in itself is of only

little use unless it is applied; an emotion is simply an excitement, and

is useless unless the sentiments of that emotion are put into active work. Our present method of teaching is often merely intellectual. It

ends with knowledge, which in itself, of course, is good, but which, without work, is vain as far as practical results go.

The task before us, then, is to provide practical instructors who not only know how to teach the theories and doctrines of the gospel, but who can show the members of the quorums how these theories may be put into practice; how these doctrines may be made applicable

to their daily lives. Every instructor should be required to make assignments of work, so that each member shall have some weekly duty

to perform, in which the theories, and the doctrines which he has learned shall be put into practice in his life. This means assignment

each week for some useful action, deed or work. It means that the

following week these assignments shall be reported in class, where free discussion should follow, and the problems temporal and spiritual that have been met shall be solved practically, and to the satisfaction of the quorum members.

To inaugurate and direct in the details of this work, we have the members of the quorum of the Twelve Apostles, supplemented by efforts of brethren who may be selected by them. These men are competent and anxious to instruct the stake presidents and high councilors who, aided by such

men as they may select, are competent to put into practice the instructions of the Twelve. The bishops, with the instruction of the stake

presidency, and supervising high councilors, and with the help of such men as they may select in every ward, are competent to teach instructors training them in detail how this work may be accomplished.

Then it will be the duty of the instructors in these various classes to make assignments, to teach theories, and to hear such reports and introduce such discussions asshall make the members of the class competent helpers and workers in the Church.

This is the work that should be made the battle cry for Lesser

Priesthood quorums for the year to come.

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS'TABLE 651

As far as the Higher Priesthood is concerned, competent men as a rule are placed as leaders in these classes, hut in these quorums also more practical and efficient work may be done, by which more service, spiritual and temporal, shall be rendered to the people. The

Priesthood are the servants of the people, and it is their duty to render the most efficient service in their power to the members of the Church.

When we shall have our present large number of 11,450 High Priests;

11,112 Seventies; 27,382 Elders; and 750 Bishops engaged in rendering

magnificent temporal and spiritual service to the people and to each other, unitedly teaching not only the theories and doctrines of the gospel, but the practical methods of putting these theories and doctrines into effect, we shall have service unequaled in the world. Their

efforts being aided by the Spirit of the Lord, no power can hinder his blessings from resting upon those who are engaged in this marvelous work among the Latterday Saints.

Our suggestion, then, is better leadership through proper supervision and training of instructors, more efficient work in the classes, the application of knowledge gained to service among the people, the assignment of weekly duties to the members, report weekly on such duties, free discussion of conditions and problems with a view to rendering practical aid, spiritual and temporal.

Our prayer is, therefore, that the various authorities of the Church named will take these thoughts into consideration and, with the aid that will be rendered them by the general authorities of the Church, execute this work unitedly so that the leadership and service of the

Priesthood shall become more efficient.

Rudger Clawson, Chairman.

David A. Smith, Secretary.

Suggestive Outlines for the Deacons

HOW SHALL WE MAKE OUR LESSONS INTERESTING?

There are two types of pleasant feelings; one naturally follows

selfexpression: For example, when a husband and father pursues his

vocation with the thought in view of making home more comfortable for his wife and children. The other type arises through some of the

sense organs being stimulated. Such, for example, as the eyes being

used on moving pictures or the sense of taste in the drunkard being stimulated with his dram. They do not conflict necessarily, but there

must be pleasure through the first, in order to get legitimate interest.

The individual who gets pleasure only through sense organs being stimulated from without, cannot be said to have interest Neither does for organs excites selfactivity) (through if he only interest have he the indithrough is taken Interest in them. awakened pleasure the

vidual's striving to reach some ideal he desires to accomplish.

With the above brief description of interest in mind, let us turn to a boy mcoogny ago sometime in To illustrate, class work. its use three visits or Two work into our class came playmates, his with

turn offflfflMJ and honest of earnest boy to be a showed him effort warranted his as not as successful was but in school, diligent instructor The of Wisdom the Word on was lesson the time One asking lesson by the began and interest, of principle the understood your understand and get to ability your improve to desire of you "Who the including raised, were hands of number in school?"A lesson

652 IMPROVEMENT ERA

visitor's. "Now I'll read to you a promise made by our Heavenly

Father, on condition of our doing certain things."The teacher then

read Doc. and Cov. 89:1518, giving emphasis to verse 16. After some

few comments, some wanted to know what those conditions were.

Then the instructor read the other part of the Word of Wisdom, making comment as he proceeded. The point that struck the visitor most

forcefully, as he afterwards related, was that pertaining to tea and coftee. At the close of the classwork the instructor said: "Now, if

any of you are not keeping these teachings of wisdom, I am going to ask you to observe them for a month and then we'll ask you to report."

In three weeks, our visitor related in substance the following: "I

went home and asked my parents to let me try to get along for a while without the tea and coffee they had been giving me. They laughed

at me and said, 'Oh! you are going to be a "Mormon,"are you?'I

said, T don't know that I am,'but let me try getting along without the tea and coffee. Pretty soon, they said, 'All right.'Now, I'd like to

tell you boys that I am sleeping better and am not so nervous and can study harder."

This incident illustrated how an instructor made the Word of

Wisdom interesting to boys. The points to be noted are, he learned

what the boys had ambitions in, in the sphere of the Word of Wisdom.

Then the boys became interested in listening to that revelation and some of them sufficiently interested to put it into practice.

Similarly, the boy's ambition to "make the team"in basketball, baseball, and trackevents can be used to acquire an interest in knowing and keeping the Word of Wisdom. It becomes an aid to him in

what he has to do.

Lesson 17

(Text: The Latterday Prophet, Chapter XVI)

Problem: What course ought a Latterday Saint to pursue in the

midst of persecution?

Preparatory to studying the chapter, discuss with the boys what leads to quarrels and fights among them. Give them an opportunity to

express themselves as to what they think is right on these matters, also concerning what they should do in persecution.

Study the chapter as suggested before.

What were the causes for the persecution? What do you think of

the justice of these causes? What was done? How did the brethren

feel towards their persecutors? What course did the Saints pursue

to get redress of grievances? Do you think the Saints took the right

course? Why? Compare with the teaching of our Savior to Peter

when he wanted to defend Jesus with the sword (Matt. 16:2128). Tell

what the Saints did, as related in this chapter, which shows their course towards their persecutors.

Lesson 18

(Chapter XVII)

Problem: Same as in Lesson 17.

Study the chapter.

What was done by the mob? What were the causes? What did

the Saints do? Were they justified? Why? Wha. did they do that

shows their love of peace? What course did the Saints pursue towards

their persecutors?

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS'TABLE 653

Lesson 19

(Chapter XVIII)

Problem: Same as Lessons 17 and 18.

Study the Chapter.

In what peaceable way did the Saints attempt to regain possession of their homes? What was the governor's decision as to their rights

to their homes? In what did the Saints fail? Why would they not sell

their land? What sign did the Lord give to encourage them and cause

their enemies to fear? Compare Matt. 24:29. Compare the attitude of

Governor Dunklin and President Andrew Jackson towards the Saints with Pilate's attitude towards our Savior (John 19:4-6). Compare the

Saints'course towards their persecutors with the course of our Savior towards his. Read Doctrine and Covenants 101:8192, Did the Saints

comply with those instructions? Show how? Of what great warfare

was the Missouri persecutions a continuation? The persecution of our

Savior on the earth? Answer the problem of the three last lessens. Of

what is the course the Saints took in Missouri an evidence?

Lesson 20

(Chapter XIX)

Problem: To be doing peaceful works while persecution brings

suffering, is an evidence of what?

Study the chapter.

What was the Prophet doing in and about Kirtland while the

Saints were being driven from their homes? Give instances which

show his bravery in trouble? What was the most important mission

the Prophet was to fill while he lived on the earth?

Answer the problem of the lesson.

General Annual M. I. A. Conference

I. A. annual conference will be The June Conference. The M.

held Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, June 11, 12, and 13. Following is

the schedule of meetings:

1 he Friday, June 11: First session—9:30 a. m.; 12:30 p. m. Joint.

first period (9-30—11) will be devoted to consideration of joint problems Assembly Hall. The second period 01—12:30) will be given to

demonstration work along social lines. Deseret Gymnasium. Second Session—2. p. m. Preliminary tryouts in contests. Music

section—Assembly Hall. Public speaking section—Bishop s building.

Retold story section—14th Ward Chapel. Friday Evening—Entertainment for visiting stake orncers finals in Saturday, June 12: Separate meetings, 8 p. m.—Grand

contests. Assembly Hall...

Sundav Tune 1310 a. m.—Joint officers meeting. Tabernacle.

2 p. m. and 7:30 p. m -General meetings. Tabernacle The program

in detail will be published later in the Deseret Daily and SomiWeekl) CW The usual conference rates and time limits will prevail.

Mutual Work

Athletic and Scout Work What Some Scouts are Doing George A. Christensen, Scout master, Bear River City, tells an

interesting story of his scouts:

"We hold our meeting? regularly each Saturday night at 7:o'clock.

In the fall, before it became too cold, we took trips out into the most natural territory that we have. We have given skating trips,

camping trips, and have tried to make all of our theory practical. We

have organized a scout orchestra, and are trying to arrange to start a brass band.

"Last Saturday all the boys turned out with teams, wagons, shovels, and each a pair of willing hands, and hauled gravel, cinders, and sand on all the sidewalks where they were muddy enough to make it disagreeable. About twenty scouts and myself worked hard all

forenoon. The boys keep close watch on the poor, aged, and widows,

of our town, and always keep their wood sheds filled with good wood.

The work has taken such a root that many boys, almost every meeting, are asking to be admitted as scouts. Our boys even take trips

through the town looking for something they can do for those in need. "Each meeting we open with prayer. This has taught many of

our boys to pray. Some could not pray when they joined the work,

but now they can do it very readily. We then have a short preliminary

program of songs, speeches, etc., and then we have a report on 'good

turns.'(By the way, every scout gives from one up to five or six

each week.) We then take up some new topic or subject connected

with the scout work. After this has been illustrated, tested, tried,

etc., we feel that the boys are ready for a game, so we start one

going, in which all take part. We then discuss the needs of our

community and our organization and other matters that might come up, and then dismiss with prayer."

Known by Their Good Behavior "We are very much encouraged in our work. We now have one

hundred per cent of boys of scout age enrolled, besides two over that age. More than half are second class scouts, and some have applied

for first class tests. Our work is also being felt in the schools. One

principal told me that he could pick out boys engaged in scout work

Karl Wood, Logan, Utah. Marchby their marks and behavior."—J.

10, 1915.

Vocations and Industries To Ward Presidents and Vocation Counselors:

Through your Stake Superintendent or Vocation Supervisor, entry blanks, rules and report blanks covering the M. I. A. Boys'HalfAcre

contests have been sent you. Upon receipt of these blanks, we suggest

that the following things be done immediately as the season has already

MUTUAL WORK 655

arrived when the boys who are to be successful must begin their work.1.—Read the rules over carefully so you will be familiar with their

contents2.—Makeand cana carefulexplaincanvassthem toof thethe boysboys. of your ward, and interest

as many as possible in this movement. Often you will find it advantageous to go to the boy's home, talk with his father, and have

the father designate the plot of ground that the boy may have. Get

the boy to go on the land with you, step it off with him, and offer any suggestions that will be helpful in getting him started in the

andwork.3.—Explain in detail the rules of the contest to each boy,

show him how to keep a record, so he can fill out his report at the end of the season. The report is simple, and any boy who keeps a

note book to record what he does will have no difficulty to render it

the boy, have him fill out the entry blank,completely4.—Beforeand youaccurately,leave as per our blank.

and sign it, and after all the boys have been visited, send the entry blanks promptly to us.

5.—Get up a local contest. Call on a few of the leading men of

the ward and interest them in offering prizes for the best records made by the boys of your ward. The prizes offered need not be

expensive, but thev should be of a nature to please the boys.

6—Enroll all the boys in vour ward in this contest, and if you arc

interested you can do much "to stimulate their efforts, and most of them will continue to the end. Take a live interest in their affairs

and visit them occasionally. Your personal influence will be a big

factor in their success, and the success of this movement.

contest. Keep it from of the the pleasure feel boys the 7 Let they that whether them Teach a drudgery. as upon looked being

lose cannot they not or a prize secure rt, 1<rv, u\him throughft. supervisor and stake your with in touch 8—Keep of use good Make and Industries. Vocations on Committee the with

you. help him Let work. in this services his national and the state for eligible are boys your that 9 -Remember state and county the with in touch get should You championships.

e h k of money value the boys the upon impress oTtesrwill 'adrOTh ry mdus thrift---- and ofhabits"'"'"themiiniii teachiccn.il time.le Ttu wilfwin worth the and.- a ifc3 nd, the cultivating of the science of something learn will Thev

A Hike to the Yellowstone,"by Ogden Scouts, will be one of the

Era. ii?he.Time features rec< miy q "The Dee H ospitah on V. Bluth John article by witj.other/lX

summer reading.

Passing Events

Augusta Joyce Crocheron, a pioneer of Salt Lake Valley, died

Wednesday, March 17, 1915, in Salt Lake City. She was widely recognized as a writer of poetry, and for many years was a wellknown

worker in the Mutual Improvement Associations, and other organizations of the Church.

The Utah PanamaPacific Exposition building was dedicated in

San Francisco, April 12. The state was represented by Lewis A. Merrill, vice president of the Utah exposition commission, and D. S. Spencer, the latter acting as chairman of the day. An appropriate program

was carried out, and the Utah Society of Northern California appeared prominently in the program.

The eleventh session of the Utah State Legislature cost the state for salaries of the senators, representatives and employes, and other expenses, $35,000; for printing bills, $9,000; journals, governor's message, etc., $10,000; binding, $1,000; miscellaneous expenses, $3,515.84,

making a total expense of $58,515.84. The session laws this year will

consist of one hundred and twentytwo chapters.

The Mexican Situation. In early April the national convention

met in the national palace. Provincial president Roque Gonzales Garza

presided. The convention government authorized the payment of

$20,000 indemnity for the death of John B. McManus, the American

citizen recently killed in Mexico by Zapatista soldiers. Fighting

about Celaya occurred on April 14 between General Villa's forces and

Carranza's under General Obregon. The latter reported 5,000 dead

and 6,000 taken prisoners in this battle.

Prohibition in England. The British government is on the point

of following the Czar in the matter of prohibition. There has been

strong talk of promulgating a decree of absolute prohibition of all trade in liquor throughout the United Kingdom, while the war continues.

Mr. LloydGeorge, Chancellor of the Exchequer, according to the

telegrams, declared that drink was a greater and more deadly foe to

England than Germany is. Both King George and Earl Kitchener

favor complete prohibition, and have stopped the use of strong drink in their households.

The United States submarine F-4, built in Seattle in 1912, was accidentally submerged in the Honolulu harbor, March 25, and never rose again to the surface. The crew consisted of twentyfive men, commanded by Alfred L. Ede, born in Nevada, 1887, a graduate of the

Naval Academy in 1909. Several attempts were made to raise the submarine but up to this writing, the efforts have been futile. One of the

crew was a former resident of Salt Lake City—Frank N. Herzog,

whose mother now resides here. The government has authorized the

expenditure of $20,000 to recover the submarine.

The Newhouse hotel, Salt Lake City, opened its doors on Saturday, March 27. Fully ten thousand people visited the hotel during the

day, and in the evening some twelve hundred people were entertained at the opening dinner and ball. Two hundred and fifty guests rcgistered during the day. One of the events of the opening day was the

communication by long distance telephone to New York, and the entertainment of several business men and officials by the proprietor,

PASSING EVENTS 657

Somuel Newhouse, at a luncheon. Over the telephone could he heard

music in a New York office 2,600 miles away.

Byron Groo, a wellknown newspaper man, and former state and federal official, died April 13, 1915, in Salt Lake City. He was born in

Grahamsville, Sullivan, county, New York, August 11, 1849, being the son of Isaac and Sarah E. Gillett Groo. The family came to Salt Lake

in 1854, and Byron was educated in the ward schools in which his father taught. He enlisted as a private for the Black Hawk war when only

17 years of age, and gained the rank of lieutenant by gallant conduct.

He attended the University of Deseret, now Utah, and taught school during the winters of 1866-7. He was later a deputy and territorial

marshal and city marshal. In 1873, he joined the staff of the Salt Lake

Herald, and three years later became its editor, filling that position with noteworthy success until 1892, when he resigned. He was later

a member of the state board of land commissioners, being secretary for seven years. He was director and secretary and treasurer of several

business institutions, and later became cashier of the Utah Commercial and Savings Bank.

Margaret Burch Goff died in Springville, April 10, 1915. She was

the oldet person in Utah, at the date of her death, having been born

December 25, 1808, in Delaware. Her grandfather fought for the independence of the American colonies, in the Revolutionary War, and

her father fought in the War of 1812. She joined the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints, in 1834. She came to Utah in 1850, and

lived in Provo for more than fifty years. Mrs. Goff was personally

acquainted with the Prophet Joseph Smith, being only three years younger than he, and thus enjoyed his acquaintance as a mature woman. She often related incidents in connection with early Church

history. Her husband in Nauvoo was a personal friend of Joseph

Smith, and accompnaied the bodies of Joseph and his brother Hyrum from Carthage to Nauvoo after the martyrdom. She was married four

times and was the mother of eleven children, only two of whom survive her.

Charles H. Wilcken, soldier, pioneer, and prominent citizen of Salt

Lake City, died April 9, 1915. He was born at Eckhorst, Holstein,

Germany, October 5, 1830. He served in the Prussian army during the

war with Denmark over the SchleswigHolstein provinces. He was

decorated with the iron cross for bravery in battle, by Frederick William, the king of Prussia. Brother Wilcken was the trusted friend and

associate of Presidents Brigham Young, John Taylor, Wilford Woodruff and George Q. Cannon, and many other leaders of the Church.

He came to America in 1857, joined Johnston's army, just then preparing to go against the "Mormons."On leaving the army, he cast

his lot with the people of Utah, being shortly thereafter baptized into the Church. He continued to be a faithful and valiant member to the

day of his death. He was active in the building up of the commonwealth, occupying many civil and ecclesiastical positions of honor and

trust, and died an upright, courageous, loyal and faithful Latterday

Saint.

Charles S. Zane, first chief justice of the state of Utah, and many

years territorial judge before Utah became a state, died on March 29.

1915, at his home in Salt Lake City from a stroke of apoplexy. Judge

Zane was a wellknown lawyer in Utah, and once belonged to the lawfirm of Lincoln, at Springfield. Illinois. When Lincoln was elected to

the presidency of the United States in 1860, Zane succeeded him in the law firm. He was present at all the LincolnDouglas debates. Judge

Zane was born at Morristown, New Jersey, March 2, 1834. He entered

658 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the McKendree college, in 1852, graduated in 1855, campaigned for

Lincoln in 1860, and then became a member of the firm of Harndon &

Lincoln. In 1884, he was appointed chief justice of the Utah territorial supreme court by President Chester A. Arthur, remaining in that

position until 1893, since which time he has practiced law in Utah.

When Utah was admitted to the Union as a state, he became chief justice of the supreme court, but was defeated for reelection. He was

popular among members of the bar of Utah and his decisions are considered among the best delivered in the state.

Recent demands made of China by Japan are causing considerable excitement and feeling in China, and some apprehension in other quarters, especially in the United States. The Japanese garrisons have been

increased, and it is reported from Peking that there are now 150,000

Japanese troops in China. The Chinese commissioners have agreed to

a number of the Japanese demands, but hesitate to consent to those that deal with the Japanese control of the Hanyang iron works, and of several important mining properties. The present government led

by Count Okuma was chosen at a recent parliamentary election, and he is pledged to a further increase in the Japanese army. The growing

anxiety of the American people over the situation was relieved somewhat on April 12 when the New York Independent published a message from Count Okuma in which he says that the uneasiness and suspicion of the United States in connection with Japan's negotiations in

Peking are based on misunderstanding and misinformation. Japan is

not trying to secure a monopoly in China, nor to create a protectorate.

Gen. Hugh L. Scott, chief of the general staff of the United States

Army, brought with him to Salt Lake City, on March 25, the leaders in the recent southern Utah uprising,—-Old Polk, Old Posey, Tsene-gat

find several other Piutes. While the Indians had successfully resisted

all attempts to take them by force, General Scott's persuasiveness

captured them."They came willingly to Salt Lake where they were

imprisoned. When General Scott parted with them he assured them

that they would be treated honorably. Tsene-gat was later taken to

Colorado where he will answer in the courts of that state on the charge of murder of a Mexican sheepherder. The other Indians remained for a few days in Salt Lake City, and left for Thompson's on

April 12, on their promising that they would go and behave themselves on the Ute mountain reservation. The released Indians were

Old Polk, Old Posey, Posey's boy Jack Ute, Jackrabbit Soldier, Noland

May, and John Hammonds. It would have cost $25,000 to get soldiers

enough into the wild encampment of the Indians, and it would have taken at least two regiments, to subdue them. The persuasiveness and

kindness of General Scott made this expense unnecessary. While in

Salt Lake General Scott spoke at the L. D. S. U., at the University of

Utah, and visited the state capitol and the West Side high school. He

also visited the First Presidency who congratulated General Scott on having effected a peaceable settlement of the Indian trouble, saying that that had always been the policy of the Church in its dealings with them. At the L. D. S. U., Professor Young on behalf of the students

expressed to General Scott the deep admiration he had inspired by the masterly display of justice and love of peace he had given in inducing the Indians in San Juan county to surrender. General Scott was

greatly impressed by the excellent showing made by the cadets of the

West Side high school, remarking particularly on their good training.

The Great War. The main activity during the past month in the

great war was in the Carpathians between the Russians, the Austrians and Germans; and the bombardment of the Dardanelles by the allied

PASSING EVENTS 659

fleet. Activities on the sea have continued and many of the ships of

the Allies have been destroyed by the Germans.

March 14.—The German cruiser ''Dresden"was sunk near Juan

Fernandez island by the British ship "Glasgow"and the cruiser "Orama"and "Kent."

March 15.—The Russians capture the eastern defenses at Przemysl.

The British government announces that no merchant vessel will be allowed to proceed on her voyage to any German port unless given a pass. No merchant vessel from any German port shall be allowed to

proceed on her way, and all her goods must be discharged in an allied port.

March 17.—The French battleship "Bouvet"and the British battleships "Irresistible"and "'Ocean"were sunk by mines in the Dardanelles. Four British merchant vessels were sunk on the Dutch coast,and in the channel by German submarines—"Leewarden,""Blonde,"

"Fingal,"and "Glenartney."

off the Bosphorus. March 19.—The Russian squadron appears

March 20.—The Dutch steamer "Zaanstrom"laden with eggs was

seized in the North Sea by the Germans and taken to Zeebrugge.

Scotch women register for army service. "Hanford"and "Blue

Jacket,"British steamships, were torpedoed in the English Channel.

is great reMarch 22.—The Russians capture Przemysl. There

joicing at Petrograd. Many thousands of prisoners were taken.

in Persia. The Dutch March 25.—The Kurds massacre Christians

steamer "Medea"was sunk by a German submarine off Beachy Head.

"Aquila"was sunk off Pembroke, and March 27.—The British ship

the "Vosges"off the Cornish coast.

joined the allied fleet at the DarMarch 28.—Ten more warships

danelles. The Okuma ministry wins Japanese elections. The Liverpool boat "Falaba"was sunk near St. George's channel and one hundred lives lost. The British steamer "Eston"is sunk.

sea fleet bombarded the forts at the March 29.—The Russian Black

entrance to the Bosphorus.

lose eighteen thousand men in defending March 30.—The Austrians

the Carpathian passes.

repulse the Russians in Augustowo March 31.—The Germans forest and on the Vistula. The French steamer "Emma"was sunk by

missing. a submarine in the British Channel—19 of her crew

April 1.—The Russians gain the Beskid heights in the Carpathians

and take seven thousand prisoners. Three Tyne trawlers were sunk by

German submarines.

"Sweetbriar"was sunk by a mine April 2.—The American steamer

in the North Sea. The British battleship "Lord Nelson"is reported

lost in the Dardanelles, and the allied fleets have suspended bombardment. The Norwegian bark "Nor"was sunk; and the British ship

"Lockwood"was torpedoed.

report having taken between March 20 and April 4.—The Russians April 3, 378 officers, 33,155 men, and 17 cannon and a hundred machne

guns in the Carpathian mountains. The Glasgow steamer "Olevine'

and the Russian bark "Hermes"sunk off the Isle of Wight by German submarine.

April 5.—The British steamer "Northlands'and the trawler

"Agantha,"sunk off Beachy Head..

April 7.—"Prinz Eitel Friederick,"the German raider sheltering

at Newport News can not escape, and internes for the war with her officers on parole.

April 11—"Kron Prinz Wilhelm,"the German converted cruiser

which slid out of the New York harbor August 3 last, after eight months preying on commerce, enters Newport New, having destroyed nine British, four French and one Norwegian ships, valued with cargoes at $70,000,000, and taken 960 prisoners.

The General Board Y. L. M. I. A. has just published a "Hand Book for

the Beehive Girls,'an organization to be presided over by the regular Mutual officers and whose purpose is to "perfect our womanhood, to hold the faith of our fathers, and to develop it in our individual womanhood."The new and

handsome booklet contains the general plan, conditions of membership, awards, duties of officers and members. It is a step in the right direction, and a credit

to the Board and its authors. We advise every girl in the land to read it, and

to join the "ranks"of the "Beehive Girls."

A Book for Young People. Little Sir Galahad is a new book just issued by

Small, Maynard & Co. It is a story of a little crippled boy, a little abused girl,

a drunken man who is later reformed, a kindhearted but unthinking millionaire and his son who falls victim to intemperance but "comes back"through the fine strength of his own will stimulated by the love of a noble girl. It is a sweet

story, told in a way that holds the interest throughout. Little Sir Galahad demonstrates the triumph of faith throughout. The book is one of the few novels

nowadays that inculcates a living faith in God. It is one of the few books that

discountenances the use of tobacco and encourages temperance. The faith of

the crippled boy, throughout, is most healthful, the whole text having a tendency towards the establishment of trust in God, and belief in what our people term the Word of Wisdom. Phoebe Gray, the author, has succeeded in dressing her characters with a "faithfulness to real life which is absolutely convincing, and which awakens the finest and deepest emotions of the human heart."

The book has likewise a "wholesome entertainment, blended skilfully with a great moral lesson."Price $1.35, at the Deseret Sunday School Union Book

Store, Salt Lake City.

Improvement Era, May, 1915 Two Dollars per Annum with Manual Free

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter.

Address, 20 Bishop's Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

Joseph F. Smith, ) Heber J. Grant, Business Manager i?j:tors

Edward H. Anderson, j Moront Snow, Assistant

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Romantic Ruins Fo'itispiece Work. A Song of Triumph Angel?. Morgan 565

Faith Nephi Jensen 567 Unbidden Guests. Prize Story Nephi Andersen 572

The Story of the Salt Lake Theatre II. IllnstratedHcrace G. Whitney 580

Anthon L. Skanchy—XIVXVIII Dr. John A. Widtsoe 593

Does God Answer Prayer? Prof. L. F. Moench 599

The Secret of Successful Presiding J. H. Dean 605

Urim and Thummim Joel Ricks 611

A Cloud by Day. Illustrated Nicholas G. Smith 616

The Test. A Story R. S. Bean 621

Missionaries George D. Kirby 626

In Memoriam. A Poem Alfred Lambourne 631

The Psychology of the War Dr. Joseph M. Tanner 632

... 636Editors'Table—Conference Topics Prest. Joseph F. Smith.

Priesthood Quorums'Table—Report Rudger Clawson 649

Mutual Work 654 Passing Events 656 "SUCCESS WITH HENS""MAKING THE FARM PAY"Are two books you need. Price $1.00 each postpaid.

To Era Readers we'll sell the two of them for $1.75 Postpaid

Deseret Sunday School Union Book Store 44 EAST ON SOUTH TEMPLE, SALT LAKE CITY

ATHLETIC EQUIPMENT

all illustrated in From the feet up—prices—

our large catalog. Send postal for a copy

it will give you access to the most complete stock of Sporting Goods in the country.

BROWNING BROS. CO., Stab'

Look at the Essence of a Thing. Aurelius ORDER NOW—Marcus

What is shorthand for? Is it a

thing merely to be learned, or is it a thing to be used?

If it is a thing essentially for use Joseph Smith as Scientist how must it be judged—by its efficiency, or by the ease with which it Cloth binding 75c

may be learned?

Is it worth while to save a month or two learning an "easy"shorthand, of the rest handicapt then be and History of Joseph Smith tool? with an inefficient lifetime your

Isn't it worth while to take time by His Mother to learn the best?

Cloth binding $1.00

Benn Pitman Phonography Gilt Morocco $2.50

has proved itself the best by sixty years of successful use under all kinds of tests.

Pub lisht by IMPROVEMENT The Phonographic Institute Company, ERA

Cincinnati, Ohio.

2022 BISHOP'S BUILDING Founder.Benn Pitman, - UTAH President. SALT LAKE CITY, B. Howard,Jerome

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Playerpiano for only Saves You exactly The instrument has seen slight usage but is practically in every way as good as brandnew and will be guaranteed the same as a brandnew instrument.

international fame. Can be played It is an AUTOPIANO—a player of

by hand or as a Playerpiano. Write for free Catalog and Special terms.

.* Bench and Music F.REE—Freight Prepaid.

"OLDER THAN THE STATE OF UTAH'

ASSETS LIFE INSURANCE Protects your family if you die MORE

THAN A Protects you ifyou live

MILLION Ask about our plan whick helps you to accumulate DOLLARS an estate at the same time you are protecting your family.

WE WANT GOOD AGENTS IN EVERY TOWN

Beneficial Life Insurance Company

Joseph F. SmiA, Present Vermont Bldg., Salt Lake Lorenzo N. Stohl.VicePret. & Mgr.

OFFICERS

JOSEPH F. MITH,

PRESIDENT W. S. M0CORN1CK,

VlCE-P**S!DMT

GRANT HAMPTON, SECT TRIAt, CEO. T. ODELL,

GaN'L MANASER 8. G. WRIGHT, DIRECTORY Aot. Sek'l umn.

JOSEPH F. SMITH FRANCIS M. LYMAN

W. S. McCORNICK THOS. R. CUTLER

CEO. T. ODELL WILLIAM SPRY

S. S. WRIGHT JAMES L. WRATHALL

C. S. SURTON HEBER 8COWCROFT

JAMES H. MOYLE QEO. D. KEYSER

W. W. AR IONO

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA