imt o Thankfulness...

NOVEMBER 1954 08s e.h ofcs\&N 6 1* c* Mf*s '*oo****

BLACK METAL DINETTES

'ZS. WITH ACCENTS

The ultimate in style combined with down to earth practicality. Table top in choice of rich, warm, "dark walnut"

or modern "blond walnut"MlCALITE that cleans with a damp cloth. Alcohol, stain, burn and scratch resistant.

Made to stay beautiful. Single leaf extension 35"x 48"

x 60"-double leaf 35"x 48"x 72". Latter seats eight.

Table has black metal tapered legs with brass ferrule accent. Decorative leg support is brass finished. Dual

purpose chairs are exceptionally comfortable and sturdy. Brass finished wire backs framed in black

metal. Textured fabric covering in either aqua or

coral with gold thread highlights. A handsome

dinette that fits any home decor. fiS< c IIWi

VIRTUE BROS. MFG. CO. GoodGuaranteedHousekeepi "t.

Los Angeles 45, California,..,,

West's Largest Manufacturers of Metal Dining Furniture #664 CHAIRS SHOWN WITH MODEL #574F ROUND DROP LEAF TABLE. ofSendChrometo Departmentand Black GMetalfor folderDinettesillustratingto fit everycompletepreferenceline

and purse. tog

Give sureto-beappreciated LDS Church Books

i. ISRAEL! DO YOU KNOW?

Le Grand Richards The Lord promised that in the latter days the two kingdoms the House of Judah and the House of Joseph—would be reunited. He promised, too, that he would establish His covenant

anew with them. This book, therefore, has been written to

assist the Jewish people to understand the purposes of the

Lord concerning them, and the immediate fulfillment of these promises. $2.00

2. MAN, HIS ORIGIN AND DESTINY

Joseph Fielding Smith The divine origin of man, his purpose here on earth and the glorious goal towards which he moves are clearly discussed in this important new book. An authoritative discussion of the

various theories of evolution, the socalled "conflict"between science and religion, and a concise statement of the doctrines of the Church concerning man's true origin and destiny. $4.00

3. SACRED STORIES FOR CHILDREN

Marie Fox Felt STALWARTS OF MORMONISM

Preston Nibley; Old Testament accounts An ideal gift for those who enjoy

are retold in this beaustories about our courageous and noble pioneer ancestors. These home-

j| tifully illustrated book, spun, brief biographies relate the especially prepared for sacrifices and the colorful experiences

KB every child's enjoyment. forof manyothersL.D.S... "stalwarts". and whowhotaught,lived

The adventures and the through example, the truth of the reiBI great truths are prestored gospel. $2.50

sented in such a way SPEAKS 5. MATTHEW COWLEY child will your i uifffinmrMIFjKSM*8SS* that is a compilation of This book the adnever forget them. dresses, sermons, and letters of the

H $3.95 beloved Apostle, Matthew Cowley.

The understanding love, the impelling message of God's eternal existence, the challenge for the betterment of mankind—allthis and more is contained in this final tribute. A wonderful gift for both young and notso-

young. $4.00

pays postage on any of these books. Dosoret rl Booh Co

NOVEMBER 1954 769 7. A MARVELOUS WORK,r*yftVfc

AND A WONDER Le Grand Richards

Here's a book that will be a prized possession of all missionaries. It

retells the story of the restored Gospel in all its fullness and splendor.

Fascinating, interesting, absorbing.

An ideal gift, too, for L.D.S. investigators. $1.75

fJffKW*'8. ON THE WAY TO

6. GOSPEL IDEALS IMMORTALITY AND

President David O.McKay ETERNAL LIFE

A gift for the entire family that J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

If "special for looking you're awill be genuinely appreciated!

this is it! gift book,"Written by

in oneHere is the handy volume living scholars of greatest the one essence of President McKay's fine who has sought truth from many, insight into the very heart of our many sources, this book uncovers gospel principles. It will long resuperstitions and false dogma to

main a treasured possession. $4.00 revealChrist. the divine truth of Jesus$3.50

9. DICTIONARY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON 12. SUNDAY THE TRUE SABBATH OF GOD

George Reynolds Samuel W. Gamble

A practical and worthwhile gift that will be used over and over again. Contains immediate information for better This book gift will have a real message. It gives further

understanding of the Book of Mormon. It's a real dictionary proof that Sunday is the true Sabbath. This book serves

... handy, brief, yet very complete. $3.50 a great purpose in missionary work. $2.00

BIBLE PRIESTHOOD AND CHURCH GOVERNMENT 13. KNOW THE

This outstanding book will serve as a general and perBenjamin B. Alward

guide, as well as manent a on the book, reference Holy edition. will Revised This stimulate inbook even further Priesthood and Church government. under Compiled the terest in vital the Bible. questions are answered here Many direction of of the Council The Twelve A. Widtsoe. by John Bible important by 800 quotations. familiar and $2.50 edition. Revised $2.50

11. COLONIA JUAREZ 14. TONIC FOR OUR TIMES

Nelle Spilsbury Hatch Want a delightful gift? Hours of enjoyable reading, filled Richard L. Evans

with the nostalgia of colorful days gone by? Here's a A beautiful gift for those who love to read are these charmnew and exciting book about a fabulous town, written by ing essays that span all phases of living, by a nationally

an outstanding storyteller. $3.50 known radio commentator and writer. $2.50

We pay postage on any of these books. Deseretmi Booh Co.

770 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FOR TIME OR ETERNITY?

Mark E. Petersen

A wonderful gift book for both young people and parents. It contains a heartwarming story of romance and good instructions on the

significance of the Temple marriage ceremony. It will inspire young

people toward cleaner living and higher moral standards in preparation for the eternal marriage vows.

$2.00

BOOK OF MORMON

EVIDENCES IN ANCIENT AMERICA Dewey Farnsworth Countless illustrations of ancient ruins and relics are presented in this book, with fascinating information given on all explored fllllllfW facts. Compared with Book of

arthis book concluoewEyf- w0 "TH rivesMormonat scriptures,some amazing sions. $6.00

PROPHECY AND

MODERN TIMES Cleon Skousen This book is invaluable in its W.-

compilation of prophecies from scriptural writings. Of

special interest are those prophecies concerning the final war before the millennium and the second coming of Christ, with commentary and footnotes. $1.75

15. LET'S LIVE! 21. VOICE FROM Claude Richards

As the title of the book indicates, real living is religious living THE DUST living restored gospel, practicing it constantly to the according Genet B. Dee

heart. $3.00 a prayerfuland with

This everpopular book re16. J. GOLDEN KIMBALL tells once again the vivid

Claude Richards and inspiring truths found

The telling wit, good humor, and genuine greatness of J. Golden in the Book of Mormon. All

Kimball are captured in this biography, along with priceless the colorful adventures, the selections from his talks and sayings. $4.00 thousands of struggles and

strivings of early humanity 17. TEACHINGS OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH insentedthe newonce worldagain arein prethis

Joseph Fielding Smith easyto-read volume. ReThe eternal truths revealed to the Prophet Joseph are presented vised edition. $5.00

in this scholarly book. Also included are the mature and lofty

ideas of the Prophet concerning temporal living. $3.50

Any of above books sent wherever you like Co. postpaid. Deseret n Booh

NOVEMBER 1954 771 30. FATE OF THE PERSECUTORS OF THE

PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH N. B. Lundwall

Interesting account of what happened to those ir.en who

murdered the Prophet Joseph Smith. $3.00

31. MARY BAILEY

Ruby K. Smith

For a trueto-life portrait of the Prophet's family, read this interesting account about Samuel H. Smith, first

missionary, and his devoted wife, Mary Bailey. $2.00

32. ESSENTIALS IN CHURCH HISTORY

Joseph Fielding Smith A concise account of revelations received by the Prophet

Joseph Smith, the organizing of the Church, subsequent persecutions, and the murdering of the Prophet in

Carthage. $4.00

33. EGERMEIER'S BIBLE STORY BOOK

Elsie Egermeier collected World's Bible stories book of most famous B. Sperry VOICE Sidney OF ISRAEL'S PROPHETS children's understanding. adapted to $3.50

old, their teachings, they and the conditions under which study of the Prophets of22.A $4.95 Other editions—$4.50,lived. $3.50

23. THE RESTORED CHURCH William E. Berrett 34. YOUR FAITH AND YOU

An interesting account of the Gospel of Jesus Christ freed from superstitions and Mark E. Petersen

false conceptions through the revelations of the Prophet Joseph Smith. $3.50 Downto-earth discussion of religion and its successful

24. 2000 Cleon THE FIRST W. YEARS Skousen application to modern living and the problems of youth.$3.00 this discussed are and explained in absorbingQuestions on Old Testament scriptures

book. $3.25 35. GREATER DIVIDENDS FROM RELIGION

25. THE DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS AND THE FUTURE Roy W. Doxey Gerrit deJong

gives evidencesRevised the and Covenants Doctrine on from contemporary commentary This book in living temporal shows how man profits in the containedhistory substantiate messages that warning modern revelation. practicing $1.25 through ethics Christian fast holding and

to L.D.S. ideals. $1.75

36. GREAT APOSTASY

James E. Talmage

Alltime favorite of L.D.S. readers. Retells the events

that led to the "falling away"of the Church of Jesus

Christ in the early centuries. $1.75

37. PRESIDENTS OF THE CHURCH

Preston Nibley Biographical sketches of all the Presidents are contained in this volume, with excerpts from sermons, discourses, and correspondence. $4.00

38. LEHI IN THE DESERT AND

THE WORLD OF THE JAREDITES Hugh Nibley The author presents the epic story of Lehi's unprecedented flight into the wilderness and the world of the Jaredites in the light of newest information from worldfamous historians and archeologists... adding

further evidence to the authenticity of the Book of

Mormon accounts. $2.25

39. GOSPEL THROUGH THE AGES

B.26. Harold Lee THE AND YOUTH CHURCH R. Milton Hunter

their solutions be This within the revealed Gospel. can found bookProblems of youth and

it is centuries the the traces through Gospel as This book $2.25 guide. truegives that a firm has and youth assurance superstition fear, finally obscured revealed, by and and

27. LIFE ETERNAL Lynn McKinlay restored to its fulness. $3.50

in in the IncludedAll of this interesting eternal book. life are presented phases

life. life, spirit life, 40. READINGS IN L.D.S. CHURCH HISTORY $2.00 spiritdiscussion earth life, and celestial premortal disembodied are

28. MASTERPIECES OF LATTERDAY SAINT LEADERS N. B. Lundwall Vol. I

A collection of famous discourses and sermons given by outstanding Latterday Saint William E. Berrett and Alma P. Burton

leaders throughout the years. $2.00 The best excerpts are taken from the many volumes of

History to L.D.S. Church give a brief and interesting29. DOCTRINE COVENANTS COMMENTARY AND development. of the Church's $4.00 inThis book explains scriptures Covenants and gives necessary backaccount found Doctrine and

ground information for easier understanding. $5.00 41. OUTLINES OF ECCLESIASTICAL HISTORY

B. H. Roberts

A scholarly account of the Christian Church prior to the revelations received by the Prophet Joseph Smith. $2.25

42. JOSEPH SMITH,. THE PROPHET

Preston Nibley The story, in all its glory, of Joseph Smith, who as a a became boy farm reProphet of the Lord and all its in Dcseret 11 Booh Co humblestored the gospel fulness. $3.50

DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah Gentlemen: Enclosed you will find ( ) money order ( ) charge to my account ( ) check in the following amount $ for the encircled [numbered) b Ooks:

1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42

Address

City. Zone.. State

I Residents of Utah include 2% sa es tax.

772 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BIGGEST NEWS

In Cracker History!

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

Snacks, soups, salads... everything

tc t,ore than thirtyfive percent of it's accented with-** Australia has a rainfall under ten tastes better when inches a year and is in effect desert the grand NEW taste in crackers—

practically uninhabitable. About fiftyseven percent of the continent has less Club Crackers by Purity!

than fifteen inches of rainfall. Almost

threequarters of Australia is too dry You'll really go for their rich 'n hearty flavor..

to support productive farming and is sparsely settled. inviting new shape... crisp 'n flaky texture.

The best brains are attracted to the physical sciences according to the average scores on the army general classification test given to graduates in twenty fields of specialization. The

superior, top fifth of all graduate students are also attracted to physical science in greater numbers. Though

there are excellent and mediocre intellects in all fields, the averages lead to... the

the following order: physical sciences,

engineering, law, English, foreign langrandguages, psychology, economics, geology and the earth sciences, biological sciences, fine arts, nursing, history, agriculture, business and commerce, the NEW rest of the humanities, the rest of the social sciences, education, home ecoTASTE nomics, physical education.

in writing in Unesco'sEW."ImpactGoldingof Science estion Society"

mates that if the solar radiation on an crackers!

area the size of Egypt could be utilized directly it would provide the world's present need for power. He also notesthat some estimates place that only 4

four percent of water power potential has been developed thus far. PURITY'S

The mouse deer of Malaya is so named because it is only seven inches high with a body the size of a rabbit, legs like pencils with dainty cloven hoofs.

Antlerless, the deer has two sharp -tusks in the upper jaw over two inches long curved almost into a semicircle. Carveth

Wells reports that the natives say when the. deer is chased by a tiger it jumps

into the air and hangs to a branch of a small tree and pretends to be a fruit.

The Dutch have developed a chemical treatment, applied with a needle, for cut flowers which keeps them fresh

Solt Lake Phoenix Pocotellofor months. PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY

NOVEMBER 1954 773

HOW CAN THEY GET EUROPEAN AFFAIRS: A NEW

THE NATURAL WHOLE BALANCE OF POWER?

by Dr. G. Homer Durham

VICE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH will be well to watch for new Gerthat Britain both feels security from It man initiative in international relaRussian attack and from unilateral, tions during the coming months, espe- "rash"American action! In other

British view, affairs. the from cially in European NATO, A new words,

protects Britain restraining unwhile historic objectiveVALUES THEY NEED? balance of power, the

of the British in foreign policy, may be wise American action (to be anticipated in the. offing. as with MacArthur in Korea—from their

The leadership of the United States viewpoint). Although NATO may be

in European affairs can now be said revised in one way or another before to have undergone "reorganization"in 1969, there is breathing time under its 194849 when NATO was formed. current coverage. (2) Mr. Attlee and

Such alliances always mean many a group of Labor Party leaders junketed things. To the Americans it meant efthrough the Soviet Union and Red

fort to save Western Europe from Soviet China in the summer of 1954. This

domination, plus the rebuilding of was designed to help soothe the Russian western allies for the U S with respect to and Chinese giants (noble endeavor,

Russia in the cold war, and anything certainly), and to promote further the worse. To the British, it meant securing peace and security of the world so dearly

a twentyyear lease on prized. All the while,

AngloAmerican military the Americans could not collaboration in Europe. get too upset at seemMoreover, the lease was ing British backdoor efarranged to fit the facts P \ forts at friendship with

of the Britishconceived the SinoSoviets. For, Mr.

arrangements with the Churchill's majestic presIt's easy when you serve Benelux countries and ence is both seen and the channel ports of felt in America, shieldCARNATION INSTANT WHEAT Holland and Belgium ing and shadowing the

Mr. Bevin's "Western Geneva conference of

IT'S GOOD TO HEAR the youngsters ask Union"of 1948. 1954, Mr. Attlee's trips, et al, if not

for a second helping of their morning For the United States, the next logiactually shedding an effulgent glow of cereal—especially one that's so good for cal step, after NATO, was EDC, the respect thereon for many American

them "European Defense Community,"and viewers. When the "Former Naval

Not only does Carnation Instant Wheat its European army using West German Person"of the Grand Alliance leaves tempt those sleepy morning appetites troops. This, of course, was. a fundathe scene and no longer functions as

with the rich, wonderful flavor of genumental threat to Russian interests. It America's British window, Whitehall

ine Northwest premium wheat—but it is now clear that the American initiative will then have time and occasion to

provides lasting energy during busy days. in Europe was deteriorating by 1949, improve the American view of BritainThat's because of its natural whole with British, French, Italian (and soon inthe-world by other means. (3) To

wheat values of thiamine, niacin, phosWest German diplomatic efforts), afoot help the latter and also themselves phorus and iron! to build a somewhat different scheme and mankind, Her Majesty's Governin will join designed Washington. with undoubtedly soon one ment of the than part for TIME as well...SAVES YOU

First, of States British in the the formal they announced would approval United if you See you! done for beencooking's

in army, a of participate not instead European rearmament, West German Instant Carnation thatdon't agree "cooperate"will strength with but American would EDC. (4) EDC has family is your change theWheat In (if course,"relied "of afar through, on, then Aube even from NATO.

needed gust 1954 in Brussels, MendesFrance, not from British airfields or American the French premier, made it clear that divisions in a European army), to preFrance would not have EDC, and the vent a GermanRussian military acCooks COOKSIN French Parliament made the decision cord aimed at the west. But even if

definite on August 30 following. Thus, German genius and Russian markets, in "No (arnation Russian monolithic opposition to EDC space, and strength should combine,

prevail. British to reliance came, somehow, the facts on time and Time"

British policy Historic of geopolitics could on the contiprevent immediate INSTANT is potential to divide nent <IMAl WHOU WHEAT herself, while, W:m at the same time—ifdangerposto sia,strongembracingobjection.eachGermanyother, wouldand Rustend

sible—attempting to unite those thus at least to absorb each other's untrustdivided, against the strongest power on ing dispositions. And while they meanthe continent! In this case that power time collaborated and watched each

is Russia. other, Britain, with Japan and America

The immediate future diplomacy of at her back in the Pacific, could court

Britain is quite clear: (1) NATO does the Chinese giant from Hong Kong,

Same Famous Family As Carnation Milk not expire for fifteen years. The Amerand perhaps (!) split the Russianican Air Force is so enmeshed in NATO (Concluded on page 846)

774 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. '

.. families agree No wonder

::::.::.::...,,:: 3S:::::: '?!:'!$...'i "i'.":.....*S.::,.,.::,;.,.:.:.:.:.-...-.-,,,,,,.-,. -.-.,,;;

))/.—'%> -,,,..:,..;,-.:

"YOU ARE "TOAST OF.,'LASSIE"THE TOWN"THERE"-trtrflsy SUNDAYS SUNDAYS SUNDAYS

4:30 p.m. 5:00 p.m. 6:00 p.m.

"ANNIE "I LOVE "DECEMBER OAKLEY"LUCY"BRIDE"FRIDAYS MONDAYS L t- MONDAYS 6:30 p.m. 7:00 p.m. / V"/ 7:30 p.m.

: "STORIES OF "MEET I "CLOVERLEAF:;....

THE CENTURY"CORLISS ARCHER"THEATER"

THURSDAYS THURSDAYS TUESDAYS 8:00 p.m. 9:00 p.m. *. 7:00 p.m.

V y.,,.:.:.>::->v':: '-:-:---:: -"

on KSLTV Sure, there's an awful lot of really wonderful programming on television these days—but

there's no need for more than one video receiver!

To avoid contention, watch the channel programmed for the family... keep your dial set on

KSLTV IS CBSTV IN THE MOUNTAIN WEST

NOVEMBER 1954 775

\Jnlclal Oraan, o, THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF

EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, The Voice of the Church"WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER

AGENCIES OF

Uke Lkurcn oft

/reins Lskriit

Or cJLatterdait Sainti r*J VOLUME 57 > NUMBER 11—YjovamLr 1954 n-J

Editors: DAVID 0. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Editor: C. Associate Managing JOSEPHSON MARBA

Editor: Production - Research L. MOFFITT ELIZABETH ALBERT

- Editor: ManuscriptJ. IRIS Editor:ZOBELL, PARKER

- Editors: G. JR.ARCHIBALD BENNETT HOMER DURHAM

- - JR. S. HARRIS, NIBLEY LEE A. PALMER ContributingFRANKLIN HUGHF. *Jhe C-ouer - B. B. SIDNEY SPERRY PETERSEN CLAUDE

- Associate General R. Manager: Manager: CURTIS BERTHA S. REEDER ELBERT

Business Manager: JOHN D. GILES - Advertising Director: VERL F. SCOTT

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR

Dale Kilbourn's fullcolor painting entitled "A Time of Thankfulness"is reproduced on our cover this month. Its

thoughtful, prayerful mood sets the patThe Editor's Page tern for the coming holiday season.

A Good Life to Live President David O. McKay 785

Church Features

Your Question: The Savior's Visit to the Spirits in Prison

Joseph Fielding Smith 786 St. Louis, in the Story of the Church Louise Linton Salmon 788 EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES

Are We Carried in the Wagons? Delia M. Bates 794 50 North Main Street

How the Saints Fed the Indians Leonard J. Arrington 800 Y.M.M.I.A. Offices, 50 North Main St.

Genealogy: The Importance of Genealogical Work. Helen Barlow 802 Y.W.M.I.A. Offices, 40 North Main St.

The Purpose of Keeping Records and Doing Temple Work Salt Lake City 1, Utah—- W. Bruce Hilton 803 Copyright 1954 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a CorpoThe Deseret Alphabet Leslie L. Sudweeks 804 rationment Associationof the Youngof theMen'sChurchMutualof JesusImproveChrist

reserved. SubSaints. All rights Latterday 780 The Melchizedek Priesthood 832 of Church Moves On

in year, price, advance $2.50 scription a Genealogy 802, Bishopric's 803 Presiding Page 834 in advance subscriptions, $3.00 a year, foreign

25c single copy.;

Special Features EnteredUtah, as atsecondclassthe Post matter.Office, SaltAcceptanceLake City,for

Boys'Thinking Emma Dale 787 mailingfor in sectionat special1103. rateAct ofof Octoberpostage 1917.providedauThe Church and Mental Health Veon G. Smith 790 thorized July 2, 1918.

Their Gifts are Overpowering Rose A. Openshaw 796 unsolicitedThe Improvementmanuscripts,Era is butnot responsiblewelcomes confor

All manuscripts be accommust Poetry is a Practical Art Maryhale Woolsey 798 tributions.

delivery postage for panied by sufficient Lost—A Boy W. G. Montgomery 808 return. and

A Life Lesson..Helen Hinckley Jones 810

America—A Place Prepared Chaplain Richard H. Henstrom 812 Change of Address

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Fifteen days'notice required for change of..Richard L. Evans 818, 824, 828 address.clude addressWhen sliporderingfrom a a change,recent pleaseissue inof

the magazine. changes cannot Address be Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. New Balance of Power? G. Homer the old unless address as well as made the new

774 Harris, is Jr included. 773 Durham one

Book Reviews 782 These Times, European Affairs: A Your Page & Ours.848

Today's Family Six SaltRising Bread Recipes, Iris The Thanksgiving Favorite 842 National Advertising Representatives

Parker 836 How I reached My Inspiration

Hints 839 Point, Handy Evelyn Witter 843 S. TOWNSEND EDWARD COMPANY

Incentives If to School Building LearnRuss Home I were Moana B. in My Teens,

Francisco, California San ing, Annie Tungeln..840 Laurie Bennett Von 844

S. TOWNSEND EDWARD COMPANY

1324 Wilshire Blvd.

Stories, Poetry Los Angeles 17, California

Love is Not Measured: Rosa Lee Lloyd 792 SADLER AND342 SANGSTONMadison Ave.ASSOCIATES

Company in the Kitchen Eva Evans 798 New York 17, N. Y.

& SONS Elizabeth Skipping Rope, The CrawPoetry Page 784 30DAVIS St. N. LaSalle

7S Illinois Chicago, Unspoken, Nina Willis Walter 827 Frontispiece'Is "Three, ""ll a Linda

Lewis Funderburgh 783 My Friend, Mildred Goff 845 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations 776 7fi:".-."r-.v.- -.:;-.--.: THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

i. look 4r ihe Mertnaid'on ihe Idel

-tot'{fie efioiee tuna

T&mMffltonlQfase loop MACARONI LAYERS 1 '/j cups elbowlength macaroni cup bread crumbs % cup grated cheese tablespoon each chopped parsley, oniorj 2 tablespoons chopped pimiento teaspoon salt 2 eggs, slightly beaten 1 cup milk TUNA LAYER NATIONAL 2 cans White Star Brand Tuna

TUNA WEEK 2 eggs cup bread crumbs NOV. 4-13 ''/j

milk 72 cup:|/2 teaspoon salt

74 teaspoon each paprika and pepper

America's BiggestSelling Tuna has 1 tablespoon chopped parsley 2 tablespoons lemon juice the Blonde Mermaid on the label! Cook macaroni tender in boiling salted

Water; drain, rinse, drain again. Add rest of

Are you o Newcomer ngredients for macato the West? roni layer. Mix. Put half

White Star Brand is the greasedthis mixture10"x5"x3"into a same quality tuna you loaf pan. Make tuna

enjoyed back home layer: beat eggs in

as Chicken of the bowl, add rest of inSea brand. gredients. Mix, spread

over macaroni layer in pan, then pour rest of macaroni mixture over layer. at Bake tuna

1 - (moderate) 325 F to *JJT Turn l 1 hours. out and Jf A tti??/

slice. Makes 8 servings. QCfr?\f

3ffesa2Btf*40MSl4

America's Greatest Names in Sea Food...

White Star Brand Tuna (Chunk and Solid Pack);

Chicken of the Sea Brand Dietetic Tuna, Strained Tuna, Frozen Tuna Pie;

Van Camp Sea Food Company, Inc., Terminal Island, Calif. Willapoint Brand Oysters and Oyster Stew.

NOVEMBER 1954 777 } Seek I not for llRtcbee I but for

*<* 1. THE CONTENT, STRUCTURE AND AUTHORSHIP i.gl H-r % OF THE BOOK OF MOR-

2. ETERNITY? TIME FOR OR MON

J. N. Washburn E. by Petersen by Mark

thrilling subinto and a vast An inquiry * that is becombook percepnew An important keen author whose ject an by to a middle pursue him enabled has of it's seller warm, best because ing a objectively anacourse the road necesthe concerning inspiring counsel *&?**& oftion Mr. Washof Mormon.in the Book lyzingIJ marriage, living, of temple crisity clean answers and reviews carefully burn

Gentile and Jew Mormon, of of high standards maintenance and accepting difficulty mayfor have ticismswho Interesting, Church. Impressive, the of Mororigin of the Bookin divine the

$2.00 Authoritative. $3.00 mon.

8. FAITH YOUR AND 7. FIRST 2,000 THE 6. IDEALS GOSPEL YOU YEARS by by Skousen Cleon by O. David McKay E. Petersen Mark

Fascinating! book A inspired The words E. of Petersen Mark together brings %QO0 which that President David of Council the Twelve cover the under one O. has written McKay prehas Apostles the from facts salient and spoken during that volume a pared to the of time Adam five decades! to alert readers will Abraham! of days richly rewarding nearlyA benefits the untold speci500 than More'gives which you book those awaiting who anproblems guidance, comfort, truth. live the by young ficswered for encouragement and $3.00 alike! $3.25 old and conviction. $4.00 c

MATCHLESS DOLLAR BOOKS

12. WE BELIEVE 14. MINUTE MASTERPIECES 15. GEMS OF THOUGHT 16. A LETTER TO MY SON 17. GOD PLANTED A TREE

by Ora Pate Compiled by Compiled by By Ora Pate Stewart by Ora Pate Stewart

Stewart Milton R. Hunter Milton R. Hunter An outstanding literary work An inspiration and help in

Bible, studying emphasis places proper and that an is size pocket book This first time, For the on guidvolume valuable a a instruction simthe forth perspective on and thesetting for those "must"valuable people the young Mafor and old. young ance for man's genealogical heritage. virtues make which ple inspirational phien.oy who gif0 Church from have of the primarily ter gleaned; a | to to suplement Bible adjustment study. A a wholesome verse. prose, losophy, and explaining $1.00 discourses. book a conference $1.00 life. $1.00 $1.00 Faith of Articles the

in real earthly lan21. 20. to unSTORY Easy SERMONS OF MINUTE 19. guage. NUGGETS SERMONS 18. GOLDEN THE OVER BRANCHES

interestCompiled by Compiled derstand, by THOUGHT WALL

L. Jr. L. Zobell, Albert Jr. Albert Zobell, authoritaing, Compiled by and Stewart Pate Ora by literary achievement L. Another Believe"tive. Marler Ezra "We Timeless quotations fifty by tribe of of the story The subjects by varied on the docmany sets down General Authorities us concern- "Thoughts what we make in the Joseph as told Book Authorities of General the trines Church. of the is ing such little subjects this book atoneand are"is of is a "Joseph Mormon. this L.D.S. the Church—$1.00 ment, of choice education, filled with volumes prayer,as well; a by bough compilation latest Zobell's truth, etc. truth, great of beauty, and to aid A the liover run fruitfulwhose branches your for a treasure and gospel discussions. poets, by spoken... $1.00 wisdombits wall."$1.00 $1.00 brary. $1.00 sages. prophets and 13. SCRAPBOOKLES GO

Goates Les by UNEARTHED 25. TELLER'S TREASURES STORY 24. HIS MANSIONS 23. SERMONETTES MANY GOSPEL

SCRAPBOOK L#* '22. wit, of lifetime Compiled by Stewart Pate by A Ora S. Howells Rulon by objec- R. Dr. Hunter and Milton humor Compiled by implies! title Just the what has reporting tive

L. Albert is Jr. Zobell, about guessing no There of inspired richly book This by assembled been inof veritable treasure of teachings is A the continuaother a Hunter's Dr. his for Goates Les Interesting in stories this volume compiled churches with to will lead pasthat beautiful the formation tion of Clipped scrapbook.

It is ideal library. an your in to preyour reading make sages and understandcomplete writings a more his from 13 beliefs of Reveals book. of vious "G abilities emshis compiledbook, speaking promore Deseret in the News of of the Book ing Mormon. Contains churches. is It leading of harvest a Thought."past 20 the taught exfound. during by Stewart Pate Ora again 10 chart on comparative a counsel by advanced wise is here years, of knowledge ample Lessonsand forth a brings book which Christian and Denomonations at genauthorities general readcasual choice, long others are rememall quesDoctrinal those treasured important the by will past be ral over conferences e its best. at ing $1.00 bered. $2.25 tions. it. $1.00 years. five $1.00 read who $1.00

26. THE AMERICAS BEFORE COLUMBUS By Dewey Farnsworth $5.00

778 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 3. DOCTRINES OF 4. MATTHEW COWLEY, 5. A CHILD'S STORY OF THE

SALVATION MAN OF FAITH PEARL OF GREAT PRICE

Sermons and Writings of Joseph by Henry A. Smith by Deta Petersen Neeley Fielding Smith

experitold rich collection of warmly R. A Bruce McConkie by Compiled in the Pearl of treasures held rare The life of the beloved Matences the from foremost a This important work by in story simple told Price are Great It's the story impelling Cowley. thew fills of the scholar gospel a Church in illustrated ordramatized form, and his life his his of mother with boyhood, authoritative material for great need at children interest of to an arouse der exfather, missionary fascinating and in so Church often questions debated on is for person possible early age. any all the the periences Maoris, with and groups. of a wealth and Contains new ability reading fourthIt grade possessing life in other spent of poignant a information unavailable otherwise on diffithis inspired without story to read service of the and man. Goddetails subjects. gospel many this will find culty. story Adults, too,

(Release date (Release date appealing and complete. SI. 75

November 10, 1954. $3.00) November 25, 1954. $3.50)

ft jgS LATTERDAY SAINTS FACINATINC STORIES FOR YOUNG

10. 11. BIBLE STORIES 4 THE STORY OF 9. BOOK OF MORSTORIES CHURCH OUR MON StorBible are Here

rewill long Children it will capture that ies to your You owe true, these member i interests to of Ihe that young see stirring stories heart is Saints Latterday reading and familygood after long reading their appretheir in hands. enhance placed

Rich beaand them. - Gospel. the ciation of faith promoting The

utiful, of Book Morincidents stories $3.00 and

is filled Stories mon of history our in the lore scriptural with will help church the concerning Netes- strengthen young phite Lamanite and timonies. $3.00

vu $3.00OO. nUTIUIlb.nations. T*TJ f lF s

NO FINER GIFT FOR MEMBERS

OF YOUR FAMILY...

28. Get your children started now on their Book of

Remembrance. Contains pedigree charts and other

genealogy forms to get started with no effort. $5.00

27. A brand new temple record

binder with choice of five beautiful in embossed artfully temples gold BOOKCRAFT

Protects cover. leatherette on rich

records against dust, priceless smears. smudges and $3.00 1 1 86PleaseSouthsend Main,the followingSalt LakecircledCity,booksUtahfor which I enclose

( ) check or ( ) money order for $ 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28

NAME 1Bookcraft1 86 South Main Salt Lake City Utah ADDRESS

CITY & STATE NOVEMBER 1954 779 THE CHURCH MOVES ON A Day To Day Chronology Of Church Events

Cannon 11, Stirling 6; Salt Lake

August 1954 Thirtieth 9, Inglewood 2. September 1954

i\ s\ religious Special services were held held in the Again were matches allFifth the San Diego won oo in the 1 Joslin AudiMemorial tennis allChurch tournament. "junior softball tournaChurch

torium, under the Omaha, direction of defeating Salt by Lake ment City the Church. Representing the rt Church First for Presidency released The 2. Thirtieth, results to 9 were Other

Elders were D. Henry Moyle, "LeGrand architects'publication the draw- (for 8, Inglewood third 7 Nephi and

Richards, S. and of the Bennion Adam British of ing buildthe Temple. The First seventh); (for 6, 2 Mesa Cannon

of Council the Twelve, Elder is and of design the ing Ander- O. Edward fifth Fifth ninth); 10, and Layton Os-

B. Brown, to Assistant the Hugh Counarchitect, son, designed has temple who 6 (for fourth good eighth); and Ogden

cil of the as as Twelve, well the Angeles the temples. Swiss many Los and Fifth 12, (for sixth Bothwell and

Church members. "Come, Come Ye tenth). The allstar team was selected Supervising architect of the British TemSaints,"a historical pageant presented as follows: c. Byron Anderson, Bothwell; ple will be Sir Thomas Bennett of the

by the Church, was given an evening p. Bud Zirker, Salt Lake City Thirtieth; London firm of T. P. Bennett and Son.

performance in Turner Park in Omaha. lb. Manuel Sierres, Mesa First; 2b. He will proceed immediately in preparHugh McMillan, San Diego Fifth; ss. ing detailed plans for construction of

si\ The annual allChurch junior Tom Gonsales, San Diego Fifth; 3b the temple, which work he will supersoftball tournament opened in Gary Batchelor, Ogden Fifth; of. Joel vise.

Salt Lake City. Games are being played Sperry, Nephi First; Gordon Kelson, Play in the allChurch tennis tournathis year at Derks Field and Glade Park. Nephi First, George Kinder, San Diego ment continued.

Scores for today: Fifth; Utility, Dick McFerson, IngleProvo Eleventh 10, Ogden Fifth 9; wood. The Primary Association anCannon 9, Weston 8; Nephi First 17, The Yearbook of American Churches nounced the appointment of Lue S.

West Point 12; South Edgehill 10, Las reported that more Americans than Groesbeck to membership on the genVegas Second 9; eral Salt Lake City Thirtieth board. ever membefore—59.5 percent—were

19, Aurora 5; LibertySharon 6, BothPlay in the allChurch tennis tournabers in of churches and synagogues

well 5; Layton Fifth 5, Pocatello 1953. The figure in 1940 was forty ment continued.

Eighteenth 1; Emerson 13, Malad Third percent; at the turn of the century,

12. twenty percent. Today Protestant dePresident Bruce R. McConkie of

nominations claim more than 55,000,- the First Council of the Seventy opr Scoresgames: in today's junior softball 000,accordingor 35.1to percentthe yearbook.of the population,More than dedicatedEighthFifteenththe chapelWard,of theNorthPocatelloPocaEmerson 7, Stirling 6; Nephi 7, Grid31,000,000 or 19.8 percent are members tello (Idaho) Stake.

ley (forfeit); Weston 12, Wilford 4; of the Roman Catholic Church. (The Elder Vern L. Nebeker, recently secPocatello Eighteenth 13, Las Vegas Secratio between Protestants and Catholics ond counselor, sustained as first counond 1; Eugene 8, Lake View 3; Inglehas remained fairly constant over the selor in the Union (Oregon) Stake

wood 16, LibertySharon 3; Layton years.) Jewish groups list 5,000,000 presidency, succeeding Elder Milan D.

Fifth 14, South Edgehill 2; San Diego Americans as members. Smith. Elder Ernest Clifford Anderson

Fifth 12, Provo Eleventh 0; Salt Lake Sunday School statistics for the sustained as second counselor.

Thirtieth 6, Mesa First 5; Osgood 3, Church for 1953 were announced as

Cannon 2. follows: 983,025 members enrolled in These are the winners in the all3582 Sunday Schools and 65 home SunChuch tennis tournament: Men's

Today's games in the junior softday Schools. Enrolment had increased senior A doubles: Linn Rockwood and

ball tournament were: by 153,408 members over 1952. Of the Ed Pinegar; Junior singles: Wayne

Cannon 4, Provo Eleventh 2; West total Sunday School enrolment, 61,750 Pearce; Senior B singles: Sperry Ruckert;

Point 4, Malad Third 1; Mesa First 13, were officers and teachers, an increase Senior B doubles: Marv Ashton and

South Edgehill 4; Stirling 7, Gridley of 4,252 officers and teachers over Howard Badger; Over 40 division: Don

(forfeit); LibertySharon 9, Lake View 1952. Dixon; Fatherson division: Dutch Can-

3; Ogden Fifth 9, Weston 7; Pocatello non and Harmon Cannon; Mixed famEighteenth 16, Aurora 3; Nephi First OA Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson of the ily doubles: Marv Ashton and Norma

26, Emerson 1; Inglewood 17, Eugene Presiding Bishopric dedicated the Ashton; Boys division: Steve Bennett.

2; San Diego Fifth 11, Osgood 2; Bothchapel of the Enoch Ward, Parowan

well 22, Heyburn 1; Salt Lake City (Utah) Stake. President David O. McKay celeThirtieth 3, Layton Fifth 2. brated the eightyfirst anniversary

)A The annual allChurch tennis of his birth. During the day he left for

2h Scores in the junior softball games: tournament opened at the Liberty Chicago, Illinois.

Mesa Fifth 14, LibertySharon 10; Park courts in Salt Lake City.

Osgood 10, Emerson 7; Layton Fifth 13, Ijj President David O. McKay was

Eugene 5; Bothwell 4, Pocatello Play continued in the allChurch made an honorary member of the

Eighteenth 3; San Diego Fifth 5, Nephi elI tennis tournament in Salt Lake International College of Surgeons durFirst 3; Ogden Fifth 8, West Point 3; City. ing its convention in Chicago.

780 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -| O Elder EIRay L. Christiansen, As-

'sistant to the Council of the "':>>::

Twelve, dedicated the Indian chapel at

Blanding, Utah.

Elder Robert Roscoe Garrett sus- i tained as president of the Juab (Utah)

Stake, succeeding President Lester H. Introducing Western's new

Belliston, with whom he served as second counselor. Elder Ernest Rulon

Brough sustained as first counselor, the position he held with President Belliston, and Elder Garnett Ray Burtenshaw sustained as second counselor.

1 Elder Hugh B. Brown, Assistant to

- the Council of the Twelve, dedithecated chapel of the Kirkland Ward, DC6Bdeluxe Daylight service toSeattle Stake. (Washington)

i i The allChurch softball tourna- 0 ment began at Derks Field and Glade Park in Salt Lake City. Scoresin the games were: San Antonio (Texas) MINNEAPOLIS

5, Jerome Second (Idaho) 4; Ontario

5, Pocatcllo Seventeenth(California) ST. PAUL 5, Pioche Second(Idaho) 1; Holladay

2; Mesa Sixth (Arizona) 2, Spanish

Fork Third 1; Haven 11, Richfield

Third 6 (playoff for entrance into tournament); Downey Second (California) 8, Naples 3; Bountiful Fourth

12, Carmichael (California) 7; Pocatello Tenth (Idaho) 4, Phoenix Seventh

(Arizona) 3; Providence First 10, Delta

Second 2; Cannon Fourth 11, Raymond

Third (Canada) 10; Brigham Fourth 8,

Grace (Idaho) 1; Ogden Thirtyfourth

9, San Leandro (California) 0; Syracuse 5, Riverside (California) 2; Wellsville First 7, Kirtland (New Mexico)

(forfeit); Plain City 2, Pleasant Green

1; Haven 15, Tacoma First (Washington) 2; Provo Thirteenth 7, Kimball 5.

I E Scores in the allChurch softball tournament were:

Championship bracket: Haven 10,

Syracuse 8; Mesa Sixth 5, Ontario 0;

1, Thirtyfourth FourthOgden Cannon

First 6, Providence0; Holladay Second Now you can fly Western's famous

11, Pocatcllo4; Fourth Brigham Tenth

5; San Antonio 5, Downey Second 2;

Wellsville First 11, Bountiful Fourth 1; I

5.Plain City 6, Provo Thirteenth Leaves service! Bracket: Consolation Kimball j-,rfred,*?raroet"—outstanding am. 1 11:50 8, America's CHPleasant 12, Riverside 5; Green Tacoma

First 5; Salt Lake ThirtyFourth 9, Ts Angeles Both make atIf-L with fast 14,Carmichael Second 3; Jerome Naples OrflyWestern's ****%&&,at the 1wm 12; Pioche 12, 5; Delta Second Phoenix direct connections

Seventh 20, Grace 1; San Leandro 16, flights to,rmel.,.

Airlines, or see yq Third 6; SpanishRaymond Fork Third Call Western<>,W—4. 14, Pocatcllo Seventeenth

| & Scores in the allChurch softball tournament:

Championship bracket: Providence

First 3, Pocatello Tenth 0; Haven 1,

Wellsville First 0; Ogden Thirtyfourth

1, San Antonio 0; Plain City 10, Mesa

Sixth 7.

Second round losers'bracket: Bounti-

(Concluded on page 846) NOVEMBER 1954 781 Book Reviews A DICTIONARY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON (Published by Philip C. Reynolds.

1954—4th edition. 344 pages. $3.50.)

This is a reprint of a very helpful work originally written and copyright by

George Reynolds, 1891; later by the

Deseret Sunday School Union in 1910;

reprinted by the Deseret Book Company in 1929—and now copyright by Philip

C. Reynolds, son of the compiler.

It "contains the name of every person and place mentioned in the Book of

Mormon and also includes some added appendices by J. M. Sjbdahl and a pronouncing vocabulary by Professor John

M. Mills with President Anthon H.

Lund and Dr. James E. Talmage associated with him."It is a valuable tool

and a helpful and enlightening volume for all students of the Book of—R.Mormon.L. E.

THE COMING OF THE MORMONS (Jim Kjelgaard, Random House, New

York City. 1953. 183 pages. $1.50.)

A s one of the Landmark Series on * great events and people in American history this book is written with easy, readable style for youth and illustrated with simple maps and drawings. In the

space available, and, for youth, the author has done an excellent job in porIt's the grapes! traying the trek across the plains and the

early problems of the Pioneers. There is

The world's finest grapes are grown little on origins or theology and none in the sundrenched San Joaquin of the strained efforts made by some

Valley of California on the Western authors to "explain Mormonism,"and

Slope of the High Sierras. From these there is no attempt to be clever by

welicared-for vineyards, stretching barbed remarks so frequent with this mile after mile, only the best of each theme. It is just a highly interesting

year's crop is selected and dried in book which might have been written and sun the Plump Meaty to make raisins. That's and by a sympathetic, wellinformed rePlump Brand why

Meaty Brand are the tastiest, plumpporter who saw the events and underest, meatiest, most luscious raisins stood what the people were doing. The

you ever ate! author gives a feeling for the practical

problems faced by the Mormon Pioneers

Make all your foods RICH with and their attitude and philosophy toPlump and Meaty Brand raisins. ward life in meeting these problems.

Plump and Meaty Brand Natural Adults as well as older children should

Seedless Raisins are: enjoy this moving account, as did the

PURE reviewer. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

UNADULTERATED CONTAIN NO CHEMICALS OR ARTIFICIAL PRESERVATIVES

THE SKIPPING ROPE

Luscious Plump and Meaty raisins come to By Elizabeth Crawford Yates the were packed day they you as fresh as in Flavotite cartons twicesealed or bags. SheAndhadlightlya purpleleapedskippingto showrope

They stay fresh and hold their natural goodThe running in and jumping once ness and taste. Try them today! And how the children go

When running in and jumping twice,

SAVE! Buy the economical two and four ThenUntil itrunningseemedouttheoncecommonmore street

pound bags, twicesealed in Flavotite. Was brighter than before.

They keep! It did not matter that the day

Was dark with cloud, and cool,

I a sunny child had seen to school. VAGIM PACKING COMPANY FRESNO, CALIFORNIA ForSkip along

782 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA f inda is three.

Today she crept To watch her brother as he slept;

She stroked his cheek with crooning sound,

Then tucked the blanket all around;

A gentle little mother, she, At three.

[ inda is three.

So young and yet Service and love are sweetly met

Within her wee, warm woman's heart

Already she's of life a part;

She meets its claims with joyous glee

At three.

Cweet Linda, This is my prayer for you:

God keep you gentle, good, and true,

And through the years let his own grace

Shine ever in your happy face,

As now it shines, undimmed and free,

At three.

-H. Armstrong Roberts photo.

NOVEMBER 1954 783 MIDDLEAGED GARDENER'S FANCY

By Vonna Hicks Adrian

watched my rarest rose draw near its

its taste it to time nurtured climax, the that flower a fancy glory, wove Still, OfIOf hour

And I were twins, unfolding toward our prime.

WISH ON AN AUTUMN STAR WESTERN PERFUME Our prime—that briefest breath! Arrival

meets By Eleanor A. Chaffee By Thelma Ireland Departure then: meridian knows no term.

And thus I woke one day to find the sweets are vanished, to noon had leaving tauted '"P'here perfumes, Of confirm many for only could doTf November me * Their advent, rose only a with browning verbiage, exotic-* With for tree! maple What my edge. exciting the odor But mostIt brittle, shook that dry, twigs were downit does

I to cruel miss the Is while How sage. of moment the rain smell onSent from a turquoise sky a wind

slept strip leaves that dead with wereTo brown Bitter to wake the and entering know rust,

Swept them away with the summer's dust. Of time!wedge A childish hour or two I wept

Until I knew rose to hold my evening its loosenedAll that November left is strong Within cup a heartEnough to live without sun or song of gold.

Through winter's season, and hidden deep

At the roots, a small dream stirs in sleep, PRAYER OF A WANDERER

that April will returnKnowing By John W. Stansfield

all her golden candles burnAnd theAcross and free, gay meadows, branch, one a topmost onAnd for me I SOFTLY,Over the long miles,

I hear the muted call of Thy trumpet;

FAMILY TIES It recalls to my weary heart, By Allie ]. Hilder The quiet solace I found in

—Photo by Jeano Orlando The peaceful valley of the

HHhese are the happy years when we are Saints of Zion;

bound ALIEN HEART Close to the hearts of those we love so well; Oh, Moroni, blessed one,

When yellow lamplight gathers children By Florence Drake Guide me back to thy people, round In the shadow of To hear the stories Grandma loves to tell. HPhey could not understand him. Nor The everlasting hills of home!

-*- could he These are the precious days when family With any truth explain his need to be ties Near open doors, near windows, or some MAN OF YESTERDAY

Have strung the golden moments on a place chain, Beyond the closures of a ceilinged space. By Grace Barker Wilson

As lovely as the drenched red rose that lies trail, took "LJe the western heart unafraid, known streets and sidewalks all hisBeneath the slanting sheets of silver rain. He had

* body days strong to * And meet whatever alien feet stress felt walked his that Yet young is the in glow gathered the familyThis require, Adventure feet might ways. that on made bright, ever burning homefires peacefulOf the reached ran across lonesome path and ran and the he day A wilderness One like falls gently powdered laughterWhere prairie land, Of to rivers their edge up source; snow

street, over of of Then with tended mountains, rugged, house high, Of walk, and delight. soul's of the landscape theUpon chill, hedge.

timbered, So heavy that to find a course, a miracle of skill. woodman'sGod, keep the yellow lamplight in the He strode through meadow grass up to his Required

room, The tiny nose pressed near the windowHe listenedknees; to lamenting doves. A breeze AndAnd blazedyet he akepttrailtheof wayglorywithto thesteadyWest.care,

pane; still bleaching it Though bones heart here his hampered and Breathed mark on him moon, to the loudly crickets callingThe there, its and foreignness with joyous through lane. Burst the in growing roses windblownThe hardships turned his No from certain start. him

quest.

And keep the family safe, and hold them He climbed the greening slopes of a high Today a busy empire stretches wide fast hill Through lands the pioneer took in his stride.

Within these walls; guard all their hopes He reached the summit where he stood until

and fears, His eyes absorbed a world he had not

Make each new moment dearer than the known. FORGET THE HOUR

last And breathing deeply—claimed it as his

... the family years.In these own. By Eva Willes Wangsgaard

FAIRY LINEN HOUSECLEANING '"The* Thegarnetrichruby-deep tintstonesof ofthewildmaples,rose,

By Eva Evans The gold of the poplar and willow

By Frances Stockwell Lovell Will vanish when sudden wind blows.

last, trees; to polish the fond gave a She The turquoise and jade in the necklace piles yellow red into the and BrushedLast night the fairies spread their lace

Upon my grass and every place leaves; Of bronze worn by each mallard drake

I look, I see Swept all the cobwebs from the ceiling blue; Will be lifted on winds of the morning,

Small, neat squares of Valenciennes. Then sighed and thought, "I've had so Be lost in some distant canebrake.

Elfin laundry always means much to do!

This day will be I'm tired, now."And, through the winter Then pause here forgetting the hour,

Bright where sun and clouds sashay. night, The task, and our poor hurryings.

By old wives'tales I plan my day, She slept beneath snow blankets, fleecy For soon enough will this beauty

All worryfree. white. Discover its own shining wings.

784 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA V>3>-9V>->OV>vJ\3V7sJs>s?v7

A Good Life to Live Excerpts from Gospel Ideals.,,!i 1 1 OT..

by President David O. McKay =s-q=

Theof Jesus:Church accepts as literally true the saying to Thereobtain is eternalno one life,greatandthingit seemswhich towemecanthatdo

"... I am come that they might have life, the great lesson to be learned in the world today

and that they might have it more abundantly."is to apply in the little acts and duties of life

(John 10:10.) the glorious principles of the gospel. Let us not

We believe, however, that this abundant thinkand trivialthat thatbecausetheysomeare unimportant.things may seemLife, smallafter

life is obtained... by the application to daily all, is made up of little things. Our life, our

life of the principles that Jesus taught. being, physically, is made up here of little heartThese principles are few and simple. The beats. Let that little heart stop beating, and life

first of these, and the foundation upon which a in this world ceases... and so the true Christian

true Christian society is built, is: Love the Lord life is made up of little Christlike acts performed

thy God with all thy heart, mind, and strength. this hour, this minute, in the home, in the quo-

A belief in a Supreme Being who lives and loves rum, in the organization, in the town, wherever our life and acts may be cast. his children—a belief that gives power and vigor

to the soul—an assurance that he can be approached for guidance, and that he will manifest himself to those who seek him. I love the gospel. It is truly the power of God

unto salvation and to happiness here and now.

A second is: The acceptance of the truth that life I wish all men and women could accept it and

is a gift of God, and therefore divine. cherish its ideals and apply them in their daily

The proper use of this gift impels man to belives. What a happy world we might be living

come the master, not the slave, of nature. His in if we only would be kind and considerate

appetites are to be controlled and used for the of one another, as the gospel teaches.

benefit of his health and the prolongation of life. His passions mastered and controlled for

the happiness and blessing of others and the perWe declare that the gospel, the glad tidings petuity of the race. of great joy, is the true guide to mankind; and

that men and women are happiest and most con-

A third principle is: Personal integrity. tent who live nearest to its teachings.

By this I mean, plain, everyday honesty, The principles of the gospel are the surest, sobriety, and respect for others'rights, such as safest guide to mortal man. Christ is the light to

will win the confidence of one's fellows. This humanity. No person, no group, no nation can

recognition applies to nations as well as to indiachieve true success without following him who viduals. It is as wrong for a nation, because it said:

is powerful, to steal from another and oppress it, as it is for an individual to rob and kill his neigh- "I am the light of the world: he that followeth

bor. me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the

A fourth essential is: Social consciousness that light of life."(Ibid., 8:12.)

awakens in each individual the realization that it is his duty to make the world better for his having been in it. It is glorious just to be alive. Joy, even ecstasy,

% % $ *. ifc -S|i can be experienced in the consciousness of existence. There is supreme satisfaction in sensing

The very heart and spirit of this standard is one's individual entity and in realizing that that expressedSmith—"Ifin mythe lifestatementis of noofvaluethe Prophetto my friends,Joseph areentitynoneis partso poor,of God'snonegreatso rich,creativesick,plan.or maimedThere

it is of no value to me."who may not be conscious of this relationship.

The NOVEMBER 1954 Editors Page,>>?%Q&&zC>czc&785

EDITOR'S NOTE

Response to Your Question is so large that it is possible to answer on these pages but a small percentage of the questions submitted. When you write, be sure

to include your name and address in case it seems advisable to answer your letter personally.

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

The Savior's Visit to the Spirits in Prison

"The question arose in our Sunday School The fact remains, as we discover by a more careful m class as to whether or not the Savior consideration of the texts, that the message of the Savior went in person among the spirits in prison to preach the was, first to all those who were worthy of the celestial gospel to them. The following statements appear to he resurrection, and, secondly, to these honorable men who

in conflict. were disobedient because blinded by the craftiness of

"'And also they who are the spirits of men kept in men, but who on their repentance, or the receiving of prison, whom the Son visited, and preached the gospel the testimony of Jesus, were entitled to come forth in unto them, that they might be judged according to men the terrestrial kingdom.

in the flesh: (D. & C. 76:73.) In the Doctrine and Covenants, section 88, verse 99,

"And the following by President Joseph F. Smith in we discover that those who shall inherit the terrestrial

'Gospel Doctrine/ p. 473. kingdom will be entitled to come forth when the "sec-

"'But unto the wicked he did not go, and among the ond trump"shall sound at Christ's coming. These are

ungodly and the unrepentant who had defiled themselves they who "received their part in that prison which is while in the flesh, his voice was not raised, neither did prepared for them, that they might receive the gospel, the rebellious who rejected the testimonies and the warnand be judged according to men in the flesh."

ings of the ancient prophets behold his presence, nor The rest of the dead who evidently did not hear the look upon his face.'"voice of the Savior, and among whom he did not go,

.>;'':'"*'It. is very easy to obtain a misunderbut received the visitation of his servants the prophets

standing from a quotation of a part of a who were sent to them, are those who will not receive sentence, or from a verse which is detached from its the resurrection until the end, for they are the "spirits context. There is no conflict between the statement in of men who are to be judged, and are found under conFirst Peter 3:1820, Doctrine and Covenants 76:7375, demnation."(D. & C. 88:100.)

and the vision given to President Smith. Unfortunately The procedure spoken of by President Smith is a

the Sunday School class seemingly considered only the most natural one. While the Savior was on earth he

first half of the sentence. It should be understood that said he was sent only to the lost sheep of the house of

all spirits, both good and bad, were in prison, for none Israel. He did not proclaim his message among the

had been liberated until after the resurrection of Jesus Gentiles, but after his resurrection he sent his disciples

Christ. into all the world to every creature.

A more careful reading of what President Smith saw There is a common tendency among mankind to read will reveal that there is nothing in what he has written into texts some things which are not found therein, and that denies to Christ the privilege of speaking to all unless we use great care we may place faulty and those who were repentant; but his voice was not heard personal interpretations upon the sayings -of the prophets

among the "wicked,"the "ungodly,"and the unrepentant which by them were not intended.

who "had defiled themselves while in the flesh"and had When the Lord said by revelation, "For... the voice of

"rejected the warnings of the ancient prophets."the Lord is unto all men, and there is none to escape,"

There is nothing in the statement of Peter or in the (D. & C. 1:2) it should not be understood that he meant

Doctrine and Covenants, Section 76, that declares that that all men everywhere should hear his voice, but that he raised his voice among these wicked and ungodly his word should be proclaimed by his servants. (See

who were rebellious. The full text of Peter's declaraverse 4.) In the revelations the Lord frequently speaks

tion and that in the "Vision,"(Section 76) is that he of "the day of visitation."We do not understand that

took his message, first to the righteous and also to the this is a personal visitation but is to be a pouring out "honorable men of the earth, who were blinded by of his judgments upon the ungodly.

the craftiness of men."To them it was declared as

stated by Peter: "... that they might be judged according to men in the flesh, but live according to God in

the spirit."(I Peter 4:6.)

786 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA jiff '"',......'",.., thirtyfive cents to go instead of a

dime.

In dismay he had said, "Oh, gee,

Mom, all the kids get in for a dime, and I'm small for my age."

"What has your size got to do with it?"I had asked him. "If you told the

ticket girl you were twelve, would she let you in for a dime?"

"No, but maybe if I didn't say anything about my age she would."

"Living a lie is as bad as telling a lie,"I had replied. "If you haven't

the money to pay, stay home until you can save enough. Not paying

a full fare will hurt no one but yourself."

And so that day the matter had been settled for him but only the week before Jim had returned from a picture show party and in the course of his telling me about the party, had said, "Mike and Weston only paid a dime and so did the teacher's boy."

I knew it had troubled him.

I said casually to the boys, "You see, Jim is a deacon and a Boy Scout.

He couldn't possibly go swimming for nothing. That would be cheating."BOYS'THINKING Mike looked uncomfortable and

by Emma Dale said, "Well, I can go in free because I'm only twelve."His words hung

in a little cloud of stillness.

sighed as I heard my son Jim and and tried to concentrate on my letter I returned to my writing and did his two friends, Mike and Weston, writing. not point out what they so obviously

I noisily approaching the house. It While the boys ate their cones, knew, that only children under

seemed as if I'd never get a quiet mothey laughed and talked; looked at twelve years of age were permitted

ment in which to do my letter writfunny books, counted their money, to go into the pool free. They were

ing. and planned how much they could chattering as happily as ever when

As usual, Jim began to talk to me spend for fishing tackle and still have they left for their swim.

before he reached the door. enough left to pay for the week -long Evening came and Jim returned,

going patrol their trip was scouting spirits. glowing with good yelled, dollars,"he twelve "I made day. next the on as "I'm home, he yelled Mom,"living the entered as he thenand it cost will to much you "How go his bicycle against side the banged with wallet his and he openedroom I asked. swimming?"I of the house. guess what, "And dollar five twoa flourish handed me the at answered and Weston Jim still can swim!"bills. cents,"said time. "Fifteen same Jim. the went house around to hang We

"This doesn't look like twelve dol- "Nothing,"Weston said. his towel and swimming trunks on

lars to me,"I said. All in one "Gosh,"said Mike to Jim, "you can the line, then came through the

breath, it seemed, he said, "Well, you get in for nothing if you want to. I kitchen door. Jim was pulling his

see, Mom, we finished thinning beets do."purchases out of his pockets and talkabout eleven o'clock, so we ate our "I can't,"Jim said. "I'm thirteen."ing continuously, "Gosh I was afraid

lunches in the field and now we "Oh, you could, too,"insisted Mike. I'd forgotten how to swim, but I can

won't have any more to do until the "I do it all the time. They don't care."swim clear across the pool. And you

beets are ready to weed. So we can "Well, I can't,"Jim persisted. know, Mom, Weston and Mike paid

take our Scout trip and still have our "Mother wouldn't let me."fifteen cents to get in."

jobs when we get back and I'm keepAs I listened to their conversation "How come?"I asked.

ing two dollars to buy stuff with. We I could not help remembering the "That's just what I said,"he

want to go to town this afternoon first time my son went to a picture beamed, "'How come?'You see

and go swimming and buy some fishshow after his twelfth birthday. His Weston bought his ticket first and he

ing tackle and stuff for our trip tofather had raised his allowance to said, 'You'd better pay fifteen cents,

I go swimming? Canmorrow. Can I did.'princely dollar sum one come?'So I said Jim, 'How And a week—a

I, have some can we Mom, and forget. thought, 'Don't but before had he he said, Scouts had We're ice Jim

cream?"left for the show I had reminded and deacons, aren't we?'And Mike

I gave my consent to both requests him that now it would cost him said, 'We sure are.'"

NOVEMBER 1954 787 "... the Branch in St. Louis have

done their part...."So reported

the Journal History in 1847 when these members collected $705.84 and

sent it to Winter Quarters to help the Presidency remove to Utah. A

similar report might have been made of St. Louisans many other times in

the history of the Church, for although the role of St. Louis has been

only cursorily studied and infrequently mentioned, its inhabitants participated in almost every major experience of the Latterday Saint

Church during the early decades of its existence, and in more recent years have made many other contributions of importance.

Just nine months after the Church was organized, Latterday Saints first came to St. Louis. Westward bound

for Independence on the famous first "Lamanite Mission,"five elders,

Oliver Cowdery, Parley P. Pratt,

Peter Whitmer, Jr., Ziba Peterson,

and Frederick G. Williams, arrived

in St. Louis after walking hundreds

of miles over "vast prairies"and "trackless wilds of snow"when the winter was so bitter that ice blocked all steamer travel. These elders

were received hospitably twenty miles This chapel dedicated in 1949 was the first chapel built by the Church in the St. Louis area.

out of St. Louis, and they left a number of converts when they continued

westward to their destination. IN THE STORY

During the next seven years, hunLat- St. Louis OF THE CHURCHdreds—perhaps thousands—of

terday Saints followed their path by Louise Linton Salmon through the city to the western border of Missouri, for St. Louis was Pursuing our Journey, we [Pratt and with the result that they were able

the transfer of point all stage arrived at St. Murdock] Louis [in and John

February received 1832], were kindly by to extend some financial aid to other travelsteamer of the Midwest. Some

in the Saints forced from citizens their homes place, of that held meetsome and Mississippi viacame River up the ing with us them. conveyed They suppleover west. nonMormons Many others Orleans; came down theNew free Mississippi of the charge, conand we contributions, these few but mentedOhio River or along the Cumberland tinued our journey, preaching by the way.

Road from the east. In fact, most realized the extent of the LDS poputheir represenmidst. lation in The a St. Louis was than more muchof Saints in St. the Louis stopped

St. tatives to Missouri the Louis from transfer Saints, for point mere thebefore the continuing westward up of in favor in Legislature 1838 spoke

it however; refuge. of a place was

River;Missouri a a few took more of them, Mr. one the Saints; and of Persecution in the Saints western

northern route by foot. Missouri began soon after their arGyer, said he would leave the state

In July 1831 Joseph Smith arrived rival, and many returned to St. Louis if Governor Boggs did not rescind

in St. Louis by steamer and walked for safety. By January 1833 a proshis exterminating order.

the rest of the way to Independence, perous colony of Saints was well on During the Nauvoo period, 1839about three hundred miles. The its way. Although the population of 1846, there was a large colony of

same month, the branch of about the city in 1830 was only 4,977 and in Saints in the city, numbering in 1844 sixty Saints from Colesville, New 1840 reached 16,469, it was the only nearly seven hundred, or about four

York, under the leadership of Newel city in the Midwest large enough to percent of the population. Conferthe persecuted degree Saints someKnight, came through on their way give

of anonymity, to ences of the Church were held at cosmopolitan enough to build homes in Jackson County. be broadminded about their religious which some of the General AuthoriDiaries and records of the period views, and prosperous enough to proties presided. In fact, communicaabound with references such as the vide work for all who fled there. tions of all kinds were frequent befollowing made by Parley P. Pratt Hundreds, including Orson Pratt in tween the two cities, Nauvoo being

in his Autobiography: 1838, secured employment in the city, approximately two hundred miles up

788 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the river from St. Louis. Such peolous and faithpromoting incidents and parties, and Concert Hall was on sevple as Emma Smith and Eliza R. characterized these early years, and eralto witnessoccasionsMormonfilled theatricalwith personsperformances.gathered

Snow made numerous business trips most members anxiously waited for We have witnessed the congregation as it from Nauvoo. Diaries and letters of the time when they could join their issued from the hall at the religious meetNauvoo residents abound with referbrethren in the West. In September ings on Sundays, and certainly we think it

ences to trips to St. Louis to buy sup1844 the St. Louis Saints had sent does not compare unfavorably with the

plies: millstones, "leaf"and braid for ammunition and arms to Nauvoo for other congregations.

hats, food, clothing, paper for Times its defense. In 1847 they collected In 1854 Erastus Snow was sent to

and Seasons, and equipment for the their money for Winter Quarters. St. Louis to superintend emigration

opposition press, The Nauvoo ExposiIn 1848 the LDS Emigrant Guide across the. plains, and on November

tor, the one issue of which was an from Council Bluffs to Salt Lake City, 4, he established the only stake then inciter of the murder of the Prophet. used until the advent of the railroad existing outside Utah. He rented a

Moreover, many products grown and in 1869, was printed in St. Louis. In building for a church in the downmanufactured by the Saints in Nau1849 William Clayton's father died town area and soon began publishing

voo found ready market in St. Louis. here. a weekly newspaper, The St. Louis

Later, on the trip west, Brigham During the next decade St. Louis Luminary. Milo Andrus was made

Young sent a delegation to St. Louis played an even more important part St. Louis Stake president, and fifteen

to buy supplies with one thousand in the history of the Church. Along branches were organized in the area,

dollars received from the Mormon with Philadelphia and Cincinnati it six of them in the city of St. Louis.

Battalion volunteers. Heirs of the was chosen as an official emigration The number of emigrants steadily inLouis Espenschied Wagon Factory of port through which migrating Saints creased. In one month in 1855, four

St. Louis today proudly boast that a should pass on their way to Utah. hundred arrived in the city, and withfleet of Espenschied wagons was used By 1851 the Missouri Republican in a week most had found jobs. The

in the "historic trek"of the Mormons could give the following report: St. Louis Luminary commented:

westward.

Church have no Although Mormon we are public of buildings few There any that this years During the people have St. these Louis, though move in and city consideration in this that brethour anticipatedwestward was (Joseph possession or or class permanent other no active not erecttaken have ren in part an

Smith had made preliminary plans permanent interest in our city, yet their ing and ornamenting. There are few facsome time prior to his death), much numerical strength here is greater than may tories, foundries, or mercantile establishre- is greatest city the imagined. be Our but ments, they taking are taken or have theinformation obabout was West

for emigrants cruiting from point Mormon active part in establishing or sustaining an St. this for Louis, the intained was States, the Eastern and and the England as artisans, as or employers, as cusofprincipal of hundreds rendezvous generally beespecially, funds whose former

... eithertomers—

it, reach they the exhausted time by come fur trappers,rugged more knew who several generally stop here months,of the West than anyone else. Articles and In 1857 the baptismal font was remain unfrequently not us a year among

concerning the "Far West"frequently or two pending a resumption of their jourdedicated and baptisms increased.

appeared in the city papers. ney to Salt Lake.... There are at this By 1860, however, a number of

When the persecutions began in time in St. Louis about three thousand factors had begun to effect a decline

all of are nearly English Mormons, whom Saints again soughtNauvoo, of many as Stake. the St. Louis In 1857,

exacquired trade, of masters or have some

St. Louis, the branchrefuge in and of a result the trouble the between profession, in they perience which some

grew rapidly. On May 6, 1847 the follow now. As was said, they have no Utah Saints and the United States

city was divided into six wards, with church, but they attend divine service government, Saints scattered over the

Hall, and at Concert each SundayNathaniel H. Felt as president. to By twice called so that were nation Utah,

duties their devotional perform they had reached 1849 the membership act of in the event a crisis they might regularity, in if not the with. the.. same

from three to four thousand, the same style as their brethren in the valley. as a united group; and all devout St.

largest in its history. Many miracu-... We heard frequently of Mormon balls (Continued on page 830)

East St. Louis (111.) Branch Chapel Belleville, Illinois, Branch Chapel

NOVEMBER 1954 789 mental health a person has attained.

Neither is mental health a static conThe Church and Mental Health dition.health todayWe mayand havea weekgoodlatermentalhave

very poor mental health. There is

by Veon G. Smith no time in life when we are not

ASSISTANT PROFESSOR OF SOCIAL WORK susceptible to emotional ill health, so

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH there is no time when we can say, "I have attained good emotional

Thelied youngthe factman'sthat radianthe was smilelying bein confinedthan half toof mentalthe hospitalhospitals.beds inMoreuse health,about itsofurther."I need notThebechildconcernedof six

an iron lung completely paralyzed. this day are occupied by mental months and the person of ninetytwo

He seemed as cheerful and as interpatients. We are also told"that if are in the process of developing or

ested in life as he had been when we knew the people we see in any maintaining a good emotional adpreviously seen playing basketball, general physician's waiting, office we justment.

working in his teachers'quorum, or would discover that half of them have From a positive approach, how attending his church meetings in the poor mental health either as their can we determine whether or not ward. He was afflicted with poliomain difficulty or as complicating good mental health exists? Oscar

myelitis, and his body was no longer some physical ailment. Of the men Ewing* has said that good mental

sound and able to function as it once rejected for service in World War II, health exists if we are able "to operdid. His mental reactions, however, poor mental health was the biggest ate at our top capacity both physicontinued to be sound and healthy. single reason for their rejection. cally and mentally, to experience

His questions to visitors, though haltAmong the men who were released human companionship, to accept iningly uttered in the rhythm of the from military service on medical disdividual differences, to take the bitter mechanical breathing machine, were charges, about half had a diagnosis with the sweet and be master of our about how things were going at home, which said their mental health was own soul, to accord to peers the freewhat friends were doing, what was not good. If we realize that divorce, dom we like.""A group of psyhappening in the ward, rather than delinquency, marital discord, and unchiatrists has defined good mental

any thoughts of selfpity, deep dishappiness also indicate the presence health as a "state of wellbeing, of couragement, or open hostility toof emotional maladjustment, we efficiency at work, and of harmony ward others. Although this young acknowledge that poor mental health in human relationships.'"Looking

teenager had had to give up most is the number one health problem of at our mental health is, then, another of the things that constituted his our country. way of looking at our happiness, our

daily life activities, he was able to There are many degrees and kinds productivity, and our ability to get retain good, even excellent, mental of poor mental health. It can be as along with other people.

health. mild as a slight headache or it can One's mental health could not be

Good mental health as was manibe as severe and disabling as cancer. predicted at birth any more than we

fested by this young man is not as It may only show in a few of our could anticipate that a person might relationships personal or it as it may should be. a matter As common tuberculosis be so some have or rheuday

disrupting hospitalbe that we must authorities say that of fact, some one It fever. matic conis generally

out of every ten persons suffer from ized for medical treatment. sidered that what happens to one

some form of poor mental health. Mental health is a matter of deafter birth will be the determining

The National Institute of Mental gree, not an absolute attainment. We

Health reported that in 1948 there cannot speak of a person having or Conference3In talk givenon Childrenat "Theand MidcenturyYouth,"DecemberWhite House1950.

(Oscar Ewing was formerly Federal Security Adminwere approximately 600,000 people not having sound mental health; we istrator.)

would have to say what degree of for of Evaluation Outline a *"An ProCommunity 1National in Committee for Mental Hygiene, Annual gram for Hygiene,"Mental Group Advancement 1947. Report, Hbid. of Psychiatry, April, 8, Report 1949. number

'Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberts

790 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA factors of influence on one's emotional adjustment. Mental health is not

present fully or absent fully at any moment from birth on. The achieving of good mental health is a process

which goes on continually. Through

association, our mental health is influenced by the mental health of our parents. We are the participants in

the mental health of our children and our grandchildren. There is no

time in our lives when we finally achieve mental health. We have to

work as hard to have good mental health at ninety as we do at nine.

The mentally upset are found in all vocational groups, all educational brackets, and all economic levels. Suicide attempts are indications of emotional maladjustment and among

those people who commit t)r attempt suicide are found the povertyridden derelict, the millionaire, and the socially prominent. Of those who are

maladjusted emotionally are also found the businessman, the professional person, the engineer, the farmer, and the laborer.

The process of attaining good mental health is thus a perpetual striving for each one of us. How,

in this process, can our religion help us?

We know that the child should have love and affection, respect and consideration, if it is to attain good mental health, but how. can a sound

understanding of the principles of the gospel contribute to a parent's loving his child? As a religious people, we -"Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberts

believe that the birth of a child The basic philosophy of the Church is such that one sees the declining years of heralds the advent of another spirit life still as potentially useful years.

into mortality where this spirit can partake of the experiences of this life home and associates more and more helping the child gain personal freeand then, having lived properly and with people outside of his own famdom of expression and a sense of perfully, can be ushered back into the ily, and his early conditioning will sonal worth.

presence of God. The child in the dictate largely the nature of these For the child whose mental and

home of a good Latterday Saint is new relationships with other people. physical growth has been effective

a spiritual asset to the parents who Here too, the Church has activity and natural, teenage time is merely beget him, because the Lord has which will give the young child a a continuation of health activity. The

commanded that we should multiply feeling of importance and will also activities of the Church are helpful and replenish the earth. These points provide experience of selfexpression. in this continuation, or it may also

of view, as included in the doctrines The Primary organization and the help a maladjusted person regain his of the Church, would inspire any Junior Sunday School provide the sense of personal worth and achieveparent to see the infant as an object medium for greater understanding of ment. The Mutual Improvement Asto be loved and tenderly cared for, life through mental and physical sociations are great organizations for

and these are the essentials of good activity, which is conducive to sound the development and perpetuation of mental health for the infant. The mental health. The Primary activisound mental health. Properly reguchild reared in an atmosphere of love ties give the young child a sense of lated activity, which allows for sound

and respect will sense in the facial his own importance, allow for selfpersonality growth, is the essential expressions, gestures, and tone of expression with both the body and element of the MIA program. The

voice of his parents their attitude, with the mind. No one who has seen MIA, the priesthood activities, and

which will provide him the requisites the look of satisfaction on the face the Sunday School provide the teenof good mental health. of a child who has successfully perager the opportunity to reach healthAs the child grows to school age, formed in Primary, could deny the ily toward adulthood without denial

he gradually moves away from the contribution of that experience in (Continued on page 826)

NOVEMBER 1954 791 Love Is Not Measured by Rosa Lee Lloyd

Harriet Evans sat with her husband in the seats reserved for chaperons at the Junior Prom and her anxious brown eyes followed her daughter Pam, dancing with young Gilroy Connor. His arms encircled Pam's delicate figure. Harriet

knew that the moment she had dreaded for the last year had come.

Her heart cried out against it as she watched them swing away entranced, their feet skimming the floor, their eyes laughing together in that sweet, surprised way that only the newly in love can know.

This was the boy Pam had first told her about last winter when she came home from a skimeet.

"Gilroy Connor won the main race,"she had said and then, her eyes lifted and shining, "you should see Gil ski, Mother—he's really

something! Head and shoulders fully. "Of course I don't know your IVlbw Harriet glanced again at her

"husband. His smiling blue evesabove them all—really magnificent! reason for keeping this all to yourAs though he had wings!"self. Even Pam hasn't been told, you with the little crinkles in the corners

Harriet looked at her husband say. But I do know that your own that she loved were watching Pam

if your and Gil as they swayed together,sitting beside her. He was watching health would be much better

Pam, too. Did he notice this new husband could share this with you. blending with the music.

radiance about her, she wondered? You are still young, Mrs. Evans. But "Looks like Gil is really serious,"

But, of course, she thought, wincing, keeping this to yourself isn't good for he said and his lips quirked tenderly.

no matter if Brad had noticed, it you. You are under a constant "Why not?"he questioned, looking

couldn't have the same signficance strain. I'm sure you would feel betdown sidewise at Harriet, meeting her

for him as it had for her. She hadn't ter if you were honest with your huseyes, no doubt noticing the exprestold him what Dr. Granger had said band."sion of alarm in them before she

about their daughter, because she Harriet had put her gloves on carecould hide it.

didn't have the courage to tell him. fully smoothing them over each fin- "She's just a baby,"Harriet murHer dark eyes followed Pam and ger. "Dr. Granger,"she said, pleadmured. "Too young."

Gil around the dance floor. It will ing to be understood, "if you knew Brad laughed. "Too young!"he

be heartbreak for both of them, she how Brad worships Pam you would repeated, his eyes teasing her. "We

thought. And it isn't fair to Gil. understand how I feel. I want him didn't think you were too young at

Why did this have to happen when to have every moment of happiness her age. It seemed okay to us, didn't

Pam has such a short time left? Dr. there is left. When he looks at her it?"

Granger couldn't say exactly how now, her delicate coloring is beautiShe touched his arm. "Oh, yes,

ful like to him, pinkand-white seaBut—"last week. afterlong, checkup Pam's Brad—yes. shells. If he knew what you have "But what?"he questioned as his her "Let go places anydo and

thing she wants to do,"he had adtold me, his heart would break a hand closed over hers. "They will

vised Harriet. "Exercise won't make dozen times a day. He would look make a lovely couple. Remember,

a bit of difference to her blood confor signs of her illness. He would Honey, how important things were

dition. Have you told your hussee her paleness as not beauty but a to us."

band yet, Mrs. Evans?"danger signal, a warning. And her "I do remember, Brad. But this

slenderness be cause for worry would shouldn't—is different—Pam Harriet turned away from his 'slats'calls and fear. her His eyes crinkled Now he "Why not?"

frank, questioning eyes. Dr. Granger and 'skinny'and laughs about it. He's again. "She couldn't find a finer

was wise and good, with many years really quite proud of it. You must young man. This had to happen

of practice behind him. realize how—how terrible it is—to sometime, whether we like it or not.""No—no—not yet."know—Dr. Granger. Don't ask me Yes, whether we like it or not, HarHe puckered his brows thoughtto tell Brad—because I can't—riet thought, her heart constricting

792 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Gilroy Connor won the main race,"she had said and then, her eyes lifted and shining, you should see Gil ski, Mother—he's really something!"

as her eyes searched again for Pam children to play around my knees. I gently by the shoulders. His hands

and Gil among the dancing couples. won't care a bit if she wants to get smoothed her hair.

But she could not find them. No married right away.""You can't blame a father for

doubt they had gone up to the Sky Harriet's heart beat up into her wanting the best for his daughter,"

Room. throat. "Oh, Brad—let's forget it he said.

Brad stood up. He straightened maybe it's just a flair—I hope she "But you seem so—so eager—

his shoulders, stretched his arms and has a dozen more boyfriends before Harriet protested.

yawned. Harriet's eyes went over she chooses.""I want her to be happy,"he anhim tenderly. She was proud of Brad shook his head. "I don't swered and his voice had humbled.

Brad, tall and slim and with brown think she will. I think this is it. "I want that for Pam more than anyhair still heavy and thick. There was something about them tothing else, and for you, too, Hattie.

He winked down at her. "Being gether. You noticed it, too."That's all I ask."a chaperon has made an old man "Yes—"she admitted, "I noticed Harriet got to her feet and patted

out of me. Do you think we could it."Then she hastened to add, "But the dark waves of her hair back into

sneak out of here, Hattie?"that doesn't always mean marriage."place. She felt torn to pieces. Why

Harriet stood up, too. She was Why did he have to keep talking didn't he look at television or read

glad for an excuse to leave. "Let's about it? she thought helplessly. or do anything but talk?

go,"she said. "I don't think we'll Brad seemed obsessed with the idea. "I'll bring us some milk and cookbe missed."His voice was edged with pride ies,"she said, inventing an excuse

as he talked on: "Gilroy Connor is to leave the room. Now he would be

They came home to their comfort- a princely lad; he has dignity, too forced to change the subject.

* able living room and Brad put on becoming to a young lawyer. He's But when she returned with the

his house slippers and a disreputable, a catch for any girl, Hattie. I know tray Brad was leaning back in his

old dressing robe he had forbidden his dad, in the Rotary club. He has chair. Contentment was in his eyes,

her to throw away, and he leaned taken Gil in the law firm as junior in his long relaxed figure, in the back in his big chair by the radio. partner. We can be proud of that easy way he was smiling. He's still

"Know something?"he said lazily, boy."thinking about Pam and Gil, she

watching Harriet as she poked at the Harriet dropped the poker. "Brad! thought, as she sat on a stool near

logs in the fireplace. "I'm about the For goodness sake! Anyone would the fireplace and sipped her milk.

luckiest guy in the world. A good think you wanted to get your daughHer head had started to ache and

job, a goodlooking wife, and a gorter1 married off!"Dr. Granger's advice came back to

geous daughter who will brighten my She stood up, feeling hysteria her, beating through her mind: "You

old age by bringing home grandmounting in her. Brad shook her {Continued on page 821)

NOVEMBER 1954 793 A Church welfare sewing project.

Are We "Carried in the Wagons"??

by Delia M. Bates

Thethe sewingkey whichexpertlockedwatchedbehindus turnus being persuadedwork, whento doshethisneedsdifficult,only tirto thetasks, acceptanceat times, as ofone rougheffectivephysicalmeans for the day the power machines of take out her checkbook to fulfil her of working toward the kind of selfthe Oakland (California) Stake welpart of your charitable efforts?"discipline described by Webster as

fare trousers project, the great rolls The idea that people of Mrs. R.'s "training which corrects, molds,

of corduroy, the big cones of thread, background would volunteer for the strengthens, or perfects."

the gripper machine, and the serger, heavy end of production without exWe know that a high standard of the bartack machine, and the long pectation of any personal return, personal fitness for exertion or enpattern sections suspended from a without applause, and without grudgdurance is as old as the history of rod. A nonmember of the Church, ing the time spent was new to this the Church, as is also the skill to perthis teacher had been brought in to teacher. No easy philanthropy here! form a variety of tasks. The sewing

direct some emergency training early As I drove her to catch her bus, the teacher had not known this. We

in the days of the project, when all teacher and I talked a little about know, but occasionally we forget, was as yet new and immeasurably traditional Mormon industry; of our that it applies in our day as weir as

difficult to us amateurs. Now, as people's ability to survive in environin early times: Mormons expect to

we were leaving, she said: "Was that ments not noted for their friendliness survive. "We hope to be able to

not Mrs. R. whom I saw at a power to life; of the forty years of toil and endure all things."

machine today?"deprivation which went into the erecApart from the primary economic

"It was indeed Mrs. R.,"we astion of the Salt Lake Temple. I exand rehabilitative aims of the welsured her. plained to her that Mormons believe fare program, there are definite, if

"While at home a maid does her in group work (as well as in group less obvious, values that operate to housework?"worship and group play) as having benefit those who voluntarily labor

We nodded, and she continued, farreaching effects in uniting people to produce their local budget. Two

thoughtfully, "I have seen her beauin genuine brotherhood and love. are suggested here. There are many

tiful home. How could she possibly Mormons also believe, I told her, in others.

Harvesting potatoes on a Church welfare project.

l-immmmm::jjge* *M.Wm

794 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Had the sewing expert remained forts. Latterday Saints have expewants our women to know how to

longer with us, she would have been rienced these things many times. do these things. And as for its being

impressed with the fact that here If we choose occasionally to make hard physical labor, there is a quesgenuine friendliness abounded, and time to work for the benefit of others, tion whether women—or men—in

she would have seen many demonwe draw again unto our brother. In good health should be relieved of all

strations of the warm sisterhood a cannery or clothing plant there is rough labor, particularly city people, which grows from working side by no artificial sorting of human beings who have so little of it today.

side. She might have been present, as to whether they are rich or poor, Brigham Young once said of the

for example, the time that Sister K. celebrity or plain citizen, young or as yet unreclaimed Utah wilderness:

was seen accepting a sandwich from old. No one can be "special"with "The idea may arise that this is a

little Sister N. at lunchtime. What lint on her dress, or her hair in a hard land in which to get a living.

is surprising about that, you ask? cannery net! But she can joke with Now I am thankful for the land just

When you know a little of the history her neighbor or exchange a confias it is.... It is a splendid country

of these two women, you will see. dence. to rear Saints in."

Sister K. at one time held a posiThe sewing instructor had also Our leaders did not hesitate to

tion of responsibility in one of the made this remark: "Aren't you Latinvite the members into the hazard,

stake organizations. But she had not terday Saints behind the times? ordeal, and exposure incident to mibeen active for a time owing to a What is the benefit of specialization gration and colonization. But not

fancied injury connected with her reand technological advance if not to to discourage us today—and also to

lease from that position. She was relieve large segments of the populaavoid the chauvinism of which we

likely to be curt and uncooperative, tion of hard manual labor? Your are sometimes accused—let us take

to act superior and misunderstood. women are, at best, semiskilled note that our ancestors were not enSomething about a power machine labor, which isn't very productive."tirely Spartans, nor always stout of

challenged her when one day she It is true that we require more heart. We read in the words of

came to the plant with a friend. After manhours for each unit of producEdmund Ellsworth, who came to

a short time she had fitted in with tion than are needed in commercial Utah in 1856 with one of the two the group and lost her critical air. pants factories. But our efficiency first handcart companies:

And what of little Sister N.? She, and our product are improving. And "I have had to labor with the peofurthermore, we place other values ple incessantly to keep faith in them,also, if for a very different reason,

above top efficiency. The Church (Concluded on page 815)was inclined to be lonely, distant,

and proud. An accident some years—Photographs courtesy Deseret NewsSalt Lake Telegram

earlier had crippled her. She dressed

with much effort to conceal her handicap. She was afraid of people because experience had taught her that

at times they were cruel. She, too,

avoided people. But within a group

at the welfare plant she became genuinely appreciated and liked. It happened that she was one of the few

who could tackle the complicated job of threading the serger. Soon she

was at ease, laughing with the others when a front section was found sewed where a back should be, or when a pocket was finished without an opening.

Anyone seeing these two women share lunch and chat would, if one stopped to think of it, silently bless the institution which in a very real way fosters these warm relationships.

There is something about sharing productive labor for the good of others which unites human beings.

The history of the Church is full of instances of cooperative endeavor.

Our scriptures abound in exhortations to brotherhood. We have no need

to be told by students of human relationship of the emotional security which comes of feeling accepted and loved by a group, nor of the wholesome effects on personality that arise George L. Scott, Portland Stake president (recently released), joins with welfare workers

from the give and take in group efin a welfare salmonpacking project.

NOVEMBER 1954 795 a

less with amazement, I wondered if they realized the richness they were bringing into their children's lives by

tending such considerations.Their Gifts Were starting them from childhood in exLeaving there, a prayer welled in

my heart, not only for the afflicted one, but also for the members of this so unusual family; yet, since they

are pouring joy and eternal bliss upon OVERPOWERING their own heads—since they are so

richly blessing themselves, I could by Rose A. Openshaw not but consider, they have little need

of outside prayers. Truly, every good

deed done will be multiplied upon our own heads.

Returning from town one sunshiny- "They do my special pieces in I asked myself, "Could a world afternoon, I stopped to pass a their automatic washer,"she andisintegrate sustained by such healthfew moments with an elderly swered. "But wait; there's still more."giving deeds?"Truly these people

woman confined to a wheel chair. "Good for one errand to town"; are restoring the true spirit of giving:

She was eager to show me a presmy astonishment was growing. Seven they are implanting again good will,

ent—a small book she had received pages bore that same sentence. Then, that like a rainbow had been fading

as a gift for her birthday. one, two, three, four, five: away. Surely they are putting to

I began thumbing its pages—all "Good for anything you want shame the word commercialism.

blank, I found, with the exception of done!"It was a grand finale. And from this one family, in all

one brief inscription on each. The It was overpowering. My feeble probability, there eventually will be

lines stared at me; or possibly I should attempts at doing good sank into uteight more homes pouring just such

say I stared unbelievingly at them. ter insignificance. Here was a couple blessings upon the world.

"Good for one permanent,"the literally giving of themselves—And from the eight, at the smallest

first three inscriptions read. couple burdened, as the world might possible figure, will possibly be thirtyIn quick succession I turned twentysay, with eight unmarried children two more. And should they in turn

they could number also four, each, how longfive pages more. Each bore the inmost of them small—yetscription, "Good for one hairdo."afford such sacrifice—extend such would it take until 128 homes would

It was incredible. "Do you mean marvelous gifts to one helpless and be similarly engaged?

to tell me,"I gasped, "that a beauty dependent—one so in need of kindAnd from the 128, another 512; and

parlor has agreed to give you three ness and encouragement. this is to say nothing of the fast

permanents and twentyfive hairdo's There were many elements conmultiplying friends and neighbors, for a present?"nected with this gift to cause one to observing, also inspired into follow-

"Oh, no,"she corrected, "not a marvel; and the family unity and coing.

beauty parlor. It's my neighbors, the operation demonstrated in such giving I stopped computing; it was breathJohn Doe family, up the street."was by no means the least. taking to see what might happen;

"Can they give permanents?"I "They're a wonderful family—an for it was very plain that the example

asked, impressed. outstanding example to any church!"of just two people might change the

"The girls do,"she replied. "They She was echoing my thoughts. Speechfate of a whole nation!

do my hair each week. If they are

absent when I call, the mother substitutes. She did it today."(I had

just complimented her on the attractiveness of her wave.)

"But with a baby and such a large family, how can she manage?"It

was unbelievable.

"They each help,"she explained.

"The little girl looks after the baby.

The child phoned today that it was crying and she couldn't stop it, but the mother phoned back instructions, cautioning against removing it from the crib, and she managed all right.

But go on,"she urged. "You haven't

read it all yet!"

And truly I hadn't. The next five

lines bore each the notation, "Good for one laundry."

"Will they do your laundry, too?"

I asked, dumbfounded.

796 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA n

She was standing in the doorway, and she said, "I've a production here, that I'd like to star you in."

Company in the Kitchen by Eva Evans

Dear Sue: whatnot. And quite casually, she anyway. I did the prelude from

I've owed you this letter for ages, said, "If you could hear your own "Evangeline,"and I was just startbut things have been happening to voices, it would help immeasurably."ing on Portia's, "The quality ofme! That gave me an idea. mercy—"when Barbie spoke.

A few weeks ago, if you had asked After just the tiniest bit of sugShe was standing in the doorway, me if I considered myself a nicegestion at dinner that evening, Dad and she said, "I've a production here,personto-know, my reply would have promised to bring his tape recorder that I'd like to star you in—

been an unqualified, "Yes."home from the office and leave it

Then, suddenly, I wasn't at all cerwith me for a few days. The very So, I went into the kitchen and betain that I was, if you know what I next afternoon, he carried it into the gan drying the dishes. I had just

mean. house and showed me how to operate finished, when Dad called me to the

I have never believed that oldie it. telephone. I knew that I wouldn't

that says, "Home is where we act After dinner, Mother and Dad rehave a chance to record anything the worst toward the people we love tired to the living room. Bill went more that night, so I unplugged the

the best."I love and respect each upstairs to gather the material he recorder and put it away.

member of my family, and my contakes along when he goes over to The next evening, it was my turn duct (I was certain) was evidence of Roger's. (Roger has an experimental to wash dishes. Naturally. But after

that love and respect to each memchemistry set, and if he and Bill don't we had eaten, Dad asked Barbie to ber, including my younger sister, blow the house up some fine night, skip over to the library and pick up

Barbie. I miss my guess!) It was Barbie's turn a book for him. That meant a slight

That being the case, you can unto wash the dishes, and she wasn't delay in the dishwashing program.

derstand what a shock it was, when quite ready. Naturally, that meant Remembering my efforts of the prethe blow fell. It was fantastic, and that I couldn't start drying. vious evening, I decided that this was

utterly unexpected. Wishing to use my time to good a good time to play back my recordThe action began in speech class advantage, I started the tape recorder. ings. The other members of the famat high. Miss Robinson had been Sue, it was fun! I recited "The Highily were occupied elsewhere when I

working hard on our enunciation and wayman"—all that I could remember, (Continued on page 819)

NOVEMBER 1954 797 IoeipuiAct PClCllcCllPCICUCCI TPl iJ by Marybale Woolsey

Why should we feel a sense of inferiority if we enjoy only the poetry which is within the understanding of an average literary explorer? Why

feel we must contract "criticomania"and slavishly follow the edicts of a few reviewers who presume to know the "best"of all that is written? It

is literary history that many critics Percy Bysshe Shelley are forgotten when much that they scorned has survived the test of time You surely must have some way of and become "classic"literature. A judging it."It is summed up in one

current standard does not always word: competence. For "competence

John Milton prove the quality that is immortal. in poetry"suggests that a poem is sucDoesn't it seem foolish to allow cessful in accomplishing its objective:

a "critic"to dictate our personal it entertains, it provokes thought, it s we live, so we say, in a "practical tastes or preferences? It is more than excites admiration or sympathy or in-

l\ age,"when values are determined foolish; it is impossible, if we are dignation; most definitely, it comview- from utilitarian X* largely

the poet's thought points, be municates—making not, perhaps, we should his I understand my thought. That is,

too greatly surprised to hear occathought, or his mood at least. I have

sionally such a remark as: "Poetry read and enjoyed many poems I did

is of no value to me; I'm a practical not understand, simply because the

man. I don't have time to figure the sound of the word combinations

stuff out.""communicated"something to the

There is an answer to a statement inner me. This does not seem unof that kind, for even poetry has

uses—uses, some of which could be reasonableI enjoy hearingto me, a anysongmoresungthanin ifa

employed every day, by most of us, foreign language. You may say,

and are employed every day by "But the song has a melody, music countless persons who often don't to enjoy."And I answer, exactly!

even realize they are doing so.

I am reminded of a daughter of a poet friend of mine who said, after Sir Walter Scott reading a poem of his which was somewhat "deeper"than his usual honest. The "criticomaniac"is detype: "This is real good poetry, prived of a great deal of joyful exto Daddy. I know it is—because I ploration and discovery according

couldn't understand a word of it."his own individuality and his own

Why should anyone think that to "practical"development.

be "good"poetry must be unintelligiSo let us turn to what someone ble?blame—thosePerhaps whosomefindcriticsjoy onlyare into haswhichcalledsome critics"the people'sdo not laud.poetry"This

the profound, the oblique, the rare is the great "middle class,"we might symbolisms which require a wealth say, which—like the "great middle

of background reading. This kind of class"of people—includes many John Keats

poetry challenges a reader as Mt. levels. We seek our own! As here

Everest would challenge a mountain we find our bestloved friends, our And poems employ the music of climber. And how many of us feel chosen companions, those with whom words themselves!

we must attempt Mt. Everest? we feel happiest, at ease and conAnd just as my preferred music

But we take delight in more modest tented; proud when some achieve spemight not be your favorite selections,

climbs; we have no doubt as to the cial success and prominence, but not my favorite poems might not be

"practical value"of a day in our feeling inferior because most remain "competent"from your viewpoint.

own hills. The physical and mental "average"so we can choose our They may—to use a popular colexhilaration, the benefit to eyes and "poem pals"without checking to loquial phrase—"do nothing for you."

mind and nerves we do not question learn whether they have made the Dare to be yourself here! Read what

these, nor do we criticize ourselves Who's Who of Criticomania! you personally enjoy—even if you

or each other for not challenging "But then how,"one is asked, suspect it has defects; expose yourself

only the highest and steepest peaks. "can I know what is good poetry? to more and more poetry, and you'll

798 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA inaugural address, the quotation of pressed, they are contagious. A perpoetry is as everyday as speech-—or son, who on a field trip notes an inat least, as "public speaking."teresting piece of rock and points it

constantly—soNote some phrasesuseful whichthat theywe havehear outaddsandto explainstheir enjoymentit to his companions,of the trip

become overworked "cliches": Along and sparks their interest so that their

the primrose path... homeward eyes are keened and their ears alerted

plods his weary way... see ourselves for discoveries of their own. This

as others see us... every cloud has ability to perceive and to express such

a silver lining... a little learning is perception constitutes appreciation.

a dangerous thing... music has Poetry is one of the finest aids to

charms. And there are ever so many its development, and it is useful every

others, each originally the creation of day in the allimportant matter of some poet, now grown commonplace what we call "human relations."

because it says something so many Then, there is what may be called

John Greenleaf Whittier persons wish to say and cannot say language appreciation. Reading and

find that practice improves readers, as well in their own phrasing. writing poetry makes us conscious of

too. Later on, you'll realize that This leads quite logically to a secthe wonder of words themselves; their

some of your earlier choices seem less ond practical use of poetry: improvefine distinctions and explicitness of

enjoyable, less "competently"done meaning impress us again and again than you thought at first. You will with the richness of our language and

be responding to better poetry. That with a desire to make the most of it.

is as it should be. We feel a sense of achievement every

This measure of "competence"time we use a "new"word with sureallows for a wide divergence of opinness. The selfconfidence we thus

ion, of response. It explains why gain, is of practical value in our lives.

poetry can be "good poetry"without If poetry had no more practical being ultraprofound or obscure. uses than these, it would justify both

Humorous verse can be as "competime and money spent cultivating it.

But it has others; for instance, therapeutic values—unlimited, upward

from the greeting card to the splendid poetic chapters of the Bible with their inspirational teaching. The fact that

much greetingcard verse is pathetHenry Wadsworth Longfellow ically poor poetry, is beside the point;

ment of our ability to communicate you can find gems, too! They are tonic

our ideas to others—which is probfor mind and morale. And many a

ably the most universally required long slow recuperation from illness ability of civilized peoples. Whether or operation is brightened by the

by spoken word or written, the interreading of wholesome, inspiring change of ideas is essential to us all, poetry.

every day of our lives. Once you have become a real lover

The reader of "competent poetry"of poetry, the hours it companions improves this ability by increasing you have immense importance to your his vocabulary. The poet, even more mental wellbeing. Then, all its inthan other literary craftsmen, must cidental values to you become beautiemploy words with exactness of fully clear. James Whitcomb Riley

meaning; his reader benefits from

tent"as serious poetry is; sometimes many hours the poet spent hunting

it can "communicate"—emphasize or for the exact word which clarifies his

illustrate—a thoughtful point even meaning or conveys his mental

more effectively. What speaker, image. Often the word "clicks"so

from the gay "emcee"to the rewell that the reader delights in a nowned lecturer, does not seek out sense of discovery ("That's the word and use bits of poetry on every occa- / was trying to think of!") and is able

sion? later to remember and make use of

There it is: the "quote"—one of it. Can anyone doubt the "practical

poetry's most useful services. Humorvalue"of such an improved vocabuous, dramatic, philosophical, inspiralary?

tional; poetry supplies what is most Third, reading poetry can aid in

valuable in its particular time and developing several kinds of appreciaplace. From the "Now I lay me"tion. The poet is essentially a person

prayer taught the smallest children, of deep sensitiveness, and is extremely to the inspirational lines closing observant. His readers increase their

the valedictory or a President's own such characteristics, because exJames Russell Lowell

NOVEMBER 1954 799 Thethe LatterdayIndians inSaintpioneerpolicydaystowardwas often expressed by Brigham Young How the Saints Fed the Indians with the phrase, "It is cheaper to feed them than to fight them."The by Leonard J. Arrington

mechanism by which the twelve ASSISTANT PROFESSOR OF ECONOMICS thousand Indians in the Great Basin UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE were fed, however, has never been completely described. The occasional canvass the settlements for donaterritory by the Church, sometimes

"personal"gifts of Brigham Young tions of food, clothing, and other at considerable expense. In addition,

and other Church leaders to Indian items that Indians might be able to a considerable number of Indians tribes and their chieftains were, of use. These were taken to the Inwere taken into Latterday Saint

course, one aspect of the Indian aid dian leader and officially presented, homes.*

program. These gifts were principalsometimes with considerable cereOne aspect of the Church proly in the form of beef cattle and mony. Brigham Young and other gram, however, and one of the most

flour. In July 1853, for example, Church leaders discouraged the pracimportant of all, was the aid rendered

Brigham Young sent a messenger to tice of allowing Indians to circulate to individual Indians and tribes by the unpredictable Ute chief, Walker individually through the settlements the pioneer tithing offices. Every

(Walkara) with the message: "Capt. to beg for provisions. Latterday Saint ward and settlement

Walker:... If you get hungry send The third phase of the Church maintained a bishop's storehouse or

some friendly Indians down to the support program resembled the tithing house, to which contribusettlements and we will give you present Point Four program of the tions to the Church were brought... BrigAmerican government. The Church "in kind"by faithful Latterdaysome beef cattle1 and flour.

ham Young."In the same year, a undertook to teach the Indians how Saints in accordance with the comdispatch to the Deseret News from a to support themselves by setting mandment to pay onetenth of one's

correspondent in Manti, Utah, gave aside land, providing seed and equipannual increase to the Church. The

another example of this form of aid: ment, and, above all, by lending tithings usually consisted of liveagricultural missionaries—variously stock, grain, other vegetables, and

last President here Young was When farmers"known as "Indian of of the countryside. or "Inproducts Somespring, millers directed the to he the giveIndians what wheat they needed, and grind dian missionaries"—to Indian groups the tithing resources were taken to

it for them, which has amounted to 50 to teach them "the arts of civilizaSalt Lake City for disbursement by bushels or more, at $2 per bushel, what tion."President Young stated the the trusteein-trust, but the greatest

here, is the and thiswheat is worth way the policy as follows: proportion usually was expended fights the Indians,President saved and powder and lead, the Indians were in need at the Let the millions of acres of land now locally.

it in about most oftime and took two weeks object lying waste to for given be the of these local Indians One expendihunt. 2 winters cultivationand went on their use. Let the and poor Indians tures Indian welfare. was tithThe

of taught arts civilization, the be and office, to ing the direction under of the their sustenance draw the from of ample aspect and the Church A second bishop, thus was established an Insure resources of folearth, to mother and in manifested of assistancepolicy was community collection drives. When lowof thethesoil,peacefulraising avocationsgrain and stockof thefor tillersubdianby whichwelfaretheagency.communityIt wasof a Lattermeans

a Indians through wenta group of sistence, instead of pursuing the uncertain Saints could render immediate 3 day local valley, bishop or the ofparticular chances a livelihood. war and game for and continuous assistance to Indiansother Church authority appointed

of farms Indian were is A number 4"It a pleasing sight to so see the of chilmany to others teachers, anddeacons, ward of dren the Lamanites in the families of the Saints, in various maintained parts of the they where the have opportunities same privileges and to History Walker, Journal of the Brigham Young as the children, white trust and that great we good 1853. sCited in Levi Edgar 25, Young, July Founding willChurch, The of result Utah rising the unto generation through this

(Scribner's, 1853. 19, 268. 1923), February p. 2Deseret News, source."History, Journal 1855. October 29,

800 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA passing near their communities Cache Valley Tithing Office during The bulk of the assistance rendered without the necessity of special colthe years 1863 to 1888 was $16,- in 1864, as in most of the years, was lection drives. The Indians, of 044.26. This was an average of more in the form of flour and meat, though

course, came to realize that they could than six hundred dollars each year. vegetables came to occupy a more

depend upon a certain amount of The amounts ranged from a high of important place in the account in the assistance and this gave them a cer- $1,749.41, in 1866, to a low of $16.84 later years. In some cases these gifts

tain feeling of affection for their white in 1882. An example of the nature were intended for a considerable

brethren. The friendliness with which of these disbursements is shown in a group of Indians. Parties of Snake

the tithing offices disbursed food and partial list from the 1864 "Indian River and Bannock Indians, including other commodities to traveling Account,"of the Cache Valley Tith- a sizable community of "Washakie"

Lamanites undoubtedly prevented ing Office. Note the prices at tribesmen, received most of this aid.

many contemplated raids on the most which some of the items were valued: (Concluded on page 814)

isolated settlements.

The records of the Cache Valley Indian Account

Tithing Office, located at Logan,

Utah, illustrate what must have been Date Item Disbursed Value typical of all such offices in the Great

Basin. These records indicate the Apr. 15 104 lbs. flour to Sagwich $ 6.25

nature and extent of tithing office Apr. 19 216 lbs. flour to Weber Jack 12.96

assistance to Indians traveling May 2 50 lbs. flour to Indian George 3.00

through Logan between 1863 and July 5 102 lbs. flour to Indian Charles 6.12

1888. Indian parties from as far July 23 500 lbs. flour to Indian Banacks 30.00

north as Pocatello, Idaho, ranged, in July 31 760 lbs. flour to Indian Washakie 45.60

succeeding years, through Cache ValAug. 16 300 lbs. flour to Indian Madagin 18.00

ley during certain seasons of the year. Sept. 8 One beef ox per P. Maughan to Washakie 70.00

In 1864, one year after this program Oct. 7 One beef ox per T. Tarbet to Washakie 35.00

began, the tithing office at Logan Oct. 7 One beef steer per T. E. Ricks to Washakie 35.00

expended $454.45 in aid to visiting Oct. 7 116 lbs. beef to Sagwich 6.96

Indians. This consisted of four dolNov. 24 5 bu. wheat ($10.00); 5 bu. corn (7.50)

lars'worth of hay and fodder, thirtyto Sagwich 17.50

five dollars'worth of vegetables, and Nov. 24 10 bu. potatoes ($10.00); 10 bu. carrots ($5.00)

the remainder in wheat, at two dolto Sagwich 15.00

5 Nov. 24 1 bu. corn ($1.50); 5 bu. potatoes ($5.00)

lars a bushel. The total amount to Sagwich 6.50

of aid granted to Indians out of the Nov. 24 5 bu. carrots to Sagwich 2.50"

5"Cache Valley Ward Tithing Ledger, 18601RS6,"pp. 2021. This ledger is in the vault of the Cache (i"Logan General Tithing Office Account Book, 186465,"pp. 1213. This record is also in the Cache

Stakehouse, Logan, Utah. Stakehouse vault. This account was called to the writer's attention by Willis A. Dial, Logan, Utah.

—Photo by Milton Snow, Navajo Servia

Typical Navajo family in Chinle Valley.

NOVEMBER 1954 801 The Importance

of Genealogical

Work

by Helen Barlow A B Y U STUDENT

TheregardsProphetto JosephgenealogicalSmith work,said in "Those saints who neglect it in behalf of their deceased relatives, do it at the peril of their own salvation."

(See Teachings of the Prophet Joseph

Smith, p. 330.)

When I read this statement last year, it started me thinking—I want

eternal life; I want exaltation. Does

it mean that I will be left out if I fail to seek the records of my ancestors?

I recalled how diligent my grandThe same situation exists when it in the hereafter. Not only will we

parents were in genealogical work; comes to the endowment, the marbe able to be with them, but we may

how, too, my aunt was carrying on. riage ceremony, and families being have eternal increase. What a wonto. forward to look promise derful together. sealed know that God We will after her death? carry onWho

not could be if we promise for these people has provided and This is there in knowledge no oneTo my the family who is particularly interwe can receive joy everlasting by aidwere unable to be with our families ested in genealogical work. Perhaps ing our dead brothers and sisters. in the kingdom of God.

it is my destiny to do this work. If Even if what the Prophet told us The more our knowledge in the

so, I must prepare myself so that I were not true, how marred our happiChurch grows, the more we are able may do the work with diligence, care, ness would be if we were permitted to see how pertinent it is for us to and accuracy. to be exalted and all because of us, complete the genealogical records as

forefathers our possible so that as were unable to be exnearly we may of As a of the Church member alted, too. ancestors our and descendmeet with

I Saints Christ of LatterdayJesus have been taught to live to the best The Doctrine and Covenants 128: ants and dwell with God for eternity.

of my ability so that I may be select14 tells us that the records we keep There are many records that are lost.

ed to enter into the celestial kingdom should be accurate and complete, for These will be revealed during the of a period short The are as millennium. kept as well in heaven celestial just the kingdom, howrecords—not long will too not be thousand years the peron earth, ordinances and highest degree within theever, but

this kingdom. This means I must be formed are bound in heaven as they to do all that is necessary.

baptized by one having the authority, are on earth because of this. What a wonderful promise is given

for Christ said in John 3:5, "Verily, We know that all of the ordinances to us! What a great responsibility!

helpverily, I say unto thee, Except a man should be complete, for they are very What a wonderful privilege—to

be born of water and of the Spirit, important in their own sphere—each our forefathers in their quest for

he cannot enter into the kingdom of enabling us to progress farther. If eternal life.

God."So far I pass—if I live rightthese ordinances were not important,

eously. What about my forefathers why would God command us in the

though? I know there was an aposDoctrine and Covenants 124:3840 to UIIIIH llllllllllllllllll HIM ill lllllllllllillllllliiilliiiilllililimiillmiimiiHllllilliillllli

tasy after the death of the Apostles build a house to him for the purpose of old. What about all the fine of having these ordinances performed? "Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except

people who lived after that time who We believe that if we live rightwere unable to hear the gospel and eously and have the ordinances per- 1 Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom were not baptized? formed, we may be with our families nil i iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii in iii i iiiiiiiiiiiiiiii i iiii i iiiiiii i iiiiiiiiiiii i iiiiiiiiiiiiiii i iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiniii mill

802 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Purpose of Keeping Records and Doing Temple Work

by W. Bruce Hilton

A BYU STUDENT

birthplaces and birth dates, their marriage dates, and their death dates.

These vital statistics are needed to identify each individual. These records must be accurate for the records

that we make here on the earth are also recorded in heaven. It is from

the books that we shall be judged.

Eternal life which is offered to all of us, conditioned'upon our faithfulness, is, in the fullest meaning of the phrase, a continuation of family association and family growth. This

eternal increase was spoken of by the

Prophet Joseph Smith as he wrote of

Students of B Y U checking their worthy couples who had entered into own genealogical lines in the library, the new and everlasting covenant of and (right) reading microfilm on marriage. Conditioned upon their

the Kodagraph machines in the faithfulness these couples would reOffice. Genealogical

ceive their glory "... which glory

shall be a fulness and a continuation gospel of Jesus Christ is a plan portunity to hear it in the world of of the seeds forever and ever."(D. &

Thewhereby mankind might gain adspirits as Peter tells us: "For for this C. 132:19.) Thus gaining that state

mittance to the celestial kingdom, cause was the gospel preached also to and enjoying that glory cannot be an the highest degree of glory, and therethem that are dead, that they might individual affair; it is only fully

by gain exaltation and eternal life. be judged according to men in the realized in the family associations.

The Lord, being just, made no exflesh, but live according to God in the This is further evidence for the need ceptions but required his children to spirit."(I Peter 4:6.) of accuracy in seeking out the records

comply alike with the requirements Even though the gospel might be of our ancestors, that the family for admission to his presence. preached to them and they might bonds might be sealed together as

Many people in ancient times never believe, the ordinances of the gospel they actually and truly existed in the knew of Jesus Christ. Today people must be complied with. Jesus gave no flesh.

are living on the earth who have not exceptions when he said, "Except a As Lehi saw the vision of the tree heard his name or of his gospel. How man be born of water and of the of life and partook of the fruit therethen are these people, being ignorant Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingfrom, he desired to give it to his famof the gospel and its requirements, dom of God."(John 3:5.) These ily, for it was desirable above anygoing to have the opportunity to gain spirits hearing the gospel in the spirit thing he had ever experienced, and he

eternal life? In the master plan, world and believing must needs be wanted the rest of his family to exprovisions were made for just those baptized and have the other earthly perience the same joy that he felt.

people. Those who have died, not ordinances administered in their beAnd thus the spirit of Elijah is fillknowing the gospel will have an ophalf if they are to gain eternal life. ing the earth, for the hearts of the

Thus the great call comes for seekchildren are truly turning to their ing out the records of the dead. How fathers, and the hearts of the fathers

IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIMMIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIMIII can we go into the temples and be are turning to the children. That

baptized, endowed, or sealed in marspirit is causing the earnest seeking of a man be bom of water and of the riage for the dead if we know not who the records, the temple work, and the they are? Earnest effort is required to sealing of the family organizations

of God."(John 3:5.) I learn the names of those who have into permanent and eternal units aciiillllliiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinuiiiiiiiiiiuilr died unbaptized, to discover their cording to the power of God.

NOVEMBER 1954 803

sisted of Parley P. Pratt, Heber C.

Kimball, and George D. Watt. 1 * Andrew Jenson adds Orson Pratt, Wilford Woodruff, Robert L. Campbell,

"and others"but makes no mention of Heber C. Kimball. 2 Kate B. Carter

mentions only Parley P. Pratt, Wilford Woodruff, and George D. Watt. 3

After considerable discussion of the The Deseret Alphabet problem, in which the committee explored the possibilities of using shortTHE STORY OF AN INGENIOUS ATTEMPT TO REhand symbols or Sir Isaac Pitman's

FORM THE WRITTEN LANGUAGE OF THE WEST methodfinally decidedof simplifiedto devisespelling,a new itsetwasof characters rather than try to reform by Leslie L. Sudweeks the spelling of English with the existing alphabet.

The resulting product is believed

There were no newspaper deliveries to master the inconsistencies of the to be largely the work of George D.

in Great Salt Lake City in 1854. English tongue, in which a single Watt, an English convert, who joined

Subscribers who braved the snowy letter might have as many as eight the Church in his native land and streets on January 19, to pick up their different sounds or might not be proemigrated to Nauvoo in 1840. Subcopies of the weekly Deseret News at nounced at all? sequently, Watt filled two missions

the printing office in the old Deseret After pondering over this problem, for the Church, first to Virginia and

Store building (standing at the northBrio-ham Young referred it to the then to England. In his call to Great

east corner of Main and South Temboard of regents of the newlyorgan- Britain he was given two assignments ple) read the following announceized University of Deseret. The (1) to preach the gospel, and (2) to

ment of an astonishing project, boldly regents took action in October of learn shorthand.

designed to reform the written lan1853 by appointing a committee to

At this time Pitman shorthand wasguage of the Territory: submit proposals for a textbook based

just into prominence coming in Engpractical a of phonetic system on in Regents, Board of with The company land, Isaac vigorously and Sir was of spelling. composition The exactthe of heads departments, and Governor his of championing system phonetic

is this not committee with consisting known a alphabet,have adopted new of 38 characters... with the sanguine hope certainty. B. H. Roberts says it con- *Numbers refer to notes at end of article.

of simplifying the English language....

These characters are much more simple in their structure than the usual alphabetical characters.... The written and printed

hand are substantially merged in one.

The orthography will be so abridged that Qjsai'ji Prt&i ho. 15

an ordinary writer can probably write one hundred words a minute with ease, and consequently report the speech of a common speaker without much difficulty. W$H XXIII.

As soon as this alphabet can be set in type, it will probably be furnished to the schools of the Territory for their use and benefit, not, however, with a view to immediately supersede the use of the common alphabet which though it does not make the comers thereunto perfect, still it is a vehicle that has become venerable for age and much hard service.

In the new alphabet every letter has a every word and soundfixed and unalterable fl I / H JwJc s - rja K> W W to sounds. givenis spelled with reference

By this means, strangers cannot only acquire a knowledge of our language much more readily but a practiced reporter can also report a strange language when spoken.... LJa fJG 8 tja 4ha fuicH oe. Da t6 8 OLWJ1

It must be remembered that Utah, 08, J4 a are, HvJI o+o flUi ua otto frt. Da

in the third quarter of the last cen1tury, was a melting pot. While the fJ6 8 a*8t 08P. \m 8 fLWl P$. 0j> mji

original Mormon pioneers were pretf 08P id) oa. X oe ot<36 rsotio. Uadominantly of sturdy New England G

joined Great in thestock, were they crth * mo Jha oeo aru*. the of converts from swarmsBasin by

various nations of Europe as well as the United States and Canada. How

could these many foreigners be helped 804 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the English language, combining as it does

QjsatJi #JG>ri9 8so. greatbeauty,extensionsimplicityand andvariedpowerexpressionand beingwith

unquestionably the most useful and beautiful in the world. But while we freely

admit this, we also have to acknowledge

it is that its as perhaps abused in use much v GJ*a*,ji npeaji. its as in and complex attainments as any

other. ov Sotmdt. Later. Nub*. fcxmd.

legislative action was any Whether in that year is not known. letter. Hun*. floond. 1... -P taken How-

a.... e...as in.... eat. a...b ever, in 1855 the legislature appropri-

%j.a "ate. i...,t ated the sum of twentyfive hundred

8.... ah "art. a....d directiondollars toandbe controlexpendedof the"underChancelthe

o....aw "aught. C....cheas incfoese. lor and Board of Regents in procuring

0....0 "oat. 9....g fonts of Deseret Alphabet type, in

paying for printing of books with 7 0....oo "ooze. 0....k said type, and for other purposes."

5Wt <Sott<i# of fkt mbem.....ga...ac in...grate. Orson Pratt, professor of astronomy

t... P....f and mathematics at the University of Deseret and one of the territory's

J et. 6 v most renowned scientists and scholars,

of this J "at. L.. eth..as in.thigh. was assigned the leadership

J "ot. X...the "thy patchedphase of totheSt. project.Louis to procureHe was fontsdis-

r 41 t. <y.... 8 of type in the new alphabet so that

of the printing books and lesson ma- s 41 book. 6..... z 8 terial could be undertaken.

Dc*M* Bound*. D esh..as in..flaA. Considerable delay was experienced

a... 8....zhe "vision. in getting the new spelling reform into

o.ow "owl. <t ur "burn. ousoperation.task to compileIt was doubtlesssuitable material,a labori-

V....ye 1 1 transcribe it into the new letters, and

it for publication. The first W....woo 0., m arrange

type proved unsatisfactory, and new f....h H n supplies had to be procured. In the

M eng.as in.length. meantime the Church aggressively extended its colonization of the Great

Basin and pushed its worldwide missionary system.

In May 1858, the Deseret News writing and spelling reform. Watt thirtyone new characters were added, press was moved south to Fillmore in

diligently applied himself to the some of them being borrowed from preparation for the abandonment and mastery of Pitman shorthand, and illustrations of ancient alphabets repossible burning of Salt Lake City at upon his return to Utah he was made produced in the front of Webster's unthe coming of Johnston's Army to

Church reporter, a position which he abridged dictionary, while others Utah. 9 However, because of the efheld for about ten years. 4 He enwere originated by Watt. It was forts of Colonel Thomas L. Kane, an

joyed a wide reputation for his stenorealized that the new type would be amicable settlement was arranged, graphic skill, reporting the sermons much more expensive than the reguand the Army entered peaceably and of the General Authorities for publilar kind, since it would require special established itself at Camp Floyd.

cation in the Deseret News and later casting. So, with practical Mormon Consequently, it was possible to rein the Journal of Discourses and the thrift, it was decided to delete any turn the printing press and equipMillennial Star, both of which were tops or tails to the characters in order ment to Salt Lake City the latter

published by the Church in England. to improve the wearing qualities of part of August. 10

The Deseret Alphabet, as finally the type. 5 Beginning with the issue of Februadopted by the board of regents, was In his message to the territorial ary 16, 1859, and for sometime there-

a curious collection of thirtyeight legislature in December 1854, Govafter, the front page of the weekly characters, one for each sound discernernor Brigham Young championed the Deseret News was nearly covered with ible in speaking English. Only the new project in the following words: lessons in the Deseret Alphabet. Oneletters C, D, L, O, P, S, and W of the writer remarks that it "could almost

Roman alphabet were retained, and While the world is progressing with steamhave been mistaken for a Turkish engine power lightning and speed in theeven given these were new sounds. list"tax from its outlandish appearof accumulation wealth, sciextension of 11 example,For "che,"was called "C"ance. ences, communication of dissemination and

"D"became "esh,"and "L"was letters and principles, why may not the Classes of instruction were held transformed into "eth."To these, way be paved for the easier acquisition of (Continued on following page)NOVEMBER 1954

THE DESEREI ALPHABET (Continued from preceding page) white face. My father gave the calf to The new educational reform did not

gives us milk. me. The cow territory, thethroughout and many for vigorous Terrichampionship. 1 'We churn the lack

butter. milk and make of thepeople learned new method torial superintendent of schools,

reading and writing. 12 "During the The Deseret Second Book was simiRobert L. Campbell, in his annual redecade 18591869,"says Andrew Jenlar in format but with twice as many port for the year 1868 had this to

son, "some of the Church records pages. The frontispiece was a chart say:

were inscribed in the Deseret Alphaof the thirtyeight characters with bet."13 T. W. Ellerbeck, secretary to their phonetic sounds. The book conThe Superintendent takes great pleasure

Brigham Young, comments that tained the "Lord's Prayer"and the Youngin secondingand thethe effortsBoard ofofPresidentRegents Brighamof the "During one whole year the ledger ac- "Sermon on the Mount"from the University of Deseret, in the introduction counts of President Young were kept Bible. There were simple science of the Deseret Alphabet. That English

by me in those characters exclusively, lessons and practical instructions en orthography needs reform is patent to all the slightest given the have matter who thatexcept the figures of the as to subjects dig old such well a how consideration. the footsteps follow in To

style used, were not having been fruit to trees. for care and how Two of fathers in of venerated our system a 14changed."lessons in series the to inconsistent devoted were so ridiculous orthography and

Another interesting use was on the riding horses and owning guns. "A and which has never helped to make the

new Deseret gold pieces. This coin gun is good to keep off dogs and bad comers thereunto perfect, is unworthy of

of 1860 carried on the reverse side men at night,"pioneer children were ationspeopleare whoseto be constantassociatedandwithhighesttruthaspiraand figurethe crouching of a lion, above told. virtues were taught The moral intelligence, discard error in whatand who

is inscription presented. "Holinesswhich ever was the form it in lessons dealing with honesty,

to the Lord"in Deseret Alphabet obedience to parents, and kindness to characters. The minting of gold animals. "Feed the cow and let the However, it was found in practice

coins was carried on for more than a cat lie by the warm fire,"read one that the learning of the new alphabet decade in the little adobe mint buildlesson. Literature was represented was not as simple as had been suping on South Temple Street, which by such favorite verses of childhood posed. In addition, the monotony of

stood about where the beautiful as "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star"the lines of type without tops or tails

Church flower gardens are now loand "Little Drops of Water, Little made it more difficult for the eyes to cated. This same building also Grains of Sand."follow than the ordinary printed page.

doubled as the printing office of the These volumes were printed by the Had the project been put into operDeseret News until 1854. Deseret News press (then housed in ation more promptly after its incepSchoolbooks printed in the Deseret the Council House at the southwest tion, it might well have succeeded,

Alphabet did not come off the press corner of Main and South Temple but the fifteen year delay in getting until 1868. 15 It is a little difficult Streets) with the type which Orson schoolbooks printed was fatal. By

to account for this nineyear delay. Pratt had brought back from St. Louis. 1868, Utah's isolation was virtually

Doubtless the Civil War, which raged Ten thousand copies of each book at an end. The following year saw

between the North and the South were printed. Eight thousand copies the completion of the transcontinental

from 1861 to 1865, had repercusof the Book of Mormon to the end of railway, bringing an influx of outsions in Utah. Then there were Inthe Words of Mormon, designed to be siders to the territory, and opening

dian troubles, paper shortages which used as an advanced reader, were the way for a flood of printed matter made it difficult to keep the Deseret also printed by the same press. 18 from the presses of the nation. Two

News running, and other hardships. In a letter dated December 9, 1868 of the original committee members,

It is possible that the lack of a power to Albert Carrington, who had reParley P. Pratt and Heber C. Kimball,

press was also partially responsible cently gone to England to preside were dead, and Brigham Young, the for delaying the project. However, over the European Mission, Brigham project's most vigorous champion,

in 1864, the Deseret News replaced Young wrote: passed away in 1877. Thus the atits small hand press, which printed tempt to reform the written language

two papers a minute, with a steamThe school trustees throughout the Terriof Utah was abandoned.

interest tory manifest considerable in inconsiderable specubeen has There press, cylinderpowered could which troducing in the printed books the Deseret to as the origin lation and purposesturn out in copies the three hundred is Elder Alphabet. Pratt at present Orson

same length of time. Finally, in engaged in getting out the Book of Mormon of the Deseret Alphabet. The his1868, bookbinding equipment was in that alphabet; it will be divided into torian H. H. Bancroft professed to see

parts to of take readers place the the relationship the a between alphabetpurchased in the East brought and

I in schools. that expect to threegenerally our used 16 characters the ancient from and whichUtah. will to east next Pratt Elder season go 22 translated. was Book of Mormon of the printing publishing the superintend and First as Book, Deseret its name The

implied, was a beginning reader, conthis work.19 Also he and other writers have inproject as terpreted the at attempt an six lessons of thirtypagestaining of printing a the comApparently isolation, to to access prevent Mormon for pictures; simple example,based on of of edition plete the Book Mormon writings the books outside and by pictured aLesson XXIII cow for task the a big too considered and a was to world, in time develop a and briefcalf the following reading with facilities of the Hence, Deseret News. separate literature. language andexercise underneath: Russell Pratt Elder contracted with conjectures are not These supported

We have a red and white cow. She is Brothers of New York to do the job. by the facts.

It that only seems, however, five hunkick not doesa quiet you and cow when of the characters 20 The real origin printed. actually copies dred were calf her. a hasmilk with She a brown (Continued on page 828)

806 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA In its first year, millions of motorists have proved the benefits of

Conoco Super Gasoline with

Now let these five "fullyear-users"tell you what they have discovered about

The Greatest Gasoline Development in 31 Years

Little more than a year ago, we introduced Conoco Super Gasoline with TCP.

At that time, we promised owners of new cars and old that TCP would:

Boost engine power as much as 15%.

Give you extra gas mileage.

Be just like an engine tuneup.

Increase sparkplug life up to 150%.

Let you enjoy all the extra performance of Conoco Super's higheroctane rating.

this to 1951 "I use plugs and Plymouth, used go at 5,000 "Spark my C\ A later, TCP here's year cusone what Now, I wife, 1949 miles, Since using our but with DeSoto. Conoco Super

telling are us Conoco tomers about Super TCP, in miles. with they almost run plugs 10,000 haven't Conoco changed Super

TCP, greatest with gasoline the Gasoline like better. engines new. getting car sound 1951 I'm from We're power The new my

in years: 31 development is sold TCP."TCP with with on Buick. Conoco Conoco Super Super OK!"

Mr. Shirt R. Thomas, Grocer Mr. Ulmer J. Newman, Insurance Salesman

280 South 10th West, Salt Lake City, Utah 2502 West lefferson Blvd., Dallas, Texas

fc| "What I like about Conoco Super (\ "For one year, we've used Conoco k "Driving with my children in the with TCP has been the ease of startSuper Gasoline with TCP in 12 trucks car, it's important to have our ing. I use it in my trucks because it's and 5 cars, besides this 1953 Oldsmobile. 1953 Packard run smoothly. Since using

TCP, there's with It boosts engine Conoco Super to be on power and gets more important time. In my '52 no en-! '

gine chatter at all miles out of impressed better each gallon."mileage.". We're most Cadillac, I get

Mr. Robert M. Rowland, Builder Mr. T. P. McAdams, Jr. Mrs. James T. Cox, Housewife

1165 Emporia Street, Aurora, Colorado VicePresident, McAdams Oil Equipment Enterprises 4808 Holly Street, Bellaire, Texas 308 East 6th Street, Bristaw, Oklahoma

YOUR GUARANTEE

After one full year, there's still no substitute for Theantee trademark,that you areTCP,gettingis yourtheguarfull benefits of "the greatest gasoline CONOCO development in 31 years."Only

Shell Oil Company and its licensee,

Continental Oil Company, have TC p. Gasoline with Conoco Super TCP 1954. W Continental Oil Company forfor byby ShellShell OilOil ownedowned andand patentpatent appliedapplied—|—'TrademarkTrademark CompanyCompany V

NOVEMBER 1954 807 A

by W. G. Montgomery

filled. headto be was the hardly what it knew He Boy"—such

I saw there: emptiness, was,Iost—Aing of but an advertisement it was an

some time ago in a newspaper. a void, a lack of something to make

Under it was given a full description his life full.

of the boy, his name, age, and when Thus, being disappointed with his last heard from. A liberal reward home life, he sought sympathy and

was offered to anyone who could comradeship away from home. Of

notify his parents as to his wherecourse, he failed to find lasting satisabouts. faction in these first adventures,

Well, it occurred to me that inwhich led to further ones, until at stead of looking for the boy, I would last he had left home for good, and try to find out why he was lost. the parents had advertised, "Lost—

Others, more alert than I, would be Boy."

looking for him; and if I could only In my investigation, I further disfind out why he had left home, this covered that the school had lost

knowledge might help other parents him. Probably the teacher was doing

who had boys. Besides, it would afall she could for him, but a teacher

ford me an interesting study in the can never take the place of parents.

psychology of boy life, and why thouAnd his parents had no contacts with sands of boys drift away from their the school. They knew nothing of

homes annually. their boy's progress, of his peculiar

Upon investigation I found what I likes or dislikes.

had expected, that his home had first True, they purchased what books of all, lost him. He was lost in the he called for, and the mother always

home before being lost from the had his meals ready and his clothes home. clean; but beyond this she knew noth-

I found that his mother had been ing of his work. They never talked

giving more attention to the house with him about the subjects he liked best, if any; and since they were not

than to him. Keeping her house

tidy was, apparently, more important interested in his progress, why should he be? This, I think, is the way heto her than knowing where he was.

reasoned.In fact, she was secretly glad when

he was not around with his noise Books were dry, anyway; so he

and dirty feet. might as well cut loose; and one day

there. wasn't school had The The house had to be in perfect he

satisfied lost yet I wasn't him. Butorder when her club arrived, and a

Iboy is always tearing up someas to why he had run away. So,

investigated further.

thing. And, so this home had lost

the boy. He had quit it for outside I found that the community had

companions, for lodging places among lost him and would likely lose other lower class families who were not so place of his very own where he could boys unless conditions were changed.

careful about disorder and dirt. meet with his chums. Why? Well, I found no organizations, places or of clean Iost amusement So this sought and boy had

I this that immaculately found for boys. alleys, in community The had found back made companions

'toclean no house been had home life for social provision the of secret trysting no places, then in lowand lost its hold him,him. upon It had

I find did boys. poolrooms dance loafing grade restaurants and where was

I at for forever: this feared writand

halls I dives lowgrade that discovered welcomed. and where Thus,

ing, he has not been heard from. the home had lost the boy long bequestionable games were constantly

This lost boy had a sister, and fore his parents missed him. being played; but I never found a

while I found that she had been He began looking for something to single reading room or library or anyprovided with a nice room where her satisfy his nature which the home thing socially that would appeal to girl friends could come, no provision had not supplied. There was a vathe best in a boy.

had been made for the boy to have a cant place in his life which needed (Concluded on page 816) 808 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NOVEMBER 1954 809 table that Jacqueline had set before top of the picket fence, of the garage we left. In ten minutes we were roof which is dropping distance from

sitting at the table, heads bowed, a limb of the apple tree, of the skateA waiting for Samellyn to ask the blessthat is treacherous if it isn't fastened ing. The blessing with Samellyn is very securely to the sole of the shoe,

a simple prayer. First there is thanks of the danger of riding double on aLIFE for the food, then a prayer that it be bike. These were risks she could

blessed to make us grow "big and avoid. These were things that

Strong."Heavenly Father could rely on herLESSON Jacqueline was the one who gave to take care of, herself.

by Helen Hinckley Jones me an opening for the introduction Then there was the evening prayer.

of the project. "Don't serve me any In our family, part of the evening

beans, Daddy. I don't like green prayer is the Lord's Prayer. It was going to give a two and a half

I'mminute talk two weeks from tolimas."Mother and Father who thought of

Quite naturally we began to talk our individual responsibility in conday,"Jacqueline announced with of about the food. source our nection with God come. "Thy kingdom eightyear-old selfimportance one

all us If gave food. of our will ask it is in be we earth, as Thy done as Sunday morning returned we

to, bless will it to he him use, our in heaven."girls the But could unSchool. from carefully Sunday She

but he has to depend on us to choose derstand how wasteful habits can unfolded the paper which her teacher wisely the from wide variety he has lead to want, they help can howhad given her. It bore just one

If given us. choice, a good we make Heavenly Father to "give this us day selfreliance. word:

it then our prayer that will daily make us our gained bread."They an "You a great deal already know "big strong"and can be answered. added appreciation of their father selfreliance,"about I said.

who helped God answer this prayer Her brow puckered. "I know

by teaching every day at the college about self, but I don't know about so there would be grocery money. reliance."

They took an added interest in the "It's something you have yourself and so does little Samellyn."family garden which didn't raise

Then we talked about the things bread, to be sure, but food which we mean when we say "bread"in the the girls had learned to do for themprayer.

selves: bathe and dress themselves,

keep their bedroom and toy room It was necessary to help the girls clean and tidy, prepare simple to understand that the choices we lunches for themselves when necesmake for ourselves, the things we do, sary; run errands to the neighborcan't take the place of prayer; that

hood shopping center; practise a piano our best efforts would be unavailing

lesson without.supervision. without God's help.

"Oh, that!"Jacqueline shrugged her To find illustrative material for

shoulders and I could see that the Jacqueline's talk we began to make subject was so commonplace she was a scrapbook. A magazine in our home

losing interest in it. The girls were both interested. God carried a picture of the B Y U basket-

"Then there are harder things, gives us a choice in many things and ball team who, before their game in too,"I said, thinking fast. "Rememrelies on us to choose wisely. We Madison Square Garden, prayed, not

ber the time you prepared dessert must rely on ourselves to do that, that they would win the game but for dinner without my even asking too. that they might play a clean game

you?"She had prepared gelatin and We began to look for opportunities and that each might do his best. I

a package cake, both according to the to implement our other prayers with found tears in my eyes while the directions on the box. wise self choice. There were morngirls busily snipped out the picture.

Together we decided that selfre- ing prayers: "Keep me safe through In my research for a book I was

liance includes not only doing things the day."It is necessary to know that doing, I came upon a story of frontier

for yourself—things you have been Heavenlv Father is near to take care days in Idaho. Three little girls were

taught to do—but using initiative and of the big things, but we can rely riding in the back of a wagon. Their

courage, too. on ourselves for many things. Sammother, baby sister, and big brother

"But this talk is for Sunday School. mie suggested, "We can look both were riding on the front seat. Big

Where do Heavenly Father and Jesus ways when we cross the street."It brother accidentally dropped one of

come in?"Jacqueline insisted. was she who would have been run the lines and in reaching for it

Because I wanted the girls to disover one morning if the driver of a cramped the wheel so much that the cover the interaction between faith southbound car had not seen her, if wagon tilted and threw the seat to and work, I didn't answer at once. he had not been slowing for a boulethe side of the road. The three on

Instead we decided on a family project vard stop, if he had not been able the seat were unhurt, but the three that would make prayer more meanto swerve to the curb, if the road left in the wagon were nearly frightingful, not only to the girls but to had not been clear of northbound ened to death. Martha, who was

Mother and Father as well. cars—in short, if she had not been eleven, asked the younger girls to

When we arrived home, an oven protected by divine power. join with her in prayer. As soon as

dinner was all ready to put on the Jacqueline thought of the rail on (Continued on page 818) 810 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA for your GENEALOGY RecordsOur Family Through The Years Post binder finished in durable, heavy fabricoid, stamped in gold with the temple of your choice.

Available in the following temples:

(a) Salt Lake, (b) Idaho Falls, (c) Manti, (d) Logan, (e) Mesa, (f) California.

Colors: White, Tan, Maroon and Black.

(When ordering by mail state temple and color) Binders- $3.00

8 Generation Pedigree Charts To Insert In Your Genealogical Binder each,2j Other sheets available: Family Group Record Sheets; Pedigree Charts; Picture Pedigree Charts; Family Group Sheets (nonmember); Ruled Family History Sheets;

Personal Record Sheets; Plain Bond Sheets

—light and heavy weight.

Photographic Servi ce We now offer a photographic service for reproducing pictures for genealogical records.

Copies for Pedigree Sheet 1"High..45 each

Reprints..09 each

One copy with 6 prints..85 each

One copy with 12 prints.1.30 each

Additional prints above 12...08 each

Additional sizes available Send for price list. L D. S. Family Record

Maroon Imitation Leather Post Binder—$5.00

All Genealogical Supplies mailed postpaid!

DESERET BOOK COMPANY

44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

Pleose send the following items:

SsimL QoupsyfL |fe> Quantity (TemplesBinderor FamilyStyle Record) Temple Color

for which 1 enclose check ( ) or money order ( ) for

Deseret rnflfiHiii 44 East South Temple - Salt Lake City, Utatw Address

City State.

NOVEMBER 1954 811l and stumbling in darkness of the

Gentiles; and finally, when a place

was prepared, the restoration of the gospel and the coming forth of the

Book of Mormon. 2

Knowledge of the Western Hemisphere was kept from the inhabitants of the rest of the world for hundreds of years until the Spirit of the Lord rested upon a man named Columbus.

He was a righteous man and acknowledged the hand of the Lord. He

writes of a dream in which he heard these words: "From thy birth he has

ever held thee in special charge."3

No member of this Church need ever doubt that the Lord was the light that guided Columbus to this promised land.

After Columbus opened the way, many of the Gentiles fled to these shores because of religious persecution. To help establish a nation

where freedom in all things prevailed, the Lord inspired men. President

Wilford Woodruff is quoted as saying, "... that those men who laid

the foundation of this American government and signed the Declaration of Independence were the best spirits the God of heaven could find on the face of the earth. They were choice

spirits,..."4

George Washington was one of these favored spirits, and he acknowl- -Photograph by Lionel Green edged the Lord when he wrote

I attribute all the glory to that Supreme

Being who hath caused the several parts, which have been employed in the producAMERICA-A Place Prepared! tion of the wonderful events we now contemplate, to harmonize in the most perfect

by Chaplain Richard H. Henstrom manner, and who was able by the humblest

SERVING IN KOREA instrumentsful means to asestablishwell as andby securethe mostthe powerliberty and happiness of these United States.5

members of the Church of Jesus restoration of the gospel of Jesus

ToChrist of Latterday Saints, this Christ. This is why the history of this When the government of this land

land of America and our free form country is so closely linked to the spirwas being formulated, the question of government are gifts from God. itual—the Lord had a hand in its of religion was debated and discussed.

The Lord declared to the Prophet destiny. Nephi of old prophesied Some desired the establishment of a

Joseph Smith in 1833 concerning the process that would be state religion. Jefferson, Franklin,

... it is not right that any man should taken in establishing this great counMadison, and others recognized the

be in bondage one to another. try as a place for the honest in heart. dangers of combining the state with

And for this purpose have I established To Nephi, it was the "land of promreligion. Franklin especially objected

of this Constitution the hands the land, by this ise"where he saw the downfall of to preaching for "salaries"guaranteed I raised of wise unto up men whom in posterity as they undwindled purpose, very and redeemed the land by his 13. 2 1 Nephi

1 3Cyril of blood. Drew the shedding Pearson, "Columbus,"The Improvebelief; truth; the great apostasy from

Era, 52:674. ment

America was preserved until the the coming of Columbus and the GenConference Report, April 1898, p. 89.

Lord desired to prepare her for the tiles; the American revolution; the G.5TheW. BicentennialWritings of Commission.George Washington,U. S. Government17451799.

*D. & C. 101:7980. Bible of the Jews, and the confusion p.Printing116. Office. Washington. April 1932. Vol. 27,

****812 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

by the state, and, in this connection, he wrote in 1780 When a religion is good, I conceive that it will support itself; and when it cannot support itself, and God does not take

care to support it, so that its professors are obliged to call for the help of the

Civil power, it is a sign, I apprehend, of its being a bad one. 6

According to one of our modern biographers, Madison relied upon history to prove that the mixture of religion and civil powers was not conducive to a healthy society

Experience conclusively proved that during the almost fifteen centuries of the legal establishment of Christianity, there had developed "more or less, in all places, pride, indolence in the clergy, ignorance and servility in the laity; in both, superstition, bigotry, and persecution."Conversely, the time of Christianity's "greatest

lustre"was prior to its incorporation with civil policy. 7

However, it was Thomas Jefferson who really worked to keep religious freedom a part of the new government. He firmly believed that "Almighty God hath created the mind

free."Maybe Jefferson was looking

forward to establishing a place where the teachings of Christ could be lived.

He recognized an apostasy from these teachings, and about four years after the birth of Joseph Smith, he wrote

... that but a short time elapsed after

the death of the great reformer of the

Jewish religion, before his principles were departed from by those who professed to 187x Scofield

Bible, Reference into perverted special his servants, andbe edi Concordance agfor enslaving and engine mankind,an tion. 5'/2 x x 8Vs

grandizing their oppressors in Church and %". Hand grained

State; that the purest system of morals Morocco,leather lined.halfUltrathincircuit,

ever before preached to man has been Oxford India paper.

adulterated and sophisticated by artificial Black,brown, $20.00.maroon,Ingreen,blue,

contrivance intoconstructions, a mere to red, $20.50.

to themselves. power filch wealth and

Step by step, the Lord prepared this land for the restoration of the are no greater gifts to offer a loved one at Christmasgospel, and he did it by inspiring T.herethan the hope, strength, and guidance of the Holy Bible..

righteous spirits, and by protecting the free agency of mankind. The gosand no finer way to give them than in an Oxford Bible. For

pel had to be returned to the earth, nearly three centuries, Oxford has dedicated the art of skilled and these men were instruments in craftsmen to the Bible. Oxford perfected India paper for

the hands of the Lord, and a place was prepared. No longer would men Bibles, and its famous Ultrathin is still unequalled for thinhave to grope in darkness and wait for ness, strength, endurance, and opacity. For these reasons, the

truth to be restored as did Roger WilOxford imprint on a Bible is the mark of first quality.

liams. After seeking the truth for

many years, this early American religious leader "repudiated all visible y/iam tfuut tfo stifles bn inmtH to $2652* (Concluded on page 847)

Franklin in Twelve Benjamin The Works of InC. 114 Fifth Avenue, New York 11

(federal compiled by John Bigelow umes, ed.; NewVolOXFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS,

York: G. P. Putnam's Sons, 1904.)

7Adrienne Koch, Jefferson and Madison, (New York:

1950), Alfred A. Knopf,

Arr. Letters. s]effcrson's p. William28. Whitman. (Eau OXFORD -Jhneriate Gift Bible smce1675

Claire, Wis.: E. M. Hale & Co.), p. 259.

NOVEMBER 1954 813 S!

How the Saints Fed

the Indians

(Concluded from page 801) The accounts show that some Inthe sa(/Ce diansCacheexpressmadeValley,purposean annualpresumablyof obtainingpilgrimagefor foodtheto by from the tithing office. As regular

as the spring, for example, were "Weber Jack's"visits to Cache Valley. The accounts also reveal the

Church's faith in Indian friendliness with such items as "Fixin'gun for

Indian George"and "Bullets for

Indian Alma."In at least one instance, a branch of the Cache Valley

Tithing Office at Franklin, Idaho, erected and maintained a wheat bin for the specific use of Indian visitors.

The services of the tithing office explain why so few Latterday Saints in Cache Valley were killed by Indians.

One reason for the success of the many small Church settlements in the West was the implementation of the "feed rather than fight"policy through such organizational facilities as the local tithing offices. This convenient institution gave to the Saints

an advantage in dealing with the

Indians that most western communities did not possess. Settlement in

groups, wellorganized congregations, and the establishment of such institutions as the tithing office thus prevented many unfortunate "Indian incidents"and brought the Latterday

Saints and the Lamanites closer together. There were, of course, some

BIG I casessional ofoutbreaksmisunderstandingof lawlessness,and occabut as the Saints in northern Utah and PAPER NAPKI N southern Idaho remembered the fate of emigrant groups at Almo, City of the Rocks, points in other and at

Idaho, make It pretty soft -foryou southern they undoubtedly agreed that it was indeed cheaper to feed their Red Brothers than to fight them.

Woops, there goes the mustard *l1 pickle! But what's the difference

when a big ZEE Napkin at the is?-.

fc&** neck catches the spill, saves the shirt.

ZEE Napkins, so soft and absorbent... always so fresh... are a

pleasure to use. It's a pleasure,

too, the way they save washing and ironing, make it pretty soft for you! ZEE

Napkins are doubleyour-moneyback guaranteed.

Crown Zellerbach Corporation 1954 San Francisco 19, California 814 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Are We "Carried in

the Wagons"? When Winter

(Concluded from page 795)

to the wagons, keep from them away.

is there thatby showing them honor Winds Blow.

attached to pulling handcarts into the valley... far more than in having

to be carried in a wagon."Again:

"The brethren and sisters felt wonderfully tender of the children, on the commencement of the journey, saying, 'What shall we do with them?'

and saying that they must get into the wagons. I said, 'Let them stick

by the handcarts, and pull off their heavy shoes... their feet will become tough...; but some were so

tender of their children that they nearly killed them by keeping on:

their heavy stockings and shoes.'

This same man walked 1300 miles "old and decrepit as I am,"he says, "with these crooked legs of mine."

**>***?'**- *.,.?'<**>... * - ** ** Such robust, oaken character is an m "'"-* *. - m -,,*-* * * *&*'

ideal for the present generation to strive for. The human weaknesses When oldtimers squint at the sky, when cattle start milling

which these pioneers possessed only and bawling it means one thing... the first "norther"of the

make their accomplishments the more year is blowin'in. It's the beginning of winter... a critical

remarkable. It is not suggested here

that operating power machines, or time for the brood cows. For they are building next spring's

canning, or perhaps picking cotton calf crop and maintaining their own bodies, too!

in the Arizona sunshine are alone When grass is brown or covered in snow, cows need helpsaving of our hardihood. But they

point in the right direction. to stay in shape and drop strong calves next spring. Purina

It is good to recall the reply of a Range Checkers contain a variety of choice grain for needed professional pianist who, when asked heat and energy; three sources of protein to furnish bodyif her hands would not suffer from building materials; vitamins and minerals for health, producthe heavyduty shears in use at that tion and reproduction.

time, when we were handcutting corduroy, replied: "Won't hurt them!

A little welfare work won't hurt anyFEED FAT CALF CHOW FOR FAST, CHEAP GAINS!

one!"It is Calf Fat Purina new! put to help developed beef was Chow you it will glad that you not. Be And

... thick quick in the right places. Fat Calf calves your and and Chow to sacrifice or onare a asked few hours

days to welfare work. Be proud to combines choice grains, a variety of protein, molasses, vitamins and trace minerals

be an heir to a pattern of conduct extra amounts of Vitamin A. Askwhich does not sanction softness and—plus

your Purina Dealer to tell you more about which foregoes personal convenience and whim in order to carry on a this new calf fattener next time you're in town and get a copy of the informativework that will bless others.

Fat Calf Chow circular.

But there are blessings promised us as well. Brigham Young once RALSTON PURINA COMPANY

said of temple building: "If the Denver Kansas City Omaha Pocatello

brethren undertake to do this work with one heart and mind, we shall be blessed exceedingly, and prospered See your Purina Dealer now aboutof the Lord in our earthly substance."

Similar promises are given for paryour winter needs for ticipation in welfare our work, and inPURINA RANGE CHECKERS lives will enriched be our and tegrity increased by it. Welfare

plants are a fine place for any of us to be seen in.

NOVEMBER 1954 815 "Lost—A Boy"

(Concluded from page Here was a community which had not properly valued its boys. Its

most sacred wealth was going to waste.

Only one father and mother there were deeply concerned about their boy, apparently, and too late for them, I fear. But I saw other boys

lost, as much so as the one being advertised for, only they were still around.

When a boy begins to enter the teen age, he needs more than any other one thing, a real, sympathetic, understanding and wise father or adult friend; and I found the very

opposite in the case of this lost boy.

This father is beginning to see, after it is too late, that a boy is worth more than business. He is now spending his money to find his boy and

would gladly give all he has to have that boy back with him as he was a few years ago. He confessed to me

first sees Give a Rational Bible theand follyhis boyof puttingsecond.his Hebusinessnow

that if he had given more time to his sold at leading Bible stores everywhere boy and less to his business, he might have saved both. But now with his

boy gone, his business gives him no pleasure.

As I took leave of the grayhaired GRIND YOUR father, his eyes were wet and his hands trembled. It was a new, terOWN WHEAT rible experience for him. And the

community, too, was stirred over the loss of this boy whose father was a prominent citizen. But nobody

seemed concerned about the boys still

Model 2040 there and lost to the better things of

HOBART MILL life.

will grind This is not an isolated case. The

wheat for same thing is happening in many flour or cereal homes today. Over this country to-

(Five different day are close to fifty thousand boys grinds) between the ages of sixteen and twenty, who are drifting about, lost to all intent, in that their parents know nothing of their whereabouts.

And I am sure that many, if not most of these drifters, have left homes

This is a rebulit Vz hp Heavy Duty Mill (not refinished) which originally sold for much like the one I visited.

$240.00. Over 500 in use in Utoh for A boy is sensitive; his feelings are grinding wheat. Unconditionally Guaranteed against any defect for one year. easily hurt. He is also independent,

Price $60.00 f.o.b., Salt Lake City proud in spirit. Give your best to

him, and he will respond with devotion; but neglect him, make him secHOBART SALES AGENCY ond and of small importance, and you

919 So. State—Salt Lake City, Utah may lose him. And advertising for

Phone 4-1684 him after he is gone may do but little good.

816 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Its the sourcream buttermilk in the mix that makes Sperry pancakes taste so good

OF GENERAL MILLS

All the rich oldfashioned goodness of real sourcream buttermilk pancakes—light, tender, delicious.

It's a simple new Betty Crocker method. Just get

Sperry Pancake and Waffle Mix. Easy directions are

on the package. You're in for some fine enjoyment when you

try these grand Betty Crocker pancakes.

wlTcfe PANCAKE AND WAFFLE MIX NOVEMBER 1954 817 A LIFE LESSON

(Continued from page 810) arms and encouraged the eightyear- they had prayed, the feeling of panic old to drop from the wagon as she left them and a plan for getting out had done. Not more than thirty yards

of the wagon came to them. Martha farther down the road the team

dropped from the back of the wagon. crossed a pole bridge, and the rattling

Worried about Something told her to hang on and frightened the team so much that keep on running. As soon as she they really ran away! The next day

could keep her feet, she coaxed her the wagon was found wedged between BANGING threeyear-old sister to drop into her two trees on the side of a hill. There

FENDERS?

Jkere JJ6 / fo rreedc rom Consequences Richard L. Evans

Oerhaps all of us at times have questions concerning free- * dom—especially young people who feel too closely tied,

Get the Extra Width toofreedomcloselyshouldtethered,meanandthewhorightsometimesto do absolutelyseem to anythingfeel that of this Lifetime they choose to do. Perhaps we have all heard youngsters

say in substance: If it's a free country, why do I have to

Steel Garage Door! do anything I don't want to do? Why do I have to practice?

Why do I have to go to school? Why do I have to come

conventional The If it's to country, at all? account a free anyone in early—or

is garage door I take can't I go and where do what want and I want 8'why that size wide—and

was fine for the what I want? Sooner or later, such misconceptions concernnarrow cars of the ing freedom, would, if persistently pursued, lead to loss of

'20s. But today—

cars as with wide freedom. Absolute and unrestrained freedom is, of course,

6'as extra clearthe is 8"—you need chaos. anarchy. anarchy complete And not freedom—but 9'ance Strand's of wide door responsibility. cannot without have freedom to We We cannot protect against costly fender damage.

This popular steel door will stay new have freedom without respecting the rights of others. We

a for lifetime get and permanently you living the law. within cannot without have freedom And as

easy operation. swelling, warping, No earnestly questions searching people ask such young who ever. Strand sagging—are galto doors

vannealed (galvanized with a heavy concerning freedom, it may be helpful to remember these few zinc for rust protection; coat oven simple essentials: Yes, we have our freedom—freedom to baked a clinging to provide base for

paint). No prime coat needed. refuse to take advantage of our opportunities, freedom to be

Based on installed cost, Strand is lazy, freedom to refuse to work, (even freedom to starve if

America's to); freedom to be dishonest, freedom to be unLow first cost—greatestbecausegarageofdoorhugevalue.prowe want

duction. Lowest installation cost, bepleasant, unkind, uncooperative; freedom to choose right

cause of onepiece door leaf and or wrong, honesty or dishonesty, chastity or unchastity, infactory-assembled hardware. See

Strand 9'x 7'and 8'x 7'and 16'x 7'dustry or indolence, honor or dishonor, truth or falsghood, doors—at your lumber dealer's. good or evil, light or darkness, the wrong road or the right

one. In all this we may have our choice, but in all of this

also there is one thing we must remember: there is no such

thing as freedom from consequences. Freedom is a Godgiven inalienable right and is essential to the soul's salvaSTRAND AliSteel QaluatutealecL tion in the highest sense. And every man must be proGARAGE DOORS whentected wein flaunthis rightanytolaw—ofchoose society,as to certainof the essentials.land, of nature,But, DISTRIBUTED BY or of God—we pay a price. We reap the results of the seeds

we sow. Freedom can be used or abused—but there is this

certainty concerning it: it cannot keep us from consequences. MORRISON

MERRILL & CO. Jke Spoken (A/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

BUILDING MATERIAL DISTRIBUTORS PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING 205 North 3rd West Salt Lake City, Utah SYSTEM, SEPTEMBER 5, 1954 Copyright, 1954

Boise, Twin Falls. Pocatello, Idaho

Reno, Nevada 818 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA had been a month's supply of groceries in the wagon box but only one can of baking powder remained.

Heavenly Father had helped the little girls to help themselves. The

story was particularly interesting to

Jacqueline because she had known and loved Patriarch Hanks, the father of these little girls. She decided to use

it as the illustration in her talk.

Wicks Pipe Organ It was amazing how much that one in the assignment did for the four of us. Union First L.D.S.

Our decision to ask Heavenly Father Ward Church, to help us to be more selfreliant in Salt Lake City reaching our worthy goals rather than asking him to "give,"has helped us all to gain a new understanding select a (JUiPk&Wft'nd be sure of thoughtful daily prayer.

Jacqueline's talk was successful beof the FINEST in every price range cause she knew what she was talking

Wicks Organs are skillfully fashioned byabout. Her words had grown out of craftsmen who combine a deepexperience, reflection, and prayer.

understanding of pipe organ traditions with the newest technical advantages. Let us

show you how an incomparable Wicks

Company in the Kitchen Organ can be built to suit your exact musical needs—and your budget, too.

(Continued from page 797) RECENT WICKS INSTALLATIONS IN L.D.S. CHURCHES INCLUDE THE FOLLOWING:

took the recorder back to the dining room, plugged it in, and started it. Chandler,Edgar, Arizona.Arizona,.Glendale... GilbertWard,WardPhoenixChapel Stake

Sue, it was ghastly! You wouldn't Laveen, Arizona...6th Ward, Phoenix Stake

Mesa, Arizona. think anyone would have stage fright,

American Fork,. Utah..7th Ward,.,6th andMesa8thStakeWard, Alpine Stake

talking into a tape recorder in her Salt Lake City, Utah... Union 1st L.D.S. Ward, East Jordan Stake

own dining room, but you should Salt Lake City, Utah... East Ensign Ward, Ensign Stake

.. L.D.S. Bountiful Ward. South

. Stake Woodruffhave heard me! My voice was high WoodsEvanston,Cross,Wyoming.Utah.3rd Ward,and sort of thin—and quavery! At

first, I mean. I sort of steadied down

after a little, and "The Highwayman"was better toward the end. I thought

I sounded pretty good in "Evangeline,"and when I started as Portia, wicks organ company highland, ILLINOISmy voice wasn't too bad. I was just

thinking that, when Barbie spoke. RICHARDWestern. GROVESRepresentatives.... 17 ofGlenedenThe HouseAve., Oaklandof Wicks11, Calif.

I jumped, and looked around. CHARLES W. ALLEN.... 10708 fin* Northwest, Seattle 33, Wash.

Then, I realized it was the tape reMAURICEMELV1N W,J. DUNNPLOG *,...........17155603 - 8th BaltarAve., SaltSt., VonLakeNuys,City, Calif.Utah

cording! LYNN H. HANSEN....... 1125 East 4th Ave., Mesa, Arizona

"I've a production here, that I'd like to star you in—

I laughed to myself, and was about to turn the recorder off when I heard /"K sounds like the clatter of dishes. I:.::

sat back and listened. Shrimp Cocktail

Suddenly, my own voice, kind of Salad Vegetable far away, said, "Margie has a new fuj ovJi sizzling stmfc Baked Potato coat—fireengine red."Our Famous

And Barbie said, "Certainly apSIZZLING STEAK propriate. She's as big as a truck."

Then, for a time there was only a with Mushroom Sauce subdued clatter. Beverage Rolls

Beyers Barbie'ssaid—voice again, "Johnny Our homemade$2.35 desserts

And mine saying, "That drip!

Don't bother to tell me anything that he said."TEMPLE VIEW DINING ROOM & COFFEE SHOP

We were bickering! Sue, it HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE

(Continued on following page) NOVEMBER 1954 819 Company in the Kitchen

{Continued from preceding page) sounded perfectly awful! I never WHY DO SAVERS SAVE? dreamed—I know, sometimes Mother

For scores of good and sufficient reasons—but, we're convinced, says, "Girls, please!"—but—that we

(I mean, I)—sounded like that most savers save in response to the urge of thrift. That is——Sue! Oh,

I rewound the tape, and started

They Save As A Matter of Course inthoughtwith hard.my dishwashing.When Barbie cameAnd in,I

Where They Save Is A Matter of Choice I"What'swas readytheformatterher. with"Barbie,"us? I Whysaid,

do we fuss at each other so much?"

THOUSANDS OF THRIFTY PEOPLE CHOOSE "I don't fuss,"she said firmly, "but you—"ZION'S SAVINGS BANK wereI letfinished,that pass.I tookWhenher theintodishesthe

dining room and invited her to have a chair. & TRUST COMPANY

While my recorded literary gems *EVERY SERVICE AND CONVENIENCE OFFERED BY MODwere being played, she remained unERN BANKING - plus - EXPERIENCE - 81 YEARS OF IT! impressed. When she heard her own

voice, she straightened suddenly in her chair.

I had heard it before, and the shock had worn off. But as I watched

Barbie get red in the face, and saw that stricken look come into her eyes,

President O. McKAY, DAVID I felt—cruel Lake City South Temple Main, Salt & I started to turn it off.

Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation "Don't,"said Barbie quickly, "I want to hear every awful word!"So,

I sat back and we both listened.

And after the recording was played out, Barbie and I made a solemn pact.

Henceforth, we will invite a guest to dinner each evening. Whoever is

dishwasher is hostess. The guest

offers to help with the dishes and falls cheerfully in with the plans of her hostess. The hostess has the responsibility for trying to keep things

keep the conversation A hit that never misses pleasant—touncritical.

In other words, Sue, we agreed to treat each other with the common courtesy that we would show to any HotcaJtes casual guest.

The idea is as simple as that. And,

Sue, it works!

Once, only, have I feared the plan would fail! That evening, I was Lumberjack hostess. For some reason, Barbie

kept getting the conversation out of pleasant channels. No matter what

I said Syrup Mother was mending. I went to

her. "What,"I asked, "can the hostess do about a guest who WANTS TO SOMETHING?"ley's START other Nal Enjoy these silence in the kitchen A deathlike Potato Chips 'foods, too—

Beef Stew Mayonnaise indicated that the guest was listenTang Salad Dressing ing.

820 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Mother knew, of course, what the plan is. She spoke, slowly and distinctly, "I think that the hostess,

when next invited to be a guest, might quite reasonably decline the invitation with cause."

For a minute, Sue, I couldn't get my mouth closed. I hadn't thought

of that!

For that same minute, there wasn't a rattle in the kitchen. Then Barbie UTAH'S called, "Yoo hoo, Mrs. Blum—"just

like Molly Goldberg. "Let's get together, sometime!"And I hurried

back to the kitchen.

That was the first and last awk-./f's Mountain Crown, Delightful and

ward moment. And now that we Crisp! Express Prepaid Anywhere in

know the plan is satisfactory, Barbie the United States! Order Gift Cartons

and I are planning to widen its scope. NOV/ for Thanksgiving and Christmas!

We're going to ask Mother to give the hostess an opportunity to plan, prepare, and serve dinner once in a three while. We are certain that we can

handle everything. And just look at

the experience we will be getting! And that goes to explain why you 350 haven't heard in such a long time, S

from bo stalks 425 Your chastened friend,

Peggy

Treat yourself and your friends to a rare taste thrill. Choose, and give,

love is Not Measured I SweetWhitechoice stalk Utahis cultivatedGift Celery.on mountainEach

(Continued from page 793) farms under constant care—blanched

SweetWhite, the natural way. Guaran-

—youshould shouldbe honestbe withhonest."your husband teed to arrive in perfect condition.

The pain was behind her eyes now.

Heavy. Persistent.

She looked at Brad again. His

milk was untouched on the table beside him. His eyes were still dreamy

as though he was planning Pam's future.

How can I tell him—she thought.

How can I watch anxiety come into his eyes instead of contentment? If

he knew, he would dread every day that passes; every hour would be

haunted. He would never know contentment again.

Harriet turned her eyes away, and FIRST OF ITS KIND MEETS A CRYING NEED presimply yet thoroughly, illustrated little "Eight"is a colorful the milkdrank first principles of Gosthe the sents the approaching children for book

.. in story form pel, at a time, onetell accountability. age of she now, him quickly.couldn't—sheShe couldn'tmust "Eight"child right to cleverly the directed

go through this alone. She straightby Lloyd Larson, Jr, in his own understandable language.ened her shoulders and steadied her

hands resolutely. But she must find

some way to keep Pam from getting ofJUNIORPasadenaBOOKS 65c$3.50perpercopyVz doz.

married. to her Rd. Lombardy go 3095 per $6.00

Calif. 10, Pasadena tax in sales Calif, add doz.3%on maybe, Sheher—Newwould askYork, for order find or money check please Enclosed $

toor mail to Please from of "Eight."away me in payment of copies a tripFlorida—anywhere,with

address: following prepaid at the postageGil. print) or type (Please

"Brad-"NAME.

"Yes, dear?"

STREET- "I've been wanting a vacation. CITY,.STATE.

(Continued on following page) NOVEMBER 1954 821 LOVE IS NOT MEASURED (Continued from preceding page)

You promised Pam and me—that "Brad—don't say that!"oh, please understand how we feel.someday we could take a trip—Then she heard the front door We want to get married—as soon as

Brad chuckled. "You mothers! open, and Pam's laugh caroled possible—we have planned a temple

Why don't you give up, Hattie? You through the hallway; the next secmarriage."

can't make Pam forget Gil by taking ond she was standing before Harriet Brad stood up, smiling, genial, his her away. Why don't you face it?"and Brad, her cheeks glowing pink eyes telling them that of course he

Harriet bent her head. Brad and her eyes like brown lights. She understood. Harriet felt her throat

couldn't know how his words hurt was holding to Gil's arm with both thicken and the pain in her head her. He thought she was selfish, hands as though she would never moved across her eyes. But somepossessive, trying to keep Pam from let go of him. how she got to her feet. She heard

herself saying, idiotically,Gil's love. Her hand went out to "Mother-—Dad—"Her voice broke

him, touched his knee, imploring on a glad high note. "We came "How nice, Pam darling. How

wonderful. But of course, you musthim to understand. straight home to tell you—to ask you,

wait until next year. Promise you

will wait."

Brad put his arm around her and gave her a hard squeeze—almost

shaking her. "Nonsense!"he pro-

S&Jwsibu UtsL Qhuutdt. happiness,tested. "LetHattie.the kidsI'm forhaveit. theirAnd

so is your mother, Pam. She's just

WITH THE FINEST surprised,Harriet thought,that's all."if Pam would only

look at me she could see how I feel.

AUDIOVISUAL But Pam's eyes are starfilled and

TEACHING AIDS glistening. "We thought we'd make it very

soon,"Gil was saying. Harriet saw

- 16 mm Motion Pictures his eyes turn toward her, and they were honest and convincing and al- k 35 mm Filmstrips most as if he were presenting his first * 2"x2"Glass Slides thebig firmcase. next"I'mweek.goingWeoncoulda tripmakefor

it Tape, Disc Recordings it our honeymoon."

Harriet couldn't take her eves *k Charts, Maps, Graphs from his; honor student, she thought,

returned missionary, successful young attorney, a man with wings. And

as she looked back into his clear steady eyes, she knew what she had to do. She must tell him the truth

about Pam. Yes—she would go to

his office early in the morning and tell him everything Dr. Granger had AUDIOVISUAL said.

CENTER sheShehadsmiled.for weeks.She feltEvencalmerher headthan

Brigham Young University ache subsided as she said cheerfully:

Provo, Utah "How about something to eat? We

can raid the icebox—that's always fun—SEND FOR A FREE CATALOG...

"Why, sure!"Brad agreed. "This

calls for a celebration!"

AUDIOVISUAL CENTER Brigham Young University At ten o'clock the next morning

Provo, Utah *- Harriet stepped into the crowded

Please send me a catalog of AudioVisual Teaching Aids., elevator in the Harper Building. Gil's

office was on the tenth floor, she had

NAME read on the register, and as the elevator sped upward her heart seemed

ADDRESS to drop lower until she felt weighted

CHURCH POSITION HELD to the floor. But she must go through

with it. There was no other way.

822 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Several people got off at the tenth I must talk to you. It's about Pam."He grinned. "I guess it is written

floor and Harriet let them pass by His smile came again, reassuring all over me."why—"Harriet's voiceher. She listened to their hurried, her, and Harriet wondered if he "That's

purposeful footsteps; they were on would hate her for doing this. Maybe stumbled but she went on, choosing

words orditheir work, to a happy way to she should let him marry Pam withher should you it be useful day.nary would What carefully.know—Pam"That'sis ill, verywhy knowing. outlike, she wondered, to have a day ill—"She looked at him and met his

again without this awful uncertainty, "I could talk all day about Pam,"eyes, bravely.

this awful dread? How lucky most he said and Harriet noticed the bright He was still smiling; a smile of

people were, not to know what the joy in his eyes and the wonderful tenderness and understanding and future holds, to just live on blindly, tone in his voice when he said her infinite awareness.

joyously. name. "Mrs. Evans, I wish I knew "I know,"he said.

some way to tell you what Pam means not repeated, she "You—/cnoio?"the against leaned and She stopped

to me!"correctly. sure him she had heard to take thiswall. planning She was

could you?"joy from Gil. But she was doing it "I know,"Harriet murmured. "I "But how—howbecause she wanted to be fair. What can see—(Continued on following page)

mother could stand by and let a boy like Gil sacrifice himself without knowing it?

She walked resolutely along the corridor, her eyes scanning the lettering on each door. Tenfourteen, tenfifteen, tensixteen. Connor, Burk,

and Connor. She stopped and drew

in her breath for courage. Then she

opened the door and stepped inside.

The outer office was spacious, well furnished with deep rich carpet, settees, and chairs. A pretty redhaired girl looked up from her typewriter and smiled at her. She's so

healthy, Harriet thought, noting the sun tan on the girl's cheeks, the perky tilt of her head, the bubble of mischief in her blue eyes. She has years

and years ahead of her. Why didn't

Gil fall in love with her? Oh, why—

"Good morning,"the girl said in a voice that matched her eyes. "May

I help"Yes—I—"you?"Harriet hated the sound

of her own voice, the ache in it, the frustration. "Yes,"she repeated,

"I'd like to see Mr. Gil Connor,

please."The girl pressed a buzzer on her desk. There was an answering buzz

and then she said, "Mr. Connor will

see you."She stood up, motioning Harriet to follow her. She opened a door and

a second later Harriet heard it close behind her. She was facing Gil,

who was standing beside his desk.

He is smiling, she thought, and his gray eyes are kind.

"Mrs. Evans! This is a nice surprise!"He came toward her, took Hew Premium Gasoline

her coat from her arm, and her handbag, and laid them on a chair. Then

he sat down at his desk. His eyes,

she noticed, had deepened and hischin had squared off. SINCLAIR

Harriet swallowed hard. "I know

this is presumptuous,"she said. "ButNOVEMBER 1954 POWER-X 823

10VE IS NOT MEASURED (Continued from preceding page) Harriet sat frozen. Pam knew. A

"Pam told me,"he answered. "She dozen scenes came back, vividly. The

has known about her condition since way Pam tried to catch all of life last winter when Ella Grant was at once; how gay her laugh, how

IN ORGAN MUSIC hurt in that ski accident. She went bright her eyes, how eager she was

down to the blood bank to donate for life! The way she had lingered

blood for Ella. They discovered it. when she came to their room to say

She realized then that Dr. Granger goodnight. Poor, lonely little girl.

must know and had told you. But Harriet covered her eyes with her

she respected your silence."hands.

S3>S;:3s5;Sv5sS

amnu amn ti

Richard L. Evans

f\w do:this questionYoung peopleagain ofsometimesfreedom ask,to do"Whywhat wcdo wantparentsto

CHOOSE worry so much, and watch us so closely, and repeat so often the same precautions? We are able to take care of ourselves.

Why don't they leave us alone and let us learn in our own

FOR CHURCH SCHOOL HOME way?"In short, it seems that young people want to know

why parents must act like parents! (Perhaps we shouldn't

Whatever the need... whatever pass this without saying, parenthetically, that society is safer,

the occasion—Connsonata is and so are youth, and happier also, when parents more

Electronic Finest "America's conscientiously the play look upon part of parents—and church, Organ"for obligation in life.) important as the school or parenthood The most

are available, home. models Four

single with the popular manual fact is, that there is no acceptable way for parents to free priced only slightly higher than themselves from parental responsibility. They have no choice

a fine piano! For superior allif they do their duty before the law, before society, and bearound performance, insist on fore God. They must be concerned; they must counsel;

Connsonata. See it... hear it they must caution; they must pass on to their children the

... compare it—and you'll buy benefit of their own experience and of'others. In other

it. words, they must act like parents—or be derelict in their

duty. This brings to mind the poignant comment of a girl

COME IN OR PHONE 9-7633 who heard her companions complaining of their parents

FOR FRIENDLY DEMONSTRATION complaining of being counseled and cautioned, of being asked

AT NO OBLIGATION where they were going, who they were going with, and of being told at what hour they should be in—to all of which

she said: "You should be grateful to have someone think

to care where you're going and when you will aunes Music enough of you be back. My parents don't seem to care."This sobered

IT nriIT it in the joined general had those who 4547 SOUTH MAIN complaining—as

pafrfafa C/ty wm or into other to school should. children send the may We145 BLVD.,OGt>EN NORTH UNIVERSITY. PR0V0"226O a WASHINGTON

supervised activities, and be physically free of them for a few hours, or even for many months—but still the primary

responsibility for children must rest upon parents. Some

with better parents than will do their work FREE FILMS others—some

375 Titles to Choose From irritation, less some seemwith some more understanding,

ALSO OF SPECIAL INTEREST ingly with less obvious intrusion; some teachings may seem RENTAL AT REASONABLE

at times tiresome; even seem some may unessential—but THE CHOICE LAND parents, of children must the part play parents and must

OLIVER COWDERY recognize the part that parents must play, and be willing to

WALT DISNEY FILMS listen and learn. So far as parents and children are conin Technicolor

cerned, there is no honorable way by which they can free and OLD NEW TESTAMENT themselves from their continuing obligations to one another. Films, Bible Subjects

For Information or Catalog Write, Wire or Call -She J>poben l/l/ora FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, SEPTEMBER 12, 1954 Copyright, 1954 54 Post H8LLAMSOffice Place, Salt Lake City, Utah

Phone 3-5417 824 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Gil came over to her. He put his

hand on her shoulder, and she felt the strength and warmth of his fingers. "Parh will be glad we had this talk,"he said. "It's a great comfort

to be able to share your trouble. My

dad taught me that, a long time ago.

When my mother was ill and the doctors had told Dad it was just a matter of how long her heart could hold out, he called my sister and me into her bedroom and told us what they said. 'We'll share her

trouble,'he explained 'And when we divide it up among us all she has only onefourth as much to bear. And

she has four times as many prayers to help her.'I've always been grateful

he was honest with us. And mother

appreciated it, too. There was nothing for us to conceal from each other.

We kept her with us for a long time years longer than the doctors thought we could. She was happy because

we were easy and natural about everything. We can be that way with

Pam, too. We can make the days

bright for her."

Harriet took her hands from her eyes and looked at Gil. He didn't

know that she had not told Brad.

They all knew but Brad, she thought with a heavy sick feeling. Now she

must tell him.

"Pam and I have faced this squarely,"Gil was saying in that confident way of his. "But we have faith, too."Hung by the Heels. This new diagnostic X-ray

machine makes it possible to hang a patient by the heels while "But—marriage!"Harriet protested.

"It's not fair a fluid that is opaque to X-rays is injected into her spine, and to—you."

She saw his eyes deepen again. travels slowly down toward her head as the doctor fluoroscopes

"You're wrong there, Mrs. Evans. her spine in the search for a possible tumor. The support for

I don't think of it that way at all. the huge geared ring on which the X-ray table is mounted, as

I want to marry Pam because I love well as most of the sheet steel panels used on this unit, is her. Someone has said, 'Love is not made of USS Steel.

measured in length of time.'I believe that is true. Our marriage will give

her happiness, and maybe—who

knows—maybe that happiness will

prolong her life. Pam was honest

with me. She told me about herself

HARVEST TIME IS we knew how we felt about when RvDy thicUNO MUlUycfiirdv r PEHRSONMailHARDWAREThis CO.Cou Pon HERE! each other."

I eatyUtah his boyish, tipping His smile was

Please send me one Wheat IVIMl J IA/HFATIIIBL/II ILL eyes his corners; but at the check Inclosed is $6.50 mouth or moneyMill. j

order.

J for serious. you "Thank remained

| | Youyourcan owngrind Name and cereal "I said. tell to here he me,"coming Ii Address this flour with

| it."wheat will | always remember l cifCl,y mill.V/2 (Grinds

per State ''stood Harriet up and walked blindpoundsminute.) Order

ly toward the door. Some day she 595 now!

.would tell this boy how wonderful

he was. But she could not talk about (Postpaid,and

it now. anywhereshipped

"Let me drive you home,"he said, Americain gently. $6.50)for SHIPPING10 LBS.WEIGHT 2102 So. 11th East, Salt Lake City, Utah

(Concluded on following page) NOVEMBER 1954 825.

is Not Measured NOW FROM WURLITZER love(Concluded from preceding page)

She lifted her head, squaring her shoulders. A bright new courage a new church organ

went through her.

said. you, Gil,"she thank "No, with high fidelity

not going straight "I'm I must home.

first."traditional tone go to my husband's office

He touched her cheek with his fingers. "We'll work this out toDuring its development we believed that gether,"he said. "The four of us."

the new Wurlitzer Church Organ would "Yes,"Harriet answered, steadily.

offer the most liturgical tone in the electronic organ field. Now we're sure of it. "The four of us."

One reason is that the Wurlitzer Organ has the only natural musical source of tone in the entire electronic organ field Church and Mental Health—the famous Wurlitzer Reed. (Continued from page 791)

Another reason is Wuflitzer's of the strivings of the adolescent.

allnew highfidelity sound sysThrough Church programs, the tem which assures finer tone adolescent has ample opportunity for colors and truer fidelity to tradihealthy association with members of tional organ voices.

the opposite sex that can lay the

Be sure to hear the new Wurgroundwork for sound courtship and litzer. You'll be pleased with its eventual marriage.

magnificent tone—and surprised The Church's philosophy of the price. by its modest

marriage relationship is sound for the

SEND FOR FREE furtherance of good mental health.

CHURCH ORGAN The concept that marriage is a conFUND-RAISING KIT tract that should survive through the eternities is conducive to sta4601 Model Wurlitzer The Rudolph Company relationship. bility in the Petty difWurlitzer Organ. New Dept. 1-411, North N. Y. Tonawanda,

with start Prices Spinette indeed seem insignificant kit. ferences fundraising Please F.O.B. North send your free $1325. me

Tonawanda, New York. Also information on your new church organ. when one views his marriage as an

Name cated and condoned as a means ofwurlitzer eternal relationship which is advoAddress gaining salvation. An understanding

of of marriage the City County,. State. Mormon concept

l Music'sOrgansRichest Voice L be conductive can the marto making riage a healthy relationship.

The process of maturing into middle age brings with it changes in interest, in abilities, and in attitudes.

Get the position you want and.. The Church program allows for activities in keeping with these changes

in interest and abilities, where maMAKE MORE MONEY ture judgment and experience can now take the place of physical vigor

Classes: Shorthand Attend L.D.S. BUSINESS COLLEGE ortal youthfulhealth isappearance.the natural Goodresult menof a

Typewriting home life which conforms to the

Accounting You get personal GIRLS DORMITORY Church ideals of family living.

Office attention by the Half a block from It is doubtful that any group of

Machines very best instrucCollege. Supeople in America has a program

Secretarial, pervised dormitory which can be so helpful in maintainStenographic tors at the friendly facilities for girls. ing the mental health of the aged

and complete business college. A few vacancies. as can the program of the Church.

business curThe basic philosophy of the Church riculum is such that one sees the declining years of life still as potentially useful years. The aged of the Church

should still be busy "working out BUSINESS COLLEGE their salvation,"and thus have little Branch of Brigham Young University time for bemoaning the infirmities of 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH age and rehashing the experiences 826 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of youth. With this healthy attitude toward life and, in particular, Today's finest lubricating oil

is activity age, old toward there

is really of the essencewhich good cuts engine friction so much mental health at any age level.

The continued enthusiasm for life is readily seen in the facial expression of the older person attended has who temple, the the IT CAN SAVE YOU UP TO where he has done ordinance work for some ancestor who was not privileged to know of the Lord's plan of salvation in its fulness. Ward activities also call for 2 GALLONS OF GAS

the participation of the old as well as the young, and these activities help continue the sound mental health of the participants. The priesthood quorums arrange social IN A TANKFUL

activities and constructive enterprises where older people can meet and enjoy doing many things commensurate with the age and inclinations of the older groups. Old, as well as young,

can find useful activity in the Relief Society organization. All of

these things add up to a feeling of being useful and of being needed on the part of the older people. It is

this feeling which accounts for the sparkle in the eye and the enthusiasm of the older person who has Cuts oil consumption found an activity in the Church proPrevents valvelifter gram. Thus, old age does not become rusting trouble

a time of uselessness, of being unwanted, of being a social burden. Reduces combustion

Good mental health is an attrichamber deposits bute and an achievement which begins early in life and continues until Greatly increases we die. The gospel of Jesus Christ engine power

provides the means whereby the route along life can be made pleasant, useful, productive, and thus free from the signs and symptoms of poor mental health.

tbu expect morefrom (utoco) andyet iff

UNSPOKEN UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY

By Nina Willis Walter 45th Year of Service

She said so little—yet he understood.

He knew how a swift wind could flush her cheek isssswsy?ARCHAEOLOGY, GEOGRAPHY, RELIGION

herAnd set heart to beating, how a. sleek

Tall lily, or a bit of polished wood, THE ACTUAL CONTENTS OF THE

Or flaming sunset pleased her. When she BOOK OF MORMON

stood the hilltop, thrilling to the streakUpon brillianceOf dawn, that was by the BOOK OF1 ArrangedTeachingfor a andReferenceMissionaryGuideWorkto Aid in when creek MORMON

She watched the fish, he knew her life was good. BOOK OF MORMON

And yet he longed to hear unspoken words, GUIDE BOOKWished to be told that he had given enough, Pmm

That other joys were sweet love's supple- $5.00

ment. that, to hearHe yearned when she watched - Z.C.M.I. DESERET - CO. BOOK BOOKCRAFT

birds the *rf Other Stores Leading and Book brightened at the whirlwind's sudden vHiOr puff, They were the symbols of her love's content.

NOVEMBER 1954 827 THE DESERET ALPHABET 1,322 has already(Continuedbeenfromdescribed.page 806) The provesmajor languagesthat thereof wasthe noworld,desireamplyfor

PAINT worldwide proselyting activities of exclusiveness. There was certainly

COLORS the Church from the very date of its no other purpose in the adoption of founding, together with the zeal with the Deseret Alphabet than a laudable which its sacred books and literature desire to simplify the spelling of the have been translated into all the English language by the substitution

DURABLE g55S555SS5S5S55!S5S555S55S

WASHABLE uddeniu rts AruLvtwivi f Richard L. Evans

f don't know how it is where you live, but where we live * there has been a different feel in the air these past few days. By sure and certain signs we are well aware that

suddenly it's autumn—as trees begin to shed their summer

dresses, leaf by leaf, first having costumed themselves in high color to celebrate the autumn evening. And one of

these mornings the moisture on the grass will be white and crisp. Then the fields will take on quieter color, before

PERFECT wintersheets. stepsAsideinfromand thecoversbeauty,the thesleepingnaturalness,silence thewithwonderwhite

COLOR ofcomesthis soannualsuddenly.occurrence,We rememberwhat alwaysonlystrikesyesterdayus is hearingthat it

talk the children of being of soon the out summer school—but

slipped MATCHING has by, suddenly at they again and are back now their books, We remember only yesterday watching the last snow melting, and farmers plowing spring fields. Only

yesterday, we remember looking anxiously for the first sign of leaves to show, and for the beauty of the spring blossoms.

\ for inside Only yesterday (or so it seems) we remember the rush of or outside ChristmasChristmas morning;shopping,theandNewtheYear;everFebruaryfresh wonderand valentines;of the

April and Easter; May and Memorial Day; June and commencement; and July and August; then summer is gone

and suddenly it's autumn. Wonderful as it all is, yet too

many summers have slipped suddenly from us without our having done a thousand things we had intended to do—

things we had solemnly said "this year"we would do, with family and friends—when school was out, when summer

came. But summer came and slipped away—and suddenly

it's autumn. And too much of life itself has slipped away,

as spring has successively succumbed to summer, and as successive summers suddenly passed. And when it is autumn,

it is almost winter; and when it is winter we had better have

the harvest behind us. Scrambling for lost time is an unhappy occupation. We can buy the harvest of the farmer's

field. We can buy apples by the bushel. We can buy all

the material things that another man has made. But in

life we cannot buy a year or a month or a minute. And with

the seasons and the years slipping from us so suddenly, surely we should sharpen our sense of values; surely we should look

at everyone and everything around us and ask ourselves what really matters most.

Jke -SnokeH}Pf< '>"l/Uord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE BENNETT'S65 West First South, Salt Lake City

FACTORY RETAIL DEPARTMENT PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING 21st South & 2nd West, Salt Lake City SYSTEM, SEPTEMBER 19, 1954

Bennett's Dealers Branches and—and

throughout the Intermountain area and Copyright, King Features Syndicate in Southern California.

828 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA system. It was phoneticof a simple also Have your would that such a systemthought

make it easier to teach the gospel to the Indians, in whom as a remnant

Israel the of hasof Church the House 23 as lUIPROVEmtfll ERAS interested, deeply beenalways foreigners as to thewell who immihandsomely bound to Ellerbeck, T. E.grated Utah.

secretary to Brigham Young during "It writes:this also period,—was for just $Q00

.. of astarted enabling view. with FOB SALT

CITY U LAKE easily learn to to read youthour more and spell and to hinder or prevent FOR BINDINGYEAR'S YOURISSUE ENTIRE their access to the yellow covered

Retain for permanent use the excellent inliterature of the age or any unwholestructions and outstanding articles of lasting some reading."24 interest that appear monthly in your ImproveTo use the words of the late handsomelyment Era. Youboundmaynowhavein editionsclothcoveredof the bookEra

Dr. John A. Widtsoe, "The Deseret form with gold stamping. Cost is just $3 (preAlphabet represents a noble experipaid), plus postage, for an entire year's issues.

ADD POSTAGE FOR MAIL ORDERS a thoroughly worthwhilement with

Distance from 25objective."Salt City, Rate Utah Lake

Today, this ingenious project has Up to 150 miles 43 largely passed into oblivion and the 150 to 300 miles 49 few copies still extant of the Deseret 300600 toto 1000600 milesmiles 7359

First and Second Books, the first part 1000 to 1400 miles 88 of the Book of Mormon and the comOver1400 to18001800milesmiles 1.061.23

plete Book of Mormon published in the Deseret Alphabet have become Send to or bring your Era Magazines to the rare collectors'items.

NOTES Deseret News Press The West's Finest 'Binders 'B. H. Roberts, A Comprehensive History 31 RICHARDS STREET PHONE 4-2581 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints, 1930, V:79.

2Andrew Jenson, Encyclopedic History of the Church of Jesus Christ of LatterdaySaints, 1941, p. 184. more than meets the EYE

"Kate B. Carter, Heart Throbs of the

West, 1940, Vol. II, Chapter 11, p. 2.

"Carter, op. cit., p. 5.

BT. W. Ellerbeck, letter of February 24,

1885 to Franklin D. Richards, quoted by

Carter, op. cit., p. 3.

"Carter, op. cit., p. 2; Andrew L. Neff,

History of Utah, 18471869, p. 851.

7Carter, op. cit., p. 2; Neff, op. cit., p. 852.

cit., 8Neff, op. p. 852.

Voice in the West, &J'Behind each day's issues of The Salt Lake Tribune are the Ashton, "Wendell J.

1950, p. 89.

10Ashton, op. cit., p. 94. concerted efforts of thousands of men and women reporting

"Ashton, op. cit., p. 76.

12John A. Widtsoe, Evidences and Reconfff i news events from all parts of the globe for ALL the

ciliations LXXIV. "What Was the PurAlphabet?"Deseretpose of the The Imgreat wire services. And here in the Intermountain 47:33 Era, (January 1944).provement

"Jenson, op. cit., p. 184.

14T. W. Ellerbeck, Carter, op. cit., p. 3. <m Empire, a large corps of staff members, correspondents

K'Neff, op. cit., p. 853: Ashton, op. cit., p.

76. and editors are dedicated to the task of providing

18Ashton, op. cit., p. 159, 406.

"Carter, op. cit., p. 1.

lsNeff, op. cit, 855. the complete, unbiased and objective news coverage which

19Ibid., p. 853.

20Ibid., p. 855. has earned for The Tribune a ranking position as one

Ibid., p. 852.

22H. H. Bancroft, History of Utah, 71214, of America's Great Newspapers.

quoted by Roberts, op. cit., p. 7880.

23An editorial in the Juvenile Instructor

X:234 (October 2, 1875). %be jjalt fake iribune

24Quoted by Carter, op. cit., p. 3. The TIE That Binds the INTERMOUNTAIN WEST!

avWidtsoe, op. cit., p. 33.

NOVEMBER 1954 829

SI. LOUIS IN THE STORY OF THE CHURCH

(Continued from page 789) was a social and economic focal point During the years that there was no

Louis Saints who were able moved of the entire west. organized branch in St. Louis, the

west in answer to this call. Near the close of the century, durspark was kept alive by one or two

Moreover, about this time the press ing the conflict over polygamy in families who lived here. Finally their

of the country was launching an antiwhich the government confiscated pleas to Salt Lake City for religious

Mormon crusade that lasted through much of the property of the Chuch, help became so insistent that in 1896, the rest of the century. Pressures the Church employed as a counsel Elders Melvin J. Ballard and Ezra

were usually more psychological than James O. Broadhead of St. Louis, who Christenson were sent to reopen the

physical, but most Latterday Saints was helpful in securing a reversal of St. Louis Branch. Since that time,

preferred the hard work and priva- a previous Supreme Court decision growth has been slow but steady; the

tions of pioneer life in Utah to the and obtaining a return of the property one branch in the metropolitan area taunts and social and economic to the Church. has grown to three: one in St. Louis,

ostracism that faced them even in In 1890 Benjamin and Charles Missouri, and others in Belleville and large cities like St. Louis. Stoddard pushed a longdormant East St. Louis, Illinois, with com-

A third factor was the Civil War, claim to 350 acres of St. Louis bined membership of well over one property then worth $100,000,000.00. thousand.

which discouraged immigration and The heirs of Amos Stoddard, who had In September 1949 Presidentforced a rerouting of transcontinental travel to a more northern and safer acted as the agent for the transfer George Albert Smith dedicated a new route. By 1869 it was possible to of St. Louis to the United States at $170,000.00 chapel in St. Louis, the

Purchase, of of the Louisiana the time has uniqueness beauty and which railroad trip by to Utahmake the claim, but attracted a legitimate attention aroused had forand much as had cities a stopover in suchwithout feited it for membership in the widespread interest not only in the

St. Louis. Church at the time of their exodus structure itself but also in the Church

Finally there ceased to be an orfrom Nauvoo. doctrines which motivated such a

ganized unit of the Church in the A few years later, in 1904, Utah building. Chapels that are smaller

city. However, St. Louis did not participated in the Louisiana Exposibut no less attractive have also been

cease playing a part in Church histion, or World's Fair in St. Louis, erected and dedicated at Belleville,

tory. It was still the only large city and brought much favorable recogIllinois, and East St. Louis, Illinois.

west of the Mississippi, and as such nition to the Church. With the current division of the St.

"Whipping Cream.

is one of tKe

-wonderful foods

that noakfis

tjoya and especially during tKe Thanksgiving and Christmas seasons

GET HILAND WHIPPING CREAMFROM- YOUR. GROCER GEL FROM. THE HOMEDELIVEKf-MAtf

830 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Louis Branch, no doubt another chapel will be built in St. Louis.

Not only have the material advantages of the Saints in St. Louis

thus increased over the years, but also there has been a marked change in the attitude of the general public.

Although in the days of persecution jRO the St. Louis press sympathized with

the plight of the Saints and deplored Vlusi-C Co* ** the illegal, vicious action which mob 0***** an* it Dtf**1-HCB** of their deprived homes, had them to opportunities point lost few of weaknesses the Church,rumored out ***** a, io **ft3BtfS the members of which they usually dismissed as deluded, misguided W&&1 us <*ce A 8 tt *ee fanatics.

For a number of years the press as well as the public has been greeting fou? s *vr

the Church with great interest. In

June 1949 the city's leading newspaper, the PostDispatch, featured a **** story on the history of the Mormons in the area, pointing out their contributions and some of their beliefs.

On the occasion of the dedication of the St. Louis chapel, each of the

three leading newspapers of the city printed pictures of President Smith ELECTRONIC ORGANS and of the chapel; and two of them

sent reporters and photographers to cover the services, giving a completely favorable account in each instance. A total of six articles and

eight pictures appeared in the three papers over the weekend.

And so today with these changes,

St. Louis is assuming a new position

in the development of the Church...vw 1;*"'

As Latterday Saints are spreading outward from Utah across the nation, it is natural that many of them, ohio settle in such a. center of trade and THE BALDWIN PIANO COMPANY, DePt. ieiu, Cincinnati 2

industry as St. Louis. During the BUILDERS OF: BALDWIN GRAND PIANOS ACROSONIC SPINET PIANOS

war several large army depots and training centers brought many LDS HAMILTON VERTICAL PIANOS BALDWIN AND ORGASONIC ELECTRONIC ORGANS soldiers to the area. From Fort

Leonard Wood, Missouri, and the

Scott Air Force Base, Illinois, many service personnel attend services in the area. Today topranking medical, dental, and other training schools

bring many students from the West.

And settling here are an increasing number of topflight LDS business executives, manufactureres, highly trained doctors and dentists, artisans, mechanics, government officers, scientists, and college professors, all of them contributing to the social and economic wellbeing of metropolitan

St. Louis and at the same time trying

to develop a Latterday Saint community in which they can live and rear their children according to the principles of the gospel.

NOVEMBER 1954 831 prayer before their Maker, seeking

Priesthood and the Church of Jesus Christ knowledge of the higher priesthood which John the Baptist promised

The Necessity of Priesthood Jesus Christ can be organized. Any them that they would receive. AcFirst—Necessity of Priesthood in organizationpriesthood wouldnot be possessingmanmade thatand pearedcordingly,andPeter,conferredJames,uponand themJohn apthe

Christ's Church: not approved nor sanctioned by the Holy Melchizedek Priesthood. The

Father and the Son. Thus such a place of the restoration was between

Under the true gospel plan, the church. would not be theirs. Harmony, Pennsylvania, and Colesvital thing in church organizaville, New York, near the Susquetion is priesthood. It is absoRestoration of the Priesthood hanna River. {Ibid., 128:20.) Unforof the for impossible lutely Church is not exact date the known tunately the Aaronic of First—Restoration the earth to Christ unbe upon Jesus surcircumstances are the main nor Priesthood: the after less Priesthood the Holy priestthis of restoration the rounding First In the Vision Savior the is also. here the Son God Order of of it in the probably but hood, was to the declared that Prophet Joseph for it is possible other hand, theOn Oliver 1829. latter of part June, a great apostasy place; taken had and earth the to be priesthood upon the circumthe that declared Cowdery so the priesthood had been withdrawn here. being Christ's Church without restorathe with stances connected earth. the from Smith Joseph When fact, must priesthood of matter a As Priesthood of Melchizedek the tion Oliver translating and were Cowdery earth to heaven first from brought be record was the but recorded, were of at the Book Harmony, Mormon true the establishing for preparatory

exof the time lost at the evidently across pasPennsylvania, they came Master. of and our LordChurch

their homes of Saints the from pulsion sages dealing with baptism immerby stiputhe divine Church, hisIn lated officers and the number of sion and statements to the effect that in the East.

in the Docrevelations In certain officiated that in holy those who social the vary to meet offices may defithe Lord trine and Covenants, given have must power but ordinance age; of the conditionsneeds and

the Holy Melchizedek Priesthood is them of God. Desiring further light, nitely declares that Joseph Smith and

the foundation of church government these two young men retired to the Oliver Cowdery had received the Holy and all church organization and ofwoods on the banks of the SusqueMelchizedek Priesthood under the fices. They are the products of its hanna River, kneeled down, prayed, hands of Peter, James, and John.

creation, existing for the purposes of and asked God for further knowledge. In August, 1830, the Savior told

carrying out the functions of the While they were thus engaged an the Prophet Joseph Smith that in priesthood and of meeting the needs angel descended from heaven in a some future day he would return to of the times. cloud of light and introduced himself earth and partake of the sacrament

Second—Priesthood and Apostasy: inas theJohn,NewknownTestament.as John Hethe saidBaptisthe ofthe theancientLord's prophetssupper withand manyapostlesof

the apostasy from an Whenever Peter, of direction the acted this under in ages lived former on had who of occurred, hasgospel Christ Jesus apostles Lord's the and John, James, definite a earth; then he made and

vital of that part theprobably most Melchizeof the keys the held who of the of Melreceiving the mention loss of the theapostasy power was been that Priesthood, he had and dek Smith Priesthood chizedek Joseph by act to in the authority speak andand Oliver to confer sent and Joseph upon the hands Oliver under Cowdery and of words, other the In Lord.name holds Priesthood, which the Aaronic quote Peter, of John. and James, To of loss theapostasy denotes the augospel. the of temporal the He keys revelation: of the part valid to thethority before make their heads, his laid upon hands

throne of the Divine Creator the saying: And also with Peter, and James, and

ordinances and doctrines of the gosJohn, whom I have sent unto you, by whom pel. When God ceases to sanction Upon you my fellow servants, in the I have ordained you and confirmed you to

the religious principles and ordinances name of Messiah I confer the Priesthood be apostles, and especial witnesses of my the bear keys ministry and name, of your of Aaron, the keys holds of the whichpractised mortals, he withdraws by

I the things revealed same and of which angels, of of the gospel and (of Priesthood fromthe Holy unto them; of the earth ministeringrepentance, baptism and immersion by

and takes it back unto himself in the for the remission of sins; and this shall Unto whom I have committed the keys

celestial realms. never be taken again from the earth, until of my kingdom, and a dispensation of the

for last gospel the fultimes; for the and of the Levi sons offering do offer again an Third—Priesthood and Restoraof times, I will in gather together which in the righteousness. unto Lord (D. & C. ness

tion: all things, are in one both in heaven, which 13.)

When an apostasy has occurred and which are on earth;and the priesthood has been withSecond—Restoration of the MelAnd also with all those whom my Father

drawn from the earth, it becomes chizedek Priesthood: hath27:1214.)given me out of the world. {Ibid.,

necessary for that divine authority to Shortly after the restoration of the be restored from heaven to earth Aaronic Priesthood, Joseph Smith and Thus, if a Latterday Saint were again before the true Church of Oliver Cowdery again kneeled in asked to name one outstanding qual832 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Priesthood

ity possessed by the Church of Now, what do we hear in the gospel the word "keys,"a key being an inJesus Christ which is not found in any which we have received? A voice of gladstrument designed to unlock or open

other church in the entire world and ness!a voice Aofvoicetruthofoutmercyof thefromearth;heaven;glad andtid- a door. Thus, the keys of the kingwhich gives to this Church the official ings for the dead; a voice of gladness for dom or the keys of the priesthood

stamp of the Eternal Father and the the living and the dead; glad tidings of constitute the power by which the

... joy. great for or unlocked is opened kingdom Savior, the "It posanswer would be,

... archof Michael, voice the the And the keys of the words, men. In other sesses the Priesthood the after Holy angel; Raphael, the of Gabriel, voice and of

Order of the Son of God."Therefore, and of divers angels, from Michael or Adam priesthood constitute the power by

the Church of Jesus Christ is unique, down to the present time, all declaring which the priesthood is made availrights, their their keys, dispensation, in building for the use able of men of their face the only one being on the glory, their their honors, majesty and the kingdom of God and Church and up the operates the earth under which line their priesthood; giving of the power

direction of the Holy Melchizedek upon line, precept upon precept; here a lithere on this earth.

Priesthood. tle, and there a little; giving* us consolaSecond—Keys held by presidenhope! our Third-—Restoration of the Keys of tionconfirming.. by. forholdingit forth that which is to come, cies: is necessary in the ushering in The keys are the directing power,

the Priesthood: of the dispensation of the fulness of times, which directing power is the right

Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery which dispensation is now beginning to of presidency. Each presiding officer

received not only the priesthood but usher in, that a whole and complete and in the priesthood holds the keys of perfect together of disunion, welding and particuwith his go presidency which has received been termed also what pensations, keys, powers, and and and it is lar office in Church; the and as "the keys by the Lord to the glories take place, should be revealed and

priesthood."from the days of Adam even to the present by virtue of the keys which he holds

this, time. things those not only but direct the to is entitled And manthat he

in 3, Kirtland 1836, the On April never the which revealed have been from their use people other in which ner to the Savior Temple, appeared of foundation the but world, been have in which or the manner priesthood, shall kept hid the prudent, wise from and Oliver Smith and Joseph Cowdery.

After Jesus had departed, Moses apthis,be revealedthe dispensationunto babes ofandthe sucklingsfulness inoi theyare delegatedwork in theto himChurch.by theThesepresidentkeys

peared before them and bestowed times. (Ibid., 128:19, 21, 18.) of the Church. In discussing the disupon them the keys of missionary tinction between keys of the priestto in quote, other words, work; Prophet The and Smith Joseph President Joseph and priesthood, hood

the unto us "he... committed all keys Oliver possessed the Cowdery now stated: F. Smith

of the gathering of Israel from the priesthood and keys necessary for the four parts of the earth, and the leadsalvation of both the living and the The priesthood in general is the auing of the ten tribes from the land dead in building the Church and thority given to man to act for God. Every

of the north. After this, Elias apkingdom of God here upon earth man ordained to any degree of the priestpeared and committed the dispensapreparatory for the coming of Christ hood,But hasit isthisnecessaryauthoritythatdelegatedevery actto him.pertion of the gospel of Abraham, saying to reign as Lord of lords and King of formed under this authority shall be done

that in us and our seed all generakings. In referring to the Prophet at the proper time and place, in the proper

tions after us should be blessed."Joseph, the Master declared: way, and after the proper order. The power

(Ibid., 110:1112.) After this vision of directing these labors constitutes the

of their the fullness, priesthood. keys In

I the of keys given For have him the Elijah, ancient closed, the Hebrew keys the are at a held only one person by are mysteries, the revelations which and conferred to prophet, and of them president time, the came prophet the and

I sealed, shall until unto appoint another delegate of portion Church. any He may of work; temple the keys them upon in [church another them members] his this to another, in case that power which to or, them gave in other he words, (Ibid., stead. 28:7.)

of keys person holds the particular that "... to authority the and power labor. Thus, the president of the temple,

turn the heart of the fathers to the Therefore, the keys of the kingdom of the president of a stake, the bishop of a children, and the heart of the children God and the Holy Melchizedek ward, the president of a mission, the presiof a dent holds each the keys of quorum, Priesthood are vested in the president defathers"(Malachi their 4:6), to

labors the in performed particular that of the Church Christ of Jesus of Latof this the keys "Therefore, claring, * locality. or His body priesthood is not

dispensation are committed into your terday Saints, each succeeding presiincreased by his special appointment, for a hands; and by this ye may know that dent having received the same keys seventy who presides over a mission has

priesthood than the no more seventy who and authority which were bestowed of the day the great and dreadful labors his direction; under the presiand upon the head by of Joseph Smith doors."even at the is near, Lord of elders for dent an quorum, example, has

(D. & C. 110:16.) heavenly messengers. no more priesthood than any member of

The Prophet Joseph Smith deMeaning of the Keys of the thatrectingquorum,the officialbut helaborsholdsperformedthe powerin thediscribed the ushering in of the gospel Priesthood mission or the quorum, or in other words, dispensation of the fulness of times, the keys of that division of that work. So

all the ramifications of the keys, its restitution of knowledge, with First—Meaning of the "Keys of the distinction be carefully must itpriesthood—ais throughout doctrine, priesthood, and ordinances, Priesthood"between the general authority, made the and

as follows: There is a symbolism involved in (Concluded on page 847)

NOVEMBER 1954 833 ThePresiding

Presiding Bishopric Announce Change in Ages for Ordination of Teachers and Priests

Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson Bishop Carl W. Buehner

First Counselor Second Counselor

THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC

Presiding Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin

a meeting of the First Presidency ties of the Aaronic Priesthood. We beoften resulted in increased inactivityIn and the Presiding Bishopric, held lieve the change will materially help with the hazard that some probably

August 31, 1954, it was approved that them to be more companionable as became unworthy for advancement worthy young men be ordained teachers quorum members in every way. while "waiting."

at the age of fourteen and priests at the With worthy deacons being ordained age of sixteen. Special Consideration teachers at fourteen instead of fifteen,

Worthy young men will continue to For the FourteenYear-Old as in the past, these and other diffihe ordained deacons at the age of twelve culties with this particular age group and recommended to be ordained elders A careful study conducted over the may be largely overcome.

at nineteen as in the past. past several years has revealed the fact It is a more natural grouping that

This announcement was made on that fourteenyear-old deacons have been fourteen and fifteenyear-olds be in the behalf of the Presiding Bishopric by the most restless, and often the most teachers'quorum rather than fifteen and

Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson, first coundissatisfied, yeargroup in the Aaronic sixteenyear-olds, as in the past.

selor to Presiding Bishop Joseph L. Priesthood. We undertook a study to

Wirthlin, during the bishops'conference determine the reasons. Priests Now Three Years

held in the Salt Lake Tabernacle, We found that many fourteenyear- Under Bishop's Personal Leadership

October 1, 1954. old deacons were not too happy because,

while they honestly felt they were quite Since worthy young men may be orBenefits to Deacons "grown up,"they were still grouped dained priests at sixteen years of age, with much smaller and younger boys it is significant that our priests will now

With a twoyear course for deacons with whom they had so little in comhave three years under the personal di- (ages twelve and thirteen), the newly mon. rection of the bishop as the president

ordained deacon will feel more comThen there was the fact that many of the priests quorum instead of two fortable: He will not be so likely to fourteenyear-old deacons were in high years, as in the past.

feel overshadowed and embarrassed as school while their fellow deacons were While it may appear to bishops that has often been the case when in the still in elementary school. Compatithis is an added responsibility, let them

same quorum with older and larger bility in priesthood work under these consider for a moment that it is an deacons fourteen to fifteen years of age. conditions was a trial to the older boys, added "opportunity."To have the care

It is imperative that deacons be given many of whom felt they had as well of priests sixteen to nineteen is to be every possible consideration to insure slow down in priesthood work until blessed with the singular privilege to their being started properly in the activithey became teachers. This attitude too steady them, counsel them, teach them,

834 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

Bishoprics Page

Quality Ward Teaching Cooperation Essential Among All Leaders

Should Always Be Our Goal Cooperation is an important factor Melchizedek Priesthood quorum and

Sometimes in our efforts to improve for success in almost any social auxiliary organization members should ward teaching records, we lose sight project or program. This is especially be invited to use their collective and

of the value of quality. This phase of true in the program for senior members individual influence with senior memward teaching should not be overlooked. of the Aaronic Priesthood. Where such bers. It is frequently the case that men

auxiliary exists the cooperation among to increase endeavor Any quantity will the committee not on or women the organizations ward and among should be paralleled with an attempt certain group influence with more are in have results wonderful membership, to quality. augment Master The set up advisers themgroup than members

the of quality in field this standard of evidence.

activity and all others when he said, One does not need to be on the selves. They should be invited and

"Be ye therefore perfect, even as your ward committee to encourage a friend or encouraged to use that influence.

Father which is in heaven is perfect."neighbor to attend priesthood meeting, It is part of ward committee responsi-

(Matt. 5:48.) While perfection requires sacrament meeting, or otherwise to parbility to aid the bishopric in making

performance beyond mortal ability we ticipate in church activities. It is, in the ward members aware of the Senior

cannot compromise with ideals or amfine, the responsibility of each church Aaronic Priesthood problem and in the helping out to reach hand member less bitions challenging. of the art developing training in them all to higher endeavor. and encourage is old There that says, proverb an all at meetings atmosphere a friendly salvation depends, One's among own satisfied us never "Let be with anything

visitors inactive or members where may things, well promotes other he on how less If the best that than do."can we

each ward teacher lives up to this rule the kingdom of God. be present.

in the conduct of his teaching, there will be vast improvement in this great program. priests proven have of the primary purposes ward T'wo One of More Challenging Records their the to loyalty Aaronic is to teaching Saints take the Latterday since Priesthood beprogram as they are and teach them to become ing ordained deacons five better by living better. Trivial or oryears ago.

dinary service will not accomplish this John W: McMurray, South

Park Highland HighWard, high objective, neither will it be acceptStake, has not land (Utah) able to the great Creator. He knows missed a priesthood meeting

the individual capacity of each teacher or sacrament meeting in five is years. Scout an Eagle John Let will judge him accordingly. and

assistant scoutmaster. and

of the quality therefore, us, improve S. Jolley, Corvallis Ronald

teaching while maintaining our record Ward, Willamette (Oregon) of quantity. Stake, has earned the individual Aaronic Priesthood

award for five years. Ronald,

that they may become all our Heavenly School,a graduatereceivedof Corvallisthe AmeriHigh

Father trusts bishops to make out of can Chemical Society award, them. was a winner in the Northwest Science Exhibition, and

Immediate Action Necessary andplacedLombsecondNationalin the ScienceBausch

Bishops should proceed at once to awardChemists atforthe Outstandinghigh school hring their Aaronic Priesthood members level. John W. McMurray Ronald S. Jolley

under 21 in line with the new age grouping.

Based on worthiness, young men fourteen years old should be ordained ordaining their sons, the bishopric, as fifteen will be ordained teachers, all teachers, and young men sixteen years the presidency of the Aaronic Priestyoung men sixteen to nineteen will be old should be ordained priests. hood, are to perform all such ordinapriests, and that all young men nineAll of these ordinations should be tions. teen or over will have been recomtaken care of before January 1, 1955 in Priests may be asked to stand with mended to the stake presidency for

order that new deacons'and teachers'those performing the ordinations in ordination to elders.

quorum organizations may be effected order that they may enjoy the experience Stake and ward leaders of Aaronic and quorum roll books for deacons, of assisting. Priesthood under 21 are charged with

teachers, and priests brought upto-date full responsibility for effecting these in line with these new instructions. A Charge to All changes, and completing their roll

Stake and Ward Committees books accordingly, by January 1, 1955.

Bishopric and Worthy Fathers first of the year arrives, it These changes are.of historymaking To Perform Ordinations When the

is hoped that, based on their worthicalibre and we must not fail to comply

As previously announced, unless ness, all hoys twelve and thirteen will with these recommendations immeworthy fathers request the privilege of be deacons, all young men fourteen and diately and without reservation.

NOVEMBER 1954 835 IRIS PARKER EditorToday's

Six SaltRising Bread Recipes

1 teaspoon water, wanted, add 1 cup such unexpected and resentation of the types recipes ofWEreceivewere surprised and gratified to We have tried to bring you a repliquid for one loaf. If more loaves are

1 tablesugar, and salt, 1 tablespoon overwhelming response to our that were submitted, the showing kind request for saltrising bread recipes. of bread the pioneers used to make. spoon butter for each additional loaf.

1 soft adding cup sponge a by Make it will enjoy making Beat to loaf made. flour for be each

each do thank weOvermitted—recipesone hundredusingof thema varietywereofsubin- Weand eatinghope youit. And rise to again the well. sponge Put

gredients and contrasting methods. of you who made a contribution. 120 F. When it is very light addat

We were not aware that there were more flour (2 cups flour for each loaf) so many possible variations of this SaltRising Bread gradually so that the dough can be pioneer bread. (Corn Meal Sponge) kneaded and not stick to the hands.

It was also interesting to note that Knead from ten to fifteen minutes. Put

women from the length and breadth 1 cup milk, scalded and cooled in greased pan. Let rise until two and

of the land were familiar with salt- 1 teaspoon salt onehalf times its original size. Bake in

rising bread. Recipes came from 1 tablespoon sugar hot oven fifteen minutes and then in a

tablespoons 2 more. fortyfive minutes white corn meal moderate oventwentyfour states, as well as from the butter 1 tablespoon Mrs. Dorothea Kent

District of Columbia, Canada, and 3 cups white flour (for one loaf) 1017 Eureka Street

Mexico. Lansing, Michigan

Many comments and suggestions Add the salt, sugar, corn meal, and of a helpful nature were given freely, butter to the milk. Place this in a SaltRising Bread

which might be of benefit to those glass fruit jar or a heavy crockery pitcher (Whole Wheat Sponge) of you who are making this bread and surround it with water about 120 for the first time. Perhaps the most F. Allow to stand seven hours or until Scald earthen pitcher or jar. While

important rule is to keep the "rising"it starts to ferment. If it has "worked"still warm make a batter of 1 cup warm

gas enough, the salt, can be heard as it water, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoonor at sponge a warm, even temperaescapes. This leaven contains flour to enough whole and enough wheat maketure. If for "rising"reason the some

does not rise or ferment, dispose of it and start again. This is the leavening for the bread, so it is important

that it be active. We must warn

you that the bread has a peculiar, disagreeable odor during the process of making it; this does not mean that

it is "spoiled."And if you do have

a failure the first time, don't give up.

Try again.

Saltrising bread is particularly delicious hot out of the oven, toasted, or in that oldfashioned pioneer supper dish, "bread and milk."

Some of the recipes we are includslightly—theing in our selectioningredientshave beenaddedalteredto a

trifle, specific amounts included, or the process given in more detail—but

credit has been given to the original basic recipe. Many of these recipes

were copied from pioneer cookbooks that left much to the imagination or ingenuity of the cook. | Typical earlyday kitchen, from an old print;

836 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the right consistency for griddle cakes.

Place the jar in a container with water moderately hot, but not scalding; cover

and keep temperature even during the process of fermentation until bubbles begin to form and batter rises twothirds to top of jar. This process will

take about five hours.

Sift about two quarts of white flour into pan or mixing bowl with 2 tablespoons sugar and 2 teaspoons salt.

Make an opening in the center and pour in yeast or sponge. Have ready

2 cups scalded milk and 2 tablespoons melted shortening that have been cooled to milk warm. Add to the batter and See Mary Kay and

stir or work in just enough of the flour JohnnySteel Houron theeveryU. S.

to make a soft sponge. Cover and keep Other Tuesday night

warm and let rise one hour. Knead ABCTV

if loaves,into necessary, adding flour, consistency. Placefor proper in greased Vthese black beauties are easy on my hands!

molds and let rise until light. Bake in Boyco's special finish on the Black Beauty handles makes them so easy

moderate oven (about 350 F.) one to grasp for a noslip, notwist grip. They're really durable with rugged

grainhardening exclusive process prevents construction. Because Boyco'shour. turn out done of molds When

in the rain!'left outdoors tools are splintering, even when escape. hot steamand let Cool, wrap,

and store for use.

Mrs. Marie P. Larson

Box 266 Elsinore, Utah

SaltRising Bread (Whole Wheat Rising with Ginger)

2 cups fresh warm milk J/4 teaspoon soda 1 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon ginger cultivating our garden is a breeze

Its is this Cultivator. sharp, clawshaped with fork Black Beauty Boyco

1 tablespoon sugar steel for extra rolled of high carbon durafrom one piece strength and

V/2 cups whole wheat flour bility. Takes the work out of cultivating too, because the handle is especially balanced to take the work load from your hands and back'.'

For the rising, combine the above ingredients in a jar and shake well. Remove the lid and place the jar in a

crock (earthen, if you have one) or some other vessel which will hold the heat.

Fill with warm waterwarmer than just blood warm. Wrap the container

with a clean piece of blanket or something that will hold the heat and set to rise till morning. By morning it

should be light and bubbling. Warm 8

cups of white flour and place in a bowl.

Add Y2 cup lard or vegetable shortening, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 tablespoons sugar flour into the and work with to in! dig ready KTmhands. of Add water 3 cups warm Spade Black Beauty the top of the blade and is sharp—to Because my Boyco

rising and mix into the flour mixture is rolled for extra strength right where my foot bears down when digging.

and mix up as you would other bread, Here's a tip for better tool care... fill a Boyco bucket with sand and used

adding a little more flour if necessary, oik After gardening, dig your tools in the oilsoaked sand... and wipe. This

but do not make the dough too stiff. cleans and protects your garden tools from rust. Make Gardeningfun—

Work it as lightly as possible. Set to get a complete set of Boyco Black Beauties at your neighborhood Nursery,

rise and when double in bulk mold into Hardware or Department Store!'

loaves and let rise until double in bulk again. Bake 45 minutes in a 375 F. UNITED STATES STEEL PRODUCTS

oven. Makes 4 loaves. DIVISION

UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION

Emily E. Adair 5100 Santa Fe Ave., Los Angeles, Calif. 1849 Oak St., Alameda, Calif. Orderville, Utah m

{Continued on following page) NOVEMBER 1954 837.

SaltRising Bread FIRST IN THE Fl ELD OF I A'II (Continued from preceding page) WW

SaltRising Bread (Using Raw Potatoes) To create a worshipful, inspiring full 2 mediumsized potatoes, sliced thin organ ensemble electronically requires 22 tablespoonstablespoons sugarcorn meal all of the following.. l/4 teaspoon soda

2 cups boiling water GYROPHONIC PROJECTOR* instead of ordinary loud speakers Mix the above ingredients together

HIGH FIDELITY AMPLIFICATION and let stand overnight. The next

RESONATOR TONE CIRCUITS morning scald 1 quart of milk. ComPIPE ORGAN VOICING TECHNIQUES bine with 1 cup of the rising liquid, 2

tablespoons sugar, y4 teaspoon soda,

T H E "ALLEN"I S T H E and flour enough to make soft batter.

ONLY ELECTRONIC ORGAN Let rise to double its size. Then add

shortenlard or vegetable melted THESE OFFERING FEATURES l/2 cup 1 salt, 1 tablespoon tablespoon For free information and literature write—*U.S. Patent 2,491,674 ApprovedChurch ing,

Price sugar, and enough flour to knead.

$1660 into for minutes. twenty Make up Knead CO. and DUNKLEY MUSIC

its size. let rise SALT LAKE CITY OGDEN loaves to double PROVO LOGAN and

Phone 4-3444 Phone 5-9703 Phone 630 Phone 3757 Bake fifty minutes in a 350 F. oven.

This makes four loaves.

In preparing the rising liquid, slice

size. Sprinkle the corn meal,cA CENTURY OF potatoesonequartin a wide mouth sealing jar,

etc. over them, and pour boiling water

over. Let stand in a warm place until

foam rises to top of jar and then it is ready to make up. The jar can be setl0a&\ in warm water until it rises. Do not

Write for information make bread up until the foam rises.

on type of organ The bread will not rise if you do.

in which you are interested. Mrs. Dessie Hall

Webster Springs, He's a magnificent Irish Setter—an outWest Virginia

standing performer in the field. But, like

any dog, he can cause trouble. A resentful snarl or bite is all. Ask your Kolob

his to Comprehensive show you Whole Wheat SaltRising Bread

It Liability Policy. PIPE ORGANS AgentPersonal protects you

this also covers contingency your and let/ REED ORGANS from activities of personal your To 1 pint of boiled water, cooled to those home, and family. The cost is amazingly small. Call tepid or 98, add 1 level teaspoon sugar,

T Q3-U-J- him today. y2 teaspoon salt, and y4 teaspoon soda.

ESTEY ORGAN CORP., BRATTLEBORO,VT. Then stir into this mixture enough

Over 300 Kolob Agents fine whole wheat flour (or shorts or serving Utah, Idaho, Monmiddlings that oldtime cooks used) to this thick batter. a Set medium make PIKES PEAR strongtana andStockNevadaCompanies.backed by batter to place rise uncovered in warm

it light. is frothy and Lloyd's Facilities—until FLOUR—Complete In a put mixing 4 cups whole bowl

With FOUR wheat flour, 2 teaspoons salt, and 2

Extra Baking tablespoons sugar. To the rising, add

Advantages 2 cups warm water and stir this mixture into the flour, making a sponge. Set

SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS it to rise, and when it has risen almost 425 West 5th South Frank Salisbury, Pres. to the top of the bowl, add 3 tablespoons

Salt Lake City, Utah 330 Judge Bldg. Salt Lake City, Utah shortening and enough flour to make a

dough stiff enough to mold into loaves (3 or 4 cups). Shape into two loaves

and place in loaf pans. Set in a warm

it rise THIS! to place DON'T MISS is almost and when

they too, are glad wrote for our OFFER. You

in 375 at bulk, double F. for bake DRINK Manyif qualified, to can your $6,000.00 $8,000.00 make

first year. Preference seeking given those with work

Christian for also emphasis. part Openings

employment. ficqo A delightful time 45 minutes. Write today. State experience and full particulars.

hot beverage for those "Opportunity Plus"booklet FREE. Mrs. Caddie Saville Telford

drink coffee. don't who Colonia Juarez CO., INC. RUDIN JOHN & GROCERS Mexico AT 1018 YOUR Dept. Chicago 5, III. Chihuahua, S. Wabash C42

838 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SaltRising Bread (Corn MealEgg Rising)

Put two eggs in a pint container and beat until light. Add two rounded

tablespoons corn meal and two level tablespoons sugar and beat again. Fill

container about threefourths full with boiling water and stir well. Set in pan

of warm water, cover, and place in a warm place until morning. If it hasn't

risen by morning heat the water around it, add about onethird cup of warm milk, a tablespoon of flour, and stir.

It should rise immediately.

To two cups lukewarm milk and two cups of warm water, add enough flour to make a stiff batter, about six cups.

Stir into this the rising mixture, to which you have added one tablespoon Entered first cooking contest 20 years ago salt. Set in a warm place and let rise.

When light and bubbly, add more Wins Top Cooking Award at State Grange flour and knead to smooth dough. Make

into loaves. Brush with butter and let Her husband and grandchildren mann's Active Dry Yeast... and

rise again. Bake in moderate oven. look pleased about these prize ribwith good reason! This dry yeast is

bons Mrs. Clarence Jones won for so convenient—keeps for months on

Mrs. Pearl K. Gerson her cooking skill. She has won a total your cupboard shelf. It's always fast

106 Parker Avenue of 100 ribbons—the latest last year rising, easy to use. And you can

Centerville, Tennessee at the Wyoming State Grange. buy it in handy 3-package strips.

Mrs. Jones of Ft. Laramie, enjoys "Thrifty Three's"are more ecomaking yeastraised specialties for nomical, easier to store. When you

her grandchildren... and always bake at home, use Fleischmann's

HANDY HINTS uses"It Fleischmann'sActiveDrygives me grand results,"Yeast.she ActiveYeast. Dry FIF.ISCHMANNS FLEISCHMANN'S

Payment for Handy Hints used will be says. "And it's so easy to use."Get the New '"'wast

one dollar upon publication. In the event So many top cooks praise Fleisch- "Thrifty Three"

that two with the same idea are submitted, the one postmarked earlier will receive the iiiiimiimi minimi ijiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiimiimiiiimiin:i

dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

but each will receive careful consideration. HONEYCOMB SPIRALS

these books—Feathers can be stuffed into a pillow PORE BEESWAX CANDLES Own

quickly and neatly with the help of a!vacuum cleaner. Substitute the tick for Give them as giftsi

the cleaner bag, dump the feathers on a paper, and draw them in.—Mrs. M. M., Is your

].Caldwell, N.

ORA PATE STEWART When sewing, hang a paper bag on the side of the machine for scraps of material library complete?

and thread. It saves time spent in gathering

up waste material. Mrs. R. E. L., Jane, "WE BELIEVE"(Simplified Articles of Faith) $1.00Missouri.

EI "GOD PLANTED A TREE"$1.00

To prevent crumbs from falling off steaks (The Israelitish family) and chops in frying pan, bread them several "A LETTER TO MY SON"$1.00

—Mrs.hours beforeC. S., usingMesick,andMich.place in refrigerator. Q "BRANCHES(ForOVEReveryoneTHE overWALL"twelve) $1.00

(Book of Mormon) There is no need to baste rickrack or Burn Longer—Dripless—Won't Bend D "TREASURES UNEARTHED"$1.00

braid material. Use Scotch tape to hold Hand rolled spirals of beeswax, available (Little known facts about the Book of Mormon)

it $2.00 ABOUT place. in right MY CHILDREN"the through tape Sew in red, yellow, green, blue or black trim—"I TALK

of the little Stewarts) wisdom (Wit and is finit off after pull stitching thenand in gift boxes.

ished.—Mrs. C. S. Mesick, Mich. $1.00 per pair "PAGES(A wholesome,FROM THE BOOKwhole OFfamilyEVE"book) $2.50

$2.50 "GLEANINGS"the of antique appearance To knotty MILLER'S HONEY COMPANY and, philosophy) (Poems firstpine surface the woodwork, sponge

Miller Drive, Laurel at P. 0. Box 504,

$2.50 TURNING"solution of fairly strong awith "BROWN LEAVES ammonia

or soda. Then apply two thin coats of COLTON, CALIFORNIA ("Hands,"and other poems)

fresh white shellac. Mrs. R. S. B., i 1

Cheyenne, Wyo. HEADQUARTERS FOR L.D.S. f Ora Pate Stewart, Kaysville, Lit.

To prevent having mending tape come 4 IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA k Please send copies checked above.

off after a washing, stitch it down with a YE KINGS REST MOTEL Name of stitching close to single machine row 526 5TH STREET SOUTH save over oldfashioned edge. timethe You B. Dr. Foutz, Harold Owner Address

will get yet a patch that Edgar H. youmending, Foutz, Manager

Mattresses Beautyrest Throughout Amount Enclosed $ ]. C. O., stick.- Mrs. Bozeman, Montana.

NOVEMBER 1954 839

HOME INCENTIVES TO

Good Old By AnnieSCHOOLLaurieLEARNINGVon Tungeln

lVTow that the new school year has Family Tradition * begun in earnest, pupils, parents, and teachers are thinking in terms of learning, though for that matter, learning is, or should be, an evercontinuing process, regardless of "SSfiS&i whether school keeps or not.

;:}>, Let us consider some of the important incentives to learning. We

I should, of course, recognize at the beginning that many valuable learning situations take place outside the school and have nothing to do with books. Indeed, some of the most important learning goes on in the home

before the child enters school and continues far beyond classroom experiences. But let us think here

about the incentives to learning in its more formal sense, that is, learning that takes place at school.

Many conscientious parents feel that the best incentive they can provide to this learning process comes through helping the child in the evening to prepare his school assignments for the following day, or if he has no "home work,"by teachThis large 8-ounce jar of Instant Postum makes up to 100 cups! ing him facts directly connected with

the lesson. But such is not the case.

After a strenuous day at school, unInstant Postum contains upsetdue urginghim emotionallyat home may thatso fatiguehe canor not do his best. Moreover, it is

possible that parents forgotten have no caffein or* other drug since school days, some facts their own and may, therefore, unwittingly misHave you tried Instant Postum with your meals? inform him. Then, too, methods

the teacher wishes Postum has such a fine mellow flavor that offers all the warmth change—perhaps

and satisfaction you want from a good hot drink. And it contains the child to do the assigned work in a

no caffein—no stimulants of any kind! certain way.

This does not mean that the parent

It takes so little time to prepare Instant Postum. Fix it right in cannot help a child with his school

the cup, adding hot water or hot milk. With milk, it's specially work, for he can do wonders indirectgood for the children. ly. Let us suppose, for example, that

is eager to help his child Yet, Instant Postum is priced so low—less than a penny a cup! a parent

Why not start the Postum tradition in your family—soon. Another become a better reader-—and what

wonderful product of General Foods. skill could be more important to his

happiness and welfare? It is not

wise to read and reread the lesson assignment for the following day, a process which may quickly cause him to lose interest and enthusiasm for Instant Posfum it. It is, on the other hand, helpful

No caffein to supplement the reading experiences of the classroom with material of another type. By all means go with

840 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

him to the public library. Help him Basically, the greatest incentive to

select books which suit his special learning which a child can possibly needs and interests and which are have is a home life in which study STARCHINGwithin his reading ability. Then if is clearly a pleasure. If he observes

he needs a bit of help in reading that folk about him—particularly

them, don't hesitate to give it. You those whom he admires, as his parcan also assist him with directions ents and older children in the famfor playing games, making a variety ily—receive pleasure from the printed

of things, such as model airplanes, page, he is very apt to seek and find taking part in contests, and in reading such enjoyment himself. When

the letters and cards he probably books are treated as treasures, he soon receives from doting grandparents, learns to respect them.

uncles, and aunts. He's almost cerSurrounding a child with matetain, too, to want to read the comic rials for learning at home is a

strips in newspapers, a form of enmarvelous boost to his acquiring tertainment which is good to a limited knowledge at school. If at all posdegree, provided they do not presible, provide him with a dictionary

sent too many ideas beyond his and a good reference work. It is

maturity. Your assistance in reading helpful, too, for him to have a globe

them gives him a boost which he or atlas and at least one good juvenile really welcomes! magazine. Children who are surReading aloud to a child is a great rounded by wholesome books soonincentive to learning, true even after learn to take them for granted, as XMODEM2mf

he has begun reading for himself. Unone of the "pleasant necessities"of ImmdnM STARCH

til he has mastered the technique fairlife.

ly well, his interests are far ahead of The father of my threeyear old Use it HOT or COLD his reading vocabulary, and he is niece suggested taking her for a at about %c per quart eager to become acquainted with Shetland pony ride. Although PenEnjoy Easy, Beautiful Ironing

many things which he cannot read ney had lived on a farm and knew Get QUICK ELASTIC today!

for himself. Let his spirit and quite well what is meant by a pony

imagination rise on the magic wings ride, when her father said "Ready,"If you prefer a liquid starch, of good books when you read to she asked, "Shall I take a book?"She buy QUICK ELASTIC LIQUID

him! had become so accustomed to carryclimate""emotional The picture her of the ing Goose and Mother DECORATIVE

is importance. of the utmosthome she that she wherever books went MATERIALS to contributeIn order the maximum couldn't conceive of going any place for parprocesses, child's learning to the without them. SHOWS ROAD * and ents should be welladjusted & GREEN BALLS GOLD * surroundings physical A child's

fact that DANCES merewellinformed. WARD * The to learning. conducive also be should BANQUETS * listen, thoughtobserve read, andyou of his least at nook some needs He Special Advice Helpful

fully, the haptrying with to keep up inwithout can he work where Free own At openminded in anpenings of the day it takes the form terruption, whether MODERN DISPLAY is wayand unprejudiced or tinkering, a tremendous of reading, mechanical SERVICE asset to the child's eager learning. studying biological specimens. It is 122 Social Hall Ave. Salt Lake City, Utah

important, too, to see that he has adePhone 5-3101 person's physical A young surroundings quate time in which to accomplish to learning. should be conducive

assigned tasks. He shouldn't be allowed to form the habit of dawdling, American Seating Company

but on the other hand, a child's sense Church Furniture for every need of time is not the same as that of an Pulpitterns availableand communionfor earlysets,delivery.fonts andAlsolecadult and he should not be hurried chancel furniture, carvings, Bod iform Pews

into a state of nervous tension. auditoriumand Sundayschoolchairs, furniture.folding chairs, tables

Field trips and short excursions on Write Department 169 which his parents accompany a child AMERICAN SEATING COMPANY often arouse interest in what to him 901 Broadway, N. W., Grand Rapids 2, Mich.

is a new world and are, therefore, a wonderful impetus to learning. Indeed, the simple act of going for a IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS

walk may stimulate curiosity if the Aids in treatment of Canker, simple adult observes thoughtfully and apsore throat and other minor mouth preciatively and can convey his and throat irritations.

pleasure to his young companion.

Whether it is a stroll along a country HALLS REMEDY road or a walk on a city street, the Salt Lake City, Utah

Monkmeyer Photo (Concluded on following page) 04Hll()-Mtl-{)'-()-aUall-MOL'H

NOVEMBER 1954 841.

This HOME INCENTIVES TO SCHOOL LEARNING

Winter {Concluded from preceding page) learning which adults can give a child

Visit.. adult can point out, or even better, is a feeling of success or accomplishlead a child to discover for himself, ment. It is said that no child, no

a wealth of enjoyable sights and matter how poor his equipment for sounds which will advance his desire doing certain tasks, is ever born with to learn. a sense of failure. The feeling of

It goes without saying that physical failure, which can be so devastating health is a great asset to the learning to his progress, comes as a result process. Parents can do much toward of faultfinding or ridicule. Children

promoting good health by seeing that need encouragement. If a youngster

a child eats wholesome food, keeps is to work up to'the maximum of his regular hours, and has adequate rest abilities, he merits sincere praise for and sleep. his achievements, provided that he

Perhaps the greatest incentive to has done his best.

The Sunny MEDITERRANEAN Make plans now (and we'll help you) for that wonderful trip you've always dreamed of. We

offer complete local and world travel—arrangeinformation on THE THANKSGIVING FAVORITE

itineraries, reserve space, hotel accomodations, etc. This service costs you no more! Call Thanksgiving Day wouldn't be turkeys is the new "tucked"turkey.

5-6552 or 5-5924 now. complete without the timehonored This new style of bird is, of course,

roast turkey as part of its tradicompletely cleaned and ready to stuff, tion. The elegant, meaty turkey of but the real news is that now there's UNIVERSAL 1954, however, is a far cry from the no need for darning needle and

wild forest birds of the 1620's. Modern thread or skewers to shape or truss Jravel Oeruice

Temple Square Hotel - Salt Lake City methods of growing, feeding, and of the bird. Now the drumsticks are

processing, packaging, and distributtucked through a slit cut in the loose ing have made today's turkey a triskin below the tip of the breastbone,

Gospel umphmaker. of convenience for the homeagainstand thusthe thebodylegsandareoverheldthe firmlybody

The latest improvement in branded cavity.

Ideals'—Photograph by Kaufman & Fabry

Selections from the Discourses of

David O. McKay

$4.00 at al1 bookdealers

ORGAN—PIANO FOR SALE

Chapel size Connsonata model 2C2 organ—used only few hours—30% discount. MasonHamlin grand piano absolutely like new - REAL BARGAIN. Write

1369 MILITARY WAY The drumsticks are tucked through a slit cut in the loose skin below the tip of the

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH breastbone, and the legs are held firmly against the body.

842 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HOW I REACHED MY INSPIRATION POINT Enjoy this different

By Evelyn Witter DELICIOUS BREAD the lecture by the locally Rich in milkAfter prominent portrait painter, Mrs.

Everybody knows that milk Schrapel, I felt depressed. I

hadn't received the "lift"from her and bread are two of the talk I had expected. I thought what most nourishing foods.

she said didn't apply to me, and I In Table Queen Bread wanted it to. you get both—because

Mrs. Schrapel said: "There is a each pound contains

human need for creativeness. Each the nonfat milk solids

one of us needs inspiration, the inof 7 ounces of milk. Enriched

dustry such inspiration prompts, and It's your best food buy with vitamins finally the realization of accomplishment."... at your grocer's. and iron

I went directly to my car. As I

turned on the ignition I felt the need of talking aloud. "What can I creTABLE QUEEN BREAD

ate?"I asked myself as the car sped Royal Baking Co. Salt Lake and Ogden

homeward. "I can't even turn out

a pot holder that I would be proud to give anyone. Am I really, then, a

thwarted individual? Am I missing

an important part of living?"

into I hustled Back home ffrtios of tine getting, supper homework the rouCAN'T BE checking, and children's bedtime preparations. But I didn't go about BEAT FOE. A TRULY KRI5P

my chores with the usual feeling of wellbeing. The cloud of dissatisfaction hung around me still. Mrs. LUNCW Golden Chips of Corn Schrapel's words continued to trouble

me. I disliked the idea of being cheated out of a slice of life. I,- too,. BOX

wanted to know the satisfaction of ffritos inspiration and creation she had TREAT/ talked about.

That night, as I listened to the children's prayers, I said a little prayer GOLDEN CHIPS OF CORN of my own. "Father,"I said, "show

me the way."

My husband came in then to help tuck the children in and get their goodnight kisses. DIAGRAMS

"You've done a wonderful job,"he Illustrating Latter - day Saint told me as he turned out the light. principles with complete scrip-

"They're swell kids."tural references and condensed

"You've done your share,"I resummaries of Church doctrines. Direct Prices &

minded him. Extremely helpful for teachers, Discounts to

"I know I'll go on doing my share,"students, and all Church memChurches, Schools, he said. "We all find inspiration for bers. and all Institutions

parenthood in His word, don't we?"Author, A. P. Merrill

As I prepared to answer my husPRICE—$1.00 EACH

question, the cloud band's that had TRUCKS storingMONROE For Available at all eclipsed good judgment Chairstruck day easy, wayTables my EachandConstrue modemFoldingtables handlesthe storage chairs.permits of No. lift. TSCor to Storage Transport began Truckeitherspace. tionin limited TS No. Truck BOOK COMPANY I to said. their inquiries the inDESERET find Units may direct Church "Of course!""We

spiration in His word. We get the 44 East South Temple ChurchSouth Temple,PurchasingSalt LakeDepartment,City 1, Utah.47 East

ability to create strength and good Salt Lake City 10, Utah 249THECHURCHnMcWAOCSTREET, COMPANYCOLFAX. (Concluded following page) on

NOVEMBER 1954 843 HOW I REACHED MY INSPIRATION POINT

K ITCHEn CHARITI (Concluded from preceding page) spiration prompts, and finally the of accomplishment."lives constant application of realization by our WAXED PAPER I were creating more and Why, Bill principles."Christian

of a bit a portrait, than than more KEEPS FOOD I thought again of Mrs. Schrapel's handicraft! creating the were We

FRESHER LONGER! words: "There is a human need for most important thing in the world.

creativeness. Each one of us needs Through divine inspiration we were

inspiration, the industry such increating a Christian home!

by Moana B. Bennett

OF THE Y W M I A GENERAL BOARD

I were in my teens again, I and it would make me proud of my

I would sharpen heritage. I would know that to be POPULAR WITH MILLIONS If would learn and

OF HOUSEWIVES... my senses. too shy and too much afraid of the

is to be selfishly concernedAT ALL LEADING GROCERS I would strive to see the beauty in world the world about me: the startling with myself. I would try to be more

black etching of a bare tree against concerned with the other fellow's the bleak, slate winter sky; the comfort and because I was sincerely OFFER... WE dramatic setting of the day's sun; the concerned with helping him, my own A COMPLETE

ENGRAVING SERVICE security of the fields of ripe, golden problems would be fewer.

From Missionary Portraits to the Largest grain; the rugged strength of the I would pay attention to fashion

Catalogues.

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention mighty mountains; the endless eterso that I could have confidence in my

nity of the starfilled sky; and the dress and I would be aware of manCO. UTAH ENGRAVING

St. 113 Regent Salt Lake City, Utah quiet hush of the evening hour. ners so that I could automatically do

I would learn to hear the rippling the polite thing.

of the mountain brook; the soft whisThen I would learn to forget all

per of the spring breeze; the deep, about these things because my growTASTES BETTER faraway rumble of the thunder; the ing up could not be smooth until

When you stuff it with soft beat of the rain; and the song standing straight, moving gracefully,

of the robin. dressing neatly and fashionably, act-

I would try to make my growing ing politely, and being unafraid and

ALL PURPOSE up smoother. I would be aware that unselfish all came naturally and

READYTO-USE DRESSING as I grew taller I would need to try automatically.

hard to stand up straight; and to And then I would learn to watch

(MARI/WUSJ|yMlei)/lNg) walk, sit, and dance gracefully. and appreciate: the thrilling run on

ALWAYS?: POPS r I would try to make myself pleas- a football field, the classy ballCRISP - TENDER - TASTY ing to look at. I would realize that handling on the basketball floor, the

the glow of youth shows through moving acting on the stage, the close &:

choir, I the of the a cappella clean harmony am spotlessly brainy of the astute observations brushed, and combed, tihe betterand mywhenhair is and neat. I would know that my classmate, the careful explanation of

Unbreakable... moulded eyes sparkle with rest and my cheeks a considerate teacher, and the thouglass. Lightto look like J

free. Ecoglow when I breathe deeply and eat sand and one things that go on in a noise j weight,

nomical. Standard height. well. day.

dealer. your from OrderRBMl that learn than But more poise. I would learn I would about I would SB 167 OFFER SPECIAL

$1.25 pass, to pitch do: a a worth to to throw that an individual I am trial $1.00 lot of know for Doz. Mail

one dozen sent postpaid. just as much in the sight of our heavbasket, to bat a baseball, to read the

BRASS GDODS'CO. 55 Sudbury St., Boston 14, Mass. enly Father as any other individual, classics, to sing new notes, to paint

844 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA pictures, to write stories, to do all of the things that will teach me to achieve.

I would investigate the new and the unknown and bring what I found

it light tointo and weigh the evalu- / I previously all thatate it against had known to be true.

I would experiment with chemicals and with formulas to find out what makes things go. Here's milk so good

And I would learn to learn, for the world is full of a vast number of H thousands prefer it things and my horizons need pushing \\) to any other back.up and

I would learn to discriminate beform of milk tween supposition and fact, error and or cream.

truth, theory and observation, half truth and full knowledge, knowledge and faith and revelation.

I would learn that what seems to be so today may not be proved to be so in future observation and understanding. I would learn that the Try it today! That.good

theories of men have helped to discover much truth. I would learn

that the revelations of God make known truths which are the sametoday, tomorrow, and forever. MORNING

I would learn to be free of ignorance. I would learn to be free ofbigotry. I would learn to be free of MILK

sin.

I would learn to control my extravagances. I would learn to control my body so that it could better

serve me. f0M CHG6

I would learn to believe in the challenge of conquering the unknown, in the goodness of my fellow men, in the joy of service, in the existence of

God and a plan for life.

I would know truth—the truth

that men have diligently sought and found; the truth that God has re-:-vealed to man—for truth shall make W6.-Z

me free.

Yes, if I were in my teens again I would learn, all this and more, for learning is the challenge of mortal life, and learning is the challenge of the eternities yet unborn. Wwkm tieMd

MY FRIEND ROLLED WHEAT FLAKES CHIPPED WHOLE WHEAT

By Mildred Goff Hem's a new type of hot Teresa health -packed *,#p&t cereal... like oatmeal flakes breakfast cereal ConThe little imperfections of my friend, -only tnade from ivbeat. taining all the Vitamins

His inconsistency, his prejudice, Fiokcs three times larger and minerals of the

I might deplore more deeply than I i than oatmeal awd wtba whole Wheat kerwel...

do Were I not always so aware of this: I flavor that mil to Keep you m the C

My own mistakes are many; contickle you?I8K?INK of dea/fh.

stantly My friend must overlook so much in me. Try ALL-0 -WHEAT once-- I - - - you'll buy it everytime!

NOVEMBER 1954 845 The Church Moves On

(Concluded from page 781) ful Fourth 8, Syracuse 6; Downey Second 7, Cannon Fourth 1; Ontario 6.

Provo Thirteenth 5; Holladay Second

13, Brigham Fourth 12.

Consolation bracket: Spanish Fork

Third 11, Kimball 3; Salt Lake Thirtyespecially for your fourthnix Seventh11, Riverside3; Jerome8;8,PiocheSan Leandro4, Phoe-1.

17 tournament:Scores in the allChurch softball

Championship bracket: Ogden Thirtyfourth 4, Providence First 2; Haven 7,

Plain City 4.

Third round losers'bracket: Ontario 5, $Mdm Bountiful Fourth 2; Spanish Fork Third

3. menus 12, Salt Lake Thirtyfourth

Second round losers'bracket: Pocatello

china *?:'Tenth 3, San Antonio 0; Mesa Sixth 3,

Wellsville First 0. prices Consolation Bracket: Downey Second 2, Holladay Second 1; Pioche 7,

PERFECT FOR FAMILY DINNER Jerome1 o It Secondwas 4.announced that Mrs.

* "Johanna Viklund Sharborg had been appointed to the general board of COFFEE the Primary Association.

Final games in the allChurch softSHOP ball tournament brought these results: Hotel Utah (first Thirtyfourth 3, Haven Ogden

Max Carpenter, Manager First 6, Plain Providence and second);

See Uncle Roscoe's Playtime Party - KSLTV, 4:15 p.m. City 2 (third and seventh); Pocatello

Tenth 2, Mesa Sixth (fourth and eighth); Ontario 6; Downey Second 5

(fifth and ninth); Pioche 4; Spanish

Fork Third 1 (sixth and tenth).

Jay Willardson, who pitched six games in five days, was named the outstanding player of the tournament. These

men were named to the all star team:

Lynn Sphuler of Providence First; Glen

Cherry of Ogden Thirtyfourth; Bill

Fessler of Ogden Thirtyfourth; Ray

Taylor of Haven; Dick Williams of

Ogden Thirtyfourth; Blair Simpson of

Plain City; Bill Sidwell of Holladay

Second; Gordon Sprague of Pioche;

Kenny Kemp of Pocatello Tenth; Floyd

Stapley of Mesa Sixth.

These Times

(Concluded from page 774) Chinese alliance! (5) Meanwhile

France, geared to Britain by an alliance of 1947, and NATO, could be strong enough on Germany's border to give any resurgent German government pause. The foregoing seems to represent the British view of things. The

new balance of power to ease the world tension desired by them may result.

The dynamic new factor to watch is the West German Republic. A new,

potential giant is stirring again in

Europe. Russia is watching; all may

afford to watch.

846 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Melchizedek Priesthood

(Concluded from page 833) directing authority of the labors performed by that authority. (Joseph F. Smith, Gospel

Doctrine, pp. 168169.)

Offices and Callings in the The NEW

Melchizedek Priesthood FOLDING DOOR SENSATION! First—Elders, Seventies, and High

Priests: LUXURY LIVING AT

The Melchizedek Priesthood, possessing the power to officiate in all ECONOMY PRICE!

spiritual matters, is divided into three Fabric covered folddivisions, namely, elders, seventies, ing door—available

and high priests. The duties, responin three colors—

sibilities, and callings of each of these save space and shall be discussed in later articles. money! For the first

Second—Offices in the Priesthood': time at this low, low

There are certain offices in the price!

Melchizedek Priesthood such as aposWrite now for tles, patriarchs, presidencies of Meldetails!

chizedek Priesthood quorums, and bishoprics, which Melchizedek Priesthood holders are appointed to fill.

These appointments are made LAUREN BURT through the directive power of him INCORPORATED who stands at the head of the Church and kingdom, namely, the president. 557 South 3rd West

Salt Lake City, Utah Third—The President of the MelPhone 5-7441

chizedek Priesthood:

The man who is appointed to preside the over Priesthood Melchizedek as president all to direct afand the NEW WAY TO CORRECT fairs of the Church Christ of Jesusholds "the keys of the priesthood."LOSSHe is designated by the Lord as the HEARING

"Prophet, Seer, Revelator, and President"of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, and the only no cord on the body one to receive revelations for the no cord on the neck guidance of the entire Church. (See Enjoy Maico's remarkable new kind of hearing, made

Ibid., 28:1-16; 43:1-7; 132:7; 81:2.) possible by this new kind of wearing. You hear sound

more naturally, you know where sound is coming from.

You enjoy a completely new clarity of sound.

Maico's completely new way of hearing.America—A Place Prepared OICO Write for further information on

{Concluded from page 813) IVIaiCO Dept. 56C, 21 North 3rd St., Minneapolis, Minnesota!

churches, holding that there was nothName I ing to do but await the reestablish-

Address State Iment of the true church by some di- J 9vine inspiration."

The Lord did more than inspire—SEND PHDTD GREETING

he revealed to a young man in New CARDS THIS CHRISTMAS

Made state ofYork the gospel Christ Jesus your own 20 or more negative it.as the Apostles of old from 5/ EACH had known

With the establishment of truth came FREE SAMPLE the keys to for the departed do work UNITED PHOTO

OGDEN, UTAH BOX 351 spirits. America's righteous spirits Beautiful Calfskin Wallet with exclusive

saddle, brown, women. $5.00 COME TO SUNNY MESAwere not to be forgotten for the part templered and design—9x3|/4"—ingreen for men or

they played in helping to prepare a order.postpaidAlsoanywhereavailable ifin cashkits youaccompaniesassemble, For all Mesa Real Estate Information,

place for the restoration of the gospel S3. 00. Money returnable in 5 days. write...

A GIFT WITH CHARACTER R. Veldon Naylorof Jesus Christ.

BENSON'S LEATHERCRAFT Naylor Realty

Sweet, Religion in "William Colonial 2343 Warren So. Redwood Mesa, Arizona—Scribner's York: CharlesAmerica Sons, (New 1942), SALT LAKE CITY, UTAHRd. 165 E. Main 4-7383 128. p. WO

NOVEMBER 1954 847 Saudi, Arabia Dear Editors:

'I *His letter is just to show part of the appreciation I have for -1- The Improvement Era.

This magazine was sent to me by my parents at home. I received my March issue a month ago. I thought I had missed the

January and -February issue, but they arrived today.

This is the only communication I have with the Church, and you can believe me I surelyenjoy reading this fine Church magazine.

I want to express my thanks to those who make this magazine possible for the members and nonmembers alike.

There is not a church service here which I can attend, on account of this government. I hope that more people are able

to read the Era and take the time to do so because it is a wonderful way to keep in touch with the Lord's work and the teaching of this Church.

I si John D. Cope

Alaska Dear Sirs: civilian to returning greatest life. It has the been with f am of ROSE TYING CEREMONY IN ATLANTA

-* I that pleasure have received the stationed while in Era

States Mission, Southern of the were Atlanta Branch MIA,Alaska. this post, at the only S fellow has and the I am Era L D

participate six girls cerein the privileged in Tying Rose having life stationed void here. whilefilled a deep admiWith in my

ration and appreciation I thank all who have shared the responsimony with their class teacher, Margaret C. Yarn. Class members

bility in furnishing a copy of the Era to me each month. were, left to right: (seated) Martha Jones, Janet Mayo, and Sylvia

Creel, Palmer, Derrick; Marie (standing) Evelyn Margaret C. hi 1st Lt. Daniel M. Wheatley

E. P. Wright. Carver. teacher, Reported by Yarn, and Clara

Ashiya, Japan Editors:Dear

most of the twentyfive months that I have spent on GOLDEN GLEANER IS MOTHER IN ZIONTouring *->/ Kyushu, in the Japanese Islands, I have been privileged to receive The Improvement'Era through the compliments of my elders'quorum at home. Needless to say how much I have enjoyed it.

It has served as study material for many talks as well as given Mrs. Virginia May Brown Allen,

me many happy hours of leisure reading. who has recently received her

I wish to thank you for sending it, and I hope that the purGolden Gleaner award in the Mc poses for which it was intended will continue to be realized. I am Cammon Ward, Portneuf (Idaho)

now returning home. May the bounteous blessings of our Father Stake, is the mother of four chilbe with all of you in your wonderful work. dren. She has been active in the

I si Belmer M. Lawrence Church auxiliary organizations in

3> the Eastern States Mission, in Salt

MIA GROUPS IN OAHU STAKE ACTIVE Lakein Idaho.City, and now in her home

A youth conference in the Oahu (Hawaii) Stake in August featured a swimming meet that, it is hoped, will be presented annually. It also featured a very fine Youth Chorus which sang for

the conference. The chorus consists of 166 Mutual girls—from BeeHive to Gleaner—and is under the leadership of Sister CarolineLake of the stake YW M I A board.

848 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Fashion recipe for a

... your wiaeedgea veil ga

tola ilowera or

PowderPutt ZEE Tissue... April Yellow

Soft, lovely colors ana

Ballet Pink purest wnite...your cnoice

at no extra cost!

Soft White

4 rolls of the color you like in each handy Foam Green FamilyPak

II 00 'tm#

With bowed heads and grateful hearts, living, for freedom of conscience and indiviAmerica now turns its thoughts to founding dual opportunity, for happy families and fathers who dedicated this season of the year hopeful futures; for Faith itself. This is the

as a time of Thanksgiving. Right thankful legacy they left. Will we do as well for those

are we for this glorious land of abundant who follow us?

BENEFICIAL LIFE Insurance Company

David O. McKay, Pres, Salt Lake City - Utah