SPECIAL SUMMER FEATURES

FOR YOU AT BYU WORKSHOPS AND INTENSIVE COURSES Analysis of Inservice Programs

Development of Instructional Methods in Elementary Schools Curriculum and Methods of Homemaking

Education General Science Teachers Geology Summer Field Camp High School Publications Workshop

High Uinta Adventure RjMlpplllBIJteR h HillHomemakingCumorah EducationPageant Workshop niniiirimimiii mrmii gkiniimiminiiminiimipiiH National Camp School fmm fwrum \%wmawA i Organizationof Public andSchoolsAdministration

Seminar in Educational Readings

Special Education of Mentally Retarded

Study Skills Summer Camp Association Supervision of Homemaking Education

Student Teaching Teaching of Bookkeeping and Economics

Teaching of Business Skill Subjects

Clinic Cosmetology AdvancedGain a full summer of study CLINICS for Children Arts and Crafts

Clinic Genealogical

Program Late Summer Extensionwith all the extra advantages Children's Dance Classes

Reading Better and Faster Youth Clinic for Boysat Brigham Young University

Distinguished Faculty—Nationally famous teachers will augment

STUDY WITH GREAT resident faculty. Visiting artists also conduct classes.

Devotionals and Lectures—Church leaders and experts in many

TEACHERS LIKE THESE: fields speak in outstanding BYU assembly programs.

Dr. H. Aldous Dixon, former president, USU Culture—Summerlong series of concerts brings the finest artists

Dr. Use Forest, education. Western Reserve of music, drama and dance to the BYU campus.

University Recreation—Full program of outings, dances, athletics, and the

Dr. Jerry Craig Garlock, consultant, Los Angeles County superintendent of schools nearby scenic Wasatch Mountains provide recreational outlets.

The Timpanogos Hike in July is the experience of a lifetime.

Dr. Ted Edward Gordon, youth services, Los

Angeles Leadership—Opportunity for participation in student government

Ruth K. Hammond, remedial reading. Salt Lake helps develop leadership qualities.

City Schools in finish college Advancement Opportunities—Many students now

director John, pupil personnel Dr. LaVerd and less than four School. years by taking advantage of Summer

service, State Office School guidance

Teachers will find many special helps for certification and outDr. George A. Kelly, psychology, Ohio State standing workshops and clinics for advancement.

University Dr. Herbert Tonne, business education, New Spend a pleasant, enjoyable summer on this scenic, modern camYork University pus with finest facilities, classrooms, laboratories, housing.

Dr. E. Wayne Wright, guidance, Utah State University CLIP AND MAIL—

Dr. Alex H. Zimmerman, music education, TO: Director of Summer School

San Diego City Schools Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah

And scores of others Please send me free of charge your Summer School Catalog.

NAME Education Week—June 1014 ADDRESS.

First Term, June 17July 19 Second Term, July 22Aug. 22 I am especially interested in:

Exploring the Universe

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr.

ANCIENT PLUMBING

Flush toilets were used in the period of 1000 to 1400 BC, since they have been found at the hill of

Knossos, the huge palace of Minos in Crete by Sir Arthur Evans, and on the hill of Epano Englianos near the westernmost finger of the Peloponneus in Greece recently by Professor

Carl W. Blegen.

COAL BURNING PACKS Of all the metal mined from the earth, half has been dug up in the last 30 years. Of all the coal burnedin history, half of it has been burned CRISP*

in the United States since 1920. Now, twice as many individually wrapped

packs in every package of Supreme SaltineMALARIA FIGHTER

Crackers means you open fewer crackers at

A new drug, a pamoic acid salt called CI501 holds great promise in a time... keep the rest sealed up fresh and

the fight against malaria. Tests so crisp. Get a package next time you shop

far have found that a single injection of the drug has protected pa-... enjoy fresher, crisper Supreme Saltine

tients for a year, Dr. G. Robert Crackers often.

Coatney of the National Institute of

Health has reported. Actual field

condition tests are still to be made. Enjoy Supreme cookies, too... they're

Malaria kills about two million peo- "Kitchen rich"good... baked as you

ple each year and afflicts about two would!

hundred million.

-* * i ti f \ M

CRUMBLING CASTLES

Europe in medieval times abounded in castles. It is estimated that

Germany alone had over 10,000, most of them now destroyed. APRIL 1963 SUPREME241

The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for April 1963 Volume 66, Number 4

Church Features

ART AND PHOTO CREDITS:

The Editor's Page: Blueprint for Family Living, Photo—253—Hays, Monkmeyer

President David O. McKay.-.252 Photo—255—H. Armstrong Roberts

The Eternal Family, President Joseph Fielding Smith......254 Photos256,Barrus 262, 280, 281Wallace M.

Photos264, 265, Shelton, Monkmeyer;

The Church Moves On, 250; Melchizedek Priesthood, 308; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 310. Harold M. Lambert

Photo276-Eldon Linschoten Photos259, 261, 268, 269, 270, 273,

Special Features 274,309, 275,310, 277,312, 279,321, 324,283, 325,308, 334, 335Ralph Clark and Wallace

Family Togetherness, the Challenge of Our Times........ 243 Kasteler.

Creative Families, Richard L. Gunn 256 Art310 Ted Nagata

Grandmothers and Grandfathers, Lucile D. Smith.259 Art316Art-322323PhyllisVirginiaLuch Sargent

Your Values Become You, Virginia F. Cutler 260 Art326-327 Dale Kilbourn

Marriage, A Growing and Becoming, /. Joel Moss 262 All other art and photos—Ralph Reynolds

Music for the Home, Ruth Hardy Funk 264 Studio.

The Family Dollar, Robert H. Daines 267

Family Hours, Lucelle and Harvey L. Taylor 268

Let's Improve Our Family Communications, William G. Dyer...271

Teaching the Gospel in the Home, B. West Belnap and Reed H. Bradford 273

Homes to Live In, Phyllis S. Allen 274

Living with Children, Blaine R. Porter......276

Living with Leisure, Israel C. Heaton 280

The Family and Lifelong Learning, Harold Glen Clark 282

Before You Buy, Investigate, Josie S. Vincent 285

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 286, 287,. 290

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 241; Letters and Reports, 248; These Times:

The Station Wagon Age and the Nomadic Modern Family, G. Homer Durham, 246.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Food Time, Family Time 313 Give Yourself a Birthday Gift, Eileen M. Hasse 316

THE ERA OF YOUTH 321 The Last Word 336 THE COVER Aren't family moments as this simply priceless? Who can deny that a happy

Stories, Poetry prayingfamily circletogetherworking,is butplaying,a glimpseand of

All the World is a Stage, Frances Yost 278 heavenintroduceson earth?a specialThisEra—specialCamera Clixin photo

Poetry 294, 296, 299, 300, 302 thatwith forBrighamthis numberYoung weUniversityhave joinedto present "Family Togetherness"—the

theme of the Education Weeks to be held in thirtythree areas of the Church.

The Improvement Era Offices, 135 South State Street, Salt Lake City 11, Utah Into makethis issueyour thereown familyare manylife morearticles enjoyable, more meaningful. Now, back

it to at our again cover picture—looking O. Editor; Editors; Evans, Richard David and L. Green, Associate C. Managing Doyle Marba Josephson, Editor; Managing Albert L. McKayEditor; Research E. Carter I.arsen, brings to Blake, Editorial Associates; Grant,L. Judith a of StePHAn, President sentence Arlene Heed Florence Pinnock, mind Today's Editor; Family Zobei.l,MarJr.,

ion Hanks, D. Era Editor; Associate Elaine The Youth Editor; Era Direction: of Art Cannon, TheH. Youth Studio. of ReynoldsB. Ralph found O. David 252 on page McKay

G. S. Harris, Franklin B. Homer Sidney Durham, Sperry. Nibley, Hugh A. Gardiner, E. Tanner, Contributing Alma Editors. Nathan is this issue: "It to possible of make

G. Smith, Carlos Jr., General Manager; Jr.,Florence Associate S. Jacorsen, General Manager; F. Scott, Business Subscription Manager; Snarr, Verl A. Glen bit I picture indeed, of heaven; a home

Director; Advertising Evans, Thayer Director. of to continuation a heaven be

Inc., Copyright 1963 by Mutual Funds, published and Associations by tho Mutual Improvement

reserved. price Subscription year, $3.00 a in advance; foreign subscriptions, $3.50 a year, in advance;of 35cThe singleChurchcopy,of JesusexceptChristfor specialof Latterdayissues. Saints, All rights the ideal home."

Entered of Octoberat the1917,PostauthorizedOffice, SaltJulyLake2, 1918.City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. Act

is Improvement The Era not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts for but paid contributions. are at the rate welcomes of 2c Manuscripts on acceptance

a word and sufficient be accompanied must delivery postage return. by and

Cover Lithographed is Thirty days'required for of address. change issue recent ordering of the magazine. Address please slip from a include address a change,

changes cannot unless the noticebe old made address as well as Whenthefor included. by Deseret one is News Press.in full color new

242 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A TOTAL ELECTRIC

GOLD

MEDALLION 4w Sl HOME o w* A wonderful new Family Togetherness, way to live

IN THIS ISSUE the Challenge

LIGHT CO. & UTAH POWER of Our Times

dealer your from Buy now "And what does the gospel show "The Board of Trustees of Brigus? It shows us who our Father is; it ham Young University has changed

shows us our relationship to him, and the name of the former Leadership to our earthly father; it shows us our Weeks to 'BYU Education Weeks.'

duty towards our children, our duty "The change was made after long towards our wife, and wives their consideration of a broader scope and duty towards their husbands; it more appropriate name for this procthank LJou I

enters into all the ramifications of gram. The old name may have

human existence."(Journal of Disgiven the impression that the profor your feelings and expressions

courses 11:163.) gram is only for officers and teachers

So spoke President John Taylor, of our auxiliary organizations and of sympathy and offers to help then a member of the Council of exists for their religious training. On due to the loss by fire of the

the Twelve, in an open bowery, at a the contrary, the BYU Education building and entire stock of general conference of the Church, Weeks are intended for everyone in pioneer Great take 1865 7, advantageOctober who can of the large The offerings. of City. His comment academicSalt Lake is as number

fresh and as needed today as it "We are pleased to note that the SALT LAKE COSTUME CO.

was then. BYU Education Weeks will be preWhat was once "Leadership sented in 33 areas of high Church Because of your encouragement

Week"on the campus of Brigham population in the Western United

Young University has now, in 1963, States and Canada next summer. The and kind thoughts

become "Education Week"in the extension of this privilege to a wider is given in being courses withChurch, the Church segment of indeed we are now back cities, involving thirty blessing gratifying has the than andmore nearly two hundred stakes and apand encouragement of the Board proximately seventeen hundred sixty of Trustees."in business

is "Family Tothemewards. The Era, Improvement The with its again and ready to serve you. of Our Challenge the getherness, circle of nearly family two hundred

Times."At least forty thousand perthousand subscribers, is pleased to

thirtyfive the attendsons will THE ALLENS of the this of presentation in the BYU the join lectures throughouthundred this in of the articles theme. Many statement, followingsummer. The

emphasizing the Education Week issue have been written by faculty Salt JLake program, has been issued by the members who will be present at the

Board of Trustees with approval of various Education Weeks in the farCostume Co.

the First Presidency. flung areas of the Church. Temporary address:

1298 South 9th East IN 7-9494

APRIL 1963 243 APRIL CONFERENCE RELEASES

THE

BOOK OF MORMON in Living Sound

The exciting sound of truth, now in its third edition! 36 high grade black vinyl

L.P., 33V3 records! Recorded by two of the

Church's finest professional voices! Two

handsomely bound volumes in a colorful case! Includes portfolio of Arnold Friberg's Book of Mormon paintings!

STILL ONLY $49.95

Terms as low as $5.00 down and $5.00 a month no carrying charge

Postage anywhere in the United States $1.20.

3. Corner on Youth 4. The Art of Counseling 5. The Jackson's

by Elaine Cannon by James Jay Tschudy

Story Hole verse to delightTonguein-cheek phase of Church A most important Fabian Josephine by is carefully teen leadership analyzed by an popular and oldyoung by a LDS experiof reading kind A new in corresconsultant, authority on counseling. the field Deseret News teen Saints! for The Latterday ence

pondent, Improvement Era Youth Dr. Tschudy is a thorough Latterday Jackson's Hole Story deals with

Section associate editor. Saint and noted educator whose knowlvirgin Wyoming country during

edge of the gospel and counseling is a a time when adventurers, robvaluable aid to Church leaders. bers, and Indians made pioneer-

$1.50 ing difficult and challenging.

$3.50 $2.95 '''. i.-ia <"

***** *V'4VFROM DESERET BOOK all new Deseret Book publications!f

1. Biblical Sites in the Holy Land

by O. Preston Robinson & Christine H. Robinson

A remarkable, new word and picture tour of the shrines and sacred sites of the Holy Land by the gen - eral manager of the Deseret News and his wife—

made following their recent visit to Palestine. Lavishly

illustrated in color!

$3.95 2. Family Leadership—

Inspired Counsel for Parents by V. Dallas Merrell

A rich, new book studded with quotations from many of the General Authorities of the Church—both past

and present. The author is chairman of the BYU

"Educational Week"program for 1963. No LDS parent should miss reading this one!

$2.95

S. Castle of Zion—Hawaii

by Castle H. Murphy

A provocative autobiography full of interesting philosophy and stimulating missionary experiences. A profound

insight into the gospel's influence in the life of a most interesting Latterday Saint.

$2.00

7. Josse Pearl

by Alma Schulmerich Friend of Ernie Pyle, Will Rogers,

Mary Pickford, and "Baby Doe,"

Josie Pearl made her way in and out of mining camps in Colorado and Nevada epitomizing the rough exteriored but tenderhearted frontier, hardrock mining women.

$2.95

8. Four Little Bees

by Genevieve W. Hunt

A refreshing story for young teens which will elicit a warm response among young people who are always interested in nature. Beekeepers and

will find A*"1* &)*",<-.-"Beehivethis bookgirlsa valuablein the YWMIAaddition to their

library.

$1.50

To: Deseret Book Company

44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send me the items ringed: The Book of Mormon in Living Sound.

3 4 5 6 7 8 Book(s) number(s) 12

I have an account I enclose a money order/check...;. tte&wtCOM P A N Y Book

44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND AT COTTONWOOD MALL

SALT LAKE CITY Name..

2472 WASHINGTON BLVD., OGDEN

777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA Address.

City... Zone State.

(Resident of Utah include 3% sale tax)

OPENING APRIL 1st...

CENTRAL UTAH The Station Wagon Age and

CONVALESCENT the Nomadic Modern Family

MEDICAL CENTER THESE TIMES 575 E. 1400 So. Orem, Utah By Dr. G. Homer Durham

President, Arizona State University, Tempe

A UNIQUE FACILITY For AGED or INFIRM

Registered

Nurses

Special Diets

Medications

Therapy

Private Rooms

P. M. Stoddard, M.D.

Medical Director

Deluxe Accommodations

Open Staff to Licensed Medical Doctors

* Planned Recreation * Barber & Beauty Shop * Every Room Unique Decor * Chapel Room for Services MONTHLY RATES $175-$400 Inquiries Welcomed AC 5-4879 Away they go—to different ( or the that function No. 1 continues unsame) places, but in different autoabated. Whatever the culture,

mobiles—the modern family. Can whether patriarchal, matriarchal, enthe basic cultural function of the dogamous, exogamous, the family

family be saved in the station still has fathers, mothers, and chilwagon? It is probably the place dren in common—and the population

where family gatherings most often continues to grow wherever food take place in these times—at least supply is found. What of the rest?

until the teens start driving. Then Functions 2 and 3 derived fundafamily meetings tend to divide mentally from the religious basis and

or disappear! nature of the family. But modern

The sociologist, Charles A. Ellman does not invest much time in

wood, felt that the family performed the family. Business, civic, and

three important functions: (among Latterday Saints) church

1. It continued the life of the duties occupy the bulk of his time.

species, determining the child's Whatever is left has been organized physical destiny. into extension classes, inservice

2. It preserved and conserved sotraining courses, patriotic gatherings,

cial possessions, transmitting propbowling leagues, or whatnot. Women

erty from generation to generation, are in somewhat better position than as well as the ideals and standards men. They are forced, by nature, to

on which government, law, religion, spend at least a minimum amount of 400 Voice Chorus morality,3. "Theandfamily,"culturehedepend.also said, "is variestime withfromtheseveraloffspring.weeksButfollowingthis time

of Brigham Young University the chief generator of altruistic birth to the period when the young

Conducted by sentiments and ideals in human depart for school; for today's mother

Dr. Crawford Gates society. This primary group furis a working mother—outside of

nishes the basis upon which such the home.

SHRINE AUDITORIUM primary ideals as fatherhood, brothThe home and family are surLOS ANGELES, CALIF. erhood, love, service, and selfrounded by new, rapidly growing,

APRIL 10th moralsacrificeandhavesocialbeentraditions."built up into familycentralizedcontinuessocial institutions.the life of Thethe

Tickets Available at So. California Music Today, one can conclude (so far species. But more and more the anHill St. Co. (637 So. LA) as western civilization is concerned) (Continued on page 304) Ticket and Agencies. all Mutual

For the Mutual Agency nearest you phone MA 7-1248

246 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA >-..-* ': "*

How do we thank such a man as this?

The railroad hat is deceptive. Bill Schupbach is a and is still one of the "Boys"at the refinery. He

lifetime Standard Oiler, retired. His grandfather, knows that he belongs.

father and uncle were Standard Oilers before him. It isn't the spoken thanks that do it; but your

Before retiring, Bill was a refinery foreman. His lasting interest in a man, your counting him as a

company retirement plan gives him security, and person and not a statistic, these are the things that time for model railroading, but his big enthusiasm is liven his spirit.

still Standard Oil Company. We have thousands of such fine men and women on

our retirement payroll. If you know some of them,

Bill keeps close to us, and we to him. He is invited you know that they, too, are ardent

to our picnics and parties, receives our publications, Standard Oilers.

Planning ahead to serve you better

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

APRIL 1963 247 an electronic organ should Letters sound like and an organ Reports

but surprisingly some seldom do! Traditional

organ tone was traditionally expensive to achieve, Allen but today offers NEW SERVICEMEN'S GROUP worshipful, reverent organ tone quality for every A servicemen's group was organized rerequirement, in every price cently aboard the USS Hancock while the range. See, hear and compare aircraft carrier was docked at Hong Kong.

Allen organs yourself. SouthernRobert S. FarTaylorEastconducted.Mission ThosePresidentset

Visit our studio soon. apart were Lt. Raymond Gay Blake, Salt

Lake City, group leader; Lloyd Jack Cox,

MANY ANGELS GameBlackfoot,Omer Idaho,Healy, Americanfirst counselor;Fork, Utah,and

secretary. There are twentythree memWho is the "Angel Unaware"[Era cover, bers in the new servicemen's group.

December 1962] on your December cover?

... exclusively inI'vethisheardworld.thereWhenis a I twingot myfor Decemberall of us

SUMMERHAYS MUSIC Era I thought the little girl on the cover OUTSTANDING RECORD girl. little like my 3719 South State looked

different four then Since people have Despite a severe physical handicap, Julie

Salt Lake City, Utah told me the same thing. My little girl's Davis, American Fork Second Ward, Alname is Del Ann and she is fouryears-old. pine (Utah) Stake, has had nearly 100

We would like to know what the little percent attendance to all her meetings for angel's name is, how old she is, and the past seven years and was recently where she lives. awarded her Gold Medallion in recognition

Sincerely, of her record.FILMS Mrs. Delbert Householder She has earned the Honor Bee award,

Thatcher. Arizona the Mia Joy award (two years), and the

similarity the between on the our the "angel"onAND PRINTED per roll commentingNote:writers'ThechildrenEra has received several letters three Laureate awards. and

For any 6, 8 or 12 Exposure B & W Roll December cover. The "Angel Unaware"

JUMBO PRINTS only 35c per Roll is Jill Hunter, age 3. She is the daughter SHOWS GOSPEL FRUITS

of Mr. and Mrs. Paul Hunter, 146 North

to tell Atlantic States Mission want Eastern efforts appreciation for your of our COLOR FILM 1050 West, Cedar City, Utah. youThe elders of the Baltimore District of the

this great magazine. presenting It is a DEVELOPING in

stimuin further investigators tool for our

KODACOLOR lating their interest and showing them the 8-Exposure Roll per life the true Church of Jesus Christ

Dev. and Printing $2.55 roll exemplifies.

12Exposure Roll per The Lord has told us that the truth

Dev. and Printing $3.00 roll should be born out by the fruits. We feel

Color Reprints 20c each this magazine does much to show the

GAINS HONOR fruits of the gospel and its representatives

COLOR SLIDES here on the earth.

135 mm Color Slides per Pictured is Gordon Gillette, Kahala Ward, Sincerely your brethren, 20 exp., Dev. and Mount $1.35 roll Honolulu (Hawaii) Stake, receiving his Elders Haddock, Walker, Lynch,

135 mm Color Slides per Duty to God award from his bishop, Searle, Godwin, Brimley, Orton, 36 exp., Dev, and Mount $2.40 roll Charles W. Nibley. Gordon is an Eagle Davies, Livingston, Yearsley

Color Movie per Scout. Baltimore, Maryland

8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 rol

GENEALOGY PHOTOS CUMORAH PAGEANT DATES

NEGATIVES MADE off OLD religioits will pageants, nation's great Christ, of the one Witness for 60c each. PRINTS America's PHOTOS,

its York, at Hill 8, 9, stage August 7, four on Palmyra, performances Cumorah, New 4c each of NEGATIVE, story. this retelling It will of of the twentysixth 1963. and 10, Book be Mormon

Send coin only - no C.O.D.'s

MoneyBack Guarantee LABUtahSAMSP. O. Box 1 1 1 5 Dept.PHOTOAA Salt Lake City,

the Panrnv Here, is an intimate glimpse into the lives of the

Prophet's mother and father, brothers, cousins, and his wife and children... sons and grandsons. With

keen insight and discernment, the author tells, of

Joseph's love for his family and the effect on his loved ones of his martyrdom. An entire chapter deals

with truth versus tradition. $3.25

2. Handbook for Genealogical Correspondence

By the Cache Genealogical Library

All too often poor genealogical letters defeat their

HANDBOOK FOR thepurposecorrespondents.and actually sealThis uphandbookmany recordgives sourcesdownto-to

GENEALOGICAL earth help to family genealogists so they can locate

CORRESPONDENCE and contact the best record sources. Covers most

problems you will encounter in using letters to complete research work. $3.25

3. Golden Nuggets of Thought, Vol. 4

Compiled by Ezra L Marler Great minds have crystalized their ideas and preserved them in compact literary gems. This collection is

ideal for leisure moments, classroom discussions, and for use from the pulpit. Covers a variety of topics,

I (ioirieii conveniently indexed for speedy reference. $1.00

4. Cowley & Whitney on Doctrine

! NllOQ* Compiled by Forace Green

Now available in one beautiful volume. Mathias F.

Cowley's great teachings, first published in 1902 at

Chattanooga, Tenn., is filled with beautiful truths expressed in studied brevity. Covers apostacy, restoration, baptism, gathering of Israel, resurrection, millenium, etc.

Orson F. Whitney's "Saturday Night Thoughts"was

first published in 1921. When an influenza epidemic

cancelled General Conference in 1918 Elder Whitney wrote these editorials for the Deseret News to give vital messages to the Church members. $4.00

5. Jewels of Thought

by Bryan Gardner

is a choice collection of statements, usually succinct, whitneyW. pithyHere and conveying moral truths, perceptive

inMiaiii comment,wit. Containshumor,well andover here300 anditems.there a certain t caustic$1.00

6. Love is Eternal

By Clyde E. Jensen family with

A dramatic portrayal of life in the hereafter vividly

enjoy love eternally seal their they must marriage in good books [ewclsOf theshocks a young couple into the realization that to Interestingly Temple. in fictionform, presented

thought t this quickreading story will be enthusiastically read by teenagers. $.35

Bookcraft 4-63 1186 South Main Salt Lake City, Utah Please send the following circled books for which I enclose check or money order for

3 4 5 6 12 Name

Address

City State

APRIL 1963 249...Exclusively known

as the baking powder The with the Church Moves On

DOUBLE ACTION / JANUARY 1963

Sandy East Stake, 365th such unit now functioning in the

EI< Church, was created from parts of Sandy (Salt Lake County)

Stake with Elder Orren J. Greenwood sustained as stake president

with Elders Reid L. Harper and Howard J. Moody as his counselors. aX President Marlon S. Bateman was retained as president of Sandy

Stake as were his counselors, Elders J. Ira Hardcastle and Max A.

Mumford. The stake organization was under the direction of

Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the Council of the Twelve and President b '* DOUBLE ACTING S. Dilworth Young of the First Council of the Seventy. Sandy was

begun in 1871 by the railroad which ran a branch line from this point to service mining operations in Little Cottonwood Canyon.

LDS Church meetings began in Sandy in 1873. The origin of the

name is uncertain, one thought being for the type of soil generally

engineer who ran the first locomotive into the station.NO RISK! found there; another for Alexander "Sandy"Kinghorn, the railroad

Elder Edwin B. Jones sustained as president of Detroit (MichiYOUR GROUP CAN RAISE $100 TO ganOhio-Ontario) Stake succeeding President George W. Romney.

$2500 IN 4 T0 15 DAYS WITHOUT RISK Elders Carl S. Hawkins and Newell K. Richardson sustained as

counselors. Both President Jones and Elder Hawkins served as

OR INVESTMENT THROUGH MASON'S counselors to President Romney who moved from the confines

PROTECTED FUND RAISING PLAN of the stake when he was inaugurated as governor of Michigan.

Thousands of groups throughout the country have successfully conducted famous The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

MASON PROTECTED FUNDRAISING DRIVES, David B. Haight as president of the Scottish Mission, succeedraising money quickly and completely withing President Bernard P. Brockbank who was sustained as an

out risk or investment. We supply a choice Assistant to the Council of the Twelve last October. President

of topquality mason candies, beautifully Haight has served as president of the Palo Alto (California) Stake boxed. At no charge to you, each package since 1951. He also is vicechairman of the Oakland Temple Disbearing attractive, band, printedhas an is trict active welfare Francisco region of the church San and and

slopicture organization's and name,your in affairs California. in civic wife Mrs. His Olson Haight Ruby charges! You shippinggan. even prepay We

field. to the mission three couple has accompany him The (40(* of on will profit big a netmake 66%%

every box that costs you 60$) and you pay married children.

nothing until after your drive is over.

Anything remaining unsold may be reThe First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder turned for full credit. For complete inforNathan Eldon Tanner of the Council of the Twelve as president

mation without obligation, write us or fill of the Genealogical Society of the Church. It is expected that a

in the coupon below. new organization will be named soon to assist Elder Tanner who

succeeds President Junius M. Jackson and his counselors, Elder

Dept. RATJSCH, I Mr. GEORGE 978 Lamont B. Gunderson and George H. Fudge who have served for Mineola, N. Y. Box 800, Mason,

obligawithout Please send me, Gentlemen: Plan. J\ the past two years and are honorably released. Raising your tion, information on Fund

Age The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

Name (If under 21 ) Joel A. Tate to serve as president of the Berlin Mission, succeeding

I Organization President Percy K. Fetzer. President Tate has served as president

Street Address of Twin Falls (Idaho) Stake since February 1960. He previously

served as a member of two stake (Continued on page 319) J City State.

I How many members PhoneMason Candies, Inc., Mineola, L. I., N. Y.

250 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A gentle reminder: Zee is a very soft (and very economical) toilet tissue.

APRIL 1963 251 have the right spirit within, the true love of Christ, and love for one another—father and mother for the

children, children for parents, husband and wife for each other—you have the true life of the home that

Latterday Saints build and which they are striving to establish.

In such a home God has placed upon parents the responsibility of instilling eternal principles into the minds of children. Church schools, Sunday Schools,

Mutual Improvement Associations, Primary, and

established here to assist in the upbuilding and guidBlueprint for priesthood quorums are all helps in government, ance of the youth, but none of these—great and

important factors as they are in the lives of ourFamily youth—can supplant the permanence and the influence of the parents in the home.

The home is truly the first unit of society, andLiving parenthood is next to Godhood. The relationship of

THE EDITOR'S PAGE the children to the parents should be one which

BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY would enable those children to carry out ideal citizenship as they become related to the state and to the

larger forms of society. The secret of good membership in the Church or good citizenship in the nation

lies in the home. If and when the time ever comes

that parents shift to the state the responsibility of rearing their children, the stability of the nation will be undermined, and its impairment and disintegration will have begun.

The character of the child is formed largely during the first twelve years of his life. It is estimated that

in that period the child spends sixteen times as many waking hours in the home as in the school and more

Many years ago, President Joseph F. Smith then of than a hundred times as many hours in the home as in

the First Presidency, later President of the Church, the church. Each child is, to a great degree, what

said in a commencement address at the old Latterday he is because of the everconstant influence of home

Saints College: "Educate yourself not only for time environment and the careful or neglectful training

but also for eternity. The latter of the two is the more of parents.

important. Therefore when we shall have completed A good home requires good health habits through

the studies of time, and enter upon the commencement parents'instruction and example in eating, sleeping, ceremonies of the great hereafter, we will find our and proper exercise.

work is not finished, but just begun."Home is the best place for the child to learn selfWith all my heart I believe that the best place to control, to learn that he must submerge himself for

prepare for that kind of eternal life is in the home. the good of another. Then when he gets out into

But home life pays earthly dividends as well. I know society where he meets with his playmates, he will

of no place other than home where true happiness better realize that he must give them respect and can be found in this life. It is possible to make home consideration. The home is the best place in which

a bit of heaven; indeed, I picture heaven to be a to develop obedience which nature and society will

continuation of the ideal home. later demand.

Every home has both body and spirit. You may Homes are made permanent through love. Oh,

have a beautiful house with all the decorations that then, let love abound. Though you fall short in some

modern art can give or wealth bestow. You may have material matters, study and work and pray to hold

all the outward forms that will please the eye and your children's love.

yet not have a home. It is not home without love. A child has the right to feel that in'his home he

It may be a hovel, a log hut, a tent, a wickiup, if you has a place of refuge, a place of protection from the

252 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA dangers and evils of the outside world. Family unity

and integrity are necessary to supply this need.

I wish to emphasize the fact that our homes should be more attractive and that more of our amusements should be centered in the home.

Parents must lead in the cultural development and show a willingness to answer questions. A child that

is asking questions is contributing happiness to your life. Fortunate the child whose parents can leave

their work occasionally to encourage the child in constructive play and spend a few hours in nature study!

Our most precious possession is not our vast acres of range land, supporting flocks and herds; not productive farms; not our forests; not our mines nor oil

wells producing fabulous wealth nor is it our factories.

Our greatest resource is our children, our young men and women whose characters will largely determine our nation's future.

Would you have a strong and virile nation?—then

keep your homes pure. Would you reduce delinquency

and crime?—lessen the number of broken homes. It

is time that civilized peoples realize that the home largely determines whether children shall be of high or low character. Homebuilding, therefore, should

be the paramount purpose of parents and of the nation.

Establish and maintain your family hoyrs always.

Stay close to your children. Pray, play, work, and

worship together. This is the counsel of the Church.

Unhesitatingly, I affirm that my home life from babyhood to the present time has been the greatest factor in giving me moral and spiritual standards and in shaping the courses of my life. Sincerity, courtesy,

consistency in word and in deed, unselfishness are dominant virtues exemplified in the lives of my parents and others in the two homes, my father's and my own, that have proved a safeguard and guidance.

Do you know how I spell Home?

Honor Obedience Mutual service Eternity of the marriage relation—these spell home, and they comprehend the spirit

in which the principles of life and salvation should be taught to children.

The dearest possession a man has is his family. In

the divine assurance that family ties transcend the boundaries of death and continue throughout endless ages of'eternity, I find inspiration. When the union of

loved ones bears the seal of the Holy Priesthood, it is as eternal as love, as everlasting as spirit. Such a

union is based on the doctrine of immortality and eternal progress of man.

APRIL. 1963

The Eternal Marriage Covenant

One of the most glorious princihusband and wife. This form of

ples of the gospel is the eternal marriage, however, was not from marriage covenant. When the Sadthe beginning.

ducees came to the Savior and In giving instruction to thepresented the case of a woman YOUR Pharisees, the Savior set forth a who had had seven husbands and very different doctrine. They came

asked him which of these husbands to him and questioned him on dishe would have in the next world, QUESvorce, in the answer which he it was presumably for the purgave to them he taught the doctrine pose of trapping him if they could. of the eternal marriage covenant.The Savior answered them and said: TION "And he answered and said unto

"... The children of this world them, Have ye not read, that he

marry, and are given in marriage: which made them in the beginning

"But they which shall be acmade them male and female, ANSWERED BY counted worthy to obtain that "And said, For this cause shall a world, and the resurrection from man leave father and mother, andthe dead, neither marry, nor are JOSEPH shall cleave to his wife: and they

given in marriage: twain shall be one flesh? FIELDING

"Neither can they die any more: "Wherefore they are no more

for they are equal unto the angels; twain, but one flesh. Whatand are the children of God, being SMITH therefore God hath joined tothe children of the resurrection."PRESIDENT OF gether, let no man put asunder."

(Luke 20:3436.) THE COUNCIL (Matt. 19:4-6.) Here we have in the

of Jesus the declaration that From this answer given to these OF THE TWELVE words

Sadducees, the Christian world the marriage covenant is intended reached the conclusion that there. lo be eternal.

is no marriage beyond this mortal life. Therefore This doctrine of the eternal nature of the marriage

marriages, whether performed by ministers of religion covenant was revealed to the Prophet Joseph Smith.

or by officers of the law who are duly authorized, are It is very significant history that has come down to performed until death separates the contracting us in relation to the first marriage on this earth.

254 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Before there was any mortal death, the Lord declared: you, before the world was?

"... It is not good that the man should be alone; "I am the Lord thy God; and I give unto you this

I will make him an help meet for him."(Gen. 2:18.) commandment—that no man shall come unto the

Therefore Eve was given to Adam, and it is clear Father but by me or by my word, which is my law, from this scripture that the intention was that marriage saith the Lord.

between the man and his wife was to endure forever, "And everything that is in the world, whether it be for death had not at that time come upon the earth. ordained of men, by thrones, or principalities, or

This thought must have been in the mind of Paul powers, or things of name, whatsoever they may be, when he declared to the Corinthian Saints: "Neverthethat are not by me or by my word, saith the Lord,

less neither is the man without the woman, neither the shall be thrown down, and shall not remain after woman without the man, in the Lord."(1 Cor. 11:11.) men are dead, neither in nor after the resurrection,

Moreover, Paul when writing to the Ephesian saith the Lord your God."(D&C 132:8-13.)

members of the church wrote as follows: Naturally, if men and women, when they marry

"For this cause I bow my knees unto the Father become members of the family of God, and are enof our Lord Jesus Christ, titled to the blessings of eternal increase after the "Of whom the whole family in heaven and earth resurrection, the ordinance and covenant of marriage is named,..."(Eph. 3:1415.) must be by divine authority. The privilege to perThere is then a family of God in heaven as well as form such marriages cannot be promiscuously assumed

on earth, and who will be the rightful heirs in that by any individual or minister. There is but one at a

family? Naturally it will be composed of those who time who holds these divine keys. He has the authorwere married for time and all eternity in the temple ity to delegate authority to others to perform marriages

of the Lord, for the Lord has written: for time and for all eternity, and unless this authority

"Behold, mine house is a house of order, saith the is granted, marriages for time and eternity would not

Lord God, and not a house of confusion. be binding beyond this mortal life. Naturally those

"Will I accept of an offering, saith the Lord, that is who wish to marry must subscribe to the laws of the not made in my name? state. No minister or even elder of the Church has

"Or will I receive at your hands that which I have the authority to perform marriages and seal for time not appointed? and all eternity except those who have been duly

"And will I appoint unto you, saith the Lord, except delegated the authority from the one who holds these it be by law, even as I and my Father ordained unto divine keys—the President of the Church.

APRIL 1963 255 Creative Families

BY RICHARD 1. GUNN chairman, department of art, byu

One of the greatest minds of our century said that I understood it enough and recognized the growth imagination is more important than knowledge! he was gaining to enjoy it thoroughly. Tommy

Einstein was not suggesting that knowledge was of sensed that I genuinely liked it. The turkey picture

small importance, and we know as members of the was also pinned to the wall in the home. These few

Church that "we cannot be saved in ignorance."But things plus the important fact that he had a teacher

the act of creation is the highest power of man—and who understood children and their art expression,

God. The first sentence of the Bible reminds us of stirred Tommy enough that when I came home the

this creative power. The more that modern man next evening, Tommy met me at the door with a

discovers about the heavens and earth that God stack of turkey drawings almost a half inch thick.

created, the more he marvels. We had an enthusiastic creator on our hands.

Human creativity is a product of a divine endowThen Tommy went to Sunday School. As a reward

ment, nurtured in a certain type of atmosphere, for the children's attention to the lesson the teacher stimulated with specific experiences, and given exlet them draw. She had prepared, some Thanksgiving

pression with an individual emphasis. turkeys for the children to colorin. When Tommy

The cradle of the creative requirements is the came home with another turkey for his collection, family. his picture was only partly Tommy's. He had not

As parents we hold the creative life of our children created the turkey; he had only mechanically filled

in our hands. How strange it is that so many parents in shapes. We sent Tommy for his crayons and

and teachers go out of their way to turn off the paper and then urged him to draw a turkey as he switches of creativity in our children. In working did at school. For five minutes he sat looking at the

with young children, teens, adults, and grandparents, crayons without drawing, then I finally said, "What's it is disturbing to see the children's rich, creative the matter, Tommy?"

qualities slip away from them. See for yourself. Simply He replied, "Daddy, turkeys are too hard to draw."

watch young children at play—a pencil may become a Too hard to draw! Just a few days before he had

space ship, a rock may be a kitchen stove. Listen been drawing turkeys with a keen sense of enjoyto the children at play—"Now you be the baby, and ment. Each line of his drawing had meant turkey;

I'll be the mama cooking supper...."Ideas begin it was no fillin process. What had happened? In

to crowd upon other ideas as their creative imagination only half an hour a "coloring book"technique had floods their environment. shaken his confidence, had promoted a stereotype

Young children seldom say, "I can't pretend,""I expression, had crimped his creative outlook.

can't draw,""I can't create."Then listen to them "Paint by number"sets, tracing books, etc., may

when they become adults: "Where can I find a book keep children busy, but they are destroyers of indiof ideas for a party?""I can't draw a straight line,"vidual expression and creativity. Research studies

"Let's face it, I'm just not original,""I can't this"at Pennsylvania State University give strong evidence and "I can't that."It becomes quite obvious that of these negative powers. Many commercial games,

something happens to children as they grow up art kits, and toys are marked "educational"with more which robs them of this precious sense of imagination. interest on the sales dollar than on child growth.

Parents should search out the creativesqueezers, ashCreative growth cannot be developed in conformity.

can them, and then actively build the right kind of Avoid craft kits and drawing outfits that give atmosphere. There is a bonus for our children if uniform results. Seek, rather, such activities as crewe do. Besides the advantages of a creative life ative dance classes. In such classes students learn

which are selfevident, research is proving that credeep sensitivities, and when they perform there is a ative outlooks contribute to a longer life; it's a fact! rich individuality. Creative dance is one of the very

The best illustration I know of the early tugs and best activities for children. There are too many

pulls of creativity was when our son, Tommy, first advantages in modern dance to limit this creative went to kindergarten. He came home with a "picexpression to girls.

ture"that most of us would call a scribble. I used When the young child finds difficulty in his drawone of the most important sentences a parent should ing, the best approach is to increase the child's

learn in aiding creative growth through art, "Tell me experience. Tommy's turkey tumble was a good place

about your picture."Tommy immediately launched to bring in the whole family. I remembered seeing a

into an excited discussion of his picture of a turkey. turkey ranch in a neighboring community, so we all

A second good pointer for the parent is simply trooped out to the family car and drove over to see to show a sincere interest in the child's work. Tommy's the turkeys. All of us learned much. I was surscribble of a turkey was very meaningful to him, and prised how sociable the turkeys were as they gathered

APRIL 1963 257

around us. When we would say "hello,"they immestick with cotton, pin two pieces of paper together,

diately responded with a loud chorus of turkey wick for a broken candle, chopsticks for Chinese sounds. The children were delighted with the dolls, game of pickup sticks, pick up dead flies and

friendly response. Tommy was fascinated with the bugs, eyelashes for lady snow men, pinch tweezers,

"thing by its nose that wiggles when he goes gobble logs for doll house fireplace, write on cakes, puzzles, gobble."When we returned home and suggested that hold hot finger food, clay tool, punch air holes in

the children draw what interested them most on the paper cover for bug bottles, sandwich holders, learn trip, Tommy was ready to draw again, and his picture counting of numbers. It is amazing how such a

had a bright red wiggly scribble by the beak. No one simple game as this over a period of time can

needed to tell him how to draw it, he simply interdevelop imagination.

preted his experience. If the family enjoys television, perhaps an imaginaCreative growth is not a "thisis-howto-doit"affair. tive twist might be developed. Try turning the set

The important springboard, again, is a vital experioff ten minutes before the scheduled ending and have ence. Children do not learn in a vacuum. The family the children discuss how many ways the show might

provides a natural stimulation for meaningful end. Let the children know the plan in advance

experiences; caring for baby, arrival of a new puppy, so they will not be absorbed in the loss of their show.

raking the leaves (as a family project, not just jobs- (This technique also may reveal to the children how something we care for and do together) to Grandma's mediocre the plots are of many types of programs.)

on Thanksgiving, a summer picnic or trip.... Perhaps the family might leave the room except for

The school, church, and neighborhood are powerful one child and after the imaginative endings are disshapers of children. Sometimes very capable teachers cussed by the family, the separated person could

have had limited experience in creative activities. return and tell what did happen for a comparison.

When stereotype work comes home from outside Serious problems may also be tackled. Ideas are

sources, be concerned but don't grab a ball bat and usually best developed in groups. A few general

head for the teacher. Children need to feel that they guides in group idea, searching or problem solving,

are understood and so do teachers. Sometimes it is are to have everyone throw every possible idea into

the parents that need to learn; go with an open mind. the hopper; don't let anyone say anything negative;

If you feel you have a case, perhaps, with tact, you don't evaluate at first. One idea will lead to another

might suggest that the teacher read chapter IL Lowenas each person throws in his thinking. After all the

feld's, Creative and Mental Growth. ( Macmillan. ideas are in, then start to think for the first time on

We have tried to show our children that there is which is most workable.

no accomplishment or achievement from a coloring Our best family experience was a 27,000mile campbook; anyone can do that. They have not been foring trip. There were many nights when all eight of

bidden to use them, but they quickly learned that our family squeezed into one car with all our gear for we are enthusiastic about art work or other activities a night's sleep while the rain poured outside. This

that are their own creations, when they have met the project involved enough problems to stretch all 27,000 "do it your own way"test in a meaningful manner. miles. We solved them together. Mother's imaginaFamily night is a special opportunity. tion devised a clothes dryer out of the car's defroster.

Feature games as "I'm going on a trip, and I'm Ricky solved the impossibility of how all eight could going to take...."Give new twists to it. How many sleep inside. Betty Jeanne somehow added a violin

things can they take starting with the letter "A,"then into an overstuffed luggage compartment. The door

move on to higher levels. If you were Robinson handle was her music stand. Dad found Scotch tape

Crusoe on this trip and your island only had bamboo, the best flea catcher. Two nails and a ladder made

how many things could you make out of this material? an easel. Sweat shirts were pajama tops in cold

Have the children name all the possible uses for some weather. The problem of hot water was a toughie,

common items as a toothpick, a window screen, a but we found that problems became fun as we tackled paper cup. Our family came up with the following each difficulty as a family. We kept finding reasons

uses for a toothpick: book mark, cake tester, fingernail for being grateful, especially for being together. We

cleaner, designs, toy log cabin or Japanese house, saw many wonderful things on the trip, but the learncleaner for small cracks, fill loose screw holes, hold ing to adapt to minimum needs was a most valumarshmallows together for table decorations, swab able experience.

258 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Grandmothers and Grandfathers

BY LUCILE D. SMITH

1'962 UTAH MOTHER OF THE YEAR

When I think of grandmothers, the image of my own guardian while we hunted the wild flowers on the dear grandmother comes to my mind. It was she steep banks or by the river. She allowed me to play

who gave me the concepts of gentleness, love, charity, the piano hour after hour, when the playing was and service to others. She instilled the deeper meanfaltering and imperfect. She never forgot to encourings of family life, especially that of belonging to a age and find the improvements and to find a little

family, when my own mother was taken while I was new music from a hiding place for that special still young. learning interest.

My grandmother was a part of the Relief Society Grandmother seemed to take full responsibility presidency for two decades. She let me accompany when there was distress or sickness. She gathered up

her when visiting the sick, the dying, or when she the measles, the chickenpox, the sore throats, the had a little food or clothing tucked away in a box fevers, and energetically administered the plasters, or pan for those less fortunate and needy. She inthe purges, the toddies, the poultices, and the approstructed us in finding and cutting asparagus, and priate heat cures current at the time. Eventually we

drove us to the homes of the destitute, that we might were all well again.

learn the joy of giving and the rewards of their appreMy grandmother's home was always clean. She

ciation and thankfulness. It was her home that was knew how to use the resources of her seven daughters

always full of this one or that one needing to go to and two sons and hired help in keeping the house school, or desiring shelter, or just a bit of her and yard in spotless condition. There were no

seemingly endless supply of good food, comfort, pickets missing in the fence; the garden was weeded;

and encouragement, the animals were sleek and fat. Her beautiful flowers

My grandmother always let us roam the garden, and the peacocks were reminders of a home in the orchard, the barns, and gather the eggs and run verdant England.

the errands. She sent someone to help us satisfy Hardship, privation, and sacrifice had made her

our curiosity and desires to explore and to be our kind, forgiving, and (Continued on page 298)

APRIL 1963 2S9 Your Values Become You

BY VIRGINIA F. CUTLER, dean, college of family living, brigham young university.

You will find greater meaning to your life if you feast. If a man walked alone through the jungle, he

are pursuing goals that have significant value for you. carried society with him to the extent that what he

The pursuit will make you more vital, more awake, saw was not a plant or a piece of wood, but something and there will be a blossoming of inner talents and for his neighbor's garden and for a relative's house.

abilities that will shine out in your countenance. Yes, The principle of growing a wife and child extended

your values become you. Look into the faces of to the community, inducing an unselfish concern for

elderly people, and you will see lifetime values inall others, the evidence of which was discernible on delibly imprinted there. Young faces are beautiful the elderly faces and could be observed in the

to look at, but if you want to study character and behavior of all ages in the society.

become wise in the meaning of lifetime values, get As contrasted with the gentle, peaceloving, familybetter acquainted with your elders. It is also worthloving Arapesh, the Mundagumors—who lived on anwhile to study cultural groups different from your other part of the same island—were mainly conown in order to see contrasting value systems at work cerned with acquiring more land and possessions.

and to observe the results of thinking otherwise. They were aggressive and constantly at war with

Margaret Mead made a study during the thirties each other and with neighboring tribes. Their

of tribes in different areas of New Guinea and found inheritance system induced a competitive spirit that tremendous contrasts in these populations because of engendered family hatred. Most marriages started

different value systems. The Arapesh were a peacewith violence; children were conceived in hate;

ful, cooperative, kind, socialloving people, because mothers were angry when pregnant; they rejected

these values were infused into the life of every child their offspring, particularly if they were girls, and from the time of its birth. In fact, the feeling of children learned early to fight for their lives. This

relatedness and concern for others started long before unfriendly, hostile behavior continued into adulthood, birth. A young betrothed girl would go to the home and those who survived to grow old had the imprint

of her future husband and become part of the family. of their way of life on their faces.

The young boy was then responsible to "grow"his Latterday Saint leaders and early members of the wife. He grew or killed food for her and learned to Church had their roots in New England soil. Values

guard and protect her. After the marriage the two that had been tested and found good in laying the

of them "grew"the child during the period of pregfoundation for a great country were also values imnancy and through the years following birth. What portant for carrying forward the work of a great

they did or refrained from doing all went into the Church. The social heritage stemming from the New

development of their offspring. Their energy, physiEngland value system facilitated the living of gospel

cal exertion, and skill were so incorporated into principles and enriched Mormon family and comgrowing their children that the very self of each bemunity life for more than a century. Pioneer parents

came part of the others. taught their children to do the work of the home and

In the social scheme, food was grown by one person farm, to care for animals, to grow food, to make and given to another. A farmer would walk miles clothing, to preserve food for winter, to keep the

with his coconut saplings to plant them on the house home neat and clean, to make special preparations sites of others. He gave his pigs to relatives in distant for Sunday climaxed by the Saturdaynight bath, popvillages. He hunted only to give his kill away. The corn, stories, and prayers, and all went to church

lowest form of humanity was the man who used the together on the Sabbath day.

products of his industry for himself. Thus every Technological changes of the past fifty years have

morsel consumed had been the medium of social caused a "culture quake,"and families today are participation and contained social value. Any surplus caught in a dilemma. Yeararound roads, two cars in

food was always the occasion for inviting others to a the garage, a gadget to (Continued on page 286)

260 THE improvement era I:

APRIL 1963 261 "Therefore shall a man leave his father and his mother, and shall cleave unto his wife: and they

shall be one flesh."(Gen. 2:24.)

Jesus gave us a model when he prayed that his disciples would be "one."He did not mean "one

person,"but one in thought and purpose and in dedication to something greater than themselves.

This model calls for marriage to be a commitment—

a dedication of a man and woman to create the situations which allow the best in each to grow. Thus

each partner develops his potentiality, and a unity, joy, and "oneness"results which is greater than either could create alone. Such a partnership is not for

children. It requires persons mature enough honestly

to dedicate themselves.

Marriage partnerships grow in beauty and magnitude through creative interaction in which each person invests his personal values freely and without fear of consequences. Creatively to interact, one must

be willing to be "transformed"or "changed."Surely

one would have to feel a great sense of dedication to invest himself so completely in such a partnership.

Creative interaction is achieved to the degree that

1. Be emotionally honest with himself and partner. Marriage, each partner strives to:

2. Creatively listen and communicate with the

partner. 3. Display the appreciation felt for the partner.a Growing

Being Emotionally Honest What does it mean to be emotionally honest? and Basically, it requires recognition of several facts:

1. Each marriage partnership builds around its own

set of magnetic forces.Becoming

2. Each marriage has forces which could push

BY J. JOEL MOSS it apart.

PROFESSOR OF HUMAN DEVELOPMENT AND

FAMILY RELATIONSHIPS, BYU 3. Growth in the partnership depends on our

acceptance of the consequences of our choices.

4. The only person I can really change is myself.

5. Every married pair needs help at times.

Not all husbands and wives are held to each other by the same forces. One wife may feel a magnetic

pull from her husband's courtesy; another may be

held by his spiritual strength; another, by his business

acumen. One husband may find an appeal in his

wife's vitality; another, in her neatness; another, in

her ability to organize. Each marriage has its roots

in the multiple magnets which bind the couple, together. Recognition of this strength is significant

in making a partnership grow.

Being human, we marry the "humanity"of our partners as well as their angelic qualities. From our

humanity come drives which make us want to feel

significant. A man who has very definite ideas strives If I see a person as being "bossy,"is there someto dominate a relationship, but a dominating indithing inside me that makes me want to see that

vidual sometimes annoys a partner who is trying to person as "bossy"? This is why we must creatively

grow in poise and selfconfidence. Our humanity listen to the message behind the words being spoken.

requires that we learn to accept the consequences Creative listening implies a desire genuinely to underof our choices. stand the other person's point of view. This could

The sooner we can recognize the nature of our well be the meaning in Jesus'teaching that if we'll marital magnets and the opposing force of our human take the beam out of our own eye, then we can more characteristics and accept their reality, the quicker clearly see the mote in the eye of another.

we are willing and prepared to open ourselves for For example, a wife went to her lawyer and asked transformation. The only person I can change is for a divorce, saying she wanted really to hurt her

myself. All I can do for another is lovingly to create husband. "Then,"said her lawyer, "I suggest that

the situations under which he may feel free and safe you go back home for six months and do everything and may desire to transform himself. you can to please your husband. Feed him his

Perplexing situations arise for all married couples. favorite meals, be attentive, and do all the little

It isn't easy to be honest with oneself, let alone with things he asks. In six months you will be in a posione's partner; hence, every couple needs help at tion really to hurt him! Come back then, and we'll

times. The first source for such help is God. But get your divorce!"

he isn't going to change a partner or the situation. A year later the lawyer met the woman on the

More likely he will require us to step back and street and said, "I thought you were coming back objectively analyze ourselves to see how we can to get a divorce."The woman replied, "I went home

better create the situations in which growth may and did all you said, and I changed my mind. My

be achieved. And, while doing so, he will give us husband is a completely different man!"

a feeling of being loved and supported even if Communication requires not only creative listening we are wrong. but also the creation of an atmosphere wherein innerFriends and counselors are a second source of help. most feelings and desires can be freely shared. Too

Sometimes we get so mixed up we need help in frequently we approach a partner with "something's getting an honest perspective. Those who tell us got to be done,""why don't you,"or "you're not

what to do are usually only temporarily helpful. Those being fair"phrases which often put a partner on

who can give us a supportive feeling while helping the defensive.

us more clearly see our situation and choose among A better approach may be to invite the partner to our alternatives are genuinely helpful. They help help you find a solution to "your"problem. If a wife

us to be honest and unleash the potentialities for is disturbed because a husband comes home late to development deep within us. dinner, this is her problem, not his! (His problem

is her reaction to his lateness and perhaps his lack

Creative Listening and Communication of ability to budget his time.) An invitation to join

What is required in the way of understanding and in a search for solutions asks for appreciative concommunicating with a partner? sideration and is more likely to get a favorable

1. Recognition that we are frequently biased in response because two people are looking for answers—

our point of view. not someone to blame!

2. Creative listening to catch meaning behind the At times, we forget to use wisdom in approaching

words communicated. problems. We try to solve them when we are tired

3. An atmosphere in which honest feelings can be or when we're all stirred up inside. Discussion under

more readily shared. the heat of anger or the pressure of fatigue or worry

4. More wisdom in our approach to problems. does not produce creative interaction. Instead, it

We tend to see and hear what we want to see and tends to invite a battle of words—attack and counterhear. Thus, our view of a situation is often biased. attack. We would achieve much more if we would

To correct this, we must seek to recognize our biases cool off and try to get a better view of the situation and listen more intently when a partner tries to combefore discussing it.

municate. No marriage partner is as possessed of a

certain characteristic as a partner believes—no wife Expressing Appreciation for a Partner

is as beautiful as husband thinks she is; no husband Life shouldn't be just a matter of solving problems.

is as thoughtless as a wife may think he is. If we are to bring out (Continued on page 298)

APRIL 1963 263 Jennie Jo, our two year old, had been given the responsibility of "caring for"Grandma while the rest of the family enjoyed an evening ice skating. When

we returned to Grandmother's home to pick her up, we could hear the gay, lilting strains of "111 Be Seeing

Nellie Home."Quietly approaching the front door

so as not to disturb, we saw our little girl gayly whirling and swaying to the energetic and gay harmonica accompaniment being played by her eightysix-yearold grandmother. What a picture! How

wonderfully happy they were as they shared together Music for the Homethe joy and delight of this musical moment. RUTH HARDY FUNK Reflectively, my husband Mark recalled how well CHURCH CORRELATION COMMITTEE

he had learned to respect his mother's musical barometer as she whistled about her breakfast chores.

// it were a gay and happy tune, it meant he could expect an understanding ear and a warm "yes"to any request or if she were quiet or a sad melody was heard, it was better that he wait and approach her another time. He remembered the piano lessons.

They had all been exposed, and his sisters had done well, both serving in their time as Sunday School and choir accompanists.

Everything special that happened in Mark's little

264 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA hometown involved music—the band concerts before "murder"to the ear but great to be a part of as we

the baseball games, the MIA roadshows, school operas, came together in our home and made music. One

ward reunions, and the operettas. How they loved greatly anticipated family outing was our attendance

their holidays and celebrations which always ended each New Year's day at the great Salt Lake Taberin a rousing community sing and the village dance. nacle to hear the Messiah. There is so much to cherChristmas sparkled with a harmonic mixture of ish—so much to remember, musically, as a family.

sounds—the ringing of sleighbells as they rode along Now that we have our own family, we, as all

in the bobsleigh joyously singing the carols and parents, want to fill our home with as much beauty finally the annual Christmas cantata when they heard and joy as possible. We want our children to have

again the full, rich glory of Sister Eskelson's voice as vivid and delightful memories of their fun togetherit soared right up to heaven. Music had been an imfun with music.

portant part of Mark's life—a very good part. On one occasion we had been traveling and singing

My childhood also had been filled with music. for many hours when our young son said, "I like it

Father loved to play the piano and sing and was best when we're all together, singing in the car—we're

never fully happy until we were all singing along so close and happy—this is being a real'family."

with him. Dishwashing wasn't nearly as painful Family togetherness—singing together, harmonizing,

when we were "hamming up"or improvising on an creating descants and obligatos, composing silly operatic aria. jingles and lyrics to wellknown melodies, improvising

Our lives literally bulged with music—hours of rhythm accompaniments. The height of our "car

practice, rehearsals, and accompanying for MIA and concert"comes when Daddy sings, "Little Purple ward performances, recitals, concerts. What a thrill Pansies"with all the bravado and flourish that might

it was to have a reception at our home, following a attend a Melchior performance. As enjoyable diverconcert of a visiting artist. sion from singing is to clap rhythm patterns of wellOur musical "jam"sessions must have been known songs for the others to guess.

APRIL 1963 265 Rounds are favorites and nothing tops the challenge experiences and developing sweet associations. Often

of a "crazy choir"when we divide up and sing two these gatherings conclude with the singing of hymns or three songs at the same time that harmonically which provide an innerglow and a deeper under- "mesh"such as "Swanee River,""Annie Laurie,"and standing of our relationship to our Heavenly Father.

"Put on Your Old Gray Bonnet."Often we reach We encourage and support each other as we particiinto the glove compartment of the automobile for pate in school, civic, and church musical events.

our little treasury of fun songs.* Wonderful friendships are made and hours of wholeHome nights are generously showered with music. some activity are enjoyed through these opportunities,

Each member of the family takes his turn in being and we are realizing greater selfassurance, poise, and responsible for the music. Our Mia Maid daughter selfdiscipline.

has taught us the songs she learned at MIA camp We want to grow as a family toward a greater this summer. Under the direction of our Cub Scout appreciation for all that is beautiful and worthwhile.

we have made and played on a "bottle band"asMuch of this enrichment and joy will come through sembled from bottles of various sizes from the smallest music. Our children have been aware of their musical

medicine bottle to a gallon vinegar jug filled with environment since they were a few months old. As

water in graduated amounts. Our ingenuity was soon as they are able to walk, we have watched their

challenged when each member was asked to make an spontaneous rapture as they responded with their instrument from implements or items found in the whole little beings to the rhythmic delight of happy house. A saw, washtubs, kettle lids, wooden spoons, music such as Herbert's, "March of the Toys."Some

broom handles, straws, elastics, wires, combs, and of their most treasured possessions are their own tissue paper were all brought into vibration to effect records which they have learned to care for and play a most amazing orchestra as we played to the vigorous on an inexpensive record player provided for their strains of "The Anvil Chorus."use when they are only a few years old. It is

An inexpensive musical instrument, such as a hargratifying to watch their tastes and interests for monica, jews harp, ukulele, bazooka, and toy acdifferent types of music grow and increase. We all

cordion, was found in each of our stockings one share the excitement of a new record as though it

Christmas morning and provided many delightful were a new friend. It is a thrill to have our five

hours of future family fun. year old say, "Mommy, please play that pretty record

We have been the joyous recipient of a choice that goes like "(and she hums the opening family tradition provided by a neighboring family strains of Tschaikowsky's "Pathetique Symphony"). To

of twelve who come "a-carolling"every Christmas Eve. return home and find your fifteenyear-old daughter

We want our children to know the joy of accomlistening to a Tabernacle Choir album after several plishment, the satisfaction of selfexpression, the weeks of unshakable devotion to "twist"tunes is a excitement of creating something beautiful. Music heartwarming experience.

offers endless opportunity for such rewards. Plato The joyful anticipation our children had for the

said, "Musical training is a more potent instrument next Leonard Bernstein program with the New York than any other because rhythm and harmony find Philharmonic was gratifying. Each week we post a

their way into the inward places of the soul."list of choice TV and radio programs that would be

As far as the budget allows, we are offering music wonderful "family listening."As a family we atlessons to our children and an opportunity to develop tended the symphony concert last year that featured

and use their talents. Although the practical probtalented young musicians in our city. It was a most

lems are at times overwhelming, it is well worth rewarding evening, and for one whole week we didn't the effort. A cherished dream is being realized with have to remind our children to practise.

my daughters as we explore and play the masterIt is hoped that through music our lives will become works written for the violin, cello, and piano. There more meaningful and that through this appreciation

is a warmth, a unity, and a harmony of both sound we will gain a deeper awareness of the spiritual values and soul that permeates this togetherness. in life and the reality of the goodness of God who has

Occasionally we invite another family to share our given to us this glorious medium of music through home evenings. With members of both families conwhich we might better understand one another, live

tributing to the program, we are realizing choice harmoniously together, and worship him.

"MIA—Let's Sing available at the MIA General Offices.

266 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA # Money is, perhaps, more difficult to manage than it is to earn. Good management of finances is a problem faced by nearly all families, regardless of income

level. The complexity of this problem has caused

more than 300 colleges and universities since 1940 to introduce courses in personal finance.

How can a young family with limited income possibly afford enough insurance to provide real protection? In borrowing $50 you can pay as much

as 1,040 percent per annum or as little as 5 percent.

In buying a $15,000 home, one type of mortgage can cost over $1,500 more than another. Will you know

the difference when you come to buy? The government urges you to save by buying United States

savings bonds; mutual funds urge that you place

your savings with them; the New York Stock Exchange

and its member firms urge you to save and invest regularly in common stocks. What should you do if

you can't do all three? These and other perplexing

financial choices are encountered and dealt with, either competently or poorly, during our lifetime.The Family Most important in managing family income, howing its value. Once we begin to understand and Dollar ever, is a deeper understanding of our feelings regardmanage these feelings, it is much easier to manROBERT H. DAINES age funds.

ASSISTANT PROFESSOR OF BUSINESS MANAGEMENT, BYU People see different (Continued on page 306)

L

<mm0tjm< Family Hours LUCELLE AND HARVEY I. TAYLOR, vicepresident, byu

Moments to remember, stories, games, laughter, any council is to make sure everyone feels free to songs, showand-tell, quiet times with sacred books, express his ideas even though he knows they may favorite snacks, family circle in prayer, warm good cause some discussion and disagreement. Some of

nights, lights out, peace, and untroubled sleep—these the happiest family hours are built around snacks

are family hours. in the kitchen after special events or contests with

Children need most of all to be loved. Money and darts and a target in the back yard, croquet, and even

the things money can buy will never take the place beanbags and a hoop. Best of all, perhaps, are the

of companionship with parents and brothers and quick picnics to the desert, lake, or mountains when sisters doing things together, sharing, listening, telling. Dad surprises us by coming home a little early, and

These bring families close together in love and underthe lunch is anything that happens to be in the standing. The purpose of family life is Godgiven refrigerator. The beauty of a sunset, willow whistles,

and carries a sobering challenge to work together, hikes, bonfires, games, stories, and the ride back with play together, and worship together. everyone leading out in his favorite song are memories

Family hours in which every member has some that are filled with the rich fulness of belonging part, when he or she is made to feel important and to a family.

wanted, can become a great spiritual force in the From the earliest beginning of the Church, our home, giving children a feeling of security, responsileaders have encouraged family hours. So that more

bility, and direction. If the family pattern is strong, emphasis can be placed on family togetherness, stake

children will be strong; and when faced with the and ward meetings are no longer held on most fast

responsibility of making their own decisions, they Sunday nights, with instructions that families are to will usually act according to the family pattern. meet together to participate in activities in harmony

Family hours need not always be of the formal with the spirit of the Sabbath.

type where a time is set and activities carefully "But what can we do?"said John, an active fourplanned. Informal councils such as talking over plans, teenyear-old, to his parents. Perhaps these suggesexperiences, and problems can be "roundtable"talks tions might help John find something to do that will

after dinner. At least one meal a day should be a be interesting, instructive, and fun. Many members

special time of enjoyment where all members of the of the family can participate in the following sugfamily sit down at a table together. Relaxing and gested programs by presenting certain phases of a

spontaneous family talk after a good meal is the topic. These can be made especially inviting to

surest and best medicine to cure the allAmerican adolescent boys and girls. They can do the research,

rush and dash problem. Special family councils find pictures, make the presentation, and conduct

should be called to plan for family nights, for family discussions. This procedure is highly recommended

events, for school, missions, etc. There may be times since it gives adolescents an "I-amneeded"feeling.

when only the family members involved need to be a A Night with the Presidents of the Church—with

part of the council. The most important factor in pictures, stories of their early childhood, church serv268 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

s '

1 "lf

ice, choice statements from speeches, remarks from Outstanding Mormon Women funeral services, place buried, etc. Mormons and Education

Our Twelve Apostles (a subject for several home The Primary Story (Children's Hospital) nights)—with pictures of Christ and the first apostles, The Relief Society Story

followed by pictures ( if available ) of all apostles since The Story of the MIA 1830—especially those of our present twelve apostlesThe Sunday School Story

including information about when called, years of Early Home Life of Pioneer Families service, stories of early life, and choice statements. Latterday Saint Hospitals

Building the Kirtland Temple—a. wonderful story Story of the Welfare Plan

little known by members of the Church today.

Nauvoo (especially good now that the Church is There are many other interesting and thrilling planning to restore much of this once beautiful city )—stories about Mormon life and activities that would

with maps showing locations, story of destruction of be appropriate. These could well be those not comthe temple, and persecution of the Saints. monly known or discussed in regular classes. A

Handcarts to Zion—the wonderful story of the hunlittle careful research and preparation could make

dreds who crossed the plains, walking, pushing, any of these programs adaptable to almost any age and pulling. or to any mixed group of a variety of ages.

The Story of Our Hymns—a. wonderful evening can Through careful preparation, family hours need

be built around the story of "Come, Come, Ye Saints,"never be dull. Surely, they merit as careful planning

"O My Father,""A Poor Wayfaring Man of Grief,"as regular breadwinning, social, or church activities, "Carry On,"and many others. for sometimes even more will be at stake.

Temples of the Lord—with pictures of each temple For family hours any time, the following are sugin order of completion, and stories about each. Disgested as those programs proven most successful by

cussion on purposes of temples, temple marriage, and many family groups:

work for the dead will grow out of this activity. BackYard Fun

Other suggestions for Sunday evening family hours: Fireplace Memories

The Mormon Army (Mormon Battalion) Tell Me a Story

The Great Immigration Family Picnics

Missions of the World Into the old Costume Chest

Mormons as Colonizers (a dressup party)

Mormons in Politics Mother and Dad's Anniversary

Mormons and the Arts Family Birthdays

A Theatre in the Mountains ( Salt Lake Theatre A Halloween Party

Mormon Writers PlantSomething Party

Mormons Serve Their Country Lincoln's Birthday (Continued on page 290)

APRIL 1963 269 <i

v

tALet 5 Improve Our Family Communications BY WILLIAM G. DYER, associate professor of sociology, byu.

Communication is a means to an end—not an end shuddering at the sight of the baby drinking the

in itself. We can use communications to hurt, punish, "nasty stuff."

and offend; or we can use communications to bind If babies are sensitive enough to pick up from the

together, increase love, and maximize joy. The great nurse how she feels about orange juice through her

skill is not to get people to communicate more but subtle body actions, what messages do you think to communicate wisely and effectively. Too many children are receiving from parents in the following

families already communicate too much of the wrong makebelieve incidents?

things, and to encourage them to communicate more Case 1. Father talking to mother in the car on the

of the same would compound the disaster. way home from Sacrament meeting: "What a boring

The purpose of this article is to help families bemeeting that was. I don't know the last time we had a

come more unified, closer, and more meaningful, also really good speaker. I'd have gained more from

to understand and use the vehicle of communication staying home and reading a good book."

as a means to achieve this important end. Father to son, a week later: "What! You don't

want to go to Sacrament meeting? I can't understand

Unintended Communication that. You never see me staying home from a SacraVery simply, communication is the process whereby ment meeting!"

one person by the use of symbols (words, actions, One might guess that the father, unintentionally, gestures, etc. ) gets others to understand how he thinks has really communicated to his children his true feeland feels. But sometimes we send out signals, uninings about Sacrament meetings; namely, that one

tentionally, that let people know how we feel when should go to Sacrament meeting out of a sense of we might have preferred to keep those feelings hidden. duty, no matter what, but a good Sacrament meeting

A problem in most families is that in certain areas ( not found very often ) is one where there is a speaker the communication system is too good; that is, more who is interesting and entertaining (to father).

is communicated than is really intended. We marvel Another interpretation of the above case may be

at the sensitivity of the gleaming fingers of the radio that the father may have both positive and negative antenna and their ability to pluck sound waves from feelings about going to Sacrament meeting. He may

the air. But marvelous, too, is the sensitivity of a have enjoyed the singing, appreciated taking the

little child whose receptors are able to pick up all Sacrament, but disliked the speaker. However, his

kinds of messages. One study of little babies found pattern of communication, developed over a long

that if a baby was fed orange juice by a nurse who period of time, is to talk only about the things he did not like orange juice, that in a short time the dislikes, thus his children may be unaware of the baby also would not drink orange juice. However, if other feelings he may have.

the nurse liked orange juice, so did the baby. SomeThis is one illustration of the dilemma of unhow, the nurse was able to communicate to the child balanced communication—the father has communiher distaste for orange juice via tenseness, grimacing, cated too much about his negative feelings and

APRIL 1963 271 too little about his positive feelings. seems to be the biggest problem you have with

Case 2. Father to daughter: "I think you ought your husband?"

to read more of the church publications. After all, Mrs. G.: "Since we have been married, my husband

we spend good money so you can have The Improveis thoughtless and neglectful. He no longer praises

ment Era."me or tells me he loves me. He forgets birthdays and

Father to mother the next day: "Any mail today? anniversaries. He doesn't perform the courtesies and

Oh, just The Improvement Era? We haven't had any niceties that I would enjoy so much."

important mail for a long time."Counselor: "Have you ever told your husband how

Children pick up all of the communicative symbols you feel?"

the parents give off—not just the words spoken directly Mrs. G.: "I should say not. If he isn't understanding

to them. In Case 2, the father's intentions in his enough to sense how I feel, I'm certainly not going

direct communication with his daughter are to ento say anything. Besides, if I did, he would just get

courage her to read church literature more, but his angry and tell me off."

unintended communication tells her that he really This case illustrates one of the great human probthinks such material is not too important, as compared lems. In all kinds of situations people have their

with other matters. feelings hurt by others. They are disappointed, upset,

Case 3. Son to father: "Dad, will you come and irritated, but they take great pains to hide these

help me fix my wagon?"feelings from those who would benefit from knowing

Father: "Just a minute, son, I'm busy right now how they really feel. One would guess that in the

reading the evening paper."case above, the wife gives off certain signals, intenLater. Father: "Son, come and eat—it's time tionally or unintentionally, that let her husband know

for dinner."that she is upset. It is also quite possible that even

Son: "Just a minute, Dad, I'm fixing my wagon."though he knows she is upset, he doesn't know what

Father: "Not in 'just a minute'—when I call you I he has done to cause this. It is almost impossible for

want you to come right now."a person to improve unless he knows what he has

What is the father unintentionally communicating done that is wrong. Unfortunately, most conditions

to his son? The son perhaps hears that there are are like the dilemma of the person with bad breath—

two standards—one for him and another for the father, "even your best friend won't tell you."

or he hears that his father's newspaper is more imWhy don't people communicate more freely with portant than helping him with his problems. If you each other? Why don't children tell their parents

were to ask the father, "What is more important, your about the problems they are having? Why doesn't

newspaper or your son's problems?"he would unMrs. G. tell her husband?

doubtedly insist that his son is more important. But Perhaps as in Case 3, the parents have given off

in a number of subtle ways he has communicated to unintentional signals that make the child feel his his son that the newspaper, or the TV program, or problems are unimportant and will not be listened to.

the golf game, etc., really come first in actual practice. But more often the imagined consequences of telling

The above cases indicate that unintentionally we another how we feel are too terrifying, and silence communicate to others our likes, dislikes, preferences, seems to be the safer course.

and disgusts. It would appear that at least one imCase 5. Father to daughter: "No, you cannot take

portant basis of "good"communication is not to learn the car to pick up your girl friends and go to your how to say the words better, but to examine ourselves MIA class party. You are still too young to drive at

and begin to alter those attitudes, feelings, and reacnight. You can either walk or 111 drive you over,

tions that we would not like to see fostered in and if your teacher can't bring you home, you call our children. and I'll come and get you. Also, since it's a school

night, be sure to be home by 10:30."

Blocked Communications Mary: "Oh, all right, Father."(To herself: Why is

One of the strange paradoxes of human interactions he so unreasonable? Here I am almost 17, and I'm

is that at the same time people are unintentionally the only one of our crowd who can't take the car communicating things about themselves to others, at night. And it's embarrassing to have to leave the

they are also being very careful to avoid, hide, camouparty—the earliest of anyone. He treats me like

flage, or ignore other things about themselves and a baby.)

others, and in such areas there is little communicaThe outsider looking at this situation might say tion—intentional or unintentional. that both the father and the daughter have some legitiCase 4. Marriage counselor: "Mrs. C, what mate points in their (Continued on page 292)

272 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Teaching... Gospel... Home. Are there any

other three words which have greater meaning for the individual than these? According to the Savior,

obtaining eternal joy, salvation, and exaltation in the celestial kingdom is the basic objective of an individual's life. A person must understand the unity

and love found in the gospel if he will partake of all the Lord would bestow upon him. The Savior said,

"These things have I spoken unto you, that my joy might remain in you, and that your joy might be full."

(John 15:11.) The gospel, the home, and teaching

provide each individual with a means whereby these objectives can be obtained.

The Lord has placed an important responsibility upon all parents. "And again, inasmuch as parents

have children in Zion, or in any of her stakes which are organized, that teach them not to understand the doctrine of repentance, faith in Christ the Son of the living God, and of baptism and the gift of the Holy

Ghost by the laying on of hands, when eight years old, the sin be upon the heads of the parents."

68:25.) How does one best fulfil this responTeaching the (D&C

sibility and opportunity? The following are some

guideposts that might be helpful.

Partners. It is important for every parent to rememGospel in theHome ber that he is a partner with his Heavenly Father in

BY B. WEST BELNAP rearing his children. All men and women on this

PROFESSOR OF RELIGIOUS EDUCATION, BYU earth are children of our Father in heaven. He is

H. REED AND BRADFORD

SOCIOLOGY, BYU vitally interested in certain objectives for his children. PROFESSOR OF

An earthly parent should have some of the same objectives toward these children. For the earthly

parent this means that he would try to make the gospel part of the lives of his children so that they might achieve eternal joy, salvation, and exaltation in the celestial kingdom.

Whom Can I Teach but My Friends? The relationship one has with another person has a great bearing

on his capacity to affect his behavior in the ways desired by the Lord. Plato said, "Whom can I teach

but my friends?"When one has a friendly or loving

relationship with another individual, that individual is much more likely to accept suggestions than if he defines the relationship with indifference or hostility. The Savior said, "This is my commandment,

That ye love one another, as I have loved you."

(John 15:12.)

Understanding. The parent seeks to understand

his children. What is the level of their intelligence?

At any given time, how much knowledge do they possess? Do they have personality problems that

prevent them from learning efficiently? Only by

knowing such things can a parent be effective in his teachings. It is always useful for him to try to put

himself in his child's (Continued on page 294)

# Never has there been a time when there was so Learn to be discriminating in creating beauty around much interest in home decorating as at present, and you. Beauty is essentially a personal affair. There

never before has there been such an abundance of are no rights or wrongs and remember that beauty everything for the homemaker to choose from—regardand charm have no price tag. Beauty needn't wait

less of price. to be afforded; it is everywhere if we but train ourIt doesn't matter whether you are building a home, selves to be aware. The less you have to spend the

remodeling, redecorating or simply doing a little more it pays to be aware. Seeing beauty means

"facelifting,"the old caution that delicatelooking being alert to color and form. It means developing

materials are impractical is eliminated. Colors can a sense of composition, a feeling of how objects look

be pale and delicate yet be eminently practical. when they are brought together, and what one color

Fabrics can "look"like satin or taffeta yet wear like does for another. Creating beauty with simple everyiron. Wall coverings can look elegant and yet be day objects can be fun and challenging.

not only washable but scrubbable. The new vinyls Everyone must have a place to live. The environfor floors, walls, and furniture have revolutionized ment which you create for yourself and your family

decorating, especially for growing families. Emphasis is of utmost importance. As each individual is differis on easy maintenance without regard to style or ent and each family is different so the environment

period. What a boon for the woman who craves of each home should be different. Houses should be

beautiful things around her and has a half dozen designed and furnished for particular people to live rollicking youngsters. in; people ought not to be forced to adjust their lives

We hear and read much these days about "the to houses which do not fit their needs.

return to elegance."What is true elegance? Is it Where do you begin, to acquire a home? Take a

something reserved for the wealthy? One person careful look at yourself and at the members of your

expressed it this way, "Elegance is good sense exfamily and ask a number of important questions. How

pressed beautifully."To many people, luxury and do you live? Are you gregarious, funloving, informal

elegance are synonymous. This is not necessarily so. people who enjoy having friends drop in at any time?

True elegance is not a superficial thing. It must stem If you are, then you should choose a location that is

from your personality and genuinely express you. convenient for people, not an isolated spot in the

Homes to Live in

BY PHYLLIS S. ALLEN

SPECIAL INSTRUCTOR, INTERIOR DECORATING, BYU

I country. What about work and school? Does it investment of space. A front entrance which allows

irritate you to have to run a private bus service for for privacy of the living areas of a house contributes the members of your family and their friends? If it much to pleasant and tranquil living.

does you should find a location near work and school. Is your plan economical—not only as to the initial

These are only two of a long list of questions you cost but on a long range basis in terms of mainteshould ask yourselves before deciding where to live. nance? Shortsighted economy can be very costly.

When you have made this difficult decision, you are For example, the best heating plant you can afford well on your way to having a home suitable for you. will be the most economical in the long run. Consult

Now what kind of house will you choose? If you your builder about how to save money by using

are not familiar with the various styles, make a carestock mill items.

ful study in books, magazines, and your community Have you sacrificed space for frills? Space, well

to decide which type of house best suits your planned, is the most important element in maintaining family's needs. a calm and peaceful atmosphere in the home. Too

Study many floor plans. Before you decide on often so much money is spent on an ornate exterior

one, make a check list of some basic requirements. Is and on costly interior details that space is sacrificed.

the plan functional? Does it rnee the needs of the Get as much space as you can afford; frills may be

individual members of the family? If the man of the added later. You may even find that you have a

house needs privacy for professional study is there better designed house for having had to cut down.

adequate space for it? Is there a place for special Is the house designed so that it can grow and

hobby activities? Are working areas conveniently change as the needs of the family change? If it is

planned and located? Is there private space for designed to meet both immediate needs and future

family eating? Are living areas adequate for all probabilities it will likely be a successful undertaking.

members to enjoy together? Now with the location, style of house, and a liveWhat about traffic lanes? Can the kitchen be able floor plan how do you proceed? Always keeping

reached from the front door and the back door without foremost in mind the needs, likes, and dislikes of the going through any rooms? Are hallways adequate members of the family who will occupy the house,

and economical? Wellplanned hallways are a wise add the necessary (Continued on page 303)

Living withfv Children BY BLAINE M. PORTER

CHAIRMAN, DEPARTMENT OF HUMAN DEVELOPMENT

AND FAMILY RELATIONSHIPS, BYU For each of us, the experience of living with chilUnderstanding Ourselves and Our Feeling about dren becomes a separate and unique kind of venture. Children. The most important single factor which

Each takes the ups and downs of family living in the determines the domestic atmosphere that we offer our nature of his own stride. In anticipation, many of us children is simply a desire to have them. It is easy to

believe that living with children and assuming the appreciate children when they are cute and lovable responsibility of guiding and rearing them will be an and good, but it is quite another thing to extend this easy, simple thing. In actuality, it is not. If we are appreciation even to those times when they are annoyserious and thoughtful about the tasks and challenges ingly underfoot and unreasonable. The best environwhich confront us, we view parenthood as a complex ment that we can give our children during the early

adventure. As parents, we cannot escape moments years of their lives consists of little more than this

of uncertainty and concern, moments of anxiousness honest daily willingness to share their lives.

and worry, moments of disappointment. These are As parents we represent the world to our children.

a part of the picture as well as moments of eagerness We cannot expect them to accept the rest of the and joy and fulfilment. population if we fail to give them any reason first

It is a privilege to live with children. From a of all to accept us. We almost have to devote the

Latterday Saint point of view, our children are also first few years of our children's lives to the task of

God's children who are lent to us for a little while, inviting them into the world and encouraging their during which time we have the pleasure of their comacceptance of it. Punishing them for their ignorance

pany and responsibility of guiding and training them and clumsiness certainly cannot be expected to accomproperly. Stop and think of the confidence and trust plish this. Efforts must be made to explain their

which God must have in us to allow us the privilege behavior as well as our own to them. Questions our

of being responsible for his children. How many of children ask, however tedious and apparently silly,

us would be willing to give our children for twenty must be answered with honesty and interest. Their

years to someone else to guide and rear and influence, values as represented by the importance they may to determine their values, their ways of behaving, attach to some toy or activity must be respected with their way of life? We would want to establish some the same sincerity we expect of them. Moreover, we

very rigid standards for parentsto-be. How many must encourage their selfexpression and friendships

of us could pass the test of our own standards? up to the limits of our ability. Only then do we preHaving children come into our homes, into our pare our children properly for an emotionally

lives, is not only a privilege but also a great responsisatisfying life.

bility. We must be concerned about their wellbeing Understanding Children, In addition to underphysically, intellectually, emotionally, socially, spiritstanding ourselves, we cannot expect to become good

ually. It is a great challenge to be asked to meet parents without a workable set of principles conthe many needs of the growing individual, for human cerning requirements of child guidance. We must

beings are complex and unique. With all the advanceunderstand our children in relation to their age: We

ments of science we have not approached anything must know the tempestuous twoyear-old, the sweet as complicated, as wonderful as the human being. If and confiding fouryear-old, the eightyear-old so deour children are to grow and develop into mature, voted to his gang, the moody and turbulent adolescent.

welladjusted, healthy adults, they must be cared for, Finally, we must know each child as himself—

nurtured, guided, and trained carefully. If they are unique individual, sensitive and easily discouraged

to be found worthy to return to the presence of their or toughskinned and confident, retiring or aggressive,

Father in heaven, they must be led and directed so dreamy or practical, quick or slow. We must

that they will follow the paths that will help them also be aware of the changes, the progress, and reach that destination. "But I have commanded you the backsliding.

to bring up your children in light and truth."(D&C There are no rules governing all relationships with

93:40.) Such objectives will not be achieved autoall children. There are only broad, basic principles

matically or easily. They will come about as a result which we interpret in terms of each child as an

of serious preparation on the part of parents and by individual. If through information and knowledge

thoughtful, prayerful effort, consistently made and we are able to gain greater understanding and deeper based on sound judgment and correct principles skilinsight into ourselves and into our children, we will fully applied. What can we do to fulfil our obligation see our task of parenthood in a positive perspective.

more skilfully and to maximize the joy and satisfaction We will feel less need to condemn ourselves because which can be associated with it? of problems; and when (Continued on page 300)

APRIL 1963 277 11 the World A Is a Stage BY FRANCES YOST

"Here's an item of interest."Mike Thompson handed which it no doubt won't, why there are other

the evening paper to his wife Karma and pointed to items...."

an article on the stage and screen page. "Stop off and buy yourself a new dress. You

Karma laid down the little stocking she was darning deserve a new one anyway."

for Donny and read the headlines aloud. "Miss "I'd need to have more than a dress, and I'd have

Rashell Ramone, popular actress of stage and screen to have my hair done, and..."Karma glanced at

will appear in person at the Reo Theatre for one her broken fingernails, but didn't mention the needed matinee performance only."manicure. She would do something about that herself.

There was more to the article, but Karma read the "You've been saving for something, Karma, how details silently. She dared not trust her voice/ for about using some of your lay away?"

Mike was watching her, studying her face. If her "I've been saving to buy you a new suit. You

voice should crack, or her eyes water, Mike would haven't had one since we...."

think she was sorry she had married him and given "This is more important, Karma. You get what you

up her stage career. She had never exactly regretted need; my suit's good for a lot of Sundays yet."

her marriage to Mike, not really. It was just that she "Oh, Mike, you're wonderful, and thoughtful, and

had planned a career like her friend Rashell and I really shouldn't indulge, but I... I... just have to

had fallen short. She wished she were successful see Rashell, for old times'sake."

and important. If she had only continued as Rashell Karma shopped in several stores and at length

Ramone had done! decided on a two piece beige suit. The suit of

Karma remembered the old days, when she and course, begged for brown heels and purse and gloves,

Rashell had been girlhood friends. Karma had and a perky little hat, and a fresh white blouse.

planned to drop her simple Smith surname and be Karma felt guilty about buying so much for herself known as Karma Cornell. Rashell Jones had coined when they needed the money so badly for so many

the name Rashell Ramone for herself. The girls had things. Why, she thought, I've spent on myself alone,

dreamed their dreams early in life. Both would be almost enough to make a payment on our home,

great performers on stage and screen, and their names when I include the hair styling and the accessories.

would be in bright lights. Rashell had made those But every item is important, a must. Without these

dreams come true, but Karma had dropped by the things I could never make myself look good enough wayside and was now darning socks in front of a to gather courage to even try to get in to see Rashell.

fireplace for a family of small children. And now, here she was knocking at the door of a

"Since your friend will be here for one matinee famous star's dressing room. Karma felt her

performance only, I think you two should get together heart trembling.

for a good talk fest. You could invite her to the house "Who is it?"

and cook one of your perfect dinners,"Mike suggested. Yes, Karma recognized the voice. It had been a

"Oh, Mike, you're sweet, but this house...."long time, and this voice had acquired a sophistication,

Karma made a gesturing sweep of disapproval. but it was Rashell's voice which she heard through

"Then get a sitter for the afternoon and take your the closed door. Karma would have recognized that

friend to dinner downtown."voice anywhere. Why she had helped her to develop

"Mike, if it were as simple as that...."Karma the lovely tone quality when they had practised in the

groaned softly. old summer stock barn theater years ago.

"If you're worrying about picking up the check, "Rashell... Miss Ramone. This is an old friend."

I have a crisp five spot right here."Mike withdrew "I know no one.... I am very busy."

a bill from his pocket. "Rashell, it's Karma, Karma Smith,"she said gayly.

"But Mike, even if this would cover the lunch, "You remember, (Continued on page 296)

278 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

.., Living with Leisure ISRAEL C. HEATON

CHAIRMAN, DEPARTMENT OF RECREATION, BYU

Dr. A. Whitney Griswald, president of Yale Univerour population, assemblyline type work does not

sity, pointed to one of America's greatest challenges provide the satisfactions man desires. Leisure, rather

when he said: "A New Colossus has been formed by than work, is becoming the factor which integrates

the millions of leisure hours developed out of the 40the life of the average person.

hour work week. This Colossus has more leisure at his America could be on the brink of a cultural revoludisposal than all the aristocracies of history. What tion. With leisure broadly distributed to all, it is

will he do with it? Will he make of himself a full or interesting to think of what this could mean to those

exact man or will he be content to be merely a who would become artists, musicians, philosophers, ready man—a measure of muscle and a shout from poets, sculptors—creators in any one of scores of

the mob? The choice lies before him. Who will help cultural pursuits. Just think of what it could mean

him make it?"in opportunity for service to our fellow men and to

Robert M. Hutchins of the Ford Foundation and God's work! It also holds the key to our physical

former president of the University of Chicago clearly and mental fitness.

described the concern we must have for leisure Leisure is the golden opportunity for strengthening when he said: "If we survive, the leisure which the family ties. With leisure broadly distributed in large,

atomic age will bring may make peace more horrible conveniently grouped hours, days, weeks, and even than war. We face the dreadful prospect of hour years (for our 16,000,000 persons now in retirement),

after hour, even day after day with nothing to do."Bewhat will it mean to America and to you? The ancause of his concern for the way many Americans swer lies with the home to a greater extent than

use their leisure, he goes on to say: "After we have with any other agency in our society.

read all the comic books, traveled all the miles, seen If the researchers are right when they say that 70 all the movies, and drunk all the liquor we can stand, percent of all hobbies are taught in the home by the what shall we do then?"parents and that 95 percent of all hobbies are begun

The late Harlow Shapely, famed astronomer, was before a person leaves high school, the responsibility greatly concerned with the problem of leisure when of the family unit in teaching for living with leisure he listed boredom along with a pandemic plague, is obvious. On the other hand, we know what hapworld warfare with superweapons, sexually debilitatpens when the family does not accept this responsiing dope, and the genius maniac as the five great bility. The Gluecks are able to predict with 95

threats to mankind. percent accuracy, by determining family cohesiveness,

Yes, we have leisure, and we're going to have even whether or not children will ever face a juvenile court.

more of it. Leisure in and of itself is neither good Is yours one of the families where family fun comes

nor bad. Its value lies in what each individual just by accident? Surely family activities can be

chooses to do with it. Leisure provides the only planned better than that.

opportunity many persons will have to reap the Where are you when you have the "time of your satisfactions they seek in life. For the majority of life"? Do you usually have more fun at home or away

Z80 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA from home? Does your family have its best time as degree, by our Father in heaven. Most parents

a group or as individuals away from home with express a willingness to do all that ought to be done the crowd? for their children, yet there are many failures. If

Startling answers were obtained not long ago from problems were merely personal or private, they would a poll taken among two thousand young people in be serious enough, but failure in the home becomes one of our midwestern states. Eightysix percent of failure in the neighborhood, in the nation, and in

the boys and 83 percent of the girls said they had the world.

more fun away from home. Most of them added they Family ties must be strengthened if individuals and

wished more fun were provided at home. society are to enjoy the blessings of peaceful and

In today's changing times, the home is increasabundant life. Family recreation in the home will

ingly neglected because so many activities which strengthen these ties. To neglect the fellowship and

were at one time confined to the home have become play needs of the family is to neglect a vital part of broader in scope. Perhaps it is not desirable or living. It has been shown repeatedly that maladjustpossible to return to the home all of the activities ment in children and in many parents, too, decreases

which were formerly there. However, as members as family fun and fellowship increase.

of any religious group which is interested in the Yet, many parents feel that good parents are those welfare of others, we believe that factors which who provide "good things"for their children—books,

influence the development of character and the formbikes, piano lessons, clothes, television, sports equiping of moral and social standards ought to be found ment, and cars. Sometimes they forget, in their

in the home. Recreation is one of these factors. concern for tangible "things,"that fun times and

Recreation always has been significant in the lives happy experiences are the childhood memories most of healthy human beings. The Church of Jesus likely to influence and remain with their children.

Christ of Latterday Saints has emphasized and enYou don't inherit a child's love; you earn it. You

couraged recreation more probably than any other earn it by giving unselfishly of yourself. Blood kinorganization. In the early days of its organization ship alone will not hold people together, as shown

wholesome fun was sponsored by the Church. Brigby the countless lonely parents who have grown old

ham Young saw great value in recreation and giving "things"to their children only to find that counseled the Saints that if they could not find time their children have grown away from them. Families

for recreational pursuits, they should make the time. who enjoy reunions in later years are those who

The atmosphere of enjoying life in all its parts planted the seed of family unity in childhood, who begins in the home. Home should always be the worked, worshiped, and played together.

center, the motivation of the complete life. Children Family recreation like Christian living should not

sent into the home are precious gifts from God, but be confined to one day a week only. Although it is

they are also a responsibility for which parents are true that one day each week, special above the other held accountable by civil law and, to an even greater days, should be set (Continued on page 305)

APRIL 1963 281 The Family and Lifelong Learning

BY HAROLD GLEN CLARK

DEAN, ADULT EDUCATION AND EXTENSION SERVICES, BYU

Lucky is the boy or girl born into a home where that the grace of God will attend us? Do you have a

selfdirected learning is encouraged early and is library suited to all ages that is used constantly in exemplified by mother, father, brothers, and sisters. your home?

The real test of education is whether members of 2. Do you believe that the true end of all education

the family have taken the initiative in changing their is using your education in service to God and behavior for good. fellow men?

We learn something only to the degree that we 3. Do you take pride in thinking through a problive it. Some of the most significant learning takes lem? Do you believe in independence of mind and

place out of school and at all stages of our life. Selfaction, the dignity of personality, and responsible

education, where the learner plays an active role, free agency for every member of the family?

should begin in the home. Qnce established, it is the 4. When the members have free time, do they use

most significant type of education when contrasted it as an opportunity for creative tasks? Is time on

with the relatively passive role of attending a class your hands a burden or an opportunity to make new for credit or following assignments imposed by others. friends, gain new interests, and invent and build?

When a girl or boy is encouraged to take the initia- 5. Do you believe in a balance of mind, spirit, and

tive for learning, when a parent sets the example in body? Do you enjoy the fine arts, stirring poetry,

clarity of thought, when every family member has a museums, drama, music, and fields other than your curious mind about God and his wonderful world, daily work?

then the family has its feet firmly upon the pathway 6. Do you believe that alertness and an inquiring,

of lifelong learning. believing mind may be acquired at an early age and

On the Union Station in Washington, D.C., is this retained and added to throughout life?

inscription: "He who would bring back the wealth 7. Do you believe that the mind and spirit need

of the Indies must carry the wealth of the Indies with exercise and that reading, travel, stimulating converhim. So it is in traveling, if a man would bring back sation, letter writing, memorizing poems and scripknowledge, he must carry knowledge with him."tures, and doing genealogical research promote

The knowledge which will set a child or an adult intelligent growth all through life?

in the way where he will find rich meaning in all he The family that encourages creative learning and sees and hears is the knowledge that God our Father the joy of discovery and invention will build a family made the world and all that is in it. This knowledge togetherness not found in homes where passive learnwill help create a burning desire to learn more of ing takes precedence over selfdirected learning.

him and his world. If we have acquired faith and Max Lerner said: "At the risk of shocking some

know how to think in early youth, we will learn more people, I would like to say that a home without books as we travel through each day. and ideas can be almost as bad for a child as a broken

Education is often interpreted by the family as home, an alcoholic home, or a criminal home, because so many courses taken in school. The person with it leaves a vacuum into which rush corrupting values."

credits or a degree is more educated than the person Lucky indeed is the home where children are without such. What is your belief about the sigsurrounded with an environment which helps them

nificance of learning which may take place in the choose what and how to think. These children will

home, in travel, and on the job, and at all ages of like their home and always bless it because it blessed the life of man? them and filled the vacuum with wholesome values.

Your answer to this and the following questions What is true of the children is true of Dad and Mom may help you assess your belief in lifelong learning: in their fifties, sixties, and seventies. If either does

1. Does your family believe that if we teach one not have an inquiring, eager mind by the time he is

another "words of wisdom"out of the best books fifty, the rocking chair blues will catch up with him.

282 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA He will live in the past, and finally corrupting interYet they know the new theories. Having sought first

pretations will make him old. the kingdom of heaven, many things are added

Few of us will die in the kind of world into which unto them.

we were born. This is because knowledge is being The Lord after telling his people in this generation

poured out upon this generation as the water covers to "teach one another the doctrine of the kingdom,"the mighty deep. Tremendous improvements in comgoes on to point out other things which are expedient

munication and transportation, the rise of automation, for us to understand. He refers to them as "things

and the new chemistry, for example, make the old both in heaven... and under the earth... the wars

landmarks fall. It is easy to be left behind lonely and perplexities of the nations... a knowledge also

and frustrated as the sum total of our knowledge in so of countries and of kingdoms."(D&C 88:79.) We

many fields doubles each decade. The family that would do well as a family to obtain this broad under-

"keeps up,"holding onto the eternal knowledge which standing. Who knows what new discoveries may

does not change, but adapting and applying this make our vocation obsolete in a few short years?

knowledge to a changing world, is a happy family. Wide interests bring ready adaptation to change. We

They are in charge of their personalities. They are do not concentrate all of our attention on one subnot tossed to and fro by the kind of knowledge which ject area alone.

may be partially or completely obsolete in ten years. President Brigham Young warned us about this in

APRIL 1963 283 his characteristic forthrightness in the Journal of spiritual truths.

Discourses (2:9394), "Shall I sit down and read One mother when asked, "What did you learn from

the Bible and the Book of Mormon, and the Doctrine those BYU teachers that helps you?"replied, "I learned

and Covenants all the time?'says one. Yes, if you that there are ten other constructive things I can do beplease, and when you have done, you may be nothing sides getting angry at my teenager."Resourceful peobut a sectarian, after all. It is your duty to know ple are hopeful people. They are needed everywhere.

everything upon the face of the earth in addition to We are moving into a world of everincreasing reading those books."specialization. We cannot live without the specialists

This plea for a wholeness of truth pervaded the and their contributions to family life. But fragmentaheart and mind of the Prophet Joseph Smith at the tion of knowledge brings great dangers to balanced

beginning of this dispensation when he hired Prowholesome living. The family needs the mountaintop

fessor Sexias for $300 to teach the Hebrew language view where they can see the whole man in a wholein the Prophet's home and in the Kirtland Temple. ness of truth. The family which does not achieve

This Godgiven spirit of wanting to know comes into balance cannot understand its problems. The family

the heart of every true Latterday Saint. In addition which cannot appreciate the wisdom and insights of

to the informal learning opportunities offered by the the ages as expressed in the great works of literature, home, the Primary, classes in priesthood, Sunday the arts and science, is a family in trouble. The

School, MIA, and Relief Society, the adults go to narrowness of specialization is a good reason for classes taught by schools of higher learning. For continuous learning.

example, in 1962, 65,000 adult Latterday Saints took The great dream of democracy is a government some kind of credit or sequence of courses or lectures which will provide an environment where the family from Brigham Young University. While this is a good will not only be free but build a society which is as

comparative record, it is small when compared to great as they have power to make it. The same is true

what can and will be when the halfmillion adults of of the kingdom of God which is a patriarchal or the Church take advantage of the great adventures in family government. We must lift each other and

learning which await them. In 1961 fifty million move together. Sensitivity to our responsibility to

adults in the United States took adult education participate in state and church government requires courses, according to the office of education. This is intelligent voters who choose and support wise

a marked increase over the previous decade, and it leaders. Only an informed family is worthy of good

shows a growing interest in continuing education, but government; only faithful, intelligent citizens are

this is only a beginning of what it should and will be worthy of freedom.

when we are fully awake to the opportunities before us. One final reason why the family should be the

Last year five hundred Latterday Saints went to seedbed of lifelong learning is that the climax of

Europe or on an aroundthe-world BYU Travel Study family living, the golden years of life, should be filled program. They saw peoples and cultures and came with grandpas and grandmas who are useful and who

home with new appreciations. Now they read of feel wanted because they are prepared for these

"the perplexities of nations"with intimacy and new "best years of life."Too often these years turn out to

insights. Four thousand engaged in personalized study be anticlimactical.

through correspondence study. Two thousand found Great leaders in the Church and in the nationself-improvement and/or advancement on the job, many in their seventies and eighties—bear witness to

through evening schools. Ten thousand attended the importance of their dynamic attitude toward

short courses and discussion groups for special realifelong learning. For these men and women there are

sons in specialized subject areas. not enough hours in the day or strength in their bodies

One of the most thrilling and everexpanding advento keep pace with their young minds and spirits.

tures in learning has been the BYU Education Week, There is much unfinished business—many unfulfilled

formerly called Leadership Week. In 1962 in large dreams—ever widening interests which must be

and small towns in western America, breadwinnerstaken up on the morrow. For these men and women

mothers, fathers, businessmen, farmers, and workers the older years are the climax for which all previous from many fields, numbering more than 26,000—sat welllived years have prepared them. This is lifelong

at the feet of great teachers learning secular and learning and family living at its best.

284 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Before you... investigate buy

BY JOSIE S. VINCENT

INSTRUCTOR, DEPT. OF HOUSING AND HOME MANAGEMENT, BYU

# "Modern equipment, designed to take the drudgery when you go shopping. It is a good idea to keep an

out of homemaking, has revolutionized household equipment reference file on buymanship information.

tasks—this is a pushbutton world where the equip- 3. Make a comparison of several brands so that you

ment does the work."1 The rapid technological adare aware of the features available on the market.

vances of recent years have produced an overwhelming Don't buy the first one you see. All equipment must

array of household appliances and even more revolumeet a definite standard for basic construction, but tionary changes can be expected in the future. "Since you should note the various materials, the workmaneach major appliance represents a sizable investment, ship, size and shape of the appliance. You will find

its purchase should be considered both separately and that each brand has a number of models, but generas it relates to equipment you may now own or ally, the basic construction of all models is the same.

plan to buy."2 The difference among models will consist mainly of

Since few families need or can afford to buy every size and special features. Some special features are

new piece of equipment that comes on the market, valuable servants; others are mainly gadgets that are

everyone in the family should share in deciding what put on for show. Evaluate special features in terms

to buy. This calls for thoughtful planning and study of needs, added cost, and the time and energy they

by the family before the purchase is made. Here will save.

are ten steps for wise buying: 4. Select the right dealer. He should be well-

1. Weigh and evaluate your needs and wants in established in the community and have a reputation

terms of your family's present and future values and for standing behind his merchandise. It is important

goals. The young family will need to buy basic that he understands the construction, installation,

equipment first such as a range, refrigerator, washing operation, and care of the appliances he sells. He

machine, or vacuum cleaner. A family with small should have a good service department that gives

children may find a washing machine a real necessity. prompt and dependable service. As equipment beFor some families, a freezer may be a valuable piece comes more automatic the service department becomes

of equipment. It should save money if a great deal more important. Remember this! The right dealer

of homegrown and homebaked food is frozen or if to buy from is the one who earnestly tries to serve the family buys food for future use when the you best, who shows by the words and actions of price is low. his sales people that he wants you to be a customer

2. Develop your own buying guide. Find out the of his store, rather than just to quickly sell you his

desirable features to look for in the piece of equipequipment and then forget you.

ment you plan to buy. You can get this information 5. Choose a reliable manufacturer who will stand

from a variety of sources: articles in newspapers and behind your dealer if an appliance should fail to

magazines, advertisements, consumer service booklets, perform satisfactorily. Pick a manufacturer who over

businesssponsored publications, government bulletins, a period of years has earned the reputation of proand books and pamphlets written by authorities in the ducing quality merchandise and has carried out the field of household equipment. Your appliance manuterms of his guarantees.

facturer, dealer, and serviceman, home economists of 6. Select your appliance for safety. As you shop

utility companies, and other homemakers who have look for the following seals of approval: UL seal on

used the appliance will be able to supply you with electrical equipment and the AGA or blue star seal valuable information. Summarize the information on gas equipment. In the United States the Underthat you have gathered by making a check list of the writer's Laboratory, Inc., seal means that the equipimportant buying points you will want to look for ment was tested when it was developed, and it is

Household Finance Corporation, "Money Management, Your Equipchecked periodically by the factory for fire, casualty,

Dollar,"ment 1953 Edition. and electrical safety. (Continued on page 292) Edition. Hhid., 1963

APRIL 1963 285 Your Values Become You held community sanction for three their earthly experience? When a

centuries suddenly seem evanescent, teenage daughter reports that she and other concepts of equal worth in must get married is that the time (Continued from page 260) building character have not taken to teach standards of morality?

hold. This interregnum between When a son has been caught in

the secure, comfortable system of petty thievery is that the time to do everything except bathe the the past and what is to evolve in the teach him how to earn and use his baby, no animals to feed, no chores future is a period of instability. own money and pay his way? When

to do, convenience foods to heat and Your values become you. When does one get ready for a mission

eat, and every member of the family and how does this happen? Does call? For his life's work? For margoing in a different direction from one wait until children are old riage? For old age? Overwhelmthe others, have brought blessings enough to investigate for themselves ing evidence points to infancy as the

and calamities to modern family livto teach them about the meaning of time when the training should begin.

ing. Longtested home values that eternal life and the significance of Great teachers such as Buddha,

Confucius, Plato, Socrates, and scores of others have taught this truism. Ancient Hebrew prophets

taught it, and one gave explicit dihis words: TO BEGIN AND GET GOING rectionsare about the process. Here

"And thou shalt love the Lord thy

God with all thine heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy might.

"And these words, which I comthee this day, shall be in mandedRICHARD L. EVANS thine heart:

"And thou shalt teach them diliLast week we spoke of the restlessness with routine; with the daily round gently unto thy children, and shalt

of things that must be done of which our lives are mostly made; and of the talk of them when thou sittest in

patience required for preparation—in short, of being faithful in a few things thine house, and when thou walkest

before being trusted with many more. Few people in a long or a short by the way, and when thou liest

lifetime start and go in a predetermined direction without any detour or down and when thou risest up.

delay. But sometimes young people become discouraged because of the "And thou shalt bind them for a

difficulties of making decisions, the difficulties of knowing what they want sign upon thine hand, and they shall to be, what they want to do, and because of interruptions and uncertainties, be as frontlets between thine eyes.

and fear of failure. But it shouldn't be so. On this subject we would "And thou shalt write them upon

quote some understanding sentences written more than threescore years the posts of thine house and on thy since, just in case the present generation would feel that such problems gates."(Deuteronomy 6:5-9.)

were peculiar to our particular time: "Few begin with anything like a This scriptural advice suggests the

clear view of what they want to do,"said this source, "and the fortune use of four languages:

different in a that they very have from seek which formthey come may of the feelings language The.. sincerely successful] are in are those arekept view. [Those who who of language words The

... all failures. risk those paralyzed atnot one on put While. by who of language example The

venture, and, losing, weakly surrender, never accomplish anything worth The language of reminders living for. Failures, [problems, interruptions] enter into the natural

expectation of everybody.... Everything depends on how we take our "These words shall be in thine

is the heart language of earnestly heart"—the to delays].[disappointments always ought be and We

feelings. of the the language One it. cause,""Nothing purpose pursue"engaged 2 to have.. af'1good and in a good

is more unworthy of a wise man,"said Plato, "or ought to trouble him cannot teach anything that is not in more, than to have allowed more time for trifling, and useless things, the heart. One must believe in an

than they deserved."3 The plain fact is, restated for all of us, and espeidea or principle or value so imcially for those younger in years: It is not given to any of us to see the plicitly that it is part of him before

end from the beginning, but we have to begin, we have to decide, we he can teach it to others. It is imfool possible to a child by using get going. to accept to choose a have have to good goal, andhave we We

tell story a different words that from interruptions, in prayerful delays; detours, the thethe unavoidable to be

decision, patient, persistent, persevering in preparation. "Few begin with that which is in one's heart; from the

anything like a clear view of what they want to do,"1 but we have to choose moment of birth, children are sensi- a good objective, and have the faith to prepare, to follow through—to be tive to the language of the feelings—

faithful in the small things, of which the larger ones are mostly made. the most potent of all languages.

The language of words reinforces

Editorial, The Independent, August 1898. the first language and must be used

2D&C 58:27. frequently and in various types of

3Plato. situations in order to teach values

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Columbia that will have lifelong significance.

Broadcasting System, January 13, 1963. Copyright 1963. The prophet said, "Thou shalt teach

286 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA these words diligently unto thy chilgo on from there; a "culture quake"but the remnant heard his words

dren when thou sittest in thine such as we are now experiencing and took their job seriously, putting house... and when thou liest down calls for similar treatment. The into practice the values of eternal

and when thou risest up;"and we great prophet Isaiah faced such a life and teaching them diligently

could add, "And when preparing a problem at the beginning of King unto their children. That remnant

meal, when washing the walls, Uzziah's reign in 740 BC. The peohas continued to this day.

when painting the house, when ple of Judah were shaken loose from Your values become you. What

cleaning the yard, when raking the their accustomed ways of thinking do you want your life to be ten leaves, when freezing ice cream, and and their values were woefully years or fifty years from now? What

when doing a thousand other home mixed up. The prophet was cometernal effect do you want your life

tasks."If you believe that time for missioned to go out and warn the to have on the generations to come?

training in the understanding of people and find the remnant to carry Your answers will indicate whether values is vital, "work projects can beon the Hebrew value system of the you are of the remnant or of come very meaningful and have purpast. The masses did not listen, the masses.

pose beyond just getting a job done.

This doesn't mean that there are not times when it is wise to have store biscuits; the point is that the home is

the finest laboratory in the world for MISTAKES AND LESSONSteaching eternal values, and they I THE SPOKENare caught more than taught. The WORD i LEARNED

numerous situations that the home provides are means through which indirect and subtle instruction about family values can be given. In breadRICHARD L. EVANS

making, for example, one sees the process from beginning to end and catches a thrill of accomplishment It would surely seem to be an understatement to say that all of us make and satisfaction impossible to remistakes—mistakes sometimes followed by real regrets—regrets for things

ceive from store biscuits. While makwe wish we had said or done or wish we hadn't said or done. And since

ing the bread, values important to we make mistakes, we may find ourselves carrying on a conversation with the Mormon way of life are learned. our conscience, sometimes justifying, sometimes rationalizing, sometimes trying to talk down the uneasy inner accusations, or sometimes going to

The language of example comes the other unfortunate extreme of assuming that there is nothing we can "as thou walkest by the way."Elders do about what we have done or have failed to do, and resigning ourteach children by demonstrating, selves to the mistakes we may have made. But neither selfjustification

guiding, directing, and setting the nor resigned hopelessness is wholesome. The only acceptable way lies

pattern for making decisions about between these two: facing up to the facts and doing something about

dayto-day issues. In very deed, them; improving, repenting. It seems a significant thing that the Lord

what they do speaks louder than God gave us the principle of repentance. He surely must have known

what they say. that we would need it. And he surely wouldn't have given us the principle

The language of reminders: "Thou if he hadn't been willing to accept our sincere repentance. This, in itself,

shalt bind these words for a sign seems hopefully significant. Within the limits of this imperfect life, there

upon thine hand, and they shall be will likely always be some regrets. And no matter what decisions we

as frontlets between thine eyes."make or fail to make we often wonder what would have happened if we

Phylacteries were reminders for the had done differently. But we can't go back. And it is worse than wasteful

ancient Hebrews; these small leather to waste life away on vain regrets, idle regrets, regrets from which we do

cases protected inscriptions denoting not learn, regrets that do nothing for us for the future. From any mistake

laws to be obeyed, and they were we should learn a lesson. If not, there is no peace, no progress. "Let not

worn about the head or on the wrist, sleep fall upon thy eyes,"said Pythagoras, "till thou hast thrice reviewed and sometimes around the neck. the transactions of the past day. Where have I turned aside from rectitude?

"Thou shalt write these words upon What have I been doing? What have I left undone, which I ought to

the posts of thine house and on thy have done?"1 "Inspect the neighborhood of thy life,"said Jean Paul

gates."Thus the home was also a Richter, "every shelf, every nook of thine abode."2 "There is no greater

reminder. Our values today are delight,"said Mencius, "than to be conscious of sincerity of selfexamina-

indicated by the clothes we wear, tion."3 All of us would well do such sincere selfsearching, and from any

the food we eat, and by the place mistakes, see that there is a lesson learned, so that regrets may not be we call home. These reminders of hopeless, useless; so that there may be peace, repentance, and progress

the LDS way of life are rooted for the future.

deeply if seeds are planted early and nurtured through the growingPythagoras (582500 BC), Greek philosopher.

writer. Prul Richter (17631826), 2Jean German years.up

sage. 3Mencius, Chinese BC), Works, (385289

there is an earthquake, vicWhen tims take a serious look at what "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Columbia happened, pick up the pieces, and Broadcasting System, January 20, 1963. Copyright 1963.

APRIL 1963 287 NEW AMERICAN $100.PAYS WEEKLY.

TO YOU THOUSANDS OF READERS DRINKING WHO KNOW THAT AND SMOKING ARE HARMFUL!

You do not drink or smoke... so why pay premiums for those who do?

all do. Here's you world. the your Choose for those hospital penalty pay the Why

addition other in own! to any right. We inpay at the application the Fill out drink or smoke? who carry. insurance we you And Enclose the amazingly low rates! pay Notice

Every day you pick up the paper you direct to you in cash... tax free! it in an envelope and mail to American

read more evidence that drinking and We send out our payments to you Air Temperance Associates, Box 131, Liberty - smoking can shorten life. Because they Mail Special so you have cash in hand ville, Illinois. Upon approval, you will get

are among America's leading health probfast. And there is no limit on the numyour policy promptly by mail, and coverlems—leading to cancer, heart trouble, ber of times you can collect. age begins at noon on the effective date

sinus trouble, liver trouble and many of your policy. No salesman will call.

they're a prime other diseases—

hospitalizarates most the high premium cause of 2) We cover all sicknesses Don'tpeople delay!enter hospitals.Every dayAnyalmostday, 50,000one of

tion plans charge. But why should you pay and accidents. them could be you. Protect yourself bethe price for those who drink or smoke? Your policy covers you for every confore it's too late!

You no longer have to! Here's why. ceivable kind of accident and sickness

except pregnancy; any act of war or

Our rates are based militarytions; or hospitalizationservice; preexistingcaused bycondiuse

on your superior health of liquor or narcotics. Everything else

possibly could to that happen you HospiTemperance American new The You'll as never be protected is MONEYBACK drinkers is offered to talization not Plan low rates! amazingly covered.before—at rates high of the smokers, because and GUARANTEE

a whole cause. bring you they can We

new set of rates that are unbelievably 3) Other benefits for loss within Read over your policy carefully.

your good because they're based on low 90 days of accident Ask your minister, lawyer and nonsmoker. health and as a nondrinker

Also, your American Temperance premi- (as described in policy) doctor to examine it. Be sure it

ums can never be raised because you grow provides exactly what we say it for accidental cash $2,000 claims. a Only older or have We pay too many

for loss of does. Then, if for any reason at death. cash pay $2,000 could rate adjustment general We up or down

affect your low rates! And only you can one hand, one foot, or sight of one eye. all you are not 100% satisfied,

for loss cash $6,000 pay cancel your policy. We cannot. We of both just mail your policy back to us

feet. eyes, hands, or both both

will imwithin days and 30 we HERE ARE YOUR AMERICAN entire premediately refund your We invite close comparison TEMPERANCE PLAN BENEFITS with any other plan. mium. No questions asked. You

.. 1) You receive $100 weekly There really is no other plan like ours. can gain thousands of dollars

even for life But compare our rates with others for you risk nothing.

similar coverage. Discover for yourself

The very day you enter a hospital you what you save. And remember, there is

begin to get $100 a week cash... as no limit on how long you stay in the hoshospitalized, as limit long are even for pital, on age, no no you limit on the nummmmmfrWrmrWrWrWrrWriirWmi life! collect! lawfully operated in times ber of any can you Good

zee THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TEMPERANCE PUN LIFE!EVEN FOR

Here at last is a new kind of hospitalization plan for nondrinkers and nonsmokers only! The rates are fantastically low because

"poor risk"drinkers and smokers are excluded. And because your

health is superior... there is absolutely no age limit, no physical

examination, no waiting period. Only you can cancel your policy..

and no salesman will ever call! Starting from the very first

day you enter any hospital...

SEND FOR YOUR POLICY NOW BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE!

121 APPLICATION TO IMPORTANTCHECKFIRSTTHIEPREMIUMBELOWWITHMID APPLICATIONINCLUDE TOUR!i PIONEER LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, ROCKFORD, ILLINOIS

FOR AT300 LOOK AT THESE AMERICAN TEMPERANCE HOSPITALIZATION POLICY

Name (PLEASE PRINT) AMERICAN TEMPERANCE LOW RATES

Street or RD # Pay Monthly Pay Yearly

City.Zone..County..StateAge Date of Birth,

Month Day Yaar Each child 18 $080

Occupation..Height..Weight and under pays Beneficiary. Relationship. 2 28

I also apply for coverage for the members of my family listed below:

NAME AGE HEIGHT WEIGHT BENEFICIARY Each adult

1. 1964 pays $Q803 $38

Each adult $C90 To the best of your knowledge and belief, are you and all members listed above in good health 65100 pays 5 $59 or free impairment, physical disease? and No any from Yes Q

of or knowledge, best have you above listed had medical advice or your To the any member treatment, or have you or they been advised to have a surgical operation in the last five years? SAVE TWO MONTHS PREMIUM BY PAYIN6 YEARLY!

If details stating give so, please Yes person affected, cause, date, name and fully physician, recovered. and whether addressD of NoattendingD

Mail this application with your first premium to

AMERICAN Neither I nor any person listed above uses tobacco or alcoholic beverages, and I hereby apply for a policy based on the understanding that the policy does not cover conditions originating its effective prior to date, and that the policy is issued solely and entirely in reliance upon the TEMPERANCE ASSOCIATES written questions. to the answers above

Date: Signed: X- Box 131. Libertyville, Illinois

at- I AT

APRIL 1963 289

Family Hours Stunt Night how to conduct these activities and

A Family Sing other helpful material for family

A Candy Pull hours will be found in Family To- ( Continued from page 269 Making Pop Corn Balls (with getherness—Suggestions for Home

prizes in each) Nights, available at Department of

Hobby Night Extension Services, BYU.)

A Circus Party Many pleasant family experiences

Mother's Day CutOut Fun can grow out of spontaneous activity.

Father's Day Visit the ShutIn The following is a list of standard

A Night with Dickens (other Heritage Night play equipment and materials every authors family should have. Amount and

Bible Night Add to this list your favorite kind vary with the age of individ-

A FreezeIt Party things to do during the family hour. uals. Many family hours can be built

Grandparents'Night around these activities:

MakeSomething Party (Note: Detailed descriptions on

Dart board Beanbag board Sand pile A swing (rope or old tree) Chinning bar CHOOSING ALONG THE WHOLE Basketball hoop LENGTH OF LIFE Outof-doors fireplace or fire ring

Croquet set Table tennis (Pingpong) A pup tent for outof-doors sleepRICHARD I. EVANS A ingset of basic tools (jig saw)—

variety of building materials Last week we talked of mistakes, of regrets, and concluded that from Several sets of building blocks any error there should be, must be, a lesson learned, otherwise regrets (have made) will be fruitless, will fail to improve the future. Often there comes the One or more pets that require

question as to why we make mistakes. We are not here referring to the daily attention

inadvertent errors or to the constructive kind of trial and error which is An icecream freezer often so essential a part of the learning process, but rather to what might Halfdozen good commercial be called character mistakes—mistakes of principle, mistakes of appetite, games, including some puzzles

of offenses against others and against ourselves; the doing of what we know A blackboard

better than doing; choosing to do what we know we shouldn't do—in effect, A tackboard

the more deliberate, knowing kind of failure. The question is too big, too A flannelboard

complex here and now to analyze or answer, except to say that there is An easel always an "opposition in all things,"and a choice in all things, between Colored crayons right and wrong, truth and error, between selfcontrol and indulgence. A camera, movie or still; also, a

Evil is always active. Temptation is always present. And we are always projector

faced with choosing along the whole length of life, and are never safe in One or more musical instruments relaxing our alert, for there are always opposing forces pulling in different Books—to include a good set of

directions. And the way we go somewhat suggests the quality of charBible stories with colored picacter, our sense of values, our selfcontrol, our intelligence, our sincere tures, an LDS hymnbook, a

intent. Sometimes when people make such mistakes they offer the explanacommunity-type songbook, a vation that they thought they should sample the unsavory side, so that they riety of books on many subwould know about such things for themselves. But this is manifestly unjects—some for all ages

sound, because a priceless part of our heritage is to benefit by the mistakes An old costume chest that other men have made, by the principles that have already been proved. Play pots and pans for "mixing

And we are not wise in repeating the mistakes that other men have made. and cooking"

Whatever the answers, whatever other elements there are, this fact seems sure: that we are all, in a measure, responsible for our acts and utterances, Each family will know of other items

and that learning, improving, repenting, changing habits, conquering appewhich may well be basic to a particutites, overcoming evil, conquering error, come only with a sincere desire to lar family. Add these to this list.

to. willingness, so, only only with with wanting a the timesdo "Over thou like unity, that everything Family

..""Solelyhast said Carlyle. power. over no has quite... thou one man is to last throughout all time and

..absolute honest."1 redeem and make. power.—Him. eternity, at conmust be worked

stantly. It is not acquired on any

irrhomas Carlyle.

one day or at any set time but is "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Columbia woven into the lives of its members

Broadcasting System, January 27, 1963. Copyright 1963. all through the years without their

knowing just when or how.

290 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Super service for supermarket items over Union Pacific..

CHICAGO

ST. LOUIS

Almost everything you find in a supermarket—frozen,

canned, fresh or dried—even the fixtures and equipment,

are regularly shipped by rail.

The savings and convenience you enjoy at your local markets or other stores—and the sales and profits for the merchant,

manufacturer, processor or grower—are made possible by

today's distribution methods.

Union Pacific is an important link in the nation's distribution system. Electronically controlled traffic and communications Travelliner. Superbrelaxedmeals.in an airconditionedLiberal baggage Domeallow-

help move these products to market and to you. ance. Family Fares. Convenient schedules.

Whenever you ship in or through the West, be specific, route Union Pacific. UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD

APRIL 1963 291

Let's Improve Our Family in the path of open communication. improve and the end result will be

rid of these better. Is the reward worth the risk?Communications How can they get

blocks—presuming that they really Guidepost 3. Build a climate of

( Continued from page 272 want to? People and situations are trust and understanding. By our

complex and different, and there are actions and expressions let others no simple answers, but there are know that we trust them and accept argument—why don't they talk it some guideposts from which we them. Parents need to let children

over and work out a mutually agreemight build a strategy to help meet know that they will accept the able solution? Why doesn't Mary the situation: child's point of view, will listen to

tell her father how she feels? Guidepost 1. Reexamine your ashis argument, will respect his opinExperience may have taught her sumptions. We all assume things ion. More than this, the parent

that her father will not consider about others that may not be trueneeds to say, "I respect you and her point of view, or that if she but we behave as though they were trust you enough to share my real speaks up her father gets angry for true. How tragic if the assumptions feelings with you, to confide in you."

being "impertinent."She may be we hold and think are true, are Sharing begets sharing, openness

afraid that she might cry or get too really false. Mrs. G. assumes that of communication begets openness

upset, or it could be she has never if she tells her husband how she from others.

talked over important things with feels he will "get angry and tell her Guidepost 4. Try—and learn from

her father and just doesn't know off."He may have done that once the trying. As we take a risk and

how. Perhaps she thinks her father five years ago, and she assumes he make a new trial, we may make

will punish her by taking away all is still like that. Mary assumes that mistakes. Our communication may

of her car privileges—or even worse, if she tries to talk to her father he be misunderstood, but each trial can

give her the "cold, silent treatment"will get angry and punish her, but be seen as a learning experience—

accompanied with that hurt "howmaybe he won't. Wouldn't both we have learned what not to do.

couldyou-dothis-tome"look. Mrs. G. and Mary do better to asPerhaps next time will be better. If

And the father—why doesn't he sume that the husband or father others know we are really trying to

talk this all over with his daughter loves them, wants to have a good do better, this may enhance the instead of just telling her? Surely relationship, and if approached in climate, lessen the risk, and make

he can see (from the silent signals) love and kindness will respond with the next attempt easier and more that she is upset. It could be that love and understanding? successful.

he thinks that children should obey Guidepost 2. Take a risk. In a Guidepost 5. Keep talking. The

parents—not talk back. After all, sense this is the old adage, "Nothing easiest thing to do when our comthat's how he was raised by his ventured, nothing gained."When we munication is misunderstood or profather. Or perhaps he fears a tearopen the communication channels, duces the wrong result is to lapse

ful scene and to give the order and we sometimes risk the possibility into silence, to avoid the issue or retreat behind the newspaper is just that the other person may get upset, pretend it was never said. Usually

easier, and less time consuming. angry, and may feel hurt or resentwe have to clear the communication

So the father and daughter do not ful, but we are also risking * the by adding more communication—in

talk because each has roadblocks possibility that the situation will the right kind of climate.

Before you buy... investigate that the major operating parts are tion book."

guaranteed by the manufacturer and 9. & 10. Use and care for the

properly. equipment These go hand dealer authoror his long your ( Continued from page 285 how

will in will, hand. Your satisfaction service ized without agent

charge, make any adjustment to keep depend upon your willingness to

The CSA, or Canadian Standards Asthe appliance functioning properly. learn to use and care for the equipsociation, is a similar seal used in A clear understanding of the guarment properly so that you will be as

Canada. The American Gas Assoantee and service before you buy happy with your purchase in a year

ciation seal in the United States can save unpleasantness and disapor ten years from now as you were means that gas equipment has pointment later. the day you bought it.

passed the minimum requirements 8. Ask for a book of instructions Remember that "efficient use of

of performance, construction, and and read it carefully before you use equipment includes the correct sesafety established by the gas industry the appliance. This book has been lection, arrangement, operation and

under the direction of the American carefully prepared by a trained care of appliances so that the homeStandards Association. home economist and will give you maker may accomplish the maxi-

7. Investigate the terms of your complete direction for using and mum amount of work with the

of effort in the shortest it minimum careappliance. caring guaranteeguarantee. for your the Read Keep

8 time."possible of placefully before to it any piece and refer in a handy you buy

equipment. Make sure you underoften. It may save you an expensive

stand the service to which you are service call. As the old saying goes, Household;lLouise JenisonEquipment,Peet 5thand Edition,Lenore (NewSater Thye,York:

entitled. Find out the length of time "If all else fails read your instrucJohn Wiley and Sons, Inc.) 1961, p. vii.

292 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA hot tip on A the stork market

A new baby is one of the world's best investYOU GET THE BEST IN BUSINESS INSURANCE ments—in warmth and love and happiness. And, FROM FARMERS. If you are in business, look into

like all investments, it should receive the best Farmers commercial insurance. Farmers writes

protection you can provide. special policiesfor all kinds of business—each

Farmers Insurance Group offers young parents designed to cover the hazards and risks peculiar life insurance programs speciallytailored to the to that business.

growing family's needs and budgets and planned NOW YOU CAN PAY BY THE MONTH, IF IT'S to insure the youngsters'education and future EASIER FOR YOU. Farmers exclusive Prematic

security and your own comfortable retirement. Payment Plan lets you pay for your protection as

FARMERS OFFERS COMPLETE PERSONAL you use it—the modern, sensible way, by the month.

INSURANCE. Farmers AUTO insurance gives you Why not get the facts now

the finest coverage and superior service. Homeon the best insurance buy in owners insurance provides the best protection—

America today?

FIRE, THEFT and PERSONAL LIABILITY—for your

home and its contents. And Farmers is famous for Call your Farmers Agent for

rock bottom rates. ALL your insurance.

->i'; - '

:#V

Fast Fair Friendly Farmers Insurance Group

AUTO LIFE FIRE TRUCK COMMERCIAL

APRIL 1963 293 Teaching the Gospel in the way. Perhaps he becomes a better child, the teaching moment for this

is right, that principle neighbor. he decides Perhaps and the child'sHome

will significantly. adinsight kind in the If a he grow way he will be

dresses others. At Christmas time parent is aware of the principles of

(Continued from page 273) or other occasions he selects indithe gospel and is consciously seeking viduals who are in real need to to make them part of the lives of his position. He asks himself, "How does whom he gives gifts. children, he can find many opporthis situation appear to my child?"Teaching Moments. Some of the tunities daily to do this.

In doing so, he remembers the expegreatest opportunities to help a child Be Specific and not Abstract.

rience, knowledge, understanding, gain an understanding of the prinChildren learn in specifics and not and wisdom of his child. ciples of the gospel arise from everyin abstract generalities: for example,

Involvement. An individual is day relationships of family members. the best way to teach tolerance is by

more likely to understand a princiOn these occasions, the parents can demonstrating tolerance to others.

ple of the gospel if he, himself, is help their children to make choices. If a neighboring child has been

responsible for understanding and Often, a child will ask a parent a particularly difficult, and you as a living it. A person appreciates question. By evading the question parent invite him in to play with

tithing when he pays tithing. A or saying, "Wait a minute,"he may your children and accept him, the

person understands more completely cause the child to lose interest or teaching of tolerance will be taught the nature of baptism if he himself cause him to go to other sources in a specific and not an abstract has been baptized and realizes that to find his answer. Often, too, the manner. You may not condone

baptism is the way of coming unto some of the conduct of the neighbor the Lord, also if he has the responsichild, but your own children will bility of presenting the principle of THE PAINTED DESERT sense the love and acceptance and baptism to someone else. BY CLARA LASTER will understand much better the

Naturally, a person best underconcept of tolerance. Whether it is

stands something if he has had extolerance, honesty, love, forgiveness, perience with it. This is one reason Rainbows are growing or whatever principle may be taught,

why the Savior frequently used In Navajo lands, the more specific and concretely it is parables or stories which couched Spilling jewelcolors taught, the more effective it will be the principle in terms of the experiOver wavering sands, in the lives of children.

rocks Spiraling naked listeners. of hisence Spirit in the Lord The Home. The clay, brooding And "... if said occasion, on you one Actions. following the Consider sunlight, spectrum of A shall Spirit the not receive not ye tells hissituation: child to parent A the All day. through

( teach."42: 14. must his honest, cheats but on D&C incomebe rain beckon, clouds When in realize the that they contax, or, calls home) Parents on the someone when curl, Delicately, they

teach, to tinue they intend whether totelephone not does wish he whom desert the a part Then of not, to or imichildren for young I says, "Tellto speak, he him am world. the over Hangs

not in."Actions speak louder than Yes, rainbows are growing, tate the parents and set up their

words. If two parents are kind, conBright in the clay, own patterns of behavior on the

of their basis parents behave patient,siderate, how behavior and such desert the that's why And is effective inis them. If one toward likely their to imitated be by that Is painted way.

his acchildren understand, helping If theirchildren. are parents immature and shout at each other, it is cept, and live the principles of the

quite likely that their children will gospel, he develops in the home a follow the same pattern. situation of the moment is in the spirit of kindness, patience, and love,

Systematic Study. On many occaconsciousness of the child. By using following the. pattern the Savior

sions and for a number of years the it to increase and deepen the underwould have the family live.

leaders of The Church of Jesus standing in the mind and soul Teaching the gospel in the home

Christ of Latterday Saints have adof the child, the parent can be becomes a great opportunity for monished its members to hold a truly effective. maximizing the joy of both the parregular family hour. This can be a Suppose, for example, a child ents and the children; extending far

period in which the principles of should ask, "How can Heavenly beyond the confines of that single the gospel can be analyzed and disFather hear my prayers when so home it affects the lives of all people cussed. Such occasions can be most many are praying to him at the same touched by these family members,

meaningful if held regularly and if time?"The parent in this situation and it also has a bearing upon genthe family decides on projects that may take the child aside and talk to erations yet unborn.

deepen the understanding of a given him about how Heavenly Father It might be useful for parents to principle. Suppose, for example, knows even when a sparrow falls to take each one of the guideposts and

one were discussing the second comthe earth. He can explain the hold a family discussion concerning

mandment, loving others as much greatness of God's understanding its meaning. Following such disas we love ourselves. Each indiand knowledge, how he created all cussions the parents might then

vidual member could decide on things. Then, if the child asks decide on some ways of implementsomething that would demonstrate questions and there is an intering the guideposts in the actual

his love for others in a concrete change between the parent and dayby-day living in the home.

294 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA LUJJLHUE

00000 BEMUD 30000 NEW CONOCO ALLSEASON SUPER MOTOR OIL

MEETS EVERY OIL CHANGE REQUIREMENT OF EVERY CAR

Manufacturers of 1962 and 1963 model cars recommiles between oil changes recommended for your own mend as many as 4,000 to 6,000 miles between oil car by its manufacturer, with complete safety. In

changes. This is a grueling test for even the best summer. In winter. In slowmoving traffic or at high

motor oils. And Conoco AllSeason Super Motor Oil turnpike speeds hour after hour.

passed it... on the road... with flying colors. It's the best life insurance an engine can have...at

What does this mean if you own a pre1962 car? no increase in price. Another example why you've got

Simply this. You can go the maximum number of more going for you with the Hottest Brand Going!

'S Change to hottest brand CONOCO going!

1963, CONTINENTAL OIL COMPANY APRIL 1963 29S

All the World is a Stage tionless along her mouth. "After in the dressing room with me.

you left the summer stock company "Honey, I can't even eat like a.real..

( Continued from page 278 to marry Mike, I went to New York. human. If I did I wouldn't be

I'd rather skip the part about able to squeeze myself into this knocking on doors of agents, manstraight jacket."Her fingers outKarma Cornell?"agers, producers, and so on. Four lined her form.

The door opened suddenly, and years later I had a bit part and a During the lunch they talked there she stood. Rashell Ramone, flat on the East Eighties."about their girlhood days, and

more beautiful than Karma had ever "I want to take you someplace for their mutual friends, where they only Rashell notdreamed. was

life. talk,"their in successes and But lunch, Karma were where we can

beautiful as lean shoot as the but they the the always windowless back to said, looking comabout came of a willow.

"Karma, my darling! It is you!"dressinglike walls.room"Couldwithyouits breakcardboardaway parisontwigs hadof theirbent owntheir lives.separateHowways.the

slightly. voice trembled famousThe eyes Karma's "Redreamy. to the grew Emerald Room?"go and down

in, honey."Karma,"Come better, like I'd nothing to paraphrase used member "Karma, how we

felt the tears coming. Karma: 'All for Shakespeare's the world's sitting She just a table to words two downhadn't dreamed of such a warm and visiting over fried chicken and a stage, and all the men and women

welcome. She had practised before players; they have their exits and

in mirror, offering herthe hand their gal in her entrances one and. thisfriendship... these hugs But

If parts.'plays time I had many

kisses the cheek, she on... and had

it grade, stayed with the only made SPRING thatnever OF Rashell would SPEECH dreamed have. as you I, too, would be play-

... to remember.be would care

roles ing now."DOUGLAS BY GILEAN

"At last we're together,"Rashell murmured. "It's so good to see "Karma, darling, don't you see?

roles, playing You're many many again."you delicately spring say can."How. I. than more "It's time,"long a been Karma shout; must winds the autumn What then a on knock. sounded was Justsaid. quietly, Gently, convey you're door. the "Miss on Ramone, at long."Rashell her held "Too is all about. year the What in minutes."stage two said, soarm's "You're length and

cue, "That's sure honey. Be mypretty, so so unspoiled and... in radiant butterfly Show stay for doorshow. the The andbeautiful."bright maturity, Summers will the to reserved you show that is beautithe "You're one cry man scarlet Echo autumns

I'll section. plane catch immemyful, Rashell."tree. In a budding maple

is this after, afraid diately so I'm it is honey, "This and makeup, clings like glue. The me, beneath Pile a drift of dogwood white goodbye."

all this is... but we won't go into As the porphyry of snow, The famous Rashell Ramone

that. Tell me about my dear Karma. Point with every tyro flight was gone.

Tell me about your husband."To the way the year must go. Karma found it very exciting being

"Well, Mike is a regular guy. He ushered from behind stage to her

works very hard to keep us all seat near the curtain. She felt the

sheltered, clothed, and fed, and he eyes of many upon her, as she took helps with the children and dries her place. She was glad she had

the supper dishes. That's about all mashed potatoes, and thick, rich sp'ent the money for her new beige

there is to tell about my life. It's gravy, and two or three slices of and brown ensemble, instead of

very dull, really."bread like your mother used to wearing the old paisley dress.

"You call life dull when you have bake; then top it off with homemade Only too soon the play was over,

developing children to watch? How ice cream, and chocolate cake. Ah, and Karma found herself riding the

many little ones are there?"Rashell those were the days. But it can't bus out to the suburbs back to her

seemed genuinely interested. be done now. I've tried on occahome with Mike and the children.

"Five with little Donny."Karma sion, and I'm simply mobbed, going The bus was not crowded at this

smiled thinking about each little out in public, I mean. Karma, it's hour, and ho one she knew came to

personality. just like we dreamed long ago. occupy the seat beside her. There

"You are so lucky, Karma. These There's the name in bright lights, was time for meditation.

children are living things, something and people swarming about, and "I'm glad Rashell made the grade,"to have and to hold from here... there's excitement, but it isn't real she mused. "I sort of feel an

through eternity. You chose so living, Karma, just acting. Honey, osmosis joy in her success. Rashell

wisely."Rasheli's eyes misted. you're the one that's really living, was more friendly, more human than

"But tell me about yourself. Your and I envy you so much."I ever dreamed she would be, being

life must be so exciting,"Karma "And I envy you. If I could only so successful."Karma had wondered

queried. trade you places right today, if she would even care to remember

She watched the various memoRamone."an old friendship since she became

ries, both good and bad, make their "No, dear, you're smarter than a star. But she had remembered,

small changing tides of expression that. But back to the luncheon and welcomed her into her arms,

on Rasheli's face. A smile lay moidea. If you don't mind eating here and even bought her dinner.

296 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA What was it Rashell had said about her children? "Those children

you and Mike have are living things, something to have and to hold from here through eternity."

She had said something, too, right at the last, just before her curtain.

What was it? "Karma, darling,

you're playing many roles, many more than I."

What had she meant? Karma

thought of her own life. Was it as

simple and drab and dull and lifeless as she herself had felt it was?

She was sort of playing many roles, just as Rashell had said. Why she,

Karma Thompson, had the role of companion to Mike, the nicest guy in the world. And she had the role

of mother to five growing children.

She had the role of housekeeper, cook, nurse, buyer, manager, seamstress, and teacher.

Her whole success lay not in being passably good in one or two of these different roles, but in being highly proficient in all of them. Her

entire family's happiness and success in life, not only their lives ndw, FROM (arnation but through the coming generaTHE NEW TASTE IN HOT CEREAL!

tions, depended on how she raised deher children, the she met how Newchoice Western wheat flavor roles of all thesemands many played.she As the bus came to a stop at her Newrolled wholegrain texture corner, there was Mike waiting in the car for her. Here at last is the delicious hot cereal to sharpen

appetites tired bland of the breakthat have same leading lady?"he "How's my food, after fast brings Carnation good day! day

herself seated beside as sheasked this eating table to the back breakfast -with new him in the car. "Have a nice time?"Instant Wheat that has the deeper, richer flavor

"She actually was happy to of the golden whole grain! And the tiny rolledsee me!"flakes keep their texture right through the quick IS?TANT

"And why shouldn't she be. You cooking -for a cereal with real wholegrain goodwere friends for...."ness! 100% whole wheat, of course. And it's

"Mike it was simply wonderful, instant -cooks in 3 minutes. Next time, select

and yet it's all been more than that. the redand-white package of Carnation Instant

It's been an eye opener for me."Wheatfor the delicious new taste in hot cereal

"What do you mean?"

"Oh, it's hard to explain, but I will say this, Mike—though it may

sound sort of corny to you—I've

never been so glad to be just plain Moving to Salt Lake?

Mrs. Mike Thompson as I am this

very minute."Alben Apartments

"I don't see anything corny about NEW that."He eyed Karma again from VISIT US DURING CONFERENCE

the tip of her toes to the crown of RENTING FEBRUARY 1st her he liked what he head, and saw. 9 1 and 2 Bedroom Units, Range, Refrig., plain see about"I don't anything

Mrs. Thompson, either."Carpeting and Drapes

Mike was steering the car into the Coffee Shop, Lounge, Swimming Pool, 'driveway. He turned off the igniPutting Green, Hobby Shop

tion, then gathered Karma to him Convenient Location—Close to Bus Service

affectionately.

CATERING TO PEOPLE 60 YEARS OR OVER 1810 South Main St. Call 4868811 - EM 4-7441

APRIL 1963 297

Grandmothers and and examples of togetherness. They If she became perplexed and did

Grandfathers were early immigrants, unable to not know what to do, she would acquire worldly goods and were pray aloud so fervently, so sincerely, ( Continued from page 259 never privileged to attend schools so plaintively, that we could almost mellow. Kindness flowed from her of learning. However they underfeel that God was close beside her.

lips and was the epitome of her stood with deep conviction God's This had a tremendous impact on living. Her family—their integrity, purposes for brotherly love and forour lives.

their straightforwardness, their usegiveness. They set an hourly examWhat brings a family together? It

fulness, and their abilities—was her ple in their home of frugality, is a cohesiveness brought about by

hourly concern. She overcame her cleanliness, orderliness, and honest love and affection and sacrifice for

disappointments, her frustrations endeavor. each other. Togetherness is a cause

with a childlike faith in God, that Our grandparents invited their of affection, and affection is a cause has and will be an inspiration for children to help them, some baking of togetherness. It is a striving togenerations to come. She was a the bread, others providing the gether to reach common goals

noble, true mother. staples for daily living. As children, through working together, playing

Perhaps we did not become so we pulled the little wagon filled together, worshiping together, and intimately acquainted with our with bottles and bags of food to helping each other, unselfishly. A

grandfather. We will remember the them. Grandmother always seemed family may keep the lines of comcrook of his cane and the twinkle of to anticipate our coming. She would munication open to each other by

his eyes as he snared our small legs meet us halfway on the hill to assist being teachable and facing reality.

and drew us to him. With one arm us in the last long pull. We were We live in an expanding, growing,

about us, he would hold a confidenalways rewarded by being invited and changing world. As grandtial session which generally termito reach into the peppermint can parents we must be especially internated in his finding a dime in his and fill our small fists because she ested, able to listen, to learn, and

pocket for anxious small palms. loved and appreciated us. For our to grow. We must be flexible,

As a boy pioneer of 1847, he had supper, our grandfather would give pliant, and intelligent; willing to set

faced the difficult starvation periods, us a big white onion and a long the examples of righteousness.

the land clearing, the building of white radish that he had grown in The eternal nature of family life, many houses in many desolate areas his garden. and the eternal nature of the printo which he had been sent. His life No envy, no strife, no bitterness, ciples of the abundant life that

was that of subduing a hostile enno condemnation, or criticism ever Christ taught do not change. They

vironment for the blessing of his seemed to be breathed in their presremain constant throughout all our loved ones and his fellow men. ence. Everyone was expected to do experiences. To love God, to love

As children we shared our parhis best in honor, in honesty, and our neighbor, to do good to them ents'extreme anxiety when, as was in integrity. In the beginning grandthat despitefully use you; to be

his wont, he must come home for mother had to walk to the river for obedient to authority, to show fruChristmas. The bridge of the river, her culinary water. There was no gality, temperance, industriousness,

having been swept away, he had complaint; she was living in a land and display loving kindness are

himself strapped to the back of a of freedom, and to be free was to principles that have been tested horse that it might swim him across expand and grow. She prided herthrough the ages and continue to

the swollen stream. The integrity of self that she could look in two direcbe essential to family solidarity and

a promise was too important to be tions from her pioneer doorstep and togetherness. Each can test these

broken casually. see the homes of her six children, eternal principles according to his

How he wanted us—his posterity—all wellestablished with farms of capacities, his knowledge, and his

to be strong and true! their own, with means to earn a environment—the proper application

To my very humble grandparents living, and with church and civic of which will produce righteousness, we owe much by way of precept responsibilities. togetherness, and family solidarity.

Marriage, a Growing and ences shared together or that they would seem wise for couples to make

Becoming do not have time for each other. "courtship"one of the treasures for

Yet, Jesus taught that we always which time is religiously reserved.

time for the "treasures of have should Married life can and have(Continued from page 263) our heart."a "sparkle!"sparkle flows This from

In a fast moving world of increaspersonalities who feel loved and the best in each other, we must seek ing pressures we expect the family appreciated. Courtship means confor it and invite it to the surface. ( and, particularly the marriage parttinually providing little courtesies

This requires communicative exploner) to be understanding of the and considerations that give the ration of personalities and shared many shifts that pressures demand. partner a feeling of being appreexperiences. Many couples comToday's world doesn't allow much ciated. It doesn't matter what we

plain of a lack of pleasant experitime for spontaneous living. So, it do as long as the partner perceives

298 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA it as "consideration."To one wife,

opening the car door is a symbol of continuing courtesy. To another

woman an occasional gift or flowers,an appreciative kiss when the husbl tUIAL INSURANCE | band comes home each day, or a telephone call from him asking herfor a dinner date may be more deFOR NONDRINKERS sirable courtesies. To a man, a Over 200,000 Good Drivers, Who Don't Drink, Have This

favorite meal, a shared football game, or an extra bit of attentionmay be significant while "thank EXTRA PROTECTIONAT LOW COST you's"and compliments are always Alcohol is involved in more than one out of every four fatal lives cost accidents of Drinkdrive thousands—for traffic of appreciation tokenswonderful

in of dollars millions this year! every All injuries damage accidents.—parties.both in that insurance claims companies out pay money money and—to desired give cues Partners policyholders the Preferred that in premiums. pay must money—costs If living. dailycourtesies a wife in insures Insurance Company Risk Mutual NONDRINKERS

mentions a new hat, dress, or chance ONLY... These Preferred Risk drivers do not pay for the high

to do something different, she's cost of drinkdrive accidents, yet they have far more protection probably not complaining. She may than "standard"auto policies give.

be trying to say, "My life is so full of routine, I'd like some help in YOU GET THESE "CANCELPROTECTION"

PREFERRED RISK DISCOUNTS 5 YEAR GUARANTEE -FREE your WRIT- 5-YEAR that auto your CALICO FLOWERS loredYour toPreferredyour own Riskdrivingratessituationare tai- "CancelinsuranceTEN GUARANTEEProtection"cannot be canceledis by the companyliability because accident an you have than more—or BY ETHEL JACOBSON when one THIS PROTECIS YOUR

an accident.AGAINST CANCELLATION GET LOWERyou deserveRATES.lower rates, YOU TION—

OF EXTRA TREMENDOUS aside to at given puts no charge, you when the meadow VALUENow—BENEFIT

full receive for the acciyou Discount 25% DISCOUNT 25% dentfree driving Preferred under Eastertide Up To shawl, Risk's winter andHer driving "accidentfree"for (except Merit Plan Rating prohibited where

Finds her shedding sober brown by state law.)

For a gaily patterned gown. PIUS 10% DISCOUNT whoHundredsdon't ofdrink,thousandsare enjoyingof goodthesedrivers,extra

Fivespot mallows spread and grow If you drive a compact car protections at low cost. If you don't drink,

To fashion skirts of calico youDrivers."belong"with this group of Preferred

Crisply printed, swirling wide, And 25% DISCOUNT on "second"car when more PREFERRED RISK MUTUAL

Fresh and bright for Eastertide. than one car is insured with auto insurance is valid and effective in

Preferred every state of the United States.

FAST CLAIM SERVICE Your Personal Quotation helpful are claims menmaking it seem more interesting—Experienced, on NO COST - NO OBLIGATION

in the anywhere a day, call 24 hoursmaybe a new dress, maybe a chance United States. If a Preferred Risk agent is not listed in your

to visit with friends, or maybe just need.You can rely on fast help in case of telephonequotation directory,of rates. useThisthisis notcouponan orderfor youror

a chance to go somewhere with you."application.

By observing our partner more careSEE YELLOW LOCAL AGENT CALL YOURfully listening creatively and we USE THIS—COUPON OR PAGES be- >

desires of inner awarecome which creative interaction should feed. Our CC23

ability to follow through in providINSURANCE CO.

ing satisfactions for such inner needs 150 So. 4th E., Salt Lake City, Utah, Dept. 463

gives us a very special opportunity to Please send me, without obligation, complete information on your automobile insurance for Total Abstainers.

feed "sparkle"into our relationship. I am a total abstainer, and have had no accidents for the past 3 [J or 5 Q years, (check one)

If more than mediocrity is desired in a marital relationship, each partName Address driver'sI have hadlicensemy ner must be dedicated to search for City State years.

as "sparkle"contributeand * much,aken No. of Cars in Family as Occupation driver'havepossible. as as honest Being pos-

- No Year No. of cyls course trainingD Yes a Make of Car Modelsible, listening, creative honest and

Auto My Owner establish help Car Is Usedcommunication an Insurance of This Car MYSELF PRINCIPALDRIVER ALL1. OTHER2. DRIVERS3. Expires: Business "sparkle"atmosphere can in which Q for: BIRTHCircle DATE Month Pleasurethrive. Courtship should begin with

"I do"and blossom throughout eterTo and from work SEX Day nity. Marriage as a "growing and...miles one way MARRIED Year

becoming one"opens the heartAmerica'sNot availablefirstin NewTotalYork, Abstainer'sNew Jersey, Massachusetts,AutomobileNorthInsuranceCarolina, or CompanyVirginia.

strings from which love swells and encompasses all. AGENCY INQUIRIES INVITED

APRIL 1963 299

Living with Children of understanding too little and exwhich we seek to teach them pecting too much. through our own integrity and clarMuch trouble comes from overity. Only with inward consistency

( Continued from page 277 expectations. We expect the whole can we develop a child's character,

adventure of having a family to be and it is a continuous process. It

we realize how common and usual consistently more perfect than it can comes out of an impetus which the they are, we will find ourselves possibly be. This is one type of child himself feels in response to our

chilfeeling, right our teaching expect overexpecting. an impeand We less. should, as aworrying We

all calls to to forth dren, the urge tus which little and big, live up to do seresult, comfortable, grow more his best. of sorts which standards are many certain.cure, can be freer and We

all far times but above beyond us, The development of goodness and ourselves. at As one withand feel

a result, the spontaneous interaction and most devastating—we expect strength is the development of life

which we can then have with our ourselves to be model parents, and character. This is our function

children should lead us to the creatures of quiet and calm. as parents.

achievement of a richer, fuller, more We need desperately to underAs we try to provide the best kind accepting way of living with chilstand ourselves a great deal better; of guidance and training for our

dren; and as a result, we should be and we need to understand a great children, our main goal should be to

able to meet our responsibility of deal more about the processes by arrange circumstances which surparenthood by helping our children round the child in such a way that it for rather to than is easy hard him undergenerousdevelop and wise WINDS learn. to help attempt our As we a sturdierstanding and to become RASEY BY JEAN children learn improved and/or new future.part of the

of living, to need be aware we Expectations, Reasonable We are whiplike, ways cliffwinds Though in at first task attempt that the any to our children to be a creditwant blow gently they often is in the area of attius, but this should be rationally Where eaglets are nesting in bluffnew learning measured in terms of their happiness seeded tree; tude. A child who does something

rather than the extent to which they They tumble and run with a cottonunder duress to please somebody for conform to the demands of our adult soft bunting reward or to avoid punishment little at his diswith energy them. cannot exworld around We frolic with larks on a wildberry learns And posal. for It is easy us to distinguish children, for to example,pect our lea.

greet our friends with as polite enbetween halfhearted and wholethusiasm as we do. We cannot The winds of the highlands and lowhearted participation. When desire

expect our children to show themlands are playing to do or have has become wholeselves off to best advantage just With fledgelings, brightfeathered, hearted, the child has his whole when we want them to. We must fust learning to fly; self to focus upon it.

come to count on the occasional emThey run in quick flurries to bolster Another important point for us as barrassment they create for us and their efforts parents to keep in mind is to trust be sophisticated enough to realize To soar on wide wings down a bit cooperation as a major contributor that other people who have children of blue sky. to growth and development. We

will understand. All of this requires have learned for certain that chilmore than merely an intelligent dren accomplish more through counderstanding of children. The which children grow and develop operation than through competition.

patience and willingness to forgive and mature. Whether it be building a diving

that comes from love are necessary. Guidance. A major responsibility stand for the lake or prettying up

Most of us have had fostered in of living with children is to provide the horse for the horse show, what us the lifelong concept of children guidance to them based upon sound is done together yields more in as the ultimately soulsatisfying principles and healthy attitudes—human values than children pitted

achievement. Such buildup may kind of experience which nurtures against each other. There is no

make it difficult for us to admit and encourages growth to take place question but what competition does freely that moments enter which are rather than attempting to mold a obtain results in many ways, such not lovely and serene. It may make child into our preconceived dream as keeping a room tidy, attaining

it difficult for us to realize fully or by trying to exact strict obedience. higher grades, etc., but in appraising

that our relationship with our chilWe do not teach or educate a our responsibilities of rearing children cannot always be harmonious child rightly by merely putting dren we must look beyond the and sweet. It may make us blame things into his mind. This holds accomplishment of an immediate

ourselves unduly for the unhappy dormant what would otherwise be task to the human values which are scenes that normally arise in the unfolding intelligence. A part of being developed either intentionally

course of any family's ongoing days. sound characterbuilding is calling or unintentionally, consciously or unWe need to admit with honesty forth the child's own efforts. He consciously. There is considerable

that difficulties do exist. We need must participate in the process of support for the point of view that

to meet them with openness when experiencing, feeling, and working. competition with one's fellow, rather

they come, but we need not make In this way, he grows in comprehenthan cooperation with him, is a them greater than they are. We sion, understanding, and ability. tool of defensiveness.

need not create difficulties because Our children will learn the values Children need to live in a climate

300 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA which is heavily laden with the "three L's."They should live andlearn and love. In order to accomFederated Security

plish the achievement of such climactic conditions, the followingobservations are offered: (1) It is Insurance Company

helpful to treat children with the kind of concern and seriousness with which we like to be treated. (2) It

is helpful for children to live in an Announces atmosphere in which they can make their own mistakes gracefully and be courageous enough to profit by REDUCED RATES IN 1963 them. They, like ourselves, tend to

alter truth or adorn the when they of inequality themselvesfeel the and ON ALL INSURANCE PLANS the truth as it is. (3) Children will

tend to emphasize in their values that which they find others emphaFeaturing sizing. (4) The skill to live abundantly lies more largely in one's

of hisinterpretation environment of it. SPECIAL RATES TO NONSMOKERS richnessthan in the actual

One learns to love by being associated with good lovers. And

those who learn to love have good ON PERMANENT LIFE PLANS life insurance.

Love. Every wellmeaning parent

believes he loves his child, yet how For Details Contact Your Federated Security Agent or many have thought deeply about the meaning of love? Behind all of our Write Direct to

teaching, assisting, and training of children, there must lie a clear insight into love and an understanding of its true expression. Our childrenare a reflection of that love. We see Federated Security

the reflections around us every day and read of their problems in every newspaper and magazine. We seechildren whose parents quite eviInsurance Company

dently love them, but whose lack of insight into love has brought them P. O. Box 2167

unhappy and sometimes tragic reSalt Lake City 10, Utah sults. Thus the questions arise,

what is the love our children need William A. Barlocker Harry R. Stout

and how do we express it? Chairman President

Is it love that showers the child with gifts and belongings, steers him toward a predetermined niche, or sets him on a throne for glorification? Is it love that sternly tries to

push the child toward premature THE CENTER OF adulthood, prodding him along with CONVENIENCE scolding, disapproval, and physical

JL NEW AMERICApunishment? Is it love that prompts us to keep everything pleasant by Cooec/A MOTEL

allowing the child to do anything 320 BEAUTIFUL ROOMS that will keep him "happy"and pleased with us? Is it love that

makes us reluctant to interfere or to spoil his "fun"when the need for is Is itdirection there? love

that salt lake afraid that won't he usmakes love us? fitKHt... 43 bhmL f\iuuj) hMwb

plus oMRimJl wJJwwi

APRIL 1963 301 Neither permissive indulgence nor development is to make sure that some of the following questions:

rigid demands reflect the insight of he sees and hears thoughtfulness Are the avenues for giving and relove. We need to recognize and all about him. ceiving love open? Are these chilmake our own, that less familiar Every family tries to have as few dren of ours able to express affection

form of love which comes from a crises as possible, but there will be—to give it and receive it? And, as

deeper level and transfigures the some in spite of our best efforts. they grow, do they express affection

entire relationship between parent When they appear, it is better for outside and beyond the walls of and child. Real love is wisdom. It everyone to focus on a possible solutheir home? How about their reloves wisely and educates its childtion than to prolong the argument sponse to others?

dren in the ways of wisdom. It is of who is to blame for what. When How about their sense of belongan unselfish love. peace and friendliness have been ing? Can they participate in their

Living together means playing torestored, happy human relations own endeavors? Can they add their

gether, solving problems together, among the members of the family effort to the effort of others?

cleaning house together, cooking are reestablished. Can they feel that their efforts,

meals and baking cookies together. To get the family through a crisis though frequently fumbling, are

It means being responsible for one of any kind, the number one need is nonetheless worthwhile? And are

another in sickness and health, for cool heads and good judgment. they able, also, to take credit for

helping each other when happy or their achievements? Are they able

unhappy. It means enjoying the to see that the process of doing poshouse together, protecting the furniAPRIL RAIN SONG sesses worth as does also the product

ture together because it belongs to BY HELEN C. BUTLER resulting out of what has been done?

everyone in the family and has to Can our children face and exlast a long time. It means learning Pink clouds against the midnight sky press their feelings, their wants,

new things which bring us happifears, and unfulfilled yearnings? Can

ness and sharing experiences as On feathered wings appear to fly. they talk about these with us and

they occur. Some lithe as youth, some bent with in talking help to clarify issues and

Children learn the art of living age to lessen the stress? Do they dare

together happily by participating Skirt across the darkened stage. put into words what is hurting themday after day. They are a part of all deeply? Do they dare protest whatthat goes on, and if you forget their Footlights dim burn here and there ever is unfair and unjust?

part, even in what seems a trifle, you Of solemn duty unaware. Do our children have courage?

heartaches.can cause There are no face horizons? Can they new Can Glistening branches barelimbed

lessonseasy children which help adjust as they they to go on living learn to live with others, and they mourn, changing conditions, still able to feel cannot live one kind of life during Their frail buds straining to be bom. that they are wanted and worthfitthe first five years and suddenly acApril's tears are but brief sorrow, while, still able to feel that they

quire different techniques after that. and belong?

Living, working, playing with Dried by the sunshine of tomorrow. What our children are is one measchildren day by day and week after ure of our success. What we are is

week must not be underestimated. another. These very same quesIf you step back and look at it, you If one member of the family can tions, these same considerations

will realize that the responsibility only say and do the right thing, he apply not alone to our children.

is staggering. When you watch will save the day and set an examThey apply as well to ourselves.

children grow day by day, the ple for others to follow the next Living with children can be one responsibility grows along with the time. Consistent practice of good of the most challenging and one of

child, and therefore, it is not heaped judgment at times like these will be the most sacred experiences we can upon you suddenly. Living happily, invaluable, and the next time need have in this life. Responsibility is the

successfully, creatively with children not be a difficult time if we learn keynote—a responsibility squarely

in a family must be a continufrom past experience. shouldered and strongly based on

ous process. There will be days when it seems selfawareness, willingness to grow,

What are the ingredients that must that every member of the family is and a clear knowledge of what a be put together and mixed well to pulling in a different direction, when child is, and what, with love, he may get true cooperation—not the surno two agree on anything. It is become. There is no formula or set

face kind? Real teamwork in the difficult to be reasonable or calm of rules which can be set down.

family is found where consideration on a day like that, but for every Rather it is a matter of learning to for others plus an honest attitude really rough day, there are many develop wise attitudes and the abilare in action—not just talked about. when consideration and cooperation ity to love freely and creatively. It

This should be something so basic predominate. Remember these good may be discouraging to some, but

that it is always present and rises days, forget the others, except when the potentiality for achievement, when needed. Being thoughtful of you analyze to see how they can service, and contribution is farothers is a basic personality charbe avoided. reaching. The few precious years

acteristic that should be developed In order to evaluate how well we with our children wisely spent offer in all children. The easiest way to are doing in our task of living with our greatest hope of securing a

help the young child start on this children, we might ask ourselves better world.

302 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Homes to Live In Perhaps you have a treasured picIf you are a doit-yourselfer, there ture; if so, let it be the inspiration is probably nothing which, with so

(Continued from page 275) for your color scheme, selecting the little effort and expense, makes so soft muted tones fof backgrounds, much difference as painting or ingredients to make it work and and the more vivid colors for acpapering walls. Improvements in

give comfort, have beauty, and cents. Color is exciting and chalpaints and painting methods have

personality. lenging. You can v/ork wonders with taken much of the mess and tedious

The single most important eleit. Besides making a room warm or work out of the process.

ment in decorating is color. If you cool, light or dark, you can alter its For your selection the market is

do not have a natural feel for color, apparent size and proportion. There virtually exploding with rich and

that is no cause for concern. Color are many tricks you can do with varied wall coverings. Paper, fabhas become an exact science, and color to help solve your decorating rics, and plastics which are washyour nearest paint store has helpful problems. Closely blended colors able, scrubbable, pretrimmed, and

guides to assist you. But to begin can conceal defects; contrasting prepasted are available to suit any

with, choose the colors that you like, colors can emphasize a lovely object. room of any style.

colors that you feel comfortable Some colors are restful and soothing; The largest single investment for

around. Beware of wellmeaning use these over large areas. Other the interior of your home is usually

friends and some sales people who colors are stimulating and active; the floor coverings. Choose your

may tell you emphatically that these are better used in small rugs and carpets carefully from a "They"are not using certain colors amounts as accents. reputable dealer. A good quality

this season. "That was a year ago."The real fun of decorating comes is the best economy.

Remember that the house you are in working with fabrics. Never has Carpets and rugs add to the feelfurnishing is for you and your family there been such a variety from ing of well being of the family by

to live in. which to choose for any manner of making the home attractive and liveThere are many ways to build room or any purpose. Fabrics with able and bringing all the furnishings

liveable color schemes. Start with a fast color, plain and textured weaves, into harmony. They add warmth,

color you like and use a chart to classic or contemporary design, quiet, comfort, safety, and beauty.

help you select harmonizing hues. washable and dripdry, are available Before choosing your furniture deAnother way is to select a beautiful at nominal cost. With a few yards cide on the general theme or feeling

fabric, or use one you already have, of colorful fabric and a little imagiyou wish to achieve in your home.

and build a color scheme around it. nation you can work real magic. If you are a sentimental family who

Save $30.00 Now!

KEYSTONE 8mm K-717AH ZOOM MOVIE CAMERA Fully Automatic, Electric Eye Smooth zoom control—coupled with

viewfinder. Manual control for special

effects. Builtin "A"filter. Film speeds

from ASA 1040. Fast fl.8 sets itself

... indoors or out. Try it!

Was $9995 NOW ONLY $5995

Nothing Down

Orily $1 Wk.

Come in. Phone

or Order by Mail Salt Lake City: 273 S. Main—155 S. Main - 2190 Highland Dr.

Ogden: 2443 Washington Blvd.; Provo: 161 W. Center Street

Idaho Falls: 446 Park Avenue

APRIL 1963 303

likes tradition and a friendly inforplain functional to the classical, and sitting on stools eating from a mal atmosphere, then Early Amerifrom the clean lines of the Scandicounter three times a day? When

can may suit you. navian to the exotic Oriental. the family is gathered around a wellIf you like a bit more elegance, Whatever you choose, do not feel appointed table, it is the best opporyet a homey and comfortable feelthat you should follow slavishly one tunity for teaching the little arts of

ing, French Provincial (probably the style. It would be monotonous. A refinement, as well as sharing daily

most versatile of all furniture) may room which is purely authentic in experiences. The separate dining

be your choice. every detail can be very dull. room should be a must in every

If a formal atmosphere becomes Give a room character by giving home, where family unity is imyou then perhaps the eighteenth it an element of surprise. Dare to portant, even at the expense of

century Georgian, which is having a use your imagination. Fragments of cutting corners elsewhere. For inrevival at the present time, will old beauty or old treasures from the stance, bedrooms need not be large.

appeal to you. The present wave of attic can turn into useful decora- A room barely large enough for a

prosperity in America, the new attitions for a modern room and add bed, a chest, and a chair is adequate tude of the country's museums, the personality and charm. to offer its occupant that precious

restoration of many famous old Simple ideas can lend enchantfeeling of having one's own private houses, and the redecorating of the ment to plain rooms. A graceful domain. The extra space is more

White House by Mrs. Kennedy and branch in a simple vase and a careimportant placed where the family

her committee are stimulating a new fully placed spotlight can add a gathers.

interest in furnishings out of Ameritouch of glamour to an otherwise Let your personality and the perca's past. Some aspects of tradition dull corner. sonalities of your family be felt

may be to smile at, but there is much In planning and decorating indithroughout your home. Let your

to be learned from tradition—a sense vidual rooms, encourage family memhouse reflect an active interest in a

of proportion, the difference bebers to contribute their ideas. Let a rich and full life of books, music,

tween simplicity and austerity, and boy's room reflect him. With the hobbies, and religion.

the combination of beauty and wonderful new fabrics and floor In your home, in everything you practicality. Our forefathers were a coverings it can be both attractive have and everything you do, a sense

people,practical and we can is vital the to of appropriateness boyproof. can be room learn and A girl's keeping them, emulating frommuch

of feeling of wellbeing each deheart as frilly as her memand dainty methods our modernin mind and conveniences. sires and yet be "dripdry."ber who dwells within. Remember

If the Contemporary is more to A boon to family living is the rethat homes are to live in, and the your liking, there is a great range turn of the dining room. How can a most important ingredient of your

from which to choose—from the family learn the art of gracious living home is the people.

These Times student. It was a nice climate. Food some time ago in this column,

was plentiful. Joseph was influential, ("Time for the Family: The ChilVol. followed. Era, Speak,"dren 63:132, brothers and his Even ( Continued from page 246

to family in his old the keep 1960), age, moved Jacob, we must

Egypt as folk today go to Florida, afloat. It will require determination,

cient educational, religious, social, Texas, Arizona, or California. The patience, sacrifice, and above all

and economic functions of the family Hebrews maintained their unique intelligence and hard work. Reare supplemented by state, church, family traditions, although their ecoligious leadership in that great,

corporation, and other associations. nomic situation changed. This was primary organization, the family, will

Perhaps one reason is because the because of the religious basis of simply have to function. As time

modern family has become so mobile their family life. They undoubtedly goes by, I have decided, for myself

and nomadic. Assess your own famhad family prayers. at least, that to be a good deacon

ily situation. Here is mine: I have States'rights movements have at home during snatches of time,

had over twenty addresses, includsprung up to help vitalize local govseven days a week, is much harder ing ten of my father's. His houseernment in our centralizing age. than being a good deacon for an

hold moved ten times in the first Chambers of commerce, national hour and a half at Sunday School.

fourteen years but maintained the trade and professional associations Both are important, but the first is same address during the last four have emerged to try to conserve the harder than the last—in retrospect.

decades—something of a record in values of separate and private ecoThe standard quorum award for the

this day and age, and a factor of nomic groupings. But where is family is one we will all have to

some stability, I believe, in affording the National Association of Heads compute, establish, and win for our- a central address all children and of Families? Or the American selves, in our own time, with our

grandchildren will remember. Association for the Advancement of own limitations. This is our religious

Our nomadic ancestors, including Homemakers? Or the Husbands duty, not the bishop's. He has a

Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and Joseph, and Wives Benevolent and Profamily, too. And he often needs

moved about also. Joseph, you will tective Association? two cars, one a station wagon, so his

recall, went to Egypt and made good There will not be any, nor should wife and family can join the other at the age of today's high school there be. Somehow, as observed family caravans.

304 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Living with Leisure ( Continued from page 281 Distinctive aside for the health and happiness that only a "family night"can bring, Bindingsa day should never pass without enjoyable family moments in addition For a Permanent to mealtimes and family prayers. Reference of The

A first essential of family activity Improvement Era is to make sure the whole family actually does something. It is easy

for individuals, and even whole For 12 issues in handfamilies, to drift into what J. B. some covers only $3.30.

Nash, former dean of the College of All orders should be

Physical Education at Brigham accompanied with 12

Young University, calls the "mental Improvement Eras and flophouses of recreation."He is referring to a recreation diet made up payment in advance,

exclusively of movies, television, plus postage for return pulp magazines, comic books, and mail.

watching this or watching that activity.

There is nothing bad about spectator activities, he says, but they are far from adequate. Much of this

type of recreation is low grade, poor quality, has only a relatively few participants, and develops a race of people who are willing to let the other man do their thinking for them. The first principle governing

family recreation should be: "Be

ye doers!"Variety should be a key word in selecting family activities. Proper

recreation should include reading, singing, studying, some activity games, and some creative effort—all

sprinkled with laughter and good humor. In one particular family, a

favorite recreation hour is spent in helping Mother prepare her weekly

Sunday School visual aid material.

Family recreation can go hand in hand with religious learning and should be an integral part of every day's routine.

And make it profitable. Families

must look upon leisure and wholesome recreation to help open the doors to understanding and enjoying the arts, sharpening their physical and mental skills, understanding the world about them, and learning democratic living. Living with

leisure recognizes the task of enriching lives, strengthening bodies, and stimulating dulled minds.

Luther Gulick, a pioneer of youth organizations in America, once said:

"If you want to know what a child is, study his form of play; if you want P. S. Ancient saying has it... successful man gains face when he carpets space

to affect what he will be, direct that with honored Bigelow. If your initials add up to V. I. P., it's time to increase

form of play."comfort, decrease din in your den, with a rich, thick Bigelow Carpet. Special

designs, colors and textures are available. Write for our colorful free brochure

on Bigelow commercial carpets to Dept. A, 140 Madison Avenue, New York, N. Y.

People who know... buy BIGELOW.

APRIL 1963 305

YOU CAN RENT IT!

HOWE RENTS The Family Dollar familysingle toolplans.is theThefamilymostbudget.importantPerSALES AND RENTALS haps the most important thing to re-

( Continued from page 267 member in budgeting is to make it

Beds—Wheel Chairs a family affair involving all family

Commodes—Crutches meanings in money and consemembers. This was illustrated rather

quently feel different about it. This poignantly in the best seller (as well

Tables Dishes Chairs——I as version) the movie Remember is in the evidenced catchwords and

Grills Punch Bowls—this evening Saturday Every Mama. all are that slang expressions we Silverware family immigrant sat around Swedish with. familiar saying, old "He The

Tractors—Forklifts who pays the piper, may call the their kitchen table to allocate their

Trucks—Air Compressors tune,"shows that we see hard cash money. Papa, who previously had

All Types Tools as the equivalent of power. Many converted his paycheck into curSalt Lake City consider it a reward for, or the rency, put that week's money on the

j75 South State 4860055 equivalent of, being virtuous. There table. Mama put aside a certain

Ogden is still a strong tendency to make amount of that money for next 1627 Washington Blvd EX 4-9414 wealth the only measure of success. week's food, a certain amount for

Certainly the Savior saw this tendthe rent, some for "the bank,"etc.

ency and warned against it repeatThen the family as a whole decided

If remainder. with the to do edly. Considering this very condition whatewpHe limitations out turn it should that Johnny said: he

,.,,..n-—,—To Compliment "... Take heed, and beware of needed a new pair of trousers and

Your Temple covetousness: for a man's life conEdith needed a pair of shoes, but

Marriage sisteth not in the abundance of the not enough money was available for

Replica of actual things which he possesseth."(Luke both, the choice was made on the

Temple is relief 12:15.) basis of comparative need. Should

embossed on the The job of income management the family decide that Johnny reception folder.

and family happiness would be needed trousers more than Edith shoes, be put money would needed if easier demade much we could 1 00 only unwith the the trousers, aside for atfully feeling the velop and more

yT $8-95 titudein sectionof stewardship,104 of the Doctrineas explainedand havederstandingtop prioritythat Edith'sthe nextshoesweek.would H Thermographed

Raised Lettering Covenants. This principle of steSpecialists on budgeting recomwardship in ownership of physical mend that the family not try to

for $5.95. styles as 100 low asOther their conform expenditures is very imporAlso property make and money

catalog Write for FREE Albums. MarriageTemple percentage preconceived tant as it with any invests with all ownership desired.) (state temple samplesand invitation

Rexburg, REXCRAFTbenevolence. This attitude will take norms. Instead, the family should expendiactual their of records its to materialism enkeep Idaho from power

(Catalog sent airmail for 25$) discover to for 3 to months 4 their tures of slave them men and rob altruistic ideals. what they already are doing. Then

As we develop understanding of they must decide which of their

New for Easter money and its uses in the family, it disbursements should be decreased is of great necessity to develop famand which should be increased to ily financial plans and goals. There promote the family's wellbeing overHOLY LAND are many sources of expert advice in the long run.

principal methods THEN AND NOW formulating these plans, but they There are two should cover the following areas: of budgeting, with many variants of

Slide forAvailable the first time—University

lecturesof illustrated based on the Old and NewSets 1. Church obligations—tithing, fast each; viz: (1) the envelope method,

for findings. latest the archaeological allotment andTestaments the month's where offerings, ward budget, etc.

the 8 titles from rangeThe "Abraham's and World is placed of spending each category insurance, Scrolls"2. Protection—adequate to "TheRoute and Dead Sea of Exodus"

Death", of Christ's Passion and"Jerusalem at Time of the to current Land. including life, health, home, and in an envelope, and (2) the checking Holy knowledgeadding

first consists HiFi narration set of printed method, 40Each and In the account method. coverage. automobile

Slides,Color compiled including team a maps, by arise as a to are likely the fund—most writers difficulties 3. Emergencyof Scholars. qualified of Bible "The Trial

Stick of Joseph"and "Oberammergau Passion agree that this should be anywhere consequence of "borrowing"funds sets also available. Write for completePlay"

brochure. from two to three times your from one envelope to another to

monthly income. meet pressing emergencies. When

WOLFE WORLDWIDE FILMS, 4. Investment programs—including this is done, record must be made of

Dept. 8043, 1657 Sawtelle Blvd., home ownership. it and a later adjustment made.

Los Angeles 25, California 5. Family progress—such as misThe checkbook method of budgetsions and education. ing throws all income items into a

Once these longrange goals have common fund with fixed limitations

GENEALOGIES PRINTED been established, the family will be being established for expense disspecialize HISTORIES in FAMILY We for tribution. are drawn Checks will have to able to figure out what

letterheads Also and ruled entries are then purposes; various their longrange to achieve done forms be

CARDON PRESS 1450 East 6400 South Salt Lake City, Utah. CR 8-8508

306 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA at the end of eachsummarized day Dr. W. C. columns. distributionin expense

When the budgeted amount for each Alvarez category has been used up, no further checks can be drawn for that purpose until the next accountDr. Alvarez is emeritus

ing period.

The first method is subject to risk consultant in medicine Theof loss or theft. A second shortcomfor the Mayo Clinic

ing is that no expenditure records and he writes a columnwould be available at the end of the for leading newspapers OCTOR year, and such information is very helpful to have at income tax time. throughout the country. /*?>

The second is usually to be preDeseret News readers ferred. Not only are the funds find he gives them valuable

safer, but receipts in the form of caninformation about their celled checks are available to provethat obligations have been paid. health. His columns are MILLIONS

But whatever its form, your budwritten to be understood by get must have these three essential everyone. Find them on

traits: reality, practicality, and the page opposite the editor

currency. ials in your family newsReality means taking all the fampaper..

ily resources into account on the income side and recognizing all of its obligations, present and potential, on side. most Perhaps expenditurethe WmMMMTT MMWB

sav- a is to budget of allimportant thinking wishful program.ings No HE MOUNTAIN WEST'S jtivA&H E W!SPAPEK

side. either onshould be present

Practicality means being honest with yourself about what is possible so that you don't shoot for unattainable goals with their attendant restrictions which are impossible to live with.

Currency in this context means both upto-dateness and free cash \ ALLERGIC TO CHOCOLATE?

reserves. Emergencies, bargains, etc.,

continuously arise and throw the Enjoy NONchocolate budget off unless the family has a CARACOA is a fun drink for the whole family... dissolves

sufficient reserve of funds to take before your eyes in hot or cold milk...CaraCoa contains

care of them. NATURAL fruit sugars and its resemblance in flavor and

In conclusion, then, remember our appearance to chocolate will prove satisfying in a natural, sacred obligation to spend our famnutritious, most delicious way.

ily dollars wisely for the accomCara-Coa is truly "The Confection Without Objection,"plishment of our worthy, longrange and we GUARANTEE SATISFACTION or your money back...

family goals. Without a budget to another quality product from El Molino Mills, available at

guide us, we are in danger of spendALL HEALTH STORES—VALLEY SHOPPING CENTERS

ing for things which we strongly desire at the moment because of TRIAL OFFER... Send in $1.00 today and receive

high powered advertising or human postpaid a fullsize package for yourself and one for a weaknesses, but which are relatively friend. unimportant to us in the long run. MAIL COUPON TODAY -

That person understands money best El Molino Mills, P.O. Box C-2025, Alhambra, Calif.

who regards it as a means to an Attached is my dollar. Please send me my fullsize can of CaraCoa.

end, and that person understands NAME Please Print ADDRESS.

it least who regards it solely as the objective of daily endeavor; that is, CITY.Please send another can of CaraCoa, with my compliments, STATE.to:

as an end in itself. Thrift is an admirable virtue; miserliness is not. NAME Please Print ADDRESS.

Money was created to be spent. CITY. -STATE.

Thrift is wise spending—not imprudent frugality.

APRIL 1963 307 M

Fundamentally, quorums provide the means by which men may associate and share spiritual experiences, unitein assisting brethren to improve themselves economically, and provide a pleasant and satisfying social life with high and ennobling standards of MELCHiZEDEK conduct. All of these purposes must be embedded

in a wellconceived program, the* detail of which is PRIESTHOOD followed constantly.

The first spiritual experience is best found by keeping the commandments and furthering the work of the Lord. His work, he said, was to "bring to pass the

immortality and eternal life of man."(Moses 1:39.)

Both of fruits these desired activity to expand our matters beyond the grave. of us None assume may 'TA is IsMy Work...

that we are fully helping the Lord's work by enjoying the social association alone. Neither can we be conThe Ward Genealogy Committee

sidered completely active for eternity by giving and. the Quorum

succor or financial assistance to a fellow member.

We have been told that the highest opportunities in the hereafter cannot be had without husband and wife together. Sad indeed would be the outlook for

those who have gone on before without bringing about the eternal sealing for themselves if it were not for the provision that this short life is not the end of hearing or of accepting the principles of eternal life. Knowing

this, the quorum presidency will provide for intense activity for its members.

This activity divides itself into two parts:

308 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1. Visits to the temples by members and their wives appointive power in this case, but if the member is

to do ordinance work for the dead. These should to feel any responsibility for quorum members he must

be frequent. know, too, that the assignment is a quorum assign-

2. Seeking out names of ancestors and properly prement as well and that the check up will be by the

paring them for ordinance work in the temple. quorum presidency as much as by the bishop.

It is the practical application of the second activity which concerns us. The Application of the Idea

To do this technical and exacting work needs practical training. For this purpose the ward committee The quorum president approaches the bishop and

on genealogy is organized. On that committee sits says:

a member of the quorum. In the past it has satisfied "You are going to appoint a man from our quorum

the demands of the office to have a quorum member to be a member of the ward genealogy committee.

on the ward committee. That was all. That man What would you think of John Doe? He will work

promptly lost his quorum identity and became abwith the quorum members in your ward. We'd like

sorbed in the ward committee. He felt no more to give him the activity."There will be some discusresponsibility for quorum members than for any other sion and in some cases compromises. But in the end

ward member. agreement will be reached.

Such a situation is not good. The quorum member Then it would be wise for both men to make a joint

should represent the quorum and should have as his call on the member, each explaining his own outlook.

purpose the stirring up and teaching members of the The bishop tells him of his general responsibility, quorum residing in the ward the work of seeking while the quorum president shows him his specific after their dead. He should report to the quorum responsibility toward quorum members in the ward.

presidency the results of his efforts and seek their The bishop checks up on the ward genealogical help in further pressing the work. committee.

Therefore, the man who represents the quorum on The quorum presidency checks up on the quorum the ward genealogical committee should be appointed church service committee—especially on the geneaas a member of the quorum church service committee. logical work in the ward.

This man should be the joint choice of the bishop This is one step toward preparing for the millennial and the quorum president. The bishop has the final reign a little sooner.

APRIL 1963 309 ADVICE TO YOUNG MEN BY O. LESLIE STONE

If I were you, I would exercise great care in choosing my close friends. The

influence of our friends and companions is very great indeed. The

saying that one bad apple in a barrel can spoil the rest is very true. The

actions and ideals of those we associate with cannot help but have a profound influence on our own lives and actions for either good or evil.

Dr. Ralph Bunche of the United

Nations was asked, "What one factor do you attribute your success to?"

and his answer was, "I learned to walk in the company of Good People."

If I were you, I would make every effort to establish good work habits. THE This is important in everything we do

from earning a living to the work we PRESIDING do at home or in our Church. A boy

is lazy at in be lazy home willBISHOPRIC'S whoschool, lazy a missionary, a lazy and

PAGE workerOne forcan hisattainemployer.good work habits

only by getting at the work to be done at the time it needs to be done, applying reasonable diligence, and taking pride in a good performance.

The habit of being prompt and accurate in all that we do is essential to good work habits.

If I were you, I would give careful attention to my personal appearance.

Good grooming is important to all of us throughout our entire lives. This

doesn't mean that we have to be dressed up in our "Sunday best"at all times. We can wear clothes to fit

the occasion. Personal cleanliness is

310 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA likewise essential to good grooming. probably end up an "average"which is only the best

As an employer I always pass up the fellows who of the worst and the worst of the best.

wear handlebar mustaches or grow beards, or who Don't be a drifter. Be the master of your destiny.

wear long hair, or who dress like "beatniks."If I were you, I would be active in priesthood and

You will generally find that a fellow who really other church programs. Staying close to the Church

wants to get ahead and be a dependable leader is and taking advantage of opportunities to learn, decareful about and uses good taste in his pervelop, and act is very important in this life and sonal appearance.

I necessary for one to gain salvation in the celestial

If I were you, I would make every possible effort kingdom of our Heavenly Father.

to be honest in all my dealings. Honesty is one of The Church provides unlimited opportunity for us

the most important attributes a young man can have. to learn and develop ourselves through priesthood,

Boys and men who can be trusted are always in seminary, Sunday School, MIA, Sacrament, and other demand. Our Heavenly Father deemed this so immeetings. It takes effort on our part to take advanportant he made it one of the Ten Commandments, tage of these opportunities. No one can give us a

"Thou shalt not steal.""testimony"or "knowledge."Nor can one buy these

If we are to be honest, we must not only refrain treasures. They can only be secured through

from stealing but we must do a good honest day's individual effort.

work for a day's pay. When one shirks on the job, I firmly believe you can be what you want to be

he is "stealing"time from his employer, and this is in life. All you need do is to set your goals and then

nearly as bad as stealing money or merchandise. If work and sacrifice to the extent necessary to reach

a man wastes thirty minutes a day, it is equivalent to your destination. It is worth the effort. It can be

three and onehalf work weeks in a year. done. Man's greatest success and joy come through

Honesty also includes the keeping of one's word "keeping the commandments."One of my favorite

or contract. It is important to pay our obligations on scriptures is found in Matthew 6:33:

due date or make prior arrangements with our creditors if we are unable to do so. A good credit "... seek ye first the kingdom of God, and

reputation is essential for success. his righteousness; and all these things shall

Be careful to live within your income. To spend be added unto you."

consistently more than you earn only makes it more difficult to avoid temptation.

If we are honest in our small dealings, we acquire the habit, and we will then find it easier to be honest in handling larger transactions.

Be honest with the Lord by paying your tithes and offerings and thus make yourself eligible to receive the great blessings which are promised to those who comply with this law.

Most of all be honest with yourself in all things and then you cannot help but be honest with others.

Shakespeare wrote in Hamlet—

"To thine own self be true and it must follow as the night the day thou canst not then be false to any man."

If I were you, I would set goals that would chal- O. LESLIE STONE

lenge my best ability. A person doesn't get very far

in this life unless he knows where he is going. The Stake,O. LesliechairmanStoneof theis presidentOakland Welfareof the Region,OaklandBerkeleyand chairsetting of goals is a continuous process all through man of the Oakland Temple District.

life. We look ahead and plan for the coming week, AprilHe married23, 192k. DorothyTheir familyCobbleyconsistsin theofSaltfourLakesons.Temple,

month, and year. We also should have long range President Stone is the cofounder and chairman of the

goals we are working toward. eralboardmerchandise.of SkaggsStone,He Inc.,is thewholesaleformerdistributorsvicepresidentof genof

Aim high—think big—for unless you do, you will Safeway Stores, Inc.

APRIL 1963 311

Food Time, Family Time TODAY'S FAMILY, FLORENCE B. PINNOCK, EDITOR

The shout, "Come and get it,"the announcement, member, nothing replaces cleanliness and table setting "Madam, dinner is served,"the call, "Hurry, the procare. Daughters and even sons can learn to set the

gram is beginning, take your tray in front of the table correctly. Knives, forks, spoons, glasses, and

TV,"all add up to one thing, it is time to eat. This napkins each have a special place neatly lined up, so

universal pastime is a compelling habit, one we were the overall picture is one of order. A fouryear-old

born with and one that continues throughout life. A can save Mother many steps and feel so big in the

tighter knot of family unity is tied around a dinner process. Just recently a little twoyear-old decided

table than at any other place. It has been tritely that it was dinner time and went to the drawer

said that a family that plays together stays together, where the napkins were kept and taking a stack and it can be truly said that a family that eats toplaced them around the dinner table. When the

gether meets together under an umbrella of undergrandmother found him, he was seated with arms standing, patience, and love. folded and head bowed waiting for the blessing.

Hurry, hurry, hurry is the enemy of family dining The best china and silver are there to be used and together. Graciousness goes out the door when hurry enjoyed. Actions of the children, in many cases, will

comes in. Dinner doesn't have to be at 6 pm if 7 or 5 match the table setting. Home is the best place

would suit the convenience of everyone better. Be on earth to teach politeness and consideration of one

flexible, but work at improving the family eating another. A fiveyear-old son is not too young to hold

time. Lives can be rearranged so that a dinner hour Mother's chair with big brother doing the same for

can be a family hour; that is, if every member cares a sister. When the girls are old enough, assign one

enough to plan toward this end. Some who read to remove soiled dishes from the table, another to

this will say, "It is all right to write about these things serve the dessert. As often as possible make dinner

but just try to make them work in my family. We preparation a family affair. A serving cart can be

never know when Dad will get home; big brother an important part of setting and clearing off the

works after school; babies are so cross and sleepy table. It is also handy as a side table to hold extra

that they just can't be included; mother often gets bowls and dishes. One of the easiest and most

home late; and dinner is never ready at a specified gracious ways of serving is to place the stack of

time."Of course, we can take a negative outlook, dinner plates in front of the father and have him serve

but there is not one of us but could come much closer the meat dish and pass each plate to Mother to serve to the goal of gracious, happy family eating if we the vegetables. This helps to make the serving

work harder at it. Plan, plan, plan, not just Mother smoother, especially when there are small children

but every member of the family! Gathering daily, who cannot help themselves.

together around a family dinner table is worth Dining room eating should not be a thing of the every effort. past. It is good to serve at least one meal a day in

Food should look appetizing, smell good, and be the dining room as the children are growing up. High

served with loving care. I know one mother who chairs can be placed on large squares of plastic cloth

concentrates on always having something cooking to protect the rug, and pieces of waxed paper or that smells enticing when her family comes home at plastic wrap can be placed under the dinner plates night. It is her way of saying, "Welcome home, of the tiny ones and still give the effect of a cordear ones."rectly set table.

The average dinner table looks different now from Make dinner time a happy interval in each day. It

Grandmother's time. Her snowy white tablecloth is no time for quarreling, airing grievances, correcting

and large linen napkins each folded neatly in indimisdeeds of the day, complaining, or criticizing.

vidual napkin rings are replaced often by colorful Someone added never talk of the "4 D's"at the dinner place mats and large, soft paper napkins. But retable—dirt, disease, debt, and death. It is so easy for

APRIL 1963 313 big sister to complain that little Combine the biscuit mix, minced brother chews too loudly and talks onion, and cheese. Stir in the milk

with his mouth full of food and that to which has been added the muselbows are rested on the table. This tard. Roll to about V2 inch thick and

instruction should be done at ancut into biscuits. Sprinkle the tops

FOLDING other time by Mother or Father, with sesame seeds. Bake in 400 dePEDESTAL TABLES with the only teaching done at the gree F. oven about 10 minutes or

Chali until Precious, example. by good golden bisbrown. the Direct Make factory savtable from

'T - ing to Churches, Schools, joyful memories can cuits large be around made serve broiled beefand 'Clubs, all organiLodges and It table. the dinner a can place be burgers in them. zations. 1963 MONROE

Folding Banquet Tables are to learn about each other and a for quality, Partitions I bility,unmatchedconvenience and handdura- place for good conversation to be Tasty Eggs some appearance. 94 models and sizes for enjoyed. One family, each day, asevery use. Write for prices, catalog. signs a different child to come to While scrambling eggs add a dash FREE -BIG 1963 CATALOG

Full line pictures. Color tables, chairs, dinner prepared to introduce an inof Tabasco, instant onion, chopped MONROE

teresting topic of conversation. table trucks, platformrisers, and chair The portripe olives, and some finely minced

partitions. Write able today! in this family keeps his mind parsley delicious for a (madein-minSt., Colfax, Iowa father Church 249 CO., THE MONROE

on the subject and uses this time ute) supper dish. Add a tomato

really to get acquainted with his aspic salad, tall glasses of milk, children. Another family, who had freshly baked bread, and a fruit

lived three years in a foreign councompote to complete this meal.

ATTENTION SCANDINAVIANS! Order This try, one night a week at dinner

Cottage Salad ABLESKIVER PAN Anotherspeaks onlyfamilyin thathas foreigna hobbylanguage.of each

.. of Durable Moulded Made Aluminum telling about member something

1 delightful ripe Bakes oldfashioned Danish in large cup olives—cut different has noticed he the during different pastry. deliThey're and wedges

of or explaining something day love cious. Kids new SSL 1 cup cubed cucumber Recipe them. is this learned. All has he but good A large cups 2 curd cottage cheese included. don't take the informality family out

tablespoon juice lemon stilted of dining. feeling is not 1 ONLY A 1 teaspoon instant minced

to harmonious a family group. happy

salt teaspoon % *375 onion its family build Each can up of own dash pepper traditions. food This could done, be teaspoon 1/16 chili powder perhaps, the by having same popular

FOR MAIL ORDERS ADD 50c POSTAGE dinner every Saturday night. It Salad greens

might be oyster stew and crackers 3 large tomatoes, sliced ripe olives for garnish PEHRSON HARDWARE or baked beans and brown bread or Whole just spaghetti2115 S. 11th East, Salt Lake City, Utah maybe and a green Combine all ingredients except salad the family tradition salad. Or could

greens, tomatoes, and whole olives. just cover special days such as

salad Arrange greens and tomato birthdays. trafamily has the One

plates. individual salad slices on dition that the birthday person Top with cottage cheese mixture. doesn't do any work on his birthday,

Sprinkle with paprika garnish and WEAVING other and the family of the members Service "America's Most Complete olives. with the whole 6 Makes in close the gap. birthday The Weavers"for Hand salads.

is special, dinner always the and LOOMSACCESSORIES-YARNSBOOKS person honored the choose meat may for Knitting, Supplies also Rug Hooking flavor of the ice Raspberry Cream Pudding the course and

Braiding. and

cream. A tall light sponge cake is

Free Catalog available upon request the traditional birthday cake in 1 cup table cream

GRANT thatAll family.families have their favored %1 cupstablespoonsugar unflavored gelatin

V2 cup milk Hand Weaving Supply Co. foods. I would like to suggest seven

Dept. M-13, Box 178, Provo, Utah recipes, some of which you may like 1 cup dairy sour cream

to add to your choice recipe file. 1 teaspoon vanilla

sugar EVERY LIBRARY Barbecue Bread with untilHeat hot.togetherSprinklethe creamthe gelatinand OR WARD over HOME Beefburgers the milk to soften; stir into hot cream

copies of the Should have bound until dissolved. let set. don't Cool; ERA the sour Fold in 2 cups biscuit mix cream and vanilla;

Only $2.50 for a heavyduty high quality

binder. Indexes free with binders. 1 tablespoon instant minced onion turn into mold which has been

Order from % cup grated sharp cheddar cheese rinsed with cold water. Chill until

The Improvement 1 teaspoon prepared mustard firm. Unmold and top with thawed

% cup milk frozen raspberries. Serves 6.

135 South State Street Sa't Lake City 11, Utah

314 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Orange Sherbet (short in One Longcalories)

Distance 1 envelope unflavored gelatin call can pep sugar cup % xk cup water up your 1 (6 oz.) can frozen orange concentrate whole

2V4 buttermilk cups white beaten until stiff week. Try 1 egg

it and see!

Mix the gelatin and sugar thoroughly in a small saucepan. Add the water Pick up

overand place low heat, stirring your phone gelatin is dissolved. untilconstantly

Add the buttermilk to the orange and go concentrate and stir in the gelatin visiting..

mixture. Turn into a freezing tray.

When mixture is partially frozen, tonight!

remove to bowl and beat until smooth, fold in egg white, and return to tray and continue freezing MOUNTAIN until firm. Serve topped with a STATES TELEPHONEsprinkling of grated orange rind.

Brownies are delicious served with this sherbet. See Easy Brownie in

December 1962 Era issue.

Freezer Chocolate Cream

3 eggs well beaten 2V4 cups sugar Not many of us can make money here's trees, the but next on grow chocolate 2 squares lots of to raise best money, way

IV2 milk evaporated cups sell SenDistribute the FAST. and

1 pint table cream sational "HiDry"Soap Saver. In

V2 tablespoon vanilla a little over a years time, the sale dash of salt of this nationally advertised product has netted over $85,000 for

Beat the sugar well into the beaten churchin this fundcouponraisingor writeprojects.todaySendfor

eggs, add the melted chocolate and complete information.

other ingredients. Freeze in hand

or electric freezer. Serve sprinkled WRITE TO

with toasted almond chips. INDUSTRIES ALTA Please send complete information me and

1947, P. O. Box Salt Lake City, Ut. terms of for sale the "HiDry"Soap Saver.

Broiled Halibut Steaks * MAGNETIC Name

Cut halibut steaks into serving SOAP AddressCity State portions. Season with salt and 'HANGER

freshly ground pepper. Oil the

broiler pan well, place the steaks on the pan and broil slowly until 11 rr steaks are lightly brown. Turn andcoat top of steaks with mixture of BURNED OUT

seasoned sour cream and chopped REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY chives or finely chopped green onions. Broil until the top is brown, A fire may mean you are out of a place to live,

and the halibut is cooked through. with tremendous added expense before you find

Serve at once with wedges of lemon. another.

To complete this dinner serve tiny Let us explain your need for ample insurance new potatoes rolled in a little cream to cover today's higher values.

and coated with butter and parsley, broccoli, 'tossed green salad, and orange sherbet. UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

APRIL 1963 315 Use BASIC-H THE ALLPURPOSE SURFACE CLEANER

Unlike detergents and soaps, Basic-

H contains no harsh solvents or alkalis, so safe, so gentle it will not irritate skin or deteriorate fabrics.

Yet, because it is a chemically balanced, completely organic combination of oils, Basic-H is powerful enough for the toughest cleaning jobs.

Use BASIC-H for FundRaising Your Church group can earn from $100 to $400 a month regularly because Basic-H is a highquality product which sells easily.

Use BASIC-H for Extra Money Supplement your income selling Basic-H. It's easy to earn from $20 to GIVE YOURSELF A BIRTHDAY GIFT

$100 a month in your spare time. Or, BY EILEEN M. HASSE

build a real career with Basic-H.

Enjoy good returns now and retirelater. Idealment income for husband

gift is one you that are taught. It costs but a selling and wife teams. Send coupon The best birthday

for sample and details. can give yourself. Instead of slipcouple of dollars to enroll in one of

ping into a moody spell because these classes. What a wonderful

everyone forgot about your day, birthday gift!

here is a campaign of action to give Plan a new wardrobe. Take stock

Reduce with SURE MEAL you a memorable birthday. of your clothes. Discard those that

Now is the time to start trimming Have a hairdo. You may treat seem worthless. List the dresses and

and slimming down for spring and yourself to a beauty shop set or accessories you have. Then make a

summer, You can do it with the depermanent. You may have your list of things you may add. Check

licious, safe dietary, SURE MEAL. best friend cut it and style it for you, the essentials that you will buy first.

or you may do some experimenting It's surprising what a little planning

LYMAN'S DAILY SUPPLY hairon yourinto own.differentTrystylespushingwhen youryou yourcan do.purseWithyou canthis telllist atcarrieda glancein

it. socalled to if really hair is easy bargains are barSudsy

is different gains shapes. If the for you. colorTABLETS for New Pep shampoopush into not When

or the doesn't fit item in with a new to comb right way the clothes& Vigor youit, experimentdecide on until already the accomplish you you have

We believe these to be the very your task. A new look is the best bargain isn't for you at all. A wardfinest natural vitamin and mineral birthday gift, and you must give it robe plan is a delightful gift

tablets obtainable anywhere. to yourself. to yourself.

Adopt a hobby, learn a new skill Perk up your place. You may be

DON LYMAN & ASSOCIATES or try a new craft. Hobbies are reable to add a small accessory or a

East 1087 9th South Salt City Lake 5, Utah freshing because they take the dulllarger piece of furniture. A coat of

Please send me the following: ness out of the day. Working with paint will change the face of an

BASIC-H colorful yarns, paints, or new faboldie, and a package of dye can do 1 -Quart Sample—2 Squeeze Botttles $2.00 rics serves as a tonic to any homewonders for stale spreads and

SURE to Reduce MEAL maker who seems trapped with hangings. A dash of color. costs

Size 20Meal $4.75 Chocolate

daily routine. hobby by little Get a new and gives you a new lease Size 40Meal 9.00 D Vanilla

books, talking 240Meal to others on life. Size 45.00 Maple reading who

D Butterscotch already have that hobby, or asking Your favorite dish is just waiting

LYMAN'S DAILY SUPPLY VITAMINMINERAL TABLETS for instruction where art and hobby to be made—on your birthday.

500 Tablets (1 Bottle) $8.95 goods are sold. Most high schools Whatever you like the best should

100 Bottle) Tablets (1 1.95 hold evening classes for adults be yours little day. on your who A

interested in I am Q FundRaising are interested in learning a ahead of the of new planning days day

Supplementing My Income skill. Classes in sculpturing, cewill help all the you have makings

Real Career D A leathercraft, ramics, special If it for your sewing, and meal. seems

My Name.... knitting are but a few of the skills to cost too much, try budgeting

My Address

City Zone.. State..

316 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IN YOUR HOME for to of timeahead room make the IN YOUR CHAPEL. is will need. Thereextras you wonderful therapy in making something

elegant for yourself—and it does cost

less than taking the family out to eat.

Begin that figure improvement campaign. Start today to gain or

lose those pounds that have concerned you. Often exercise is

needed more than diet to shape up. ''>.

Treat yourself to a brisk walk everyday and a few pushups and situpsi

Remind yourself daily that this is the birthday present you gave your- 'fZy self—a few moments each day for a

better figure.

Invite your neighbor in for a snack. Your troubles will shrink and

your outlook will brighten by sharingyour kitchen and a snack with the PRATT * LAMBERT woman next door. A good neighbor

is a lasting birthday gift. You can

have one for the invitation.

acquaintance. Reold an Renew in Countless the area homes and beautifully of our decomost many

girl enjoyed friend that youmember rated finished are Chapels inside the finest—Pratt and out with LDS

in school? you wereso when much paints varnishes. and & Lambert will letter, call, or card phoneA

bring her back again. There is a SALT LAKE GLASS & PAINT CO.

feeling of permanence that comes "Decorating Center of the Intermountain Area"with keeping up the old friendships. 330 East 4th South Salt Lake City, Utah

She will be happy you remembered—See your local Pratt & Lambert dealer—

her, and there will be delightful hours of reminiscing.

Take a favorite magazine to a cozy corner. It costs but a few minutes to read a story or two. Articles

are broadening and worthwhile.

Stories can take you into the world of makebelieve. Try reading something that is entirely the opposite of

your daily life. If you are a homemaker, read about career girls. If

you are smalltown, unsophisticated folk, escape into the world of penthouses of the African jungle. Are

you weary from dealing with problems of your children? Read about

the problems of the bachelor girls and the childless! Reading is an

escape from everything, and it costs so little. III lllllf IIIIMMIMIIIIIMIIIMIIIIIIIIU I1IIIII11IIEIII

walk along a leisurely Have the Please send NAME It is your the park.river or through

gift to yourself. Has it been ages Free ADDRESS

since you dared to stroll? Are you

CITY STATEusually hustling along with loaded HOME STUDY to yourbest gift yourarms? Then Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah or Catalog to... HOME STUDY a bundleself is without a walk

a worry. Observing the people,

pigeons, and squirrels in the park or the solitude of the river bank can be HUNT WYOMING MULE DEER, MOOSE & ELK SACRAMENT TRAYS bucks P.B.O. established from trophy Approved camp's gift to from birthday unforgettablean

in shooting September guaranteed camp, pack DRIPLESS 100% Trail July ridesyourself. June, and December. through

holds Rottom water of in streams. fishing lakes August. and Good or the Breada'l usedTray cups.$3.00 Vater drawers $7.00 the dresser—trayMatching Tray Do to or Write, Phone Wire

HUNTING CAMPS GRANT M. BARRUS INC. CO., PLASTICAL Afton, Licensed Wyo.

Calif. Gardena, So. Normandie, Guide 13012 Outfitter Phone 016ML Bonded

APRIL. 1963 317

SALT LAKE CITY'S Ttetve&C WoteC

closet. kitchen or the windows Do HOTEL to something you have wanted

TEMPLE SQUARE for a long time but didn't seem doto get done. to someIt's a treat have

MODERN COFFEE SHOPS DINING ROOMS thing that accomplished dreaded. you

DOWNTOWN RATES: fulIf youshelfprepareliner andyourselfa few newwithgadgetscolorSINGLES $6.00 the job will be pleasant. Something

DOUBLES $8.00 as simple as a different kind of deTWINS $10.00 tergent or window cleaner can be

a gift to yourself on your birthday.

If you plan to do a dreaded job on your birthday you will want to make the finished job a real treat. Going

about the job in a leisurely fashion helps to make it a treat. Gay linings,

fresh curtains, and a different arrangement makes the doing a real birthday gift.

Children Under 12 Free Acquire a new friend. Just for

fun try going out and making a new

FREE Drive -inPARKING acquaintance. This is an excellent

Clarence L West, Manager birthdayselfconfidence.gift becauseIs itthererenewsa yournew

PHONE EL 5-2961 neighbor? If you make the first

75 West South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah friendly gesture you will win a new and lasting friend. This may be an

MUSIC FOR THE HOME! handicappedelderly personorwhosick needspersonfriends,or some-a

Music adds a touch of refinement to one new and strange to your localyour children which they will carry with ity. To have a friend is to be one.

them all their life. It is easy to find new friends. PerSee us or write us for haps the child next door is aching

Kimball Hammond to have an adult friend. Any new

- friend makes an ideal gift on Chkkering 0r9an Co

Any kind of sheet your day.

Fischer Piano music. You can have a bubble bath and

a facial! It's such a simple gift to

yourself, yet, many homemakers just don't take the time to enioy a leisurely bath. You will feel like a

sew person when you submerge in your fragrant tub of froth. A new

glow will seem to erase a year rather than add one when your gift to yourself is a home facial. Your cosmetic counter has elegant preparations that are designed to smooth

the skin and give you a younger look.

When your birthday rolls around accept the added year without moodiness. You don't even need to

resent the forgetfulness if those you love forget your day. The sensible

thing to do is to give yourself one or more of these wonderful birthday gifts. There is nothing like a gift to

yourself to give you a bright outIN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS look on the year ahead. Most of

DRINK Aids in treatment of Canker, simple these gifts will give you such sparkle sore throat and other minor mouth that your family will be intrigued and throat irritations. by the mystery of what birthdaysficq A delightful

for those do to you! hot beverage who don't drink coffee. HALL'S REMEDY

Salt Lake City, Utah AT YOUR GROCERS K -t!-i'ill-K)()-KHBK)-(i(H t()-()G(i

318 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA OUTDOOR The Church Moves On

(Continued from page 250)COMPANION

high councils, as a bishop, a bishop's counselor, and as stake YMMIA superintendent. His wife Mrs. Frances Taylor Tate will accompany him

to the Berlin assignment. A son Joel

is serving a mission in the Southwest

Indian Mission, and a daughter

Nancy Ellen is expected to join her parents in the mission field at the conclusion of the university year.

NEW BUBBLE SUNGLASSES FOR THE SPORTSThis afternoon fire destroyed

Here MAN. es, that one is hasa mostinterchangeableunusual pair lenses.of sunglassWith the historic MIA girls'home at

each frame get 3 pair you J at the head of Big Cottongrey. green, dark brown, dark ofA lenses:lense todarkfit Brighton, all types of sun conditions. They are easy to wood Canyon southeast of Salt

interchange, takes Like only a minute. having

different pairs 3 of the glasses price Lake City. Loss was estimated for only

1. of check or order Send Now $3.98. money at $75,000.00.

(no lenses COD's). are White and yellow also

available at $1.00 per pair each. (Dealer ininvited). quiries Dept. GIFT SHOPPERS, E. 113 The First Presidency announced All nature is yours to explore when you Ave., S. Edgemont Los Calif. Angeles 4,

I the appointment of Elder Edtake along the all new HONDA Trail ward L. Clissold as president of the "55"—the trail machine that needs no

Hawaiian Temple, succeeding Presitrail!

dent Roland Tietjen. This will be

President Clissold's third term as The Trail "55"is virtually indestructpresident of the temple. He is a ible and maintenancefree, yet so comit'll fit on a former president of both the Hawaii pact and light (121 lbs.)

and the Japanese missions, and car bumper with a simple attachment has served as a counselor and is—or in a station wagon, camper, trailer

now president of the Oahu (Haor small boat. Superpowerful low gear

waii) Stake. ratio of 70 to 1! Speeds to 30 m.p.h.,

with quickchange sprocket for 45 m.p.h. touring! Powered Honda's by First Presidency announced FBThe THE THE FUN BEGINS ENDS WHERE ROAD O.H.V. engine! 55 cc 4-cycle "55". take along TRAIL you when a HONDA Alvin famous of Elder \ the appointment

lbs., fits only easily car 121 It weighs on a

of the as president Fletcher in W. or trailer station or bumper a wagon, of nearest dealer, For name phone "55"Trail takes The over camper. you Honda PresiMission Swedish succeeding

lbs. terrain the carrying rugged most of 250 Western Union ask for and OPERATOR

with delivers to payload up ease—yet 200 dent President A. Gideon Omer. 25. m.p.g. ratio Superpowerful gear of low 70

Fletcher, of Billings, a resident 1. Monto to quickchange with m.p.h. Speeds up 30

sprocket touring. m.p.h. for 45 Powered by tana, is the first counselor in the

cc 4-cycle O.H.V. engine. 55 Honda's famous

call dealer of nearest Western For name presiStates Central Mission West HONDA Operator or write 25 to AMERICAN HONDAUnion, "55"dency. as TRAIL previously served He has Blvd., INC., Pico CO., 4077 Los W. MOTOR

Angeles 19, Calif. a member of a district presidency in

a mission, as assistant to two mission presidents, and as first counselor to two mission presidents. His wife,

Jean Malowney Fletcher, will acplus destination and setup charge company him to this new assignment. They have a son currently

serving in the California Mission;

their daughter, Nancy Jean, a high school sophomore, will join her parWorld's Largest Motorcycle Manufacturer ents at the close of the school year.

[Elder Joseph L. Wirthlin, forWrite on letterhead for dealer franchise information, American

ATTENTION: DEER HUNTERS, CAMPERS. It's Imer Presiding Bishop of the Honda Motor Co., Inc., 4077 W. Pico Blvd., Los Angeles 19.

too to not early order "Konnie"Hand a new trip. Church, passed away. Funeral servor hunting for camping next your Saw

it. like else "Konnie"Nothing Hand Saw IE63-4 Dept. CO., INC. MOTOR HONDA ices conducted in the Assembly AMERICAN were cutting special cuts or with meat firewood Calif. Station, Angeles Heights Los 6, Pico Box 20918, P.O.

It of short blade makes work 28. Hall on January "55"to: literature free TRAIL on send HONDA Please is of SAFER carcass.Made THAN USE TO ANthat AXE.deer

ounces, lightweight 6 only weighs aluminum,

L. is for Scabbard and W. I6V2"6V2"

is removable included Blade charge. of Free blade South Carolina West Stake, the NAMESTREET

steel. of Swedish Only $3.50 and made each 366th now functioning in the CITY STATEPHONE- cutting blade, with meat with or $4.50 wood

cutting or metal blade. Specify type wanted. Include information on the complete Honda "50"line.

to Suite order (no COD's) check Send or money

Street, INC., 206, 327 Richmond RICHCON El 125Includeto 305informationcc). on Honda motorcycle line (9 models,

Calif. Segundo,

APRIL 1963 319 THE IDEAL GIFT

For Mother on Mother's Day! Church was organized from parts of present Mexican Mission. HeadGreenboro (North Carolina) Stake quarters will be in Vera Cruz. At

For the Bride and Groom! and mission areas from the Central this time President Beecroft has been

For the Entire Family Any Day! Atlantic States and Southern States. serving as coordinator of the SpanElder Ivan A. Larson, who had been ishspeaking units of the Church in

serving as first counselor in the the Salt River Valley. He has also

Greensboro Stake presidency was been a counselor in a bishopric and

Holtj sustainedstake with asElderspresidentEdgarof M.the Poolenew panyinga presidenthim ofto thea branch.mission fieldAccomwill

and Evan D. Ginn as counselors. The be his wife, Helen May Taylor Beeorganization was under the direction croft and their daughter Katheryn.

Scriptures ofCouncilElder ofLeGrandthe TwelveRichardsand ofElderthe Thechildren.coupleThisalsois thehavefourthtwomissionolder

Alvin R. Dyer, Assistant to the of the Church now functioning in

Twelve. At a special conference in Mexico. Two stakes are also organOF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST Nauvoo, in August 1841, Elder Abraized there.

OF LATTERDAY SAINTS ham O. Smoot was called to labor as

a missionary in South Carolina. FEBRUARY 1963

All LDS Scriptures and References in One Beautifully Elder Jack F. Joyner sustained as Volume Bound

president of South Carolina Stake This is the month of the annual 72 Wonderful Full Colors Illustrations succeeding President Benjamin W. Primary Penny Drive with the

Top Grain Leather for Lasting Protection and Beauty Wilkerson. Elders R. Ernest Graham money going to support the Primary

and Charles C. Branham were susChildren's Hospital in Salt Lake

Large, Clear Type for Easy Reading tained as counselors. Both President City which accepts patients without

Joyner and Elder Graham served as regard to race or creed. Suggested

Thumb Indexed Edition counselors to President Wilkerson. amount now is two cents for each

$42.95 Elder Richard B. Sonne sustained year of the contributor's age.

plus tax. as president of Palo Alto (California)

Stake succeeding President David B. Milwaukee (Wisconsin) Stake

Haight who has recently been called created from parts of Chicago as president of the Scottish Mission. Stake and the Northern States MisElders Lund A. Johnson and Ronald sion with Elder DeWitt C. Smith

E. Poelman were sustained as counsustained as president and Elders

selors. Both President Sonne and Fred H. Busselberg and Walter H.

Elder Johnson served as counselors Kindt as counselors. The stake, the

to President Haight. 367th functioning, was organized Published by Oeseret Book Company

Sold Exclusively by Independent Dealers Appointed under the direction of Elders LeInc. Publications, Wheelwright by

Fund Raising Project flj| The First Presidency announced Grand Richards and Howard W. or Quorum a Ward, Auxiliary May Be Used as

the appointment of Elder Heber Hunter of the Council of the Twelve.

G. Taylor as president of the Eastern Wisconsin was suggested as a

Inc. Publications,Wheelwright

971 Temple, Salt South West Lake City, Utah Atlantic States Mission succeeding gathering place for the Saints in preHave representative call and show me the Holy Scriptures. President George B. Hill. Mission Nauvoo days. The suggestion was

I am interested in a sales dealership for my area. headquarters are in Bethesda, Marynever acted upon.

I want to buy a book. Enclosed is a check/money order for $42.95 for land. At the time of this call Presithumb-indexed edition, plus sales tax. dent Taylor is a counselor to the Chicago South (Illinois) Stake

Name... chairman of the Hillside (Salt Lake was created from parts of ChiCity) genealogical committee. He has cago Stake and the Northern StatesAddress.

been School super- a ward Sunday Mission with Elder Lysle R. Cahoon

City Zone State. intendent, of a stake a member as Sunsustained president Elders and

day School superintendency, a ward John Sonnenberg and Dallin H.

and a stake YMMIA superintendent, Oaks as counselors. This is the 368th

ADDRESS LABEL SHOWS a stake missionary, and a president stake functioning in the Church. It

EXPIRATION MONTH of a quorum of seventy. He filled a was organized under the direction of

in the mission 192124. Netherlands, Elders Richards LeGrand and Howsubscrip- current last issue yourThe of this to With him assignment will go ard Hunter of of the Council W. label; is indicated addresstion your on wife Taylor. Dorothy Swenson the Twelve. letters your his thefor example, mean OCTsubscription expires in October—DEC, They have three married children. Elder Paul W. Jespersen was

in December,that it will expire etc. sustained as president of Chicago

Subscriptions entered more than for one year have numbers following the The First Presidency announced Stake succeeding President John K.

month, such as OCT 64-. This means the creation of a new mission, Edmunds who has served as stake

that subscriptions will expire in Octothe Southeast Mexican. Called to president for eighteen years. Presiaddress your 1964. Checkber of label preside was Elder Carl J. Beecroft of dent Jespersen's counselors are Elders least at one month renewoften and

ahead of the expiration date. Scottsdale, Arizona. The mission J. Darold Johnson and Everett

will include the eastern half of the L. Butler.

The Improvement Era

320 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Your Family and You

April 1963

Marion D. Hanks,

Editor; Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor

322 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Home BY ELAINE CANNON

Home... home... you've heard all the old quips ing... it's where your horde of books, snapshots,

about it... a place where you hang your hat... records, and THINGS are stashed... it's birthday

sign up for the family car... wait for the allowcakes and family reunions... it's everyone raking

ance dole... grab a snack. up the leaves in the fall and gardening in the

You get so you sort of take the old abode for spring... it's preparations for little brother's

granted sometimes. It's there, it's familiar... Scout trips, and big brother's mission... it's prayit's just home, that's all. ing together and singing together... sessions

But is that all? Have you ever been away with Dad on church talks... sessions with Mom

somewhere and been stricken with a hungry on clothes... it's tender, loving care when you're

longing for that place you call "home"? It's then sick and a heap of understanding when you're

you know that home is more than the roof over blue... it's the place where you're loved the most

your head...and that it truly takes a heap of living by those who know you best.

to make a house a home for you or anybody else. Home is your own welcome mat to friends,

Home is where you loll on the floor and read where you can pay back their kindnesses to you

Sunday's funnies... where a fragrance of fresh... it's frantic preparations on Prom night...

bread baking or pot roast cooking is tantalizing telephone calls for you... it's family squabbles,

but promising... where your fifth grade masterfamily fun.

piece STILL hangs in the breakfast room... It's not unlike other homes yet it's special to

and the scratches of your pup's claws mark the you because your things, your loves, your happy back door. growing up memories are there. It's a lot of

Home is afterschool-snacks of your own choosthings, home is, and all pretty special at that.

APRIL 1963 323 Rally 'round the home hearth teens. Take a fresh look

at family togetherness.

Because your most important part in family life can be the giving of good ideas and helping put them to.work, why not start now to make

your family the one you'd like most to come home to?

* Chart a work chart.

* Design a "where I'm going and when I'll return"book.

* Suggest family prayers.

* Stage a whocan-memorizethe-mostscriptures-in-a-week contest.

* Set up a suggestion box and schedule a night to consider the suggestions. Plan prizes and party food.

* At Sunday dinner take turns telling of "do unto others"experiences you've noted about various family members during the week.

* Plot a project: redecorate a room, work on food storage, enter a

contest, update family histories, take a program to a shutin, share your family hour with newcomers or nonmembers.

* Have a sing along.

4 jjP "

:v:|! u..::;

ParentsTowardBY LINDA CAMPORA God and

You were a valiant spirit in the preexistence, father, Alma. His son was a real troublemaker

and when the two plans were presented, you and had to have an angel of the Lord strike him couldn't contain your enthusiasm and hope of dumb before he repented and became a powerbeing able to have a tabernacle of flesh and bone ful missionary.

in order to begin anew on earth. Although you Obedience, respect, and honor are most imporhated to leave the glorious home of your beloved tant, but the greatest gift that can be given is

Father, two people on earth were praying for you living a good life, keeping the principles of the and waiting hopefully for your arrival. gospel, and having an undying testimony. This

I believe this is what Nephi meant when he includes a goal for temple marriage. This is the

said, "I, Nephi, having been born of goodly paronly thing which will permit us to have a manents."What are youth's responsibilities to their sion and family in our Father's celestial kingdom.

goodly parents? In order to be worthy of a temple marriage we

If God had faith enough to trust these two peomust constantly live clean lives. This teen time of

ple with one of his choicest spirits, his most priceour life is of most concern and worry to our parless possessions, shouldn't youth have faith ents. They know the strong impulses and

enough in his judgment to listen to their parents'emotions we are beginning to experience. Theirs

counsel and obey, respect, and honor them? were the same lovely discoveries. They only want

Do we confide in our parents, or do we tell to help and guide.

them, "You just don't understand"? Do we share

"You ought to be true for the sake of theour lives, or do we tiptoe past their lighted bedroom after a date? Are we expecting them to folks who think you are true.

You should never stoop to a deed that yourtrust us when we tell untruths about places, times, and friends? Can we say, "This is my mom and folks think you would not do.

this is my dad,"and be proud of it or do we beIf you are false to yourself, be the blemish come as base as some young folk and refer to but small,

You have injured your folks, you have beenthem as "the old lady"and "my old man"? Have

we ever thought of staying home with the smaller false to them all."Edgar A. Guest.

children one night so they can go to a movie, or is it always our turn for the car? Does Mom get The spirit that left was pure, eager, valiant,

to wear her new blouse only once, and then we choice. Each day we live should be with one

take it over? thought and goal, to return just as pure and

Think of the suffering of Alma the Younger's choice as when we came.

What's wrong with this family picture?Q

You're only seeing part of it. See yourself AND your family members

the other. Pinpoint to each about others see them. Get know ALLA as'they really relative what love them for y and about your humanness"

are, not for what they can do for you.

tr\

. mum Building Missionaries

# There are many faithful young people living in Europe who have come with their parents to help the Saints build chapels. They are part of

the Church building missionary corps. They have

given up school and friends and fun at home to come to strange lands with strange customs and strange languages. They have gone to foreign

schools, the lucky ones to American military schools, and some to no schools at all.

They have made new friends in and out of the

Church. Some have won honors and finished the

year at the head of their class. They have been

a wonderful asset to the Church wherever they are.

Here in Holland I have not been able to go to school, and so have been taking correspondence courses from the universities of Utah and California. My sister LouAnn finished her senior

year in high school via the mailman and graduated from Olympus Seminary the same way.

These overseas teens are working in the Church wherever asked. Some have been called on proselyting missions while living here. While only 16,

1 have been called as the Sunday School superintendent, and LouAnn, 19, is the associate managing editor of The Builder. The only other

LDS American teen in Holland, Robert Lybbert, is a counselor in the MIA in the Amsterdam Ward.

Often we are lonely and homesick for friends to talk to, for it is difficult to make friends and express ideas when a language stands in the way.

Yet we know that in time we will master the language.

We truly feel that we are missionaries and representatives of our Church and country in this land of Holland, and that it is a wonderful experience for us. *

Richard Jackson ISaarden, The Netherlands

Guten Tag!

This is a report from Germany courtesy of the

Biesinger teens, Stephen, George, and Kathy.

There are nine children in our family, and we've accept it with a sincere heart and fulfil it to the called Germany, England, and New Zealand home utmost of your ability. You'll have experiences

—and sometime even before that the "foreign"you'll never have any other way. And your testicity of Salt Lake in the country of USA. mony of the truthfulness of this gospel will grow

We're American citizens who had a tough time as ours has.

going to school in American schools those few Stephen, George, and Kathy Biesinger short months we were back in the valley. We've

learned a lot about languages, methods, mores, people, and places in our travels and wouldn't trade our way of life for anything. The Germans are officially finished with regular

Our father, George Biesinger, is currently schooling at age fourteen. I was therefore very

supervisor of the Church building program here. lucky to be able to attend a German GymWe were on a building mission in New Zealand for nasium. One of my father's old German friends

10y2 years before we came to Europe. was kind enough to go to the school and explain

At present we are attending the Frankfurt our problem with the language.

American High School which is for dependents of The first day I attended school showed me how the United States Armed Forces. It's school considerate the German boys could be. When

Americanstyle, but it's costly. It costs each of I walked into the door, all of the students stood

us $119 a half semester plus $27 a year for transupright looking very proud to have an American portation because we are not army dependents. in their class. Each student wanted to sit by

We're all active in school athletics and activities the American. I was assigned to a boy who could

and are trying to make a good thing out of this speak very good English. He made me feel very

mission call. much at home. I was filled with many questions

We've had some great experiences working tothe first week. I met some German friends who

gether as a family on church building projects. took me under their wing and stopped by my

While we were living in England we all helped apartment before and after school.

on the building at Epsom. In the gym classes every Monday I could tell

Kathy received a thick pair of snow gloves that the students were out to show me that they while in America, and upon her return to England were more physically active than the Americans.

she wore them completely to shreds tossing over In fact, they started contests the day I arrived.

three thousand bricks with a group of English I was trying not to give a bad impression of the teens helping to build the new chapel. Americans by putting as much ability as I could

While digging a drainage trench there, Stephen into the tests. One thing they seemed to be happy

and George found the body of an AngloSaxon about was the fact that they were better than I warrior one thousand years old but very well was on the parallel bars. After that day they

preserved. It is going to be on display in the chose me to be handball goalie for the class. It

British Museum. gave me a good impression of the Germans when

We also attended the gospel study classes with I noticed they were all about the same in every the building missionaries. It is very inspiring sport—very good.

and strengthening to our testimonies to work After attending this school for two months I with these young building missionaries. They felt it would be better for me to go to the Amerigive two years of their time and energy without can High School. This school is very different

pay. We all hope and pray that if anyone of you from the ones at home in Salt Lake City. It is

is ever called on a proselyting or building mission for military dependents, and so I and the other or to hold any position in the Church that you will students from our Mormon colony in Bad

APRIL 1963 329 Vilbel have a good opportunity to meet many our teacher is a lieutenant colonel in the Army, new students. and he has to be to work at 7:30. We meet in a

While attending the school my friends and I tin Army building every school morning.

tried hard to play soccer, and each of us was Pat Berg fortunate enough to win a letter. At the assembly

I was very much surprised to be called up to the front and awarded with a trophy as the most valuable sophomore soccer player. When I first found out that I was going to

I am fortunate to have such wonderful friends Germany to live for a couple of years, I thought as I have here: George Biesinger, Stephen that it was the worst thing that could happen.

Biesinger, Kathy Biesinger, Mary Jane Andrew, But now I am very grateful that my father has

Pat Berg, Kris Kersick, Evelyn Voigt, Joy been called on a building mission and that I have

Haines, Bob Dyer, and Bob Burton. Every one the opportunity of living here in Germany and

sets a fine example for the Church. of learning more about it and of the GerRichard Crandall man people.

Ever since I first stepped off the plane in

Germany five months ago, I've really liked it. I

was surprised when I got here to find how modern

In my wildest dreams I never had an idea that it is. But as well as modern cities and heavy

I would come to Europe to live. Upon arriving traffic, there are little villages, ancient castles,

in Germany I had to pinch myself to make sure and people on bikes all over. I was also surprised

I wasn't dreaming. Especially when I rode down to find a good old American root beer stand.

the street and saw street lights, large modern There are many other Americans here, most of stores, auto balms as well as cobblestone alleys, them in the Army. The Army has a high school

and people dressed in stylish apparel. Before called Frankfurt American High and that is where

coming I had pictured Germany to be very primi- I go to school because it is school American style.

tive and back a few hundred years. I was very There are only eleven of us there who are memrelieved to find things quite upto-date. bers of the Church. This gives us a chance to tell

While I have been in Germany, I have had the the others about our Church.

opportunity of traveling through Europe with my Every morning at 5:00 we get up and sleepily

parents to visit church building sites and attend dress, then ive all pile in the car, and off we go building conferences in other areas. It has been to our seminary tvhich we have at 6:30. This is a

interesting and inspiring to me to meet the buildspecial treat here. Not all LDS children traveling

ing missionaries who have given of their time and have seminary.

talents to help build chapels for the Church. I have met many wonderful people and had exMany of these boys are from the East Zone, and periences that I never woidd have otherwise.

their families are still on the other side. To hear I'm thrilled.

their testimonies and experiences at the conferKris Kerksick ences has helped me to gain a greater testimony of the gospel and this work.

I have the opportunity of going to seminary here. This is the first seminary group they have I wish that I could even begin to express my gratihad in Germany. Last year we didn't have semitude to my Heavenly Father for calling us here to

nary. It is very much like our seminary at home Germany. There is never a day when something

except that we meet from 6:30 to 7:30 because special doesn't happen to make my life happier here.

330 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I think that the opportunities for young people in our branch are wonderful. There are always positions that need to be filled and things that need to be

done. I have been fortunate in being able to hold

the positions of chorister and pianist in three different organizations, and I'm so thankful that I have the ability to do my part in this way.

Our group of young people is outstanding, and I think you'd have to look a long time to find a comparable group. Our weekends are always filled

with activities, based mainly around Church. Let me

just tell you about one recent weekend. Saturday

afternoon I was privileged to speak at a baptism of a young man who was introduced to the gospel by one of our young men in the branch. I think that

that was the high light of the whole weekend.

Saturday evening we all attended an MIA dance that L to r. Pat Fathergale and John Crabtree,

we usually hold every other week. Sunday we atmissionaries; Stephen Biesinger on site of Epson Chapel, London.

tended our regular meetings and afterward held a little gettogether at our branch president's home and spent the evening singing.

As I sat there singing, I began to wonder where else in the world I would be able to find such a wonderful group of wholesome, outstanding young people, except in the Church. The impression that this mission has made on my life can never be measured. I

feel very fortunate in just being able to have associated with these people.

Mary Jane Andrew

Lou Ann Jackson

Mary Jane Andrew L to r. Richard Crandall, Steve Biesinger, George

Biesinger, Kris Kerkseck, Pat Berg and Kathy

Biesinger.

Tt won, t fe e the "* *,ove - -; "JopeO U "a kind o, recei This is—ve* ever you, one fishiest I, t world. iest.1 in tM

- us at -cause you hoe a *- you * * thmgs. - when me anyttling safes, you ta -cause you? xove X y would taxl life "else vmy if oole m *"* mySelf f ".**- "1 -eP food. love,10ve wi"1it, me be dinB must DroviP the.1 pockets along me pQOr? for By made pay guldance the when sure ee f servi

. sacrxf.ee 1 it for J for you. you you've love I. product. kindneSS a made never f ve serv of ouwe certain you t in though me you ltb example iplinxng ng the disc P andand for,B for grve anQ obey yu ahout me teaching

of need., don t. saylng occasions - "-:,:"-'- for f r <—you you love love!:r- of peoP--—I II* lt> when kmd fflymy, sos o. r e you vyoU told you surprised* y the love X all, that's Teen you, love!

remind me to say "thank you"discipline me in front of my and "how do you do"before friends others

discipline me in front of their live one way and preach

Ten friends another

of invade the privacy my set impossible standards for things I wish drawers, diary, and my my to live up to me mail my parents dateoutshine me in front of my quityoung"referring to "when I was

WOULDN'T do:

be careless about telephone look sloppy when my friends 5 messages for me come Ho ta do (m. bvetkjb?&huo eswJk, uxxmo, oofk poetAxun,A

XXJUX

JU/vvu/w.

OMjJllQxrWAk)

keep his/her word about speak to our friends politely when he'll/she'll be home # without having to be told to

listen to advice—even if introduce his/her friends to

us respectfully Some he/she won't always take it things we wish # hang up clothes 8 say,thanks!""\ lovejust younow folksand thenand

niif fnnn our ieen keep room neat 9 not argue so much

WOULD do: *

volunteer the information help around the house more where he/she is going and with whom

Getting to Know You Council, and studentbody secretary. She is now a

freshman at Brigham Young University. While

in high school she also was a member of the service club, senior commencement commissioner,

ViQueens, fashion board, concert choir, and seminary graduate.

Bonnie Kay Wellard, Yuma First

Ward, Yuma (Ariz.-Calif.) Stake

... studentbody secretary,..

head cheerleader... attended

Girls League... attendant to

Campus Queen, Mardi Gras, and FFA Sweetheart... Yuma

County "Miss Maid of Cotton"... president youth missionary

committee... stake Laurel

Shauna, Jeanette, and Larry (sitting) Dave, and president... MIA chorister...Ray (standing) Wagner, Seattle Fourth Ward, Laureate award.

Seattle (Wash.) Stake, are five talented teens

Byron Dangerfield, Gardensetting a high family standard in the Church.

The youngest, Shauna, 9, is an active particiHeights Ward, Canyon Rim... allpant in Sunday School and Primary programs (Salt Lake City) Stake

... honor stuand sings many solos in the Seattle area. Brother Church athlete

... eight individual awardsLarry, 14, is first counselor in his deacons quodent

... youthrum, a member of the school choir, and roll room with 100 percent seals

... ward quartet.representative. Dave, 16, is president of the chorus

teachers quorum, vicechairman of his school's Shirley Stradling, Mesa Second honor society, and president of his seminary class. Ward, Mesa (Ariz.) Stake...

Ray, 17, is secretary of his priests quorum, talented artist... studentbody

president of his Explorer post, past Primary officer... Honor Club... Girls

teacher and chorister, and secretary of his high Athletic Association.. oldest girl

school studentbody. Jeanette, 18, has served as in family of twelve... five indichorister of the junior Sunday School, high school vidual awards... Honor Bee, Mia

Girls Club president, a member of the Executive Joy, and Junior Laureate awards.

tsDedicated to Dad Doting paren

May I ever be deserving of your love. You're like quicksilver, my teen,

Thanks for making my life worth living.

Broken in a dozen parts, Who gave the trees their color Elusive, and yet very real,

And to the flowers their smell? Warming your parents'hearts.

Who gave the birds their song That makes the music swell? You're like a rainbow, my teen,

Often, after storm, Who gave the mountains their strength Full of wonder and of hope,

And to the sea its power? Ready to reform.

Who is it who makes the clouds roll by

You're like a poem, my teen, And the clock to strike the hour?

Rhythmic as a song,

Full of magic imagery, Who is it that makes my life so gay?

Chattering the whole day long.

Believe me now I know It was God that made the world so big You're like no other, my teen,

For his love He thought to show. Unique in every way.

Even your faults are dear to us.

But the love that I'll remember God bless you every day.

Everyday my whole life through BY CAROLINE EYRING MINER

Is that after God had done all this

He had the love to give me you.

BY CHARLOTTE RICHARDS. 16

SALT LAKE CITY The Last Word

Daniel Webster, when A world without a Sabbath would When one door closes, anasked what was the be like a man without a smile, other opens; but we often

greatest thought that had like summer without flowers, and look so long and regretever entered his mind, like a homestead without a fully at the closed door, replied: "My accountgarden. It is the joyous day of the that we do not see the one

ability to Almighty God."whole week.—Henry Ward Beecher which has opened for us.

Out of Gas: The lady walked out of

the grocery store and saw a driverless car rolling slowly down the street.

Thinking quickly, she ran to the car, jerked open the door, slid behind the wheel, and pulled the emergency brake with a hard yank. As she stepped out

feeling proud, a man ivalked up. "Well,

I stopped it,"she beamed. "Yeah, I

know. I was pushing it."—Fun Foundry

Some men have hundreds of reaThere is little chance for people to get sons why they cannot do what together as long as most of us want to be they want to, when all they need in the front of the bus, the back of the is just one reason why they can. church, and the middle of the road.

An elderly farmer wrote to a mail For months she had pleaded with her husband order house as follows: "Please to have his photograph taken. At last he

send me one of the gasoline yielded to her pleading and made the engines you show on page 787, appointment with the photographer. But

and if it's any good, I'll send a when the proofs came through, his wife check."He received the followexclaimed in horror, "Oh, there's only one

ing reply: "Please send check; if button on your coat.""Thank goodness,"

it's any good, we'll send engine."he replied, "you've noticed it at last."—J.J.

HONEY

iirm mmiinTIMl niiniiiTl1lflitf""JMftMMtTlffWMBM mmmmmem

y FULL OF FRESH COUNTRY

Taste it! The golden healthful honey in Nabisco Sugar

Honey Grahams. The freshfrom-thecomb honey in

every crisp, delicious bite. And here's the rich malty

flavor of real graham flour in all its natural goodness

Taste what makes this graham so great... so satisfying, it's America's favorite betweenmeal cracker.

Try the economical 2-pound package.

NABISCO SUGAR HONEY GRAHAMS Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

Responsibilities growing:

? How about your Beneficial v Mortgage Insurance

Your responsibilities grow along with your family. responsibility: that of making sure they'll always

Each family addition brings new joys - and new have the home you want for them - and not just needs. Among these is space. Perhaps you've the memory of it. Beneficial Life Mortgage Insurremodeled your present home to add more rooms. ance can make all the difference. And it costs so

Or you may have purchased recently, or considered little when compared with the peace of mind that purchasing, a larger home. However you plan to comes with it. Ask your Beneficial Life man

provide the space for living that your family for details.

needs... don't overlook another important

BENEFICIAL LIFE

Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah