*#/ ijjfife-w.-#':':..l

isase**

jSiy*''

k*3P*..."

77ze Impiouement Era;:- '

'June 1959 **L &H?m

r

fj* w t - **E

i3

7bm Hollyman took our photograph three days out of Vancouver. You can also sailfrom Los Angeles or San Francisco.

Now you can swim to Australia—on an Orient & Pacific liner

courses, to nine. for Seas eleven are lunch the South aboard bound And Orient &

trained Pacific's are the Continent. Pacific chefs There golden are Orsova.YOUOrient on &

sixteen days of cruising luxury between you and At night, you meet new friends. Ignore the

Australia. A marvelous thought. clock. And when the parties end, you sleep like a

You're looking down at the Orsova's bluetiled baby. Your liner's underwater wings smooth

First Class swimming pool. It's a wonderful place oceans into millponds.

to contemplate the richness of your life. An See your travel agent now. Roundtrip fares

English steward serves you by the poolside. Or to Australia start at $604, to the Far East at $672.

you can sit in a seagoing sidewalk cafe nearby Orient & Pacific Lines: Suite D, 210 Post

and soak up the sunshine. Street, San Francisco. Cunard Line: General

It's all very international. Dinner runs to Passenger Agents in United States and Canada.

SWEET

MmM. &* JUGS W&$:iim:i$ OP

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

Milk MARMALADE The ancient Greeks shrank from drinking cow's milk, which was PURITY HAS PUT IT IN COOKIES FOR YOU!

considered unwholesome. From thetime of Homer milk and cheese Here is something really new—Orange Marmalade

were mainly from ewes and goats. Cookies by Purity. Pure, rich, flavory orange marmalade is

blended right in the batter along with lots of fresh

Trapdoor eggs and other wonderful things. Result—superSpiders quality, superdelicious cookies like nothing

Some of the you've ever tasted before. They take you

trapdoor spiders right back to Grandma's sweetsmelling kitchen!

are so clever at camouflage that when they dig (The easiest way is to pick up a holes and fix a bag or two at your favorite trapdoor on the grocer's—a full pound for

top of the hole with a hinge they plant live moss on the top of the door.

Cool Electric Currents

An interesting and important new application is being made of electric current for cooling. The effect was

discovered by Peltier in 1834 that when an electric current flows through a junction of two different metals there is either a heating or cooling depending on the direction of the current. Future satellites

may be cooled using solar batteries and this effect.

They Like Company

The common convergent ladybird beetles (Hippodamia convergens) OUAITGE of the western mountains in the

United States gather into large inchesclumps several deep in a few cookies locations they the MARMALADE where spend winter. "v PURITY

PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatello

JUNE 1959 393 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Contents for June 1959 Volume 62, Number 6

Church Features

General Conference Section: 402

The Editor's Page: To Hold the Priesthood, President David O. McKay 406

Your Question: What Is a Testimony? President Joseph Fielding Smith 408 Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Just Another Book?—Part II, Hugh Nibley 412 Associations,Committee, DepartmentWard Teachers,of Education,Music

and other agencies of the The Church Moves On, 404; Melchizedek Priesthood: A Program of Service, 418; The PreLatter-dayChurch of Saints.Jesus Christ of

siding Bishopric's Page, 420.

Special Features

The Gentleman Bronco (So That's What Boys Are Made Of-X)

W. Cleon Skouserl 414

President Stephen L Richards, Gordon B. Hinckley 416

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans.... 492, 496, 498, 502

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 393; These Times: Hawaii, G. Homer Durham,

396; Letters and Reports, 398. ART AND PHOTO CREDITS

Cover: Gaell Lindstrom

John Davenport, 393 Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock EdHaroldMaryon,M. Lambert,410 396

Dave Burton, 412, 413 Recipes from "Out of this World"494 H.MaxArmstrongTharpe, 415Roberts, 418

Jeanne Lindorff, 420 Bride's Corner 499 DaleEd MaryonBryner,and422480Ralph Reynolds, 494

The Last Word 504

Stories, PoetryAngel Material, Norah Eddington 410

Poetry 402, 481, 482, 483, 484, 486, 500

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 11, Utah

and Richard David O. McKay

Editor; Production Albert L. Zobell,L. Evans,Jr., ResearchEditors; DoyleEditor;L.JohnGreen,G. Kinnear,ManagingEditorialEditor; Associate;Marba C. FlorenceJosephson,B-AssociatePinnock, ManagingToday's FamilyEditor;Editor;ElizabethHalphJ. ReynoldsMoffitt,

and Ed Maryon, Art Directors.

Archibald F. Bennett, G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Milton R. Hunter, Hugh Nibley, Sidney B. Sperry, Contributing Editors.

Joseph T. Bentley, General Manager; Bertha S- Reeder, Associate General Manager; Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription Director;

Thayer Evans, Regional Advertising Representative.

COVER: THE Saints. of All of rights Inc., Christ the Associations Latterday the Copyright Jesus Church Improvement published 1959 Funds, by and by Mutual Mutual

issues. for single special reserved. Subscription except price, in advance;of year, foreign in copy, a 25c year, advance; subscriptions, $2.50 $3.00 a glorious in blossom

in for section the Post at rate Office, special 1103. provided Entered at postage Salt for mailing of City, as secondclass matter. Lake Acceptance Utah Utah. Act Yuccain southern The of 1917, authorized 2, 1918. October July

fullcolor photography is by l'Ac at the rate are of for for acceptance contributions. unsolicited responsible on paid Improvement Era Manuscripts The not welcomes manuscripts but

a faculty Gaell Lindstrom, for sufficient return. delivery a postage word be must by accompaniedis and and

Thirty notice days'cannot changes be madeis requiredunless forthe changeold addressof address.as well asWhenthe neworderingone isa included.change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address memberUniversity,at Logan.Utah State

394 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA JENNIE BROWN RAWLINS Stories, anecdotes, and illustrative material for talks and lessons. Alphabetized. $1.75

TRUTHS WE LIVE BY

Discourses on Ten Commandments and Beatitudes by General Authorities. $1.50

Deseret Book Company 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah Gentlemen:

Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money order ( ) I have an account.

El

books: charge12 ior 3 (encircled)4 5 numbered Dcseret

44 Easl South Temple rfLioOO''-iia* Salt Lake Cily. Ulah Please

Name....

Address

City Zone State Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

JUNE 1959 395 A GREAT CHART These Times ON THE PLAN OF SALVATION The work and glory of God is to bring to pass the immortality and eternal life of man.

The new colored and improved "Plan of Salvation"chart should be in every home. A most complete

and useful visual aid for all teachers in the Church, missionaries, seminaries, etc. 24"size complete

with references. Only a section of

it is shown here. Available at

Deseret Book Store, Salt Lake City, or HAWAII: THE VISUAL AID BOX 134, ROOSEVELT, UTAH, PHONE 111 the fiftieth state

PRICE $1.95

Plus Postage.05 of the American Union

by G. Homer Durham

Vice President, University of Utah

Get worlds The figure "50"is significant. In themselves to the peoples, races,

the book of Leviticus the fiftieth ideals, values, and experiences of the of hot water year is designated as a year of great PacificAsiatic world. "jubilee."In 1880 President John Some may view with misgivings

3 times as fast Taylor of the Church of Jesus Christ the admission of Hawaii on precisely of Latterday Saints designated that these grounds. Indeed, in the dewith a year, the fiftieth anniversary of the bate since 1903, when Hawaii first

Church's founding, as a year of knocked at the door, such considerations minds. occupied have many "QUICK RECOVERY"jubilee.

time, however, the experiAmericans, taking the long view, By this may well envision the admission of ence of many in Hawaii, including

Hawaii, the fiftieth state to enter the those making tourist trips, business as an event warassociations, religious ties, all manELECTRIC American Union, ranting jubilation. A recent comment ner of things, appear to have comin the Courier stated, "The men of pletely demonstrated the soundness

our time have been constantly preof the basic religious proposition WATER occupied with the problem of that all men are children of the same confronting Eastern and Western Father; that all men may find ways

cultural values and of finding a basis to peaceful living together, given the HEATER for further understanding between right attitudes, the proper laws, and the peoples of these two parts of the will to do so.

the world."Early in 1958 Salt Lake City reMore than any other place within ceived a most distinguished visitor

the purview of American cultural from the East. Sir Sarvepalli Radexperience, East and West meet in hakrishnan, vicepresident of India,

Hawaii. Hawaii is a demonstration visited the city, called on Church

that the Americans, whose social, leaders, and addressed a distinpolitical, and economic institutions guished group at the University of have grown out of AngloEuropean Utah. This distinguished scholar,

value systems, can accommodate perhaps (Continued on page 400)

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

396 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Postum is the natural wholegrain drink

When you're looking for a hearty, healthful drink, try Postum. POSTUl

Postum is made from wholegrain cereals, slowroasted to *T *—bring out a rich, satisfying flavor.

Postum is 100% coffeefree, contains no caffein or other artificial stimulants. And don't forget, Postum tastes so good

—and it's so good for you I ""Caffeih

100% coffeefree Another fine product of General Foods

JUNE 1959 397 A MUST WHILE IN...

SALT LAKE CITY VISIT and ENJOY Letters toV6v* and Reports

FAMOUS

UNUSUAL WE MAIL OUR EXQUISITE CANDIES EVERYWHERE ''CbvuiMatdu J>in&At tt

btfidiqtote DISTINCTIVE /CfcOieC/TTV 850 East 21st South Salt Lake City, Utah

SEAFARING

SAINTS

What is probably the largest Latterday

Saint group aboard any ship in the United

States Navy are the fifty men from the ship's company and squadron personnel aboard the U.S'.S. Ranger ( CVA61 ). The

group was formally organized in Hawaii under the direction of the mission presiSo good for babies dent,SterlingPresidentW. Sill,HarryAssistantV. Brooks,to theandCouncilElder

of the Twelve.

..that Special Among the twentyfive active members

officer the executive of group a of carrying of approximately crew 3,500 ship, the Badger, Commanderis the Heber J.

jet aircraft. one hundred and over instructor. the present group At group Morning Milk

holds Sacrament meeting on Sunday morning and are organizing a priesthood Dear Editors:

meeting and one for several investigators I'd like to congratulate you on the espeSo easy to digest, Special Morning who have shown an interest. cially attractive appearance of the April

rear are, left to right, Pictured row, editorial issue Era. features of the The Milk is the only evaporated milk

Cain; L. Smith; P. K. various J. buildthe and pictures Commander on H. J. Church

especially developed for babies... Badger; S. K. Kirkham, second counselor; ing projects make an outstanding subject,

the only evaporated milk with ex- R.groupW. leader;Groggett,J. F. secretary;Brown, firstN. counselor;B. Giles, paceand alsofromgivesomea veryof thepleasantmore changedoctrinalof

tra Vitamins A and D added in and L. G. Brooks. Seated are H. M. and other articles which you have been

F. S. Dadigan; T. illustrations Hargraves; D. recently. Welch; running and The the amount doctors believe best to L. Lockyer; R. Lakely; D. Sowby; general editorial especially balance J. seemed J.

help promote sound bones and J. W. Higgins; G. L. Empey. On the floor good to me this time, continuing the fine

teeth and build resistance to areand D.J. J.B.Skinner;Waddle.L. W. Nelsen; B. Wood; job you are doing on this publication.

disease. The U.S.S. Ranger is one of the world's Very sincerely,

most modern and latest aircraft carriers G. Robert Ruff

Ask your doctor about Special Morning Milk for your baby!

398 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA by EMMA MARR PETERSEN

Here is another fascinating story for teenagers from the pen of Emma Marr Petersen, HE a master story teller for the youth of the

Church. Set of the Sail is an exciting novel

of romance and intrigue centered around a boy and his sister who got in with the wrong crowd. Parents will want their children to

read this highly interesting story for the clear

explanation of Church doctrine that is interwoven throughout. Teaches a strong moral.

$2.25

Genealogical Research in SUNDAY SCHOOL CLASS SOCIAL Students of course No. 9, "Leaders of England and Wales, Vol. II

the Scriptures,"of the Seattle 6th Ward,

Seattle, Washington, held a social at the home of class teacher, Sister Erma Henderson. Movies were shown on the explorations to the Arctic and Antarctic by FRANK SMITH and DAVID E. GARDNER

circles. After refreshments the class were

guests aboard the U.S.S. Burton Island, a The second volume of this popular book conNavy ice breaker. Pictured, left to right,

are Carol Martenson, Karen Rowe, Tamtains interesting and informative discussions zan Malmberg, Marion Glick, Marelan of important sources not found in Volume I.

Butler, Sister Redford. Karlene Erma

is for a "must"IHenderson, Dianne Gereld Tew, Hawks.

left right, row, toFront Allen are Kenneth trying to trace ft******"*lit ThiseverywealthChurchofmembernew materialwho is f'

Ogles, Jeff Brown, Alan Pargeter, and

Gary Avery. his ancestry in England and Wales. Contains

\0V.tt 110 pages of maps of counties in England

and Wales. Dozens of illustrations, shortcuts,

and timesavers enliven the text.

$3.95

On page 349 of the May issue of the

Era, "Peter Whitmer's Log House"appeared."''The abstractThe firstof sentencetitle'of shouldthe Harrisread:

Home, also the home of the Prophet's father, shows the names of the owners and the prices they paid after it was obtained from the government four years before of the death George"Washington, the 'Father Country.'of our

IBB BOB JUNE 1959 399 Iceland Dear Editors, I am on an isolated and desolate radar outpost in northeastern Iceland. I have

been receiving The Improvement Era quite regularly since I have been here. The US

mail arrives about once a week; sometimes not that often. That is when my

Improvement Era serves me best. During

the long hours I read it with great interest.

During November and December our

You'll feel better and look better. mail did not come for fortythree days,

or three I the Era read time that and in for another. I waiting was while times Lose 3 to 6 lbs. on 9 successive SURE MEALS. Then use SURE MEAL twice four

a day with one other regular meal. Lose about 2 lbs. a week until you have Please keep them coming to me, for I

your weight at a satisfactory level. Then use SURE MEAL once a day to help have made"them a part of my daily life.

control nutritional your caloric Sincerely, balance and in good keep body your you /s/ Paul T. Larsen

it. right where you want hold so intake your weight you can

Denver, Colorado SURE MEAL is scientifically formulated to furnish all the nutritional elements the I would like to take this opportunity to body needs, and do so in a low calorie meal (only 241 calories per meal). thank you for the enjoyment which this

In one SURE MEAL you get 20 grams of Protein from vegetables, grains, and excellentand me eachpublicationmonth. givesIt seemsto mythat familyit immilk. Nineteen amino Acids are present. Just the right amount of carefully proves with each issue. I would have a

selected carbohydrates and less than 1% fat. hard time trying to choose one part or

article in the Era which I liked best,

There are no Drugs to stupefy you or dull your appetite. and I would also have a very hard time

There are no hunger pangs because SURE MEAL supplies everything suggestingcompletely asatisfiedway towithimproveit. it. We are

your body craves including the Vitamins and Minerals normally needed. Sincerely,

Vernon K. Sessions

Delicious Sure Meal These Times

SURE MEAL is easy to mix with Milk or Fruit Juices with a spoon or a simple shaker. It is the easiest, most delicious way to control weight problems. (Continued) the foremost living

years a prophilosopher, for many give them or child, SURE wife, MEAL husband, a scrawny have NOTE: (If you has University, fessor at Oxford

other protein body choice and to supply meals to their regular in addition written: recently

building elements. It's just good pure concentrated food—they'll love it.) of cultural tribalism are "The days

If you just want to try SURE MEAL send for the 20 meal size $4.75. If you want over; we no more have separate

to move a lot of weight, better send for the economical 40 meal size at cultural universes. East and West

$9.00. Postage prepaid. Chocolate or Vanilla. havecome together, never to part

After you see how satisfactory SURE MEAL is you may wish to help some of again; and they must settle down

your friends, neighbors, and relatives by acting as supply source or in some kind of peaceful coexistence part time dealer. which will eventually grow into active, friendly cooperation. That is

Feel free to talk to your doctor about SURE MEAL. Show him the folder that you essential for the future of the world,

get with your order so he can check the contents for you. It's just good Highthe welfare of the world itself."

Protein food. This idealism involves many problems. In the same way, the "idealism"of Paul's statement that God

Save Money "... hath made of one blood all na-

..."(Acts 17:26) raises many

every time You'll save you use SURE MEAL. Your SURE MEAL will cost tions money

reladifficulties dayto-day in our it replaces. regular meal the less than

tions. However, Hawaii stands as

It's a good quick nutritious meal for Missionaries and Students who are a working laboratory; a working

"Batching it."Try it—try it soon. model of intercultural, interracial

relations—and is succeeding under

the Stars and Stripes.

The admission of Hawaii into the

SPECIAL Don Lyman & Associates American Union at this time consti472 South 1 Oth East tutes a vital force in foreign policy

INTRODUCTORY Salt Lake City, Utah, Phone EMpire 3-9674 and international affairs. The peoOFFER Please Send realization,ples of Asia andselfdetermination,Africa, seeking selfand

My Personal Supply of Sure Meal. a better life, will be able by this

Name action to see more clearly the true feeling of Americans; that we wish to

Address - - - be the friends of all men. So, welCity State come, Hawaii, fiftieth state of the

40 Meal size-$9.00 Q 20 Meal size-$4.75 American Union in these times!

Vanilla Q Chocolate Send Check or Money Order to save C.O.D. charges.

400 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FAST SERVICE when you need it. Around the clock, FARMERS SAVES YOU MONEY!

throughout the country. The man from Farmers is as COMPAREance. FarmersTHElow,COSTlow ofratesFarmersmean withreal anysavings.otherAndautoFarmersinsurnear as a telephone. He moves fast to help you. He's on gives you better service, broad coverage—MORE INSURANCE

your side, protects your interests. protection for your dollar.

GET ADDED PREMIUM DISCOUNTS. Farmers allows a 10%*

FAIR SETTLEMENT of claims is the rule at Farmers. No reductioncount on secondto accidentfreecar, if youdriversqualify.and a 25% additional disred tape or delays. Your Farmers Agent can inspect dam- *Discount not available in Washington

ages, arrange for repairs, even sign the check. Many PROTECTION AGAINST UNINSURED DRIVER

times claims are settled the same day the accident occurs! Have you heard of someone who was injured by an uninsured motorist and couldn't collect? All Farmers auto liaFRIENDLY PEOPLE are ready and willing to serve you bility—payingpoliciesas muchautomaticallyas $10,000.provideAsk anyprotectionFarmers inAgentsuchforcasesfull

quickly, efficiently, cheerfully. Just call. details.

Farmers Auto InsuranceCALL FARMERS INSURANCE GROUP

FARMERS X INSURANCE GROUP \ J'ymSot of\fuf>eriortJervice AUTO * LIFE FIRE TRUCK

JUNE 1959 401 A PERFECT VACATION ANYWHERE April Conference Index BY Speakers ROBBINS TOURS Benson,Brown, HughEzra TaftB. 456468 Morris,McKay, GeorgeDavid Q. 422, 423, 478464

Buehner, Carl W 442 Moyle, Henry D 460

Christiansen, EIRay L 434 Petersen, Mark E 460

EUROPE Clark, J. Reuben, Jr 428 Richards, LeGrand 438

SPECIAL LDS YOUTH TOUR Critchlow, William J., Jr 456 Richards, Stephen L 426

30 DAYS - 13 COUNTRIES Dyer, Alvin R 472 Romney, Marion G 432

OTHER EUROPEAN TRIPS Evans, Richard L 470 Sill, Sterling W 448

AVAILABLE Hanks, Marion D 454 Smith, Eldred G 462

Hinckley, Gordon B 476 Smith, Joseph Fielding 430

ROYAL HAWAIIAN HOLIDAYS Hunter, Milton R 464 Sonne, Alma 438 8 OR 15 GLORIOUS DAYS Isaacson, Thorpe B 450 Stapley, Delbert L 466

Ivins, Antoine R 430 Taylor, Henry D 446

AMERICAN* HERITAGE TOUR Kimball, Spencer W 440 Tuttle, A. Theodore 458

(HILL CUMORAH PAGEANT) Lee, Harold B 452 Wirthlin, Joseph L 436

QUEBEC, MONTREAL, OTTAWA, Longden, John 444 Young, Levi Edgar 442 EASTERN U.S. SEABOARD

McConkie, Bruce R 474 Young, S. Dilworth 448

Let Us Plan Your Individual or Group

Travel—This Service is FREE To You—Subjects

14 So. Main St. Salt Lake City

Authority 444, 460 Missionaries 438, 476, 478

EL 5-8086 Evenings EL 9-0959 Book of Mormon 438, 464 Palestine 464

Christianity 426 Prayer 454 Covenants 466 Priesthood 426, 430

Culture -. 442 Psychology 452

Europe 434 Sabbath 436 Faith 430 Salvation 474 Freedom v 460 Science 470 Genealogy 430, 462 South America 440

Godhead 448 Teaching 458 Gratitude 446 Television 450 Happiness 456 Temple Work 430 Jesus the Christ 428, 432, 440, 468 True Riches 438

Jews 464 Truth 452 Leadership 444, 460, 472 Ward Teaching 442

Liberty 460 Whisperings of the Spirit.448

Loyalty 430, 444, 460 Youth 423, 442, 448, 450, 456

Man 470 Zion 464

EAGLEEYE VIEW

by Maude Rubin Now harebells bloom and flax and shootingstar.

pasture's iris turns to blue, the green WildPImm Mud a HOME STUDY catalog. wMm* cost to: hilltop a leafy crown. wears And every

Name New maple flares beside the creek; while far

Address. Above the sunwarmed earth young eagles view

its squares of green and brownCity.State. A quilted land,

All neatly featherstitched together

Sand to: STUDY HOME

Adult Education Extension Services By zigzag fence and purple heather! and

Brigham Young University Pirn, Utah

402 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA How the LDS Books Club Plan Saves You How You Join... How You Get Your Books

Up to 20% You join by ordering "He That Liveth"or one of the alternates listed

With every four books you buy you receive a fifth book below. Each month you will receive reviews of several carefully selected

free... thus you get five choice Church books for the books... with one being named bookof-themonth. If you wish to

price of four. A long list of bonus books will be provided receive the top book, you do nothing—it will be sent to you postpaid

from which to make your selection. Dozens of marvelous along with a statement. If you do not want the book, you return the

Church books are available thru the club and carry bonus postcard provided for an alternate or none at all. You may order as

credit. Check coupon for free catalogue of available books. few as one book every 3 months to keep your membership active.

CLIP THIS COUPON

LDS Books Club, P.O. Box 385, Salt Lake City 7, Utah

I want the finest library available. Enroll me in the LDS Books Club and

Join Now! send me the June selection: "He That Liveth."$3.25

20% savings "DoctrineAlternate Selections:& Covenants Commentary"$4.00 "A Story to Tell"$3.00

"Christ In Ancient America"$3.95 "Candle of the Lord"$3.75

Careful selection Also send free catalogue of books.available thru club.

Best new books Name Address Older classics City State

Amount of check or money order enclosed: $ (Utah

wish, send information on separate tax.) If you residents add 2% sales

. - sheet. Books Club LDS

JUNE 1959 403 is June DAIRY MokTH The Church Moves On

March 1959

Elder Justin B. Lillywhite, formerly first counselor, sustained

June is National Dairy Month as president of Orange County (California) Stake, succeeding Dalton. President Lillywhite's C. President counJohn

... but every month is dairy selors are H. Terry. Released Meyers and Rex N. Elders John

month at Safeway. Milk and with President Dalton was his second counselor, Elder Gerald L.

other dairy products are featured Ericksen.

constantly at all Safeway Stores. Elder Wilford J. Dredge sustained as president of Idaho Stake

with Elders Robert W. Hubbard and Ross D. Redford as counAll Bonus Quality Lucerne selors. They succeed President Herbert K. Whitworth and his

Milk sold in Utah and Idaho is counselors, Elders A. Wilder Hatch and Roland R. Allen.

produced in Utah and Idaho. Elder Ira B. Sharp, second counselor in the Bonneville (Salt

Lake City) Stake presidency, sustained as first counselor to PresiSafeway pays farmers a bonus dent Frank B. Bowers, succeeding Elder Gerald G. Smith who has

for producing better milk. Lurecently been called as mission president of the Eastern States

cerne's rich 3.8% butterfat conMission. Elder Ferdinand E. Peterson sustained as second countent milk is sold for no more selor in this stake presidency.

than ordinary milk and less than Elder Floyd W. Labrum sustained as second counselor in the

Roosevelt (Utah) Stake presidency, succeeding Elder Elmo Dwain home delivered milk. This gives Buchanan. President Ezra J. Nixon is president of the stake. His

a bonus to farmers and a bonus first counselor is Elder Paul Murphy.

quality milk to Safeway customers. Thirtytwo teams began play in the annual allChurch junior

basketball tournament. years, previous scene of the As in I Purchases of milk from Utah of tournament State University, was the campus the Utah

and Idaho dairy farmers for LuLogan.

cerne Milk, Party Pride Ice Cream and other Safeway dairy This day marked the 117th anniversary of the founding of products last year amounted to: the Relief Society by the Prophet Joseph Smith in Nauvoo.

Relief Societies throughout the Church have had appropriate services this week and month in honor of the event.

$5,390,439 Emerson Ward of Salt Lake City won the fifth annual allChurch junior basketball tournament by defeating South

Jordan Second ( Salt Lake County ) Ward, 5735. Monument

A Friend of the Family Park First (Salt Lake City) placed third by defeating the seventhplacing St. George Sixth (Utah) by a score of 50 to 32. Glendale

A Friend of the Farmer West (California) defeated Farmington First (New Mexico) 58 to 26, placing fourth and eighth; Douglas of Salt Lake City won

over Holladay Seventh (Salt Lake County) by 36 to 32, placing fifth and ninth; Richland First (Washington) placed sixth by

winning over Moroni East (Utah), 6455, the Moroni team placing tenth. Juarez Ward of Mexico won the sportsmanship trophy.

Leonard Lynn of Farmington First Ward won the essay contest SAFEWAY for writing on the subject "What Junior M Men Basketball Means to Me."(Continued on page 486)

404 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Guaranteed to stay beautiful -Alsynite Panels in the new Ridgeway Pattern

Here's the popular "batand-board"look—in fiberglass building FULLER PRODUCTS FOR COMFORT

panels! The new Ridgeway Pattern by Alsynite—designed for AND BEAUTY INCLUDE:

modern style and comfort—available now at your Fuller Dealer's. Trimview Shower Doors & Tub Enclosures Fuller Lifetime

Medicine Sliding Trimview Windows (& Screens)And now, for the first time, you can be sure of lasting value—Mirrors

Louvre Windows Casement Windows Cabinets Trimview with a written guarantee from the world's largest and oldest fiberTrimview&TrimlineSlidingGlassDoors (& Screens) Interior, glasspanel manufacturer. The Ridgeway Pattern is guaranteed & Exterior Paints Pittsburgh Glass Products Wallpaper

to retain its true color, strength, texture, and cooling properties for a full five years, or it will be replaced without cost.

Try new Ridgeway for patios and fences—the light comes

through without the heat and the glare! No cracking, no warping,no painting! Choose from seven soft colors, several other weights ULLERPAINTS GLASS

and patterns, too. Just stop in at your Fuller Dealer's—soon.

JUNE 1959 405.

2L * r;-

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints commemorates the one hundred and thirtieth anniversary of the restoration of the Melchizedek Priesthood this month.

Whenever the priesthood is delegated to man, it is conferred upon him not as a personal distinction, although it becomes such as he honors it, but as authority to represent Deity and an obligation to assist the Lord in bringing to pass the immortality and eternal life of man.

Brethren, to hold the priesthood of God by divine authority is one of the greatest gifts that can cometo a man, and worthiness is of first importance. Honor

the priesthood by a clean body, clean mind, and a willingness to serve your Mlow men.

The very essence of priesthood is eternal. As it

finds expression in life, it manifests power. We can

conceive of the power of the priesthood as being potentially existent as an impounded reservoir of water. Such power becomes dynamic and productive To hold of good only when the liberated force becomes active

in valleys, fields, gardens, and happy homes; so the

principle of power is manifested only as it becomes active in the lives of men, turning their hearts and the desires toward God, and prompting service to their fellow men.

He is greatly blessed who feels the responsibility of representing Deity. He should feel it to such an Priesthood extent that he should be conscious of his actions and

words under all conditions. No man who holds that

By President David O. McKay priesthood should treat his wife disrespectfully. No

man who holds that priesthood should fail to ask the blessings on his food and kneel with his children and ask for God's guidance. A home is transformed

because a man holds and honors the priesthood. We

WMggMvnWMUf4j I&'<$S& ** are not to use it dictatorijy. One of the most beautiful lessons in pedagogy or psychology and government is a revelation of the Lord to the Prophet Joseph

Smith, which states:

"That the rights of the priesthood are inseparably connected with the powers of heaven, and that the P t powers of heaven cannot be controlled nor handled

SS)6 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA only upon the principles of righteousness. Church on the earth, but never under such a condition

"That they may be conferred upon us, it is true; has there been a quorum of priesthood organized.

but when we undertake to cover our sins, or to gratify The Church, therefore, is the means through which our pride, our vain ambition, or to exercise control the authority of the priesthood can be properly or dominion or compulsion upon the souls of the exercised and administered. Whenever the full

children of men, in any degree of unrighteousness, authority of the priesthood is upon the earth, a Church behold, the heavens withdraw themselves; the Spirit organization must be maintained. Contrariwise,

of the Lord is grieved; and when it is withdrawn, there can be no true Church without the divine auAmen to the priesthood or the authority of that man.... thority of the Holy Priesthood. The future and

"No power or influence can or ought to be mainpermanency of the Lord's work here on earth is tained by virtue of the priesthood, only by persuasion, assured so long as the bearers of the priesthood will by longsuffering, by gentleness and meekness, and keep in mind the great mission of the Church.

by love unfeigned; Let us realize that we are members of the greatest

"By kindness, and pure knowledge, which shall fraternity, the greatest brotherhood—the brotherhood

greatly enlarge the soul without hypocrisy, and withof Christ—in all the world, and do our best each dayout guile—all day—to maintain the standards of these quorums.

"Reproving betimes with sharpness, when moved The organization of the Church is so perfect that upon by the Holy Ghost; and then showing forth every man within the Church can find something to

afterwards an increase of love toward him whom thou do; and thereon depends the advancement of his

hast reproved, lest he esteem thee to be his enemy"; spiritual welfare. He has a chance to work in the

(D&C 121:3637; 4143.) < Church of Jesus Christ, no matter how young a boy

Strictly speaking, priesthood as delegated power is or how old a man. Now, think what that means.

an individual acquirement However, by divine You go over, in your minds, the organizations as redecree men who are appointed to serve in particular vealed to us in this dispensation. Go first from the

offices in the priesthood unite in quorums. The very First Presidency, down through the twelve, the high

existence of such groups established by divine aupriests, the seventy, elders, priests, teachers, and deathorization proclaims our dependence upon one ancons, all that line of priesthood! See that mighty army

other, the indispensable need of mutual help and of men, ready to do—what? Called upon to do what?

assistance. We are, by divine right, social beings. To work for the Lord. What does it mean? It means

Our lives are wrapped up with the lives of others. work; work means knowledge; knowledge means

We are happiest as we contribute to the lives of eternal life.

others. I say that because the priesthood you hold Let us live honest, sincere lives. Let us be honest

means that you are to serve others. You represent with ourselves, honest with our brethren, honest with

God in the field to which you are assigned. Thus our family, honest with men with whom we deal,

this power finds expression through groups as well always honest, for eyes are upon us, and the foundaas individuals. The quorum is the opportunity for tion of all character rests upon the principle of honmen of likeaspirations to know, to love, and to aid esty and sincerity.

one another. "For whosoever will save his life shall lose it; and

For a quorum to function, there must be a Church whosoever will lose his life for my sake shall find organization. In the history of God's dealings with it."(Matt. 16:25.)

men, individual prophets have held the Holy PriestEvery man who holds the priesthood builds on that hood, at times when there was no regularly organized foundation.

JUNE 1959 What is a Testimony?

Question: J.

"Will you kindly tell me what is a testimony of the gospel, and what must one do to obtain one?"

":-';'S, lour

Answer:

According to the dictionary, a testimony is a "Statement or affirmation of a fact, as before a court; eviQuestion

dence, proof."

Witnesses give testimony before a court, and on the credibility of the witness, judgment is given. A testimony may come through the senses of hearing, seeing,

or feeling. In relation to the gospel, a testimony is

a revelation t the individual who earnestly seeks one wered by by prayer, study, and faith. It is the impression or

Joseph Fiepmg Smith speaking of the Holy Ghost to the soul in a convincing,

V-: President of the Council fbf the Twelve positive manner. It is something which is far more

penetrating than impressions from any other source, but it cannot fully be described.

Moroni, when closing his record, or history of the

Nephite nation, as contained in the Book of Mormon, instructs each individual who is fortunate enough to read the Book of Mormon, in these positive words:

"And when ye shall receive these things, I would exhort you that ye would ask God, the Eternal Father, in the name of Christ, if these things are not true;

and if ye shall ask with a sincere heart, with real intent, having faith in Christ, he will manifest the truth of it unto you, by the power of the Holy Ghost.

"And by the power of the Holy Ghost ye may know the truth of all things."1

However it should be kept in mind that the person seeking for this knowledge will not have the privilege of repeated manifestations. He is not entitled to

iMoroni 10:4-5.

408 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the continual guidance of the Holy Ghost. The Lord "Wherefore I say unto you, All manner of sin and

will reveal the truth once; then when this testimony blasphemy shall be forgiven unto men; but the blashas been given, the person should accept the truth and phemy against the Holy Ghost shall not be forgiven

receive the gospel by baptism and the laying on of unto men.

hands for the gift of the Holy Ghost. The Lord said "And whosoever speaketh a word against the Son

the world could not receive this Spirit 2 although an of man, it shall be forgiven him: but whosoever

initial manifestation is given to every earnest seeker speaketh against the Holy Ghost, it shall not be forfor the truth. Cornelius received a manifestation given him, neither in this world, neither in the world

in strict conformity to the instruction given by Moroni, to come."5

and had he turned away there would have been no Both Peter and Paul have borne witness to the further light or direction for him. The Spirit of the truth of this declaration. Peter said to the members

Lord will not argue with men, nor abide in them, exof the Church:

cept they yield obedience to the Lord's command- "For, if after they have escaped the pollutions of ments. the world through the knowledge of the Lord and

It is the duty of each member of the Church to Saviour Jesus Christ, they are again entangled therein, live humbly, sincerely, and in strict obedience to the and overcome, the latter end is worse with them than commandments that have been given. If this is done, the beginning.

a man will know the truth. Evidently there are many "For it had been better for them not to have known

members of the Church who have not received a the way of righteousness, than, after they have known testimony simply because they do not make their it, to turn from the holy commandment delivered unto lives conform to the requirements of the gospel. The them."G,

Spirit of the Lord cannot dwell in unclean tabernacles, Paul's declaration is even more emphatic:

and because of this the knowledge which is promised "For it is impossible for those who were once enis not received. Then again, there are members of lightened, and have tasted of the heavenly gift, and

the Church who take no time to inform themselves were made partakers of the Holy Ghost, by study and faith, and all such are without the in- "And have tasted the good word of God, and the spiration which the faithful are promised. When powers of the world to come,

this is the case, those who are guilty are easily de- "If they shall fall away, to renew them unto received and are in danger of turning away to false pentance, seeing they crucify to themselves the Son doctrines and theories of men. The. Lord has given of God afresh, and put him to an open shame."7

us the key by which the truth may be known and Therefore, I repeat, a testimony of the gospel is a error detected. Said he: convincing knowledge given by revelation to the in-

"My doctrine is not mine, but his that sent me. dividual who humbly seeks the truth. Its convincing

"If any man will do his will, he shall know of the power is so great that there can be no doubt left in doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether I speak of the mind when the Spirit has spoken. It is the only

myself."3 way that a person can truly know that Jesus is the

Again he said: Christ and that his gospel is true. There are millions

"If ye continue in my word, then are ye my disciples of people on the earth who believe that Jesus lived indeed; and died and that his work was for the salvation of

"And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall souls; but unless they have complied with his commake you free."4 mandments and have accepted his truth as it has

So powerful can be the manifestations of the Holy been restored, they do not know and cannot know the

Ghost, and the impressions be so indelibly impressed full significance of his mission and its benefits to manupon the righteous soul, that the Lord has pronounced kind. Only through humble repentance and submisthe greatest of punishments upon those who, having sion to the plan of salvation can this be made known.

once received the light which comes through the The way is open to all if they will receive his truth

Holy Ghost, and then have turned away and denied and accept his ordinances and abide faithfully in his truth. them.

2John 14:17. BMatt. 12:3132.

Hbid., 7:1617. 61I Peter 2:2021.

Hbid., 8:3132. Hebrews 6:4-6.

JUNE 1959 409 by Nora Eddington ANOIL HATUtlAL

I climbed the fence and dropped warily down into the initials, "A M A,"carved on the side of the little the corral on the other side. It was raining, and I red house. The letters, cut there by my mother years

had to be very careful where I stepped so I wouldn't before, had never been filled in or painted over. Annie

track all over Grandma's clean kitchen floor. By May Anderson, Grandma's little "Annie,"died when

cutting through the corral, I could go directly from I was just two years old. Those roughly carved iniour back yard to Grandma's. tials made her a reality to me.

This was the nicest part of my day—when I walked There was no red bathrobe over the glass portion

into Grandma's kitchen, sniffed the wonderful odors of the kitchen door, so I walked right in. If the old

of the delicious food she was cooking, and felt her robe hung over the door, it meant that Grandpa was soft, wrinkled cheek against my face as she kissed having his bath in the tin tub behind the kitchen me. stove, and I would have to stay out until he was

Grandma lived in a little red frame house—or it finished.

had been red in days before I could remember. Years, "Nej men, Nora!"Grandma said to me, slapping her

sun, and weather had changed the color to a soft knee with one hand and rolling the "r"delightfully.

pink. The house was high in front and sloped towards Grandma always said that when I came in. "Nej men,

the back—two rooms and a leanto kitchen. But oh, Nora!"As if I were a very rare visitor and entitled

the wonders of that house! Were I to acquire a to all the honor and attention a rare visit occasioned!

mansion in this life, it could never compare to GrandThe fact that my visits numbered almost 365 a year ma's three little rooms, so filled to overflowing with didn't bother Grandma.

love, compassion, tenderness, kindness, laughter, and Today she was cooking "sugar nuts"as she called fun that to enter there was to be refreshed and rethem—little nutsized pieces of dough that she fried

newed. in deep fat and rolled in sugar. I have often thought

This day I stopped to run my fingers lovingly over that some enterprising confectioner could make a for410 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tune if he would commercialize on Grandma's "sugar Since her only skill was homemaking, Grandma nuts."turned to that as a means of livelihood for her famThen began my recital of all the things that had ily. She became the laundress for several wellto-do

happened since my last visit, with each little item families; she cooked, cleaned, tended the sick. This

receiving as much rapt attention and exclamation from was not menial labor the way Grandma did it. It was

Grandma as my young heart could desire. glorious service, done with such cheer and unfeigned

With my childish troubles shared and my apron love that she gained the affection of all whom she pocket filled with sugar nuts, I was ready to face the served.

world head high and unafraid. When Henry Kelsey, a neighboring widower, came

Today there was "sweet soup"to be delivered to a courting Grandma, her children teased her unmercineighbor up the street who was "feeling poorly."fully. Henry was a meek, softspoken man of medium

There was a loaf of freshly baked bread to be taken stature. He wore a thick mustache that turned down

to Sister Merrill who had broken her ankle, and a at the corners and almost completely covered his dozen soft flannel diapers for a new baby in the upper lip. As a child I was fascinated watching him

next block. For everyone was Grandma's "special"sip his "Brigham tea."The mustache always seemed

friend, and she never forgot her friends. to be in the cup, and he would wipe it carefully with

Grandma came to America from Denmark at the his free hand after each swallow.

age of sixteen, a convert to the Church. Lonely and No amount of teasing dauftted Henry. They marunable to speak English, she met and married a man ried and were the most devoted couple I have ever

from her native city. Grandpa Anderson was thirty known. Henry's business was horse trading, and

years older than his bride. After fathering six daughGrandma often fondly remarked that "Henry never

ters and three sons, he died, leaving Grandma to got the best of a bargain."They knew poverty all

raise the children as best she could. of their lives, but I (Continued on page 480)

JUNE 1959 411 Fourth of the series "Mixed Voices"on Book of Mormon criticism

Just Another

by Hugh Nibley Contributing Editor

1860's according to this authority, is the challenge of the question: "What is to become of this people?... Can

While American passions had full play in other this small body of insolent religionists defy much directions in the 1860's, England carried on the great longer the will and force of the American nation? Can

tradition of antiMormon raillery. "Although it is not this blot on the civilization of the nineteenth century

generally a Christian duty to speak ill of anyone, be longer tolerated?"35

especially afterhe has gone to answer for himself An interesting editorial in Scribners, 1877, noted before his Judge,"wrote a venerable vicar in a long that the treatment of the Mormons "is the sole appardissertation on Joseph Smith, "yet in the case of a ent exception to the American rule of universal deceiver, whose lying doctrines have perverted thoutoleration.... The only church born in the country,

sands from the right way, the ordinary course of duty with American prophets and apostles... has passed

is reversed."''3 For Smith alone the otherwise universal through what its own historians call 'ten general

law of Christian charity is suspended. Another Engpersecutions.'

lish divine describes Mormonism as "the great master- "Here is a suggestive record: The Latter Day

piece of Satan, in these last days, embracing every Saints have settled in twelve different places in the possible principle of antagonism to the word of God, United States, and have invariably become embroiled whilst unblushingly parading itself as the purest form with their neighbors unless the latter abandoned the of Christianity extant."34 Yet the same man "thorvicinity en masse. In New York, while the church

oughly endorses"the statement of an American clergywas yet confined to two families, they kept three man: "I have never yet conversed with a lay Mormon townships in an uproar with quarrels and lawsuits,

whom I believed to be a hypocrite. Their whole soul and sixty neighbors of the Prophet united in a deposiseems launched upon their infatuation, and for it tion that they would not believe him or any of his

they readily leave home and property.... What party on oath."

churchmen and churchwomen such people would Here there can be no question of the threat make—humble although they are—if they were corof growing political or economic power. Polygamy?

rectly informed and judiciously controlled!"34 our editor asks: "But the record excludes that idea;

the Mormons had more trouble with the world before 1870's they adopted polygamy than since."At a loss for

an explanation, he must seek it in "something peculiar "The Mormons are beginning to realize,"C. H. Brigto Mormonism that takes it out of the sphere of

ham reported in 1870, "that their system has no religion."30 Here he entirely forgets that as the persympathy outside of their own community, that the secution was uniform, so the explanation for it is

civilized world is against them, and that they are uniform in every decade. Economic, political, social,

classed with Pariahs and lepers.... The gracious and geographical circumstances changed rapidly, but

doctor who praises them from their platform holds the attacks did not change—the two unchanging facthem up to scorn and horror in the pages of his tors in the picture are the persecutions and the rebook."35 As if the Mormons had not had reason beligious teaching of the Mormons, and the persecution

fore 1870 to know that! The "Mormon Problem"is always explicitly leveled at the teaching.

412 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PART TWOBook?

1880's

The "gracious doctor"referred to above was T.

deWitt Talmage, whose sermons, delivered from his huge Brooklyn Tabernacle were the most widely syndicated in the country. When deWitt Talmage

spoke, all America listened and approved. And he

called for nothing less than an extermination of the

Mormons: "O good people of the United States... I have to

tell you that unless we destroy Mormonism, Mormonism will destroy us.... Every day as a nation we

consent to Mormonism we are defying the hail and the lightning... and the earthquake of an incensed

God."It made no difference that the Mormons seemed to be very nice people—"I never addressed a more

genial audience in my life..."—the whole thing had

to go, if necessary "by howitzer and bombshell, and bullets and cannonball. If a gang of thieves should

squat on a territory and make thievery a religion how long would the United States government stand for itp37 All through the eighties eminent ministers echoed these sentiments. Mormonism was "an evil, peculiar,

enormous, and prophetic of untold disaster...."3S

"It is acknowledged to be the Great Modern Abomination, the most pernicious heresy of this century....

Throughout the whole land it is universally despised and execrated; and if popular odium could extinguish

it, it would speedily be sunk in the slimy depths of the Great Salt Lake."30 In 1889 the Reverend J. P.

Newman meditated and commented on the impossibility of ever assimilating the Mormons into civilized The genial and forced camaraderie of society. some of the presentday critics of Mormonism

"We prophesied that it would be shortlived; we is that of the man who finds it easier to pick your

esteemed it as a standing joke.... Then it was said pocket by affectionately locking arms with you

that the evil would (Continued on page 501) than by hitting you over the head.

JUNE 1959 413 Tenth of the Series So That's What Boys Are Made Of

The Gentleman Bronco

(Behavior Patterns and Problems of Age 18)

by W. Cleon Skousen

Chief of Police, Salt Lake City

"Smooth"is the word for age 18. Smooth like a view the future prospect is disquieting. People are

slumbering volcano! There are two sides to this beginning to expect an awful lot of him. He has to

boy of 18. make so many decisions—like choosing friends, for

Junior's parents have noticed that since he was gradexample. Without even trying he can get messed up

uated from high school, he seems so much more like with the wrong gang. Girls are a problem, too. Then

an adult. He seems to recognize that he is building there's his job—shall he give up the parttime job of

a world of his own—and that his planet is about to his high school days and look for a man's job, or shall

sweep out into orbit. Junior feels his parents already he go to college or enlist in the service. And what

know "it's about time."He observes how they talk about a car?

to him as if he were an equal. They discuss serious Junior can literally feel himself slipping away from

family problems in front of him; even ask for his the moorings of home, and he can also feel himself

suggestions, sometimes. They seem to take for granted losing the old sense of security when he was "just one

that from now on he will be working out his own of the family."Mother Nature whispers to him that

ideas most of the time, earning his own money, everything is going to work out all right, but in the planning his own time, and setting up a variety of dark hours of the night Junior sometimes gets a social projects with one or more close friends. Somesinking feeling in his solar plexis. "Gee, life is tough!"

how or other they don't seem to worry as much about he hears himself saying.

him as they used to.

This, of course, is the picture for a "gentleman"18Portrait of an 18Year-Old yearold. However, a few boys will still be manifestOn the surface an 18year-old is the epitome of

ing more of the bronco side. The bronco 18year-old independence and selfconfidence. His physical bearsometimes acts as if the rules of life were a saddle ing is impressive—strong, coordinated, muscular.

that somebody threw on his back when he wasn't Although his endurance quotient is shallow, time will looking and then cinched it up quickly before he take care of that as it takes care of so many things.

recovered from the shock. To show his resentment Mentally, he is alert, analytical, and capable of

he bucks, squeals, shouts, and pouts. His mother and many of the subtle insights which characterize mature

dad will have to do a little corral work with Junior adults. He is fairly shrewd and isn't easily fooled.

to get him accustomed to the fact that he is a little Whether he takes a job, enrolls in college, or enters behind in his personality development. But we will the service, he becomes aware of new intellectual

say more about this in a moment. powers which are often surprising, even to him. OcIn most cases parents can start taking off a little casionally, he finds himself saying some rather clever

pressure now that Junior is 18. First, however, it is things, and quite often he is greatly impressed by his

good for the parents to remember that his age inobvious ability to do many things "as well as a grown volves the tides of life which churn up a lot of big man."

breakers to bowl a boy over. From Junior's point of The special genius of {Continued on page 481)

414 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

President Stephen L Richards 18791959

by Gordon B. Hinckley

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

Death came to President Stephen L Richards on Stephen L Richards'grandfather was Dr. Willard

Tuesday, May 19, 1959. The previous day he had Richards who read a copy of the Book of Mormon

worked until after five o'clock on problems of the farand was immediately convinced of its truth. He was

flung missions of the Church. At 7:30 Tuesday baptized December 31, 1836 by Brigham Young. He

morning he was to have attended the meeting at became an apostle, secretary to the Prophet Joseph which missionary assignments are made, a meeting Smith, and Counselor to Brigham Young. He it was

which he had attended regularly over a period of who offered to give his life for that of the Prophet in many years. But earlier that morning he had been Carthage Jail on that fateful 27th of June 1844.

taken ill. His doctor ordered him to the hospital. President Richards made reference to this at the

There he passed away at 7:55 a.m. He was seventytime he was sustained as counselor to President McKay

nine years of age. He would have celebrated his when he said: "I have often felt that the only reason

eightieth birthday on June 18. for my being in the presiding councils of the Church

Thus reads the chronicle of the quiet passing of a is in the devotion of Willard Richards to the Prophet great man, a leader in Israel. Joseph Smith. I believe there are councils on the

For fortytwo years he had dedicated his life to the other side. We have had testimonies of them, and

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints as a while I cannot understand, I can believe that the member of the Council of the Twelve Apostles, and Prophet, out of consideration for his friend, has had later as a Counselor in the First Presidency. a voice in bringing me into the Council of the Twelve

He was a man with a cause. That cause was the through President Joseph F. Smith, and also in that

gospel of Jesus Christ and the building of the Lord's which has brought me to this position. I would like

kingdom in the earth. to be as true a friend to President David O. McKay

Few men have come into the general councils of as my grandfather was to the Prophet, and in some the Church better equipped to assist in managing its measure show to him my appreciation of his marvelaffairs or more capable in promoting its welfare. ous kindness to me."

He said on one occasion, and that not in respect to President Richards was born June 18, 1879, in himself: "The world supply of intelligence, goodness, Mendon, Cache County, Utah. His father was Dr.

and beauty is largely a matter of propagation."He Stephen Longstroth Richards. He was one of those

was the beneficiary of a remarkable legacy. Of Engdedicated physicians of the horseand-buggy era so

lish ancestry, his paternal forebears were among the endearingly remembered in the traditions of pioneer colonists who laid the foundations of the nation. The America. President Richards doubtless inherited

soil of New England, in which they planted their many of the qualities of his brilliant mind and his roots, gave strength to their bodies and nurture to sympathetic spirit from his gifted father.

their souls. Freedom they loved, and beauty, too. His mother was Emma Louise Stayner Richards,

Cultivation of the mind, nourishment of the spirit, a the daughter of Arthur Stayner, a pioneer of the sense of obligation to serve, thrift and productivity—western beet sugar industry. From her cultured

these were all part of their nature. nature came a spirit {Continued on page 488)

JUNE 1959 417 <c ME LCHIZEDEK PR ESTHOOD i*

Service A Program of

What above all else does the Lord expect of those and in working in the organizations of the Church.

who bear his Holy Priesthood? "If thou lovest me thou shalt serve me and keep all

Is it not to keep this commandment: "... Thou shalt my commandments."(Ibid., 42:29.)

love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, with all "... When ye are in the service of your fellow beings

thy might, mind, and strength; and in the name of ye are only in the service of your God....

Jesus Christ thou shalt serve him?"(D&C 59:5; italics "... if ye should serve him with all vour whole souls

added. yet yc would be unprofitable servants."(Mosiah 2:17,

Serving the Lord consists in keeping his command21; italics added.)

ments, in accepting the gospel, in obeying its laws, The great program of priesthood reactivation is a

418 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "... several such house socials viding companionship and building up friendships

might be held in the same ward during the same week, with different groups in nevertheless.

each social."Fishing and hunting may be undertaken on a group

basis by active and inactive quorum members going together, or even as couples.

Trips to national parks as summer vacations are program of service—a program in which active brethsometimes organized by groups of people in one or

ren seek to take the full blessings of the gospel to their two cars, or more, if couples wish to take their chilless active brethren; a program in which the inactive dren along.

are invited and encouraged to accept an assignment It is suggested that local officers use their ingenuity in the Church and thus, in turn, to begin to give of to make recreation an important and wholesome themselves in service. means of doing this missionary work with inactive

To gain a Church assignment for every adult brother members.

in the stake is the first major goal of the priesthood 2. Fundraising projects to assist the missionary

reactivation program. Thereafter newly activated program of the Church. It is suggested that local

quorum members are to be led in paths of temporal quorum officers study the possibilities for such projects and spiritual progression, are to be sealed to their in their own communities, inasmuch as various condifamilies in the temple, are to be led to eternal life tions and circumstances offer different types of opin the celestial world. portunities.

Quorum presidents know that through consulta- A few projects successfully carried on by some quotion with ward bishops they are able to get Church rums may be mentioned:

assignments for many of their members. But they Making fence posts, by going into hills and cutting

also know that quorums, as such, must undertake cedar posts with permission of proper authorities.

many projects and engage in many activities as a Selling Christmas trees.

means of opening the door to Church service to their Tearing down old houses on a commercial basis members. for a definite sum; sometimes materials may be obAmong others, and by way of suggestion to quotained by the quorum for resale or for local use.

run? presidents, the following specific activities and Raising animals on farms for subsequent sale.

projects might be undertaken: (Rabbits, calves, pigs, etc.)

1. Institute a wellplanned social program in the Some quorums have built or remodeled houses for

quorum. Inasmuch as several of the quorum members sale.

will be working on a personal missionary approach Some have made or repaired toys for sale at Christprogram with inactive members, three or four such mas time.

active brethren and their wives could well plan a Some have had cake or doughnut sales, where wives house social to which they may invite the inactive have made the cakes and the husbands have sold men and their wives with whom they are working. them.

Several such house socials might be held in the same Sale of flowers and plants on Memorial Day.

ward during the same week, with different groups Candy sales have been conducted where on a social in each social. Within two or three weeks afterward, basis the brethren and their wives have joined to-

a quorum social might well be held, bringing in all gether during an evening to make candy, and then those who had attended the house socials formerly. have sold it in a quorum booth at a ward fair or

Coordinating socials in this way will make it easier bazaar.

for the inactive people to come to the quorum socials Weedkilling projects have been undertaken comin the ward. mercially in some areas.

Softball, golf, bowling, horseshoe pitching, and hard Brethren have used their farm equipment to do ball games and leagues are excellent followed by socommercial plowing and leveling.

cials in which wives of the brethren may join. Tree planting projects have been successful.

Active brethren assigned to inactive ones may issue Kindling wood projects have proved to be worth invitations to movies, concerts, dances, plays, and while, and projects to cut logs for fireplaces.

other public events, encouraging young couples to go Furniture repair projects have been conducted in out together, each one paying his own way, but prosmall communities on (Continued on page 484)

JUNE 1959 419 Ward Teaching Supplement The world is full of beautiful and interesting things. Wc speak of seven wonders, but there are really millions. Man, an inquisitive

creature, wants to learn of them all... the sculpture of Florence and the porcelain of

China the dramas of Shakespeare and the symphonies of Beethoven the histories of nations and the habits of birds languages and crafts, arts and sciences a host of marvels, both natural and manmade, both physical and intangible.

It is of course impossible for any of us—even the most gifted—to learn everything about everything,

or even everything about anything. We all must be selective, specialize, learn those things which will

be of the most benefit or interest to us. Consciously or unconsciously, we set up criteria and weigh them,

one against the other; this process determines what we learn, how much we learn and, ultimately, what

kind of people we are.

Some forms of knowledge are of course more important than others. Of utmost importance to each

of us is a knowledge of the gospel of Jesus Christ, that power of God unto salvation, for it affects the lives of each of us in a profoundly personal way.

If we are to be saved through the gospel, we must be familiar icith it. Here, in a very real sense, knowledge is power and understanding salvation. We must understand its teachings and—even more important—

we must know that it is true. We must seek and obtain a testimony of its divinity. To do this, we nuist

supplement our study ivith faith, desire, prayer, and activity in the Church. If we do this, we have the

promise that we shall obtain testimonies. This, then—a testimony of the gospel of Jesus Christ—is the knowledge of most worth.

Once we have this, everything else fits into place, and we need no longer worry about what activities and pursuits should claim our time and attention. The gospel itself becomes an absolute criterion, and we

measure all things by the standards it sets. As long as we adhere to its teachings, we need not fear that

we shall become as the contemporaries of Paul, "Ever learning, and never able to come to the knowledge of the truth."(II Tim. 3:7.)

If we are wise, we will learn and grow until we die. For on that day we cease to do these things, we

might as well be dead, for our value to the human family is at its end. We must learn many things; busy

ourselves with various interests; become proficient, wellrounded, interested, and interesting individuals. But

we must not, in our fervor to better ourselves, overlook that which would better us more than anything else—

the gospel of Jesus Christ. It is just too important. "And this is life eternal, that they might know thee the

only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent"(John 17:3.)

100% FiveYear Record David D. Mellor, Fayette Ward,

Gunnison (Utah) Stake, has had an exceptional attendance record while active in the Aaronic Priesthood.

Brother Mellor, recently ordained an elder, had a perfect mark during his last five years of Aaronic Priesthood work. His one hundred percent attendance figure includes priesthood meeting, Sacrament meeting, and Sunday School.

He is the son of former Bishop George Edwin Mellor of the Fayette Ward.

420 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Aaron Called of God to Lead Aaronic Priesthood There are in the Church two priesthoods which are actually two divisions of one great priesthood. The greater is called Melchizedek, in honor of

the great high priest who was a contemporary of Abraham. Before his time it was called the Holy Priesthood after the Order of the Son of God, but was changed to avoid too frequent repetition of the name

of Deity. (SeeD&C 107.)

The Lesser Priesthood is called the Aaronic, and it includes the Levitical. It is with this priesthood that

we, as Aaronic Priesthood bearers and workers, are particularly concerned. This is an appendage of

the Higher Priesthood, and its chief functions and responsibilities have to do with the temporal affairs of the Church. The reason for this division of priesthood and authority becomes apparent if we trace the

Priesthood of Aaron to its source.

Almost everyone knows a little about Aaron, if only that because of the peculiar spelling of his name he is at or near the front of every encyclopedia or other reference work or that there is a hardhitting Milwaukee Braves outfielder by the same name. It is necessary that our understanding go beyond this. As

bearers of and workers in the priesthood, we must have a knowledge of it if we are to use it properly.

However, a great deal about Aaron we cannot learn, because the source material is extremely limited. It

consists of the Bible and several other ancient documents, which are fragmentary, not always reliable and sometimes even contradictory.

Aaron was the son of Amram and Jochebed and the elder brother of Moses. He was a Levite and

thus had special religious responsibilities in the tribal organization of ancient Israel. When Moses was

called by the Lord to deliver the children of Israel from the bondage of the Egyptians, Aaron was called to accompany him as a witness. His special duty was to speak to Pharaoh and his court in behalf of

Moses. Aaron was a gifted advocate, and even today an unusual facility of speech is referred to as "the

gift of Aaron."(See Ex. 5:1016.)

Aaron worked diligently and faithfully with his brother to lead the people from captivity. He was a

good man, and received the special blessing of being able to accompany Moses, his (Aaron's) sons Nadab and Abihu and seventy of the elders of Israel up a mountain where they "saw the God of Israel...."(Ibid.,

24:9-11.) Although basically a good man, Aaron made several mistakes, the best known of which is his part in the making of the golden calf in the absence of Moses. (See ibid., 32.) This was not his only indiscretion.

(See also Num. 12:1-12, 20:8-13.) Because of these errors he was forbidden to enter the land of Canaan.

Of his personal life we do not know much more, except that he married a woman called Elisheba and had four sons: Nadab, Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar. He died on Mt. Hor at the age of 123, having atoned

for his transgressions and having apparently returned to the good graces of his people and the Lord.

What makes Aaron so important, however, is not so much his life but the special call and authority that he received. He and his four sons were set at the head of the Levitical Priesthood. (Ex. 28:1-4, 29.)

See—for an excellent commentary—Joseph Fielding Smith, (Doctrines of Salvation, Vol. Ill, pp. 9294.)

The temporal functions of the Levites much resembled those of the bishoprics of today, and Aaron's position was analagous to that of Presiding Bishop. After his death Eleazer assumed direction of the Levitical

Priesthood, both Nadab and Abihu having been slain because of disobedience. Because of the unbelief,

shallowness and rebellion of the Israelites as a whole, the Melchizedek Priesthood was taken from them and bestowed thereafter only upon selected prophets until fully restored in the time of Jesus. After a while

the Levites themselves became quite unruly, and the priesthood was subject to considerable abuse and corruption, and was periodically reformed by the prophets and other leaders. After the death of Christ and his

apostles, the Lesser Priesthood was taken completely from the earth. It was (Continued on page 480)

JUNE 1959 421 ]|s,, | 5} 1

"V* afe a'-.js!ifliJTl!B|8l6f

.-tlBS D

rmacmaa

General Conference Section

Addresses delivered at the 129th Annual General Conference

April 4, 5, and 6, 1959.

Joseph Smith, Jun., was appointed Last Saturday evening the third sesTHE CHURCH prophet,Church. seer, and revelator of the thission tabernacle,of this conferenceand in was167 heldChurchin

ANNIVERSARY TheyTheyreportedadministeredthat thetheSpiritSacrament.of the buildingsCanada. fromIn attendancecoast to coastat theandmeetin

Lord was manifest in a very great deing there were 45,287 men and boys

President David O. McKay gree. Some of the brethren prophesied. holding the priesthood. Brother BenjaAll praised the Lord and rejoiced exmin L. Bowring, president of the Los

ceedingly. Angeles Temple, and President Edward

Before Joseph Anderson, clerk of the There were others present on that L. Clissold, president of Oahu (Hawaii)

conference, presents some vital statistics occasion who became convinced of the Stake, spoke upon the great obligation and a brief report of conditions, I think truth and came forward shortly afterof the Church to give opportunity to it would be well for us to have in mind wards and were received into the spread the gospel and give the millions the fact that one hundred and twentyChurch. Among these were the Prophwho have passed beyond the opportunity

nine years ago this morning in the et's own father and mother, who were to join the Church of Jesus Christ.

house of Peter Whitmer, Sen., in Faybaptized and confirmed members. Also, We shall now listen to the vital staette, Seneca County, New York, six Martin Harris came forward later/ He tistical data and financial expenditures

men bowed in solemn prayer to their had been a witness to the plates of the of the Church.

Heavenly Father and proceeded in acBook of Mormon and mortgaged his It will be well to have in mind cordance with the previous commandfarm to pay for the printing of the while listening to this report that only ment to organize the Church. Book of Mormon. The Book of Mor- a little over a century has passed since

Each individual present was confirmed mon had already been published in those six men by revelation organized a member of the Church of Jesus Christ. 1830. the Church.

422 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TRAINING OF YOUTH Youth"WhereasFitnessthehasPresident'srecommendedCouncilthatona nerbeen bycontrolledviolence, withoutmany hundredsviolence, haveand

National Youth Fitness Week be desigyet such control has been absolute.

President David O. McKay nated: Then he gives the result of his study

"Now, therefore, I, Dwight D. Eisenof 4000 returning prisoners of war from

hower, President of the United States Korea, and he finds a technique which

Frequent reference has been made of America, do hereby proclaim the has been termed "brainwashing."Bethis previousthroughout conference by their put could communists the beginning week 3, 1959, as Nafore May

training ofspeakers to the importance to segregate into tional effect they had plan Youth Fitness Week.

youth. Several messages have been di- "I request officials of the Government these prisoners, which they did very

rected specifically to the young people and I urge parents, young people, and simply by putting them into what was of the Church. I should like to say a interested local and national organizacalled "reactionary"camps. Note whom

few words on this important theme. tions, to use all appropriate means durthey put into these "reactionary"camps.

Our children are our most precious ing that week to promote programs and First, people who tried to be leaders of eterpossessions. are treasures They activities or the importance the communists demonstrating showed what who

lost.nity. should be of them None individualism."that called "poisonous to the end of youth fitness we may

Our Father's glory is in their salvation. assure the continuing strength and well the soldier had the temerity to try toIf

As a Church we have great opportunity being of our people."organize anything, off he went to the

todividuals—teachersreach these young people;and officers—weand as inOver a quarter of a century ago anhopeless."reactionary"camp. He was obviously

have a great responsibility in teaching other President of the United States Second, those "reactionaries"or peothem correct principles. made the following significant reference ple with a higher education, who were

Emphasizing the opportunities of the to the importance of training childhood considered automatically pretty reacChurch in this regard, Paul wrote to the and youth (I quote from President tionary unless they volunteered to cobranch at Corinth: "And he gave some, Hoover's address to the White House operate, and some of these did.

apostles; and some, prophets; and some, Conference on Child Health and ProThird, overtly religious people. The

evangelists; and some, pastors, and tection, November 1, 1931, Washington, communists felt that they could not do

teachers; D. C.) much with them.

"For the perfecting of the saints, for Out of these 4000 prisoners, what perthe work of the ministry, for the edify- "These questions of child health and cent do you think they put in the "reing of the body of Christ; protection are a complicated problem actionary"camp? Five percent, and

"Till we all come in the unity of the requiring much learning and much acafter getting rid of those, they began faith, and of the knowledge of the Son tion. And we need have great concern the process of "brainwashing."It is

of God, unto a perfect man, unto the over this matter. Let no one believe that surprising how many soldiers knew so

measure of the stature of the fulness these are questions which should not little about our way of life—the Ameriof Christ."(Ephesians 4:1113.) stir a nation; that they are below the can way of life.

dignity of statesmen or governments. If Once they had the leaders segregated,

Fitness of American Youth we could have but one generation of they invoked the techniques which have

On November 21, 1957, the President properlyhealthy children,born, trained,a thousandeducated, otherand becomemunist world.universal throughout the comof the United States appointed the problems of government would vanish.

Fitness,President's Council on Youth assure ourselves of healthier Youth's Responsibility the Secretary of thecomposed of bodies, to direct vigorous InWemindswouldin more as Secretaryterior the Chairman, of yet greater energies of the living our Nation to of in age gadgetry an We are of Agriculture, SecretaryDefense, the heights of achievement."to threatens future a produce which

sits Taft Benson,Ezra here with who President council Eisenhower's has of softness. generation Flabbiness

us this afternoon, the Secretary of Labor, as its scope not only "muscle making"character more than flabbiness of musof and the Secretary of Health, Education, and "tendon stretching,"as set forth by cles lies at the root of most of the

Welfare.and Director, Executive facing McCarthy, Shane problems American youth.

of this council said it the duty was He also but the mental, moral, emotional, of yesterday are carrying youth The of existing efficacy proto the promote of spiritual responsibilities development and youth. the and directing

of additional the launching andgrams the is This timely affairs of youth program most and today. the world youth The

the fitnessprograms will enhance which fitting. of that glad will our of two contribute today destiny to the I am

of American youth. He also established General Authorities are connected with of the world tomorrow.

President's Citizens theat that time of the Taft Benson, Ezra passes a gives but day Never some it—Elder of Fitness theAdvisory on Committee of the Elder fleetness Council Twelve, of the and reminder time the and

1957. in Youth. That wasAmerican First of of D. the Council brevity Marion Hanks oflife—childhood—youth—mathirty-first of of the day January On of the Seventy. is In there childhood turity—old issued another the year,this President of called attensons Recently in one the presno my past—no age.future—happyproclamation: tion to lies delivered address it is by an Major about him, and ent—heaven of strength the ongoing "Whereas of all the Brook Medical Mayer for him. Army

depends Nationour of Psychiatry, upon the health of Center, Department San Youth—beautiful—sweet—rash—inexour and young people; Antonio, delivered to the perienced! Texas. It was In the words of Longfellow:

"Whereas we must always strive to officers and supervisors of the San fitness deof our youth byimprove the Francisco Naval Shipyard, and the "How beautiful is Youth! How bright it

efforts; coordinated and andtermined Radiological Defense Laboratory Naval gleams

world, in this challenging "Whereas, its of October, fourth illusions, aspirations, on the dreams! 1956. The With

it that is essential our young people out pointed major that the communists Beginnings, Book of Story without End, their obligation to themselves,recognize control gained have people Each over many maid a heroine, and each man a their families, Nation, toto and to the in this friend!"devices world by the wellknown

endeavor to keep themselves mentally, of wars, purges, Siberian war camps, spiritually,emotionally, etc. executions, its socially, and mass he says But more with all Then comes manhood

fit;physically and fact significant responsibilities, is the that for every duties, failures, suc-

*Sunday afternoon, April 5, 1959. person brought under the Russian bancesses, each spending his time and

JUNE 1959 423 is not created for him alone; that he children. YMMIA: 24,754 officers and

has an obligation to others; that he teachers, and 178,766 youth under their

owes his parents, particularly, a debt direction. YWMIA: 32,988 officers and

unpayable except in only one way—in teachers, and 194,094 girls under them.

living a life that will honor his name Aaronic Priesthood: 28,837 officers and

and bring joy to them in their old age. teachers, having 86,176 youth. Foreign

He should learn that missionaries: 5,512, and stake missionaries, 5,934, or 11,446 missionaries. Or a

"He ought to be true for the sake of total of 231,527 officers and teachers the folks who think he is true. in the Church who first of all should be

He should never stoop to a deed that exemplars. "Children have more need

his folks think he would not do. of models than of critics."No officer

If he is false to himself, be the blemish or teacher should be continued in office but small, who persists in the obnoxious use of

He has injured his folks, he has been tobacco. The elder who hesitates to

false to them all."teach the Word of Wisdom is shirking

(Paraphrased from Edgar A. Guest.) his duty. He who fails to live it robs

himself of strength of body and strength worry on how much he can get, instead It was old King Lear who cried in of character to which he is entitled.

of how much he can give to this world his anguish, "How sharper than a serand make it better. Before he knows pent's tooth it is to have a thankless Resisting Temptation

it old age is upon him. "The easiest child."He is recreant, indeed, who for

thing for our friends to discover in us, selfish indulgence would bring disgrace Truth is loyalty to the right as we and the hardest thing for us to discover upon his parents, and upon the good see it; it is courageous living of our

in ourselves is that we are growing old."name he bears. lives in harmony with our ideals; it is

But of one thing we are keenly aware Parents, too, have a reponsibility in always power. With the ideals of

that this training not to provoke children to right living before him, no member of wrath. They should be considerate not the Church can continually violate the

"Years rush by us like the wind to irritate by vexatious commands or Word of Wisdom with impunity.

We see not whence the eddy comes, place unreasonable blame. Whenever In this old world, the easiest way

Nor whitherward it is tending, possible they should give encouragement seems to be the indulgent way. If a

And we seem, ourselves, to witness their rather than remonstrance or reproof. person has the least desire or inclinaflight tion to drink tea and coffee or to smoke

Without a sense that we are changed. 7/. The Obligation of the Church cigarets, temptations to indulge the

Yet time is beguiling man of his strength appetite are on every hand. At parties,

As the winds rob the trees of their The obligation of the Church is to during social calls, at chance introducfoliage."spend not just one week this coming tions or friendly visits, in restaurants or

(Sir Walter Scott's "Woodstock") month on Youth Fitness, but fiftytwo trains, indulgence in these stimulants weeks every year. Quorums and orand narcotics is not only encouraged

The President's Council on Youth ganizations have been set up in the but also too often urged. Under such

Fitness should be commended in recomChurch, as our text says, for the "perinfluence and environment, the easy way mending that a National Youth Fitness fecting of the Saints, for the work of is to yield and become one of the

Week be designated. By so doing they the ministry, for the edifying of the crowd. But not one of these officers,

recognize that in this challenging world body of Christ; 231,527 of them, should ever yield to

it is essential that our young people be "Till we all come in the unity of the that easy way. One never develops

aware of their obligations to themselves, faith, and of the knowledge of the Son character by yielding to wrong. "To

to their families, and to the nation. In of God, unto a perfect man, unto the him that overcometh will I give to eat

this recognition they endeavor to keep measure of the stature of the fulness of the tree of life...."(Rev. 2:7.)

themselves mentally, emotionally, spiritof Christ."(Ephesians 4:1213.) Strength comes by resisting!

ually, socially, and physically fit. Now,, let us just take a glimpse of the We are living not only in a commercompleteness of the Church organizacial age, but also in a nicotine age, and

I. Responsibility of Parents tions, and we shall find it discloses the viciously the cigaret habit is fastening

fact that in the auxiliary organizations, itself upon the human race. GovernParents have a responsibility in this quorums, and other groups, there is an ment, medical, and other statistics are

education. Youth needs guidance, diarmy of officers and teachers ready to constantly warning us of the enormous

rection, and proper restraint. "Let thy guide and direct youth in the proper strides that this insidious enemy to

child's first lesson be obedience, and the way. health and morals is making; but we

second will be what thou wilt,"said In the Sunday School for example, little realize how active and potent are

Benjamin Franklin. A child learns this there are 82,449 officers and teachers, the forces at work to foster this and

lesson early at his mother's knee—somehaving under their charge 664,750 peokindred vices, and all for commercial

times across his mother's knee. The ple. Primary: 51,053 officers and teachgain.

child should learn early that the world ers, having under their charge 290,789 In "Habits that Handicap,"Charles

424 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA B. Towne, a quarter of a century ago, and encouragement to strive for culcalmness be characteristic of our home

explains how "salesmen and demontural and spiritual attainment. It is life.

strators a few years ago were employed the binding duty of leaders of youth, "Children, obey your parents in the by manufacturers to go throughout and particularly mothers, by example Lord:"said Paul, "for this is right.

China 'to show the people how to smoke to make ineffective the influence of de- "Honour thy father and mother;

cigarettes.'It is estimated that as a signing men who would make profit out which is the first commandment with

result of this campaign, one half of the of their fellows who have fallen so low promise;

cigaret consumption in the world is in as to be slaves to vice and passions. "That it may be well with thee, and

China. It is little wonder, when we The restored gospel is a rational thou mayest live long on the earth.

learn that because of cheap labor twenphilosophy that teaches men how to get "And, ye fathers, provoke not your ty cigarets could be sold for a penny!"happiness in this life and exaltation in children to wrath: but bring them up

The author also makes this remarkable the life to come. The mission of the in the nurture and admonition of the

statement: "1 consider that cigarette Church is to establish the kingdom of Lord."(Ephesians 6:1-4. Italics added.)

smoking is the greatest vice devastating God upon the earth, "which is not a To this admonition of Paul, we add humanity today because it is doing more mythical but a real kingdom,"says a the word of the Lord to the Prophet than any other vice to deteriorate the prominent writer not of the Church. Joseph as follows:

race.""It is a body of people dominated by "And again, inasmuch as parents have

Think of the effect of an army of ideals of productivity, which is mutual children in Zion, or in any of her stakes officers and teachers, with hundreds of service. We do not strive for the things which are organized, that teach them

thousands of youth under their care, which satisfy but for the moment and not to understand the doctrine of renot one of whom should ever put a then leave a bad taste. We strive for pentance, faith in Christ the Son of the

cigaret in his or her mouth! What a the things which build us up, and enliving God, and of baptism and the

potent example! The voice of the able us and our children to be strong, gift of the Holy Ghost by the laying

Church will ever be raised against the to flourish, and to conquer. We strive on of the hands, when eight years old,

increasing tendency among men and to make ourselves worthy to receive the sin be upon the heads of the parwomen to stain their lives with nicothe world by fitting ourselves to use ents.

tine. Especially does it deplore this growthe world more productively than others. "For this shall be a law unto the

ing evil among women. Heretofore, We believe that obedience to God inhabitants of Zion, or in any of her

virtuous AngloSaxon womanhood has means obedience to the laws of nature, stakes which are organized....

been above this indulgence, and has which are but the manifestations of "And they shall also teach their chiltherefore been a restraining and uphis will; and we try by painstaking dren to pray, and to walk uprightly

lifting influence on men. Now, this study to acquire the most complete and before the Lord."(D&C 68:2528.)

influence is being subjected to the inexact knowledge of that will in order The training of youth is an obligasidious lure of the cigaret; and mothers that we may conform ourselves to it."tion, first, upon the parents; next, upon

of men, around whom center the sweet- (Thomas Nixon Carver.) teachers in the Church, in auxiliaries

est, purest, noblest sentiments of our and quorums, in the missionary field, lives, are contaminating their sweetness HI. Power of Example proclaiming the gospel wherever they

and purity by indulgence in one of may be called, and upon all the citiman's vices. The more woman becomes To live an upright life, to conform zens whether in the Church or out of

like man, the less he will respect her; to high ethical standards, is the rethe Church. It is one of the obligacivilization weakens as man's estimate sponsibility and duty of every teacher tions to which our attention is now

of woman lessens. of the land. Greater than this is the called by the President of the United

That it is woman's right to indulge in responsibility of the religious teacher, States who has placed the responsibility this habit, we do not question; yet, we for in addition to his belief in the upon his cabinet, who have appointed

lose some of that sweet respect and adefficacy of ethical and moral precepts, a citizens'committee, and asking the miration for women when we see them the religious teacher assumes the responentire nation to combine in this great walk deliberately into mire holes that sibility of leading the youth into the educational campaign.

have heretofore besmeared only men. realm of spirituality. Fellow workers, may inspiration from

It is difficult to conceive that any Example is the best and most effecon High be given each of us to discharge mother would arrogate to herself the tive way of teaching. Let us be exemour responsibilities throughout this

thought that staining her lips with plary in our speech. No true leader Church in training the youth, not only

tobacco would add to her dignity as of the Church will ever profane the during Youth Training Week throughmother, or increase the admiration and name of God or his Beloved Son, espeout this land but always, having in pride that children hold for true mothercially in the presence of his sons, or in mind God's saying found only in this hood. the presence of any other young people. revealed Church: "For behold, this is

The mission of the Church is to proProfanity is a vice. We can set a my work and my glory—to bring to

claim the truth of the restored gospel, proper example also by speaking well pass the immortality and eternal life of to uplift society that people may mingle of others. The Lord has admonished man."(Moses 1:39.)

more amicably one with another; to us not to engage in backbiting. AnGod help us to be true instruments

create in our communities a wholesome other worthy example is exercising selfin his hands in accomplishing this environment in which our children control, controlling our temper by not divine ideal, I pray in the name of may find strength to resist temptation speaking angrily in the home. Let Jesus Christ. Amen.

JUNE 1959 425 clear that he had no intention of deAnd Paul, his apostle, certified that fining merely a moral code of which there was but one authentic gospel.

he was the exemplar, for following these These are his words: "But though we,

words he declared a great spiritual truth or an angel from heaven, preach any which lies at the basis of the whole other gospel unto you than that which

Christian faith when he said: "... no we have preached unto you, let him

man cometh unto the Father but by be accursed."(Gal. 1:8.)

me."(John 14:6.) And further he declares: "But I certiHerein lies the very crux of the quesfy you, brethren, that the gospel which

tion which the minister proposed: Can was preached of me is not after man.

a man be a Christian without allying "For I neither received it of man, himself with a Christian church? Is neither was I taught it, but by the

it sufficient that one adopt the Chrisrevelation of Jesus Christ."(Idem, 11tian virtues in his life—be unselfish, 12.) And the Christian scriptures are

kind, considerate, longsuffering, patient, replete with the injunction that the gentle, serving his fellow man after the gospel of our Lord is to be preached

WHAT IT MEANS TO BE patternsufficient?set byTherethe Savior?is no questionIs this alonethat tongue,"... to andeverypeople."nation, (Rev.and kindred,14:6.) and

A CHRISTIAN* arespectman soandlivingesteemcommandsof goodthe people.utmost in Ifthetheremindshouldof anyonebe anyprofessinguncertaintyto be

There is no question but that such a life Christian as to the essentiality of the

Stephen L Richards is filled with happiness and satisfacgospel and its ordinances, it seems to of the First Presidency tions—satisfactions that endure. Is all me it should be completely resolved by

this good living of itself enough? the final charge to his disciples, given

At this point I must introduce to my in almost the closing hours of his morsisters brethren and dear and My life, of fellow porthese uttered he members when friends—my

Ifriends, I assure appear you that are well acquainted with Jesus words: and heChurch came "And it—the taltentous selfthisfore without vast audience is scripture revelation, saying, All from spake them, power unto modern which

assurance, and with deep humility, and brings clarity to our thinking. These given unto me in heaven and in earth.

with an earnest prayer that the Lord are the words of the Lord to his "Go ye therefore, and teach all nawill bless me and you with a bond of Prophet: "And verily, verily, I say unto tions, baptizing them in the name of

sympathetic understanding. you, he that receiveth my gospel rethe Father, and of the Son, and of the

Some time ago I heard over the radio ceiveth me; and he that receiveth not Holy Ghost:

a minister begin his address with the my gospel receiveth not me."(D&C "Teaching them to observe all things

following question: "Can a man be a 39:5.) whatsoever I have commanded you:

Christian without belonging to a ChrisNow if it is essential to receive the and, lo, I am with you alway, even tian church?"His discussion of the gospel in order to receive the Christ, unto the end of the world. Amen."

subject was very interesting. If I corwhat follows? To answer this we must (Matthew 28:1820.)

rectly interpreted his argument, his understand and define the gospel. Is Now if gospel ordinances are essenanswer was, "No—a man cannot truly the gospel itself anything more than the tial they must be administered, and

be a Christian without belonging to a sum total of the Savior's divine attriin logical sequence it follows that they

Christian church."butes and qualities? I think that all must be administered by those having

I do not propose on this occasion who give careful consideration to the a delegation of authority to do so. So

either to support or oppose the concluscriptures and the works of the Master it follows also that the delegation of sion reached by the reverend gentlewill agree that it is. Perhaps the most authority must come from one source

presented seemed reasons heman. The all definitions plan, gospel of the of the of the gospel Author famous only—the Iplausible to doubt have no me, and his said: authority derived is that given from he by Christ, who Paul when

they seemed so to many of his listeners. "... I am not ashamed of the gospel the Eternal Father. Those who held

I should like to. use the theme of his of Christ: for it is the power of God and exercised such authority in ancient

arresting address to bring forward some unto salvation to every one that beIsrael, as in the Meridian of Time, thoughts and concepts I have on the lieveth;..."(Romans 1:16.) were endowed with what is called

nature and vitality of the Christian It is certainly not difficult to gather "priesthood,"being a divinely bestowed religion. from the words, "power of God unto commission to represent the Father and

Just what is Christianity, and what salvation,"a meaning beyond that of the Son and perform the ordinances does it mean to be a Christian? In as- a moral code for living based upon the of the gospel.

these to onsuming make comment special authority is a divine Savior. as kind attributes of the This The gospel

it to be questions, I wishimportant differing in reof widely salvation power, embrace a power unto must many understood that I make no pretention not only all the Christlike characterspects from other forms of delegated to scholarship or academic learning on istics of living, but also the means esauthority. I am indebted for a dethe subject matter involved. I believe sential to salvation. These indispensable scription of its nature and constituency

that academic learning is not itself means or essentials for salvation have to a modern revelation, unique so far as essential for me or any other man to been clearly set forth by the Savior I know in the whole field of theological reach some important conclusions. We on numerous occasions and in unmislearning. This is the revelation:

are told that things of the Spirit in takable terms. He prescribed ordinances "... the rights of the priesthood are

divine revelation are so plain and simple and proclaimed their indispensable nainseparably connected with the powers to those of faith and understanding that ture. He declared to John the Baptist of heaven, and... the powers of heaven

read."mayhe "who runs for his controlled application be protested bapcannot handled only nor who

all, Christians if not Surely most, fulprinciples to righteousness. of us tism that baptism upon the "becometh

will agree that any adequate concept fil all righteousness."(Matt. 3:1316.) "That they may be conferred upon us,

involveof a spiritual the Master must apostles his it is true; to again he but and and we undertake Time when

interpretation. utthe Savior When all to or to gratify exhorted repentance cover our sins, our pride, after him

"I great thetered those words, am faith, to exercise to firm or ambition, baptism conand vain way, and and our it is life,"entirely thethe truth, and trol faith in abiding holy gosthe or compulsion or dominion him and upon *Sunday morning, April 5, 1959. pel. the souls of the children of men, in any

426 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA degree of unrighteousness, behold, the had better begin with a few statements brass, the silver, and the gold, broken heavens withdraw themselves; the Spirit which may seem rather trite. The kingto pieces together, and became like the

of the Lord is grieved; and when it is dom of God is a kingdom, not a dechaff of the summer threshingfloors;

withdrawn, Amen to the priesthood or mocracy. The king is the author and and the wind carried them away...."

the authority of that man."(D&C source of the law, the judge, and the (Dan. 2:3435.)

121:3637.) omnipotent administrator. He and he Then follows a description of the

Here is a divine endowment, a maronly prescribes the rules governing kingdoms represented by parts of the velous gift to man, which may be lost eligibility for membership in his kingimage which the king saw, and finally, by failure to exercise the power in its dom. I grant that this may sound arbifollowing a description of the kingdoms

true meaning and spirit. It has been trary and dogmatic. In organizations of the world, these words:

lost, my brothers and sisters and friends, formed by men no such autocratic "And in the days of these kings shall to men of old as in modern times by power would be tolerated. But the the God of heaven set up a kingdom,

failure both to understand its true nakingdom of our Lord is not an organwhich shall never be destroyed: and the

ture and to exercise its functions in a ization formed by men. Liberty loving kingdom shall not be left to other

manner compatible with the spirit and men can accept such omnipotent power people, but it shall break in pieces and essence of the power itself. only because they have faith and comconsume all these kingdoms, and it

Listen to these lovely words further plete confidence in the beneficence of shall stand for ever."(Idem 44.)

defining the nature of this holy power. such power. This and other prophecies of ancient

"No power or influence can or ought What then is the standing of a sodays predict with certainty the setting to be maintained by virtue of the priestcalled Christian with reference to the up of a kingdom of God in the earth.

hood, only by persuasion, by longsuf- kingdom of God? Is he rightly classiIn the mind and. heart of the prophets

fering, by gentleness and meekness, and fied as Christian unless he has taken no mere mystical kingdom is predicted, by love unfeigned; the steps necessary to receive the gospel but an actual institutional power which

"By kindness, and pure knowledge, of our Lord and enter into his kingdom? shall not only have sway among men,

which shall greatly enlarge the soul I believe, my friends, that a careful but among the kingdoms and estabwithout hypocrisy, and without guile survey of all pertinent scriptures, as well lishments of the world.

"Let thy bowels also be full of charity as the whole history of Christ's work In a later day, after the Savior had towards all men, and to the household among men, will demonstrate that only completed his ministry on the earth, of faith, and let virtue garnish thy by the complete acceptance of the to his beloved apostle, John, came thoughts unceasingly; then shall thy Christ as our Lord, and subscribing to the following revelation:

confidence wax strong in the presence all the conditions and requirements of "And I saw another angel fly in the of God; and the doctrine of the priesthis holy gospel, including its sacred midst of heaven, having the everlasting

hood shall distil upon thy soul as the ordinances governing induction into his gospel to preach unto them that dwell dews from heaven."(Idem, 4142, 45.) kingdom, can a man fully justify a on the earth, and to every nation, and

The priesthood which the revelations claim to the honorable distinction of kindred, and tongue, and people, so define was lost to those following his being a Christian. So it seems to me "Saying with a loud voice, Fear God,

apostles when they failed to preserve that the crucial question is not so much and give glory to him; for the hour of

the spirit and essentials of this divine whether a man must belong to a church his judgment is come: and worship him

power, just as the Lord said in the to be a Christian, but whether he has that made heaven, and earth, and the revelation it would be: "Amen to the prepared himself and taken the necessea, and the fountains of waters."(Rev.

priesthood or the authority of that sary steps to enter into the kingdom of 14:6-7.)

man,"(Idem, 37) are the words of the God. It is true that times are not set in

Lord. When it was lost, it had to be It would seem beyond question that these revelations for the fulfilment of

restored, and it had to be restored authere could not be more than one kingthe prophecies therein contained, but thentically. dom of the Lord. So the concern of all all will agree that they contemplated a

The powers of the priesthood may who seek Christian salvation must be: time of fulfilment. That time came, my

never be assumed. They must always Where is that kingdom? Where is it friends, more than a century ago in the

be conferred, and of course by someone set up in the earth that men may come free land of America with guarantees having the power to confer. My friends, to it and receive its transcendent blessof liberty sufficient to protect men inI wish you to know—and I hope you ings? This is a delicate question the free expression of religious convicwill not regard it as presumptuous in because the feelings of people about retions. I think in no other land at the

me to inform you—that the powers ligion are deep and sensitive. No one time of fulfilment could the great spiritof the Holy Priesthood have been conlikes to offend. I assure you I do not, ual experiences lying at the foundation

ferred authentically in modern times. but I would be untrue to my calling if of a great cause have been tolerated

Time will not permit me to detail all I did not undertake to the best of my sufficiently to come to fruition.

the circumstances attendant upon this ability to give to all men the revelations In this land of liberty fulfilment bestowal of divine power, but I give of the Lord about this question: Where came. The predictions of old came to

it to you as my considered judgment is the kingdom of God set up in the pass. The prophets were vindicated.

andevidence—crediblemy firm convictionand reliablethat evidencethere is earth?First I must take you back to an antelligent,Through unsophisticatedthe instrumentalityyoungof manan inof—to support and verify the account of cient prophecy with which many are great faith, through men of humility,

such bestowal as contained in the recfamiliar. You will remember that when the Lord's kingdom was set up in the

ords of the Restored Church of our Daniel was asked to interpret the king's earth, his own true Church established

Lord. And in addition to such credible dream of the great image whose head with the power of the Holy Priesthood

evidence I believe that an openminded was of gold, whose breast and arms to administer the ordinances of the gosinvestigator will discover from the opwere of silver, whose belly and thighs pel, and with the same organization that erations of this divine power results, were of brass, with legs of iron and the Christ himself gave to men when benefits, and blessings corroborative of feet of clay, he uttered these portentous he ministered in flesh among them.

the divine authenticity of the Holy words: I hope you will realize, my friends,

Priesthood as it exists today in this "Thou sawest till that a stone was that it is impossible in this short period sorry world which so much needs it. cut out without hands, which smote the of time to present in any detail and

Now we return to the specific theme image upon his feet that were of iron with any sufficient measure of adewith which we began—the relationship and clay, and brake them to pieces. quacy the circumstances which justify

of a Christian to a church. Perhaps I "Then was the iron, the clay, the the statement which I have made in

JUNE 1959 427 your hearing. All I can do in these hopes and ambitions.

few minutes is to give you assurance I have one more thought to give you, that proof is available, proof not only fearing that some may appraise my refor mental assurance but soul convicmarks as too fanatical and visionary. I

tion as well, which in my humble remember years ago reading a book judgment is sufficient to satisfy the written by Walter Lippman, who I searcher after the truth. think has the reputation of being a

Therefore, if you would be truly rather keen analyst of human affairs.

Christian, if you would be classified as Writing of man and religion, he said a disciple of our dear Savior, I hold out in substance that they who give serious to you the one sure way of achieving thought to religion are of two classes that great distinction. Come into his the humanists and the authoritarians.

kingdom through the door which is Either one must interpret the spiritual open to all who will abide his law and and religious in terms of human origin, his gospel. Come to participate in attributes, and characteristics, or in

blessings and high privileges which terms of a God of revelation, power, and surpass even the vision of your highest authority.

feet. his to hold

heardTHE RESURRECTED Christ... for ofthereNazareth,is nonewhomother yenamecrucified,under mittedThey thesawwomenhim. They

CHRIST APPEARS* heaven given among men, whereby we voice. They knew he was resurrected.his

must be saved."(Acts 4:7-10, 12.) A little later on that day, two of the

/. Reuben Clark, Jr. As I have read the record, I have disciples were on their way to Emmaus.

of the First Presidency been persuaded that not so fully did the The Savior joined them. He seemed

apostles themselves, up until after the to be uninformed about what had hapresurrection, understand in the pened Savior to Jerusalem who which seemed sisters, brothers in the here and My or be, as might did was the learned talk have in been Jerusalem common by air, allbuilding the children and on

Israel, of that partially saw, time, men bit talked who a and they who aboutof I our Father, before Heavenly stand understood, feared. and that. did Savior who not appear The apin humility, in ofyou need help from

Savior, tells the in Acts, us to as The parently Book he them appeared had Iour Father. asked Heavenly have remained after earth the his on resurbefore his resurrection. So he went I to helphim me. appreciate an would

for rection forty days, during tell along which time with to them and began themequal prayer to end. from the you same

I it, all worked he preached and and, about would was, he and began who is This time. Easter celebration The assisted in assume, setting in to order repeat scriptures his the to them. Comof the just resurrection passed, has and Church. ing to inn invited an they in with him is theresometimes a think to tendency

I I But thought that in, over, them. might run sat preparThey went down,that thereafter the Lord ascended, and far as so serves ing eat. a me, to memory broke few my bread offered and He it. to nothing havewe more about do

it of the visual that to demonstrations them. were they for recognized ThenI particularly have in had two mind in early given those first of days the the Resurtime was, he he vanand who Ior three try that shall passages to rected Christ. ished. that You remember anrecall.

earthquake before the came of night break the That only were ten—there In Passover the chamber, the Lord rolled and day back stone the eleven altogether the from Iscariot because now Isaid, "... the truth, the way, and am sepulchre. are not given acan had sitting committed We in suicide—were life:the no the cometh unto man as to count the Savior how together came from a room suddenly and Savior theFather, but 14:6.) by me."At (John sepulchre except the that read that stood we them. frightamong were Theyvarious his in times mission, he added burial the left clothes in ened. were the spirit. thought a he They was its "light,"the so that in word com- ". itself. sepulchre..... said, are He ye troubled? Why itplete "I stands, form the way, am that You remember Mary Behold Magdalene it feet, hands and that my my life, truth,the the light."the and

first, the is I even was before the myself: see; dawn handle for me, a and I at that of remember the time the broke, to to the it sepulchre. go spirit Seeing flesh not hath bones, as and ye ofraising Lazarus, said, the in Lord open, she tell to rushed Peter see and John. have."24:3839.) (Luke me They toresponse a statement from Martha: realizing, not They not understanding, had thought spirit. he a might be I "... resurrection, the the and am not for, knowing to look what rushed then he asked And thislife: in that them—and believeth he me, though

it to the sepulchre and found empty. has always interesting been to shall live: dead, yethe were me—he he

after Shortly that the for asked women came at them dinwere food—they liveth whosoever believeth "And and spices with because there had been no they fish gave broiled him ner—and shallin die. never Believest thou me time the previous on night Friday propand honeycomb, he and resurthis? ate—a

erly to prepare the for Christ his rected ate of being these earthly foods. saith I Yea, him, unto "She beLord: burial. did not They understand that there, not was Thomas and Thomaslieve art that Christ, the thou the Son to he resurrected be was the said on that mornif he not believe would heof into the God, should which come of ing the third for day, they could on not came touch the Savior to sure. be 11:2527.)world."(John that properly morning dress to Eight and days following, the apostles were Peter, to speaking the in Sanhedrin, prepare the for burial. all body together Mary again, this Magtime ". Thomas.. their toresponse question, what By dalene with was them and the with Mary them, the and doors shut, beingpower, or name, by what have done ye recall mother. that You so forwhile the he says, record the Savior suddenly "...this?"replied, the of by Jesus name to Mary, bade already he had in whom appeared their midst and addressing

*Saturday morning, April 4, 1959. shown himself, to touch him, he perhimself to Thomas, with his unbelief,

428 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Well, I am of the latter class. I berepresentatives from period to period and his children with humility and comlieve in God implicitly. I believe in have not been pretenders. I have lived plete dedication.

the divinity of our Lord and Savior long enough to have known personally And I must ask all of you, my friends, as the Son of God. I believe that the four, and two more at a distance, of the not to forget that truth is not deterLord has revealed himself to men in nine Presidents who have presided over mined by numbers, nor the number of

days past, and that he has not denied the Church since its beginning, and I its adherents. Christ began alone. Then

to his children of later generations the have had intimate association with our as always, as the old saying goes, "God blessing and benefit of his revelations. leader who guides the Church today and one man are a majority."With

I am convinced beyond the shadow of for more than fifty years. Of my own him we are safe.

I testify his rethat that gospel these revered has doubta been knowledge its all in fulness their associates its ordistored leaders in the with and PrecomeI prayto allforourspiritualdear brethrenunderstandingand sistersto acting authentically of the the tonances, siding Councils powers and Church, administer them in these last days. I under the authority of the Holy Priestin this world, that men may know in

give you my solemn witness that his hood, have administered the affairs of their hearts what it truly means to be kingdom is set up in the earth, and the kingdom with the fear of God in a Christian, a disciple of Christ. The

that it is established forever; that they their hearts, fearing to offend him in Lord bless us all, I ask humbly in the

whom he has chosen to be his special any degree, and seeking to serve him name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

invited an examination of his body. invited them to partake of it. who has received greater blessings of

"Reach hither thy hand,"said he, "and It is not clear to me whether or not health and strength than have I myself, thrust it into my side:..."Whether the Lord ate at that time, though the for which I am grateful.

Thomas did as he was bid or not, is inference might be that he did. I am grateful, as we all are, for the

not clear, but at the end of it, Thomas That was the time when he quesprayers of the Saints in our behalf. We

said, "My Lord and my God."(John tioned Peter a bit, "Simon, son of Jonas, know we have them, we know they are

20:2628.) lovest thou me more than these?"referefficacious. We pray that you will overThereafter, or on that same day, he ring, I assume, to the fish and the food. look our weaknesses and failings, for

had shown himself to Peter as was "Yea, Lord; thou knowest that I love each and all of us are human; make us

disclosed in the report which was made thee...."humble but never let. us forget our gratiby these disciples who had seen him "Feed my lambs."(Ibid., 21:1516.) tude for the blessings which we enjoy.

on their way to Emmaus. The second inquiry came and the The Lord is good to us. He is giving

Thereafter, he appeared several times; same answer, except that at this time us direction if we will take it. I urge

among others he appeared to five hunthe Lord said, "Feed my sheep."And you to bring your thoughts back, as I

dred at one time, and the writer of even a third time did this question did last night, from space, about which

Acts declared that some were then livcome, and the third time Peter, with we know nothing in comparison with ing of that five hundred when he wrote. what quite evidently was something of what there is to know—and fix our

He appeared to the disciples and irritation, said, "Lord, thou knowest all minds upon the great powers and autalked with them thereafter, particularly things; thou knowest that I love thee."thorities which we have as members of

on the occasion when Peter and six "Feed my sheep."(Idem, 17.) the priesthood, representing our Heavothers of the apostles, apparently, de- A great lesson in three words of the enly Father, endowed with a portion of

cided that they would go fishing, that mission and duty of the Church then his authority to work out his purposes, everything was over. So they went under organization and which has been not ours.

fishing. You will all remember, I am very the obligation and the duty from that I bear my testimony to the truthfulsure, the incidents of that fishing trip. day until now of those who possess the ness of the gospel, that God lives, that

The apostles had fished all night and priesthood of God, as we do. Jesus is the Christ, that the Prophet

caught nothing. As they neared the Finally, he called them together again Joseph was a prophet raised up under

shore of the Sea of Galilee they saw a on a mount in Galilee, the disciples, his direction, who with his authorities figure on the shore by a fire. The figure and at that time he gave them the great through the revelations of our Heavenly

asked them if they had caught any commission, "Go ye into all the world, Father, founded the Church. I bear my

fish. They answered no. Then said and preach the gospel to every creature. testimony that the same Spirit and the

he, "Cast the net on the right side of "He that believeth and is baptized same power and the same authority with the ship,"which they did, and it was shall be saved; but he that believeth which he, the Prophet Joseph, was infilled with fish. Then John perceived not shall be damned."(Mark 16:1516.) vested, now exists in the Church and

that this was the Lord and so told the Those are the words of the Christ. ha's since its foundation, that President

group. Then he told them of the signs which David O. McKay is the recipient of that

Peter, the impetuous Peter, who someshould follow them that believed. power and that authority today.

times apparently talked before he We, brethren and sisters, are the re- I urge upon you with all the fervor thought, cast himself over the side of cipients of the great blessings that that I can express, that we follow the the boat, having first wrapped himself attach to the work of the last dispensaleadership of the Church, know that with his coat, for he was naked and tion. We are also the obligees of the President McKay is the prophet, seer,

did not want to appear before the great responsibilities which have been and revelator of the Church, that we

Christ in that kind of condition—which placed upon those whom God has bring our lives into complete harmony

carries its lesson, I think, as to chastity called to lead this last dispensation. I with the commandments of the Lord,

and morality and modesty—and he hurpersonally try to think more frequently all to the end that having fulfilled our

ried to the shore. They all went to the of the obligations I have than of the obligations to the dead and to the living,

shore. They found there the Lord blessings that I have enjoyed, and yet we may be finally saved and exalted

whom they then recognized. He had as I cast my mind back over a long life, in his presence, which I ask in the name

already prepared something to eat and I think of no one in my acquaintance of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

JUNE 1959 429 Prophet Joseph Smith and Oliver saith the voice of him who dwells on

Cowdery. high, and whose eyes are upon all

And from that source we have obmen; yea, verily I say: Hearken ye peotained the priesthood of God by which ple from afar; and ye that are upon the

we act and by which we go forth into islands of the sea, listen together."

the world to preach the gospel to those (D&C 1:1.)

who sit in darkness. I know this stateNow, that is to all those who are livment is not pleasing to the great maing. But the Lord goes on to enlarge

jority of people upon the face of the this thought. And he says:

earth, but nevertheless it is true. And I "For verily the voice of the Lord is

realize that it is impossible for us—all unto all men, and there is none to

shall not thingsLord—butare itpossible,is impossibleof course,for usto withthe escape;not see,andneitherthere isearno thateye that shall

all the means that we have at our comhear, neither heart that shall not be mand and the means at our command penetrated."(Idem 2.)

have increased wonderfully in the last The Lord has not limited that to any the face or age upon any every dispensation reach cannot few we years—but

that has of the earth. made the earth. face of He the soul living uponTEMPLE WORK They are dying off every day. They as broad as the history of mankind,just

are being born every day into the world. and he adds:

Joseph Fielding Smith However, the Word of the Lord being "And the rebellious shall be pierced iniquities for their sorrow; with much the mesthe time must when comePresident of the Council of the Twelve true, the housetops, shall upon soul. be spoken every will of salvation reach sage

How is that to be done? We do the and their secret acts shall be revealed."

My dear brethren and sisters, I need bestour command,we can withthroughall thethefacilitiespreachingat (IdemIt seems3.) so strange to me that the

the help of the Spirit of the Lord. of the gospel, disseminating the truth peoples of this world since the days of

Elder Christiansen reported his visit to by word of mouth, by the many facilithe great apostasy, when the apostles the various branches of the Church in ties that are at our command, through of old were removed and those who

Europe. I made a promise to the good the magazines that are published, held the priesthood were destroyed, that

far the in of the Churchmembers awful fall into the could the world other press the and every through

I would I returnedPacific that when prevails, which today condition it which for us is impossible with But 'means.

remember them to you and express to the facilities such as they are, to reach denies salvation to every soul born into you their love and fellowship. It is a every soul. this world who never heard the name

glorious thing to go into a country, one Furthermore, there have been millions of Jesus Christ or never had an opporso far away, and find members of the upon millions of people who have lived tunity to repent and be baptized or

Church who think and act just as we in this world who never had the opporreceive the gift of the Holy Ghost.

do here, with the same testimony of the tunity to hear of Christ, never heard They have held out no hope for all of truth of the gospel of Jesus Christ. I his name; they lived at a time and in these people of the nations, pagan or

am fulfilling my promise in expressing a place where his name was not known, otherwise, who have dwelt upon the to you their goodwill and fellowship. where the gospel did not reach them, face of the earth without the knowledge

For the few minutes that I have I not because of any fault on the part of the gospel of Jesus Christ.

text the words like to take from a itwould is just, he has Lord servand his of made in The nor of Father heaven our

. ".. a except Savior, beof our man will clear time that the when earth, come of the peoples to the ants reach

born of water and of the Spirit, he but because from the beginning of time every soul shall have an opportunity cannot enter into the kingdom of God."men have loved Satan more than they to hear the truth. That does not mean

(John 3:5.) loved God, and they have turned away that every soul has the opportunity or

I am firmly convinced that nowhere and refused to receive the truth, have will have that opportunity in this else in the world, outside of the Church raised their children in darkness, and mortal world. Millions have died withof Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, is they have died in darkness, so far as the out that opportunity. It has been no

there anyone who has the authority to gospel of Jesus Christ is concerned. fault of theirs, but the fault lies with

perform the ordinances that would bring Nevertheless, the promises of the Lord their fathers before them, who turned the birth of the water and of the Spirit must and will be fulfilled. From the away from the truth which truth was

to mankind. That would have to be very beginning of this dispensation, just given in the beginning to Adam who was

from someone who has the authority of a few months after the organization of commanded to teach these things to his the priesthood of God, and that authorthe Church, the Lord gave a revelation children. The scriptures say that Adam

ity was revealed in these latterdays, the in which he foreshadowed the salvation did teach these things to his children,

Aaronic Priesthood first by John the of the human family, all of those who but that they loved Satan more than

Baptist to the Prophet Joseph Smith would repent and believe. I shall read to they loved God, and Satan came among

and Oliver Cowdery, and then the Melyou this part of the Lord's Preface to the them and said, "I, too, am a son of God, chizedek Priesthood under the hands book of his commandments; the words believe it not, and they believed it

of Peter, James, and John, also to the of Jesus Christ, himself. not and from that time forth men beSaturday afternoon, April 4, 1959. "Hearken, O ye people of my church, came carnal, sensual and devilish,"

Saturday Morning Session, April 4, 1959 My brethren and sisters, as I stand they may be in harmony with the won-

I inof President Clark to this derful testimony seek an morning youFAITH AND LOYALTY before prayers, that faith terest in and your we have listened. whom

Antoine R. Iritis the few words which I may offer may My heart is full of gratitude this

of the First Council of the Seventy be directed by the Spirit of God, that morning for many, many things. I am

430 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (see Moses 5:13) and so darkness self, baptism for the remission of his portant in its sphere as the Savior's

spread over the face of the earth. sins and the laying on of hands for the work was in its sphere. Our fathers

In his justice, the Lord has revealed gift of the Holy Ghost. What a woncannot be made perfect without us; we

to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterderful gift it is the Lord has placed cannot be made perfect without them.

day Saints, just as he revealed it in the into our hands, to bring salvation to They have done their work and now days of the apostles, that there is a the dead, to those who are willing to sleep. We are now called upon to do

salvation even for the dead and the repent and receive the truth. ours; which is to be the greatest work

time must come when every soul must I have no idea in my mind that every man ever performed on the earth."

have an opportunity to hear it. Those soul that has lived upon the face of Brigham Young. (Discourses, p. 406.)

who did not get the opportunity to hear the earth, who has died and gone to "The ordinance of sealing must be it in this world will have that opporthe spirit world, is going to repent and performed here man to man, and woman tunity in the world of spirits, and Peter receive the gospel. There will be many to man, and children to parents, etc.,

made that very clear in his Epistles, that will not do that. Our scriptures until the chain of generation is made

and it is only fair that those who died point to that fact. They are not going perfect in the sealing ordinances back

without a knowledge of the gospel to receive the gospel in the spirit world, to Father Adam...."(Ibid., p. 407.)

should have the opportunity to hear it, when their souls are full of bitterness "Brethren and sisters, lay these things and the Lord revealed that great truth and hate towards the truth, but they to heart. Let us go on with our records

to the Prophet Joseph Smith, that the have a right to have it taught to them.... I pray God that as a people our

time would come when the gospel of The Lord went into the spirit world, eyes may be opened to see, our ears to the kingdom would be declared to the himself, turned the key for the salvation hear, and our hearts to understand the dead and they who never had the opof the dead and our elders when they great and mighty work that rests upon portunity of hearing it should have that pass to the next world, go into that our shoulders, and that the God of opportunity given to them, and if they world to continue their labors of preachheaven requires at our hand...."Presiwould repent in that spirit world then ing the gospel, bringing to repentance dent Wilford Woodruff. (The Utah

we could go into the temples of the all who are willing to repent and receive Genealogical and Historical Magazine,

Lord and perform the ordinances for the truth, that they might come into Vol. 13, p. 152.)

them vicariously, being saviors upon the kingdom of God, or as Paul calls it, "This is the day in which the Lord

Mount Zion, and thus give unto the "the family of God in heaven and on expects his Church at least to inaugurate dead the opportunity to hear the truth, earth."For it is the family of God. the great work of turning 'the heart of

to repent of their sins, and if they will The kingdom of God will be one great the fathers to the children, and the heart repent and turn away from evil and family. We call ourselves brothers and of the children to their fathers.'"Presiaccept the truth, we can go into the sisters. In very deed we become joint dent David O. McKay (The Utah Genetemples of the Lord and perform the heirs with Jesus Christ through the alogical and Historical Magazine, Vol.

ordinances for them which will be valid gospel of Jesus Christ, sons and daugh25, p. 59 or Gospel Ideals, p. 19.)

unto them just the same as if they ters of God, and entitled to the ful- "What about your great great anwere living upon the face of the earth. ness of the blessings of his kingdom if cestors who never heard the name of

The gospel of Jesus Christ is a vicariwe will repent and keep these comJesus Christ?... You may have the opous work. Christ came into this world mandments. portunity of gathering the names of your

and died for mankind. He did not In conclusion I want to read to you ancestors and, by being baptized for by

die just for those who repented of their one or two statements dealing with our proxy, they may become members of sins and received his gospel. His death responsibilities towards the dead. First the kingdom of God in the other world

upon the cross brought salvation to from the Prophet Joseph Smith: as we are members here."—President

every living soul, so far as the resurrec- "The greatest responsibility in this David O. McKay. (See Instructor, Notion from the dead is concerned, and world that God has laid upon us, is vember 1958, p. 322.)

every soul born into this world shall to seek after our dead."(Teachings of Now, brethren, these are our responreceive the resurrection from the dead the Prophet Joseph Smith, p. 356.) sibilities, and the Lord requires this

because he was not guilty of bringing "This doctrine was the burden of work at our hands. The Church has

death into the world, and man is not the scriptures. Those Saints who neglect gone to great expense endeavoring to

penalized because death came into the it, in behalf of their deceased relatives, gather the records of the dead, and I world, but naturally he has to die do it at the peril of their own salvation."want to say to you, has been very, very

that is part of the mortal life—but (Ibid., p. 193.) successful in that labor to gather in the

he will be raised again in the resurrec- "It is one of the greatest and most records of your ancestors so that we tion no matter who he is, no matter important subjects that God has recould go into the temples of the Lord when he lived, no matter what he bevealed. He should send Elijah to seal and perform these labors for them so

lieved or what he failed to believe. the children to the fathers, and the that all who are willing to repent and

That is a universal gift from Jesus Christ fathers to the children... without us, receive the gospel of Jesus Christ may

to every soul. they could not be made perfect, nor we be brought into his kingdom and into

It is a different matter, however, so without them; the fathers without the that great family of God, which is both

far as the kingdom of God is concerned, children, nor the children without the in heaven and on earth.

and no soul is going to enter into that fathers... I wish you to understand And I humbly pray that this spirit

kingdom until he has received either this subject, for it is important."(Ibid., will take hold of the members of the

in this life in person or by proxy be- p. 337.) Church, in the name of the Lord Jesus

cause he was not here to do it for him- "We have a work to do just as imChrist. Amen.

thankful that I have come to appreciate through to the end of my days in servAmong other things, I am thankful and understand in a measure the reice, for I have covenanted with God and that my wife is able to be here at this deeming work of Jesus Christ, and that my fellows who surround me that I shall service, a manifestation of the power through my service I have developed a strive to serve in this capacity and do that there is in the priesthood when it faith which I hope may carry me it well. is united with faith in prayer. I think

JUNE 1959 431 humble and prayerful, but faith in the present office since I became a member teachings of the Church of Jesus Christ of the First Council of the Seventy. My

of Latterday Saints, that Christ saw memory goes back farther than that to fit to bring about a restoration of his the time when Brother Junius F. Wells

Church in the earth in the days of came into southern Utah to organize the Prophet Joseph Smith, the organizathe Young Men's Mutual Improvement tion of which was perfected by the Association, and in that time, which is

Prophet Joseph Smith and faith in the now nearly seventy years since I was priesthood which was restored by heav- a baptized member of the Church, I enly beings. There sits before me today have known, and have had more or

a body of men I think almost all of less intimate association with most of whom hold the Melchizedek Priesthood the General Authorities of the Church.

and responsible office therein. I want to bear you my testimony,

If we can develop the faith that is brethren and sisters, that over that necessary for the proper accomplishperiod of years there has grown in my ment of our responsibilities and the heart a faith not only in the plans of faith is a most essential thing to us as realization of the covenants which we God, of which we have heard somemembers of the Church of Jesus Christ have made, it will be a wonderful thing. thing this morning, but also in this orof Latterday Saints—faith not only in As I stand before you today, there is ganization which we call the Church

ourselves and in our ability to do the only one of the General Authorities who of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, and things that we have to do, if we are face you who has not moved into his in the officials who have stood at its

"... IF YE BELIEVE NOT notis ourourbeliefsbeliefandthatfaiththerein Jesusis a God,Christbut thatNow,thereof iscourse,a Godwewhobelieveis thewithCreatorhim

stateof His ruler the universe. peculiar his and rather our concept aboutTHAT I AM HE, YE SHALL to bring purpose is identity, God's that relationment nature and our andDIE IN YOUR SINS"ship to him. It is when we descend men "closer to the perfect ideal which

to particulars that the differences show is Christ"is, when interpreted in the belief in Jesus, in light of harmony of fact, our that it seems matter a AsMarion G. Romney up. "... that declaration is Lord's the with belief in of existence the a God

of the Council of the Twelve almost universal. Thinking people this is my work and my glory—to bring

everywhere, particularly scientists, are to pass the immortality and eternal life accepting the hypothesis that there is a of man."(Moses 1:39.) However, we

Brethren and sisters: I ask you to join God who created and is now controlling do not see eye to eye with him as to

your faith and prayers with mine, that the universe. The materialistic concept the nature of that perfection, nor as

what I say will be in harmony with which denies God altogether is being to the process by which it may be atwhat has already been said. What I replaced with the theory set forth by tained. Our differences on these matters

have been thinking about is, I believe the late French scientist, Dr. Pierre arise from our incompatible beliefs

in harmony with President Clark's great Lecomte du Nouy, in his great book, about the nature and the identity of message. I pray that I may have the Human Destiny. His thesis is that God and Jesus, and our relationship

Spirit of the Lord as I speak. there is "an idea, a transcendent will, to them. A comparison of these beliefs

To suggest what I have in mind to a supreme intelligence,"an "antiwill point up the differences. As to his

say, I quote these words which Jesus chance"sustaining the universe. This beliefs, we will let him speak for himspake to the unbelieving Jews: "... if supreme intelligence he calls God. self. First, as to God:

ye believe not that I am he, ye shall Aroused by what he terms "the uni- "Any effort to visualize God,"he die in your sins."(John 8:24.) versal demoralization"and loss of faith says, "reveals a surprising childishness.

I should like to direct my remarks which has resulted from "paralyzing We can no more conceive Him than we particularly to this great group of skepticism and destructive materialism,"can conceive an electron."And again,

singers here in the choir from Brigham he examines "critically the scientific "... the idea of God is a pure idea,

Youngdents—studentsUniversity,whoand toareall challengedother stucapitalrives "therefromaccumulatedlogicalby man":and andrationaldelikedoes thenot ideaneed ofto force,be visualized:or of energy,nor canandit

by the wonders of the universe, and consequences"which to him and many be...."And finally: "When we were

who want to learn more about them, other eminent scientists "lead inevitably led to call on an external action so as and at the same time prove faithful to the idea of God."The existence of to account for the birth of life and the

and true to the faith of their parents. such a Being is, he concludes, a scientific development of evolution, we admitted

Such a student returning from a celefact. It is his hope that the acceptance that the only possible, logical interbrated eastern university recently said of his thesis will supply men with a pretation coincided with that which

in substance: "Some of my fellow stubasis, and give them a motive which recognized the existence of God. And

dents are apparently as well off as we will sustain faith in God and in the... we were driven, in order to explainare. They seemingly observe our high destiny of man—a faith which the universe and evolution, to accept

to chastity, tostandards respect will struggling reach the with keep men Word lofty spiritualof speech, exemplified clean plane and moral have Wisdom, and by notthe toidea.define... theHowever,attributeswe ofwerethiscarefulforce,

ideals. to they underJesus. do which must we have be made What "Men

do not have? If there is a difference stand,"he says, "that the important which evidently corresponds to the adbetween us just what is it?"thing is to develop what is within mitted idea of God. We, therefore,

A little reflection, I believe, will sugthem, to purify themselves, to better used the consecrated name, but avoided gest a number of differences, but the themselves, to come closer to the peras much as possible any anthropoone I wish to emphasize this morning fect ideal which is Christ."morphic idea."

432 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA head over that period of time. I trust people, which I believe represents an fear I will not be able to prove faithful

that that faith may never waver. inspiration from the Spirit of God, our to the end."I grant you that it is

Now in addition to this type of faith Heavenly Father. In my association possible for people in their dotage to

which we must have in the organizawith them that has always been manimake serious mistakes, and my hope tion, we must develop a loyalty to it. fest. is that the faith which I have today

And what would that mean? It would Now, brethren and sisters, if we are never wanes, and that I may always

mean that we would recognize the oblito be loyal to these promises which we be worthy to serve you to the best of gation that comes upon us in the covehave made, and to this organization, my ability. The position I occupy came

nant of baptism and in the covenant, which we teach the world is a resunsought to me, and over these years implied or actual, when we receive the toration of the Church of Jesus Christ, I have tried to get the Spirit of God to

Melchizedek Priesthood. If we are to with all the keys which ever existed help me in my ministry.

be loyal to those things, brethren and in any previous dispensation, restored May I prove loyal to these, my Brethsisters, we will live worthy of them. We to us, then we must live absolutely true ren. May you prove loyal to them.

will sustain the work. I grant you that to the covenants which we have made May you prove loyal to the organization.

we who stand as your servants are so as to teach by word of mouth and May you be able to accept without unhuman, as you are, and there may be by example the power that is inherent due criticism and faultfinding the procertain things which may not always in the priesthood of God, united with gram—an inspired program—which is

meet the approval of other people, but a pure faith in his work. for the benefit and upbuilding of the

out of the efforts of these Brethren who My wife's grandfather, who lived into people, is the humble prayer I offer, stand at the head of the Church, there his eighties, was always worried, and and I do it in the name of Jesus Christ, has come only a desire to serve the said, "Antoine, I am just worried for our Redeemer. Amen.

Now of course this is not our concept that the good life which he projected "He marked the path and led the way, of God. But I think we should respect may be attained by accepting and apAnd ev'ry point defines,

this scientist's desire to establish a plying his socalled "ethical and moral To light and life and endless day, scientific basis for faith in God. He did teachings"such as those expressed in Where God's full presence shines."

the best he could with the light under the Sermon on the Mount, while at the (Eliza R. Snow)

which he worked. We will not be dissame time denying his divinity and

turbed nor disappointed by his conridiculing the fundamental doctrines of Now to come directly to the point of clusion if we keep in mind the fact his gospel. Here is a quotation from these remarks, let us consider the fruits

that the truth about Deity does not lie one of the most ardent proponents of of believing Jesus to be what he claimed within the range of scientific research this theory. to be—the literal Son of God in the

nor philosophical interpretation, but "What was Jesus'ancestry? Was He spirit and in the flesh; the revelation of

rather in the field of direct revelation. a descendant of Joseph and Mary, or God to man, the Redeemer, our advohis to of concept Jesus he As Father. the a decate says: of with and was Mary? What does such He God

"... let forget perfect that the us not for of one? scendant do a belief Mary. and was Joseph He

man is not a myth; he has existed, in the most perfect human being who Speaking generally, it becomes the

person of Jesus,"the he says "can who lived, ever of not the but Son He was life. Specificalforce in one's motivating

is, [that or likenedbe assimilated,"further, in "belief, God."And... to render obedience ly, it induces one

intermediary the "to one ofcompared] to the the Virgin atonement, Mary, initiatory principles ordinances trinthe and... forms, million perhaps years in a ity, etc., will to not help make a better is, to gospel of of the Jesus Christ. That

advance of evolution."world, but belief in the fundamentals have faith in Jesus, to repent, to be

are to familiar they Because most social of of the Jesus'democracy and remisfor the baptized by immersion detail in here I shall not review ourus in the the values on Sermon named of the gift sion of sins, and to receive beliefs about Jesus. President Clark set Mount will."(The Good Society, by the Holy Ghost by the laying on of

clarity this forth withthem much Willis, p. 58.) to obedience hands. Wholehearted

tomorning. submit I do But you that princithese all history, purifying and sanctifying that I submit to you Now

ofthese postulated concepts and God life afin the state ordinances of present works the ples and world including

Jesus omit every essential aspect of the fairs, testifies that the fruits of the teachof the true believer a farreaching mirdivine Redeemer whom we worship. ings of Jesus Christ cannot be had by acle. For one thing, it confers upon

preexistence, our rule out his andThey fallhis divine Sonship, the of Adam, jectingacceptingthe somerest, ofandhisdenyingteachings,his dire- himof God,membershipidentifyingin thehimliteralas a kingdomsheep of and Christ's atonement, Christ's and our vinity. Of all the world's ills, none is the true Shepherd.

past, his present,resurrection, future and tragic of denial the Jesus than more princithese to obedience Through high,role in courts the our on and Christ, of God, by so the Son many is introduced there ples and ordinances ineternal destiny progress the and to believe profess in him. people who life light a into one's which a new light, to come.world

his his to intelfruit of opens mind, conveys and the supreme Another I in beliefs that peculiar repeat our ". is to, set knowledge, pure ligence a goal understanding that theory God Christ, faith in comprising Jesusand

soul, shall greatly the. enlarge. prescribe for the "did not which but man, foregoing truths revealedthe other and

.. goal."(See 121:42.) an one that be Such which by may D&C differ greatly him,concerning from means"we

is left, into real in sense readmitted so attained. the theory a the This was of earth.other the people

direct line of for to discover of God. trial and presence The by man But does

is to error. antithesis from a doctrine is the communication him Such Godbeliefs menit accept?make anyRememberingdifference whichthat runs,

Jesus said a tree may be known by its of our knowledge that Jesus Christ prereopened. By this he is sustained in his

fruit, let us look at this question for scribed the exact course by which men belief in Jesus Christ with an assurjust a moment. One of the fruits of may come to the perfection he enance beyond the understanding of the

the foregoing conceptions of Jesus is joined. uninitiated.

JUNE 1959 433 This great source of pure knowledge, "For we cannot but speak the things wisdom, light, and intelligence is, of which we have seen and heard."(Acts

course, the Holy Ghost who the Savior 4:1920.) While one enjoys this gift,

said would lead men into all truth. his belief in Jesus Christ is secure.

To understand and appreciate this great Now, the third effect of complying gift it must be experienced. But I bear with these principles of the gospel is

you witness that it is real and will work forgiveness of sins. This is in itself a

a miracle in your understanding. You mighty miracle. Sin is wickedness and

will remember that without it Peter "... wickedness never was happiness."

denied Jesus on the night of his great (Alma 41:10.)

trial. Possessing it, Peter and John deMost of the suffering and distress

fied their captors, (although those capendured by people of this earth is the result of unremitted unrepented and tors to the to death put had power them truths universal spoke sin. Paul two

in sense a disposition the and had ".. said to. the the Romans, he when

"... this to so) declaration: do with is gift sin of of wages death; but the

whether it be right in the sight of God God is eternal life through Jesus Christ to hearken unto you more than unto our Lord."(Romans 6:23.) Just as

God, judge ye. suffering and sorrow attend sin, so

at home and abroad, full time and part pensating and worth while to look into time according to their calls, who are their handsome faces across a table and serving at their own expense in the inquire about their work, their thinking, missions of the world and in the stake and their faith, their living, and to ask

REPORT OF EUROPEAN missions.They answer the calls to serve without aboutreceive theiralmostparentswithoutat homeexceptionand theto

It that hesitancy. or are living matters assurance clean theyMISSION TOUR equivocation

well as lives, that they land or are doing not one whit country to which amElRay L. Christiansen orthoughclimeit theymightmayrequirebe theassigned,learningevenof bassadorsgospel of ofJesustruth,Christ,that theyas it knowhas beenthe

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve a new and difficult language; even restored, is true. Not only can you be

though it requires personal sacrifice for proud of them but they, too, are proud him or his family or both, he goes forth of you, their families at home, and have and figuratively loses his life for that deep concern about you.

I pray humbly, my brothers and period of time in the hope that he may One young missionary from Canada sisters, that what I shall say may be bring to others a newness of life and reported: "My greatest moment came

appropriate. I have been so uplifted hope and understanding—which may this morning. You see, my father is a

by that which has already been spoken lead to salvation. baptized member, but he is inactive.

from this pulpit this morning, that my Missionary service is not only a test He was not in favor of my coming on heart is filled with gratitude for the of faith but a real test of character. This this mission, but this morning I regoodness and blessings of the Lord, is seen in the remarks of a young misceived a Christmas card from him on

especially for the absolute testimony sionary who said: "In the Army I was which he wrote, 'I am proud of you,

that I have of his divinity. forced to obey orders, but in the mission my son, and I wish you success on your

Almost two thousand years ago he field I am given instructions and then mission.'This has been the best Christsaid, "If any man will come after me placed on my honor. This has been mas gift that my dad ever gave me."

let him deny himself and take up his to me one of the greatest tests in my In Denmark, one of these fine young cross, and follow me."(Matt. 16:24.) life—"men said, "When I received my call,

And again he said, "Let no man be afraid Although a few months have passed my grandfather was using tobacco.

to lay down his life for my sake; for since we visited your sons and daughters Then and there he said that he would

whoso layeth down his life for my in the ten missions of Norway, Sweden, quit, and he did. He never went to

sake shall find it again. Denmark, Finland, Netherlands, North Church much before I left, but now he

"And whoso is not willing to lay down Germany, West Germany, SwissAus- goes regularly. And, he has lately gone

his life for my sake is not my disciple."tria, France, and Great Britain, I wish to the temple. Now the greatest hope

(D&C 103:2728.) to fulfil a promise and bring the greetthat I have is that my dad will prepare

We can place ourselves in either cateings, not only of the missionaries, the himself to go to the temple with his gory we wish. mission presidents and their devoted family so that we can enjoy our family

In my opinion, one of the noblest wives, but also of many of the faithful association forever as we now do."He

expressions of unselfish devotion and a members in the fourteen countries that said, "If my mission does nothing more willingness to give of one's self is found comprise those missions. than to bring my family to a realization

in missionary work. We believe that In addition to our meetings with the that the gospel is the most important

every Latterday Saint who has the missionaries in report and testimony thing in their lives it will have been capacity to so do carries the obligation meetings, I had the privilege of interworth while."

to share with others the truth of the viewing practically all of the nearly It is true that parents live in their restored gospel. The depth of this betwelve hundred who are laboring in thoughts every day and almost every

lief is adequately demonstrated by the those various missions. It was an hour with their missionary sons and

more than ten thousand missionaries arduous undertaking, but it was comdaughters.

434 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA happiness and joy attend forgiveness of Jesus said, "... no unclean thing can only way to happiness, the only way to

sins. enter into his [God's] kingdom; there- a pure knowledge of God our Eternal

Alma said of his suffering for sin, fore, nothing entereth into his rest save Father and his Son Jesus Christ, our "... there could be nothing so exquisite it be those who have washed their Redeemer. The following of this preand so bitter as were my pains,"and garments in my blood, because of their scription depends wholly upon one's

then, speaking of the joy which came faith, and the repentance of all their belief in Jesus Christ.

to him when, through repentance, he sins, and their faithfulness unto the I sincerely pray that should the queshad received forgiveness, he said, "Yea, end."(3 Nephi 27:19.) Then he added: tion arise as to, "What do we have

and again I say unto you,... that on "Now this is the commandment: Rewhich others do not have?"we will

the other hand, there can be nothing pent, all ye ends of the earth, and come remember and try to understand the so exquisite and sweet as was my joy."unto me [that is, believe on me] and eternal truths implied in Jesus'state-

(Alma 36:21.) be baptized in my name, that ye may ment to the unbelieving Jews, "... if

Forgiveness of sins is prerequisite to be sanctified by the reception of the ye believe not that I am he, ye shall die a full fellowship in the Church of Holy Ghost, that ye may stand spotless in your sins."(John 8:24.)

Jesus Christ. It is a prerequisite to enbefore me at the last day."(3 Nephi God grant that each of us may escape

joying the gift of the Holy Ghost. As27:20.) such a death by believing with Peter

a matter of fact every blessing of the In this statement Jesus Christ gave the that Jesus is "the Christ, the Son of the gospel of Jesus Christ is predicated upon only prescription there is for obtaining Living God,"I humbly pray in his receiving forgiveness of sins; for, as forgiveness of sins, and, therefore, the name. Amen.

One young man from Springville carrying out their heavy assignments of presenting the gospel and increased said, "Every time my mother tells anywith complete devotion. I pay my effectiveness of the missionaries, but

one that she has a son in the mission tribute to their unselfish and efficient also where new buildings of our own field, she can hardly keep from crying service. design have been erected it is not diffibecause she is so proud of me. She feels In these ten missions there are nearly cult to see that the respect and the

that I am filling a mission for two. You fortyfive thousand members of the interest of the people, beyond that of

see, when my father received his call, Church. I could see that the gospel curiosity, has increased and a wider

he was financially unable to go. I am is a compelling instrument in transinterest is manifested by many fine peodetermined to give this mission the best forming the lives of those who accept ple.

I have, both for him and for myself."it and who live it. Where public meetings were held in

Working hand in hand with the misOne convert, a teacher in a university, our own buildings the attendance of sionaries from the stakes of Zion there put it this way: "It is like coming out friends and investigators was far beare in each of these ten missions a of the darkness into the light. It is so yond our expectations. Fifteen buildsurprising number of local, fulltime consistent with reason, and it gives unings were dedicated in these missions

missionaries as well as parttime misderstanding and assurance which all on this tour.

sionaries. The devotion of these young men need."I found that in place of mere tolermen and young women as well as their The faith of many is something to ance there is an everincreasing desire

effectiveness are equal to that of our behold. In Heidelberg, Germany, a to recognize and to investigate, and I

missionaries from America. local district president stood before the am convinced that an epoch of growth

When we met in Berlin in our conpulpit with one arm gone, having lost and progress is immediately before us ference, which was attended by nearly it in the war. He formerly was a high in the various missions in Europe and

six hundred members of the Church, officer in the SS. Then, he carried out Scandinavia. In practically every city,

there were present a number from the the orders of the war lords for the except in one mission where the state east part of Berlin. Among them were destruction of men, but now having been has not recognized this Church as such,

twentyone missionaries who were laborconverted to the gospel, he stood before we were visited by polite, interested reing under Brother Berkhardt, a counthis group of Saints, humbly, carrying porters who gave very good and honest selor in the mission presidency. After out the wishes and the plans of the publicity. Twentysix reporters atthe general meeting we met with them Lord for the salvation of men. tended a news conference in the city of

their testimonies their Berlin for and stayed heard an hourand and and so, of in or living a year A convert

It feel to fifteen heartsreports. our touched asking pertinent minutes quesAustria, Hallein, selfsupporting is a who

spiritual faith, I their strength, tionstheir inand the about Church. was insists perpaying twenty on woman,

I gospel. said to of love thetheir that very them acceptable formed newspaper tithing. in to cent talked we When

articles that conclusion, thein press in the appeared the "Remember I said, her, a she have been "Why, for Saints are the praying following day.brethren and short of only the a member Church

you."time, and I have missed out on many The presence of the Swiss and the

One of them raised his hand and blessings. I feel that I can never repay London temples has had a very definite

stood up and said, "Brother Christianthe Lord for what I have received in and noticeable effect upon the people sen, tell the Saints and the brethren, finding the truth. Let me go forward in the areas surrounding them and far

that we are praying for them."I with this program."into the other lands as well. These

thought that was wonderful to think My brothers and sisters, I felt a surge temples bring to Europe not only a that they would be concerned about our of interest amongst the people in those newness to the landscape, but more wellbeing. missions. Respect for the Church and importantly, they bring also a newness

Directing the labors of these missioneven admiration on the part of the of thought and of purpose to the lives aries are the mission presidents who, people, generally, is evident. This has of thousands of people who know about

along with their capable wives, are come not only because of a better plan them and their purposes.

JUNE 1959 435 This newness of life's purpose is exvealed to me here today."People are

pressed in the words of a visitor to the still coming onto the grounds, feeling

London Temple prior to its dedication. the influence of those sacred edifices

After the nature of the work to be done and learning from the guides there the in the temple had been explained, memtrue purpose of life and of salvation.

bers of the group were asked if they I was instructed, by the First Presiwished to comment or ask questions. dency, to encourage the members to

One said, "I can say nothing. I'm overengage in genealogical research. I did

whelmed because of the beautiful and this to the best of my ability. I was

desirable principles that have been repleased to note the willing response

in place of the Lord, and they forgot holy and sacred, thereby setting an the Lord's day—the Sabbath day. They example to the world as a whole.

failed to meet together on the Sabbath The Sabbath day is indeed a day of day and thank the Lord for all of the rest and one wherein we express our blessings that he bestowed upon them, appreciation to the Lord for the many namely freedom and the right to hold blessings that we have and do receive.

the Promised Land. As the Israelites worshiped the golden

This event with reference to keeping calf, in many respects in various areas the Sabbath day holy by commandment the golden calf is again being worshiped from God took place 3,500 years ago. wherein nations and individuals are inTwo thousand years ago, the Christ terested in the matter of recreation, the

KEEP THE SABBATH taughtday holy,theforworldhe declared,to keep "Andthe Sabbathhe said earningent kindsof ofmoney,otherfarming,businessesand ondifferthe

DAY HOLY untoman, them,and notThemansabbathfor wasthe sabbath:"made for toSabbaththe mindday, andall willof whichof himis whocontrarygave

(Mark 2:27.) Conditions in the world us life, even our Father in heaven.

then as of today indicate that man is I am positively sure that after the orJoseph L. Wirthlin made for the Sabbath and not the Sabganization of the Church on April 6,

Presiding Bishop bath for man. Brethren and sisters, if 1830, the membership kept the Sabbath

people will give consideration of the day holy. Originally, they were in New

Sabbath as a holy day and remember York, Ohio, Missouri, and finally IlliGod who has given them life as their nois and were driven out of Nauvoo

Father and Jesus Christ, his Son, as by their enemies. The Prophet had

President McKay, my brethren and their older Brother, meeting together borne his testimony of the existence of sisters, I sincerely hope that I may have in priesthood meeting and Sacrament God the Father and his Son, Jesus the inspiration and guidance necessary meeting with the attitude of prayer, Christ, for he saw them and lost his to express to you one or two thoughts. they will be blessed, guided, and dilife for bearing this testimony; but an-

I have been thinking about the Israelrected by divine inspiration whereby other new prophet was selected, even ites when they were in Egypt and were they can bear testimony that God acBrigham Young, who led the memberslaves, but through the guidance and tually lives and that Christ is his Son. ship of the Church in making the long

direction of the Prophet Moses, it was Again, it was necessary for the Lord trip across the plains to the area of possible for them to become free and to make it clear to the people that the these mountains where the Church is leave Egypt and go to the Promised Sabbath day is his day, a holy day, for now located and where we, its memLand. The Lord gave them inspiration on August 7, 1831, one hundred and bership, have the privilege of dwelling.

through Moses and guided them which twentyseven years ago, an American The pioneers on Sunday recognized the built them up in the faith that God Prophet, Joseph Smith, received a reveladay of the Lord—the Sabbath. They

actually lived and that in the future, tion from the Lord, "And that thou thanked him for all the blessings that his Son, Jesus Christ, would appear mayest more fully keep thyself unspotted had been bestowed upon them. They

upon the earth. He gave them the Ten from the world, thou shalt go to the partook of the Sacrament and received

Commandments. I draw to your attenhouse of prayer and offer up thy sacrainspiration and divine guidance from

tion the eighth commandment. I shall ments upon my holy day; their leadership which included the

only read part of it. The Lord said, "For verily this is a day appointed prophet and members of the twelve.

"Remember the sabbath day, to keep it unto you to rest from your labors, and The pioneers not only accepted the holy. to pay thy devotions unto the Most Sabbath day as the Holy Day of the

"Six days shalt thou labour, and do High;..."(D&C 59:9-10.).Lord as they traveled over the plains,

all thy work: We of the Church of Jesus Christ of but also after arriving here and in

"But the seventh day is the sabbath of Latterday Saints accept this marvelous various areas they saw to it that the the Lord thy God:..."(Exodus 20:8- revelation, and we accept and look upon Sabbath day was a holy day wherein

10.) the Sabbath day of the Lord as the most they held Sacrament meeting and gave

As the Israelites traveled along, they sacred day of the week. As a people, consideration to the Holy Priesthood

forgot the Ten Commandments. They we have a great responsibility not only which they held. They looked upon

gathered together their gold and built living the gospel but also in constantly one another as brethren and sisters, sons the golden calf which they worshiped keeping the Sabbath day of the Lord and daughters of God, and Jesus Christ,

436 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and the certain interest that was maniof that which I have received in such I know that in due time of the Lord fested on the part of the Saints everyabundance. I am happy to bear my our testimonies will be vindicated, bewhere and to find that now in almost testimony. I know that Jesus is the cause in the words of another, "Truth

every district there is a genealogical Redeemer, the Savior of mankind. I like the sun permits itself to be oborganization set up with men and know that the gospel has been restored scured, but like the sun only for a

women who have considerable underaccording to the promise of the Lord time."

standing as to the procedures of genethrough his prophets and that Joseph May God bless us that we may be alogical research. Smith was the instrument in his hands; true and faithful, I pray, humbly, in

I am happy to return in service to that all Presidents of the Church were the name of Jesus Christ, the Lord.

the Church and to the Lord a little and are prophets, seers, and revelators. Amen.

his Son, as their older Brother. The of Latterday Saints. He paid his tithand joy in the Holy Ghost if we fail

pioneers have set us a great example ing and made contributions to the to keep the Sabbath day holy? With

with reference to keeping the Sabbath Church, and particularly to Brigham reference to the statement of the Aposday holy, and therein we have a great Young University, but in spite of his tle Paul, "For the kingdom of God is responsibility in so teaching the world wealth and greatness, he did not seek not meat and drink;..."he had in mind

the holiness of the Sabbath day by the the golden calf. He was one of those of keeping the Sabbath day unholy by

kind of example we set. We have many individuals who accepted the Sabbath participating in recreation and the openopportunities not only for ourselves but day as the day of the Lord. On the ing of businesses on the Sabbath day,

for others; for example, the great SunSabbath day, his mines were closed. all of which is contrary to the mind and

day School organization is available to His miners had the opportunity of rest will of our Father in heaven.

teach the gospel as it has been revealed and of attending their various meetHow inspiring it is to thank the Lord through Jesus Christ and the prophets ings. There was erected a mining camp in our homes, and not only in our

from the days of the Prophet Joseph which carried his name, Knightsville, homes, but to have the privilege of down to the present time. Brigham wherein he immediately saw to it that coming together on the Sabbath day in

Young declared upon one occasion, "In a chapel was erected, a ward was orSacrament meeting and expressing our some of our Wards and settlements the ganized, and at the head of this ward gratitude and thanks for the many administering of the Sacrament has been as bishop was John Roundy, the general blessings that we have and do receive introduced in the Sunday Schools. It is superintendent of all of these mines. from day to day.

very pleasing and gratifying to the spirit I knew him when I was a boy and I again draw to your attention the that I possess, for the parents to see that up until the time he passed away some statement of the Prophet Moses over their children attend Sunday school and few years ago. But the thought is 3,500 years ago when he said, "Rememreceive the proper instruction with rethis, that to Jesse Knight the Sabbath ber the sabbath day, to keep it holy.

gard to their faith. After the Sunday day was a holy day not only for himself Six days shalt thou labour, and do all

school 'is over, let the parents take the but also for all of those who were emthy work: But the seventh day is the

pains to bring their children to meetployed by him. Upon closing his mines sabbath of the Lord thy God:..."

ings."(Journal of Discourses, Vol. 19, on the Sabbath day there were other (Ex. 20:8-10.) And the statement of the

page 92.) He recognized the most imindividuals who owned mines in the Christ 2,000 years ago wherein he

portant meeting of the week—the Sacarea who complained, indicating that declared, "And he said unto them, The

rament meeting on the day of the Lord, closing the mines on Sunday would sabbath was made for man, and not the day when they should come together create difficulty for them, but, neverman for the sabbath:

and partake of the Sacrament and retheless, Brother Knight went ahead and "Therefore the Son of man is Lord member exactly what the Christ had closed his mines. In a short time, the also of the sabbath."(Mark 2:2728.)

done in dying for all men and making owners of these other mines soon folAnd the revelation to the Prophet it possible for us to have the gospel of lowed his example, and in this large Joseph, "And that thou mayest more the Lord Jesus Christ for our salvation, mining camp for several years all fully keep thyself unspotted from the our guidance and our direction. I pray miners had the privilege of attending world, thou shalt go to the house of

the day will come that all of these men their meetings and keeping the day of prayer and offer up thy sacraments of the Aaronic and Melchizedek Priestthe Lord holy which unfortunately has upon my holy day;

hood will attend Sunday morning priestsince changed wherein the holy day of "For verily this is a day appointed hood meeting, Sunday School, and the Lord is forgotten in many such unto you to rest from your labors, and particularly the Sacrament meeting. areas. to pay thy devotions unto the Most

There comes to my mind the history Once again, brethren and sisters, I High;"(D&C 59:9-10.)

of a wonderful man. I knew him at the bear testimony to you that if we will In conclusion, my brethren and sisage of twelve. His name was Jesse keep the Sabbath day holy, the Lord ters, I bear testimony to you if we will

Knight. As a boy I lived with my will bless us, guide us, inspire us, and follow and live the words of the Prophet

family in Eureka, Utah, until I arrived direct us in solving our many problems. Moses, of Jesus Christ the Son of God,

at the age of fourteen, and during my The Lord will never forget us if we do and the Prophet Joseph Smith, a divine boyhood days, I knew and came in connot forget him. The Apostle Paul said, prophet, in keeping the Sabbath day

tact with Jesse Knight. He opened up "For the kingdom of God is not meat holy, the Lord, in turn, will bless us,

five of the great mines in the Eureka and drink; but righteousness, and guide us, direct us, and inspire us,

area and became a very wealthy man, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost."which I pray will be the blessing of all

but with all of it, he was an active (Romans 14:17.) Do you suppose that of us, in the name of Jesus Christ.

member of the Church of Jesus Christ we can enjoy righteousness and peace Amen.

JUNE 1959 437 hear wherever you go. One little Mexiof them spoke and bore their witness of

can widow we met while touring the the joy they found in their labors, and mission, left with six little children, and of the happiness that comes to those asked to bear her testimony, thanked who accept the gospel, and of the the Lord that she had the gospel now miraculous manner in which the Lord to raise her children by. That was had led some of the missionaries to the

typical of many of the testimonies we homes of those who have been seeking heard. after truth.

Recently at a conference in Arizona, So I feel that the greatest desire of a prominent banker, who had just our hearts should be to share this mesjoined the Church, said, "This Church sage with all the world.

is not just a religion, it is a way of One of our noted commentators is relife."And when you find the joy and ported to have said that he was once

the happiness that come to people asked what message could be broadcast through accepting the gospel, it makes to the world that would be considered you feel as if we should put forth more important than any other, and every effort in our power to share our he said, after giving it consideration, to to that able decided all of our Father's chilhe broadcast beOURS—THE GREATEST messagedren. with to the that world a had man who

MESSAGE The Lord indicated when he gave the upon this earth and had died livedhad signs of his second coming, that this returned again with a message from

LeGrand Richards hegospelpreached,of the kingdom,the gospelthethatgospelhe thatleft God,could wouldbe broadcastbe the greatestto the world.message that

of the Council of the Twelve with his twelve, would be preached in That being true, the Latterday Saints all the world for a witness unto all nahave the greatest message. You have

tions, and then should the end come. heard the testimony borne this morning

I am very happy, brothers and sisters, It is not that we expect everybody that the Father and the Son appeared to have the privilege of attending this will accept the truth, because their to the boy, Joseph Smith. You listened

conference with you. I rejoice in my minds are blinded, but if they would, to President Clark tell of the doubt in

membership in the Church and in the it would greatly enrich their lives. I the hearts of even the followers and the

faith of the Latterday Saints, and the thought as I listened to these testiapostles of Jesus when the report came work that they are accomplishing for monies, that if I could have the desire to them from the women that he was good in the world. of my heart above all other things, it not in the tomb but that he was risen,

Last night we were told in our miswould be that all men everywhere, our and they thought it was an idle tale.

sionary conference meeting here, that Father's sons and daughters, might share When we talk today of God the Father during 1958 we had 33,330 convert with us the glorious truths of the reand his Son Jesus Christ coming back baptisms into the Church. Now that stored gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. to this earth and holy messengers visitrepresents a lot of work, and it represents I think I felt like Alma of old. After ing this earth in our day, the world

people who have left the teachings of hearing the testimonies of his brethren thinks that these are idle tales and yet their youth and joined this Church of their experiences in the mission field, they profess to believe in the Bible, because the Lord has given them a he made this statement: how the Lord appeared to the prophets

witness by the power of the Holy Spirit, "O that I were an angel, and could of old and the Bible bears witness that that this work is truly divine. have the wish of mine heart, that I he is the same yesterday, today, and

I returned a week ago from touring might go forth and speak with the trump forever without shadow of changing, the West SpanishAmerican Mission, of God, with a voice to shake the and how can they believe in that kind among our Spanishspeaking people. I earth, and cry repentance unto every of a God and then believe that the

was impressed as I listened to President people!"(Alma 29:1.) heavens are sealed so that he cannot

Christiansen here today tell of the testiOn Wednesday of this week, we spent talk to us today as he did in days of old.

monies he heard while touring the miseight and onehalf hours listening to I would like to say to those who are sions of Europe. Such testimonies you our mission presidents. Thirtyeight not members of the Church who might

Saturday Afternoon session, Christiansen said, "The Lord bless you."the car stopped I said to the driver,

April 4, 1959 I think I have never needed his blessing "Do you know where Brother John A.

more than I do at this moment, and I Widtsoe and his mother lived when pray for the good Spirit, and pray also their home was in this city?"He said,

ASPIRE NOT TO THE forI yourwas supportimpressedandveryyourmuchsympathy.with the Would"Of course.you likeEveryoneto see it?"knowsOf course,that.

of President remarks Fielding I would. JosephHONORS OF MEN

referred to the comprehenSmith. He He drove us down through the city,

siveness of Mormonism, how this gosand we finally stopped in front of a

Alma Sonne pel of the kingdom must be preached little white dwelling. Everything about

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve to every creature—all of God's children that place was immaculate. Even the—whether they be living or whether stones around the walks were painted

they be dead. A few years go I was white. I knocked at the door, and I

over in Norway and visited the little said to the woman who opened it,

My brethren and sisters, just as I town of Trondheim where a car took "May I go around to the back and see arose to step up here to the rostrum, us up to an elevated place just back of the premises in the rear?"She said,

my good friend and associate, Elder the Viking Monument in that city. As "Of course!"I walked around to the

438 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA be listening in over the air, or those to us, if we would read it, asking God and read verse after verse that had been who are here present today, that our the Eternal Father in sincerity, that the underlined by the missionaries, and witness is true. We know it is true, Lord would manifest the truth of it unto then he said something like this:

and someday, if you have listened to us by the power of the Holy Ghost.""Why cannot we fellowship a people

our testimonies and you do not go to She said, "I believed that promise, and who believe in such wonderful things the trouble to find out whether these I went into my bedroom and got down as I have been reading to you here totestimonies are true or not, you are on my knees and asked God the Eternal day?"And then he went on to say,

going to be held accountable; for our Father to let me know whether that "We have here a volume of scripture

message is to be preached in all the book was true or not, and I read it, and which has been in our midst a hundred world for a witness unto all nations. my whole soul was illumined, and I years, and we have not known anything

I have thought that it would not be knew that it was divine."about it."

necessary to study everything and read We had a man here as a tourist on I see that my time has gone. I love

all the scriptures if one really wanted Temple Square a few years ago, a the Book of Mormon. I know that no

to know if our message is true. There minister from Texas, and after returning honest soul searching after God can

is no other message like it in all the home he wrote a letter back saying study that book without knowing that world; no other people profess an openthat he had purchased a copy of the it is divine, that it was not written by

ing of the heavens and the visitation Book of Mormon. He said, "I have a Joseph Smith; and when it is evident

to this earth of holy messengers in our library of important books that cost me that it is what it purports to be, a day; for the most tangible evidence of over twelve thousand dollars, but I have volume of scripture that the Bible promthe truth of the story of the Prophet one book that is more valuable than ised should come forth in our day, then

Joseph Smith is the Book of Mormon. them all because it is the word of God all of the message of the Prophet Joseph

The Book of Mormon has been disand it is the Book of Mormon."Smith is true, then they will open their

tributed by millions of copies all over Just recently a letter came in to the hearts and their minds to the messages the world, and there are many, even headquarters of the Church from a of Moroni, John the Baptist, Peter, not members of the Church, who believe minister in the East. He said he bought James, and John, Moses, Elijah, Elias,

that the Book of Mormon is true. a copy of the Book of Mormon years the prophets who have visited this

Just read the testimony of the three ago from a Mormon elder who called earth in the restitution of all things witnesses in the front of every book, at his home. He said, "I put it in my spoken by the mouths of all the holy

where they testify that an angel of library. I never read it until recently, prophets since the world began, which

God came down from heaven, and he and now I have been reading it, and I Peter declared and promised would ocbrought and laid before their eyes, that have been quoting from it in my sercur in this world before the coming of they beheld and saw the plates and mons."Tn his letter he mentioned the Christ.

the engravings thereon, and the angel words of Alma and the words of Nephi The Book of Mormon was preserved declared unto them that they were transout of the Book of Mormon which he to be a witness that Jesus is the Christ, lated by the gift and the power of God. had used in the preparation of his serthe Eternal God, manifesting himself

Why cannot the world believe such mons. unto all nations.

a testimony as that? And then there Why cannot the world believe? Why In 1934 a questionnaire was sent out

is the testimony of the eight witnesses cannot they accept it? Some of you to five hundred Protestant ministers

to whom the Prophet was privileged remember a few years ago how Brother by the Northwestern University, and to show the plates. Then there is the Nicholas G. Smith told us of being inout of 500, 130 of them denied the

testimony that comes from those who vited by the dean of religion at the Deity of Jesus. When the blind lead

accept the gospel. University of Southern California in the blind, Jesus said "... both shall fall

I attended a conference recently California to lend him a copy of into the ditch."(Matt. 15:14.)

where a young woman, a convert, the the Book of Mormon. He gave him We invite all men everywhere to

mother of two little children, was asked a copy used by the missionaries that make an investigation, and we promise to bear her testimony. She said somehad passages underlined in red ink, or them as servants of the Living God that

thing like this: a lead pencil, and that minister invited they can know that this work is divine

"When the elders came into my home, Brother Smith and the missionaries to and that is my testimony to you, and I they read me the promise in the Book attend his next meeting in his own give it Jo you in the name of the Lord of Mormon that when that book came parish, and he stood before his people Jesus Christ, our Redeemer. Amen.

back and as I stood there I saw some the other side I will surely find Karl, phase of the restored gospel.

lettering on the fence. I walked nearer and I will preach the gospel to him I jotted down here in just a moment,

so I could better see the lettering, and until he is ready to receive it."two or three passages of scripture. One

I deciphered the name, Karl Vidtsoe. Do you see the beauty of the restored reads like this: "But seek ye first the

I wrote the name in my book, and gospel? Do you see the anxiety of kingdom of God, and his righteousness;

when I came back to Salt Lake City I Brother Widtsoe to proclaim the gospel and all [else] shall be added unto you."

immediately went up to see Brother truths to his relative? It occurs to me (See Matt. 6:33.) Here is another one

Widtsoe. I said to him, "Brother Widtas I stand here that our work is probably which has come to us through modern

soe, who is Karl Vidtsoe?"He said, never done. We will commence on the revelation. "... Many are called, but

"Oh, that is Uncle Karl. Uncle Karl morrow, or whenever we pass on, just few are chosen. And why are they not

was a good man, but he never could see where we left off today. We will search chosen?

the beauty and the strength of the refor our relatives and our friends until "Because their hearts are set so much stored gospel. But Sister Widtsoe and we will find them, and we will preach upon the things of this world, and aspire

I have been over there,"he pointed to to them the selfsame gospel which we to the honors of men,..."(D&C 121:34the temple, "and we have done the are teaching the world today, both at 35.) Have you seen men depart from

work for Karl,—all we can do for him home and abroad. It is glorious, breththe faith because their hearts are cenin this life, but when we get over on ren and sisters, to contemplate this tered in the things of this world? And

JUNE 1959 439 because they aspire to the honors of nowhere without money, so he betrayed men? his Lord for thirty pieces of silver. The

Another statement made by the sequence to that is that Judas hanged

Savior: "How hardly shall they that himself. I know a man who gave up his

have riches enter into the kingdom of responsibilities in the Church in order

God?"(Mark 10:23.) I do not know to make money. As a result he is

exactly what the Lord meant when he wealthy, and has become a power in said that, but I do believe that we have the business world, but I now observe no right as members of the Church to that he has lost his family and destroyed put our first thoughts to the accumulahis chances and his opportunities for tion of worldly things, and I believe he a place in God's kingdom. That is

expects us, as stated in that verse I first tragic, my brethren and sisters.

read, to seek first his kingdom. I know another man who gave up his

He said to the rich young ruler: "If position in a large business concern

thou wilt be perfect, go sell all thou rather than give* up his calling as a hast, and give to the poor, and take up bishop. I loved that man. He died a

thy cross and follow me."(See Matt. year ago, but he left his widow enough

19:21.) The rich young ruler could for her care while she lives, and I have

not comply because he had many posobserved that his sons are recognized sessions, and as a result he went away leaders in the business world. The

sorrowing. Lord blesses devotion and faithful perJudas Iscariot thought he could get formance.

The work is progressing and accelerthe Redeemer, the Savior. He always

ating in speed. It took twentyfour spoke of "Jesus."He quoted two or

years to get the first thousand ""converts three scriptures which mentioned Jesus

.!"for the second thousand, a year and carpenter's son, but never in his writing"WHOM SAY YE.. in Argentina. It took only eight years of Nazareth as being more than the

seven months for the third thousand, did he ever give any other title to the they expect from to get a Christ on now who shed his precious bloodSpencer W. Kimball and

. thousand year. plus each other for him. The

of the Council of the Twelve countries, likewise, are inspiring, and I asked four hundred missionaries, it was a joyous experience. In most of "What think ye of Christ and the claims

the many branch chapels there hangs that are made?"And I heard four

Beloved brethren and sisters, it is a the picture of the prophet of the Lord hundred inspiring testimonies from joy to be back in this part of Zion. his counselors, As with prayers and the testimonies, ringing with of youth—sure

the other brethren their have the Saints mentioned for are constantly conviction. them.

tours in foreign lands, my very recent We were received well by the coun- I am reminded of what Paul said:

memories were stirred. I bring to you tries, by their officials, and by the "And I, brethren, when I came to you,

also the greetings of the thousands of press. I was interested in a comment came not with excellency of speech or

members of the Church of all nationmade by a representative of one of the of wisdom, declaring unto you the testialities in South America. largest papers in Brazil. She had heard mony of God.

Last Saturday and Sunday I was in my sermon the day before, on Sunday, "For I determined not to know anyPeru with various gatherings of Saints. in which I had spoken rather strongly thing among you, save Jesus Christ,

I have enjoyed greatly the touring of about the restoration of the gospel. and him crucified."(I Cor. 2:1-2.)

the missions in those countries. They She said to me, "Why was Joseph I could not see how we could really

are like giants just yawning and stretchSmith persecuted and martyred?"I celebrate an Easter without discussing

ing and ready to go to work. There replied, "Well, very much for the same the Lord Jesus Christ. Why even the

are great agricultural empires, mines, reason that the Christ was crucified."devils know that Jesus is the Christ. On

cattle and industries, and a great people And she asked, "Why was that?"I anone occasion the devils came crying out

made up of immigrants from all over swered: "Because he said, 'I am the and saying, "... Thou art Christ, the

the world, particularly Europe, and Son of God.'"And her next remark Son of God. And he rebuking them

much influenced by European immigrashocked me: "He should not have said suffered them not to speak: for they

tion and culture. They are a great it, should he? He really was not, was knew that he was the Christ."(Luke

people. he?"4:41.) On another occasion "... the

It was inspiring to me to note the I thought she was joking. I looked evil spirit answered and said, Jesus I

thousands of Italians in the Church and into her eyes for a moment and thought know, and Paul I know; but who are

the thousands of members with Spanshe was going to smile. But she did ye?"(Acts 19:15.) And another time,

ish and Portuguese backgrounds and not. And I said firmly: "He said he "... they cried out saying, What have

from these places where we have not was the Son of God because he was the we to do with thee, Jesus, thou Son of yet established regular missions. But Son of God."God, art thou come hither to torment

our work is telling and the leaven is Last Sunday I read the Easter paper us before the time?"(Matt. 8:29.)

leavening the lump. There are four of one of the largest cities in South As was suggested this morning, I

hundred missionaries in those six America. The author was a minister believe that there was a considerable

countries in which we are proselyting with letters after his name. I read the conviction in the heart of Pilate, who

in South America, your sons and entire article and in the half a page was constrained by his conscience to let daughters of whom you can well be given front page notice, he never menthe Savior go free, but because of proud. tioned the Lord of heaven and earth, political ambitions and other reasons,

440 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I have been reading just recently the ent have made great contributions to justment, yet I am sure that this good life of Dr. Karl G. Maeser. Brother the Church. I know men who have and great man did not complain nor

Maeser was a remarkable man. Somelaid upon the altar every worldly poscompromise. He did not permit diffiwhere in the book it tells about a group session they had for the gospel's sake. culties to obscure his vision of the

of missionaries who had met together They have gone into strange lands, truth. Brother Maeser had heard the

in Meissen, Germany, the birthplace of sometimes far away from home and voice of the Shepherd. That voice

Dr. Maeser. One of the missionaries friends, to teach the gospel of the kingbrought conviction to his soul. That

made this remark: "Think what Dr. dom, and to explain God's revealed conviction transformed his entire life,

Maeser has done for the Church."Anplan of salvation to others. Dr. Maeser, but whatever happened, confusion and

other responded promptly: "Think what as I have read, was reared in an enuncertainty disappeared, and he stood

the Church has done for Dr. Maeser."vironment of culture and refinement. for the first time on the solid foundaThat remark offers a real suggestion. He associated with the elite in Germany. tion of faith in the True and Living

Have you ever stopped to think what He had access to libraries. He was God.

the Church has done for you individualfamiliar with the best books of his day. Brethren and sisters, may we apprely? How it has enriched your life? His education was broad and varied, ciate our membership in this great

How it has given you courage and and included the study of music and Church. May we have the courage and

strength to go forward in your daily art and several languages. God in his the strength to devote ourselves unpursuits, and how it has brought you own way had prepared Dr. Maeser for selfishly for the promotion of God's

comfort in times of sorrow and dishis mission in the Church among the work among his children. That is our

tress? It is wonderful to belong to the Latterday 'Saints. responsibility. It is our obligation, and

Church. I can well imagine that it was diffimay we not fail therein, I pray in the

Many of our leaders, past and prescult for Dr. Maeser to make the adname of Jesus Christ. Amen.

in spite of his wife's importuning, he that I had seen a vision, yet it was true; tion to the numerous testimonies of him.

delivered him to be crucified. But even and while they were persecuting me, He said to his Father in that glorious

after that, he wrote on the cross in reviling me, and speaking all manner of prayer: "Father, glorify thy name.

three languages, Hebrew, Greek, and evil against me falsely for so saying, I Then came a voice from heaven, saying,

Latin, this famous statement: "... Jesus was led to say in my heart: Why perse- I have both glorified it, and will

of Nazareth the King of the Jews."The cute me for telling the truth? I have glorify it again."(John 12:28.)

Jews offended came and said, actually seen a vision; and who am I There is a very interesting distinction

"... Write not, The King of the Jews that I can withstand God, or why does between the introduction. of our Father

but that he said I am King of the Jews. the world think to make me deny in heaven of his Son on the waters

"Pilate answered, What I have writwhat I have actually seen? For I had of Jordan, the one on the Mount of

ten, I have written."(See John 19:19seen a vision; I knew it, and I knew that Transfiguration, and a little later in

22.) God knew it, and I could not deny it, the Nephite country. He said to John

I think there was more than casualneither dared I do it; at least I knew at Jordan, and those others who may

ness in Herod's taking the lives of that by so doing I would offend have heard it, perhaps those who benumerous little boys. I think he really God, and come under condemnation."came the apostles of the Lord, "... This

believed that this could be and might (Joseph Smith 2:25.) is my beloved Son, in whom I am well

be the promised and prophesied ReAlmost every time a man of the press pleased."(Matt. 3:17.) He said on the

deemer who might take his kingdom approached me in South America, his Mount of Transfiguration, as reported from him. first question was: "What are you doing by Peter, "... This is my beloved Son,

You have read of Nathanael, the man and what is your objective in South in whom I am well pleased; hear ye

without guile, who said, as he saw the America?"And I said to him: "Do him."(Ibid., 17:5.) To the Nephites,

the Christ: "... Rabbi, thou art the you remember in the Acts of the Aposafter some transcendently glorious

Son of God; thou art the King of tles, of the travels of Paul, where he things had happened, he said a little

Israel."(Ibid., 1:49.) went into Asia Minor, to Greece, and more. Introducing his Son, Jesus Christ,

Paul had hardly made his transformato Rome, and possibly even farther his words were: "Behold my Beloved

tion, he had just barely received back west? That is what we are doing. One Son, in whom I am well pleased, in

his sight from his unusual experience of my colleagues is just returning from whom I have glorified my name—hear

and he went straightway into the synathe South Seas; another has just reye him."(3 Nephi 11:7.)

gogues and preached Christ, "that he turned from South Africa, another from There had been a glorification prois the Son of God."Europe. We are doing what the Lord gram since, there had been a death, a

Why will the divines of the day pursaid, '... Go ye into all the world, resurrection, an ascension, and now he

posely avoid the names of the Deity and preach the gospel to every creature. had returned to the earth again.

whom they would choose to call only "'He that believeth and is baptized As he went into the clouds and was

Jesus. There are tens of thousands of shall be saved; but he that believeth not received and absorbed by them after

Jesuses in the world. In all the Spanshall be damned.'"(Mark 16:1516.) his forty days upon the earth, there

ishspeaking countries you find them on "And you mean to say that you are were many standing looking up into every hand. They call it Jesus (Hasus), doing the work that Paul did?"heaven, and the angels stood by and

but it is Jesus. But there was only one And then I said, "No. / never could said, "... Ye men of Galilee, why stand

Jesus who became the Prince of light, do the work of a Paul, but I am covering ye gazing up into heaven? this same

the Author of our salvation. the world with my brethren as did Jesus, which is taken up from you into

Joseph Smith said: "... I had actually Paul and Peter, only that Paul covered heaven, shall so come in like manner as

seen a light, and in the midst of that a small part of the earth. Today we are ye have seen him go into heaven."

light I saw two Personages, and they going to the ends of the earth and this (Acts 1:11.)

did in reality speak to me; and though is one of the four corners."After his appearance to the Nephites,

I was hated and persecuted for saying The Lord testified of himself in addiit was a long time before he returned.

JUNE 1959 441 He could not well return to a people already delegated this particular work who did not believe in him. He needed to a Glorified Son, and he said again to

somebody who had a great, consuming a young boy, "... This is my Beloved

faith, who would receive him as Jesus Son. Hear Him!"(Joseph Smith 2:17.)

Christ, Redeemer, Savior, Son of God. You remember what Peter said when

That happened in a grove in New York the disciples were asked, "... Whom do

State in the early part of the nineteenth men say that I, the Son of man, am?"

century, and the same words were said They spoke up and said men thought again by a Loving Father, who had him to be Elias or one of the other

for their purpose; they may retard, but were divinely appointed servants, and

cannot prevent our misfortunes. We they wrote the holy scriptures and inTHE MIGHTIEST WORK stand in need of some moVe durable spired the peoples of the ancient world

OF ALL plan,our hostilitieswhich willandforeverunite usputbytothean lastend toRedeemerbelieve ofin theGodworld.and to Theyhope hadfor thethe

ing ties of mutual affection and fidelity."highest possible knowledge of moral

Levi Edgar Young Quoting the words of Herbert L. and religious laws.

President of the First Council of the Willett, How one loves to read the Ten ComSeventy "The divisions of Christendom today mandments, one of the greatest lessons are its most conspicuous reproach, and of the Bible. They were given to Moses,

its chief cause of inefficiency. They the prophet, hundreds of years before

President McKay, President Richards, present a moral *affront to the enterprise the birth of the Savior.

President Clark: inaugurated by Jesus Christ, and constiThen we have such words from the

tute the outstanding limitation of its Jewish Talmud which were written soon

I am happy to say something to my progress. The divided state of the after the Ten Commandments. Let

brethren and sisters on this occasion Church is an affront to Christianity. me quote to you a few sentences which

and I sincerely pray for their faith and We wonder if Christianity can survive; show the dignity of the teachings of

prayers. We are all interested in the we wonder if the Christian groups can ancient Jewish writings.

Christian world today. I have the honor fight the evils of the social order of our "The name of the Lord shall be

of being a member of the American times."loved through thy treatment of thy

Christian Palestine Committee with the Only the true Church can furnish the fellow man.

of EpisBishop the toReverend Moulton the power and program emermeet will as God's "Do thy own will, subcopal for the to work Church redemption gencies that today. the confront w7orld will to will. his thy

its restoration.of Palestine, is and few Bible not the only masmit A The Holy

weeks ago we were asked to write about terpiece of the world's literature, but "Be not like servants who serve their the Constitution of the United States it is also the most majestic exposition master for the sake of reward.

and what it means as a civic document. of religion ever given to man. It con- "Thy neighbor's honor must be as

To us all, the Constitution of the United tains the writings of the inspired prophdear to thee as thy own.

States is a very sacred document, and ets of God, and embodies the principles "Keep aloof from grumbling.

it never has of been equaled in the history of Lord. Christ the gospel our Jesus "Do not hate the one who reproves

of the world. us great the It enlightens themes on of thee.

to I wish read written scripture, religion: a paragraph salvarevealed man,

"If humble yourself, the Lord you oratorages faith, tion, ago prayer, by a famous Greek immortality. and

lift up. you Isocrates. in in earth; willwhose was name heaven and God reigns

"The age in which we live should be he is the rightful King of nations, and "Pass not judgment upon thy neighdistinguished by some glorious enterthe. Source of supreme good to men. In bor, until thou has put thyself in his

prise.... Let world leaders contrive his image was man created. Great place."

to put to an end our present troubles. prophets like Moses, Isaiah, Hosea, However highly we may estimate the

The treaties of peace are insufficient Jeremiah, Daniel, Ezekiel, and Micah truths we have today, it is for us to

My dear brethren and sisters, it is I am sure we are all interested in always an honor to greet you at a gensecurity, and would like to say to all are interested if we live closeONE HUNDRED eralbear conferenceyou my testimonyof the Churchof the divinityand to peoplein security,livingwethatshould great, of this latterday teachings evergrowing, of this of the land, God whoPERCENTERS to the "... I for said, work. is Jesus Christ, have read, heard, and he has and What

Carl W. Buehner observedconfrontingconcerningthis worldseriousin whichconditionswe thoughaway, mythewordheavensshall notand passthe away,earth.pass.."

of the Presiding Bishopric live makes me more appreciative than (D&C 1:38.) I think more people than

ever before of the testimony I have of ever before are turning their hearts to things eternal. religion for an answer to some of the

442 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA prophets, and then the Lord said again, looked: "... flesh and'hlood hath not man, woman, and child on this earth:

and I can imagine his piercing eyes, revealed it unto thee, but my Father "Whom do ye say that I the Son of wondering and expectant eyes, "... But which is in heaven."(See Matt. 16:13man am?"And I was gratified at the

whom say ye that I am?"And the 17.) In other words, man has not told hundreds of replies from your sons and

answer was one of the most stirring and you this, but my Father has revealed daughters, saying "Thou art the Christ, glorious of all statements made, "... it unto thee, a great revelation has the Son of the living God."

Thou art the Christ, the Son of the come unto thee, and ye know it. And that is my testimony to you, my

living God."And the next statement I asked four hundred missionaries brothers and sisters, in the name of

followed which must never he overthe Lord's question which faces every Jesus Christ. Amen.

understand the gospel. Rudolph Kittel appearing to him. Using the words of which he received from heaven, Joseph

of Leipzig University wrote some years the Psalmist, "Grace is poured into thy Smith established our true relationship ago: "Some one has got to rise to give lips, therefore, God hath blessed thee to God. Out of this grows the salvato the world the doctrines of Jesus forever more."With the Father was tion of man—his true immortal life.

Christ, our Savior, for the world is in Jesus the Savior. Joseph heard the The nations all bear witness to the need

need of them."This calls to my mind voice of God and the divine words: of a light that is not of man. We can

an experience that some of the actors "This is my Beloved Son."A new day give our word to the world that the

of the old Salt Lake Theatre had one was at hand. From that moment he forces which are to make the world the

evening. A noted American actor had was heart and mind for the word of world it ought to be are now within it.

just closed the play of Hamlet, and was the Lord. What a message for our Thousands, yea millions of people

about to leave to take the train for missionaries of today! are waiting to hear the voice of our

San Francisco. Standing in the doorHe learned that day that the diviFather in heaven. Millions are turning

way of the socalled "Green Room,"sions of Christendom are its most conto God, and we are in these days of

Mr. Clawson, the manager of the old spicuous reproach and the chief cause world turmoil experiencing a rising tide

playhouse asked him to say a few words. of its inefficiency. They present a moral of understanding and goodwill that is

Mr. Edwin Booth stopped for a minute affront to the enterprise inaugurated constantly ebbing and flowing among

or two, then said: "It is seldom I speak by Jesus Christ, and constitute the outus all. The fact that the movement

in public, but I would like to repeat standing limitation of its progress. has been reserved for our day fills us

on this occasion the most beautiful Christianity is weakened by its divisions with the deepening sense of our responwords ever uttered. Bowing his head in facing the problems of today, among sibility and duty to make sure that the

he said: which are class hatreds, race antagongolden opportunities it offers are not

isms, blindness to social justice, the lost.

"Our Father which art in heaven, lure of vicious literature, crimeinstigat-

Hallowed be thy name. ing narcotics, and the spread of military "It changes everything.

Thy kingdom come. spirit in the world. I can see the end of war in this, some

Thy will be done in earth, as it is in The supreme test of religion is reveladay.

heaven."tion. No religion can be persuasive I can see the joy of women and little

(See Matt. 6:9-10.) unless it relies on the principle of revelachildren—some day.

tion. The living Church of Jesus I can see the cities and great spaces of

With these words from the Lord's Christ must be revelatory. One readily land full of happiness.

Prayer, Booth turned and said "Goodsees that the very lifeblood of the I can see love shining in every face.

bye"to the few people and walked from Church is the principle and potency There shall be no more sin, no pain, no the theater to the sidewalk where he of redemption. Christianity in its pure loss, no death

took a carriage to the depot. sense is the religion of redeemed perOnly life, only God—some day when

The Prophet Joseph Smith has done sonality. While all true men reveal the world shall have learned."

the mightiest work of all: God, the complete carrier of revela-—Charles Rann Kennedy

We first see Joseph Smith in the tion can be no other than a chosen woods on the frontier of America praypersonality. I pray God to bless us all this day.

ing as a child might pray, and the Lord By the power of the Holy Priesthood Amen.

perplexing problems we face. a stake quarterly conference said: "I we measure them. I am sure we can-

I find great joy in my work in the am a very important person in my ward. not measure all of their activities, but

Church, and I hope it will always be my I hold the office of a priest. I am the many of them are making remarkable

desire to have the work of the Church only priest in my priests'quorum. In progress. This is even carrying over

come first. I like people who put "first our quorum, it is either onehundred to some of our bishops and some of our

things"first in the Church. percent or nothing."It did not take other leaders.

It is very encouraging to know that long for this young man to prove to I learned not long ago while attendprogress is being made all along the us that he was a hundred percenter. ing a Fathers'and Sons'banquet in the

line. I enjoy my experiences in the I admire the young men and young Summit Stake that one bishop in a

stakes with you people. women who are achieving to be hundred ward—and I guess he has been the

Recently, a young man speaking at percenters by the standards with which bishop a long time or else it is the conJUNE 1959 443 does not propose to me who can take he had twentyfive families in his disme to the temple, I will convert one trict. He underwent a serious operation;

who can. I have a desire to be married he had some other difficult problems,

the Lord's way, and I am going to inbut his perfect record was maintained sist that the man whom I marry is one in spite of these conditions. He is held

who can take me to the House of the in high esteem by the families in his

Lord."district.

I heard another little experience of I learned of two high priests who a man who had recently been asked to impressed me very much. One of them

supervise a district in ward teaching. is ninetytwo years of age and served

He said, "Bishop, I will accept on one as a ward teacher for seventy years.

basis, that we do onehundred percent The other at the age of ninetyfour had ward teaching, and when I am unable been a ward teacher for eightytwo to maintain onehundred percent, I years, having started when he was quit."I got a letter from his bishop twelve years of age. This good brother

the other day, who said, "For forty indicated that he had only missed visitmonths, he has had onehundred pering his district four or five times in this cent, and we see no reason why this eightytwo year period. In my humble

will not continue indefinitely."opinion, I think when men, who give

tinuous record of two bishops—said they There come to us many experiences this type of service to the responsibilihave not lost a boy to inactivity in their of devoted and dedicated ward teachers ties that come to them, report to the

ward for thirteen years. to the everexpanding ward teaching other side, someone is going to stand

In another stake I attended, I heard program. I learned of a pair of ward there with outstretched arms, welcom-

a bishop make a similar report, but teachers who travel 180 miles each ing them into the kingdom of our his was for six years, and still a third month to visit three families, and they Heavenly Father.

bishop in another stake said, "We always get the three families visited. The ward teaching program is one

haven't lost a boy in our ward for five In another stake—I think in Florida of the oldest programs in the Church,

years."Then I began hoping for the two ward teachers travel 160 miles each having come to the Prophet Joseph Smith

day when we could say to the whole month to visit the families in their by revelation sometime between the

Church, "We have not lost a boy or a district, and they are always doing onefirst and sixth day of April 1830, in girl in the Church this year, or for five hundred percent teaching. If I rememwhat is known as the twentieth secyears, or ten years."I think we are ber right, we had a report some time tion of the Doctrine and Covenants.

moving forward and accomplishing ago of two teachers in one of the The program is designed to reach the things that we have never accomplished Canadian stakes who traveled approxifireside of every family in the Church before. mately 4,000 miles a year to visit those with a spiritual message at least once

I was interested in hearing a young in their district, and they faithfully each month and more often if necesLatter-day Saint girl speak on the topic, visited every family each month. sary.

"When and How Does a Young Woman I learned of a faithful ward teacher Ward teachers carry a challenging reMake Preparation for Marriage in the up in the Ogden area who has just sponsibility, that is, to watch over the

Temple."As she developed her subcompleted fiftysix years as a ward Church. Residing within a ward teachject, she said: "I have come to one teacher with a perfect record of never ing district may be families and indiconclusion. There is a right way to missing one month in the fiftysix years'viduals whose activities represent a

get married, and there is a wrong way time that he has been a teacher, even commendable peak, while there may be to get married. If some young man though for the first ten years or more some totally indifferent to things spirTHE LATTERDAY aboutof men."to come(D&Cforth4:1.)among the children trinefrom theand LordCovenants,as containedalso thein thebookDocof

PROPHETS During this conference we have heard Moses in the Pearl of Great Price; about the prophets in the Old and New translated some writings of Abraham

Testaments. In the few moments which from one ancient record; wrote a 3200

John Longden are mine I should like to speak briefly page history of himself and the Church;

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve about the nine great men, modernday and was visited and given instructions prophets, who have been responsible and authority by the Savior, John the under the inspiration of the Almighty Baptist, Peter, James, and John, Moses, for directing this latterday marvelous Elias, and Elijah and then sealed his

From the inspiration of these two work. testimony to the truthfulness of all

meetings today and after listening to First, of course, there was Joseph these things with his life's blood, folthe reports of my brethren from the Smith, the prophet, the seer, the revelowing the pattern of the Savior himself.

four corners of the earth, along with my lator. Yes, he was given the keys of the Before Joseph Smith was murdered,

own deepseated testimony as to the kingdom in this, the Dispensation of he had told the Council of the Twelve divinity of this great latterday work, I the Fulness of Times. He received a on several occasions as reported by

should like to address my remarks to personal visit from God the Father and Brigham Young:

the subject of nine great latterday Jesus Christ, his Divine Son. Reflect "I have laid the foundation and you

prophets. upon his accomplishments in the thirtymust build thereon, for upon your

I reflect back 130 years last February nine years of his mortal life: organized shoulders the kingdom rests."(History

when the Lord spoke to Joseph Smith the Church of Jesus Christ in correct of the Church, VII: 230, August 7, 1844.)

saying, and lawful manner; translated the Book Upon the death of the Prophet Joseph

"Now, behold, a marvelous work is. of Mormon; received the revelations Smith, the keys of the kingdom and

444 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA itual. You may be interested to know city grew out my way, and my property the ward teachers suggested that the

that at the present time there are in became very valuable. I sold it, bought family kneel down and have prayer

excess of 139,000 men and boys serving more, and I have made a lot of money. with them before they left. This they

as ward teachers in the organized stakes In short, this is what has happened to did, and during the prayer, the ward of Zion. During the year 1958, me. teacher prayed that the Lord would

3,386,000 visits were made to the homes "I have recovered my health. I have protect this little girl who was about

of these families, and this represents become a member of your Church, first to become eight years of age, that notheighty percent of the families visited having been contacted by the ward ing harmful would happen to her but every month during the year, which is teachers, who had the stake missionthat she might be baptized a member the highest record we have achieved aries sent to me. I have made a lot of the Church.

in the Church. of money. Now I would like to show The following day, this man was

Ward teachers are expected to promy appreciation for the goodness of mowing hay in the field behind his mote the spirit of goodwill; be prepared the Lord to me by having you select home. A number of children were

to meet the criticism of those who find a number of young people who might playing in the yard, among whom was fault. They are always to defend the serve as missionaries, but who haven't his little daughter. While making one

Church, uphold its doctrine, and supthe finances to take care of their own of the rounds with his tractor, the port its leaders; to strengthen those expenses. You call them and send me wheel of the tractor went over a mound.

who are offended or weak in the faith; the bill."I thought that was a nice As he quickly looked around, he obto comfort those who mourn or have way to express his appreciation. served that his daughter was missing.

sorrow; to be among the first to offer I should like to close with another A sickening feeling overcame him. He

assistance in cases of emergency and experience I have heard related in which went to the mound, pushing aside the sickness; and to deliver a message of ward teachers entered a family's home hay, and deep below was his little

good cheer to the discouraged, the unwho were rather lukewarm, and even a daughter, who looking up said, "Daddy, fortunate, the aged, and the homebound. little bitter, when the ward teachers don't tell them where I am. I am hidTheir message should be gauged to meet came to pay a visit. ing from them."The prayer of the

the understanding of both the young In a brusk voice, the head of the ward teacher had been heard. The

and the old in each family. family said, "I am a very busy man. little girl's life had been preserved, and

If ward teachers faithfully perform You can have fifteen minutes to get needless to say, the family's reaction their duties, each family—and for that on with your message."This startled to the ward teachers was from this time

matter, each member who is willing the ward teachers, and because their forward, completely reversed.

will find themselves enfolded in the experience had not been too great, they May we all have a desire to fulfil arms of the Church. In some instances, paused and wondered just how to apour assignments faithfully and well, and

faithful ward teachers have been reproach the subject. They learned about if possible, be hundred percenters. I

sponsible for bringing people into the some of the children in the family, and cannot help but be reminded of the

Church. A member now residing in discovered among them, a little girl statement that the Savior made: "Be ye

Arizona made this report to the stake who was going to turn eight years of therefore perfect, even as your Father president in my presence. He said: age in just a few days. While they which is in heaven is perfect."(Matthew

"You do not know who I am. A few were talking to the children, the head 5:48.) To a great degree, we can acyears ago, I came here from the East, of the family said, "Five minutes are complish this onehundred percent

having been retired because of poor gone; you have ten minutes left."They perfection.

health, and I was told that if I came to inquired a little further into the fam- I leave you my testimony of the diArizona I may have an opportunity to ily, and after a few more minutes, the vinity of this great work, and my prolong my life. I had a little money, man reminded them again that they blessing, in the name of Jesus Christ.

and I invested in some real estate. The had five minutes left. In desperation, Amen.

mantle of authority were passed on to having built a great empire in the desAt the end of this journey, he asked the second great latterday prophet, ert. himself the question: "For what?"He

Brigham Young, the leader of modernHe was succeeded by John Taylor, answered his own question, "To teach day Israel. He was a great colonizer in a loyal devoted servant of the Lord, the gospel of Jesus Christ!"Wilford

the face of adversity, crossing the plains who was honest and industrious; loving had loved to mingle with the Prophet

under most difficult conditions but with liberty, truth, and righteous living Joseph Smith and had this to say of great and simple faith in God and his sweetspirited, kind to friend and stranhim:

Son Jesus Christ. Though persecuted ger alike, tolerant, he nevertheless set "There is not so great a man as

in this standing generation. as flint against face any form of Joseph The reviled,and he knew Joseph Smith was his

gentiles evil like him, or wrongdoing. of and he is (The Presidents look upon prophet.a true

gold, of the Preston Nibley, concealed 87.) page a bed from Church by human of of the hearing death Joseph Upon

title, view. his principles, appropriate the received not They know He of keys the declaredSmith, he "The Liberty."virtue, calling. of his his his wisdom, His "Champion

right are the here withKingdom is like Enoch's, as death, eterhis keys then expands were the mind Upon for that theChurch,"Brigham knew nity, leader, great to passed alone and another can Wilford comprehend God

Prophet had conferred upon the twelve Woodruff. Wilford, the faithful! This his soul."(The Presidents of the Church

"keys of the kingdom."How often title was earned because of "his integrity by Preston Nibley, pp. 138139.)

had Joseph said to the twelve, "I have and unbounded devotion to the worship One prophet speaking of another laid the foundation, and you must build and purposes of his God."While on a prophet of God! Wilford Woodruff

thereon, for upon your shoulders the mission in the Southern States in 1834, lived to be ninetyone.

kingdom rests."(Comprehensive History he and his companion walked sixty Lorenzo Snow then received the manof the Church, vol. 2, p. 415.) Brigham miles between sunrise and 10 o'clock at tle of authority. Though he was eightyYoung died at the age of seventysix night without a morsel of food to eat. four when called to this responsible

JUNE 1959 445 known all the other prophets. I shall in which he bore this testimony:

ever be grateful for the experience as a "Young men and young ladies, I leave boy to feel the tenderness of the Prophet with you my testimony that God lives, ti.mlO Joseph F. Smith. He was kind; he was that Jesus is the Christ, that Joseph

lovingly devoted. If you desire to unSmith was and is a prophet of God,

derstand the depths of his spirituality, and that Lorenzo Snow, today is a read his messages of inspiration conprophet of God. How do I know it? I

tained in the volume Gospel Doctrine know it as well as I know that I stand on such subjects as "Priesthood,""First before you tonight. I know heat. I

Principles of the Gospel,""The Mission know cold. I know joy and I know

of the Church,""Prayer,""Spiritual sorrow, and I say to you that in the

Gifts,""Tithing,""Industry,""Many hour of sorrow, in the hour of affliction,

Duties of Man,""Marriage,""Home,"in the hour of death, God has heard "The Family,""Political Government,"and answered my prayers, and I know "Eternal Life and Salvation,"and many that He lives, and I leave my testimony others. He, like all the others, left with you."(Presidents of the Church,

his strong testimony to bless the generaPreston Nibley, p. 298.)

position, he carried on the great work. tions to come. Then at his death, the keys of the

The people and the Church at the time Then the keys of the kingdom passed kingdom passed to another great leader, were heavily indebted, and he promised to President Heber J. Grant, a man President George Albert Smith, an

that they would get out of debt if they who taught all a lesson in persistence, apostle of love. He had a great love in

would pay their tithes and offerings. proving what could be accomplished by his heart for all men, not only the

That doctrine has not changed. It is sheer persistence. He learned to write. membership of the Church, but also

just as effective today as it was in the He learned to sing. He learned to all men! He desired to share with

day of President Lorenzo Snow. Tithing speak. His example reminds me of the others the light of the gospel which

became a spiritual gift rather than a counsel given by my mission president, had come into his life. I have heard

material duty. Samuel O. Bennion, thirtyseven years him suggest many times to those not

Then the keys of the kingdom passed ago, "You learn to do by doing."of our faith that they do not give up

on to Joseph F. Smith. He was the In 1901 before he was President of the truths they have, but that they acfirst prophet, seer, and revel ator with the Church and before leaving to fill cept further truths from us.

whom it was my privilege to shake a mission to Japan, Heber J. Grant adAfter he had received the keys and

hands. Since then I have personally dressed a congregation of young people the mantle of authority and was susSunday Morning session, Many years ago I copied an inscripexample of ingratitude occurred during

April 5, 1959 tion appearing above one of the the ministry of the Savior while here entrances to the Union Depot in Washupon the earth. Luke records the event

ington, D.C., which reads: in these words:

GRATITUDE of "Hethe thatIndieswouldmustbringcarryhomethe thewealthwealthof went"Andto it Jerusalem,came to pass,thatas hehe [Jesus]passed the Indies with him; so it is in travelthrough the midst of Samaria and Gali-

a knowledge must carry with lee. manHenry D. Taylor ing,

if bring him he would home knowl- "And as he entered into a certain

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve edge."village, there met him ten men that were

That same principle is true today. lepers, which stood afar off:

If we would carry spirituality from this "And they lifted up their voices, and

My dear brethren and sisters, conconference, we must have brought a said, Jesus, Master, have mercy on us.

ference time is always a thrilling time spirit of spirituality with us. "And when he saw them, he said

as the Saints assemble from all over Springtime is a glorious time of the unto them, Go shew yourselves unto the the world here at Church headquarters. year as new life begins to stir and the priests. And it came to pass, that, as

Friends warmly greet each other as earth seems to awaken from its long they went, they were cleansed.

friendships are renewed. Former miswinter nap. An ancient biblical proph- "And one of them, when he saw that

sionaries meet in reunion and recall the et has exclaimed: he was healed, turned back, and with

soulsatisfying experiences they enjoyed "For, lo, the winter is past, the rain a loud voice glorified God, while in the service of the Lord. is over and gone; "And fell down on his face at his

I always approach this historic Tab- "The flowers appear on the earth; feet, giving him thanks: and he was a

ernacle with a feeling of reverence and the time of the singing of birds is come, Samaritan.

awe when I consider that the Saints and the voice of the turtle [meaning "And Jesus answering said, Were have been coming here for ninetyone the turtle dove] is heard in our land."there not ten cleansed? but where are

and onehalf years to hear the word of (Song of Sol. 2:1112.) the nine?

the Lord and receive inspiration from This awakening is reminiscent of the "There are not found that returned their appointed leaders. The building death and the resurrection of the Savior, to give glory to God, save this stranger.

of the Tabernacle being completed, the and we can appropriately dwell on the "And he said unto him, Arise, go thy first conference was held here in Octogreat debt of gratitude that we owe him way: thy faith hath made thee whole."

ber of the year 1867. for his atoning sacrifice. (Luke 17:1119.)

We gain strength from each other, It has been said that, "while gratitude Gratitude, brethren and sisters, rebrethren and sisters, and I am confimay be one of the least of the virtues, sults in love, unselfishness, and condent that the Brethren who stand in this ingratitude is one of the greatest of the sideration for others. It has a refining

pulpit feel the strength of your prayers vices."influence, and when expressed, can be

and the inspiration that you bring with Selfishness, greed, and indifference a beautiful thing. A recent newspaper

you. are byproducts of ingratitude. A classic account carried an interesting incident:

446 THE TMPROVEMENT ERA tained by the membership present in to the building of the kingdom of God. his Son, Jesus Christ, our Lord and

this marvelous building, he expressed I am grateful for his life, for his power Savior, bestowed upon Joseph Smith his great love for his counselors who and strength. He and his lovely, dethe authority to act in their names.

stood by his side on that occasion, voted wife have set the world a high There have been nine prophets who

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., and Presiexample in the concept of a good marhave held the keys of the kingdom—

all its connotations! He nine Presidents of the Church of Jesusdent David O. McKay. riage—good in

President Smith held positions of has said so much about the importance Christ of Latterday Saints in this genresponsibility and was honored by such of a clean life, of honoring womaneration. None other on the earth has

organizations as the Sons of the Amerihood, of understanding the gospel and tin's authority. Each prophet has left

can Revolution, International Irrigation of serving the Master. He will leave behind a monument for good that time

Congress, Boy Scouts of America, Utah so many truths for coming generations. cannot efface or obliterate. No indiPioneer Trails and Land Marks Asso- I give you one admonition from Presividual has ever gone astray by followciation. At eightyone his mortal life dent McKay which is so timely and ing the counsel of these prophets, but

came to a close. The keys of the kingmost important for all of us, young and many have experienced tragedy and

dom and the mantle of authority were old, (I have heard him say this on sorrow by going counter to their counpassed on to President David O. McKay, numerous occasions) "We are here to sel.

the missionary prophet! I believe Presidevelop the power of selfmastery."I should like to suggest to young

dent McKay has visited all the missions Analyze this statement. Live by it and people as they study their history lesof the Church where in each one he has see what it will do for you! sons that they reserve enough time to

touched the lives of people for good. Truly, as his predecessors passed on study the history of the lives of these

He has built them in their faith and the keys of the kingdom, the mantle of nine great men and seek a witness of in their courage and strengthened their authority is now held by our Prophet their divine authority.

testimony in the divinity of this great David O. McKay. Because of this auMay we realize the power of these

work. thority, we have been given the right great men. I bear witness that they

President McKay has also dedicated to legitimately administer in the name were and are prophets of God; that

four temples: one in Berne, Switzerof our Heavenly Father, the Father of David O. McKay is the mouthpiece of

land, in Los Angeles, California, in our spirits, and in the name of his Son, our Heavenly Father in the earth today

Auckland, New Zealand, and in London, Jesus Christ. who does hold the keys of the kingEngland. Also he has dedicated many, And so upon the shoulders of nine dom, and the mantle of authority, and

many other Church buildings. Not great men in our day has fallen the this testimony I bear in humility and

only has he dedicated buildings, but mantle of priesthood leadership. The in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ,

his whole life has also been dedicated chain is unbroken. God the Father and our Savior. Amen.

"The District of Columbia police thankfulness shall be made glorious; and a blueprint which, if followed, can

auctioned off about 100 unclaimed biand the things of this earth shall be lead us back once again into God's cycles Friday. 'One dollar,'said an added unto him, even an hundred fold, presence.

eleven yearold boy as the bidding yea, more."(D&C 78:19.) Certainly we should recall with gratiopened on the first bike. The bidding, Many opportunities are constantly tude the mission of our Lord and Savior,

however, went much higher. 'One afforded us for expressing appreciation Jesus the Christ, and his willingness to

dollar,'the boy repeated hopefully each and gratitude for our numerous blessgive his life that we might have salvatime another bike came up. ings. tion and the opportunity of obtaining

"The auctioneer, who has been aucDaily, we should gather our families exaltation.

tioning stolen or lost bikes for 43 years, about us as we kneel in family prayer. We can be properly grateful for the

noticed that the boy's hopes seemed to Many times during each day we can life of the first prophet in these latter soar highest whenever a racer was put profitably pause and in secret prayer days, Joseph Smith, and give praise to up. give grateful acknowledgment for the this "man who communed with Jeho-

"There was one racer left. Then the multitudinous bounties of which we vah,"for it was through the Prophet

bidding mounted to $8.00. 'Sold to that are recipients. Joseph that the gospel was restored and

boy over there for $9.00,'said the aucOn the first Sunday of each month a the Church of Jesus Christ of Lattertioneer. He took $8.00 from his own fast and testimony meeting is held in day Saints established.

pocket and asked the boy for his dollar. each one of the wards and branches. We can give thanks for the PresiThe youngster turned it over—in penMembers of the Church are encouraged dents who have succeeded Joseph Smith,

nies, nickles, dimes, and quarters—took to rise and give public utterance of and especially for our presentday Presihis bike and started to leave. But he their gratitude for the countless blessdent. As we consider President McKay's

went only a few feet. Carefully parking ings that the Lord has showered upon kindness, goodness, and greatness, we

his new possession, he went back, gratethem. can sing with all our hearts, "We thank

fully threw his arms around the aucAn excellent way of showing our love thee, O God, for a prophet to guide us tioneer's neck, and cried."for our Heavenly Father and our apprein these latter days."

President Richards, in a recent talk ciation for his blessings is through our Finally, I am deeply grateful for the at Brigham Young University, quoted righteous actions and righteous living. knowledge that I am truly a spiritual

this beautiful thought expressed by Sir "If ye love me, keep my commandson of our Heavenly Father, created in

Isaac Walton: ments,"said the Savior, in emphasizing his image and after his own likeness,

"God has two dwelling places; one this principle. ( John 14:15.) and although temporarily deprived of

in heaven, the other in a thankful heart, We have many things for which to be the privilege of dwelling in his presence, which O Lord grant to me."grateful. Among them is the privilege I can still communicate with him

The Lord expects us to receive our of being born in this dispensation, when through the medium of prayer and can blessings with a grateful heart. Through the gospel has been restored to earth receive strength', comfort, and guidance.

a modern prophet he has made this in its fulness through heavenly mesMay the Lord bless us all that we may promise: sengers. And this gospel is a plan, a have grateful hearts, I humbly pray, in

"And he who receiveth all things with plan of salvation, and it can be a guide the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

JUNE 1959 447 "To a virgin espoused to a man and an angel came to him and told whose name was Joseph, of the house him not to do it, whereupon he assumed of David; and the virgin's name was the place that you know about in

Mary. history.

"And the angel came in unto her,. The second story is one told by

and said, Hail, thou that art highly Joseph Smith:

favoured, the Lord is with thee: blessed "After I had retired to the place where

art thou among women. I had previously designed to go, having

"And when she saw him, she was looked around me, and finding myself troubled at his saying, and cast in her alone, I kneeled down and began to mind what manner of salutation this offer up the desire of my heart to God.

should be. I had scarcely done so, when imme-

"And the angel said unto her, Fear diately I was seized upon by some power not, Mary: for thou hast found favour which entirely overcame me, and had

with God. such astonishing influence over me as

"And, behold, thou shalt conceive in to bind my tongue so that I could not thy womb, and bring forth a son, and speak. Thick darkness gathered around

HEED THE shalt"Hecallshallhis namebe great,Jesus. and shall be me,if I wereand itdoomedseemedtotosuddenme fordestruction.a time as

call all to powers exerting "But, Highest: my and the of the called the SonWHISPERINGS OF of the power out to deliver the upon give shall me God unto him Lord God

upon this had seized of which enemy his David: father ofTHE SPIRIT throne

I at the when very moment and me, shall over the house of reign he "And despair and to sink ready there was of his for ever; kingdom and JacobS. Dilworth Young

to to myself abandon shall end. be no destruction—notinto First Council of the Seventyof the of ruin, to the power but the angel, an imaginary said unto Mary "Then

How shall this be, seeing I know not a some actual being from the unseen

I presume that listening in are a man? world, who had such marvelous power

being in any before felt never said as I had answered and angel the "And are of us of thoselarge who number

I alarm, great of at this just moment come her, Ghost shall Holy The unto say "teen"they can age whereof an after the number of years since they upon thee, and the power of the Highest saw a pillar of light exactly over my sun, of the the brightness head, above also therefore thee: shall overshadow born, andhave been

it fell until gradually descended shall of which born be thing which holy to to say I havewhat Ithem—thirteen,would direct that

of upon me. God."the shall Son be called thee eighteen. sixteen,fourteen,

I should like to read briefly two (Luke 1:2635.) "It no sooner appeared than I found

stories. The first is told by Luke. I should like also to state that in myself delivered from the enemy which

"And in the sixth month the angel the account given in Matthew, Joseph held me bound. When the light rested

Gabriel was sent from God unto a city was minded to put her away privily upon me I saw two Personages, whose of Galilee, named Nazareth, when he discovered she was expecting, brightness and glory defy all descripGod gives life its purpose. It doesn't (D&C 84:46.) Every day he sends us

matter very much whether we ride in food, energy and vitality from the sun.

SHOW US THE FATHER silean oxcartif our journeyor on anis interplanetarypurposeless. misworld.That is, ourIf theworldsun'sis notraysanwereindependentshut off

Think how important it is that we for a very short time no life could surSterling W. Sill understand that Jesus is the Redeemer vive upon this earth. Not only does

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve of the world, that he expressed the diGod literally give us each day our daily vine will to men, that he was literally bread, but he is also responsible for begotten of the Father. Jesus tried to our mental and spiritual vitality. (Ibid.,

After the Last Supper, Jesus was givhelp his disciples to understand the 88.)

ing some final instructions to his Father by understanding the Son who It is because our greatest need is for disciples. He was trying to prepare was in the express image of his Father's God that the first and most important

them for the heavy load of responsiperson. (Heb. 1:3.) To Philip he said, commandment centers in our maintainbility which would soon rest upon them. "... he that hath seen me hath seen ing a proper relationship to him. And

He talked with them a great deal about the Father;..."(John 14:9.) As it the most serious sins are our abuses of

his own mission, his association with was with the disciples, so it is with us. that relationship, wherein we turn away

his Father and what their relationship Our relationship to God involves the from God. Satan sinned in the preswith God ought to be. During the greatest rewards and the most imence of God, which sets the high water

discussion Philip said to Jesus, "... portant responsibilities that ever come to mark for sin.

Lord, shew us the Father, and it sufmen and women in mortal life, and Occasionally we ought to ask ourficeth us."(John 14:8.) it is perfectly natural and proper that selves, how effective we are—individualThis question points out what is we should join Philip in his request ly and collectively—in this allimportant

probably the greatest responsibility of to "... shew us the Father."(Idem, 8.) relationship. We may be able to get

our lives—not only to know God but That is, the greatest need of man is a clue from some interesting statistics

also to understand the plan of the gospel for God. God created us. It is his recently broadcast over the radio. A

and to live in harmony therewith. The Spirit that "... giveth light to every survey indicated that ninetyfive percenl

proper relationship between men and man that cometh into the world;..."of all of the people in America claim tc

448 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tion, standing above me in the air. One as to which kind of belief he wants to that can be described with words.

of them spake unto me, calling me by accept. You will be exposed to both So I would say to the young folks of

name and said, pointing to the other kinds. You may have a sure way of the Church, some of whom come to

This is My Beloved Son. Hear Him!"knowing. President Richards briefly me confused, if you will ask, not doubt-

(Joseph Smith 2:1517.) referred to it. You can know by the ing that you can have an answer, the

These two accounts have two things whispering of the Spirit that the stateanswer will come in the whispering.

in common—both are of supernatural ments \ have read to you this morning Then you must learn to interpret the

events; both are true. One tells of a are true, and that all of the things whispering. At first it likely will come

miraculous conception, the other of a which have happened supernaturally as something akin to a feeling, although miraculous restoration. The one conin this Church have actually happened. not a feeling. There will finally come

firms the fact that Jesus Christ is Some of you may have had great adinto your minds the words expressive literally the Son of God; the other that ventures in the hills, and some of you of the feeling, and those words properly

the Father and the Son are indeed one may have had them on the water and interpreted will be the whispering of in purpose, although separate individual the sea, some have had them or will the Spirit. You may know as I know

Personages. have them in the air, but I can testify that Jesus is the Christ, that he was

Now, young folks, in the course of to you that there will be none of you born of a virgin, that his Father was your growing up you will associate with have any adventure greater, more thrillthe Eternal God, and that he was teachers who will try to persuade you ing, and more joyful than finding out chosen in this last day to reestablish that the first account could not have how to interpret the Spirit which comes his work, after having his prophets happened, and that the second was an into you bearing testimony of the truth. prophesy of it, through the Prophet

hallucination of an epileptic. But you Young folks have to learn how, so do Joseph Smith. The account of its bewill also be surprised at the wide range we older folks. We have to find out ginnings I have read to you, and that

of people of all classes of learning who the technique by which the Spirit testimony is true, and this Church now, not only take comfort from these stories whispers in our hearts. We have to with its million and a half people,

but also declare them to be true. During learn to hear it and to understand it stands as a witness. Each one of us in

the 129 years of the Church on earth, and to know when we have it, and that this audience knows for himself, not many educated people have branded its sometimes takes a long time. because of what somebody says, but

teachings as the rantings of an ignoBut no matter what your age, you do in his own way and for himself, by ramus. Scientists have laughed to scorn not need to wait until you are old to the whispering of the Spirit, that indeed

its explanations, and evil people have know. Any child, age eight, having it is true.

declared it to be deceitful and adulterbeen baptized and having received the I bear you that testimony and add to ous. Yet educated men have found its gift of the Holy Ghost, is a fit candiit that I know that President McKay

claims to be true and have been endate to have the Holy Ghost bear its is a prophet of the Living God, a seer, larged by them. Scientists have acimprint upon him as to the truth of and a revel ator, as are his counselors,

cepted it without explaining it and have the teachings of the Church of Jesus and the twelve, and the patriarch, and found comfort in it, and evil men have Christ of Latterday Saints. As he I uphold them as such. I commend

repented and have found peace within grows and has that imprint upon him, them to you as being what I have witits fold. he will have joy and satisfaction and nessed. I ask a blessing upon us all,

Any young person can take his choice peace and happiness beyond anything in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

believe in God. Eighty percent of those people. But what Russia has done offior the specific nature of our responsisurveyed said they accepted the Bible cially millions of people are doing pribility to him.

as the authoritative word of God. Each vately and individually. That is, what Teachers of religion who "call themyear in America we spend over a hundoes it profit that our churches are open selves"to the ministry and then "teach

dred million dollars for Bibles. A bigger if we are not in them, or even if we their own doctrines"must bear an awpercentage of Americans presently claim spend a billion dollars for Bibles that ful share of the responsibility for our

membership in some Christian church we do not read? One thing is sure, unfortunate world situation. Even

than ever before in our history. Yet and that is that not one of us can Jesus did not teach his own doctrine.

paralleling this great upsurge in religion afford to fail to observe properly the He said, "... My doctrine is not mine,

is a corresponding upsurge in crime, first and most important commandment. but his that sent me."(John 7:16.)

delinquency, and actual spiritual illiterOur eternal lives depend upon it. How much confusion and actual harm

acy. This survey indicated that only It should stimulate us to remember would be avoided if every religious

thirtyfive percent of all of those questhat when Jesus was born in Bethlehem teacher would follow the example of tioned even knew the names of the there was no room found for him in "the great Teacher."

four Gospels. And over onehalf said the inn. But there is a strange foreRecently I read a book written by a

that religion played no significant part boding in this thought. "No room"was popular minister, in which he attempted

in their business or political affairs. the Master's experience throughout his to analyze the great Christian doctrines

Last summer in Madison Square life. There was "no room"for his docas taught in the Bible, and then he made

Garden, Billy Graham indicated one of trines, "no room"for the spirit of his comparisons with some of the doctrines our problems when he said, "For all of mission. We must not allow history to currently being taught.

our talk about religion there is tragicalrepeat itself because we make no room For example, he said that the God of ly little actual personal Christian comin our country or our lives for the the Bible is a personal God—there can

mitment in America today."It is very Savior of the world. Nor have we disbe no question about that. But he

easy for us to get disturbed when we charged our obligation to God and our said, "We don't believe that any more."

hear about the Russians closing up their own souls by thoughtlessly saying, "We And then to substantiate his statement churches or trying to banish God from believe in God,"and then let it go at he quoted answers to direct questions their country and the lives of their that, without understanding either God about what some prominent ministers

JUNE 1959 449 Then he discussed the resurrection. light of this tragic situation the imporHe said that those who wrote the Bible tance of Philip's plea for understanding

believed in a literal bodily resurrection. God takes on an urgent and compelling

There could be no question about significance. What more important

that. The body of Jesus came out of request could our generation make than

the tomb and ministered among men a united, sincere, wholehearted prayer for forty days. He said to "Bhomas, saying, "Show us the Father."

"... Reach hither thy finger, and beThe work and message of the Church

hold my hands; and reach hither thy of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is

hand, and thrust it into my side: and centered in the literal physical fulfilbe not faithless, but believing."(Idem, ment of Philip's request in our own day.

27.) Then he read the paragraph in In the early spring of 1820, in answer

which Matthew said, "... And the to this important need, God the Father

graves were opened; and many of the and his Son Jesus Christ reappeared

bodies of the saints which slept arose, upon this earth to reestablish among had said about their conception of God. "And came out of their graves after men a belief in the God of Genesis,

One minister said, "No one can possibly his resurrection, and went into the holy a belief in the God taught by Jesus, know about God. He is absolutely imcity, and appeared unto many."(Matt. a belief in the God of the Bible, a belief

measurable, undiscoverable and indis27:5253.) But this great minister also in the Father of spirits whose will is

cernible. He is not limited to boundaries disposed of this particular doctrine by that not one of his children should

and we can be sure that he has no saying, "We don't believe that any perish. (Matt. 18:14.) The voice of the

body or shape."Another minister said more."Father was heard at the baptism of

that "God is an eternal principle."AnThere are those who through their Jesus; (ibid., 3:17) and again at the

other said that God is "a giant electronic teachings would deprive God of his transfiguration. (Ibid., 17:5.) But in

brain."Another said that God is "a body, deny his personality, take away our own day he has manifest himself

mobile, cosmic ether."This minister his senses, faculties, and feelings. They with a complete literalness which canpointed out how completely contrary would leave him sexless, thoughtless, not be mistaken, misunderstood, or disthese concepts were to those of the scripand helpless, without boundaries, shape, regarded. In speaking about this

tures. He said, "Imagine Jesus praying identity, or location. Some indulge the important manifestation the Prophet

toprayed—a mobile,'... OurcosmicFather ether.which artJesusin hopelessone, and absurditythen in ofsomemergingmysterious,three intoinJoseph"... said:I saw a pillar of light exactly

heaven....'(Matt. 6:9.) He said to credible way, expanding the result to over my bead above the brightness of

Mary, '... go to my brethren, and say fill the immensity of space. the sun which descended gradually until

unto them, I ascend unto my Father, These false doctrines have contributed it fell upon me.

and your Father; and to my God, and greatly to the indifference and unbelief "... When the light rested upon me

to your God.'"(John 20:17.) That of our day. That is, much of the cur- I saw two Personages whose brightness

statement must be perfectly clear to rent disbelief in God is not a denial of and glory defy all description standing everyone. And yet this great minister God but a denial of the false and unabove me in the air. One of them spake

said, "We don't believe that any more."believable ideas about God. In the unto me, calling me by name and said,

RESPONSIBILITY FOR Church.great creditTruly,to themselvesthey are regardedand to theas turnsMisdirectedchildrenand misguidedinto great offspringcharacters.result in appalling servants, of -civilization's are not one and theyGUIDANCE OF YOUTH wonderful

singers, problems. but they presentday are wastes alone wonderful and Good

Thorpe B. Isaacson wonderfulRegardingpeople.the divinely appointed rebutcitizensgoodare parentsnecessaryare toobligatorycivilization,if

of the Presiding Bishopric sponsibility of parents, the sobering civilization is to continue.

counsel is given to us that "... they We hear very little nowadays about

shall also teach their children to pray, the strength of character that our forePresident McKay, President Richards, and to walk uprightly before the Lord."fathers drilled into their children. In

President Clark, my beloved brothers (D&C 68:28.) These and many other those days, a boy grew up with the

and sisters: scriptures make it crystalclear the understanding that he could get some-

I always need the blessings of the heavenimposed responsibilities of teachwhere in this world through hard work,

Lord when I am called to this position. ing our children properly. If we fail in rather than looking for shortcuts.

I could hardly proceed without the asour duty toward them, we are weakening Promotion was considered on performsurance of those blessings. I shall be the foundation of our own influence. ance, results, ability, and talent. Pargrateful for your prayers, your patience, Marriage is the gateway through ents implanted in their children a desire

and your understanding. After much which a man or woman obtains perfor sound knowledge and a yearning

fasting and much praying, I trust that sonal experience in human relationships. for excellence and a willingness for hard

the Lord will sustain me. We do beParenthood is the opportunity for putwork. The sense of personal responsilieve in praying, and we believe in ting that experience to heavenly and bility was as basic as love itself.

fasting, and I testify to you that therepractical use. It is a Godgiven right Somewhere in our recent past, many

from comes great strength to us. for parents to have children so that they of us have adopted the idea that a

I am sure we were deeply touched can give them intelligent, mental, moral, father's firm influence is not essential this morning by this wonderful choir, and spiritual training. Parent love is in the raising of children. All too often

both at the broadcast and at this sesbeautiful, but parent love combined with father's role in family discipline has sion. They are a great credit to us, a intelligent discipline is the force that been dismissed to, "You ask your

450 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA pointing to the other, 'This is My Besponsible, and from whom all of our the only true God, and Jesus Christ, loved Son. Hear Him!'"(Joseph blessings come. How important that whom thou hast sent."(John 17:3.)

Smith 2:1617.) everyone should investigate and learn How tremendously important it is,

In the midst of the persecution which the truth. If one should err in believtherefore, that both of these great Perfollowed, the Prophet said: ing the gospel of Jesus Christ to be sonages have reappeared to men upon

"... I had actually seen a light, and true, he could not possibly be the loser the earth in our own day, that we may

in the midst of the light I saw two by the mistake. But how irreparable is know for ourselves.

Personages and they did in reality speak his loss who should err in supposing I would like to close with a quotato me. And though I was hated and the gospel of Jesus Christ to be false. tion of one of the most important utterpersecuted for saying that I had seen a Benjamin Disraeli once said, "The ances ever made in the world. After

vision, yet it was true. And while they secret of success in life is to be ready Joseph Smith and Sidney Rigdon had

were persecuting me, reviling me, and for success when it comes."How unreceived an informative and glorious

speaking all manner of evil against me fortunate when one is not ready, espeheavenly manifestation at Hiram, Ohio, falsely for so saying, I was led in my cially when the matters involved are so on February 16, 1832, an account of heart to say: Why persecute me for telltremendously allimportant. The worst which is recorded in the seventysixth

ing the truth? I have actually seen a tragedy of the last two thousand years section of the Doctrine and Covenants,

vision; and who am I that I can withis that the testimony of Jesus concerning they wrote these thrilling lines:

stand God? Or why does the world the Father and himself has largely "And now, after the many testimonies

think to make me deny that which I gone unheeded. That tragedy is being that have been given of him, this is the

have actually seen? For I had seen a repeated in our day in that so many testimony, last of all, which we give of

vision. I knew it, and I knew that God are still not ready. We are so much him: that he lives!

knew it, and I could not deny it; neither involved in ourselves that we tend to "For we saw him, even on the right

dared I do it."(Idem, 2:25.) crowd God out of our lives. hand of God; and we heard the voice

What a thrilling message! What a Life in this world is not man centered bearing record that he is the Only Betremendous testimony! How eagerly it—it is God centered. As so many are gotten of the Father

should be welcomed by every child of doing in our day, the prodigal son "That by him, and through him, and

God as a solid basis for his faith. During squandered his inheritance because his of him, the worlds are and were created,

the long dark night brought upon the world was centered in himself rather and the inhabitants thereof are begotten world by apostasy, there may have been than in God. The greatest possible acsons and daughters unto God."(D&C

room for many doubts. But now these complishment of our world is to know 76:2224.)

doubts could be dispelled. There was God, and to believe in God, and to obey To this I would like to add my own

now someone in the world who had God. personal testimony, that I know that

actually seen God and who knew for a Philip said, "... shew us the Father, God lives and that his priesthood and

certainty, not only that he lives, but and it sufficeth us."The overwhelmhis Church, teaching his doctrines, are

the kind of Personage that he is. It was ing importance of that plea was emphanow upon the earth, that we may in

now possible to know that above the sized by the Master himself when on very deed be his disciples. May God

dictators and above chance and above that last fateful night as he prayed to help us to avail ourselves of this trecircumstance, there is God our Heavenhis Father he said, "And this is life mendous opportunity I pray in Jesus'ly Father to whom all mankind is reeternal, that they might know thee name. Amen.

mother."This may be all right with obsolete. Is it wrong for youngsters the strength of a nation whose people

daughters, but with a son, it is an into have to toe the line? Discipline know the meaning of sacrifice. Some

vitation to disaster. A boy who grows why, we all need discipline! Someone parents say, "We do not want our

up unable to look to his father for guidhas said that respect is no longer a part youngsters to sacrifice."Young people

ance and decision and help will not of the everyday living. The lack of should be taught the meaning and the

have much respect for authority whatdiscipline will bring a lack of respect. law of sacrifice. They will have to pay

ever its source. Are parents smart to give in? Would a price for success. The price of sucNinety percent of the youngsters who we not be better parents if we put our cess is high, but it is not nearly so high

have had troubles are the products of "foot down"? Youngsters are still youngas the price of failure!

homes where the father's influence was sters, perhaps immature. They need so There are so many unwholesome outlacking. As unattractive as the task may much help and so much counsel. They side influences working against us toseem, a father is the guiding director have a lot to learn, but as parents we day, that it is a challenge to all parents

of the family, and when he fails in his should not be afraid to teach them. to teach their children properly and

job, there can be only chaos and trouble. Perhaps we should let our youngsters watch over them carefully.

Should a father surrender to his wife know that they are supposed to achieve During the last year, many of us his own position as head of the house-—they will be required to work, and have become increasingly alarmed by

hold, then the results may be the same. that celebration comes only after victhe fact that prolonged exposure to teleFaithful parents are entitled to the tory, accomplishment, and achievement. vision is having a disastrous effect on

inspiration of the Lord. What would A sensible youngster does not necessarily our children.. Many times, parents use

we do as parents without that inspirawant his freedom. All he wants and television as a builtin substitute for

tion? But sometimes parents do not needs is love, and he knows deep down parental guidance.

have the courage to follow that inspirain his heart that the people who love According to Edward R. Murrow, and

tion, and they yield, when they should him the most are the ones who will I quote:

stand firm. have the courage to say "no."Disci- "As a child's mind and character is

it is wellestablished hears should he sees necessary to save our shaped be and by what There and pline—yes,

for continue,rules faces themselves! the growing nation from boys and youngsters of behavior as TV trends

girls. The word "no"is now practically There is no strength comparable to the danger of mass imbecility."

JUNE 1959 451 Last fall, a prominent magazine stated the immature mind that violence is an that networks were devoting twentyaccepted way of life.... The results

four hours a week to violence. Of the will best be known by posterity...."

thirtyone new programs introduced James V. Bennett, director of the

(and that number has now increased), Federal Bureau of Prisons, states: "The

half are devoted to violence. It also increasing number of prisoners young

states that one week's television proand old whose crime closely parallels grams showed 160 murders, 500 percent what they have seen on television is more than five years ago; 60 justifiable a matter of great concern to me. The

homicides; 192 attempted murders; 83 impressionable maladjusted or emorobberies; 15 kidnappings; 24 contional young person sees these crimes

spiracies to commit murder; 21 jail and reenacts them."

breaks; 7 attempted lynchings; 6 dynaSince all of us are so deeply conmitings; 11 extortions; 2 cases of arson; cerned, it is up to us to encourage and c: and 2 cases of torture; plus an unsuggest to sponsors, stations, public

accountable number of fights, sluggings, officials, radio commissioners, newsmaulings, etc. papers, and magazines, new and different

I wonder if we realize what effect this programs; and patronize good programs.

is going to have. It seems a shame that Television is a great modern invention.

children should be subjected to such It can be so educational, it can be such place of Television the has taken in building. character a help Many atrocities. are need more we What

lifereading, studying, family true excellent, and are and already very programs interare sponsors producers and who

If thisin for continues homes. them. should support many we charested in educational programs and generation, leisureanother be shocked very time is proper use of may we The

at the results. acter building. important, and the proper use of it has

During the past year, the greatest Judge Frank J. Kronenburg of New been the means of helping many young

wave of crime and horror shows of all York says that "television is an instrumen and women to greatness.

time has deluged this nation. ment of undue pressure that convinces I recently heard someone say, talking

THE GOSPEL, A SOLID about"Psychologyreligion, psychologydoes not knowdoes notenoughhave baptismplained tofor himthe thedead."teachingsSo, as ofI theexall fact,"teaching said, "Well, observed, he your the answers. he In Church,WALL OF TRUTH

all "it right the for the regarding baptism dead has asked not even questions—the great soulshaking quespraying souls out of purgatory."is likeI

Harold B. Lee tions of life and death which lie at the said, "Well, I suppose the intent may

of the Council of the Twelve very heart of human experience and be said to be the same, but there is one existence."Dr. Mowrer further said: distinctive difference. One is scriptural

"It is striking how many psychologists and true, and the other is not."Then

are themselves going back to church, or he challenged me to prove from the

I am prompted in the subject of my at least carefully sending their children scriptures—this over the telephone

few remarks by a recent saddening exto Sunday School."He concluded then how we could take this stand.

perience, which I had with some young by saying: "This symposium is far I called his attention to what the

people of Latterday Saint parentage from an occasion for celebration, but Lord said to the evilly intended Jews who have allowed their faith to dwindle rather a call to labor in a vineyard who sought his life: "Verily, verily, I say

while they have sought for higher eduwhich we psychologists have rather unto you, the hour is coming and now cation in the socalled secular fields, systematically neglected and despised."is when the dead shall hear the voice

and I am encouraged in discussing some It has been a source of great satisfacof the Son of God: and they that hear

of these matters. by what has appeared tion for me to have observed in my shall live."(John 5:25.) That hour

to be the theme of this session of our contacts with men in various fields that that he spoke of was explained, unconference. I therefore seek for the other great men in other fields are likedoubtedly, by the Master to his

sustaining of your faith and prayers wise seeking for the answers to the disciples—at least Peter understood it

for these next few minutes. soulshaking questions, as he put it, so well that in his epistles he wrote

Some two years ago I came across a which lie at the heart of human experivery clearly about it. After the resurreport in the New York Times of a ence and existence. rection he said: "... being put to

statement made by Dr. O. H. Mowrer Some time ago I was privileged to death in the flesh [Jesus], quickened

of the University of Illinois, psychologist have a telephone conversation with one by the Spirit,... went and preached

and former president of the American of the religion editors for a great nato the spirits in prison, which had been

Psychological Association. This statetional news chain. He was preparing disobedient in the days of Noah."(See

ment came out of a symposium on the an article that was to precede the show- I Peter 3:1820.)

relationship between religion and mening of the great Hill Cumorah Pageant. And he further said: "For this cause

tal health at the sixtyfifth annual He said he wanted to talk with me was the gospel preached also to them meeting of the American Psychological about what he called—I think he called that are dead, that they might be

Association held in the Statler Hotel in it the "intricate"teachings of the judged according to men in the flesh

New York City. This is what Dr. Church. When I asked him to explain but live according to God in the spirit."

Mowrer says: what he meant, he said, "Well, this (Ibid., 4:6.)

452 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA about television, that it was a good way ness and patience. Through him, it me, for his blessings, for his help and

to kill time. Then I thought at that was not just a religion that was born. his guidance. I know that this is the

time of what Thoreau once said: "As It was man reaching out for something true Church of Jesus Christ. I know

if you could kill time without injuring clean and good, yearning for something that God lives, that he is our Father. I

eternity."decent and dignified. Men had known know that Jesus Christ is the Son of

Of course, we as parents cannot for centuries that happiness did not God, our beloved Savior and Redeemer.

blame all juvenile delinquency on teleevolve from violence and injustice, not I wonder how near we can get to our vision. We must take the responsieven from power. They knew cruelty Heavenly Father and to our Savior. I

bility in the home. Make no mistake always defeated itself.. know from my own experience that

about that. Most parents love their Jesus taught that respect and love when I can become humble, it is poschildren and want them to have as should be the primary guides of human sible for me to get very close to the

much freedom as is necessary, but as behavior and human decency. There Lord. I know that there is divine inSam Levenson says, "We don't want is an eternal hope that this can be a spiration and revelation in the Church

the Bill of Rights to turn into the rights good world, that nations can live in today. I know that our beloved Presiof Billy.'? harmony, that people can produce and dent David O. McKay, a prophet of

"It is a fulltime job to be decent"—trade and serve, each for the profit of God, is at the head of the Church. I

to be decent to everybody all the time. the other. It is a beautiful thing that know he is inspired of the Lord. I

To be decent is to cease bitterness, man after all his tragic experience with know that the priesthood is in the jealousy, and hate, to refrain from goswar, brutality and despair, can hold to Church today, and that inspiration and sip, refrain from backbiting, and from this wonderful belief. revelation in the Church today is as

passing on untrue comments and unRemember, young people, there is a strong or stronger than we have ever reliable stories about another, to be price for success, but the price of sucknown it before.

considerate, thoughtful, and sympacess is not nearly so high as the price May God bless us that we may live thetic. After all, everyone that I know of failure. Remember, young people, up to the standards of this beautiful

of already has a very heavy load to that you are holding our hearts and gospel, to this Church which is our carry. your future in your hands. life, which makes our life as it is, I

Referring to the life of Jesus, there I want to bear my testimony to the humbly pray, in the name of Jesus was no hate in him, but only gentleLord for his kindness and mercies to Christ. Amen.

Then I called his attention to the fact The principles of the gospel are un- I told that to a friend of mine, and that or practice of this the method are goschangeable, fixed accordand they last, that I repeated could when "He "pel ordinance used was Apostle plan. by the ing to the gospel to that I came have said, hat a cliff,'over 'Throw your

Paul as an argument for the resurrecconclusion in a rather startling way. he said, "Brother Lee, I am surprised

tion, when he asked the question as Brother Kimball and I had an experito hear you say that. Could there have

he wrote to the Corinthians: "Else what ence with one of Brother Moyle's been any other way than the way he

shall they do which are baptized for friends, a great industrialist, to whom said?"Then, too late, I remembered

the dead, if the dead rise not at all? Brother Moyle had presented a Book what the Master said: "... strait is the

why are they then baptized for the of Mormon, and with whom he had gate, and narrow is the way, which dead?"(I Cor. 15:29.) had many gospel conversations. In our leadeth unto life, and few there be

Some while later, after his article presence, and before the Brigham Young that find it,"(Matt. 7:14) and in the

had been written, I had occasion to visit University student body, this man decontroversy that followed the healing of this man again in a hospital where he clared that he accepted the Book of the blind at the pool of Siloam, "... He

was convalescing from a major operaMormon as a true record of his anthat entereth not by the door into the tion. This time his wife was present, cestors, he being of Cherokee Indian sheepfold, but climbeth up some other

and after the necessary introduction, he descent. When we questioned him way, the same is a thief and a robber."

said: "I wish you would explain to my about that, then if he accepted the (John 10:1.)

wife here what you told me about the Book of Mormon as a true record what The Lord has summed up the gospel intricate teachings of your Church."did that make of Joseph Smith, and he in these words: "And this is my gospel—

And so, with the realization that I was said he accepted Joseph Smith as a repentance and baptism by water, and in a man's hospital room and he was prophet, and he accepted the Church then cometh the baptism of fire and convalescing, I proceeded to explain as divine, but he could not believe the the Holy Ghost, even the Comforter, what I had previously said to him, at principle of baptism for the dead. He which showeth all things and teacheth

the conclusion of which he said to her: said, "I believe God could save those the peaceable things of the kingdom."

"I told you that the teachings of the who have died in any way he wanted (D&C 39:6.)

like are in bricksMormon Church a to."is gospel the then? a What What I realize I made, to what a little came ofwall a house, put together with no glorious definition listened to have we later, I loose a rethat remark have ingaps them. have They an answer this in President Richards'morning ad-

I of pented times, said to many whenfor everything."I dress. often So hear brethren my I "Yes, him, suppose could have God I said to him, course, Then I "Of saying you that something wish would we said, cliff, hat a your 'Throw over

realize is that to your us comment but say not that quite gospel the will way—that saved.'and be did you he But not

another testimony of the divine origin say that. He said, '... Except a man is a way of life. It is not a way of life

of this Church and the gospel principles be born of the water and of the Spirit, it is the way to eternal life. It is the

which do supply an answer for everyonly then could he be saved.'"(See science of salvation. I quote from something affecting life and death."John 3:5.) thing that our late beloved brother,

JUNE 1959 453 Orson F. Whitney, wrote some years Gospel truths are as brick upon brick,

ago when he said: in a solid wall. There are no gaps.

gospel—and"The principlesnot merelywhichthecomposefirst printhe Willand ouryou friendschoice youngin theLatterdayfields of scienceSaints, ciples, but all that have been or will and psychology and philosophy—will

ever be revealed are selfexistent and you heed the call of Dr. Mowrer, one of

everlasting in their nature. They have the most brilliant leaders in your secuexisted from all eternity, and will enlar world, and as he said, heed his call

dure through all eternities to come, for to labor in the vineyard, which all too they are absolute, essential, uncreated often you have systematically neglected truths, without beginning of day or and despised.

yesterday, today, of years, the end same E. late Talbeloved Dr. James Our

forever. the Concerning and

forth scholar, has set eminent an time, mage, of place, their compilaand method tion... it is not man's present province in clearness the essential relationship

to enquire."(Elder's Journal 4:26.) between scientific theory and truth in an

Yes, our religion editor of the naarticle entitled: "Prophecy as the Foretional newspaper chain, you are right. runner of Science."It was written

Sunday Afternoon session, that morning to some people not of integrity in the world, because though

April 5, 1959 the Church, she prayed that he would I seek premier position in few things be able to explain the gospel underin this world, I would not want to be standably to them. I echo her great second in my appreciation of the won-

"SOMETHING MISSING"earnestappreciationpetitionsfor also.God's gifts and her usderfuland peoplenot likethereus, arebut whowhoarearenotgoodof

A time ago I had the privilege of goand decent and honest and live to the

Marion D. Hanks ing to a university campus to participate light they have received. But I confess

to love learned as that I have much in Life called "Religion in what theyof the First Council of the Seventy as respect honest and as them, is my I Their theme, Week."was which

to treat at the beginning of the week, for them and their integrity, I have was "Something Missing."I walked recognized... that in them there is

With you I rejoice in this forthright about the campus and into some of the something missing, and time and again and impressive statement by President buildings in the period preceding the I have had the blessing, with many of

David O. McKay of our interest and our appointed hour, and in a certain buildyou, of attempting to bear witness to

position in a great national program. ing where there were advertisements them of what that something is.

My earnest and humble prayer is that placed by students, I saw this written, Why do they miss it? Why do they

we who have influence with the young line by line as I shall repeat the words: not enjoy it? Perhaps because they

may proceed from this conference For Sale have not been taught. Perhaps because

give to adequate thethroughout Church cirsatisfactory a seemingly they have 1929 Ford of responsibility to the greatemphasis life. in because Perhaps cumstance body and fenders Good

in fitnessdeveloping our young. sense they miss somethey though may job paint I Newthink, three expect do may if we we thing, and the pressures problems and engine No

first, will that, results:great good much lives of their keep from influences them $20

nation, to the nations, the andcome from being willing to pay See responding, citizens; are second, that theof which we the price.

I permitted the idea had which And rewill of themissionary work Church I of time with read you some some treat to the "Something theme, meceive great the impetus through marlittle in eastern a newspaper an ago I all right, car Missing."looked The of influence of thevelous the example place, article prominent which no had It adequate have suppose. seemed may lives in of of the theprogram Church represented something but meanwhich fulfil exterior to the appearance fromits third, that the young; Church and fire It in ingful. of story a one the was it its fact, in not. purposes, but was itsitself profit people measurand may districts in York clothing the of New that missing, someSomething was and to followdedicationably a by renewed It fire this in City. of told the chief the the element, motithing was of the the direction theing Lord and as a than of dozen more people—fifteen,death vating power. of in providingleadership the brethren I recall, latter the sentence from one and

in to the misfor spokeopportunities every development As President McKay article impressive part of the short was

I sionaries night, personality of the young. in our Fridayaspect of the Church It said that these to me. and important

in that this heart sevenyear-old Early thanked our week God my access easy over a people within had perished

I life in large blessed of family prayer, part leadingdaughter, have been our my it, used had not door, but of an escape frontier interesting that for to serve eyes her on and our andthanked God our ears and our mouths, and asked where the Church meets the world rather had huddled together and had the Lord to bless us that we could say in the missionary cause. I rejoiced last died in the middle of the floor because

good things through our mouths, and evening as he talked of the wonderof "smoke and fear."I have wondered

because she knew her daddy had to talk fully fine, loyal, intelligent people of if some one of the fifteen or so who

454 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA many years ago, and this is what he of facts increases...."(Improvement if your eye be single to my glory, your

said: Era 7:487.) whole bodies shall be filled with light,

"The man of truly scientific spirit Nearly twenty years ago because of, and there shall be no darkness in you;

regards a theory in its real character shall I say, some immature observaand that body which is filled with light as a provisional and tentative explanations at that time I wrote something comprehendeth all things."(D&C

tion of phenomena not otherwise easy that I read again the other day to see 88:67.)

to comprehend. Theory is but the if I could now say the same thing. The The gospel of Jesus Christ does have

scaffolding necessary to the work of testimony of those nearly twenty years the right answers to the great soulrightly placing the building blocks of that have intervened convinced me all shaking questions which. lie at the

truth in the wall of the rising edifice the more that these facts are true. That heart of human experience and existof science. These building blocks are person who thinks he has outgrown his ence, for it is indeed the power of God

to reality religion in salvation that beeveryone has and his unto Church facts, truths plain,demonstrated made lieveth. to small I bear testimony too the bear proved himself humble And

place, are in their properand when they I it is true, entails responsibilities his of the science that membership know relation to each other duly established, and has shut himself up in his small salvation, the power of God unto salthe scaffolding, which is inadequate and intellectual world, and the vast treasures vation, and I bear that testimony humunsightly at best, is torn down. Theory in the unseen world of spiritual truths bly in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.

becomes unnecessary as our knowledge are closed to his understanding. "And Amen.

died had been conscious enough of the scured the path, while across it the great of Jesus Christ which will bless the door, if he had known of it and realized spacious building was filled with people, lives of the very finest of men who do its importance he might have led the old and young, male and female, their not have it, and who therefore have others through it to life. manner of dress exceeding fine, and something missing.

And I have thought a good deal more, who were in the attitude of mocking To conclude, I mention that such a as perhaps you will in contemplation, and pointing their fingers toward those sermon as President Richards delivered about what may have happened in that who had come and were partaking this morning is sometimes greeted by clothing factory. Apparently they had of the fruit. Some of those who had some of the people of whom I have

been sitting within easy access of that tasted it were ashamed because of those spoken, with murmurings as to arrodoor, some of them, at least, for years, who were scoffing at them, and they gance and smugness, with some objecyet had paid no heed to it. It had not fell away into forbidden paths and were tion on the basis of lack of goodwill,

apparently meant much to them, and lost. Note these words in the twelfth even sometimes, they say, lack of Chrisin their hour of extremity they were chapter of First Nephi: "... the mists tianity, in such a statement. I say, and

not able to find it. of darkness are the temptations of the humbly, that though the prophets were

There are many wonderful people in devil, which blindeth the eyes, and good and compassionate men who loved the world for whom I have personal hardencth the hearts of the children brotherhood and goodwill, yet in every respect and love, and whose intelligence of men, and leadeth them away into instance they testified that there is a and integrity I consider at least equal broad roads, that they perish and are way, that men must follow that way to our own, in terms of what they are lost. and obey the commandments of God.

willing to do for what they believe. "And the large and spacious building, We could proceed from the beginning

Yet I testify with all my heart that which thy father saw, [said the angel to the end of the sacred records, but I there is something here for the finest of to Nephi], is vain imaginations and the choose just one as the example, and them, but it requires a consciousness pride of the children of men."( 1 Nephi this, section 52 of the Doctrine and

that not all is well, that there is some12:1718.) Covenants, where the Prophet, under

thing to be had in the world besides My testimony and witness and the the inspiration of God, encouraging social competence or other of the earthassurances of my heart are that though and suggesting compassion and love and ly pursuits which satisfy the ambitions there are wonderfully fine people all brotherliness, and prayer and humility of men. about us, with whom I have the occaand every other virtue, also had some-

"Smoke and fear"are everywhere sional privilege of association, some of thing else to say:

about us. I read again this morning, at whom I have the blessing of attempting "Wherefore he that prayeth, whose

an early hour, out of the eighth chapter to teach, and to many of whom I have spirit is contrite, the same is accepted of First Nephi, and then in the subsethe privilege of bearing witness, and of me if he obey mine ordinances.

quent explanatory chapter, the vision while I have great respect for what "He that speaketh, whose spirit is ofbols—theLehi. Youtree rememberrepresentingthe thechieftreesymof theysomethingrepresentmissingandin are,them yetif theytherehaveis contrite,edifieth, thewhosesamelanguageis of Godis ifmeekhe obeyand

life, or the love of God; the path to it; not found willingness to realize that mine ordinances."(D&C 52:1516.)

the rod by which one holding fast could within easy access is a door leading to I thank God for the blessing of the reach it, and the chasm; the large and life, and that the Savior stands there gospel, of some understanding of it, and

spacious building on the other side; the and knocks, but they must open and of certain witness that it is the very

mists of darkness, of vapor, rising from walk through. plan of God, and that they who speak

the river of filth to overcome those who I have been deeply blessed by the for God are his servants in this day, as would try to reach the tree. Do you great strong statements of the brethren anciently, which I say, and which witremember these words? An exceeding this conference reaffirming that there ness I bear, in the name of Jesus Christ.

great mist of darkness came up and obis something in the gospel and Church Amen.

JUNE 1959 455 Saints. And I hope and pray that the courage and the good common

leaders of youth everywhere who were sense to speak frankly and honestly fortunate enough to hear his message, with our young people, that they might or will be fortunate enough to read it, know what the Church expects of them, will heed the counsel given therein. that they might know what is best for

I love the youth of the Church and them as citizens of this great land, and of this great country. I know that our citizens of the kingdom of God.

future as a nation, as a people, and our Now, what is it that we seek for our future as a Church depends very largely young people? It has been said that

upon our young people. they are the greatest group of young

I rejoice as I look into the faces of people in all the world. I am sure they

the leaders of youth who have been are the greatest in opportunity of any called to represent the Church. I was group of young people anywhere. No

thrilled as we met at Camp David in group of youth has ever had richer the mountains north of Washington opportunities than our young people and found that Elder Marion D. Hanks have today. What do we seek for

had been appointed a member of the them? I have concluded that there are

Citizens'Advisory Committee of the four essential things that we seek for

President's Council on Youth Fitness, them.

already referred to by President McKay. First of all, we want them to be

We have a group of great leaders in happy. "Men are, that they might have

sin. in happiness to assigned is no joy."There been Church who haveADVICE TO YOUTH the happiness. There I think never people, was and Wickedness with young work

nowhere in all the world will you find are no shortcuts to happiness. It pays

Ezra Taft Benson a finer youth program than we have to live the good life. It pays to heed

of the Council of the Twelve right here in the Church. the counsel of one's faithful parents

Everywhere I go I hear praise of the and the teachers of youth. It pays to

youth program of the Mormon Church, heed the counsel and the instruction

My beloved brethren and sisters and and I am sure that the praise is well given by the General Authorities of the friends: Humbly, gratefully, and prayermerited. I have thrilled with the recent Church. If our young people would be

fully I approach this assignment and series of articles, cards, and displays on happy then they must adhere to the face this great audience and the unseen the general subject, "Be Honest with eternal, basic principles and concepts audience of thousands more. Since lisYourself."It is our appeal to the young of our belief and follow the advice given

tening to the inspiring address of Presipeople of the Church to adhere strictly them by the leadership of the Church.

dent McKay I have felt impressed to to the basic, eternal concepts which Secondly, we want them to be sucleave in my pocket a manuscript which make for the good life. It is an apcessful in their chosen field of life's

I had intended to present as my small peal for them to live clean, upright work, whatever that field may be so part of this conference. lives, to adhere to those basic principles long as it is honorable. We would like

I would like to say just a word about which their parents and their grandto see them excel. The Lord wants

youth, if I may, the theme which the parents and their greatgrandparents them to excel, and he will help them.

President has so impressively emphaadhered to, and upon which they I am convinced, my young brethren sized in our hearing by his inspiring builded in this western land. and sisters, that while the world may

address. With all my heart I respond It is my hope and prayer, my brethren not live our standards, I am confident

to this great message of the president, and sisters, that those of us who have in my own heart from observation, exprophet, seer, and revelator of the responsibility for leadership, among the perience, and broad contact with the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday youth of Zion particularly, will have world, that the world is willing to pay

in this conference have been rendered I have found these people, so I will by this choir, and the choir we heard have to revise my thinking and say that yesterday. the South Ogden Stake people are just

HAPPINESS of Sixa largemonthsOgdenago Istakewas which,the presidentI was someTheseof thepeoplefinesthavepeoplecertainin thecharacterworld.

told, would be divided at our next stake istics in common. Friendliness is one

conference, and that I would be retired of them; humility is surely another; the

William J. Critchlow, Jr. as its president. Before that conference hospitality of their leaders is another

I conference, greatly enjoyed. But the I have general to which cameAssistant to the Council of the Tivelve arrived,

to characteristic, I outstanding it seems suddenly myself and found and there unexpectedly retreaded instead of reme, is happiness. Their countenances

tired, and I have traveled several thouliterally radiate happiness. They seem

"The man that hath no music in sand miles on those treads to the stakes to have left all of their worries and himself, nor is not moved with concord of Zion to keep stake conference aptroubles at home. They obviously came

of sweet sounds, is fit for treasons, pointments. I thought the people in my to conference to feast, spiritually, of

stratagems and spoils. The motions of stake were the best and the happiest course, and they seem to delight in payhis spirit are dull as night, and his afpeople in the world. I still think so, ing their devotions.

fections dark as Erebus."(Merchant of but in my travels I have found thousands They should be happy. They should

Venice, Act V, Sc. 1.) Certainly some of people just like them. I found them be the happiest people in the world.

of the loveliest, and I am sure the in Phoenix, in Denver, in Salt Lake, and I believe they are the happiest people sweetest, sermons that we have heard in the Big Horn. Wherever I have gone in the world because they observe our

456 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA for the 'services of young Latterday time. We want them to be happy. We that the young people of the Church

Saint men and women who are willing want them to succeed in their chosen want to know. I believe they are entitled

to adhere strictly to the standards and fields. We want them to become good to know. I believe it is best for them.

ideals of the Church. If a young man citizens. We want them to become good In all your relationships, my young

and woman were thinking only of fathers and mothers. We want them to friends, when in doubt then do not

getting ahead materially or financially establish happy homes, and in order enter into the act or practice. In fact,

in their chosen field, it still pays to live to do that they must live good lives. our young people should not enter into

the standards of Mormonism. You They must keep themselves clean and any activity if there is any doubt as to

have everything to gain and nothing pure. its propriety. If you are living right,

to lose by adhering strictly to the stand- I thrilled as I listened to Sister my young brethren and sisters, you ards which you have been taught from Jessie Evans Smith sing the solo part will have the prompting of the Spirit childhood, and which the Church emof that lovely song this afternoon: "He which will tell you whether it is right

phasizes today. that hath clean hands and a pure or wrong. Do not fail to heed that

Thirdly, we hope that our youth heart."Our young people must lead prompting, as I hope you will heed the

will develop a love for freedom and clean lives—clean in their actions, clean counsel of your own parents and your

become good citizens of this great Chrisin their thoughts. This means that leaders in the auxiliaries.

tian nation. We hope that our youth they cannot indulge promiscuously in Just one thought in closing: As you

will develop in their hearts a convicso-called petting and necking. It means resolve in your hearts to live the standtion, a testimony, that this is not that they should look very carefully at ards of the Church—and you cannot

just another nation, not just one of a a common practice which we find on afford to do otherwise, from a material family of nations, but a nation with the American dance floors today of close standpoint, from a spiritual standpoint, responsibility of a great mission to perbodily contact—cheek to cheek dancing from the standpoint of getting ahead inform for libertyloving people every-—which I think, my brethren and sisthe world—I hope you will remember

where. We hope they will realize that ters, has in it real danger. that your prescribed standards are a part

the Constitution of this land was estab- I think our young people want to of a great body of truth—the gospel of

lished by men whom the God of heaven know this. My advice to them would Jesus Christ—revealed truth from heavraised up unto that very purpose. Our be not to engage in these promiscuous en. Please remember that no discovery

young people have a responsibility as relationships, these close and intimate of the future, in the laboratory or anycitizens of this land to see to it that the contacts, including cheek to cheek dancwhere else, no other truth will ever be basic concepts, and principles, and ing on the ballroom floor, whether it in conflict with the teachings of the ideals, upon which this great Christian be at a Church dance, a public dance, or gospel. Truth is always consistent. It

nation has been established are prewherever it might be. I urge that they is never in conflict. The gospel encomserved, and strengthened, and safenever do anything, on the dance floor passes all truth. When doubts come

guarded. or off the dance floor, that they would to your mind because of instructions

Fourthly, and most important of all be ashamed to have their own fathers you may receive in the classroom, I and really allinclusive, we hope that and mothers witness. urge you to remember that time is althe youth of the Church will live so If they are wise, our young people ways on the side of truth, and Mormonthat eventually they will be able to go will reserve for the marriage covenant ism is truth.

to the house of the Lord with a choice those sweet and intimate associations. God bless you and protect you and

companion, and receive the priceless They will reserve such intimacies for guide you, and give you the courage to blessings which are in store for the faiththeir companions for eternity. Such a live the gospel, to maintain the standful there. And we hope that they will course is pleasing to our Heavenly ards of the Church, so that the blessings

then continue to live worthily so as to Father and will bring peace and hapwhich have been promised to the faitheventually be exalted in the celestial piness—eternal happiness. ful may be yours eternally, and here in

kingdom of our Heavenly Father. I know this may seem strong doctrine mortality also, I pray in the name of

Yes, we want them to have a good for some. I stress it because I believe Jesus Christ. Amen.

Father's laws of happiness. An example of his laws of happiness you in Sacrament meeting for a long,

Our Heavenly Father loves us. I love is his law of health which we call the long time, nor have I had your name

my children dearly, but his love for us, "Word of Wisdom."on the tithing list for several years."

his spirit children, is infinite, divine. "And all saints who remember to "I know, Bishop,"the young man

His announcement of our coming to keep and do these sayings, walking in replied, "I'm riot faithful in all things, this earth made his children extremely obedience to the commandments, shall but I have faithfully kept the Word of happy. "... the morning stars sang have health in their naval, and marrow Wisdom, and I have not received the

together, and all the sons of God to their bones;... promised blessing."

shouted for joy,"(Job 38:7) so we are "And shall run and not be weary,...""Here,"said the bishop, "is the law."

told, and we soon learned that, "Adam (D&C 89:1820.) He read it slowly.

fell that man might be; and men are, A young man came to a bishop in my "And all saints who remember to

that they might have joy."(2 Nephi stake and said, "Bishop, I have observed keep and do ( these sayings, walking in

:25.) He provided for our happiness the Word of Wisdom all the days of obedience to 'the commandments,..."

here on earth by giving us a plan for my life, yet I do not enjoy good health. (Idem, 18.)

happiness. We call it the "gospel Why doesn't the Lord respect his promNo need to read farther! In kindplan."It comprises a number of laws, ise?"ness he explained, "Our Heavenly Father

some ordinances, and a few principles This wise bishop replied, "Sit down, has commanded us to pay tithing, to go which if obeyed will bring a state of we'll read the law together."Then as to Sacrament and to priesthood meetblessedness to his children. And blesshe turned the pages to find the law, he ings. You apparently have not underedness, my brothers and sifters, is a said, "I haven't seen you in priesthood stood the law and, therefore, have not

deep, refined joy or happiness. meeting this year, nor have I observed fully complied."

JUNE 1959 457 room enough to receive it."(Mai. 3:10.) law upon which it is predicated."

"... for he that is tithed shall not (Ibid., 130:2021.)

be burned at his coming."(D&C My son told me about a man who

64:23.) declined to join our Church because,

Another is his priesthood law. he said, "Observance of the laws (re-

"And also all they who receive this cited above) would deprive me of my priesthood receiveth me,... happiness. I like,"he continued, "a

"For he that receiveth my servants recup of coffee at breakfast, another cup ceiveth me; midmorning to pick me up. After

"And he that receiveth me receiveth dinner in the evening I like to relax my Father; with my pipe and newspaper. On Sun-

"And he that receiveth my Father reday I like to get out under blue skies ceiveth my Father's kingdom; therefore with my fishing pole in summer, and

all that my Father hath shall be given in winter I enjoy a late, lazy breakfast unto him."(Ibid., 84: 3538.) with the Sunday paper. If I paid a

Like this young man, others may not Still another example is his marriage tithe of my earnings on top of my inunderstand these laws of happiness. law—celestial marriage law. come tax, doctor bills, instalments on

Ignorance is no excuse for violating civil "Therefore, if a man marry him a my home and car—well, I'm afraid I'd

laws; perhaps our Heavenly Father may wife in the world, and he marry her be jailed for writing checks with insuffinot accept it as an e*xcuse for violating not by me nor by my word, and he covecient funds."

his laws. nant with her so long as he is in the What this man implied, and implied

Another law, apparently misunderworld and she with him, their covenant quite effectively, was this: I have no

stood by some is the Sabbath day law. and marriage are not of force when they faith, no assurance that God will re-

"Remember the sabbath day, to keep are dead, and when they are out of the ward me with anything better than a it holy. world;..."(Ibid., 132:15.) pipe or cup of coffee for keeping his

"Six days shalt thou labour and do There is another law, which I heard laws.

all thy w7ork: President McKay quote this afternoon. "... O ye of little faith?"(Luke

"But the seventh day is the sabbath of I call it the "law for the parents."12:28.)

the Lord thy God:

". shalt.. thou.go.."to (Ex.the house20:8-10.)of dren"..... inasmuch. that teachas parentsthem nothave...chilre- God,"Andor inagainstnothingnonedothis manhis offendwrath

prayer and offer up thy sacraments upon pentance, faith in Christ,... baptism kindled, save those who confess not

my holy day"; (D&C 59:9.) and the gift of the Holy Ghost... his hand in all things, and obey not

I have seen our members, along with when eight years old, the sin be upon his commandments."(D&C 59:21.)

other people, in stores purchasing supthe heads of the parents. "... according to men's faith, it

plies and food on Sunday. May I ask, "For this shall be a law unto the inshall be done unto them."(Ibid.,

with what consistency can one go to a habitants of Zion "(Ibid., 68:2526.) 52:20.)

store on Sunday in violation of this There are other laws designed for our "... without faith it is impossible to

law, purchase food, and then place it happiness, obedience to which will please him:..."(Heb. 11:6.)

a table, on bring that deeprefined and ask Heavenly Father to joy is which we first Faith the principle of our gosit? bless might call blessedness. But underlying pel. If this could seen have the man

all Another is his is example of these laws financial law one law, master happy countenances of of thousands "... the tithe. of the law irrevocably in decreed beheaven in the stakes members which I have

"... prove the herewith, this foundations of saith fore now me world, upon visited could and heard, as he have

the Lord of hosts, if I will not open you which all blessings are predicated have heard, the testimonies of thoseI the windows of heaven, and pour you "And when we obtain any blessing men and wives who have come into out a blessing, that there shall not be from God, it is by obedience to that Church activity, he surely would have

in the kingdom who painted the picPresident McKay has said about youth ture of a man on canvas. They took it fitness, I would like to address my reto the king, but he was displeased and marks to that vast corps of teachers in

repeated: "Make me a man."They the Church who are saving men's souls,

tried other media, sculpture in wood in the hope that instruction might imand stone, but to each the king said: prove in the Church. For if one teacher

TEACHING the"Makevisionme a ofman."the king'sFinally instructions.they caught andincreasesability,thethatlevelclassofwillhisimprove;competenceand

They found a man, tattered, degraded. if many teachers improve, all classes

A. Theodore Tuttle, They bathed him, shaved him, dressed in the ward will. And if each of us imhim, taught him, and presented to proves him the instruction, the wholes

of the First Council of the Seventy the king. king pleased The was that will Church in strength grow and power

they had learned this lesson and said and will be blessed. Remember that

these words: "Next to the God who no class can rise higher than its teacher.

a time, so the fable Once upon goes, is, creates is the individual who saves ansecond The reason that I would there a wise was monarch other."wanted who like to lead all of us to the of source

his subjectsto teach an important Brothers and sisters, I and you are and unfailing inspiration, the Lord Jesus vital lesson. He said: "Make a engaged me in and dedicated to the of Ifi Christ. work Savior's the teachings, weman."finest acquired artist the They saving souls. men's In of view find finest what the methods are used that

458 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA paused before he spoke so facetiously. concept of God, why we were here, Father and the Son appeared to him

In contrast to this man's lack of faith, where we come from, and what we exand that the Son instructed him."

let me tell you about a man who came pected hereafter. I also quoted our Let me add another Article of Faith.

one evening to a stake president and Articles of Faith. When I had finished, Call it the 15th if you like.

asked for baptism. I see that president he said in substance: "I believe that David O. McKay is a

in this congregation. This man stood "My father was a minister. I, too, prophet of God; that he holds all of

in the president's home, dressed in an am a graduate of a school of divinity. the keys, priesthood, and powers formarmy officer's uniform of high rank. But what I learned in that school, or erly held by all of the ancient prophets,

In answer to the president's question, rather what I did not learn, and what which were later conferred upon Joseph "What missionaries have been instructyou have told me today confuses me. Smith and through him to his succesing you?"he replied, "None."Then he As a result I am what you would call an sors down to President David O.

explained that he supervised LDS men agnostic."McKay."

and women at Hill Air Force Base and "Now,"he continued, (and this is When Joseph Smith wrote the thirfound these people to be honest, insignificant) "if what you believe—this teen Articles of Faith, he might welldustrious and happy. "My wife and philosophy of yours—makes you happy, have added another. This one would

I are religiously inclined, and we would then stick to it and live it. I tell you sum up nicely for me what I have

like to be not only one with them but there is no happiness in unbelief. Your hurriedly tried to say and would acalso one of them. We would like to philosophy is interesting. It could be count for the happiness that I have

be baptized."taught in colleges along with other discovered in the countenances of our

I had an opportunity to interview this philosophies and people would read it people. I quote the Prophet:

officer, and when I asked him if he—if you would disassociate and leave "Happiness is the object and design

understood the principles of the gospel, Joseph Smith out of it."of our existence; and will be the end

he replied, "I understand the tithing My brothers and sisters this gospel thereof, if we pursue the path that law, and I will observe it. Other laws plan which he called "our philosophy"leads to it;... "(Teachings of the

I do not understand, but we (wife and is not a philosophy. It is truth. And Prophet Joseph Smith, p. 255.)

I) will conform. We want to be happy Joseph Smith can no more be "disas- I have tried to outline that path

with you and one of you."He had sociated"than can this earth be taken obedience to the laws and ordinances of

faith. I think he found real happiout of the solar system. He was forethe gospel. Let the Prophet continue,

ness. ordained before the foundations of this "... he never has—He never will inNow let me tell about another man earth to head this the greatest of all stitute an ordinance or give a comwho lectured brilliantly in Salt Lake dispensations, the Dispensation of the mandment to His people that is not

that to of in its nature promote calculated Times.City years ago. a dozen or so He was Fulness

..."designed, I happiness which He has could talk to that doctor I wish orator a silvertongued reportedly who

had lectured in nations around the again. I would tell him as I tell you (Ibid., p. 256.)

globe and had more degrees behind his that in my book I have added another My brothers and sisters, I think the name than many of us could interpret. Article of Faith which I call my 14th ultimate in happiness will be ours if

The following day he visited in Ogden Article of Faith. This is it: (I'll put it and when we attain exaltation in his

and was taken sightseeing up Ogden in the singular, but if you accept it, celestial kingdom.

Canyon. Returning, he relaxed in the you can make it plural). I hope that I and I hope that you, as

office of the president of the Ogden "I believe that Joseph Smith was a we travel life's highway, may enjoy the

Chamber of Commerce where he reProphet of God; that he was visited happiness, even the blessedness that

marked, "You Mormons are certainly by heavenly messengers, among them will be ours if we obey these laws, and a friendly, hospitable, and happy peoPeter, James, John, Elijah, Moses, and may we later earn and enjoy the ultiple. Will one of you tell me something one Moroni who directed him to some mate in blessedness—exaltation in his

of your philosophy of life?"His finger hidden plates from which he translated kingdom, I humbly pray, in the name

pointed to me, so I told him about our the Book of Mormon. I also believe the of Jesus Christ. Amen.

known today. We see his objective of people knew about. His new ideas were Caesar's; and unto God the things that

changing man's behavior clearly set related to known facts. are God's."(Matt. 22:1721.)

forth. We find the Savior being acSecondly, if you would become a I would like to give another example

claimed an authority, because he knew better teacher, learn to answer questions which shows many things about teachhis subject, and likewise we find a the way the Savior did. He gave direct ing. You recall this instance: "And beknowledge of students put to use in a answers, but equally as often he would hold, a certain lawyer stood up, and

beautiful way. ask another question of his hearers. tempted him, saying, Master, what shall

Teachers, if you would improve your You recall this instance: "Tell us there- I do to inherit eternal life?

teaching, use and adapt illustrations fore, What thinkest thou?... "He said unto him, [note the techand examples to fit the present knowl- "But Jesus perceived their wickedness, nique] What is written in the law?

edge and experience of your students. and said, Why tempt ye me, ye hypohow readest thou?

May I illustrate: crites? "And he answering said, Thou shalt

We find in the teachings of the Savior "Shew me the tribute money. And love the Lord thy God with all thy

such words as camels, sheep, salt, light, they brought unto him a penny. heart, and with all thy soul, and with

candles, fish, leaven, hens and chickens, "And he saith unto them, Whose is all thy strength, and with all thy mind;

lilies, sparrows, things that people this image and superscription? and thy neighbour as thyself.

knew about and had experience with. "They say unto him, Caesar's. Then "And he said unto him, Thou hast

He likened the abstract ideas of his saith he unto them, Render therefore answered right: this do, and thou shalt

teaching to these concrete things that unto Caesar the things which are live.

JUNE 1959 459 "But he, willing to justify himself, (Matt. 22:39. Italics added.)

said unto Jesus, And who is my neighHe might just as well have said, "Love bour? thy neighbor as thy wife or husband or

"And Jesus answering said: A cerson or daughter or uncle or aunt,"but

tain man went down from Jerusalem to he gave it universal application, when

Jericho and fell among thieves..."he said "thyself,"for each man loves

and then related the story of the Good himself. Each man, however, does not

Samaritan. (Luke 10:25 ff.) have a wife, a son or a daughter, and

Now, notice the teaching technique. thus would not have been included in

Teachers, you who make up this vast the Master's teaching.

corps of 231,000, and others, for we are Here we find in the teachings of the all teachers regardless of our position, Master, a blending of all of the techwhether it be president or other officer niques, methods, ideas, that will help notice what the Savior said. us to be effective in teaching the gospel

"... love thy neighbour as thyself."and in achieving the lofty ideals that

I never listen to the President of the restored. It, therefore, became necesChurch except my mind goes back to sary that the Lord announce anew the

section 21 of the Doctrine and Covesignificance of having at the head of nants. I would like to talk about that the Church a prophet, seer, and revelafor the moments that are given tor.HIS WORD YE SHALL section

to me.RECEIVE You remember that this section was thisForrevelation,that reason,he madeas theit Lordknowngaveto

given by revelation to the Prophet those who were assembled that Joseph

Joseph Smith on the day of the organizaSmith as President of the Church was

Mark E. Petersen tion of the Church. The people who also prophet, seer, and revelator. It

of the Council of the Twelve were there assembled had come out of was a great lesson to the Church that the various religions of the day, and now again the leadership of the Church were not accustomed to the procedures should be vested in an inspired prophet and principles that once had been of God and that this prophet should be known to the Saints and now were being the President of the Church.

body shall be full of darkness. If thereDavid spoke. The world needs the help

fore the light that is in thee be darkof those who have recognized and reness, how great is that darkness!"(Ibid., ceived the gospel of the kingdom. The

Monday Morning session, 6:2223.) world needs their inspiration and active

Matthew further says: "Whosoever participation in the affairs of life. We

April 6, 1959 therefore shall break one of these least are an inspired people. That I know as

commandments, and shall teach men so, well as I know that I live. We are reINDIVIDUAL hedomshallof beheaven:called thebut leastwhosoeverin the kingshall spiration.sponsible for Thisthe properinspirationuse of thisis notinCOMMITMENT IN calleddo andgreatteachin them,the kingdomthe sameof heaven."shall be confinedover intoto allour temporalspiritual livesresponsibilities,but carries

SUSTAINING FREEDOM (Ibid., 5:19.) and included therein is our moral, our

To us the prophecy of Daniel has civic, our political, our social, our standHenry D. Moyle greatPresidentsignificance,McKay inas hiswasinspiredpointedmessageout by financialready to exerciseresponsibilities.this divineWeguidance

of the Council of the Ttvelve to the world yesterday. Daniel says, together with the power of our priest-

"And in the days of these kings shall hood in behalf of a neighbor, as well as the God of heaven set up a kingdom, in our own behalf. We look upon the

We have already had quoted the which shall never be destroyed: and the children of our Heavenly Father as our

passage of scripture with which I desire kingdom shall not be left to other peobrothers and sisters, no matter where to start. "But blessed are your eyes, ple, but it shall break in pieces and they live, or what they believe, or what

for they see: and your ears, for they consume all these kingdoms, and it their ancestry may be. We cannot exhear."(Matthew 13:16.) And Matthew shall stand for ever. pect to do our full duty as we are infurther tells us that "The light of the "... and the dream is certain, and spired to do unless we can live and work

body is the eye: if therefore thine eye the interpretation thereof sure."(Danin an environment of love, of peace,

be single, thy whole body shall be full iel 2:4445.) of freedom—freedom at home and

of light. The world needs the restored Church throughout the world.

"But if thine eye be evil, thy whole and kingdom of Jesus Christ, of which Plato has put into words that the

460 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA President McKay has outlined for us to it only briefly, because President McKay to become acquainted with the life and achieve. dealt with this) is to live your teachings. teachings of the Master to be an effecThirdly, if you would be a better William E. Berrett, who is vicetive teacher in the Church.

teacher, teach by the Spirit. You recall president of Brigham Young University, Teachers of the Church, there is an

that in the Doctrine and Covenants, the once remarked that many years ago eternal extension of the power and inSavior said: there was a Danish immigrant who fluence of a good teacher. May we live

"And ye are to be taught from on taught his class. Though he spoke in so that we may teach by the Spirit, so

high. Sanctify yourselves and ye shall broken English his life was such that that the youth of the Church might

be endowed with power, that ye may you could warm your hands by the pattern their lives after the life of the give even as I have spoken."(D&C flame of his testimony. Master.

43:16.) Remember, teachers, you cannot give I am grateful for his life and mission.

That is the thing that gives strength away that which you do not possess. He lives. He directs the brethren who

and power, meaning and life, to our Study the life of the Master. You do direct this Church. This is my humble

otherwise weak efforts. not have to have a college degree to be witness, and I bear it in the name of

The fourth thing, (and I will mention an efficient teacher. But you do have Jesus Christ. Amen.

Then he spoke directly to the memhis mouthpiece in these, the last days. against you? In these perilous times,

bership of the Church and he said He gave us this commandment with would you like to have the confidence this: a marvelous promise, and this is the that the very heavens will shake for

"Wherefore, meaning the church, promise: your good? You may have these blessthou shalt give heed unto all his words "For by doing these things the gates ings by keeping this commandment.

and commandments [that is, the Presiof hell shall not prevail against you; "Wherefore, meaning the church,

dent of the Church] which he shall give yea, and the Lord God will disperse the thou shalt give heed unto all his words unto you as he receiveth them, walking powers of darkness from before you, and commandments, [the President of in all holiness before me; and cause the heavens to shake for your the Church], which he shall give unto

"For his word ye shall receive, as if good, and his name's glory."(Idem, 6.) you as he receiveth them walking in

from mine own mouth,..."(D&C We are living in perilous times. We all holiness before me;

21:4-5.) are face to face with every kind of "For his word ye shall receive, as if

Is not that a remarkable thing? That difficulty. In the midst of these times, from mine own mouth;..."(Idem, 4-5.)

is the manner in which the Lord desigwould you like to have the assurance This is my testimony to you in the nated the President of the Church as that the gates of hell will never prevail name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

spirit of freedom is not a matter of laws independence of spirit and complete selfance will be given, but man must be and constitutions. "Only he is free,"reliance."free to choose obedience or disobediPlato says, "who realizes the divine This is not much different from conence, otherwise his actions have no

order within himself, the true standard ditions found in the Church in the ethical or religious value. "God has

by which a man can steer himself."And Meridian of Time. Brother James L. always preserved freedom and the

I say true standards, ideals that lift life Barker, in his history of the early powers of selfgovernment in man,"up, mark the way of true progress. Such Church, which is soon to be printed, wrote Irenaeus when he wrote against

ideals followed will never permit our writes: "In the Church organized by heresies in the third century.

light to be extinguished. the Savior two important principles "The Church organization carefully

Pericles said: "But we regard him were reconciled—divine authority and safeguarded this freedom,"Brother

who holds aloof from public affairs as individual liberty."Barker continues. "Nominations were

useless."They called the useless man The Father sent his Son, Jesus Christ, made by authority,"just as they have

a "private"citizen, idiotes from which into the world; the Son chose his aposbeen made here this morning in our

our word idiot comes. The citizens of tles, gave them authority, and they chose presence, and in which we have particithe kingdom of God should set the patthe presiding elders, bishops, and other pated, "but the members of the Church

tern for the citizens of the kingdoms of local officers, always seeking the guidwere given the right to accept or reject men. ance and approval of the Holy Spirit. those nominated. The Lord has never

A reflective Roman traveling in In the Church of Jesus Christ there forced the acceptance of his prophets.

Greece in the second century, A.D. said, must always be this divine leadership. If the Lord sends a prophet, he will be

"None ever throve under democracy Any church without his leadership is a prophet, even if no one accepts his save the Athenians. They had selfnot his, as President Stephen L Richards message, but the Lord has at no time

control and were lawabiding."That is so beautifully demonstrated yesterday. forced the acceptance of a prophet's

what Athenian education aimed at, to However, the Lord has always safemessage on the people; nor has he forced

produce men who would be able to guarded human liberty. There can be a prophet on the people as president of

maintain a selfgoverned state because no progress without liberty. The great his Church, nor a bishop on his conthey were themselves selfgoverned, purpose of this life is that man shall gregation.

selfcontrolled, selfreliant. It is said gain experience and strength in freely "In the Church he organized, the

of the Athenians, "We yield to none in making his own choices. Divine guidmembers were an important part of the

JUNE 1959 461 worthy member of the Church. Both a comment of one of our national

leaders and members were free to obey statesmen, Adlai Stevenson, "Our condior disobey the inspiration of the Spirit, tion has nothing to do with any deand both were equally responsible for ficiency of technology or resources. It

their individual choices and the conseis a matter of people forgetting that quences entailed by their choices. Thus political freedom can be sustained only

each member of the Church was made, by continuing individual commitment."

in part, responsible for the government As he continues: "The great German

and conduct of the Church,"says poet Goethe, who also lived through a

Brother Barker. crisis of freedom, said to his generation,

We read in Acts of the council of 'What you have inherited from your 'f Jerusalem: "Then pleased it the apostles fathers, earn over again for yourselves

and elders, with the whole church, to or it will not be yours.'We inherited

send chosen men of their own company freedom. We seem unaware that it

to Antioch..."and the next verse is has to be remade and reearned in each

again repeated, "And they wrote letters generation of man."

by them after this manner; The apostles Stevenson says, "The natural governorganization: they were free and responand elders and brethren...."(Acts ment of man is servitude. Tyranny is

sible, because the Holy Ghost was not 15:2223.) the natural pattern of government."If

given to their leaders, the apostles, What is our position today? Take, for that be true, it is in direct opposition to

bishops, and elders, alone, but to every example, public affairs. I read recently the government of God. "We do not

Christ were looking forward to receive, those living who have performed these this promise was fulfilled 123 years ago same sealing ordinances for themselves, on April 3, 1836. Following a Sacrafirst—that is, a wife to a husband and

ment service in the Kirtland Temple, children to parents.

Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery reWithout the coming of Elijah there tired behind the veil of the temple would be no need for temples, there

of chilsealing eternity, no and time Christ the Lord Jesus to who themWORK FOR THE DEAD and after fervent prayer, there appeared would be no sealing in marriage for for genealogy. parents, need no dren to gave Kirtland and the Temple accepted

his approval. This temple had just There would be no sealing for the livEldred G. Smith previously been dedicated. (March 27, ing or the dead. This is not for the

Patriarch to the Church 1836.) Moses appeared and gave unto dead alone, it is for the living first.

them the keys of the gathering of Israel. I testify that Elijah did come, and

Elijah the prophet appeared to them others have testified also, and we have

I pray for an interest in your faith and bestowed upon them the keys of heard other testimonies in this conand prayers while I fulfil this assignthe sealing power of the priesthood. ference. In addition to the testimony

ment. Many of the brethren have The Prophet Joseph Smith said this of Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery,

already given my talk several times, about the mission of Elijah: and others currently, we have factual

nevertheless I feel that it is an important "The spirit, power and calling of evidence that Elijah came. One year

subject and can stand repetition. Elijah is, that ye have power to hold after Elijah's coming, in 1837, laws

In the beginning of this dispensation, the key of the revelations, ordinances, were passed in Great Britain compelling on September 21, 1823, Moroni appeared oracles, powers and endowments of the the preservation of duplicate records of to the Prophet Joseph Smith. In that fulness of the Melchizedek Priesthood the dead. In the 400 years preceding

visit he quoted the prophecies of and of the kingdom of God on the the coming of Elijah, there were cataMalachi: earth; and to receive, obtain, and perlogued by Mr. T. B. Thompson 192

"For behold, the day cometh that form all the ordinances belonging to British family histories. In just one

shall burn as an oven, and all the the kingdom of God, even unto the hundred years after the coming of proud, yea, and all that do wickedly turning of the hearts of the fathers Elijah in 1836, there were 1,879 British shall burn as stubble; for they that unto the children, and the hearts of the family histories published.

come shall burn them, saith the Lord children unto the fathers, even those In addition to the published family of Hosts, that it shall leave them neither who are in heaven."(Teachings of the histories, about the only family record

root nor branch.... Prophet Joseph Smith, 337.) was one made in the old family Bible,

"... Behold, I will reveal unto you Again the Prophet Joseph Smith said: such as the one I have here. This hapthe Priesthood, by the hand of Elijah "What is this office and work of pens to be the family Bible of Hyrum

the prophet, before the coming of the Elijah? It is one of the greatest and Smith, my greatgreat-grandfather, the

great and dreadful day of the Lord.... most important subjects that God has brother of Joseph Smith who was mar-

"... And he shall plant in the hearts revealed. He should send Elijah to tyred in Carthage. In the middle of

of the children the promises made to seal the children to the fathers, and the these old Bibles that we are all familiar the fathers, and the hearts of the chilfathers to the children."(Idem.) with is a page for births, a page for

dren shall turn to their fathers. If it The mission of Elijah is to restore deaths, a page for marriages; and that

were not so, the whole earth would be to earth the power, that whatsoever was about the extent of the family utterly wasted at his coming."(Joseph is sealed on earth will be sealed in records which were kept at that time.

Smith 2:3739.) heaven. This sealing power is not In 1844, just eight years after the

Thus renewing this ancient promise alone for the dead. The dead cannot coming of Elijah, the year of the

which even the Jews at the time of receive these blessings unless there are martyrdom of Joseph Smith and Hyrum

462 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA slip into freedom or happiness. It is When in the course of life one arrives Athenians in ancient times so that he

strenuously sought and earned."at a fork in the way, a decision must may make right decisions in the present

When will we realize that the very be made and a course selected often and face the future with confidence, power and success of US society demand results in a choice that later becomes divinely assured that his hope conmore not less individual dedication for completely irrevocable. President Mccerning things to come will have full

its citizenship. It is interesting to note Kay told us yesterday of the 231,000 and lasting realizations. Faith in Jesus

that the concern of our leaders today is teachers in the Church. I say they Christ our Lord, and obedience to his

not expressed in terms of security but stand as watchmen at the crossroads restored gospel assures inevitably this in terms of survival. What else but to direct us aright in the course we glorious result—the enjoyment of that

individual dedication can stay the Soviet pursue. Our decisions, once executed, peace which passeth understanding now

assault on free civilization? can never be erased. This is because as in all prior time.

oftquoted In an passage from Shakeseries selections all all introduce live in such that Let us a new we do, therespeare given is a warning which setting of conditions, events inspiration directed in motion the guided by and we might well heed: which cannot later be recalled. The which comes to the faithful as a gift

evil are of accomplished, done, blessed the the Ghost. good are Holy "But in affairs a tide the"There is of men

It all there. faithful for eyes, is a axiom that they see: he your ears, your and at flood, leads taken theWhich, on to

fortune; who would not when he might, shall for they hear."(Matthew 13:16.)

Omitted, all the voyage of their life not when he would. May the Lord bless us all, I pray

Is bound in shallows and in miseries."Happy is he who profits by the expehumbly in the name of Jesus Christ.

(Julius Caesar, Act. IV, Sc. 3.) riences of the past, like those of the Amen.

Smith, the first organization for the when they could not go farther with room and was still not all unrolled purpose of the gathering together recthat line. It goes back to 443 B.C. Yet one member of a family bringing the

ords of the dead, and compiling genethis is not all of the Smith genealogy. blessings to the fathers, which is the

alogical records, was formed in the city This is your responsibility, brothers promise of Elijah. This is typical of

of Boston, Massachusetts—The New and sisters, to make sure that your genemany families.

England Historical and Genealogical alogy is gathered. I see the effects of Do not leave this for others to do.

Society. this spirit of Elijah becoming stronger Each has his own responsibility. Are

In 1869 The New York Genealogical all the time. Often it is just one memyou back in the horse and buggy days,

and Biographical Society was organized. ber of the family who joins the Church. in the days of the old family Bible

Since then literally hundreds of gene- I have many husbands and wives come where you just gather your own posalogical organizations have been organto me, each one being the only member terity records? Or, are you gathering

ized all through the Atlantic Coast states of the Church in his immediate family. together pedigree charts wherein for

and spreading all over Europe and the I believe the Lord deliberately designates each couple on the pedigree chart you

United States. and sends a valiant spirit into a special have a family record sheet? Most of

Instead of gathering the records in family in a special location, even in you are familiar with these sheets.

the oldtime family Bibles, we now have faroff missions, for the explicit purAnd if you are, you will soon have a special charts. Most of you are familiar pose of having a spirit who will accept book built up of those loose sheets as

with the pedigree charts which we now of the gospel of Jesus Christ, hear the thick as this old family Bible with just use. In the old family Bible, the recvoice when it comes to him, and recoggenealogy, instead of just one or two

ords that were given were, first, a record nize it as true. Then, after becoming sheets in the middle of a book.

of themselves and then of their pos- a member of the Church, he will gather I believe it was worth all of the efterity. Today we make a record of the records that the promises to the forts, and the costs, and the sacrifices,

ourselves and then our ancestors, going fathers may be fulfilled. to build the Kirtland Temple, just to

back in the other direction. The living Many people who join the Church have a place where the keys could be

come first in this work. Many have are the only ones in their family in the restored, if for no other reason, if we

said to me, and I hear the expression Church and are especially assigned and avail ourselves of these blessings. Howoften, "My genealogy is all done. My their special mission is to gather their ever, if we do not avail ourselves of

mother did our genealogy,"or "An aunt genealogy and perform the sealing blessthese blessings, they will not be of did our genealogy,"or "Our father did ings that the fathers may receive the much value to us. We have heard the

our genealogy."But I do not think blessings promised in the promise of record of the microfilms that are availthat very many of such people, if they Elijah. I am reminded of a Japanese able to us, and we have temples availwill investigate and fill the charts simiboy, a convert to the Church here in the able. President Bowring reported the

lar to this one I have here, will find States, who, in fulfilling his obligation other night that there were 2946 endowthat all of their genealogy is done. If in the military service, 'was taken to ments in one day in the Los Angeles

you go back five generations, you have Japan. During his leaves of absence, on Temple; over three million endowments

thirtytwo different lines, and in the his furloughs, he went to Hiroshima in a year in the Church, it was reported.

chart I just showed, going back seven where he found relatives who were more These temples are here, and these generations, you will have 128 different than willing to give him records of his records are here for us to use, brethren lines to follow. You only need to go genealogy, pictures of family members, and sisters. Put them to use that they

ten generations back, and you get 1024 and records. Some were insulted to think may be of value to us and that we may

different lines to follow. that they had not been thought of receive the blessings and that our anGenealogy is not just a chain line. I sooner, and they are continuing to send cestors too may receive these grand and

have a record of a chain line that starts records to him. He unrolled on the floor glorious sealing blessings for all eterwith the Smith family and goes back, of my office a pedigree chart he had nity, I pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

branching off from the Smith family made up which stretched clear across the Amen.

JUNE 1959 463 This is the only dispensation from the We say that in love and consideration beginning that is not to follow that for our fellow men, but it is our duty pattern. to declare that fact, that this is the kingWhen the Lord Jesus Christ came to dom of God established by the Lord

perform his glorious mission in the Jesus Christ and that its mission is to world and established his Church, he fill the earth until the Lord Jesus Christ established it among an apostate people shall come. And we must bear that

who, if they had believed the teachings testimony, and we must bear the reof their prophets, would have received sponsibilities that attach to that testihim as their Messiah. But they crucified mony. Our lives and all that we have

him, so it makes a great difference with and are should be devoted to the upus in our attitude and in our objectives building of this great kingdom preparaand in our mission in the world. tory for our Lord and Savior to come

The statistics given this morning and reign in the earth.

were interesting. We now number Another striking thing that is differover a million and a half people. Some ent in this dispensation from any other

experts have estimated the future dispensation, is that there is involved growth of the Church, and they estithe overcoming of the powers of evil

BUILD UP THE KINGDOM mateestimations,upon recognizedthat in theprinciplesyear 2000,offortysuch incomingthe earth;and thethereendingis involvedof allthenationsoverone years from now, the population of in the earth; and the Lord has deGeorge Q. Morris the Church will be (I must refer to clared that the time will soon come

will taken the be peace from when figures I could believe hardly becauseof the Council of the Twelve the in will devil his the reign earth, and six people, million I see and them) no reason why we should not expect dominion and that the Lord Jesus

Saints. will his reign Christ among so. to that be

sisters, I sindear brethren and My 1:35.) (D&C see to regard So with mission our wecerely for Spirit of the pray the Lord living disare great in that So we to regard world the with and our directto faith for to to your and me all pensation of culmination the when relation to fading the world, not a outassist to that end. history the of the the world and work disdispensation, gospel gospel a but I the have been impressed with of of children the men, among up God is to build that build pensation and principles placed theemphasis upon to of will the time millennium, the be until shall the Christ Lord Jesus come.of this the in conference. gospel And pass. to brought shall to not apostate an group come HeI impressed the have been with emphasis that has been laid upon the prophecy of Israel, but he shall come to the milThese great changes in nations canof Daniel which foretold the setting up lions and millions of Israel who shall not be brought to pass without great

of the kingdom of God, the overcoming be gathered into his Church and kingpolitical upheaval, without wars and of all other kingdoms, and that this dom. This Church and kingdom has calamities that the scriptures make very

kingdom was to stand forever. already been established in the earth, plain will come.

There is a striking and interesting and this is that kingdom. And testiBut bear in mind that the Lord is

difference between this dispensation and monies of God's servants have been directing this world. We are frequentall other dispensations. All other disborne to that fact for one hundred and ly reminded that conditions have been

pensations have faded away in a comtwenty-nine years and will continue to so developed in the powers of warfare paratively short time into apostasy. be borne to that fact to the end. that an accident or a rash move could

desired for many years. My son was When we entered the Holy City, we

released from the SwissAustrian Miswere psychologically and spiritually presion, having completed two and onehalf pared for the wonderful experiences that service. I joined to three foland were him have that day we and the

five elders,THE MESSIAH AND years'other outstanding the in Israel. lowing and few days while I said

THE JEWS of us went to the places made famous to my traveling companions, "I have a and sacred through the life of the feeling of peace and contentment such

Milton R. Hunter Master. We were met at the airport at Tel asin I myhavelife.experiencedIt is aonlyfeelinga fewsimilartimes

of the First Council of the Seventy Aviv by a very outstanding man named to one that I had the first time I enJoseph, a Jew who had fled from Gertered the Sacred Grove or when I go many at the time that Hitler killed four into the house of the Lord."

My dear brethren and sisters, I humor five million of those unfortunate Each of these young men said, "We bly pray that the Spirit of God will people. Joseph spoke several languages are experiencing a similar feeling."

direct me that I may bear my testimony fluently. He was a very cultured perJoseph, our guide, took us from place

this morning along with the testimonies son, a historian by profession before he to place in Jerusalem and described borne by the other brethren. left Germany. He was familiar with many of the important events that had

During the past year I have had sevthe history of Palestine, both the ectaken place in ancient times, especially eral most unusual experiences. I desire clesiastical and the profane, and of those that pertained to the life of Jesus.

this morning to recount one of them. course he told us about numerous hisMy traveling companions hummed the

I had the opportunity to go to the Holy torical events in a very pleasing and tune, "I walked today where Jesus

Land last July, a privilege which I had faithpromoting way. walked."We were thrilled when we

464 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA set in operation those powers which his kingdom. This land has been ocplace, notwithstanding her children are

might destroy our civilization. But let cupied by the blood of Israel from the scattered."(Ibid., 101:1617.)

us bear in mind that this world is in beginning, hidden by thousands of miles "For I, the Lord, rule in the heavens the hands of God. All these things will of ocean from any other group and has above, and among the armies of the

happen only so far as they are in acproduced its scriptures and its prophets earth...."(Ibid., 60:4.)

cordance with his plans and his purand has borne witness to the divinity Let us with all our hearts build up poses. And let us not waste our time of the Lord Jesus Christ. Now, this the kingdom of God, for the time is

and our energy and get into a nervous land will be protected, and the cause coming when gross wickedness and condition about what is going to hapof God will be protected. It is for us corruption will be swept from the

pen to the world. That is not our to devote ourselves with all our hearts earth. God has restored his gospel. It

sphere of responsibility. The Lord will to the building up of this kingdom and is being preached to all the world, so

take care of that. It remains for us to preserve peace in our hearts and not that as many as possible will forsake

be devoted to the upbuilding of his give way to the weakening influences wickedness and join the people of God kingdom and facing whatever conditions that would come from any other attiand become the seed of Israel, the sons may come to us. tude. The Lord says: of Abraham, the followers of and be-

I should like to read what the Lord "I, the Lord, am angry with the lievers in Jesus Christ the Redeemer of has said about that in just a few words, wicked; I am holding my Spirit from the the world. After that, those others

for he has promised that this land that inhabitants of the earth. who will not do that may have to be

he established in the beginning for a "I have sworn in my wrath, and swept away as they war one with anspecial purpose—that Israel should acdecreed wars upon the face of the other and fall into the pits that they dig

complish its destiny in the world earth, and the wicked shall slay the for others.

bringing gospel truth to the world wicked, and fear shall come upon every I bear my humble witness that this is a special land, not only a promised man; Church is the Church of Jesus Christ,

land but also a protected land, and the "And the saints also shall hardly the Creator and Redeemer of the

Lord will protect this land against escape; nevertheless, I, the Lord, am world, that he has set it up through the

the enemies of righteousness. It is for with them, and will come down in Prophet Joseph Smith, a prophet of the

us to be faithful and for all the people heaven from the presence of my Father Living God, and that it is being conof this land, not just the members of and consume the wicked with unducted by the servant of God, David O.

this Church, to be true to its Constituquenchable fire."(Ibid., 63:3234.) McKay, our beloved prophet and leader.

tion and to be true to Jesus Christ, the The Lord has also declared that any And I call the attention of the people

God of this land. (Ether 2:12.) Those powers and forces that fight against of the world and the Saints to the first

are the things that we need to worry Israel and against Zion shall be desection of the Doctrine and Covenants about. Those are the things that we stroyed. which is a formal proclamation to all

need to center our hearts upon. The "For I, the Lord, have put forth my peoples by the Lord God himself, deLord has said that he planned this land hand to exert the powers of heaven; claring that he has restored the gospel

to be choice above all other lands for ye cannot see it now, yet a little while to the world and set up his kingdom the blessings to come to Israel. He also and ye shall see it, and know that I and that his voice calls out to all the

said in exact words: "I established the am, and that I will come and reign world to repent and enter into t that

Constitution of this land,"saying that with my people."(Ibid., 84:119.) kingdom and listen to the voice of his

it was done to preserve our liberties. "Therefore, let your hearts be comservants and disciples whom he has

(D&C 101:80.) forted concerning Zion; for all flesh raised up in these last days.

And the Lord brought about the disis in mine hands; be still and know that This work is the work of God. I bear

covery of this land as a preliminary I am God. this humble witness in the name of

arrangement for the establishment of "Zion shall not be moved out of her Jesus Christ. Amen.

were shown the traditional place where part of the world today. During the told about the birth of Jesus, and have

Christ was born in Bethlehem, the place past few days we had eagerly listened showed us the place where the shepin Jerusalem where he was crucified, to Joseph's accounts of the events that herds were feeding their flocks, as well the spot where he was buried and had occurred during the life of Jesus of where he later rose from the grave. We Nazareth. He had told these stories

were reminded that he met Mary Magwith great faith.

dalene near the tomb before he ascended I said to him, "Joseph, I would like to heaven. All of these events as well to ask you a question."As I think

as numerous other important events about it, it appears, I realize, that I perwhich had occurred in the Holy City haps was a little unfair in taking adwere explained to us in a masterful way. vantage of him as I did.

We went northward to Galilee. There He replied, "If I can answer your

we saw many marvelous things which question, I will be very happy to do recalled to our memories important so."

events connected with the life of Christ. I then said, "You have told us about

One outstanding experience that comes the miraculous things that took place to my mind vividly at this moment at the birth of John the Baptist and occurred in Nazareth. We were standexplained these things with much faith.

ing in front of what is known as "Mary's You have told about the Angel Gabriel's

Well,"the place, according to our appearance to Mary, announcing the guide, where Mary, when a girl went birth of Christ and declaring that he to get water just as the girls do in that would be the Son of God. You have

JUNE 1959 465 said, 'There is where Christ was cruci- I then remarked, "This is my quesfied.'And then you told us that Jesus tion: Do you actually believe that Jesus

had been taken down from the cross and is the Christ, the Savior of the world, buried in Joseph of Arimathea's tomb. the universal Messiah, your Savior, my

You pointed out a spot in a swale to the Savior, and the Savior of the entire south of Golgotha where it is claimed human family?"

that Christ was buried. Then you said He looked very perplexed, a little

that an angel came to the tomb and dumbfounded. When he regained his

rolled the stone away from the door composure he replied, "I suppose that and that Christ was resurrected from the since I am an orthodox Jew that in givdead and appeared first to Mary Maging an answer to that question I am dalene. You have repeated to us many forced to say that I do not accept Jesus

passages of scripture related to the imto be the Christ, the Savior of the portance of Christ's ministry. For exworld, your Savior and my Savior. The

ample, 'Jesus saith unto her [Mary], Jews regard Christ as a great prophet,

Touch me not for I am not yet ascended one of the greatest that has ever lived, to my Father: but go tell my brethren but they do not accept him as the real

and say unto them, I ascend to my Messiah. We are looking for the MesFather, and your Father; and to my God, siah to come."

horn Christ wasas the place This where your God.'"(John 20:17.) in and I to bear I said, want "Joseph, Then

the told us about declares have the universal a manger. statement You famous is Christ, the to Jesus witness you that

new star that appeared at his birth and brotherhood of man and the Fatherhood the Savior of the world, the only true about the wise men who came to see of God. and living Messiah. All the things you

told us into thereafter. said did have ascend that soon Jesus You "Youhim rethings are told us have true—those visits to the that various Christ's declared then heaven, you andabout you which Testament in the corded New

his twelve to visit to time the earth he later was descendedtemple he from Jesus with have accounted much faith.

years old until his last visit there shortapostles. You pointed out that he apChrist broke the bands of death; he not

ly before his crucifixion. You have taken peared to several groups of people folonly rose from the grave, being the first

us to the room which is claimed to be lowing his resurrection. And you have fruits of the resurrection, but he also

the one in which Jesus and his apostles shown us the place of his final ascenmade it possible for all human beings, ate the Last Supper. You maintained sion. regardless of how righteously or how

that that was the place where Christ "You have said that Christ healed the wickedly they live, to rise from the grave.

had appeared to the apostles the day sick and raised the dead, and you have And furthermore, he gave us the gospel of his resurrection. You reminded us shown us various places where he did of Jesus Christ, a plan of salvation,

that the doors and windows were shut those miraculous things. You have promising that if we render obedience

devils, restood cast yet that Christ suddenly locked, out he claimed andand to faithful the end, to remain we it and sight to that the stored midst. their the blind, performed observedin and Jesus

presence into his shall and back come all miracles. of that sorts us a spirit. heapostles showed was thought You

Perceiving their thoughts, he said, '... where he stilled the waves on the Sea dwell with the Father and the Son

handle me, and see; for a spirit hath of Galilee, and where he walked on the forever. Jesus did ascend into heaven.

not flesh and bones, as ye see me have.'waters of that same sea."He now sits on the right hand of the

(Luke 24:39.) You showed us GolJoseph replied, "Yes, I have explained Father, where he reigns as our Lord,

gotha, the Place of the Skulls, and these things to you."our God, our Judge, and our Savior."

Monday Afternoon session, In the midst of today's worldly enwedding invitation. However, only five

April 6, 1959 ticements which are glamorous but dewere wise and by greater vision and ceptive, it is so easy to become careless good works had prepared themselves and digress from the straight and naracceptably for this joyful privilege and life eternal. to permitted entrance to the that leads wedding. The were

foolish theKEEPING THE rowSaviorwayrecognized unprepared virgins were weakness The five of men

COVENANTS to transgress and sin even though they and unready, having procrastinated obpossess the truth and knowledge of all taining oil for their lamps, and when

Delbert L. Stapley gospel ordinances with their requirethey belatedly sought admittance to

ments for salvation. the wedding, the Lord replied, "... I

of the Council of the Twelve His parable of the Ten Virgins teaches know you not."

a profound lesson of great value to his "Watch therefore,"he admonished,

My brothers and sisters, I am indeed disciples, present and future. Its appli- "for ye know neither the day nor the

grateful for your fellowship as we cation reaches into the homes of the hour wherein the Son of man cometh."

assemble in worship in this great conSaints and forewarns of possible un- (Matt. 25:1-13.)

ference of the Church today. I am preparedness on the part of some for I wonder, my brothers and sisters,

grateful for my brethren of the General the great day of his coming. In this which of the two categories we as memAuthorities, for the messages which parable the Savior likened the kingdom bers of the Church fall into? Do we

they have given, so stimulating to our of heaven unto ten virgins, which took and our families belong with the wise faith and, I hope, encouraging to all of their lamps, and went forth to meet the virgins or the foolish? Will we heed

us to keep more faithfully the combridegroom. As members of the Lord's the Savior's warning given in this

mandments of our Lord. kingdom, they were entitled to the parable and make honest and wise

466 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Curiously he asked: "How do you on this glorious visitation by the Etergospel to the Jews. Many of them will

know that all of these things are true?"nal Father. There he told the boy not believe and accept Jesus as the Christ,

I replied, "First, I know these things to join any existing church, but that the Messiah, the Savior of the world.

are true through the power of the Holy he would be the instrument in the In all sincerity, Joseph remarked:

Ghost. The Holy Ghost has borne hands of God through which the true "These are the most marvelous things

witness to my heart that Jesus is the Church would be established in due I have ever listened to in my life. I

Christ, the Savior of the world; and so time. During the following several would like to learn more."He asked

I am as certain that he is as I am sure years, Joseph Smith was taught the true for a copy of Orson Hyde's prayer when that I am alive. It is only through the gospel of Jesus Christ through the minhe dedicated the Holy Land for the repower 'of the Holy Ghost that any peristration of angels and through visitaturn of the Jews, and also for a copy of

son can declare Jesus to be the Christ, tions from Jesus Christ. Acting in the Book of Mormon.

and that we can know that he is the "accordance with divine command, this May God bless us.

Only Begotten of the Father. prophet organized the Church of Jesus I know that Jesus is the Christ, the

"Second, following Christ's death and Christ of Latterday Saints on the 6th Savior of the world, that he is our Reresurrection, he appeared to another day of April, 1830. The Church was deemer, our Lord and our God. May

branch of Israel over in America. These declared by the Lord to be 'the only we keep his commandments and remain

people were called the Nephites. Their true and living church in the world faithful unto the end, that we may

ancestors had come from Jerusalem."with which he was well pleased.'That come back into his holy presence I pray

And then I described the great Church was endowed with all the in Jesus'name. Amen.

storm, the earthquakes, the intense powers, priesthood, authority, doctrines, darkness, and terrific destruction that and ordinances that have been held took place on the western hemisphere by any and all > dispensations from at the time of Christ's* crucifixion. I Adam's day down to the present time.

then told him about the Resurrected It possesses all that is necessary and

Lord's appearance to the inhabitants requisite for the salvation and eternal of ancient America, explaining that he exaltation of the human family.

taught them the gospel and established "Furthermore,"I said, "some day his Church among the Nephites. I also members of the Church of Jesus Christ

explained that for nearly two hundred will bring the gospel to your people, years they were a righteous people, deand then God's covenants with your veloping one of the most perfect societies ancient prophets will all be fulfilled."

that the world has ever known. Finally, Also, I told him that when the Jews

those people dropped into wickedness, repent and accept the gospel of Jesus and then the Nephites as a nation were Christ, which, according to the ancient destroyed by the Lamanites. prophets, will take place at the time

And I further explained: "My third of the fulness of the Gentiles, and when

reason for my positive conviction that they look not for another Messiah to

Jesus is the Christ, the Messiah, and come but accept him who has come as

Savior, lies in the fact that in the spring their Messiah, then God will remember of 1820 he appeared to the Prophet the covenants made with their ancestors.

Joseph Smith, a boy in the state of At that time missionaries of the Church

New York, at a place known today as of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, the Sacred Grove. He was accompanied having the true gospel, will take that

preparation for entrance into his kingwhich lead to happiness, love, and to learn and understand the sacred and dom? Preparation for eternal glory eternal joy. A covenant then is an binding nature of the covenants we acmust go progressively forward every day agreement which includes obligations cept at baptism and the covenants and

of our lives if we are not to be caught and is given as a principle with promobligations associated with all other unprepared when earth life is finished ise of blessings for obedience. ordinances of the gospel found along

or the great day of the Lord comes. The Lord revealed to Moses that if that narrow path which leads to life

As descendants of Abraham, Isaac, the Children of Israel would obey his eternal.

and Jacob we are heirs to all the promvoice and keep his covenant, they During the ministry of Moses, the ises pledged to them and their posterity should be a peculiar treasure unto him Lord gave the Sabbath as a perpetual throughout their generations. We are above all people. (Ex. 19:5.) covenant to Israel throughout their

bound by covenants and obligations to Belonging to the house of Israel, we generations. (Ibid., 31:16.) Faithful

God even as our forefathers were. today are also a covenant people to observance of the Sabbath, freeing it for

Perhaps we should define the meaning whom the choice promises of God ap- a day of worship and meditation, is as and significance of a covenant. In a ply. Blessings, however, are predicated binding upon the people of the world

spiritual application a covenant is a upon faithfulness in keeping the comnow as it was at the time given. The

solemn, binding compact between God mandments of God. Israel was bound Ten Commandments also were given by

and man whereby man agrees to keep by covenants and obligations which way of a covenant and have always been

God's commandments and serve him they were required to keep by sacrifice. in force upon the peoples of the world.

in righteousness and in truth unto the Perhaps in Church assemblies today When the Savior came among men, end. The gospel covenants and obligawe do not stress sufficiently the imporhe established a new covenant and

tions bind Church members to obedience tance of gospel covenants and the Saints'gave a new testament, even the sacrifice to laws and principles given of God obligation to them. It is our duty of his own life for the great cause of

JUNE 1959 467 Early in the history of the Church, in kingdoms of this world."(Discourses

consequence of some who had previously of Brigham Young, p. 160.)

been baptized into other churches and These admonitions and instructions desired to unite with the Restored emphasize the sacred and binding naChurch without yielding to another ture of the covenant which baptism baptism because they considered their.into the Church places upon every soul

former baptism efficacious, the Lord receiving this gospel ordinance.

gave a revelation which made clear and The ordinance of the Sacrament is unmistakable the course which they also a sacred covenant. It reminds us of

should follow. He declared: the great sacrifice of the Son of God

"Behold, I say unto you that all old upon the cross, which makes possible covenants have I caused to be done our redemption, salvation, and, if away in this thing; and this is a new worthy, exaltation and eternal glory.

and an everlasting covenant, even that It also gives us the opportunity to rewhich was from the beginning. new and keep in force the sacred cove-

"Wherefore, although a man should nants and obligations which we have be baptized an hundred times, it availentered into with our God.

eth him nothing, for you cannot enter President David O. McKay made this

truth, of which he was the author. in at the straight gate by the law of choice statement to the Council of the

The new covenant established by our Moses, neither by your dead works."Twelve regarding the blessings of this

Lord, with its obligations, was main- (D&C 22:1-2.) ordinance:

tained for a brief time only. Shortly President Brigham Young added this "What a strength there would be in

after the death of the apostles, spiritual significant contribution to the obligation this Church if next Sunday every memdarkness covered the earth. It was associated with the covenant of bapber who partakes of the Sacrament

not intended that this spiritual darktism: would sense the significance of the coveness should continue always upon the "All Latterday Saints,"said Presinant made in that ordinance—every

earth. The Lord promised that in the dent Young, "enter the new and evermember willing to take upon him the

Dispensation of the Fulness of Times lasting covenant when they enter this name of the Son, a true Christian, all things were to be gathered together Church. The covenant to cease susproud of it, and always remember him,

in Christ in preparation for his glorious taining, upholding and cherishing the in the home, in business, in society, second coming. Today is the Dispenkingdom of the Devil and the kingdoms always remember him and keep his

sation of the Fulness of Times spoken of this world. They enter the new commandments that he has given them.

of. and everlasting covenant to sustain the How comprehensive that blessing and

Through revelation all the ordinances Kingdom of God and no other kinghow significant the covenant we make and covenants belonging to the gospel dom. They take a vow of the most each Sabbath day."

of our Lord have been restored in this solemn kind, before the heavens and This admonition, my brothers and time for the salvation, happiness, and earth, and that, too, upon the validity sisters, we should always remember as eternal life of God's children. of their own salvation, that they will a part of the preparation necessary in

The ordinance of baptism into the sustain truth, and righteousness instead meeting the requirements of the covekingdom of God is a binding covenant of wickedness and falsehood, and build nant of the Sacrament.

upon all who receive that ordinance. up the Kingdom of God, instead of the The Holy Priesthood is accepted by

during those three transcendent years reading many of the passages of scripof his ministry, the most eventful years ture, but I should like to refer to one of history. If we are to get a proper or two.

JESUS THE CHRIST nificanceconcept ofandthesplendormoral andof hisspiritualunique siglife John,"In theinbeginninghis inspiredwas preface,the Word,said:and

—from Bethlehem to Bethany—we must the Word was with God, and the Word

view it in the light of eternity. He was God.

Hugh B. Brown lived his life on this earth at the summit "The same was in the beginning with

of the Council of the Twelve of time, and on the high point of that God.

summit we see the light of the resur- "All things were made by him; and

rection, the most glorious beacon in the without him was not any thing made universe, flashing hope and courage to that was made....

As we are still enjoying the afterglow a benighted world. Let us from that "And the Word was made flesh, and

of Easter, the emphasis throughout this eminence look back—back beyond Eden, dwelt among us, (and we beheld his

great conference has been on the diand there we shall find that Jesus the glory, the glory as of the only begotten vinity of Christ. From the profound Christ was with God the Father in the of the Father,) full of grace and truth."

and scholarly opening address of Presibeginning. (John 1:1-3, 14.)

dent J. Reuben Clark, Jr., Saturday And that beginning must have anteTo this wonderful testimony Paul

morning, through all the sessions of the dated the beginning of which we read adds this corroboration conference, all have borne witness that in Genesis when the earth was created, "For by him were all things created,

Jesus is the Christ, the Son of the Livfor the obvious reason that he was its that are in heaven, and that are in ing God. I cannot hope to add anyCreator. Yes, he lived before time beearth, visible and invisible, whether

thing to what has been said unless, pergan as we understand time. There is they be thrones, or dominions, or prinhaps, emphasis by repetition. ample scriptural evidence to support the cipalities, or powers: all things were

Little is known of the details of the belief that Christ had a premortal existcreated by him, and for him:

Master's sojourn on the earth except ence. Time will not permit quoting or "And he is before all things, and by

468 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA an oath and covenant and is binding for time and for all eternity. Children Now, my brothers and sisters, the

upon those who receive it. They obliborn to them, or later sealed to them, Lord has not left us without instruction

gate themselves to keep faithfully all become theirs, if true and faithful, concerning how the covenants and obthe commandments of God and to throughout all the eternities of time. ligations of the gospel are to be mainmagnify their callings by honoring and What a glorious covenant this is, so tained in our lives. In the revelation

exercising the priesthood in righteousfull of blessings and promise of rich setting forth the oath and covenant ness for the benefit and blessing of rewards. which belongs to the Holy Melchizedek

mankind. Perhaps the sacredness and farreach- Priesthood, the Lord gave this compreLike the Children of Israel of old we, ing effects of all these covenants and hensive warning and advice:

today, cannot meet the obligations of obligations and others unmentioned can "And I now give unto you a comgospel covenants without sacrificing the be summed up in the words of two past mandment to beware concerning yourthings of this world—our personal amPresidents of the Church. selves, to give diligent heed to the words

bitions, our time and means and, if President Wilford Woodruff taught: of eternal life.

need be, membership in every organiza- "'We are under sacred covenants to "For you shall live by every word tion not established for the building up stand by the truth.'... We have rethat proceedeth forth from the mouth

of Zion. ceived the light, the knowledge of God; of God."(D&C 84:4344.)

The Lord has promised that those we are under sacred covenants to stand If we prayerfully meditate this infaithfully another covethe truth, keep and one by by the oath andwho it is in struction, can understand we why

..."(Ibid., will 81.) righteousness. Priesthood be p.nant of the Holy for profitable of us to each be more

given all that he has. And what does President Joseph F. Smith emphasized careful henceforth in observing and

this promise mean? President Wilford with forceful language the obligation keeping our vows with the Lord.

to Saints this the of covenants explanation: LatterdayWoodruff made

is It kept that well to we remember this in of counsel received the the they can and have with Lord name "Who first preexistent in world; estate the our

as this? such language admonition:apprehend Who if it tragic in therefore, be would how these, that, that are the the covenants obeying bycan comprehend "Among

is mortality, of interlude such which all this allcelestial will sin law, cease from that they and Father has from our existence, eternal of part small a our shall will that unrighteousness; they given be unto work us—exaltations, transheritage forget our and should we lives; in their that principalities, righteousness theythrones, power, dominof gress the "and God commandments of intoxicants, the will abstainion use from

all credits there. lose acquired the thus

of strong drinks again, of every President the use from then Woodruff And asks: "... Who can comprehend it?"description, from the use of tobacco, Our safety and happiness lie in keep-

(Discourses of Wilford Woodruff, p. from every vile thing, and from exing fully the commandments of God

79.) tremes in every phase of life; that they and maintaining, through good works,

Can we, my brothers and sisters, will not take the name of God in vain; all obligations connected with the covecomprehend the significance and farthat they will not bear false witness nants entered into with him to the

reaching benefits of this promise? To against their neighbor; that they will end of our days.

realize fully these expectations, the Lord seek to love their neighbors as them- I pray God will give us the strength, has revealed another covenant, the new selves; to carry out the golden rule of my brothers and sisters, to do so, for

and everlasting covenant of marriage, the Lord, do unto others as they would our joy and happiness, which I ask which binds together by the authority that others should do unto them."humbly in the name of Jesus Christ.

of the Holy Priesthood, man and wife (Gospel Doctrine, p. 107.) Amen.

him all things consist."(Colossians "What and if ye shall see the Son of "Behold, he cometh with clouds; and

1:1617.) man ascend up where he was before?"every eye shall see him, and they also

And the writer of Hebrews adds: (Ibid., 6:6162.) which pierced him:..."(Revelation

"God, who at sundry times and in These proofs of Christ's preexistence 1:7.)

divers manners spake in time past unto confirm our faith in the immortality of "And when I saw him, I fell at his the fathers by the prophets. the soul for if the spirit had an existfeet as dead. And he laid his right hand

"Hath in these last days spoken unto ence before the body was created, so upon me, saying unto me, Fear not; I

us by his Son, whom he hath appointed that spirit is capable of independent am the first and the last:

heir of all things, by whom also he made existence after the body dies. "I am he that liveth, and was dead;

worlds:"(Hebrews 1:1-2.) The fact that he came forth from the and, behold, I am alive for evermore,

Jesus himself referred to his pretomb with spirit and body reunited..."(Idem, 1718.)

existence many times; for instance he and this is the central fact in the teachJohn continues

I heard a greatsaid: ings of the apostles—gives divine assur- "And after these things

"For I came down from heaven, not ance that we too, through his atoning voice of much people in heaven, saying, to do mine own will, but the will of sacrifice, shall partake of the blessings Alleluia; Salvation, and glory, and honhim that sent me."(John 6:38.) of the resurrection. Hearken to his our, and power, unto the Lord our

And then in that greatest of all prayers promise: God:...

we find the poignant passage: "... I am the resurrection, and the "And he hath on his vesture and on

"And now, O Father, glorify thou me life: he that believeth in me, though he his thigh a name written, KING OF

with thine own self with the glory which were dead, yet shall he live: KINGS, AND LORD OF LORDS."

I had with thee before the world was.""And whosoever liveth and believeth (Ibid., 19:1, 16.)

(Ibid., 17:5.) in me shall never die...."(Ibid., 11:25Furthermore:

At another time he chidingly spoke to 26.) "And I saw a new heaven and a new

his uncomprehending followers and And let us read together the words of earth: for the first heaven and the first

said: John, written while he was on the Isle earth were passed away; and there was

"... Doth this offend you? of Patmos, as recorded in Revelation, no more sea.

JUNE 1959 469 am Alpha and Omega, the beginning half of it toward the south."(Ibid.,

and the end "(Ibid., 21:2, 6.) 14:4.)

Zechariah said that when the Master We proclaim the preexistence and shall appear he will stand on the Mount divine nature of Christ, the purpose of of Olives, and the mount shall be cleft his life, the reality of his resurrection in twain, and they beholding the and the certainty of his second coming wounds in his hands shall ask whence as eternal and wellattested truths and these wounds, and he shall reply, prophetic promises. They have illumi-

"... Those with which I was wounded nating and inspiring significance for our

in the house of my friends."(Zechariah troubled world. They are our heritage

13:6.) from the JudeoChristian world, clari-

"And his feet shall stand in that day fied and amplified by modern revelation.

upon the mount of Olives, which is beThey are relevant to our time and fore Jerusalem on the east, and the age, which, as Adlai Stevenson recently "And I John saw the holy city, new Mount of Olives shall cleave in the pointed out, "is a time of conflict of

Jerusalem, coming down from God out midst thereof toward the east and toideology, as a time of ferment in techof heaven, prepared as a bride adorned ward the west, and there shall be a very nology, a period of revolution in scifor her husband... great valley; and half of the mountain ence,... an era when at last the means

"And he said unto me, It "is done. I shall remove toward the north, and lie at hand to free mankind from the

Cosmic Rays,"in which scientists were ocean of truth lay all undiscovered telling what had been discovered and before me."

what the current thinking was about I think the motive of it all is an everwhat had been discovered. They had present and everinsistent question:

of this conhas of distinguished motive selected panel a been the men WhatTHE MOTIVE of the ference? history, motive is the recalled from including some What

celebrated names. I think Charles gospel? What is the motive of all this

Richard L. Evans Dickens was among them, and Edgar teaching, all this traveling, all this misof the Council of the Twelve Allen Poe, and Dostoyevsky, the eminent sionary endeavor? Of all the work and

Russian writer, men who were, in a the effort and the struggle of life, of all measure, sitting in judgment on the the striving, all the learning, all the work of the scientists. living?

I have in my library, I think, the con- I made some notes at that time, and Blessedly the Lord God has told us ference addresses so far as they are availalthough they are cold and not rewhat the motive of it all is, and it is able back to the beginning, including checked, they have been running no small motive, pertaining not only to the Journal of Discourses, and I think through my mind. The men of scitime nor to life on earth. It is a moall the conference pamphlets or disence asked this panel to appraise their tive pertaining to eternity, and the great

courses published since then. In each findings, first bringing attention to the summarizing sentence of the motive,

one is a statement of counsel, of eternal fact that the universe is a unified whole, of course, has already been recalled in principles, of commandments, of practhat there is evidence of planning and this conference a number of times. The

tical advice for the day in which we intelligence and order and law throughLord God himself has declared it to be live. out the entire universe. his purpose and his glory to bring to

This conference in which we have Then one of the witnesses, before he pass the immortality and eternal life now sat nearly three days is no excepwould commit himself to an opinion, of man.

tion to that. With you I have marveled asked a -very significant question, which The motive is happiness; it is peace;

at the breadth and the depth of the one is always disposed to ask in mystery it is progress; it is everlasting life, and

advice here given, the need for it, and stories: "What is the motive of it all? not just a few short days or a few short

the manner in which it touches the You have told us about space. You years. It is a motive of such consequence

needs of the day in which we live. We have told us about the earth. You and such endlessness that it transcends

have been fed. Our lives have been have told us about cosmic rays, and all else. It is this for which we do all

enriched and steadied and encouraged life, and atoms, and all the natural we do, this for which we gather, this in all things pertaining to life, and I phenomena. What is the motive of for which we teach, encourage, and bear

feel to express the gratitude of my it all?"Then they concluded, as I witness to each other, this for which

heart for these recurring conferences recall, that they did not know enough we remind each other of these great and when we get together for reminder and about the motive of it all, and suggested everlasting things of life.

renewal of faith, and of witness, and that the panel come back fifty years "But when the Pharisees had heard of instruction in eternal truth. hence and see whether they were any that he had put the Sadducees to silence,

Some time ago, as I am sure many closer to an answer—with the scientists they were gathered together.

of you have done, I saw a rather unthemselves conceding that however "Then one of them, which was a usual documentary film produced by much they may have discovered, they lawyer, asked him a question, tempting the Bell Telephone system, in which were like Newton, who said: "I do not him, and saying,

a panel of scientists and others were know what I may appear to the world, "Master, which is the great comreviewing the great breadth of creabut to myself I seem to have been only mandment in the law?

tion: this world, and men, and space like a boy playing on the seashore, and "Jesus said unto him, Thou shalt love

beyond. It was developed as if it were diverting myself in now and then findthe Lord thy God with all thy heart,

a mystery story, and was called, as I ing a smoother pebble or a prettier and with all thy soul, and with all thy remember, "The Strange Case of the shell than ordinary, whilst the great mind.

470 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ancient shackles of pain and hunger. ened with a devastating and final war. of these glorious truths. Indeed, as

It is all these things, but the true crisis The truculent and blasphemous atPaul said:

of our times lies at a deeper level. All tempts of communist ideologies to erase "That at the name of Jesus every knee

this freedom and elbow room only Christ from their literature and to exshould bow,...

thrusts onto us with more force the punge all memory of him from the hearts "And that every tongue should confundamental issue of the faith that is and minds of men, in order to degrade fess that Jesus Christ is Lord, to the in us."and enslave men, must fail, for as God glory of God the Father."(Philippians

As the late A. Powell Davies said: made man in his own image, so his 2:1011.)

"The world is too dangerous for anyimage is indelibly stamped on the souls We humbly but fearlessly add to the thing but truth and too small for anyof men, and instinctively they know that testimonies of the prophets and apostles thing but brotherhood."they are the sons of God. of old our own witness that he lives,

There must be a reaffirmation of the The challenge of evil with its inthat he is a personal being, that he truths concerning the fatherhood of evitable confusion tends to make the will come again with his resurrected,

God, the Godhood of Christ, and the relevance of Christ's life and message glorified body still bearing the marks of brotherhood of man. Truths for which more apparent and the application of the crucifixion and that there is none

the Savior gave his life. Truth and his divine teachings more urgent. other name under heaven given among

brotherhood, love of God and fellow It would be cowardly almost to the men whereby we must be saved, to men, will make men free and estabpoint of treason to dilute, water down, which I testify in the name of Jesus lish peace in a world which is threatand make insipid the soulsaving power Christ. Amen.

"This is the first and great commanddo for ourselves. was. He endeavored to tell us how

ment. Now, as we go from here and ask many atoms each man had in his physi-

"And the second is like unto it, Thou ourselves what comes of all of this, cal anatomy, and we thought we were shalt love thy neighbour as thyself. what the motive of it all is, and what something very considerable when he

"On these two commandments hang life is, I think we have the summary said that we each had an octillion all the law and the prophets."(Matthew in the lines given and so oft repeated, atoms in us, in our physical frames.

22:3440.) "to bring to pass the immortality and Then he tried to tell us what an octillion

I read into this something, or would eternal life of man,"and no shortis. He said if it should start to rain

like to read into it today, something sighted decisions and no shortsighted peas, just ordinary garden peas, and which is not always read into it: I think objectives should ever be the determinrain peas four feet deep over the whole

this implies not only that we should ing factors of our lives. face of the earth, water and land surlove our neighbors, but in a very sin- I was impressed this morning with face included, and then rain peas four

cere and real and unselfish way we the counsel of Brother George Q. Morris feet deep over 250,000 planets this size,

take ourselves. live also in love or advisingshould I think us to be an the our that go forth would and

feel to lives or intended that purpose, have notLord a few, with steady must more worry and we God less.octillion—giveWe began

should have a high regard and respect too much about the uncertainties and quite puffed up and important. Then

for ourselves as well as a high regard about the things we do not know. I he said if you squeeze out all the space

and respect for other men. would leave this counsel with our youth: between all the atoms in and between

I am thinking of a line from Ruskin, We all live in uncertainties, and we the electrons and all the component in which he said: "There is no wealth always have. All generations have, and parts of these atoms, you would then

but life."The life each of us has is, if we were so concerned about the unbe about as big as a speck of dust. Then

after all, the sum and substance of all certainties that we did not make solid we began to acquire our humility back that we have in time and in eternity. preparations for the future and turn in again.

And I think no intelligent man would a solid performance we should have But beyond all the atoms, he witever deliberately do anything which wasted life. With a calm, quiet peace nessed to us as a scientist, memory is

would not make him happy. I cannot and purpose, and with prayer in our perpetuated; man is more than a

think of an intelligent man's doing what hearts, and with the clean living of machine; and there is something eterwould make him unhappy. I think life and the keeping of the commandnal which persists always and everlastwhen we err, we err in that we lose our ments, we ought to go forward into the ingly. That, of course, we knew by

sense of values or our sense of direcfuture and lay as broad a base and acother witnesses. Life is everlasting, and

tion, or do not quite have in mind what quire as much knowledge and prepare the motive we know, and the purposes will make us happy or unhappy. All ourselves as well, and serve as well as of our Father we know. His plans we

the motive, all the commandments, all we can or ever could, despite all ominous know in sufficient amount to help us the counsel of God, all this great effort threats and all else that seems to disturb to realize them in their fullest and of living and of life, all the striving, the present scene. highest if we will, and I leave my witthe learning and all else, should make From a young missionary's report ness with you as to the truth of the

us basically happy. Our Father had given a few nights ago came a sentence counsel which has been given in this

no other motive for us but our happithat was great in its implications. Speakconference, as to the prophetic leaderness, our peace, and progress and limiting of enduring to the end, he said: ship which we. are privileged in this

less life with our loved ones everlast- "We must not only endure, but we must day and generation to have, and as to ingly, ever with accomplishment, ever prevail."the great motive which supersedes all

with growth, ever with opportunity, There is great motive; there is great the transitory things of life, to the realever with the highest possibilities that purpose. As has been asked through all ization of which I pray God we may

the Lord God could help his children the ages, "What is Man?"I recall a leave here and rededicate ourselves and

to realize in life—this is the motive, this scientist's answer to a great group of teach our children, and devote all the

is the source of happiness, of service, men last summer as he suggested some effort and earnestness we have within of all we do for each other, of all we elements of the answer as to what man us, in Jesus'name. Amen.

JUNE 1959 471 ing of angels, and is declared unto the of God in this day and age. We go to

world by them the ends of the earth to proclaim this "Proving to the world that the holy unto the children of men and if they scriptures are true, and that God does will but listen to the direction and the inspire men and call them to his holy inspiration of the prophets of God we work in this age and generation, as well could be led from our dilemma and as in generations of old; from the disillusionment that settles

"Thereby showing that he is the over the earth today.

same God yesterday, today, and for- I read recently of a statement of ever. Amen. Winston Churchill which gives some

"Therefore, having so great witnesses, evidence of the need of inspired direcTHE NEED FOR byas themmany shallas shallthe worldhereafterbe judged,come toevena tion"As thein theyearsearthgo today,by, theforprocesssaid he,of of this work. in suppose every modgovernment—I

receive it in faith,INSPIRED LEADERSHIP knowledge"And those in certainly who ern country and our own

Alvin R. Dyer and work righteousness, shall receive a grows ever more complicated and burcrown of eternal life; densome....

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve "But those who harden their hearts "I have perhaps a longer experience in unbelief, and reject it, it shall turn than almost anyone, and I have never

I have learned a little more realisticalto their own condemnation brooded over a situation which dely what is meant by the scripture, "he "For the Lord God has spoken it; and manded more patience, composure,

that endureth to the end."Brother we, the elders of the church, have heard courage and perseverance than that

Hinckley says it is "the survival of the and bear witness to the words of the which unfolds itself before us today."

fittest."I do not know what that means, glorious Majesty on high, to whom be Is there a need for a prophet of God?

but I do know this, that what has been glory forever and ever. Amen."(Ibid., The answer is yes. Look at the evisaid at this conference has greatly in20:7-16.) dences of this. The world of politics

creased my faith and testimony and This had a profound effect upon and relationships between nations is desire to serve the Lord. these men, and I was grateful to leave not improving since that statement

In the few minutes that I shall ocmy witness with them as to the premise was made, in fact they have grown cupy I should like to testify of the for the organization of God's Church worse. There is a worldwide lack of

prophets and read to you from section Upon the earth in this day and time. trust between peoples. We stand each

one of the Doctrine and Covenants Some years ago there appeared an dawn, as it were, on the brink of open these words: article in Fortune magazine, which had hostilities.

"Wherefore, I the Lord, knowing the to do with the failure, according to the Atomic and hydrogen power, with calamity which should come upon the editors and authors of this article, of their many implements of destruction, inhabitants of the earth, called upon the Christian churches of America to serve only to add to the menace of my servant Joseph Smith, Jun., and supply the needed inspiration for the our way of living. The pressure conspake unto him from heaven, and gave direction of the Christian churches in ditions under which we live today are

him commandments."(D&C 1:17.) this land. This article has very retaking a tremendous toll in heart and

I had an experience some few months cently been referred to by one of our mental disturbances. The status of

before I left the mission field, of a noted educators from the West Coast, home life, spiraling trends of drunkenministerial association from one of the Dr. Robert Gordon Sproul, president ness, surging infidelity in the home of

states in our mission, writing a letter of the University of California. I read husband and wife, with an overall

and saying that they were receiving from this article, which stresses the laxity of morals among both young and everincreasing inquiries about the need of divine direction in the Christian old, increased personal and community

Mormon Church and would we please churches of America. I quote: delinquencies all pointing to a growing

supply them with literature and in- "We have the peculiar spectacle of disregard for the worth of the individual.

formation. We did this, and I had a nation which, to a limited extent, One would have to be blind not to

occasion also to visit the headquarters practices Christianity without actively recognize these disastrous trends and of this association. And there in the believing in Christianity. We are asked the need of divine direction to save

presence of a number of these men, to turn to the Church for our enlightthose who will hear, understand, and and some of them were ministers, had enment, but when we do this we find follow the truth. The ancient Prophet

the opportunity of explaining to them that the voice of the Church is not Amos declared, that God would do the premise under which the Church inspired. The voice of the Church nothing, save he reveal his mind and

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints had today is the echo of our own voices. will to his servants the prophets. (See

been organized. And the result of this experience, alAmos 3:7.) The need of the mind and

I took occasion at that time to read ready manifest is disillusionment.... will of our Heavenly Father, through his

to them from section twenty of the "The way out,"continues Dr. Sproul, servant, a prophet, is greatly in evidence.

Doctrine and Covenants, and I would "is the sound of a voice, not our voice, I want to leave my testimony, my like to read to you what I read to them, but a voice coming from somewhere brethren and sisters, that God does live beginning with verse 7: not ourselves, in the existence of which and that he and* his Son, Jesus Christ,

"And gave unto him [meaning Joseph we cannot disbelieve. are at the helm, and that prophets have

Smith] commandments which inspired "It is the task of the pastors to hear been raised up from the very inception him; this voice, cause us to hear it, and to of this Church, commencing with

"And gave him power from on high, tell us what it says. If they cannot hear Joseph Smith and others who have

by the means which were before preit, or if they fail to tell us what it says, followed him, and that we are blessed pared, to translate the'Book of Morwe, as laymen, are wholly lost. to have standing at the head of the

mon; "Without it we are no more capable Church today and directing us, a

"Which contains a record of a fallen of saving the world, than we were prophet of God, and if the children of people, and the fulness of the gospel capable of creating it in the first place."men would but listen to the voice of

of Jesus Christ to the Gentiles and to I think one of the great messages of that prophet we all could be led away the Jews also; this Church is to declare unto the from the difficulties that are oppressing

"Which was given by inspiration, and world that God has raised up a prophet us this very day. I bear this record in

is confirmed to others by the ministerand that there is a need for a prophet the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

472 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The grasshopper who came to dinner

What a pest! This uninvited guest eats your family's more difficult to control. And protecting our food supply

dinner while the food is still growing. Together with is becoming more important, for by 1970 there will be

other insects, he destroys more than four billion dollars'an additional 36 million people in the United States.

worth of U. S. crops each year. That's why one of our most important jobs is creating

Standard's scientists are at work on new and better better ORTHO* pest controls. Through research that

insecticides to help farmers reduce these losses. Since helps farmers provide more food for a growing population,

1907, we've developed more than 650 products for every the people at Standard are planning ahead to serve general plant disease and insect problem... from home you better.

garden products to agricultural pest controls. Last year

alone, these products helped save enough food of all kinds to feed more than a million people.

*ORTHO pesticides and fertilizers are made by Standard's

While this is encouraging progress, the battle never whollyowned subsidiary, California SprayChemical Corp.,

ends. Insects are developing hardier strains which are and sold in 75 Free World countries.

vmrnmU STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

JUNE 1959 473 and in thy seed (that is, thy Priest-'May I now show how these principles hood)"and now note particularly what work by using myself as the illustrafollows; it is the heart and core of tion. I have received the gospel; I have

all the promises made to the fathers been baptized under the hands of a "for I give unto thee a promise that this legal administrator; Lhave received the

right shall continue in thee, and in thy gift of the Holy Ghost—all of which

seed after thee (that is to say, the literal has put me on a path leading to an seed, or the seed of thebody) shall all inheritance of salvation in the celestial the families of the earth be blessed, world. Also, I have gone to the temple

even with the blessings of the Gospel, and been sealed to one of God's choicest which are the blessings of salvation, handmaidens and have thereby obtained even of life eternal."(Abraham 2:7-11.) a place on the path leading to an inIn the nearly four thousand years heritance of eternal life in the highest

since Abraham, uncounted millions of heaven of the celestial world. By obedihis literal seed have lived in the world, ence I have power to press forward

most of them in a day when the gospel, and obtain these great rewards.

with its saving ordinances and truths, Because I have some understanding was not found among men. Yet the and realization of the glory, importance,

Lord promised Abraham, their father, and worth of these gospel blessings,

SALVATION, A FAMILY thatfrom thesehim, thesemillionsmillionswho havewho aresprunghis theredesire hasto havecome myinto childrenmy heartaftera greatme literal inheritors of hosts seed, these his posterity of the identical become sameAFFAIR a blessings received, so I portion of a major that I have who comprise and multitude of nations, that all these are strive to bring up my children in light

Bruce R. McConkie entitled by lineage and as of right to and truth. Next to my own salvation

of the First Council of the Seventy the blessings of the priesthood, of the and that of my wife, there is nothing gospel, of salvation, and of eternal life. so important to me as the salvation of

May I here note that in order for rrif children. "*

May I call attention to the great gosmen to gain salvation in the kingdom Further, because I know the priceless pel truth that salvation is a family of God, they must receive the ordinances worth of the gospel and the blessings affair, that it is attained in and through, of baptism and of the laying on of that flow from it, I have a desire that by and because of families. hands for the receipt of the Holy Ghost; my ancestors—those who lived when

For a text, may I read the words and in order for them to gain eternal the gospel was not on earth and who quoted by Moroni to Joseph Smith on life, which is the fulness of the Father's have not had the privileges which arethe evening of September 21, 1823: kingdom, and be jointheirs with his mine—I have. a great desire that they

"Behold, I will reveal unto you the Son, they must in addition enter into also should be inheritors of these blessPriesthood, by the hand of Elijah the the ordinance of celestial marriage. ings. In other words, the promises

prophet, before the coming of the great Now by revelation the Lord in our made to, the fathers have been planted and dreadful day 6f the Lord. day has singled out and identified the in my heart, and I am obligated to act

"And he shall plant in the hearts of children in whose hearts. the promises as a minister for the salvation of those

the children the promises made to the made to the fathers have been planted. in my line who have lived and died

fathers, and the hearts of the children To the elders of the Church in this without having the gospel preached shall turn to their fathers. day he said: to them.

"If it were not so, the whole earth "Thus saith the Lord unto you, withAnd now, if I do what I should, I would be utterly wasted at his coming."whom the priesthood hath continued r will search out and identify those who

(D&C 2:1-3.) through the lineage of your fathersrhave gone before in my lineage, and

Now, what were the promises made "For ye are lawful heirs, according to will see that the ordinances of salvato the fathers? Since the coming of the flesh, and have been hid from the tion and exaltation are performed for

Elijah, on April 3, 1836, in what way world with Christ in God them.

have these promises been planted in "Therefore your life and the priestSalvation is: a family affair. It is I,

the hearts of the children? hood have remained, and must needs my wife, my children, and my ancestors.

In answer, and by way of illustration, remain through you and your lineage It is you, your wives, your children, may I read one of the greatest promuntil the restoration of all things spoken and your ancestors. Salvation is a

ises ever made to the fathers, one which by the mouths of all the holy prophets family affair.

is perhaps preeminent above all others. since the world began. In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

To Abraham the Lord said: "Therefore, blessed are ye if ye con-

"... I am the Lord thy God;... tinue in my goodness, a light unto the

this priesthood, and through is Jehovah, and name I know the Gentiles, "My NIGHTHAWK

Israel. a savior unto... The my people beginning; theend from

"And I will make of thee a great Lord hath said it."(D&C 86:8-11.) by Ruby Zagoren

nation, and I will bless thee above Well, we are latterday Israel; we are

measure, and make thy name great part of the seed of Abraham; we hold the When evening darkens country skies

among all nations, and thou shalt be a power and authority of this priesthood; And trees become black silhouettes,

blessing unto thy seed after thee, that we are a light to the gentile nations, Dark forms rehearse their pirouettes thisin their as a result bear they shall hands minand we are under command allistry nations; to carry of salvation Priesthood to In twilight's hush, in chastened air. unto the message and

"And I will bless them through thy them. But we are also chosen and apThe silent wings pursue and hover

name; for as many as receive this Gospointed to be saviors to Israel itself, to With gentle dusk as partial cover.

pel shall the seed be called after and the thy name, whole of Abraham—to

shall of kingdom"the In summer sunshine he belies thy seed, nation of people be accounted and shall and rise up and bless thee, as their father; chosen lineage, who have lived in all His name by dipping his white chin

azure skies. "And I will bless them that bless the days since Abraham—whether they In warm and

thee, and curse them that curse thee; lived when the gospel was here or Yes, I have seen him drag his shadow

and in thee (that is, in thy Priesthood) whether they did not. Across the sunfilled meadow. >

474 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA fft&fe/, IJmpL o>v PiwvumuL..

Strawberries are so-o-o good!

Strawberries are so delicious and can be eaten in so many different delicious ways that it's no wonder they've always been such a family favorite.

Used in fruit cups, fruit salads, gelatins, ice cream, cobblers, pies, / I short cake, or just with cream and sugar, strawberries add appeal to any meal. lOn*.

Preserved or made into jam, you can enjoy them all year round as t spreads, or as toppings for pancakes, puddings and ice cream. And of course $4

strawberries and U and I Sugar go hand in hand. Make sure you're prepared SUGAR

for the big berry season ahead: check up on your sugar supply now. fill fitag

e And remember: you can't buy a finer, purer sugar than homeproduced U and I Sugar. *

JUNE'. 1-959... 475

.'

but there was not a thing in them. sionaries. With that thought in mind

Mother wept bitterly. She went to her I should like to suggest a five point

box and got a little apple and cut it in program for the membership of the little tiny pieces and that was our Church, a program which I feel is easy

Christmas, but I have never forgotten of attainment, and which would prove to this day how I loved her dear little fruitful to this great c&ise.

hands as she was cutting that apple."1. That we cultivate in our homes a

(Hannah Daphne Smith Dalton) proper attitude toward missionary serv-

A few years ago I did some research ice. We enjoy the blessings we so

on the discovery of gold in California, greatly treasure because of those who in which men of the Mormon Battalion have gone before us. Out of a sense of

participated. I learned that while men appreciation, out of simple gratitude,

were traveling westward over land and we should make an effort to extend sea in search of gold, missionaries from these same blessings to others. Our

these valleys were traveling eastward young people have an obligation to preover land and sea in search of souls. pare themselves for missionary service.

And the days of sacrifice are not over. As We should also build the attitude

PREPARE FOR youstatisticsheardthatthisweremorningread toamongyou, thethe thatnothingthereof ais holidaynothingin ofthisa greatvacation,misIt is service. sionary hard, at times and

discouraging, LastMISSIONARY SERVICE parentslast yearandsentfriendsthem ofbetweenour missionariesfive and work. year misour

six million dollars. That money was sionaries averaged sixtyseven hours a

Gordon B. Hinckley spent not only in dollars, but also in week in actual proselyting effort. Let

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve pounds and shillings, in crowns and those who contemplate missions realize kroner, in francs, and marks, in yen, in that they will work as they have never pesos, and cruzeros. worked before, and that they may exMy brethren and sisters, I seek the Add to that the value of the time of pect such joy as they have not previously

Spirit of the Lord that what I say may the missionaries. Estimate it conservaknown.

be consonant with the inspirational tively at another five or six million 2. That we foster training for misthings to which we have listened during dollars, and you have a consecration of sionary service. One of the great comthe past three days. As I look into your at least ten million dollars a year for the pliments paid the Savior was that he

faces, I see the fulfilment of prophecy. purpose of declaring the reality and pertaught as one having authority. The

In your presence I see a realization of sonality of God, the deep meaning of missionary who knows scripture and the words of Jeremiah: "... I will take the Atonement, and the restoration of can quote it speaks with the voice of

you one of a city, and two of a family, the Lord's Church, guided by apostles authority. It is not essential to memoand I will bring you to Zion. and prophets. rize five hundred citations, nor even

"And I will give you pastors accord- I think you may be interested in three hundred. Fifty well chosen verses

ing to mine heart, which shall feed you these remarkable words of the Prophet of scripture will become a remarkably with knowledge and understanding."Joseph Smith written in 1842, two years effective tool in the hands of a mis-

(Jer. 3:1415.) before his death: sionary. May I suggest that in our

You are here, each of us is here, en- "... no unhallowed hand can stop family night gatherings we make it a

joying the blessings of the Lord because the work from progressing; persecutions project to memorize one scripture citathe servants of the Lord have gone may rage, mobs may combine, armies tion a week pertinent to this work. At

into the world to teach the glad tidings may assemble, calumny may defame, the conclusion of a year our children of the gospel for the blessing of our but the truth of God will go forth will have on their lips a fund of scripFather's children. More than eighty boldly, nobly, and independent, till it ture which will remain with them

thousand of them have gone. They has penetrated every continent, visited throughout their lives.

have given more than two hundred every clime, swept every country, and 3. That we make financial preparathousand manyears of dedicated servsounded in every ear, till the purposes tion. Missionary work, like everything

ice. I am sure that few of us appreciate of God shall be accomplished and the else, has become more costly. I was

the cost, the heartaches, the sorrows, Great Jehovah shall say the work is heartened by my experience in interthe sacrifices, and the results of this done."(History of the Church IV:540.) viewing a young man in Arizona remagnificent effort. That is the magnitude of our mission, cently. I asked whether he had a

I read the other day a story written brethren and sisters, and it shall not sincere desire to go on a mission. He

by a little girl whose father was on a be accomplished until the Great Jehovah replied, "I have wanted to go since I mission in Denmark when she and shall say the work is done. was seven, and, moreover, since that

her mother lived in Parowan. She I am sure we are all gratified by the time I have saved for it. I have $1600

writes: many good things said concerning the in the bank to make certain that I shall

"My little mother had to work like Church. We are deeply grateful for have the means to go."A little at a

a slave to keep her children while the opportunities of radio and teletime, systematically saved, will assure

Father was on his mission. I remember vision, and the generosity of the public our children that the necessary means

how every night she would spin, and press, all of which help to build a will be available when a missionary how in the daytime, I would split fine favorable atmosphere in which to teach call comes.

splinters off from the pitchy wood, and the gospel. But I am confident that 4. That we see that our public and

at night I would sit with her and tend the time will never come when we shall private deportment backs up the misthe baby and keep holding and lighting not need vigorous men and women of sionary cause. No member of this

these pitchy sticks for her to see to faith to go into the world as missionaries Church can let down his standards spin by, and how I would cry when for this cause. We have never found, without throwing an obstacle in the

I went to bed to think my sweet little and I think we never shall find, an way of those who are striving to teach mother had to work so hard.... adequate substitute for the situation the gospel in the world. Likewise, no

"I remember the Christmas of 1862. in which two wholesome young men member can uphold the standards of

All of us children hung up our stockmeet with a family, reason with them, the Church in public and private life ings. We jumped, up early in the teach them, testify to them, and pray without reflecting strength to the cause.

morning to see what Santa had brought, with them. We shall always need mis- 5. Finally, that we all get the mission476 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Some fun... this summertime lookin'on 5. You'll

get continued and consistent good programming... no

letdown during the summer months... no ups and

downs due to special audience surveys. Get in on the five

plan... programming with you in mind all through the

year.

KSLTV your "all year"station!

JUNE 1959 477 ary spirit, that we seek opportunities experience indicates that forty percent to teach the gospel, to distribute the of the referrals given them join the

Book of Mormon, to let people know Church. Think of it! Forty percent

what we believe. I am having a deof the names sent to them result in

lightful correspondence with a man in convert baptisms! In the British MisEngland with whom I struck up consion at one time it was discovered that

versation on a plane while flying across sixtyeight percent of those who had their into the had come Church made Atlantic. the read has the now He

first doctrines the acquaintance with of our and some Book of Mormon of the Church. through members

literature. to note pleased other I am sisters, this assignbrethren and My

toin attitude his a significant change to to gospel teach belongs the ment ward the Church. of us, not only to the fiftyfive hundredall

One of the most fruitful sources of devoted men and women who presently contact for our missionaries lies in are serving in the field. It belongs to

referrals sent to them. A member of each of us, and we shall not be through

the Church will suggest to an assowith it until the Great Jehovah shall ciate or a relative that he invite the say the work is done.

missionaries to come to his home. God help us to sense and fulfil our

President J. Leonard Love tells me that mission honorably, I pray in the name

in the Northern California Mission their of Jesus Christ. Amen.

tributed to its inspiration and success. in practice in weeks that have gone

Will all who have participated in the by, resulting in the inspiration of their

CLOSING ADDRESS acceptinspirationof theof gratitudethese gatheringsof our hearts.please singingLord blessto thisyou congregationyoung people.today.We Theare

The singing for this session, as we proud of you! We have enjoyed your

President David O. McKay have already informed you, has been presence as well as your inspirational

furnished by the Ricks College choir singing. May the Lord's protecting care

under the direction of Chester W. Hill, be with you as you go back to your

And now we come to that moment with Frank W. Asper at the organ. homes, and may this experience ever

when we should like to express our We wish to express appreciation to these be a happy memory for you, as it will thanks and appreciation. We have had young men and women of the Ricks be for all of us.

a glorious conference. Many have conCollege for the hours they have spent I should like to express again our

[Z JV<[ I O

the finest carpeting is not too fine to grace the interior of your church..

Commercial carpets have to take continual wear, continual cleaning and still look good year after year... and the carpets

in your church must also have soundabsorbing qualities,

it. Reasonably priced at $10 per square yard, installed. PEOPLE WHO KNOW.. dograce and dignity. Bigelow '-Gropoinf is one carpet that can

See it... or any of Bigelow's vast selection... in ZCMI

Carpets, third floor. buy BiqelowRUGS **AND CARPETS

To save time, phone EM 3-1575 giving your color preference and the best time for our salesman to call...

478 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA appreciation to the Brigham Young

University combined choruses. They

occupied these seats last Saturday-—another choice group of young people. We

cannot help feeling confident that the

Church is in good hands when we see such representatives of youth as have participated in this conference.

We wish to express appreciation to the Tabernacle Choir, and the Tabernacle Choir men's chorus for their participation during the various sessions of our annual conference. Fortyfive thousand two hundred eightyseven

men of the priesthood were moved by the inspirational singing of those young men from the choir last Saturday night.

We are not unmindful of the public press and you reporters for your fair and accurate reports throughout sessions of the conference. We want the

city officials to know that we are not unmindful of the help they have rendered during the last five days, to Chief

W. Clcon Skousen, and his associates,

the traffic officers—in handling increased

traffic, for the fire department, and the Red Cross, who stood on hand ready for an emergency; for you tabernacle ushers who have rendered service early and late in seating the great

audiences.

We are grateful for the radio and **. I love your new deep - textured Bigelow, Edith"television service—twentyseven television and twenty radio stations throughout our own city and the nation have

carried the messages of this conference to untold thousands of people who have listened to the proceedings of the One Exaggerated? Certainly! You don't actually have to wade through

Hundred and Twentyninth Annual beautiful, deeptextured Bigelow Carpets. However,

Conference of the Church.

We have already named those who Bigelows do give you a wonderful cushiony feeling of luxury underfoot.

have sent these lovely flowers, sweet Bigelows create an atmosphere of comfort and messages of their love, and best wishes for a successful and inspirational conwell-being that makes life happier and cozier in any home!

ference.

The closing prayer of this session will be offered by Elder Alfred E.

formerlyRohner, Mission. Indian president of the SouthPeople who know... buy Bigelowrugs carpets since 1825west

Now I should like to say, brothers and sisters, the Lord bless us with a desire to live better than we have ever done before. No individual can go away

from this conference, even as a listener, without a heavier responsibility upon him. One of the happiest experiences

that I have had has been to meet young people, and hear the young man or young woman say, as he or she introduced his or her companion, V I want you to meet my friend who is an in1923 every member will be a missionary. Doctrine and Covenants. He describes

vestigator."And that has happened freEvery member a missionary! You may the Melchizedek Priesthood and the

quently during this conference. bring your mother into the Church, or men who stand at the head of that

In 1923 in the British Mission there it may be your father; perhaps your priesthood, and the Aaronic Priesthood

was a general instruction sent out to fellow companion in the workshop. and the presidency of the Aaronic

the members of the Church advocating Somebody will hear the good message Priesthood, those who are active in the what Brother Gordon B. Hinckley has of the truth through you."priesthood quorums—both the Melemphasized today. We did not spend And that is the message today. Every chizedek and the Aaronic. He then

money advertising in the press. The member—a million and a half a misgoes into detail about the duties of

feeling in England was quite bitter at sionary! I think that is what the Lord members and concludes:

that time, but we said: "Throw the rehad in mind when he gave that great "Wherefore, now let every man learn

sponsibility upon every member of the revelation on Church government, as his duty, and to act in the office in

Church that in the coming year of recorded in the 107th section of the which he is appointed, in all diligence.

JUNE 1959 479 "He that is slothful shall not be and child who has listened to this great counted worthy to stand, and he that and wonderful conference, to the inlearns not his duty and shows himself spiring messages of the Council of the not approved shall not be counted Twelve and other General Authorities.

worthy to stand. Even so. Amen."God help us to be true to our re-

(D&C 107:99100.) sponsibility and to our callings, and

I think that includes the father of a especially to the responsibility we bear little girl who sent a letter to me this as fathers and mothers of the children first week. age. her loved gave She She of us. treasures to given Zion—heaven's said, father her but she mother, and this Father, bless hold those who O to take doesn't "Father Mother

in the priesthood, married been have who

I temple. I love would. wish he them

both, and I want to be sealed to them."accordance with thy instructions, and

"Wherefore, now let every man learn God help all to take advantage of this his duty and walk in the performance eternal blessing, that we may be united of it in all diligence."That is the retogether and with thee forever, I pray

sponsibility of every man and woman in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

The Presiding Bishopric's Page (Continued) restored May 15, 1829, by John the Baptist, who held the keys to it at the time of Christ.

In the ordination of Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery (D&C 13) there is mention that a righteous offering will again be brought to the Lord by the Levites, these descendants of Aaron.

The scriptures are explicit -in stating that Aaron was chosen of the Lord; so plain, as a matter of fact,

that his call was used by the apostles of old as an example of how the Lord calls men to his service. "And

no man taketh this honour unto himself, but he that is called of God, as was Aaron."(Heb. 5:4.) The Lord's

ways do not change, and he calls men to his service today by the same methods—revelation and the laying

on of hands—used when he called this great leader of ancient Israel, after whom the Aaronic Priesthood is

named.

Angel Material or a party,"my father says, "Grandsoon as she entered the room, the ma was always up and waiting—children stopped crying. She gath-

(Continued) think they also with the kitchen light on, hot chocoered us around her, and we knelt packed their years together with late to warm us, and cookies and to pray for the safe return of those more happiness than most of us are sandwiches if we were hungry."in the canyon. All fear was gone.

privileged to know in a lifetime. The cares of the whole world The peace she carried in her own

Henry died at the age of 81, Grandwere Grandma's cares; the sorrows soul warmed us, and we were unma was desolate. It is a fact that he of every living creature were her afraid. The folk came home shortly

was so loath to leave his sweetheart sorrows. Her retinue of abandoned afterwards with a big freezer of ice

that he died sitting in his old green cats and kittens never got below cream they had been unable to eat armchair by the kitchen stove, eating eight. In Grandma's eyes there because of the storm. And, with

a piece of his wife's apple pie. were no bad people. There were Grandma and the neighbors, we had

All of the neighborhood children just unfortunate people; misunder- a feast.

loved Grandma. Whether they stood people. I have always felt a little boastful

came to her door by twos or dozens, I recall vividly one stormfilled, when I called myself a "Saint"as is they never went away empty terrorstricken summer night. My implied by the name of our wonderhanded. If the cookie jar was sister and I had been left to care ful Church. But Grandma was the

empty, there were slices of good, for the younger children while epitome of all the word could imply.

homemade bread spread with butter Mother and Father went to a can- A few years after my mother's and honey. When Grandma was yon party. The storm came up very death, my father married again. He

ill, there was a constant line of chilsuddenly, and almost with the first provided for us a wonderful new dren at her bedside offering conthunderclap the lights went out. In mother—a sister to Annie May.

solation. When she died, we found total darkness, the children became Where else could he find a better

hundreds of little gifts brought to frightened and started to cry. The wife than a daughter reared by this

her by those who wished in some baby immediately set up a terrible fine woman? And where else could

way to show their appreciation. howl. Fumbling about in the darkhe find such a motherin-law? He

My father married Annie May ness to fix his bottle, I tipped the always said, "When you find a good when he was nineteen and she just pan of milk onto the floor. thing, stick with it,"and he did just

sixteen years old. "No matter how We didn't have to go for Grandthat!

late we were returning from a dance ma. She hadn't forgotten us. As As Grandma grew older she often

480 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA confused her languages, mixing

Danish and English indiscriminately in her speaking and writing. She

had almost forgotten the songs and stories of her native Denmark. However, she sat at our kitchen table a

few weeks before her death, and with tears streaming down her cheeks, sang the Danish national anthem from start to finish without confusion. Then she sang "The

Star Spangled Banner."

What sort of persons heavenly hosts are comprised of I cannot be sure. But whatever place I merit

after I leave this earth will be heaven to me if, when I enter the gate,

Grandma slaps her knee, rolls her "r"and says, "Nej men, Nora!"

ORGAN RECITAL

by Ann R. Bauman

I heard an organ play inside the square With tones like heaven's breath on angels'wings That burnished them where Stardust sometimes clings, And sprays of angel dust sang everywhere!

I heard the treble song pipes throat with care And sing the way a humble servant sings Jheu re I reparedAt gentle touch that human loving brings When praising Him who must have Graduates of Brigham Young University are in demand over listened there. the nation because of their superior training, not only in their

Uplifted by these moments I had academic fields, but also in preparation for life. The Church known,

I left the Tabernacle cleansed inuniversity is able to train the WHOLE man, and because of this side deep education of mind and body and spirit together, the exOf attitudes that lingered there becellence of BYU students is recognized. Get your education the

fore NOW to attend. Check these dates:And felt somehow my humbleness Y's way. Plan

had grown, - June 15That I had been deflated of false Summer School Opens pride Freshman Orientation Sept. 2124

And come a step closer to heaven's Autumn Quarter Registration Sept. 2526 door.

The Gentleman Bronco BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY, CU p AND MA | L: 18year the average (Continued)

Relations Department TO: Public

old to take capacity is his remarkable

Provo, Utah Brigham Young University, itpressure. remarkseems At least,

able compared to his past behavior Please send me free of charge additional information about Brigham Young University.

pattern when he sometimes blew up I am especially interested in at the slightest nudge. This capacity

for "taking it"is often evident in the military service where a boy can go from a raw recruit to a fairly NAME seasoned soldier in a short period ADDRESS

CITY STATE

JUNE 1959 481 K%

of intensive'training. It may also oughbred can win races. It is the when these criminal patterns appear

be reflected in his ability to teaye same way with a boy. is extremely important. Police, parhome and sink new roots on a 'C"ol-:'Nevertheless, it is easy to see how ents, judges, and probation officers

lege campus where he must acquire an 18year-old boy can get to "roammust take a firm, fixed position on new friends, create a completely ing the range"if his parents do not a solid, united front to let Junior new niche of existence for himself counsel with him frequently. His learn once and for all that this is

and learn how to study under a instinct says: "See if you can stay no joke. He is caught in the cross

schedule of pressure that he thinks out late and get away with it."fire of his own foolishness. He will

would have killed him a year ago. When he comes in at 2:00 a.m., watch his parents hungrily for the

Altogether, an 18year-old reflects something should be said. If not, first signs of sympathy and a will-

a marvelous constellation of positive he will try 3, then 4, and finally he ingness to use their influence to get traits which generally make him demay stay out all night. him out of this jam. The parents

lightful company, a good worker, should actually have only one quesand a good student. The First Step in a Career tion for Junior: "Did you do it?"

of Crime If he denies it, they can go to the particulars. full the Bronco police 18Year-Old get andThe

is staying of the fun what And that are assured parents Once positive the underneath However, all does unless somenight he out it is will in the be wrong Junior this hutraits of rapidly maturing barparental the thing? Whenever

if attitude will the take helpful they is of moltpersonality a stratum is likelyman rier collapsed, the boy has to help, love want they that him and is of It lava. furnace theen human finds barrier. police test to the He

let to the will they have demands but courageous,drives which him make of property dollars of millions worth their course. This of the run law selfindependent,adventurous, and

sufficient. If these powers have may come as a shock to Junior but

disciplined andalready been doFORWARD mostlearningimportantto takeparthis ofmedicinegrowing isup.a during their normal mamesticated

thenturation 17 11 and between we by Roxana Farnsworth Hase What about Military Service? "gentlein a the resultsshould see

man"18year-old. On the other Look not back over the mighthave- Some 18year-olds who get in a

hand, if these explosive forces have beens jam decide to ask the judge to let not been sublimated and compressed And pine your life away, them enlist in the service so that into socially acceptable channels of But lift your eyes to the rising sun they can finish growing up under conduct then we are in for at least And greet the coming day. military discipline. And for some

two years of ripsnorting, wild and boys this works. Not because the

woolly broncobusting. For some The future lies within your scope military has any magic tricks for

reason or other a boy of this age who As spotless as the morn, changing boys but mostly because gets off the beam of normal developLife's greatest deeds rise out of hope, the boy enters the service with a ment has a slow recovery rate. Through it is courage born. change in attitude. This is the only

Because an 18year-old feels so thing which counts. If a boy uses

independent he is likely to continue The sun goes down each eventide, the armed services merely as an exhis 17year-old tendency to shoulderSo may your spirit wane cuse for getting out of a jam, he is test every fence or barrier society But look you to the bright new headed for double trouble, and so has set up for him. Whenever there morn, is the Army. There are more rules

is a break in the barrier or it gives And faith will rise again. to break, more situations to foul up,

way to Junior's pushing, he is likely more temptations to fall for, and to charge through the breach and more supervisory officers to catch sprint away like a wild colt. It is in a downtown area which has only him if he does.

the job of parents to see that the thin protection while the city sleeps. On the other hand, military service

barriers hold. Barriers may lean a He therefore lets his sense of adcan be very profitable for a boy with

little here and there as part of the venture justify him in playing Robin the right attitude. For the "gentlegive and take between parents and Hood—"stealing from the rich,"he man"18year-old military service

their son, but they must never be says "to help the poor"—meaning may come in any one of these ways:

allowed to collapse. himself! he can wait until he is drafted; he

If the parents cannot do the job, If he succeeds once, he tries it can enlist in the service of his choice;

the community should have adeagain. Then he finally runs into the or he can sign up for one of the requate resources to shore up quickly police barrier. If it holds, he is serves. Each of these has advantages

the line of defense. Junior needs apprehended. All of a sudden Junfor certain boys. The important

to learn early that he belongs to an ior's "stealing for fun"becomes a thing is to avoid regrets by finding orderly society and that he not only monumental personal problem with out about all of them before making has some rights—he also has some unexpected consequences. a final decision. Here are a few

duties! He can't understand why people suggestions to consider:

Perhaps the same thing could be pick on him. "Can't they take a 1. This is an age of technical warsaid another way. The training of joke?"He didn't mean anything fare, therefore most draft boards

a thoroughbred requires that he serious. "People act like I'm a will postpone drafting a boy if he

learn respect for a rope, then for a criminal!"he protests. will go to college. In fact, military

halter, and finally for a bridle. WithAs we pointed out in the previous leaders urge all qualified boys to

out this respect, not even a thorinstalment, what happens to Junior attend college.

482 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 2. Even if a boy enlists in one of

the services he can receive vocational, or academic training while getting regular service pay.

3. Most of the reserve programs

permit a boy to take a short period of camp training and then go on to college for technical training as an active reserve.

The reason military men are deeply anxious to have college trained personnel available in case of an emergency is reflected in these words of Colonel Barnett S. Allen of

the United States Air Force: "Today we must think in terms of minutes of warning and speeds of

18.000 miles per hour. Along with

these seeming fantastic speeds we must consider the destructive capability of modern missiles. One such

BOB AND SUE, like thousands of their elders, have learned the truth

BOYHOOD about the "lying allure of liquor."

seen through the glamorous haze thrown up by the by William L. Cerveny HAVE YOU

alcohol advertisers? HAVE YOU learned enough of the truth about

Perched on a grotto growth of roots liquor to want to have no part of it?

That floods could not destroy;

There, fishing just as I once did, "IF YOU DON'T DRINK,"says the Preferred Risk Mutual InsurSits my own little boy. ance Co., "WHY HELP PAY FOR THE ACCIDENTS OF THOSE

I wonder if the roaring sky WHO DO?"Preferred Risk, America's first automobile insurance

Gives him a chance to hear company for nondrinkers only, now makes it possible for you to stop

The cowbells, frog songs, evening paying for the drinker's accidents—and to save money at the same

trains time.

Dear to my yesteryear.

If you are a nondrinker,-"we invite you to investigate, and insure with Preferred Risk. Save money—and put your automobile insurweapon will carry a destructive load ance where your heart is—with the thousands of others who say,

equivalent to that carried by thou- "No Thanks—we don't drink."For full details, including an explanasands of B-29's during World War tion of Preferred Risk's merit reduction plan for claimfree drivers,

II. Can we afford not to have capreturn this coupon now.able, intelligent men directing such

operations?"IMPORTANT—Nondrinker means TOTAL abstainer. The occasional social drinker is not eligible.

Regardless of the branch of military service which a boy chooses, ACT NOWUSE THIS COUPON his success or failure is almost completely dependent upon his feelings. standPlease theresend ismenocompleteobligation.information about your auto insurance for total abstainers. I CltPSIunder-

The public schools may or may not Namp My auto insurance have taught him whv militarv servAddress expires:

ice is important. Parents must be

alert to the possibility that Junior Hitv State Day may not really know for himself Occupation Year whether this country or any other Age -Age of principal driver of auto Age of youngest driver free country is worth fighting for. Make of Car.Year. No CylindersHe may have deducted this from the Body type & Model (Series).

his trieddesperate father way of Carto Use Pleasure workand from Business To jniles one way. Q n draft of the or theget him out comStatus of Marital DriverPrincipal with Married -children

ment of his mother that "military Single, living at home Q Single service is simply a waste of time in fOtinkSend me free copy of Christian Herald article.

goa young life!"Such a boy can PREFERRED RISK MUTUAL military trainingthrough hating HE ACCIDEHTS

every minute of it. THOSE WHO INSURANCE COMPANY

On the other hand a boy who 150 South 4th East, Dept. 659

enters the service a great sense with of lovaltv his countrv toward and Salt Lake City, Utah Phone EM 4-1931

America's First Total Abstainer's Automobile Insurance Co. William Plymat, President

JUNE 1959 483 a feeling that wearing the uniform A nationwide survey of college A Program of Service is an honor. He becomes a great graduates was published under the

soldier and in the process becomes title, They Went to College, by (Continued) a commercial basis, a great citizen. An American boy, Ernest Havenann and Patricia West. very much, as have been toy repair

for example, should know that: This report should make every 18projects.

1. The United States was the first yearold think twice before rejecting Bed and chair repairs have been

free country in modern times. a college career: made, rugs have been cleaned, up-

2. The communists have set up a 1. The average college graduate holstery has been done—all as quotime table of conquest which constarts at a salary far above the averrum projects.

templates destroying American freeage wage earner's top salary. 3. Public service projects, like

dom by 1970. 2. His earning power increases those sometimes conducted by civic

3. The course of freedom and selfwith age. (He usually makes his clubs, have been sponsored by quodetermination charted by the Amerhighest salary after 50, whereas the rums, such, for instance, as July 4

ican founding fathers has been a nongraduate usually reaches his and July 24 celebrations, anniversary blessing to every nation which has highest salary at 40 'and then begins celebrations effecting single comcopied or shared these principles. falling off sharply.) munities in which the brethren live,

4. Modern free government is the 3. College graduates are more etc. Cemetery beautification has ennearest thing the human race has likely to become their own bosses. listed much interest in small comever discovered for the spreading of (Eightyfour percent of male college munities. Beautification of parks,

universal peace and universal prosgraduates become proprietors, manand the building of play centers for perity around the world. agers, or executives, whereas only 16 children in city parks, have been

A British boy, a Canadian boy, a percent of the nongraduate men in popular projects with some quorums boy living under any flag of freeAmerica attain such positions.) in rural areas.

dom, can feel the same kind of 4. Even students with average 4. Ward teaching as a quorum

pride in making himself prepared mentality can double their potential project. Quorum officers may well

for the defense of that freedom earning power with college training. plan to have their quorum members

which took centuries to carve out ("A"students get the highest saldo their ward teaching one hundred of human despotism. No man is aries, but even "C"and "D"students percent on all districts assigned to

worthy of freedom who is not willdo well—in fact, 80 percent as well! them. Efforts may well be made to

ing to protect it, and no man may Of course, earning a good living enlist all quorum members in ward expect to live in peace if he is not is only one reason for getting a good teaching. Close cooperation between

ready to defend the sanctity of home education. The founder of one of quorum officers and ward bishoprics

and loved ones against those who America's great universities said the on this matter will be greatly apprewould destroy them. purpose of education is to gain three ciated.

Once a boy gets a sincere underkinds of power: 5. Full cooperation with the ward

standing of these principles he can The power to think clearly. and stake welfare committees on

find an urgent and meaningful purThe power to do well in the world's farm and other welfare work is most pose in his military service. work. stimulating. Through the coopera-

The power to appreciate life. tion of two committees—Church

What about College? Finally, what about finances? This service and personal welfare—much

As we have mentioned, the probis a universal problem but more lem of military service and going to easily solved than many boys think.

college can be solved simultaneousOne out of every four male college DISCOVERING HER SHADOW ly if a boy wants college. Unforstudents is able to complete college

tunately, however, many capable with practically no help. In fact, by Christie Lund Coles

boys reject this opportunity. Going 71 percent of the male students earn

to college is a subject which needs their way in whole or in part. The She stands upon the square of light

a lot of "talking up"with Junior main thing is to want to go. And sees her shadow on the floor,

prior to his reaching 18. His deciIf at all possible it is best for A phantom from the shining pane,

sion is most often influenced bv the Junior to save enough so that he can Something that moves and turns, but attitudes of his parents, his teachers, get through his first year without more, job. pals. his to hold having Things That which usuallyand down a thing that to her, attached seems A

is is are: the the year becauseget in the freshman way feet small Beginning her where

1. A well paying, interesting job. toughest. It is the year he discovers stand;

2. Prospects of an early marriage. that while he is in the classroom only She lifts her foot, it lifts; a stir

3. Necessity of keeping up large sixteen hours a week, he has to Of hand projects a darker hand;

payments on a car. discipline himself to study 2 hours

4. Feelings of perplexity and infor every 1 hour in class. Until he She moves, the shadow disappears;

security about leaving home. gets this routine established it is She moves again, and there it is;

Nevertheless, there are many dysometimes difficult for him to take She laughs and bends to pick it up namic and persuasive reasons why on the distraction of a job. NeverBut there is nothing there but this—

a capable boy should go ahead and theless, it can be done if necessary.

plan for college even though the The key to success is the passion to The sunlight gleaming on the glass, entire family may have to rally get an education. In the presence Her patterned self erectly small.

round him and help him work out of a "fever for learning"almost any O child, turn quickly to the light, individual problems. problem can be solved somehow. The shadow grows too tall, too tall.

484 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to create 14 Sunday Schoolmay be accomplished on this point. How

6. Musical activities, such as organization of choruses, quartets,

instrumental,trios, duets, vocal and infor participation and stake rooms for only $3,641 ward events draws much interest. Wives

of quorum members may join in this event. 7. Cooperation with stake missionary work. Each quorum should

be represented by members in this work. Consultation with ward bishops on this subject will be helpful.

8. Participation in the servicemen's

program. Both active and inactive

men may be used in this work to good advantage. Make it a project

to have each serviceman from the quorum corresponded with at least monthly, or more often if possible.

Send to each The Improvement Era and the Church Section of the Deseret News. Also send to each, one

or two missionary tracts every month for his own reading and for distribution to buddies in the service not of our faith. 9. Contact should be maintained

with quorum members away to school, living away temporarily on account of employment, or for other reasons. Letters should be sent to

them regularly. Particularly is this

true with respect to foreign missionaries from the quorum, who receive BEMISWALL installation in a St. Louis church. Seven rooms are closed at the left side of the photosuch encouragement from letters graph. Partitions at the right side of corridor are open to show the succession of seven other rooms.

from the quorum.

10. Persons in the quorum who -U-4-'4-/0'l5'-6- This report may be very important for your ward

enjoy taking photographs may be There is a new church in suburban St. Louis...

enlisted to provide pictures for abwith a 31'8"x 56'lower floor to accommodate a host showing activities sent members, of -w ofcouldSundaynot meetSchoolsatisfactorilyclasses. Butbecauseeven ofthreecrossclassesnoise. in various the quorum members

projects. Then, the church got folding partition plans and

11. Every quorum could well con- -m costs for BEMISWALL and two comparable parin- bid $3,641, titions. was The BEMISWALL the en- T project as a standing duct

plus a 4'10"separate rooms fourteen for stalled, members of all quorum couragement higher percent than 25 bid next corridor. was The Sacrafamilies to attend their and

it rooms. provided fewer and BEMISWALL'S each week. meeting ment... also with higher.29. percent third bid was. The

project be -m 12. may well A similar rooms. fewer

to attendance respect carried with on instalselected. course, of The was, the BEMISWALL the part of School, on at Sunday the in.. and only days. two lation was made entire their and members, quorum is happy. membership

families. economical, so is more much BEMISWALL Why of the proper 13. method Teach of design, trouble? free from durable and of the ordinances the performing resistance, principal other primarily. In \ factors—fireSimplicity UAHMMIWMMMMU exershould care be Church. Due stackhandling, of ease resistance, compact

of Floor arrangement showing this matter, however. in cised When better often other than) is to it (and entire equal is needthe room rooms. plan,When sounding—

partitions are auditorium, the ed as an is this instruction for partitions. the the planned properly folding coupon Send of makes right at the indicated "stacked"as of great benefit to quorum members. side of this drawing. complete BEMISWALL story.

14. Temple attendance may well

I be encouraged, and those not now TRANSWALL Coated Products able to obtain recommends may be TRANS610-W South 4th St., Minneapolis 15, Minn.

encouraged to put their houses in Please send without obligation complete information WALL order that they may participate in COATED PRODUCTS and also sample of BEMISWALL material.

this work. Name15. Publicity may be provided AddressBern is Bro. Bog Co. City ZoraeState-

JUNE 1959 485 pertaining to the quorum activity, attendance at quorum meetings, 21. Reading the scriptures is negfor publication in the Church ormonthly business meetings, and stake lected among many people. Quogans. Proper notice may be given priesthood meetings. rums may bring blessings to their

locally on ward, quorum, stake, or 19. Stake conferences permit the members by suggesting regular

other events in which quorum memChurch membership closer contact reading of the four standard works bers will be interested. with the General Authorities. It of the Church.

16. Transportation should be orshould be a project with each quoIt is suggested that quorums use

ganized for those in need of it, to rum to encourage attendance of all as many of these suggestions as may encourage attendance at stake conmembers and their familes to these be wise in their areas, for the furferences, other stake events, and important gatherings. thering of the work. Other suggesward meetings and entertainments. 20. The preparation of family histions will occur to the quorum

Particularly should attention be tories and genealogical records presidencies as they discuss their given to the aged and infirm. should be encouraged by all memwork in weekly presidency council

17. Cooperation with classin- bers, with an object toward having meetings.

structor in making available to quoall work done in the temple for The enlistment of inactive brethrum members copies of course of the kindred dead of each member. ren in these projects, with the costudy, and otherwise assisting to This should be a family project, operation of those who are making

make the class work interesting. urged by the quorum for its memthe "personal missionary approach"

18. Pride should be taken in good bers. will be fruitful.

division ate college by defeatFirst ward (Idaho) won WardChurch Moves On Anthony

First State University ing Utah Annabella with Ward their game (Continued) (Utah) 5846, determining the conWard, 4137. Eight college wards

entered in this basketball (sixth) places. were and tenth 1959"the solation was "Palm Sunday tournament. Twelfth was awarded Spanish Fork

talk given title of the radio the sportsmanship 'trophy. Clarence President A. Theodore by of Taft (California) Elder Benson Ezra Victorville of of the Hayes First of Council the Tuttle of adthe Council the Twelve award Era the Improvement won in Action"the "Faith on Seventy perdressed thousand the twenty essay on best "What for the

of Broadcasting series National the in the services sunrise sons to at Easter Athletic Program Means Church the MorMusic by was Company. message Bowl. His was Hollywood Me."California. of Southern Choirmon separnationwide. broadcast won the Ward BYU Eighth susSpencer Jacobs Elder Owen of the title "Life Death"and was

tained as president of Weiser an Easter message given by Elder (Idaho) Stake with Elders Rex Ford George Q. Morris of the Council of Youngberg Olend Smith and Evern in Action""Faith the on Twelve PresiPORTRAIT IN A MIRROR the succeed counselors. as They series of National Broadradio the

his and dent Dewey Raymond J. casting Company. Frances Rodman by Elders counselors, Grant Weber W. formerly Money, Elder Reed J. Bradshaw. C. and Earl first to counselor, succeed sustained

is go to unarmed, a poet be To of the S. Hiatt President Delphin unafraid, yet Precariously, alland thirtysixth annual The President Stake. (Utah) Nebo times be a thousand hurt every tourbasketball senior By Church are Elder counselors Harold Money's harmed, at the George began nament counselor, second formerly no armor to deflect the blade. Harmer, on the Having House Smith Field Albert Hill. and Elder LeRoy A. campus of Brigham Young University, Provo. To be a poet is to feel the heart Preconference meetings of Lifted more high, wounded more conference general began the

Lomita Ward officers conferred as mission feated Ivins auxiliary various of the Ward( California(Salt Lake) dePiercedreadily,to the core by every slender with officers dart, all60-54 to win the City) organizations of the Church in Salt in Healed overnight to pass on—scarred basketball tournament Church City. Lake but free. Field House, Albert Smith George

University campus, Young Brigham April 1959 (Arizona) Fifteenth To be a poet is to be born again, Provo. Mesa

placed third by defeating seventhWearing the past, though little use The fiftythird annual conferplacing Spanish Fork Twelfth 7270. it proves, ence of the Primary AssociaPleasant Grove Fourth (Utah) won Sensing the shadow of impending tion opened in Salt Lake City.

fourth by defeating Ogden Twelfth pain. There was a general meeting in the

(Utah) 5650; the Ogden team The spirit sorrows even as it loves. Tabernacle for general board, stake

placing eighth. Washington, D. C, board, and mission representatives

won fifth place by defeating AmeriTo be a poet is to sing, with eyes as well as departmental sessions held can Fork Ninth (Utah) 6047, the Fixed on what one knows falls to in church buildings throughout the latter ward winning ninth place. St. dust and dies. city.

486 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The concluding day of the Primary Association conferHow to Keep ence was devoted to general meetings and departmental meetings.

A meeting devoted to the work ofthe stake and foreign missions was'Your Husband held in the Tabernacle. Here, Elder

Gordon B. Hinckley, Assistant to the

Council of the Twelve, announced that 33,330 converts had been baptized during 1958. These converts,

putting it another way, could make up the membership of fiftysix wards and seven stakes.

An early morning Church welfare meeting was held on Temple Square.

The 129th annual general conference of the Church opened in the

Tabernacle. All members of the

General Authorities were present Smart wives see that their husbands trim and were to speak. As many as off those excess pounds and keep in shape

fifteen radio stations and twentythe modern "Magic Couch"way. Husbands

seven television stations broadcasted of smart wives like these avoid the dangers at least part of the conference sessions to western America. of overweight that doctors and insurance

General priesthood meeting constatistics warn us of. Find out how you...

vened in the Salt Lake Tabernacle. and your family can enjoy the multiple beneSome 167 Church buildings were fits of the Stauffer Home Reducing Plan of

connected by directline telephone effortless exercise and calorie reduction.to the Tabernacle, where priesthood

bearers residing from coast to coast June Conference visitors welcome to our office and in Canada could listen. The for free demonstration

count of these priesthood holders was later announced as 45,287.

About eighty missionary reunions Get Complete Details Today were held in the Salt Lake City area x Write or Call

Guaranteedthis week end. <3?

Housekeeping Good by AJ Stauffer Cm. uHome Plannl

LVMTisto2SJ 520 East 4th South

This was the second day—the Davis 8-0531

Sabbath day—of the annual Salt Lake City 1, Utah

general conference. I would like more information about the Stauffer Home Plan without obligation.

"... only by persuasion,"was the

theme of the conference of the Name Phone,

Deseret Sunday School Union presented in the Tabernacle. Address

City State

This was the third and concluding day of the general conference of the Church. At

the morning session the statistical report was read, indicating that, as of December 31, 1958, there were 1,292,098 members in the stakes and 263,701 in the missions, or a total

Church membership on that date of YOU'LL DO BETTER IN 1,555,799.

Sandy (Utah) Stake created from parts of Mt. Jordan

Stake with Elder Stanley A.

Rasmussen, formerly president of the

Mt. Jordan Stake, as president of the

new (Continued on page 490)

JUNE 1959 487 President Stephen L Richards ferred to the University of Chicago seven years of age. For the reSchool of Law, from which institumainder of his life his time was

(Continued) of refinement that tion he was graduated cum laude in given to the ministry as an apostle marked the lives of all of the ten 1904. President Ernest L. Wilkinson of the Lord Jesus Christ.

children she brought into the world. of Brigham Young University recalls But his training had not been

The family moved from Mendon that while he was at Harvard he without value. The Church is in

to Farmington, and then to Salt Lake roomed with a student named Hall, the world, a world where the laws

City. The boy studied in the local the son of the former dean of the of men govern the actions of men.

schools and then attended the UniUniversity of Chicago Law School. His legal background proved an inversity of Utah. The father, on meeting Ernest Wilvaluable asset in the delicate negoOn February 21, 1900, he married kinson, commented that the best tiations he has carried on in behalf

of in the students had taught Church he were Mormany lands. MuchIrene Merrill in the Salt Lake Temhis logic expression, of of that a from boys his power Utah, and monple. That remarkable companionship continued over fiftynine years young man named Stephen Richards of presentation, and his ability to

until interrupted by his death. Her was the most capable student he anticipate and offset the argument

own brilliant mind, her delicate, had during all of his vears at the of an opponent find their root in his artistic sense, and her inimitable University of Chicago. careful legal training.

humor complemented his personalThe young lawyer began his pracIn 1906 he had been sustained a ity. His many inspiring public uttice as Murray City attorney. He member of the general board of the

School Deseret Union. There Sundayterances on being our homes but a later taught at the University of

six had he met a young who manforetaste a reflection of heaven were months earlier had been ordainedof her influence. Nine gifted and to the apostleship. There grewable children were born to them; THIS WE KNOW

friendthat early association a from surviveseven him.

S. Barker by Omar loyal as true ship devoted and and

first their couple spent The two is as found more For men. among life ofyears in married a ranch on just to Earth Does happen be round half century a than David O. McKaythe of Valley Idaho. Malad He it? did shape Or Somebody tostood Richards Stephen and Lfelled logs the hauled and which not question proseem The may as did gether Jonathan. David and their that cabin, frombecame and found, In President 1951, when McKay shelter a created sheoneroom home. it? escape Yet can how we as of the sustained President was grain threedollar Fortycent and

Richards Elder he selected lessons rancherhay taught the young came the greenness of the Church, Whence reas his first counselor. Active

trees, theof economics which became for of sponsibility direction the misskies? of the bluenessfoundation business of a remarkable The

,to sions of the given Church wascareer, a career as these queries ageold that included such memTo bership on the boards of many of Man's seeking soul replies: President Richards. The problems

the largest business institutions of of his administration have been the West, including banks, sugar There is a plan for time and tide, burdensome and difficult. The

companies, a cemetery corporation, A cause for greening sod, Korean War, Selective Service, a merchandising institutions, insurAnd for awareness, deep inside, widelyemphasized military reserve ance companies, a power company, That somewhere there is God! program, regulations covering edu-

a hotel corporation, radio and telecational benefits for veterans have vision stations, a large oil refining all seriously complicated the procedures going on misof young men of corporations. School other acompany, and and opened Utah Law

it sions. time one appeared At office. private his established in Idaho, was While ranching He

if almost as great the missionary his attorasneighbors a recognized serve that asked way, and on he principal of the school. This early ney, happy in his work, with a lucraprogram of the Church were threatexercise in the field of public educative practice. ened by regulations incident to war

tion whetted his appetite for more Then on the morning of January and the military draft.

schooling and cultivated an active 17, 1917, his office phone rang. It Be it said to the credit of this grainterest in education which eventuwas Joseph Fielding Smith calling cious, wise, and inspired man that

ally found expression in service as for his father, President Joseph F. situations which appeared almost im-

a regent of the University of Utah Smith, to ask that Elder Richards possible of solution were composed and as a member of the board of come to the temple. He left the and operating procedures were detrustees of Brigham Young Univeroffice and walked up Main Street, veloped under which the young men

sity. entered the temple, and was taken of the Church have honorably fulHe left Malad in 1902 to study to the fourth floor. There he was filled their obligations for military

law at the University of Michigan told by the President of the Church service and have also carried forat Ann Arbor. But the memory of that he had been selected to fill a ward a program of missionary work

green valleys, clear, fishladen vacancy in the Council of the on an unprecedented scale.

waters, and tall trees never left him. Twelve. Obedient to the call, he The records of the Church indiHe returned to Idaho repeatedly in was ordained an apostle. cate that during the eight years he

his later years to fish, to boat, to Twenty minutes had passed since supervised the work 17,740 missionrefresh his spirit where pine and his phone had rung. He closed his aries were sent into the field. There

fir reach to the sky. office and never returned to the were an additional 28,821 men and

After a year in Michigan he transpractice of law. He was thirtywomen who served or who are now

488 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA serving as stake missionaries, making a total active force of 46,561.

From 1951 to the middle of May 1959 these missionaries baptized more than 185,000 converts into the

Church.

What more gratifying result could crown the administration of a man engaged in the service of God?

Every missionary who has been called into the field and who has served honorably has blessed his own life and the lives of those to whom he has taught the gospel. And every

recipient of that teaching, who has become an active member of the

Church, will be eternally grateful, as will the generations who come after him, for the dedicated and inspired leadership of the Church which sent the missionaries to his door.

President Richards loved this cause as he loved none other. He

was witness to its effects in the lives of the men and women who engaged in it. He gloried in the good that

came into the lives of those who were the recipients of the truths taught them. He gave of himself

without reservation to make it succeed.

He was always available, day or night, to give ear to a problem affecting a missionary. He was ever

solicitous for their health and their success. No difficulty was too

minor to receive his personal attention.

It was a stimulating experience to work under him. I was his subordinate for years. I leave you my Your Utoco Dealer invites you—

testimony of his virtues. I have

been the beneficiary of his great Get "Bonus Miles"today!

kindness. I have partaken of his... plusUtococomplete,Servicecourteous

unfailing courtesy. I have witnessed

give your car the care it deserveshis unyielding loyalty to his honFor greatest motoring pleasure—

ored leader and to his associates. I YOU EXPECT MORE FROM UTOCO AND YOUUTAHGETOIL REFININGIT! CO.

have marveled at his matchless wisdom, his incisive mind, his persuasive expression. His sense of justice

was universal in its application. His

consistency was as a precious jewel.

His deference for his beloved comforpanion, his appreciation his HOW MUCH WOULD IT COST family were an inspiration. His devotion to duty was undeviating. His TO REPLACE YOUR HOME?

love of God was the polar star of his life, and his desire to help his The average homeowner today carLet us check your fellow men his chief ambition. ries only 40% enough fire insurance.

He said many times, "Life is a He's thinking backward to what his replacement valmission and not a career."He lived property cost, instead of forward to

it as one ordained and set apart, what it would cost to REPLACE it. ues for you.

a faithful and able leader, a prince among men in the vineyard of the

Lord. UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

Heber J. Grant & Co., General Agents 20 South Main Street Salt Lake City 1

JUNE 1959 489 Daily Air Service

CANYON (Continued) stake. His counPAGE Church Moves On

selors are Elder Marlon S. Bateman,

who had served with him as his sustained as FLAGSTAFF, KANAB second counselor, now first counselor; and Elder Max A.

Mumford, second counselor. The

stake membership is in the seven

RENO wards in Sandy. President Rasmussen's first counselor in the Mt. Jordan

Stake presidency, Elder Joseph E.

Mickelsen, was released. Elder

George B. Roden sustained as president of the Mt. Jordan Stake with

Elders Otis A. Pierce and Harold O.

Smith as his counselors. Wards remaining in this stake are Crescent,

four Draper wards, and Granite.

The division of trie stake was under the direction of Elder Harold B. Lee

of the Council of the Twelve and

Elder Alvin R. Dyer, Assistant to the

Council of the Twelve.

Clearfield (Utah) Stake created from portions of North Davis Stake with Elder George S. Haslam, formerly president of the North Davis

Stake, as president. President Haslam's counselors are Elder Harvey

M. Broadbent, who served in that

capacity in North Davis Stake, and

Elder Virgil T. Hilton. The stake

includes the six wards in Clearfield and the Anchorage Branch. Elder

Joseph Cook, who served President

Haslam as his second counselor, sustained as president of North Davis

Hack Miller GeorgeStake. S.HisReidcounselorsand Georgeare Q.EldersBennett. Wards in the North Davis

FOREMOST IN THE StakeSecond,areWestSyracusePoint,First,SunsetSyracuseFirst,

Sunset Second, and Sunset Third.

transferred from was Clinton Ward

Stake. FIELD OF SPORTS The Davis to North Lakeview

division of the stake was effected by

Elder Mark E. Petersen of the CounSterling Elder cil of the Twelve and Sparkling liveaction reports..

of Sill, to the Council Assistant W.

spiced with expert opinions and the Twelve. With the Sandy and

analysis... and complete in every Clearfield stakes this Sunday, there

are now 277 stakes functioning in detail. This is the way sports the Church.

news is served up in the Deseret

The name of the existing News. Follow your team through Pocatello (Idaho) Stake was

the eyes of the ace Deseret News changed to East Pocatello

Stake. were made in No changes sportsmen.

stake. of the leadership the

West Pocatello ( Idaho ) Stake was divided to form a new stake which now carries the name Pocatello. The

new Pocatello Stake is officered by

Elder R. K. Hart, who was sustained

THE MOUNTAIN WEST'S Uvd&H E W S P A P E R as president, and Elders Leath L.

490 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NEW FROM! VIRCO The "CHAMPION"

High Quality, Low Budget Folding Chair

Check these outstanding features:

Reinforced seat

"Can't tip"safety -tested * Three leg braces not two Fusion welded and brazed * it Tough bakedon enamel finish it New longlife plastic leg tips steel -20% stronger * Vircoloy

Virco also offers a complete line of folding chairs and folding table for every purse and purpose.

VIRCO MANUFACTURING CORP.

P. O. Box 44846, Station "H"

Los Angeles, California

Wherever you live, you can save at Zions First National Bankby-mail service makes it convenient for people in other cities, states and countries to bank at Zions First National.

Deposits and withdrawals can be made through the mail.

Preaddressed, postagepaid envelopes are furnished free by the bank.

Insured savings earn 3% guaranteed interest.

Open a savings account by mailing the coupon below. See

ZIONS FIRST NATIONAL

Zions First National Bank yS& Box 1709 - Salt Lake City, Utah

Please open a savings account in the name(s) below. I have enclosed $..

Offices: ($1.00 or more) in check or money order as my initial deposit.

1 South Mam Name..

102 South Main Name.

235 South Mam (Joint Accounts)

Member Federal Deposit Address..

Insurance Corporation City Zone State,

POSTAGEPAID BANKBY-MAIL ENVELOPES

David O. McKay, Chairman of the Board—Walter LaMar Webb, President

JUNE 1959 491 Robbins and Henry G. West, his Wardle. Pocatello wards in this

counselors. The Pocatello wards in stake are First, Third, Tenth, Elevthe stake are the Fifth, Ninth, Sixenth, Nineteenth, and Twentieth.

teenth, Eighteenth, Twentysecond, Also in the West Pocatello Stake is and Twentysixth, with a combined the Bannock Creek Branch, whose membership of approximately 4000. membership is made up of Indians

Elder Willis R. Ward sustained as living in that area. West Pocatello

president of West Pocatello Stake, Stake now has a membership of apwith Elders Alexander J. Tubbs and proximately 4200. The changes were

Lynn W. Hall as counselors. They effected by Elder Harold B. Lee of

succeed President Myron L. Western the Council of the Twelve and Elder

and his counselors, Elders Calvin D. Gordon B. Hinckley, Assistant to the

McOmber, Jr., and Vernal H. Council of the Twelve.

Another Spring...

Richard L. Evans

gif.-::::: Sincecenturies,so constantlywe should itnot,hasperhaps,recurred,be foroverlyso manyawed

VJ/ WORDSPOKEN tomemory.be an unbelievableIf the Creatormiraclewereandnotan unforgettablestill creating I SItHE by its coming once again—but spring never ceases

(or if the law of chance were ever to take over), we should not know if there should be another spring. But blessedly the Creator

CITY, LAKE UTAH SALT STATE AT 8TH SOUTH still keeps creation in its course, and blessedly we come again to MAIN OR this hopeful, restoring is, in season. renewing, a sense, Spring to Daily 6 p.m. EL 5-6651 9:30 a.m.

"... Until p.m. Fridays for... Z'1 9 of things reality, the substance It is the and the Mondays hoped

fulfilment of faith. It is a symbol and assurance of light and life,

of hope and happiness; and a symbol and assurance that we ourselves shall come forth to a newness of life. All this spring is—

and much more. It is a time for leaving behind the ruts of wintetA,

the ruts that have held us in narrow ways: the ruts of cramped

thinking, the ruts that keep our lives too narrowly confined. Spring

invites us to lift ourselves out of the winterworn ruts. It is also

a reminder of the principle of repentance, of the clearing away of the litter left by winter winds, of the washing away of smudge on

ORGAN BOOKS FOR THE walls and windows—the smudge that sometimes clouds our vision.

CHURCH ORGANIST There is nothing in life quite like the feeling of cleanness: of clean

AT THE CONSOLEFelton 2.00 clothes, clean houses, clean hands, clean thoughts, clean hearts—

ECHOESFelton 2.50 CHANCEL 2.00 of the sense of cleanliness that comes with clearing out thoughts ORGANIST..... CHAPEL

CHURCH MUSIC FOR THE SMALLEST 1.50 unworthy of us, with putting out prejudice and pettiness, and reORGAN-Nevin

past. DEVOTIONAL of scripture of of the ALBUMthe quality ORGAN penting on There is much

2.50 Asper.. cleanliness,. unclean "For person... hath know, that no this ye SERVICE INSTRUMENTAL CHURCH

SELECTIONSVols. NINETY THREE SHORT1 andSOLOS2 ea. 2.751.25 any inheritance in the kingdom of Christ and of God."2 Spring

1.50 invites MUSINGS to take us ORGAN to wash be washed what should away and away

1.50 MELODIESLandon ORGAN surroundings. at ourselves look clean a fresh, and our Somehow IN THE CHURCHAsper 2.75 ORGAN

VISTAS ORGAN 1.50 we think of spring when we read the words in Genesis, as God 1 and ORGAN VOLUNTARIESVols.

2-Schreiner sixth out looked the of the evening everything on day and saw 1.00 3 It good.""behold, very that he had made, and it was was very 1.00 TWOREED STAFFORGANORGANPLAYERBOOK ea. 3.50

MUSIC APPROVAL SENT ON advertisement as Use this your order blank good; it is very good—as good as men will let it be. And with the

spring, cleanness willingness with that can with work come and

CO., 15 E. 1st South DAYNES MUSIC

intent, of of of spirit, with cleanness humility thought with and Salt Lake City 11, Utah

Please the music indicated send faith, above. heart, everlasing the the hope, can the sweet have and we

Charge On life, of of assurance the limitless future, the blessed and of which Enclosed Money ApprovalD

Name spring is beautifully both the symbol and the assurance.*

Address 'Hebrews 11:1.

City & State 2EphesiansBGenesis 1:31.5:5.

Revised.

Daunes Music "TheColumbiaSpoken BroadcastingWord,"from System,Temple MarchSquare 22,presented1959. overCopyrightKSL and1959.the

15 E. 1st So.

145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PROVfW Salt Lake City 11, Utah 492 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA For Graduation and Vacation!

Huntington P a rk ( California parts createdStake from of South ClifKEYSTONE 9-Pc. Stake, Angeles with ElderLos

ford B. Wright, formerly president

of South Los Angeles Stake, as stakepresident. His counselors are Elders MOVIE OUTFIT

John R. Singleton and Orley William EVERYTHING FOR TAKING AND

Waite. Huntington Park Stake inSHOWING FULLCOLOR MOVIES Park,cludes Huntington Walnut

Park, Maywood, Bell, Grant, Downey Bring back your favorite events again and fullthe through of beautiful mediumFirst, and Third wards. Downey The againcolor movies. Features with K-20 Camerastake has of approxi- a membership f2.3 lens Projector. K-60 and MagnaScope

mately 3900. Elder Harold F. Whittier, formerly first counselor in the YOU GET ALL THIS. TOO!

South Los Angeles Stake presidency, sustained as stake president succeeding President Wright. His counselors are Elder Ivan Magnusson,

who served as second counselor in the former stake, and Elder Marvin

E. Jacobsen. South Los Angeles

Stake, with a membership of approximately 4800, now includes Manchester, Vermont, Matthews, South (ElectricEye Light Meter, Optional, $9.95)

Gate First, South Gate Second, Lynwood First, and Lynwood Second (from the Long Beach Stake), SALE $

Downey Second, and Downey Fourth wards. The changes were PRICE

effected George by Elder Q. Morris

... ofof the Council the Twelve and Nothing Down

Elder Henry D. Taylor, Assistant to Only $1.50 Wkl

the Council of the Twelve. The new

stake in Idaho was 278; Huntington

Park is the 279th now functioning klzrwxl in the Church.

The First Presidency anEYEWEAR HEARING AIDS CAMERA SUPPLIES nounced the appointment of 273 S. AlsoMainin -155Ogden,S. ProvoMain and2190IdahoHighlandFalls Dr.

Elder Mark V. Coombs of

Huntington, Utah, as president of Come In or Mail Coupon Today!

the Tongan Mission, succeeding Please send me the 9-pc. Keystone Movie outfit

President Fred W. Stone. President salepriced at only $99.95, I'll pay $1.50 week.

Coombs served as president of this NAME mission from 1920 to 1926. His first WIFE'S NAME

mission, from 1911 to 1914, was filled ADDRESSin Samoa. Mrs. Coombs will accompany him to this field of labor. The CITY & STATE

couple have four grown children. EMPLOYED BY

CREDIT REFERENCE The appointment of Elder John S. Boyden of Salt Lake

City as a member of theDeseret Sunday School Union gen- 2 REASONS WHY eral board was announced. THE LEE HOUSEHOLD ELECTRIC FLOUR

MILL IS IMPORTANT TO...

YOUR FAMILY!

BETTER FLAVOR BETTER HEALTH

When you stone grind your flour a few hours before baking, you can really taste the difference!

Economical it is gospel is simple, plain. The

IE-6-59 (LEE ENGINEERING Automatic COMPANY, ElectricPortable is noThere mystery the throughout Ave., Wisconsin Milwaukee 2023 W. 1, Wis. | of mills, Choice 4

5-lb. pkg., SMITH DEAF FLOUR for prices write salvation, planwhole to only those of I Only.$1.50 PPd. this introductory on Save

pkg., 5-lb. WIS. -MINN. FLOUR, | not understand. dowho offer. flour coupon Send

Only.$1.C0 PPd. j or order check with money—Brigham Young

is lb. pkg. Flour for 5 I Name

shipped. stone ground day

LEE ENGINEERING CO. j Street

Milwaukee 1, Wis. I City State..

JUNE 1959 493 Recipes from ii Out of This World 99

This world of ours is amazing in so many different ways. Its delicious wonderful food is not the least

surprising. As we travel from one place to another,

the eating picture changes. Every locality has its

specialities. We owe so much to the inquiring minds

in this world—people who are not content with everything as they find it but must seek ways to even improve the best. Being discontent in. a happy,

constructive way is good. We learn from each other,

and now that we live in "one world"our recipes are one, These special food ideas travel as fast as we do. Without a doubt someday we will pass on a

recipe to you from outer space. What a wonderful

age in which we live. Here in our hands we hold

the cooking wisdom of the ages. All that has been

found good is here for us to enjoy. We were talking

about recipes from outer space, but here truly are some food "ways"from out of this world.

These are recipes we gathered as we traveled through the southern states to nine different stake

MIA conventions.

Talk about southern hospitality! We met it every

minute of every day. These talented cooks were

generous also in giving us their very best recipes.

Now we want to pass them onto you.

We have heard all of our lives of southern fried chicken and way down in Shreveport, Louisiana, we found the real thing. Veda Thornhill was very modest

when we asked her just how she cooked the chicken so it turned out so heavenly tender and golden crisp.

She said, "Why, you just get good tender friers, roll them in flour and seasoning, and fry."But going

into the matter with her a little further we found what we think are the main three reasons for her success.

First, she mentioned using selfrising flour; second,

Today's Family Florence B. Pinnock,

Editor

she likes to use peanut oil to fry it in;

and third, you must have patience, lots of it—and turn each piece of Spessfcs

chicken at least ten times during the A frying process. Here is the recipe INTRIGUING AROMA! When Big Boy's nostrils twitch with delight, ten to one

for what we call the best "Southern he's succumbed to the tantalizing aroma of Rancho Chicken Noodle, Vegetable,

Fried Chicken."Cream of Mushroom or our other fine Rancho Soups. Rancho Soups have a way

with men. Why not find out tonight? Enjoy his beaming smile!

Veda Thornhill's Fried Chicken

Wash and cut up one 2V2 poundfryer. Soak for a while in milk. BENNETT'S KRILIKOTE

Salt and pepper the chicken to taste. Dredge each piece carefully

in selfrising flour and fry in moderately hot fat (preferably peanut oil) in an iron skillet. Fat should be

Vz to 1 inch deep in pan. Cook with

lid on skillet for ten minutes. Remove lid and continue frying until

chicken is golden brown and tender, turning pieces of chicken at least ten times in the process (about 25 minutes ). Drain on brown paper.

Most of us at some time or other have enjoyed a rich, luscious piece

Open and stir Paint your walls Clean up with water of pecan pie. Again we say you

haven't tasted real pecan pie until you eat the "Famous Pecan Pie"No Turpentine No Solvents No Fumes No Mess!

found in Silver Springs, Florida. Thins with water. BENNETT'S KRILIKOTE is a tough, washHere is that very special recipe. able wall paint available in 1,322 Colorizer colors.

PAINTS Famous Pecan Pie Gtute.

sugar white I cup 1 syrup \SVAMjdi!d- white Karo cup

65 W. 1st South—21st So. & 2nd West and Bennett's branches

and dealers in the Intermountain area and Southern California

JUNE 1959 495 INSTALL NOW M-DESIGN tender. Drain. Place in a medium SCREENS""1 cupmeatschopped (not fine) pecan Cook about half an hour until just 2 eggs sized casserole. Mix % cup brown

E SCREENS Vs lb. butter sugar, 1 tablespoon dry mustard, 1

V4 teaspoon salt (scant) teaspoon salt. Sprinkle dry mixture

over beans. Stir in 1 tablespoon

ill wellCreambeatenbuttereggs,andsyrup,sugar;andaddpecans.salt, molasses,carefully not1 cupto mashsour cream.beans. MixDot

Mix well. Bake in a raw pastry with % cup butter. Bake at 350

shell about 1 hour at 300 F. F. for one hour.

From Dallas and the MIA activity Away down south in Tampa, counselor Katie Combs comes a deFlorida, lives a very choice and interesting person, Mrs. Aileen E. 1 licious recipe for lima beans.

King. Besides being the Special

Butter Bean Casserole Interest leader, she spends her days teaching the girls around there to

PAINTING - Frames, center NEED NEVER never Soak onepound of dried lima be better homemakers. In her years screening are aluminum, bar and

rust or stain. beans overnight, drain, cover with of experience as a home economics

STURDY—Made of heavy rolled alumiboiling water, and 1 teaspoon salt. teacher she has collected a large

num, with internal corner braces. Never

warp.

INSTALL them yourself EASY - Install TO nr> All is a screwdriver. in a jiffy! you need INEXPENSIVE—Manufactured on a vol- 'The Unfulfilled Future

ume basis, M-Design screens cost less than most good screens. Richard L. Evans

AVAILABLE AT Perhaps it is time again to say some things that have said before and to say them gratefully and YOUR LOCAL LUMBER been

THE soberly in this Easter setting—for always and ever

assurance need SPOKEN we against what otherwise would DEALER WORD fleeting DISTRIBUTED BY futility—assurance be but are that men

MORRISONMERRILL & CO. immortal, that justice can be counted on, that truth and intelligence,

people and personality continue eternally beyond time, and that loved ones who have left us are not forever lost. Easter is the

symbol and assurance that these things are so—and with the destructive forces we have found, perhaps we never more needed

such assurance. Sometimes we hear of people who profess indifference to death. But no man who himself comes close to death

or who sees someone he loves leave this life can be indifferent to death—and the longer we live the more compelling becomes the Want To question as to what lies beyond the mortal limits of this life. And

as we face these facts, we are grateful for the strengthening of our faith, and for the everlasting future. Thoughtful men always do Save Time some of their living and thinking for the future. The everpresent

Ironing? awarenessof his own ofeternalan unfulfilledcontinuance.futureYoungis bornandofoldman'salikeconsciousnesslook toward

becontinue, will always the because soul of man to come You can! Hot Faultless things or placed before us all this Creator has not planned cause the

Starch will save you 20 minopportunity and effort of existence without the certainty of everutes to an hour on ironing lasting life. Sometimes the uncertainties loom large, but the realities

day! How? Hot Faultless exceed the uncertainties. And those who have lost those they love

penetrates deep, lets your and those who look to the end of this life may rely on the reality iron glide faster! You save that life is limitless, that truth and intelligence and personality are

time where it counts—on the perpetuated,opened by God'sand ownthat belovedthe pathSonwaswhopointedwas sentandnottheto waycondemnwas

ironing board. Try it, but to redeem us from death—Jesus the Christ, the Messiah, who

you'll see! returned from death to life on that first Easter day. History is

largely the word of witnesses, and this day we would witness the as to witnesses, of other those of the acceptance word our JpLTLESJ to resurrection, of reality the the and the Christ divinity of Jesus flIs! of our certainty, the assurance the add witness would winch we

STARCH very souls.*

"Revised. "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Columbia Broadcasting System, March 29, 1959. Copyright 1959.

Dist. by CORNWALL Warehouse

Salt Lake City Utah 496 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hot Dog! Patio Parties and Picnicsnumber of unusual, delicious, typical

southern recipes. We want to pass

recipes to these onsome of you....twice the fun with will this issueThere not be room in

of the Era for all of them, but we promise you from time to time, you TABLE QUEEN BUNS jjg will find her other special recipes in * 8 to a package! Sliced, for your convenience -H,

this column.

Black Beans and Rice (a Tampa specialty)

1 lb. black beans

1 clove garlic, minced 1 onion, sliced 2 teaspoons salt

Wash beans. Then soak in 5 cups

water. Place in kettle and add Heavenly

onion, garlic, and salt. Bring to a For HAMBURGERS

boil and cook for 2 hours. "BK \w

For Picnics That Click, Get TABLE QUEEN BUNS

Sauce: SALT LAKE CITY ROYAL BAKING COMPANY OGDEN

1 cup olive oil 1 large onion, chopped 1 green pepper, chopped 1 clove garlic minced 1 can tomato puree1 lb. beef chuck, ground Cb/TEL

1 teaspoon salt II mi i Minium ii win ii i ii Minn i iik'inull I iiiimur> i1 mi1 in mum imnwiu < THE CENTER %

Place oil in skillet, add pepper, **- onion, and garlic. Cook until tender,

add ground meat and cook until % CONVENIENCE / well seared. Add tomato puree. 7U* BEAUTIFUL ROOMS

Mix well, pour into beans and cook for another hour. To serve: Fill

bowl with fluffy cooked rice, sprinTUc* BEAUTY SALON kle with 2 tablespoons chopped raw onion and pour black beans over it. 7U* BARBER SHOP

Serve with hot bread. (at front entrance)

Flan (Spanish Custard) plenty of parking 4 eggs HOT 2 cups scalded milk SHOPPESjf Vz cup sugar 1 teaspoon vanilla 3 tablespoons sugar "Food for the whole family"Ample parking

MAIN STREET at FIFTH SOUTH Phone EM 3-6781

Carmelize the 3 tablespoons sugar Now two entrances for easy convenience: Main Street; a/so West Temple

in an ovenware baking dish. Coat

the bottom of the dish with the carmelized sugar and while it cools to milk the scalded sugaradd Vz cup 1 NOW is the time to plan eggs, well beaten overand pour addvanilla. Pour into the baking dish. FILi IS! that European Trip to:

Place in pan of water and bake in DEVELOPED PRINTED Olympic Games—Rome, 1960

350 F. oven for 50 minutes. Chill Passion Play—Oberamergau

and serve. i Any m% J% JUMBO #

We can help you! Ambrosia Exposui Send Coin Only

(A most refreshing dessert) -—No C.O.D.'s

Copie PHOTOS MURDOCK r GENEALOGY- 6 oranges Money- - TRA VEL

PHOTO Salt Lake 51City,NorthUtah StateDialStreetDAvis 2-1129 (A word to the wise is sufficient)

JUNE 1959 497 Wz cups sugar milk over the layers and chill thorIV2 cups fresh grated coconut and oughly.

juice.

Peel oranges. Puncture coconut Florida Fruit Punch

and drain milk into small bowl.

Remove coconut meat from hard juice of 1 doz. oranges

shell and pare off the brown skin. juice of 1 doz. lemons

Grate coconut meat finely. Slice juice of 4 grapefruits

orange thinly, and arrange in layers 1 #1 can crushed pineapple in glass bowl sprinkling each layer 4 cups sugar generously with sugar and coconut. 8 cups water

When bowl is full pour coconut 2 qts. ginger ale

FruitPeople, principles, andpopularity

Richard L. Evans Freeze

Easy "nofailure"way to freeze or can your fruits In a moving and most meaningful utterance, the

Stops discoloration and protects Master of mankind thus prayed for those whom the THE given Lord "I him: had not that pray God thou fruit natural flavor SPOKEN shouldest take of out the them that world, but fruit WORD salads fresh for Keeps

1 shouldest thou evil."keep the from them This. serving before hours

Adds extra vitamin C to frozen or question of being in the world but not of it, is a question of incanned juices—improves flavor creasing concern—because, in effect, the world is ever shrinking

One 98 can is in size—and we come ever closer to the influence and attitudes

enough for 75 lbs. of others—and there is ever more compelling pressure to be as

are, to do as others do, of fruit others questions with of compromise and:, of preserving far to principles—how go, how different to be, how

SlW; to live comfortably among men. One of life's most important problems is learning to get along with the people with whom we live

Fruitin the world, without compromising principles, and one of the

Freeze plausible ways of getting along with people is to make concessions \0X * re \vJ<- pertaining to principle—to go the way of the world, whatever way

that is which no one really knows, because the world has so many 1958. Merck 8 Co.Inc. different ways. It is quite impossible to do everything everyone

else wants us to do or to please all people, because everyone else wants us to do something different, and abandoning principles is no solution to the problem of getting along with people. Indeed,

it is false and foolish to suppose that compromising principles will win the respect or acceptance of anyone. Compromising

principles isn't getting along with people; it is simply surrender;

it is simply selfbetrayal. And he who betrays himself is never

solidly accepted or respected anywhere by anyone. Others often

judge us not so much by their standards as by our own—by what

they know we believe—and we disappoint and disillusion other people when we depart from our own principles. A person who is

untrue to himself is seldom trusted by anyone, ever. In his

famous essay on old age, Cicero said: "As a general truth, as it

seems to me, it is weariness of all pursuits that creates weariness of life."2 And one thing that adds weariness and disillusionment

to life is trying to be all things to everyone, instead of simply trying

BRIDAL GOWNS true. to lose face ourselves, deceive be and seek when we We FORMALS or the popularity supposed of approval other supposed people DRESSES

of principle. price at the to only get others, along The with way LINGERIE

is to to be, to ought what be know do what we we know we we ought to do, to give respect and to deserve respect, and not betray ourselves by compromising principles.

Uohn 17:15.

2Cicero, On Old Age.

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Columbia Broadcasting System, April 5, 1959. Copyright 1959.

38 South Main Salt Lake City

498 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA DISTINCTIVE BINDINGS Make syrup of the sugar and Vz remaining Coolcup water. and add For a Permammt Reference of the Improvement Era fruitwater. juices pineand Add

apple. Pour over ice cubes. Just

before serving add the ginger ale.

or 12 issues in handsome covers only $3. All

orders should be accompanied with 12 Improvement Eras and payment in

advance, plus postage for

return mail.

The West's Finest Printers and Binders

Deseret News

33 RICHARDS ST/V > Basic Company Dinners EMSALT42581LAKE CITY, UTAH

There comes a time, early in marriage, when families come calling—

who could be more welcome than

Mother or Dad? As a bride it is

fun to show off, in a cooking way PRESENTS that is, to your own mother and father. are going easy—they That is

with andto be proud happy the A superb, newly styled Scofield Bible tiniest of efforts on your part. In

other words you can surprise them easy with the dinner you concoct for them. But what about his parents? Thev have raised him to maturity, nourished him carefully, and

it is hard for his mother to think that anyone can take over this job efficientlyNow is the time to prove to her that you have taken over beautifully where she left off.

Plan your dinner minutely. Try

to bring together a wonderful combination of flavors, textures, and nutrition. Take it easy, don't, as the

saying goes, "bite off more than *fy. 19091959

you can chew."First plan on paper

this dinner, with an eye to their likes in food. Try to plan a dinner eautifully bound in Persian Moedges). This Scofield Bible was

that can be prepared, at least partly, rocco, Marrakesh grained, half introduced in the fall of 1958 and in advance. No last minute hurry circuit, leather lined to edge. Conwas an instant success. It is another

and scurry for you! Then make a cordance. Maps. Contains all the

complete list of the groceries needed. famous Scofield features. 5 l/z x example of the beauty, quality,

Shop carefully. Next make out a 8!/8, only Vs"thick. In red (gold and superb craftsmanship tradiworking sheet, telling the whole edges) or black (red under gold tional in all Oxford Bibles.

story of your dinner; for instance,

OXFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS

JUNE 1959 499 SPECIAL OFFER!

if you should choose the menu here Heat beans, drain. Add remainlisted you would make up an outing ingredients. Toss lightly over

line such as this: low heat until beans are coated.

Serve at once.

Company Dinner Minted Salad Fresh strawberry cocktail Spring Leg of Lamb 1 package lime Jello

New Potatoes—Gravy 1 cup boiling water

Crunchie Beans % cup canned pineapple juice

Minted Salad 1 cup crushed pineapple, drained

Ladies! Here is a Discovery we made for you. Meringue shells with ice cream 1 cup finely cut cabbage

Extractor, triple boilerlike CombinationNew

Steamer. (Not Vs teaspoon peppermint extractPreserver, Conner and Food

under pressure.) The day before the dinner:

Mineral or waste.No Vitamin in the boiling lime Jello strawberries stems Dissolve with 1. Wash

offer, direct units this popularity on only400 ingredients. dish. other the water. put in covered on and Add stock. Importer'sfrom

Thousands sold at regular price: 2. Make minted salad—prepare Pour into individual molds and

quart capacity 10 $24.95 greens. chill. Serve on a bed of water cress. OFFER POPULARITY SPECIAL 30 DAY

ONLY $14.65 postpaid, ins. 3. Make meringue shells.

Free literature. 4. Check linen, silver, and china.

LEONHARD & COMPANY Francisco 11, Calif. 5. Plan centerpiece. Meringue Shells Ferry Building San

Day of party: 4 egg whites

1. Prepare leg of lamb allowing 1 cup sugar

30 to 35 minutes cooking per Vz teaspoon vanilla pound. 2. Put potatoes on to cook 50 minBeat egg whites until very stiff DIAGRAMS utes before serving. but not dry. Beat in the sugar

Illustrating Latter - day Saint 3. Open can of beans—chop peaslowly, one tablespoon full at a time.

principles with complete scripnuts and make cracker crumbs. Fold in the vanilla. Form into nests

tural references and condensed 4. Fifteen minutes before dinner with a pastry bag on cookie sheets.

unmold salads on greens—place Put into a 400 F. oven, turn off

summaries of Church doctrines. plates in refrigerator. heat, and leave for three hours withExtremely helpful for teachers, 5. Arrange, 7 or 8 strawberries out opening the oven.

missionaries, students, and all with their hulls on around a

Church members. mound of powdered sugar on

individual plates. MARTHA Author, A. P. Merrill 6. Make the gravy.

Price -$1.00 EACH by Renie H. Littlewood

is nothing left for you Available at Now there to do until after the strawberry Her hands are never idle but are

DESERET BOOK COMPANY cocktail is over. Then dish up the weaving

44 East South Temple dinner and put the meat to carve With quiet dignity upon life's loom;

Salt Lake City 10, Utah with the serving plates in front of With gentleness they guide each your husband, the vegetables in thread, retrieving front of you to serve each one after The broken strands of trouble and the meat has been put on the dinner of gloom.

plates. Now relax and enjoy those The pattern grows apace, the while

precious people who are your guests. her fingers

art the verities shuttled with Design "BANQUETMASTER"Spring Lamb lives pulsing beauty whose Of love, THE NEW LIGHT WEIGHT

BANQUET FOLDING for today's beautiful Designed TABLE Without removing skin, season leg and lingers

Churches Schools hearts that have known vibrant salt InIn pepper. with and lamb Cafes Private Homes of poignancies. in garlic of sert leg. Place a clove

her the recompense comes slowFor roastin skin rack open on side down ly, surely; 325 in ing pan. F. 30 to oven Roast

35 minutes per pound or to 180 F. Emoluments for sharing joy and

on meat thermometer. tears Are like the pattern that began obby Made

L.D.S. 4T in workmen.the West Crunchie Green Beans Nowscurely,bright against the background compare Banbuy, you BISHOPS—Before

of material the years. of and quality 1 for green beans quetmasters #2 can of tiny

design. Write of beauty workmanship, butter Martha tablespoons 4 may not win the world's A prices with and descriptive brochure for

discounts. Satisfaction Guaranteed dash pepper acclaim,

Sample table sent for your inspection. xk cup cracker crumbs But humble folk will ever bless her

Write or telephone collect JA 2-6601. Vi cup chopped salted peanuts name.

D. H. LOOSLI CO., INC.

Idaho Falls, Idaho

500 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Across the street to the west is the

Just Another Book? Temple Grounds, to the south is

the shopping district and to the (Continued) succumb under the east are the Church Offices.

march of civilization.... They said outside the

the locomotive would sound the deathknell of Mormonism, that it front door..

would be the trump of its doom.

They said, 'Complete the railway is downtown from the Atlantic to the Pacific, and this relic of barbarism will disappear.'Salt LakeWhereas the neigh of the iron horse

has been the bugle of advance for

Mormonism.... Then it was foretold

that Mormonism was an anomaly, out of accord with the spirit of the age;

that its perpetuity was an impossiitbility; that wither under would And inside

of institutions;the genius our that

spirit ofthe the very age would rise in its majesty overshadow and the that door... Comfortable, pleasant rooms

evil; whereas, this evil genius has

remained and hurled defiance at the the finest Two wonderful dining rooms genius of our civilization.... They serving exquisite food

said, 'Let Congress legislate... and hotel service Twohundred-car underground

before the authority of the law the garage evil would disappear'... The people Assure yourself visit enjoyable an... to be foundsaid, die! 'Let this ArchMormon to Salt Lake City staying in the bylet that die, man Brigham Young

and Mormonism will cease!'"40 anywhere

Newman's own solution for the problem was simple, direct, and unMax Carpenter, Mgr.

constitutional: "Disfranchise the

Mormon, not merely the polygamist, but the Mormon...."40 The thought

of treating any other religious body in such a way would have filled the good man with horror, but the rules don't count where Mormons are concerned.

1890's

In 1898 the League for Social Service published a declaration with the title, Ten Reasons Why Christians Cannot Fellowship the Mormon

Church. The list of officers of the

league, including such eminent names as those of Washington Choate, Jane Addams, Margaret Sangster, the Reverend Edward Everett Hale, reads like a roster of

American liberalism. Those good

people did not originate the document but, generously and impulsively sponsoring any cause put before them as liberal, had approved it on recommendation by the leading churches. 41 So here we are as near

as we can get to an official statement of why Mormons are not Christians:

of "Christians every most name FOR COMPLETE DETAILS OF 15 Inch Typewriters suitable desire toearnestly unite the with

Mormon people in all feasible plans for Genealogy work that have as their end the social, Save from Write25% forto 60%free onliterature.Factory rebuilds. VIRCOFOLDING CHAIRS & FOLDING TABLES SCHREYER TYPEWRITERS

SEE PAGE 491 757 So. State Salt Lake City 11, Utah

JUNE 1959 501 Going to

Disneyland? political and moral advancement of put on the same level with the

our commonwealth. Bible,"the third that they regard

Stay at the new "There is, however, a line of de- "Joseph Smith as a prophet of God,"marcation that Christians cannot the fourth that they believe "that overlook, that they cannot disregard. authority to officiate in the gospel

... The question is purely a religious is vested only in the said priestTUhaUrVJnn question. It goes to the very root hood... that it is invested with the

of Christian belief and duty."42 very power of God himself,"the fifth

Beautiful Garden Motor Inn across the street So the objection to the Mormons that "the Mormon church teaches a from Disneyland. is not social, economic, political, or doctrine of God that is antagonistic

2 heated pools Putting green moral, after all, but purely religious. to the Scriptures, dishonoring to the

Air conditioned Free TVHi-Fi to is simply, debasing Divine Being Problem"and The "Mormon rates Family Kiddies Playground in felobjections to the cannot Christians man."13 Note these walk "Why LDS Owned

lowship with Mormons, in religion, Mormons are all about what they

Make reservations early for this summer. as they do with each other?"The believe, and not what they have

Call in Salt Lake City HU 5-0848 or write first objection is that the Mormons done; and that these beliefs are acdirect to Whaler's Inn, 1750 Harbor Blvd., claim that they alone have the true curately described as "purely reAnaheim, Calif, for reservations or brochure. gospel, the second that "their soligious"ones. These beliefs alone

called revelations of the present are set them off completely from all the morVvoe. FOLDING "Never make life smaller"BANQUET

TABLES Richard L. Evans

Direct Prices & Discounts to We have talked before of the fact that there is

Churches,Schools, fails to its effect that ever nothing have on do we Lodges,Clubs, THE lives their that others. are say sometimes People Institutions and ail SPOKEN shouldn't they that their concern do and what own, WORD

anyone else. But everything, in fact, sooner or

later does concern someone else. When anyone ignores the laws

TRUCKS ill, to for care others for have of health, becomes example, and storingMONROE easy, Forthe wayTables is inof safety the forgets laws or and flaunts truck him. anyone When modernFoldingtables handles

of EachandConstrucstorageChairs chairspermits No TSCor Storage Transport withhimself hurt for one can to him. care others jured, have tionin limited Truckeitherspace No Truck No. TS

Write for Discounts and Catalog showing 54 sizes and out hurting others also. What hurts us does hurt others. What

types of Folding MONROE Tables, and Trucks. Also affects us does affect others. Furthermore, we have received so

line Chairs, of Folding popular much from others, present and past, that we have an obligation THE COMPANY "WWlOfU

STREET. 249 COLFAX. IOWA to work, to produce, to contribute to the health, to the happiness, CHURCH

to the enrichment of the world. And if we acquire habits, or do

those things, or take unto ourselves that which would impair our own output, that which would impair our own capacity or our own

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS thepowers,worldweis arethe somehowproduct ofrobbingwhat everyoneourselveshasanddoneothersor madealso—foror

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple added to it or taken from it, plus all that the Lord God has given.

sore throat and other minor mouth And it is sobering to consider how much of the time and effort and throat irritations.. and teaching and thinking and working of others has gone into the

making of each of us, including our environment and opportunipupils: his ties. "Never thus teacher pleaded with A thoughtful HALL'S REMEDY destroy, conbut dimension. Don't in any make life smaller"1—not

Salt Lake City. Utah tribute. Don't impair your own powers, or impair the powers or

*< B-O-B-O-M-O-V-O-4 (inii<i'< property or possibilities of others. Bemember the parable of the

talents: It isn't enough just to hold on to what we have—or just to

let habits keep their hold on us—or to let life become less. We

EBEN R. T. BLOMQUIST tohaverepent,an obligationto improve.to do,Weto shalldevelop,all beto work,judgedtobyproduce,what weto think,do or

REALTY CO. fail to do with our time and our talents and with all that is ours.

"Where You Can Deal With And we owe ourselves and all others, and the Lord God who gave

Confidence"us life, an obligation to improve ourselves and our environment—

Members of National and Local and others also—and never let life become less.*

Real Estate Board n Dr. Henry Beston.

We buy, sell and exchange prop- "Revised.

erty and take care of your Real

Estate problems. Inquiries wel- "TheColumbiaSpoken Word,"Broadcastingfrom System,Temple AprilSquare12,presented1959. Copyrightover KSL 1959.and the

come. 894 East 39th South, Salt Lake City, Utah

Phone AM 6-855 1 or AM 6-864

502 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Christian world. After adding five SUMMER WEDDING!

more intolerable beliefs to the list—

which, however, unlike the first five, BRIGHTLY FORMAL!

are incorrectly presented and not very convincing—the indictment Handsomely correct, and so comfortits ringing conclusion:reaches

able! See our large selection of

"Nothing in Common summer formals. Sparkling, lightweight.

"With such a socalled church and

Christians can of doctrine,system the JUST RIGHT FOR YOUR WEDDING! but nothinghave in common

need of the great salvation of the COMPLETE FORMAL RENTAL SERVICEGodMan, Christ Jesus."44

"It is a very curious and remarkable fact,"wrote the eminent British scientist, S. Laing, in 1898, "thatwhile so many highly intellectual SALT LAKE COSTUME CO.

attempts have been made in vain in 1701 SOUTH 11TH EAST IN 7-9494 modern times to found new sects and religions, the only one which has SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH had any real success is that which is MAIL ORDERS INVITED - PROMPT SERVICE based on the most gross and vulgar imposture—Mormonism."45

FOOTNOTES

3f,H. Caswall, in W.'S. Parrott, The VailUplifted (London: 1865), p. 19: "I GIVEshould be showing great want of charity YOUR

to my countrymen, if I willingly allowed them to think well of the 'Latterday'SALT LAKE doctrine."SiIhid., Rev. O. quoting p. 33, 39,

of Omaha.Duke C. THE BIRD... OPTICAL Prob35C. Brigham, "The H. Mormon

lem,"in Old and New, May 1870, pp. HEADQUARTERS638f, 629.

"Editorial, "The Mormon Theocracy,"391-2.in July, 1877, pp.

Brooklyn The Talmage, "Scribner's,7T. deWitt EYEGLASSES Collection 104 SermonsTabernacle, of A

(N.Y.: 1884), pp. Funk & Wagnalls, 55CONTACT LENSES Tal36-37,56. In an earlier sermon, pp.

mage labors to implicate the Mormonsin the assassination of President Garfield. RAIN BIRD, ARTIFICIAL EYES

38F. A. Noble, D. D., The Mormon of course!

Iniquity (Chicago: Jameson & Morse, There are handsome dividends HEARING AIDS 3.1884),'p.

3!IR. W. Beers, The Mormon Puzzle and to be earned in providing your

How to Solve It (New York, Chicago: own weather for crops and pas-

... 17, p. 1887)Funk & Wagnalls, reluctantture... there's no better way 3 LOCATIONS successfullyly far it has adding: "But thus

to with do this than Rain Bird fiercest opposition."even thewithstood40 The Sprinklers. water Get where D. D., "The Mormon J. P. Newman,

Question,"in the Rt. Rev. S. Fallows, Hot you want it, when you want it!

Shot fired at Fashions Follies and Society's Abominations (Chicago: Standard Single installations have more

108. Co., 99100,Publishing pp. 1889), OPTICAL tripled-- SHOP even doubled—of the than order drawn "It was up by

stability yields of and insured 8, of April 1897. EnUtah,Presbytery 420 Boston Bldg. dealer. crop income. your See Association Congregationaldorsed by the

ofUtah, October 14, 1897. Endorsed by 368 East First South

the Baptist Association of Utah, Sept. Write for free information. 1062 East 2 100 South

7, 1898."League for Social Service (New

York City), Ten Reasons Why Christians EM 3-5262

Cannot Fellowship the Mormon Church NATIONAL RAIN BIRD (New York: 105 E. 22 St., 1898). SALES & ENGINEERING CORP. Salt Lake City, Utah

'-Ibid., p. 3. Italics ours. Azusa, California

"Ibid.,uIbid., pp.p. 14.3-8. The expression "GodMan"would shock a Moslem or Jew quite

as teaching as any Mormon much about CHURCH BAZAARS liberal Protestants! these shocked DRINKGod

45S. Laing, Modern Science and Modern CARNIVALS

jewelry, of watches, Catalog FREE! Large (London: Thought Chapman & Hall Ltd.,

etc. direct appliances, Buy cameras, from games, 231. 1898), p. suppliers Largest world's the of importers one toys, ficq A delightful.carnival.. merchandise. church bazaar and of for those hot beverage

JET PREMIUMS who don't drink coffee.

423 - FE Los Angeles St. Los Angeles 13, Calif. AT YOUR GROCERS

JUNE 1959 503 The Last Word

"Dear Mrs. Brooks: Please publish in your column

what I should do to prevent lumps in gravy. Eloise."

Nothing will grow like a trouble that is nursed. "Dear Eloise: The best thing I can suggest is to

pour cooked gravy into a plastic bag and roll it through a clothes wringer several times."

More Like It Some men are so busy learning the tricks of the trade, they never learn the trade.

A lady entered a store and asked to be shown some linen napkins. The salesman brought a stack of

napkins to the counter and showed them to her.

After carefully inspecting each one, the customer asked that ageold question: "Haven't you something

else, something really new?"You will never "find time"for anything. If you

Having heard that before, the salesman showed her want time, you must majce it.

another pile of napkins.

"These are the newest pattern,"he said. "You will

notice that the edge runs all around the border, and the center is in the middle."

"Dear me, yes, I'll take a dozen of those,"exclaimed Fortunate is the man who is too busy to tell how the delighted lady. busy he is.

Poor Risk

An efficiency expert is a man who is smart enough "I insured my voice,"said the famous singer, "for to tell you how to run your business, and too smart $250,000."

to start one of his own. "And what,"asked his rival, "did you do with the

money?"

True Report? Are you working on the solution—or are you part

of the problem?

A certain ward in a certain stake is getting consistently better than fifty percent attendance at Sacrament meeting with other Church activities falling neatly into line.

it?"several other do you do demanded "How Speech is to thought what gold is to the diamond. as that onebishops they a discusbishop during met

sion period. "Surely, you must have some of the It is needed as a setting, but only a little is required.

same type of people in your ward that are so gener-—Voltaire

ously sprinkled through the rest of the wards."

"Yes, I do,"said the successful bishop. "I know

that type very well, and we deal with that problem regularly. As you know I am a mortician by profession. The most surefire way that I know of to Work is only well done when it is done with a

deal with the nonattenders is that I take my hearse will; and no man has a thoroughly sound will unless

and drive up to their door, ring their bell, and say: he knows he is doing what he should, and is in his

'Why Brother Soand-So, I had a report that you place.

people were dead.'"—Ruskin

504 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA No jam tastes like the kind you make yourself!

Easy! Thrifty! No failures—and only oneminute boil with Certo or SureJell!

rfTMUti ar i * >—

SureJell and Certo are Recipe: Strawberry Jam. Stir in 7 cups sugar at once. Remove from heat; alterbrands of pectin... the fruit Chop 2 quarts fully ripe berries. Bring to full rolling boil; then nately stir and skim foam for 5

substance that causes jelling. The Mix 4Vi cups prepared fruit in boil hard 1 minute, stirring min. Ladle into 1 1 medium jars.

amount of pectin in fruits varies large saucepan with 1 box Sureconstantly. This short boil time (No paraffining with new type

—so SureJell or Certo takes the Jell. (Or use liquid Certo—recipe means less juice boils away. So jars!) Costs pennies a jar—and

guesswork out of jam and jelly on bottle.) Stir over high heat you get up to 50% higher yield you can't fail! Get powdered

supplied until recipes mixture to hard boil. comes SureJell Easy or liquid flavor! So muchmaking.—and fresher Certo—prodeasier bottle..better step is even Next and buy! ucts of General package than jam you canwith Foods.

f 11 <"* *- if

mm

The genie in your life

... Your earning power is a real genie in your life to protect your precious earning power but have felt

that protects your family... and makes dreams you just couldn't afford it, this may be the plan for

come true. you:

Think of it: If you have an average income, you'll New insurance in "economysize"packages

earn a fortune between your first and last paycheck Beneficial's Commercial Whole Life Plan gives you... $300,000 by the time you're 65. From that foran opportunity to get the additional permanent insurtune you must send dollars ahead for your own reance you need at bargain rates... because you buy

tirement... or for your family if you should be taken it in "economysize"packages of $10,000 or more.

from the picture. Ask your Beneficial agent to explain it to you—or

If you recognize the urgent need to do something mail +hp rminnn below.

SB"**!? LifeBeneficial Insurance Co. "

Beneficial Building uunnnn, BENEFSalt Lake City, Utah

Please send more information about Beneficial's

Commercial Whole Life Plan. Virgil H. Smith, Pres.

Name Street or RFD.

City Zone State.