.',0* n'.

MARCH, 1938 RETURN POSTAGE GUAfiANtEEO SA LT I A K E CITY, UTAH,>8.| SHELt STOP.ANDGO

IS HARD ON YOUR ENGINE UNLESS YOUR OIL IS ESPECIALLYMADE FOR IT!

AS 50 MILES OF WEAR MUCH STEADY RUNNING STABTING CAN y-,-j ONtr ONE START CAN CAUSE AS

CAUSE J5/h OF AU ENGINE WEAR SAY AUTO ENGINEERS

OVER lOO PARTS GRIND TO- -UNLESS TOUR OIL IS

GETHER "DRY"OF LUSR/CATION FA$T-FLOW/NCAND STARTS -rVERY TIME rOU START WITH YOUR STARTER BUT

IT MUST ALSO 8 &*>*!Si,i TOUGHSODfED

TO WITHSTAND THE HIGH HEAT OF STEADY DRIVING

Shell Research Produces Newtype Motor Oil for Stopand-Go Driving

A REVOLUTIONARY FINDING! ''Reduce

starting wear/'said auto engineers,* 'and you'll reduce the source of up to 75% of today 's engine wear.'* And so, after long, costly research,

Shell engineers produced this newtype motor oil—Golden Shell.

FASTFLOWING—Golden Shell puts a wearoil film between each part in yourGolden reducing

engine the instant you start.

TOUGHBODIED—Golden Shell withstands the

high temperatures of steady running—does not

break down into sludge and carbon.

can't buy safer lubrication! Protect Shell You

oil for especially the made is dealer a Shell near you. OTOR OIL yourstopand-go.engine withThere

-N0T3SCN0T3f-BUT2S/>l QUART...THERE'S NO SAFER LUBRICATIOH

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 193 8

aus in cJhe vyind...

Carefree March is the month of winds.... ''Be as free as mountain winds/'penned Shakespeare in his The Tempest..

Are you and yours as free as the winds?

You cannot be if your home is crowded... inadequate for your growing family;...

Perhaps the boys need a room of their own, or a sleeping porch in the rear.... An

amusement room in the basement will always make the young folks happy. A renovated dinette, a new roof, a coat of paint for the

house, an insulation job are all features which will give new freedom to your home....

Let the Sugar House Lumber and Hardware Company help your ship come in.... Our homeremodeling experts have a good supply

of suggestions....

Our financing plan will enable you to improve your abode with no down payment, no mortgage and no troublesome red tape....

Remodel Your

Home Without

It!Mortgaging

SUGAR HOUSE LUMBER & HARDWARE CO.

M. O. Ashtoh, Manager Phone: Hyland 555

What was the background and early/ImprooementEra training of United States Su- 'The Glory of God is Intelligence"preme Court Justice SutherGrant, Heber J. world's marriage of the some What 1938MARCH, land? Page 132 Widtsoe, A. 136139 Pages customs been? have NUMBER 3 JohnVOLUME 41 Editors

Richard L. Evans, What a young woman should look

''THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH'Managing Editor for in the man she expects to

Marba C. Josephson, marry? Pages 136139

OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, Associate Editor j

MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTGeorge Q. Morris, General Mgr. What a young man should look for

MENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD Lucy G. Cannon, Associate Mgr. in the girl he expects to marry?

TEACHERS, AGENCIES OTHER AND OF THE CHURCH SAINTS. J. K. Orton, Business Mgr. Pages 136139 CHRISTOF JESUS LATTERDAY OF

What is the meaning of tolerance under the Gospel plan? Page 140

What is the relationship of tolerance and free agency? Tolerance

and compromise? Page 140

Who were the Christian apologists

As Youth Contemplates an Eternal Partnership theyof thetaught?second century andPagewhat144

David O. McKay 136

to misis a physician's advice 147 Page The Articles of Faith—XIL The Tolerant Spirit Whatsionaries?

John A. Widtsoe 140

An Adventure in Health Glynn Bennion 146 Howby shouldmissionariesappendicitisin the befield?treated

A Physician's Advice to Missionaries Joseph R. Morrell 147 Page 147

The Story of Our Hymns George D* Pyper 152 Should all books be read alike?

How It's Done in New Zealand Adelaide T. Poananga 156 Page 154

Church Moves On, 162; Priesthood: Melchizedek, 168; Whatlationshipis the ofnewlycalciumdiscoveredand halre-

Aaronic, 172; Ward Teaching, 174; Church Security, 175; lucinations? Page 158

Department of Education, 177; Mutual Messages: Executives,

of the president is the new 178; Adults, 179; M Men, 179; Gleaners, 180; Explorers, 181; WhoAustralian Mission? HaOf the

Juniors, 182; Scouts, 182; Bee Hive Girls 182; Field Photos, waiian Temple? Page 162

178, 181. What new book by Dr. Frank

Leighton Wood comments on alSpsudoL J'SuduMA. cohol, tobacco, and religion?Page 166

Protestors of of Apologists The The Christendom—III. concernare the instructions What the 144 Century L. Barker Second and After James Melfunds of the ing quorum

The "Seeing Eyes*'of George M. Ottinger B. F. Larsen 150 chizedek Priesthood? Page 168

Visiting Books O. G. Herbrecht 154 What Aaronic Priesthood Quorums

earned Standard Quorum Awards Justice George Sutherland, Daniel Harrington, 132; Sittin'Page 172 for 1937?

Astride a Fence, Jack Sears, 134; Exploring the Universe,

Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 158; Homing: Fun for the Family, Whatsidingis Bishopricthe messageconcerningfrom theWardPreMathilda Buron, 164; Here's How, 165; On the Book Rack, Teaching? Page 174

166; Index to Advertisers, 188; Your Page and Ours, 192.

What are the current Church Security instructions? Page 175

The Gospel for Our Neighbors John A. Widtsoe 160 EXECUTIVEOFFICES:AND EDITORIAL

All This Wasted 160 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah

As a Prophet Speaks Richard L, Evans 160 CopyrightImprovement1938,Associationby the YoungCorporationMen's Mutualof the

March - Marba C. Josephson 161 ChurchAll rightso[ reserved.Jesus ChristSubscriptionof Latter'dayprice.Saints.$2.00

a gear, in advance; 20c Single Copy.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City,

Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance for

mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, Act of October, 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

responsible not Improvement Era is The manuscripts, conbut unsolicited welcomes Beckoning Roads—Chapter 2 Dorothy Clapp Robinson 142 for

Javelin Tosser R, D. Gait 148 tributions.by sufficientAllpostagemanuscriptsfor deliverymust beandaccompaniedreturn.

The Same Language—A Short Short Story..Audrey Jensen 157 NATIONAL ADVERTISING

REPRESENTATIVES Frontispiece: Miracle, Christie Lund Coles, 135; Poetry Page, Edward S. Townsend, San Francisco

159; Scriptural Crossword Puzzle, 190. GeorgeE. J. PowersT. Hopewell& Co., SChicagoCo., New York

Hil. F. Best, Detroit

MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF CIRCULATIONS

illustration, is suggested the cover as by March A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY spring, birth ofTHEfindsSEASONus onceof windwashedmore anticipatingskies leaving winter's the new dormancy behind. The photograph is by L. J. Spuller, Jr., of San Francisco. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

Bring the Sun nearer

in NELLY DON FROCKS

True to their colors through countless tubbings... fitting you afterwards

as well as before... Nelly Don fashions of Enka Rayon give a perfect

performance and keep you looking fresh and sparkling. Choose these

smart fashions for a carefree wardrobe.

1. Garland print Nelda crepe vrith a vrealih of

chann. Entredeaux trims the sleeves and bodice.

Malibu blue. Glamour rose. Spring green

Sizes 12 to 40 $5.98

2. A classic dot dobby crepe. White grounds

with commander blue, gala green, casino red, or rhum brown dot. Sizes 12 to 4Q

$5.98

3. A Ooral stripe Nelda crepe with polo sleeve

and action room in skirt. Novel pockets zip up

center with talon fastener. Turquoise, Clayglo

lust, tropez violet. Sizes 12 to 44 $5.98

AS SEEN IN VOGUE

ZCM

Z. C. M. I., Salt Lake City. Utah

Please send me Nelly Don dresses No. 1, 2, 3

Size...-Color

NAME

ADDRESS - CITY STATE C. O. D. { ) M. O. ( ) CHG. ( )

a/dif SisipA. iTL thsL QaMsUt. o.

BY JUDGEDANIEL JUSTICE GEORGE New Color—charming new tints for yourHARRINGTON home, are ready for you in the SUTHERLAND

VIEW of the extensive comment Detirement of Utah Jurist reINand wide publicity that have calls HIS YOUTHFUL DAYS IN been given to Justice George Provo as he found learning and

Sutherland and to his work and FELLOWSHIP in BrIGHAM YoUNG services it undoubtedly will be ediAcademy.

fying both to the young and the in to recallold the of steps some exquisite, exclusive colors of selfthis truly ofthe early career made man.

To begin with, the writer of thisreview, a fellow student of George Bennett's

Sutherland at the old Brigham Young Academy, recalls that early Pro))frhp in life the future legislator and jur- "bifrist set the legal profession as his Paint goal, and all his studies and activities were directed to that end. for all surfaces, inside and outside.

Within two weeks after our entrance Ask for the FREE large color chips to the Academy, he was then of the for matching with your drapes, carage of seventeen and a half years pets, etc.

and I was of the age of nineteen, At AH Bennett Dealers legal bent, his his if toas show BENNETT GLASS & the law, forpassion he invited me to go with him to see the law liPAINT CO.

brary of his father, the late A. G. Courtesij Deseret News, Sah Lake City

Sutherland, which was then located JUSTICE GEORGE SUTHERLAND in part of the family home in Provo,

Utah. The library was quite a large the Plaintiff and I appeared for the

one for those days, consisting of Defendant. In the course of the arseveral tiers of text books, reports, gument the attorney for the Defend- * \ W JITHfflni A

statutes, and works on pleadings, ant, among other things, said:

etc. In fact, as I recall, they looked "Why, your Honor, even the specvery formidable to me. Clearly, they tators can see that the Defendant

must have been a challenge to ought to win this case."In replying

George's ambition. Yet, nothing to this, Sutherland said: "The gendaunted, he earnestly pursued his tleman on the other side has referred

work as he was even then well on to speckle potatoes. I don't see any

his way to become the accomplished potatoes of that kind here at all."WesrSALTBroaUwavLAKESjltSTAMPLake City.CO.Lrtah

lawyer that he afterwards became. Another instance shows George's

Without undue praise, it may good humor and wit: A part of the 1 Send for Free Samples

justly be said that his courage was work of the Rhetoric Class was to strong and his ideals were high. This give an account of a great conflagraSALT LAKE STAMP CO.!

must have been so, as he wrote in tion in the town. About this time 1 431/2 West Broadway I

my school autograph album: there appeared an extensively adver-

"To the man of determination there is tised play called, "A Party by the no such word as Fate or Chance."Name of Johnson."Every one in and

in of this this premise mind it is near Provo had heard With play. BE INDEPENDENT in pursuing that the several essays easy to understand the day So on

the abstruse subject of logic as prewere to be presented, George was No Other Vocation So Profitable sented by Dr. Karl G. Maeser, and called on to present his effort. His ENROLL NOW

his textbooks dealing with sylloopening statement was: "As I was For a Complete Course at the

gisms and fine classifications, did not coming from home this morning, discourage or disconcert him. traveling west on Center Street, a Ouish School of Beauty Culture

But while George pursued his 'party by the name of Johnson'toldThe Best in the West subjects in a sincere and earnest me that a terrible fire was raging at 336340 S. Main, American Bldg.,

way, he, like Lincoln, Beecher, the West Coop, etc."This was SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Mark Twain, and other clear thinkso pat that it made a decided hit. For Further Iniormation

Call or Catalog "This together of seeing the hugood fellowship, a knack ers, had or 7560 Wasatch of life. fine gentlemanly Sutherland's side occawithmorous On one This Fill in

sion a trial was being held before conduct, helped him in the estimaCoupon the judge of our Moot Court. In tion of his fellow students and won

this case Sutherland appeared for for him abiding favor in later years.

132 "Era"Advertisers Merit Your Patronage.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 193 8

REPORT OF CONDITION OF

UTAH STATE NATIONAL BANK SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

AS OF DECEMBER 31, 1937 RESOURCES LIABILITIES Cash and Due From Banks $ 6,200,452.93

U. S. Securities 6,439,375.00 Demand Deposits.$11,069,306.16

Securities Railroad $ 23,812.50 Time Deposits 2,397,426.20

38,912.50 Securities.... Public Service

: 57,000.00 Industrial Securities Total Deposits... $13,466,732.36

. 4,425.26 Foreign Securities

Securities LOO Other Capital Stock, Common 500,000.00

16,620.50 140,771.76 Stocks

Total Cash and Liquid Assets $12,780,599.69 CapitalPurchasedStock,by OurPreferredOwn Common.. 250,000.00

Loans and Discounts 1,930,764.98 Stockholders

Federal Reserve Bonk Stock.. 31,300.00 Surplus 292,000.00

235,949.79 Banking House

22,433.22 258,383.01 Undivided Profits 510,300.60 Furniture and Fixtures.'

Other Real Estate.... 5,725.18 Total Capital Investment. 1,552,300.60

Other Assets 12,260.10

Total $15,019,032.96 Total $15,019,032.96

OFFICERS OFFICERS

President HEBER GRANT President STEPHEN Vice RICHARDSPresident JOHN W. M. Cashier SMOOTL.

- C. ADAMS - Executive ViceVice President ALVIN ORVAL F.J.W.BENNETT Asst. STRONG RICHARD W. MADSEN Vice President JOHN W. JAMES Asst. CashierCashier

ALL ASSETS ARE UNPLEDGED MEMBER FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION

own IoaCos* Now is the Time to Drain...

and Refill with Fesl'-l""'"a dealer only neighborhood,our It wiU take oil, out the winterworn.,o drain

,..aeoieas..,lon.

the. finest protection YOU can give 7

aa Specializedc.p r.otnot getaet why1.. time, the same At lubricant m tne riahtrigni u +ln ]ob—the Lubrication

right places on the Chassis.

EVERYWHERE STATIONS

LOOK FOR THIS IN UTAH and IDAHO

FAMILIAR SIGN

"The Improvement Era"Believes in the Reliability of its Advertisers. 133

.

Hoaeeooos THE R.L.Polk&Co. THWUSl

'aiSSmEOBUSIIlESUSTS Directory PublisheiB

DIRECTORY Established in Utah dtiMm - 1890 District Office 405 Dooly Block—Salt Lake City By JACK SEARS

Nationally Known Illustrator and Cartoonist

F YOU desired to get a lot of pleas-

I ure out of life, you would not choose to sit astride a fence, would you? Yet we find fence straddlers

all about us. I met one just recently. This fellow had just lost his

job, and the older he gets the harder will be the going for him. This man

of-a-lostjob was bewailing the fact that he had not stuck to his music many years back, and now wished he had done nothing else.

"You cannot be two kinds of man and get anywhere;"he sadly

said to me. "When I was younger I

did not realize it, but now that I'm nearly fifty, it has been driven home to me, A person must choose the thing he cares to do and can do best and stick to it through thick and thin picking. The younger one starts on

the road of happinessin-mywork, the greater the chance to make good.

You know back twentyfive years ago how I loved my music, and you know also that when I went to New

York to study piano how I carried off several prizes for original compositions, and received many flattering notices. "I was offered a good position back home in an office, and I was anxious to get married, so I accepted and forgot my piano as a headliner, and made it a side issue. My friends

j;ir——II II n 'K II -"1 patted me on the back and told me

to forget my music and be happy in my office job. Today I am a failure,

neither this nor a fellow looking for any kind Summli&a/UL get, and very unhappy."that—justof a job I can

IWE OffER..

A COMPLETE ENGRAVING SERVICE If you wish the dehghts of rising higher and seeing farther, intellectually From Missionarycatalogues.portraits to the largest

and spiritually, take advantage of these "summits"of the B. Y. U. Summer Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention.

School: UTAH ENGRAVING CO.

Such renowned experts as Dr. William H. Kilpatrick, educator and 113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah

I author, and Dr. Jean Piccard, stratosphere balloonist, will join the strong

I regular staff.

With such Dr. Franklin of as Church Commissioner L. West, men Edu- \ ENROLL(Commence Later if Desired)NOW I cation, Dr. and M. Bennion, lecturSupervisor, Lynn Seminary teaching and j

ing, the spiritual values will be enhanced. i $25. Discount on a Complete

Cultural and recreational values will be at their peak.! COURSEA StateINAccreditedBEAUTY SchoolCULTURE

JUNE 13—JULY 22; JULY 25—AUGUST 26 [ Ogden School of Beauty Culture

Over Egyptian Theatre OGDElOGDEN, UTAH BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY {I Name PROVO, UTAH

L., Address City State

134 Support the Advertisers Who Support Your Magazine.

MIRACLE

|PRING is returning over the hill.

Wearing a garment all new and bright;

Green and radiant and blossomgay,

A lovely, shimmering, welcome sight.

L/AFFODILS dance in the warming sun;

Violets whisper beneath the grass;

The young trees tremble against the sky,

A miracle surely has come to pass.

pOR what can it be but a miracle.

What would bring backexcept God's hand—

The life, the beauty, the bloom again

To these withered trees and this promised land!

As YOUTH AN

HThe happiness of mankind is not complete

WITHOUT congenial MARRIAGE BUT MARRIAGE IS NOT SOMETHING TO BE ENTERED INTO

LIGHTLY OR TERMINATED AT PLEASURE OR AT THE

FIRST DIFFICULTY THAT MIGHT ARISE AS YOU

TRAVEL DOWN THE HIGHWAY OF MATRIMONY

AND NO COUPLE SHOULD ENTER MARRIAGE WITHOUT CAREFUL OBSERVATION AND PRAYERFUL

THOUGHT.

is age and A day when youth IN difficulties, beset grave with President McKay has gone up and down the Church, delivering a message, which, by the great warmth of his heart, by the kindliness of his nature, and by its very truth, has found ready ears to hear among the young people of the Church. Feeling that this

message should have wider audience and permanent preservation, the editors of The Improvement Era have secured President McKay's permission to reproduce it here, where it will give answer to many who are confronted with false standards, economic difficulties, shortsighted pleasure pursuits, and difficult choices.

unwind a little more, life is cut off in youth. But ofttimes she permits

the thread of life to lengthen to old age. The mythical story implies

that we are all subject to those three fates.

Applying this myth to our modern age, one writer on eugenics says:

Science, and the wide dissemination

And again, verily I say unto you, that of knowledge, have given us three whoso forbiddeth to marry is not ordained fundamental things which determine for of ordained marriage is of God, God our lives. These are heredity, enit that is lawful unto he Wherefore, man.

should have one wife, and they twain shall vironment, and selfeffort, or what be one flesh, and all this that the earth we make of ourselves by our own might answer the end of its creation."- determination. These three modern

Doctrine and Covenants 49:15, 16. fates should be kept in mind as we

consider courtship and marriage.

Greek mythology there is a What we are by heredity is deterINstory of The Three Fates. In mined; we cannot change it. We,

Rome these three fates were who spring from families that have painted, presumably by Michelanobserved the Gospel teachings, have gelo, as three old women who coninherited good qualities as well as trol the destiny of mortals. They good names. The least we can do

are three sisters. Clotha, the youngis to transmit the same inheritance

est, holds the distaff of life. Lachesis, to our children. We are recreant

the second sister, spins the thread to our obligation to society if we do as the years come and go. Atropos, not give to our progeny all the nothe third, stands by with large open bility bequeathed to us by our anshears ready to cut the thread of cestors.

life. If she cuts it short, the infant In our early youth, our environdies. If she permits the thread to ment is largely determined for us.

CONTEMPLATES ETERNAL PARTNERSHIP By PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

0[ the First Presidency

but I wish to refer to the thought had been made at "so much."It had

that in courtship and marriage we been arranged that when the bride can modify, aye, can control to a left the parental roof, a part of that very great extent, our environment. bargain money would be paid. The

Morally speaking, we can carve the balance of it would be withheld for a very atmosphere in which we live. reason I shall relate.

But the most important of these The bridegroom was at his home elements now is personal effort—that waiting for the bride, who would

which we make of ourselves. come to him veiled, half the dowry

money, so Abdul explained, having

TJiSTORY and our own teachings been paid to the father. The bride

tell us that marriage in some entered, with her maids, the brilform or other has been man's fundaliantly colored canopy, and all went mental association since time began. to the bridegroom's home. After

Marriage is ordained of God, and due ceremony the bridegroom saw so marriage was instituted by divine his bride for the first time. Then,

edict. That was in the beginning; our guide explained, there would be

but man has prostituted it and practwo or three days of feasting, durticed different forms of marriage, ing which time the bridegroom could and different methods of obtaining decide whether his bride would mates. Among certain races, wives prove congenial and whether he

were obtained by theft; and among would be happy with her.

some tribes of nomadic peoples We said, "Suppose she doesn't wives were and still are obtained please him, then what would he by purchase. On one occasion do?"

Brother Hugh J. Cannon and I had Then Abdul gave his own exan interesting experience in seeing perience: "Oh, go right on with the

an apt illustration of such bargaincelebration and with the ceremonies, ing. We were riding along the Nile at the conclusion of which the brideriver on the edge of the Sahara Desgroom might (very considerately?)

ert, not far from the large pyramid say: 'Perhaps it would be well for

Cheops, Our guide had promised us to visit your parents again.'Tothat he would show us a glimpse of gether they return to her home. She

Bedouin life that would be interestknows why. Taking a witness with

ing. We had been out along that him, the disappointed bridegroom

desert trail less than an hour when calls the girl's father into another his promise was fulfilled. We saw room and says: 'Here is the rest of

in the distance a caravan of probthe money. Keep your girl'"—and

ably four or five camels, headed by that is all there is to it.

one carrying a beautifully colored We asked: "Suppose the bride

canopy. is dissatisfied with the bridegroom

"What is that?"we asked Abdul.—what then?"

"That,"he said, "is a Bedouin "If she leaves her husband, she wedding."must come back."

"Who rides in the canopy?""Suppose she does not want to

"Nobody,"he answered, "that is come back?"

for the bride.""The law makes her come back,"

"Are the people going to the wedour guide replied.

ding?"Abdul confessed that he had

"They are going for the bride,"made, unsuccessfully, three such atanswered Abdul. tempts to secure a congenial comThen briefly he explained that the panion, and had then given up disbride had been chosen by one of the couraged,

bridegroom's relatives—a mother or

a sister, or perhaps the father. Quite A NOTHER form of securing a mate,

possibly the bridegroom had not and most common among civeven seen the bride. The bargain ilized peoples, is by common consent.

a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1938

ing of a companion determines our future happiness or unhappiness. It

is a part of wisdom, therefore, to associate only with those from whose company you can select a life's partner with whom you will be congenial. If in such companionship

you recognize negative characteristics in him who attracts you, try to let your judgment rule your heart.

Don't fool yourselves, girls, by thinking that after you are married, a man will overcome evil habits or negative traits of character. Let him prove

himself before marriage.

T KNOW you are now asking: "What

are the positive characteristics for which we should seek?"

Among the dominant characteristics a true lover should possess are:

first, honesty; second, loyalty; third,

chastity; and fourth, reverence.

Never marry a man who would deceive you, who would tell you a lie. I think it was Sir Walter Scott

who said: "I will withdraw my

Even as late as when I was on my this a noted divine gives the followhand from a man, were he my best first mission in Scotland a couple ing ominous warning: friend, who would wrong a woman

who merely agreed to marry became By the fate of Ahab, whose wife induced or tell a lie."These virtues which

husband and wife in a commonlaw him to steal; by the fate of Macbeth, whose I have named are qualities which

marriage, which was recognized as wife pushed him into massacre; by the fate will appeal to your mind, toi your

a legal union. Later in history the ofwifeJamesenteredFerguson,the roomthewhilephilosopher,he was lecturwhose observation, to your judgment.

marriage ceremony became sanctiing and wilfully upset his astronomical The real guiding principle, howfied by the Church, and even later apparatus so that he turned to the audience ever, is the divinest attribute of the said, "Ladies and gentlemen, I have and thatthan it was legalized by the law soul—love. to this to misfortune be married the woman"; land. Before I consider this virtue furof the

novelist, fate the the of BulwerLytton, by

Thus we have throughout the whose wife's temper was so incompatible ther, let me give you a wordpicture various nations of the world in modithat he furnished her with a beautiful house of different kinds of wives as writfied form various systems of marnear London and withdrew from her comten by James Allen. He says:

riage. I wish you to keep them in pany,she entertainedleaving heras withpets; abydozenthe fatedogsofwhichJohn Some women in marrying demand all,

mind, and compare them with the Milton, who married a termagant after he and give all. With good men they are

scriptural text appearing at the bewas blind, and when someone called her happy. With base men they are brokenrose, the said: of hearted. "I a poet no judge amginning the of "mat"article—that everything and demand I women Some it flowers, so, for but be may It istiage ordained God."of little. are they give men weak With all daily": fate is thorns the of by these—feel the into dito not entered besomething tyrants. they are strong men With you. warn

lightly or terminated at pleasure or vorced.

at the first difficulty that might arise As I read that I was reminded of congenialSome demandsouls theylittle,areandin giveHeaven.all. WithWith

as you journey down the highway experiences that prompt me to say uncongenial men, they are soon in their of matrimony. If the world could this to our girls: graves.

little. little give These and demand Some fate thatrealize thought-—of the one married By the girl who that—just the neither heartless bring beings who in unfit for the marriage, not have United a manwe should who life of the best death. of nor was arejoy

States today one out of every five warned, who did not heed the warnmarriages wrecked on the shoals of ing, and whom I met ten years later In choosing a companion, it is divorce. in sorrow; by the fate of the girl necessary to study the disposition,

No couple should enter into matriwho married a brute, although she the inheritance, and training of the mony without careful observation knew that three other women had one with whom you are contemplatand serious, prayerful thought. had to leave him; and by the fate of ing making life's journey. You see

Everyone desires to live happily in the girl who married a disloyal—how necessary it is to look for the

married life. It is the natural, it is rake; by the fate of the girl who marcharacteristics of honesty, of loyalty,

the normal life. The stability of ried a drunkard—I warn you. of chastity, and of reverence. Butgovernment, and the perpetuation of I know those are negative picafter having found them—"How

the race depend upon it. The haptures, but it is well for us to keep then,"you ask, "may you tell

piness of mankind is not complete our eyes open in courtship. That is whether or not there is any consanwithout congenial marriage. Let us one way in which we can "carve"guinity, that something which will

then consider briefly some conditions our environment. Association is the make you at least congenial in each

which will contribute to the happielement in which our hearts become other's company?""Is there,"you

ness of married life: warm. How important it is, then, ask, "some guide?"Though love is

The first step is choosing the right that the companion of each be chosen not always a true guide, especially companion. On the importance of wisely and prayerfully. The choosif that love be not reciprocated, or

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1938 is bestowed upon a surly creature or VouNG men and women have just sown by your ability to master your a brute, yet certainly there is no entered into that state of life driving passion. Chastity should be

happiness without love. "Well,"when they are driven by heaventhe dominant virtue among young

you may ask, "how may I know bestowed passions—I say Godpeople—the ideal which the world

when I am in love?"given passions. There are young has not accepted, and which many

That is a very important question. men, who, recognizing this fact, say: in the world will not believe exists

A fellow student and I considered "Having them, why cannot we grator is cherished in the hearts of youth.

that query one night as we walked ify them?"And they receive justifiYou young men who have been on

together. As boys of that age frecation for such gratification somemissions well know how astonished

quently do, we were talking about times from modern psychologists some people were when you told ol girls. Neither he nor I knew whethfalse leaders who say that repression your pure life. Some of them said

er we were in love or not. Of is wrong; that indulgence is the natbluntly that they did not believe you.

course I had not then met my present ural course of life. Uo not be misled. But it is true.

sweetheart. That young man is now I repeat, you are at that period of In the Latterday Saint Church

the General Superintendent of the life in which your physical nature there is but one standard of morality.

Young Men's Mutual Improvement manifests itself, but you must also In the world many people protect

Association of the Church—Elder remember that God has given you, their girls and daughters, irrespecGeorge Q. Morris. In answer to my in that same period of life, powers tive of religion. They know what

question, "Hov may we know when of reasoning; he has given you judgit means for young girls to be treated

we are in love?"he replied: "My ment, and these for a divine purpose. as slaves, as playthings, and they

mother once said that if you meet a Let reason and judgment be your shield their own daughters from the girl in whose presence you feel a balance. ravages of men. But their boys are guide—yourdesire to achieve, who inspires you Did you ever stand by the side too often left free to prey upon helpto do your best, and to make the of a power engine—throbbing, less creatures who are not so promost of yourself, such a young throbbing, throwing out its power tected.

woman is worthy of your love and and disseminating heat? On those Thus in the world you have the

is awakening love in your heart,"stationary engines, you will find baldouble standard, but in the Church

I submit that, young men, as a ances. If it were not for them the of Christ there is but a single standtrue guide. In the presence of the whole building might be blown up. ard. It applies to the boys as well

girl you truly love you do not feel But as the heat intensifies, those as to the girls. If you follow that

to grovel; in her presence you do not balances are thrown farther out and standard—indeed, if you will listen

attempt to take advantage of her; out, so that the whole thing is under to the promptings of your best self,

in her presence you feel that you control. So you have your reason, your clearest judgment, the whiswould like to be everything that a your judgment, as balances to your perings of your own true heart, you

Master Man should become, for she passion, young men. Try not to lose will learn this lesson: That selfwill inspire you to that ideal. And I these balances, or there may be an mastery during youth and the comask you young women to cherish explosion that "will wreck your life. pliance with the single standard of

that same guide. What does he This brings me to another fact, morality is ( 1 ) the source of virile

) the crown of beautiful inspire in you—to feel as Portia did equally if not more important than manhood; ( 2

when she loved? She was wealthy; those already mentioned. It is this: womanhood; (3) the foundation of

she was beautiful; but for Bassanio The seeds of a happy married life a happy home,'and (4) the conshe wished she were a thousand are sown in youth. Happiness does tributing factor to the strength and

times more beautiful, ten thousand not begin at the altar; it begins durperpetuity of the race!

times more rich—that is what true ing the period of youth and courtShakespeare uttered an eternal

love does. When a young man acship. These seeds of happiness are truth when he had the old servant

companies you after a meeting, or Adam say, as he pleaded to accomafter a dance, and he shows an inpany his young master in the forest:

clination to use you as a conThough I look old, yet I am strong and venience, or as a means of gratificalusty;

tion, then you may put it down that For in my youth I never did apply he is not prompted by love. Hot and rebellious liquors in my blood;

Under such circumstances, no TheNor didmeansnot ofwithweaknessunbashfuland foreheaddebility. woo

matter how fascinated you may be, Therefore my age is as a lusty winter.

young woman, no matter how confiFrosty, but kindly.

dent you may feel that you love him, let your judgment rule and you be Laxity in youth is a sight draft master of your feelings. It may that must be paid in age. Twenty,

grieve you not to follow the inclinathirty, forty years hence, you must tion of your heart, but you had better pay it. Mastery, and Chastity, arc

be pained a little in your youth than also seeds sown which will pay large to suffer pangs of torture later. dividends in years hence, and those

Courtship is a wonderful period. years pass quickly—oh, so quickly.

one. a sacred It should be That is Selfcontroleffort—is not. achieved without time in choose the your which you

mate. Young men, your success in It is easy enough to be virtuous

life depends upon that choice. When nothing tempts you to stray,

Choose prayerfully the one who inWhen without or within no voice of sin spires you to your best and always IsButluringit's onlyyoura soulnegativeaway.virtue

remember that no man injures the Until it's tried by fire;

thing he loves. {Concluded on page 191

The articles of faith

This principle has been recognized from the beginning of time. The xii. JhsL JokhanL SpihiL battle in the Great Council of preexistent time concerned man's free

provided agency. The plan of God By DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE selfeffort, aided that, through by

Of f/ze Council of the Twelve divine love, man should become fitted for celestial glory. Lucifer proposed that all mankind should be

{Read the Eleventh Article of others advance; or even to engage saved without any effort of their

Faith ) in practices that destroy in part his own. "Wherefore, because that

natural endowment. This right to Satan rebelled against me, and

of to the destroy man, sought agency is his essential the way the of through choose obagesGROWTH I, given the had which Lord God, is called time free the often agency jective of plan of salvathe

I that him, should caused he... is It of the distinguishing man. tion constant, unending—Satan, cast he and be became down; is intelligent It of creatures. mark of mustgrowth. powers man The all devil, of father yea, the the even priceless dearest, the possesmost increased every with developed,be lies, blind to deceive men, to and individual. sion of every Indeed, of terminology In the day.passing his at will captive to lead them and every person be measured may by in a ever Gospel,the be must man,"... that 4:3, 4.) (Moses On the his of free use he makes agency. originalstate progression. of The seal the the occasion, placed Lord

degree of man's powers matters of His approval upon the principle little; their steady increase is of of progression through selfeffort,

much concern. Final judgment will made possible by the possession of

be based on the use that a man has free agency.

made of the talents committed to Likewise, at the beginning of him. earth time Adam and Eve stood

Growth, confined by its very naforth as free agents. "And I, the

ture to living things, is ever from Lord God, took the man, and within. It can never come from the put him into the Garden of Eden,

outside as a soldier puts on a unito dress it, and to keep it. And I,

form. It is a process of unfolding. the Lord God, commanded the man,

Such development of innate powers saying: Of every tree of the garcomes from selfefFort. The indiden thou mayest freely eat, but of

vidual must consciously set about to the tree of the knowledge of good sharpen, increase, develop his and evil, thou shalt not eat of it, natural gifts. One traveler through nevertheless, thou mayest choose for

a new land sees but houses flitting thyself, for it is given unto thee..."

by the train; another sees the spirit ( Moses 3:1517.) The commands of

of a foreign civilization. One stuGod, in the higher sense, are but

dent masters the shell of a subject; statements of cause and effect; they

another pries into its soul. It all never seek to abrogate the right of

depends upon individual selfefFort. the human will.

SelfefFort, in turn, is an expression In modern revelation this prinof choice. Man may choose to enciple has been set forth with great

gage in the toil and labor that lead lucidity: "The Lord God gave unto

to progression; or to stand idly by as man that he should act for himself."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1938

(2 Nephi 2:16.) "All truth is "\Tt7HiLE every man should claim

independent in that sphere in which the right to befieve and worGod has placed it, to act for itself, ship as he chooses, he must always as all intelhgence also; otherwise remember that all other men have

there is no existence. Behold, here equal claim upon the same privilege.

is the agency of man."(Doctrine Whoever love the right of personal

and Covenants 94:30, 31.) There choice will respect the same right of

can be no question about the intheir fellow men. That is, the effect

alienable right of man to possess of the principle of free agency is to and to exercise the right of free make men tolerant of one another's agency. beliefs. That does not mean a surrender of any cherished truth, but,

this doctrine with N FULL accord fact the recognition of merely, the I right claim Saints the Latterday in his that every way, man, own choose, as they to think worship and the path to discover must be allowed FAITH ARTICLES OF to contrary as it is not long so Clearly, progression. to that leads Christ Jesus the Church of the Of

live, they land of the in which law Saints Latterday of truth possessor of the the must teach and not an infringement upon the 1. We believe in God, the Eternal truth to others; if they choose to

Father, in His and rights of others. For that matter, Son, Jesus Christ, listen, he must help the wanderers Ghost. in the Holy and

in their to coerce believe any attempt punmen be that men will 2. We in instance light; but must no

sins, for into for not their ovfn and beliefs, practices under or in their kind transgression. of be used. compulsion any the Adam'sished

3. the believe Atonethat, through evil one. is the of law, held We be to life will to taught once come Truth all be Christ, of mankind may ment thought, speech, Full of freedom to the saved, and laws obedience by it. steeled in against a heart not

Gospel. ordinances of the the restrained action, only byand principles first believe 4. that the We therefore, Saints, Latterday The first. rights are: Gospel the oi'dinances of of land the the and of andlaw

others, is a vital tenet of "MormonRepentanceFaith in the; Lordthird. JesusBaptismChristby; immersecond, are a tolerant people. They know

sins sion of remission for the its logical concluism."to Carried

the Laying of hands for on gift; fourth,of the thatLord theyJesuspossessChrist thein itsGospelpurity.of theAt that sion, this in the Church means Ghost. Holy

5. be believe must that a man this sacrifice We great teach they system finally rest his mustevery person called the of God, prophecy, and by by

truth of the world; to all but always of those laying are hands, by on who his personal uponmembership own

in to Gospel authority the and preach that truth as of bearers to a world ojffered truth the of theconviction of thereof. in administer ordinances the

organization believe in the to same the accept or reject has full right of doctrine and practice.body in Primitive existed the Church, offering. grieve over the may They pastors, teachers, prophets, Nevertheless, the freedom viz.,that6. apostles,We though

evangelists, etc. of humanity, the blindness over in all issues oneself forto of choose gift tongues, in 7. believe of the We

alvisions, revelation, world's but sorrows, prophecy, selfmade healing, life gift indescribable of worth, is a etc. interpretation of tongues, with the hope day that some ways it it that is as 8. be to remembered must the believe Bible the be word We

a twoedged weapon. Properly ofrectlyGod; weas alsofar believeas it isthetranslatedBook of Morcor- those who now cannot see will open

light truth. their to of the eyes the of God. be it word mon but, will upward;used move man

9. reall believe has that God Weto it will surely used, asimproperly all reveal, that does and spirit now He of tolerance Latmakes The

believe reveal will yet that w many He Itpush downward. was man that to Saints glad a terday know pertaining important things by greatvealed, and

to that of of their the God. exercisethe Kingdom free agency the person even of has a fragment

10. in believe literal gathering the We followersLucifer became and his It is Israel restoration of the the his the of better possession. and in Gospel in

devil and his cohorts. This was thisTen Tribes[the;American]that Zion willcontinent;be built uponthat to accept one Christian doctrine,

ancient theclearly expressed will by Christ personally the reign upon all. at none

; rethan will earth and, that earth be the free are Nephi:prophet "Men its receive glory. paradisiacal to newed In the tolerant spirit the same 11. privilege of claim worshiplife, the eternal Weandchoose liberty and

dicto the ing according Almighty God deals or with Church lukewarm all great of the mediationthrough tates of allow conscience, our and own their drifting have members. all let They privilege, the same them men captivity to choose ormen, and where, worship or they may. what free agencies. the Church them To to 12. subject in believe captivity being to thedeath, according and Wehow,

its presidents, rulers, offers and magisof teachings in the hope devil."of the Nephipower (2 2: kings,trates, in susobeying, honoring, and Naturally, acceptance. those who taining law. the the prophet warn27, Alma ) And true, believe being honest, in 13. We truth accept not canthe Gospel do that chaste, virtuous, in dobenevolent,ed wages "Every and man receiveth

all as officers to serve not indeed, be allowed to ing say good we men mayof to he listeth him whom of obey."that follow Paul the admonition; we for in of or teachers the Church, all things, hope we We 3:27.)(Alma

things, things, endured have many believewe false all offering teachleadership and In the a certain use of free agency all to things. able to be endure hope and

virtuous, If there is anythinginfallible is available. guide report Truth of good lovely,we seekor ing,to itselfthe Churchor its members.would not be honest after these Smith. into enlightenment;leads upward things.-—Josephor praiseworthy,

falsehood, downward into darkness. Great is the thought that man,

"Ye shall know the truth, and the small as he seems to be in the midst truth shall make you free,"said the all must be laid aside, if need be, in of infinite realities, yet has the right

Savior to His disciples. Whoever the acceptance of truth. The will to choose his way through universal

would use their free agency safely, for truth, which is the will for righttime, and thus to spell out in ceasemust, first of all, be lovers of and eousness, must be established. Only less acts the sentence to be imposed

seekers after truth. Tradition, prethen can the gift of free agency be upon him in the great day of judgconceived notions, life's practices safely employed. ment.

CTSvQTD

14t Beckoning ROADS By DOROTHY CLAPP ROBINSON

It had been built with the idea of He insisted on taking father up to building on next year, or the next his office to examine him."

at the most. The addition had ma- "Yes?"

terialized into an abortive leanto "He said not to hope too much."

that hugged the length of the orig- "Mother!"

inal two rooms. The yard was bare, "S-sh. We must not let him

but against the house clumps of know. Poor thing, he could hardly

phlox were beginning to show signs stand the ride home;"and then beof life. Trees, to the west of the cause the mother eyes had seen

THAT THE LOOK SEEN SHE HAD "IT house, refused to change the drab something amiss, "\Vhy are you FACE, HUSBAND'S HER SWEPT

I thought you were RIGHTIS NOT START."ALONE A MATTER OF THE color scheme. They had been set home so early? out when the place was new, but going to Vera's and stay for meetdiscouraged by the lack of water, ing. Did something go wrong?"

they had stopped growing and now "Yes,"Nancy bit her lip to still

FAR: Nancy THUS STORY its for trembling. only excuse a had being was to goodTHE "We two their Holverson, Peter Porter and

in of a clothesline time the hold Avrong the ends but it ended on youngmarriageable and verymuch-in'love people ot a rural Mormon community, found place. note."

themselves anticipating "their spring"—the Nancy scraped the mud from her "What does that mean?"

others in of with they, spring which "It door at their shoes open a pushed and means I am not engaged to to the to Temple decided go friends, had the leanto. of more."Pete one end Hunched any time. at Conference to married June be

But seemingly poor agricultural prospects before a kitchen stove, feet in oven, "Why, Nancy Porter, how can and accumulated debt caused Peter, a high'sat a prematurely old man. He you say such a thing and your wedprincipled and cautious young man, to posflooked up as she entered. ding only a month or two away."

"better until the marriagepone times.""Hello, Daddy. Where is mothThe girl repeated what had haphis wisdom, and his motives Questioning

and in the anger of her disappointment, er/ pened and ended with, "You sec.

Nancy impulsively served notice on her "In there somewhere. You're Mother, he put it aside without askbetrothed that the "postponement"would back early."ing or considering my side of the

the "engagement be and permanent was "Yes. was intensified embarrassment The off."

couples that of "their fact two the "Uhhuh—andDid you wego sawto town?"the docquestion,I did. Thatevenshowsafter Ihetoldis nothim reallywhat by

crowd,"Mark and Phyllis, and Lynn and tor."in love with me or he would not act

Vera, who were apparently less economNancy stopped short. "What did that way. Lynn didn't."

to decided marriage, ically prepared for is a difference such besay?"go he "There notwithstanding. their plans with through

Pete Lynn. "Well, I don't know if I got it tween and I am sure post with parted, hopes these two soAnd

it. Pete had some legitimate reason orponed—or abandoned—exactly. He had a big name for

All I could get was my stomach has he would not have postponed it. He

CHAPTER TWO come uncoupled."is as eager to get married as you are.

"Has what?"He understands you well enough to

"Has come uncoupled. That's know you did not mean what you

spells."these said."brings on the what RIDE from,HE home -Lh fear, yet resistsudden with Cold "But I did mean it, every word. reaction quiet one: a a lavas wasT

kissed If smile, cares, stooped she a ing has he a of funny and he way spirits that charhigh the had from it. it is his worry. third head. time "Don't the top This the of showing probthe acterized day. Each was

all is will is If that that postponed, has been he wrong has done and we thoughts. his At her or ing own

I it If to again."postponing. willing get the hooked up am said: Peter gate Nancy's living the into conditions be. room. should with passed put he up She for you.""I will unsaddle

from but a bedroom coming in love with me, is not mother he He but I would rather do Her "Thanks, alis at her, puzzled. looked a housekeeper, he wants and "Home

it this time."

girl better that afraid a to ready?"ask knows betprotest, thought to started He father?"about here. out to conditions put with up "What his it turned with a nod of ter and

tired sick of it. From and now I am the mother's a long moment For lane. tendAfter the horse down thinking doing on and I am own my fingers struggled with brown bony corral, at the horse her ing Nancy

turned back to the house with lagher apron strings. Her face, when not falling for any halfhearted

ging feet. she lifted it to Nancy, was seamed

Although twilight was kind to it, with deep, tired lines.

the house, like Nancy's old sweater, "We were visiting at Jessup's ILLUSTRATED BY was faded to an indeterminate color. when Dr. Bruce came to see Fred. FIELDING K. SMITH

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1938

"He's mighty busy,"she had told them, "so he had just better get 'somebuddy'to do all this here work.

Poor Chris, he is sure all in."She

indicated her husband as she wiped her eyes on her apron. How long?"

"Can't tell,"Dr. Bruce had answered, "but I want him under observation for a while so I am taking

him back with me. We may operate

later. I'd say, roughly, two months

or maybe three."

And that had been a month ago.

Nancy was numb with disappointment. She combed the furrow listlessly with a garden rake. She and

Carl were finishing planting a garden. Dale was in the field with the

team. She leaned on the rake and

watched him.

"Why doesn't Dale whistle any more?"she asked when she had

watched the team go up the field and back. "He's got a grouch on. Says we

are throwing the seed away by planting it. Get a move on, can't

you? I wanna get through sometime."

Reluctantly Nancy turned to her work. She knew how Dale felt.

Carl would feel that way, too, when he was old enough to know about this endless procession of fruitless summers and overbearing winters;

when he knew the canker of frustrated hopes and unsatisfied longON THE BANK OF THE CANAL THEY ings; when he knew how other peoPAUSED. NANCY CAUGHT HER ple lived. She drew a sharp breath

BREATH BEFORE SCENE AT THE "GLORIOUS,""LET'S HER. and turned again to watch Dale. A WHISPERED. SHE

HOPE THOSE CLOUDS MEAN RAIN."sickening wave of rebellion hit the

pit of her stomach. She felt bruised

promises. Do you suppose there and sore and old. Why must things

is a place on earth where I could get break so badly for them. Dale dework?"served the best there was. He

"I wonder. Work is so scarce."would get it for himself, too, except

Then her face brightened with a that father was sick and he was sudden thought. "Do you remember needed here. If she could only have

Mr. Woods, the sheepman from secured work. If she could have

Little Smokey? I cooked there one had that work at the sheep ranch

summer; you remember that if you she could help them both. She

do not recall him. Dr. Bruce told Oh, I wouldn't; there are too many should not have expected it. Such

us his timekeeper is sick and he is men after such places. It would be disappointments hurt so, but where

going over there tomorrow. He too good to be true."else in this part of the world was

might bring the sick man back to "Mr. Woods liked me. That there another vacancy? Everyone,

the hospital. There might be a might help, and Dr. Bruce's word it seemed, was out of work and no

chance of getting his job."would go a long way. He will let one was hiring. It was all on ac-

"But could I do it?"eagerly. you ride over with him, I know."count of the way they lived.

"Why not? With the commer- "Wake up. I got a plane to fincial work you have had? He is /\pRiL the fifteenth and ish,"Carl called to her. "You are

more than a bookkeeper, for he tends then May the first. The day after as bad as Dale. Pete ain't been

the commissary and keeps track of the tobe-remembered picnic to the around lately, I guess you are worall supplies sent out and keeps the lavas Nancy had gone to Little rying over him."

men's time. There is nothing about Smokey with Dr. Bruce. Mr. Wood "Don't say 'ain't'and never mind

it you could not do if Mr, Woods had not been at home but she had Pete. He hasn't anything to do with

will have a g!rl. He has very deleft a written application for work. the way I feel."

cided ideas."The housekeeper at the ranch, who She attacked her work with vigor,

"He may have all the ideas he was the sick man's wife, assured her but her thoughts soon wandered cares to if he will only hire me. Do she would call Mr. Wood's attenagain. Next week the Gleaners

you suppose I would have a chance? tion to it as soon as he returned. (Continued on page 187)

JhsL PROTESTORS OF STENDOM

a STORY DEALING WITH THE WRIT INGS AND TEACHINGS OF THE APOSTOLIC FATHERS AND WITH THOSE NOTABLE CHARACTERS OF RELIGION WHO THROUGH THE CEN TURIES HAVE PROTESTED AND WHO HAVE BEEN PROTESTED AGAINST.

ii.-i"By JAMES L BARKER Head of the Department of Modern Languages at the University of Utah, and a member of the

General Board of the Deseret Sunday School

Union the passage. Mourret (Catholic)

states, "Nothing is more remarkable than the insistence with which

Saint Justin, Theophilus of Antioch.

Saint Irenaeus, Tertullian, Clement of Alexandria,"and Origen repeat that it was the Word (Jesus) who was revealed in the divine appearances in the Old Testament. They

SPITE of much dissension and JUSTIN Martyr ( 1 03- 1 66 ) make use of this argument in order

INopposition from without, ChrisIrenaeus (died about to show to the Jews that Jesus Christ tianity did not cease to spread. 200); Tertullian (160is no other than 'the angel of Israel'

their fato appeared so often of Alexanwho 220); Clement after half century a and a Within

thers; dria it to (died before they employ 216); convince there Pentecost, were of the day

is that Christianity pagans not Origen (183254). the distant provin the most churches

religion, a that it but goes back new in in Afin inces: Gaul, Germany,

..."'to birth the of humanity the rica, in beyond even Egypt, and

to of the then Christ is "the Justin, According were some What frontiers. Roman things taught? Apologists the

in dewrote those Although who Asia of pupil and Polycarp. a Minor was for that states the Mourret

in faith his cenin second but the wrote Greek, the of He fense Adversus first centuries,"the Christians "of survives translations in haereses only Latin the history Apolas to tury, known Father, the the Son, the and Holy "patched has and been quotations from by of the to time ogists, nearer were later writers."individualiSpirit "separate were the writers of the than Apostles the Tertullian of or Carthage (160220 240) ties."that the teaches Justin'Son

strict fifth centuries, rigid they his in thinking were was and both fourth and is distinct the numerically from Fain his writing. and Fiery energetic, and silence in over by largely passed

three him, for the and, of ther life, one later led in he of his was because severe and, of later day a theologians the standards, into writings Montanism. His is in 18 the 19 Genesis and men Intimes, condemned. they at were are numerous. is for only not Son; the Son He of are their writings intelthe (185254) greatest Origen deed, though "was

all is for of the Justin, but Son He lect of 'the the disEastern Church, most history of conthe for great value tinguished the of and most influential all the troversy and "the origins of Christhe Apologists"who comment on theologians of the ancient Church,'the and tianity,"modern Christianity was 'Mourret, Les Odgines chretiennes, p 316. first theologian to write a systematic treatise

largely shaped in the fourth cenJustin Martyr (103166) was born at of the Christian doctrine. He stood alone

tury with little regard to the ApoloNeapolis in Samaria. He frequented variin his day as a master of Hebrew."Hurst,

the Outline Christian History of of atAn schools of philosophy ous and was could Smith have gists. Since Joseph Literature, 65. his of writings p. Many failed but the tracted of Plato, philosophy by the quesof them, nothing known the Fifth were condemned by General in it. to find contentment drawn was He

tion, "How do the doctrines and to Christianity because he admired a reliCouncil (553).

rites they practiced compare with gion that could so influence men that they "Clement of Alexandria, (died before 216) the doctrines and ordinances rewould suffer martyrdom. After he became though interested chiefly in philosophy, is a

to Christian, the a short continued he very figure wear important in early Smith?"is of more stored by Joseph his literature. cloak of a philosopher. writings, Miscellanies. Of wrote He ChristianWho is interest. than usual is the and Apologies the Dialogue rich two with Trysaved, who the Pedagog, man

For nearly a century now, church pho have survived. He died a martyr. etc.; "he is desirous of furnishing [Chrishistorians, eager to justify their beJustin, Dialogue with Trypho, LII, LVI. tianity] with a good basis of philosophy

of reconciling and it with contemporary III, vi, Irenaeus, I; Tertullian, Adversus discovering liefs a by and practices

O. Bardenhewer, Patrology, p. II, thought."XIII; Origen, Praxeam, In Johannem for historical foundation them, have 128. xxiii. Eusebius, Ecclesiastical See also Hisdirected their attention to the first tory I, ii, 7. 'Mourret, Les Origines chretiennes, p.

two centuries of the Church. Irenaeus, bishop of Lyons, was born in 316.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 19 3,8 firstborn of all creation.'"May this is summarized in this respect by pre, ic hers of the Gospel, should debe interpreted"that He is "our elder Kirsopp Lake in his introduction,o scend into hell tO'instruct and bapbrother? Eusebius'Ecclesiastical Histoi y: tize the just of the ancient law alAccording to Origen, "no heavEusebius "maintains that the teachready dead.""

enly being is entirely without a body, ing of Christianity was neither new Justin writes, "that even up to more or less subtile,'and "One has nor strange.... It had been followhis time prophetic gifts illuminated

even accused St. Justin, in chapter ed centuries before them by Abrathe Church..."'"* Archambault, the

10 of the fragment Concerning the ham and Moses and the later prophFrench editor of Justin, says in his

Resurrection, of distinguishing three ets; and the religion of the patriarchs introduction to Justin (p. 42): "The

elements, for he writes there that was identical with that of the Chrisgifts, which were the primitive manthe body is the house of the soul, tians...."ifestation of the Holy Spirit in the

and the soul that of the spirit.'"The student of church history Christian Church, remained still

(Compare Joseph Smith: Intelliwill have little difficulty in recogniznumerous during the second cengence, spirit, body. See Doctrine and ing that this teaching is in direct tury (see Irenaeus II, xxxii, 4); in

Covenants line of Justin Martyr, Aristides, the time of Origen they had almost

Origen writes "that evil was inClement of Alexandria, and Oridisappeared."

troduced into the world by the freegen."Justin affirms that "One may see

dom that had been created and that By way of explanation, Eusebius among us men and women who have sins had been committed by human says: "The life of men in the past (Coni'muecf on pag-e 185)

souls before the present order of was not capable of receiving the Christians. Each revelation is accompanied

things. (Compare Joseph Smith: complete wisdom and virtue of the by an explanation..."Kirsopp Lake,

some men more obedient than othteaching of Christ.""Introduction to the Shepherd of Hermas.

ers. ) All were created equal in facIrenaeus acquaints us with the The Shepherd of Hermas was written by

ulties and gifts, but all were not idea of dispensations. God worked Rome.Hermas, Piusthe wasbrotherbishopof bishopof RomePiusaboutof

equally faithful to God and, in conto save man by giving in succession 148 A, D. Some are of the opinion that

sequence, differences exist between the four "testaments"from Adam the Shepherd may have been written twenty them; some became the angels (?), to Noah, from Noah to Moses, from or thirty years earlier.

others human souls and others evil Moses to Jesus Christ, and again 3, "The5, 6. ShepherdCompare ofSimilitudeHermas,IX,Vision16, 1,III,2.

spirits. by our Lord Jesus Christ."Cited by Tixeront, Histoire des Dogmes. p.

143. not should of those become What that taught 5: 16, Sim. Martyr IX, Shepherd Hermas, The ofJUSTIN dispensations? the baptized during the

teachers preached apostles and who teachnot new. His Gospel was If says Irenaeus anything about it, "thesein having of the the God, Son of name Apologists other of theing and that the not does faith the to have in seem of passage fallen the asleep and power

to also of had those God, preached Son who survived, but says "that Hermas"'Justin, with Ttypho, Dialogue CXXXIII,..."fallen before Kirsopp asleep them the apostles the the doctors, viii, 1. and also II, 2; see2; XLVI, Apology, translation. Lake

'Cited Mourret, Les Origines chrc'by 307.tiennes, p. "Eusebius, Ecclesiastical History, 1, 2, 3. footnoteKirsoppandLakeadds,cites"Theotherideapassagesthat hearingin a

Tixeront, Histoire des Dogmes dans I'An- "Irenaeus III, 11. 8; IV, 9.3. the gospel and baptism is necessary for the

tiquite chretienne, vol. 1, p. 258. ""The Shepherd of Hecmas... consists salvation of the righteous dead of pre-

"Origen, Strom, VI, 14, col. 337; IV, 18, of a series of revelations made to Hermas by Christian times is common, but it is more

col. 1321; DePrincipiis II, 9, 6, also Ad'the Church, who appears in the form of a usually the Christ himself who descends to

versus Celsum, IV, 70, 54; cited by Tixerwoman, first old, and afterwards younger; Hades for the purpose."

ont, Histoire des Dogmes dans I'Antiquite by the shepherd, or angel of repentance; and "Eusebius, Ecclesiastical History IV,

chretienne, vol. 1, p. 312. by the great angel, who is in charge of the xviii, 8.

ADVENTURE

N HEALTH On. Out&fwhm.

Tyiidudionway. Sp&akdu Out

By GLYNN BENNION O/ f/ie Church Historian's Office

HAVE just read a very interest-

I ingThe andWordimportanto[ Wisdom,book AentitledMod ern Interpretation. This book, which

is a collaboration of Dr. John A.

and Mrs. Leah D. Widtsoe, deals

for the first time in Wordof-Wisdom discussion more especially with the positive health directions of that revelation than with its prohibitions.

I wish my grandmothers could have had this book, so that its precepts on foods might have become "traditionated"in the family long ago. I

wish I might have had it as a dietWHATEVERHABITS OF THETHEIR DIETARYHOMES, ary guide during my two years in OFWHETHERTHESE GOODYOUNGSTERSOR BAD, HAVEFEW the mission field. I hope every misTHE JUDGMENT TO SELECT

sionary now in the field may have SERVINGTHE BESTHEALTHFOODSWHENFOR AWAYPRE- a chance to read it. FROM PARENTAL GUIDANCE.

This hope touching the missionaries is inspired by my own experience and observation in the field faulty eating are the very ones who member, this was twentyfive years and by some acquaintance with the have been used to the best food at ago, when doctors relied almost compilation of mission history. In home; for during a sheltered childsolely on drugs to rectify all human

my own case, I was afflicted with hood when healthy tissues were beailments. ) This is what that doctor

a perfectly miserable stomachache ing built up by simple, natural foods, prescribed: I must avoid all fruits

throughout practically my whole their bodies had no cause to develop and vegetables; I must live on hardmission. I saw considerable ill- a resistance against the evil effects boiled eggs and meat; I must carry

health of a similar nature among of improper eating, and so react a bottle of cascara and take a dose my companions. In 1928, for examquickly and with decided discomof the stuff three times a day.

ple, the Church spent more than fort to whatever deficiencies or tox- $12,000 in the medical care of sick ins accumulate, following a bad 'T'hat first summer I spent among missionaries. In one year in the change. By making the Word of the dryfarms of the southern

Western States Mission alone 15 Wisdom a guide in the selection of Palouse country in eastern Washmissionaries out of a force of 1 05 had food I feel sure that the greenest ington, traveling without "purse or to be taken to hospitals for appendix "rooky"missionary could ordinarily scrip."During that awful summer I

operations. I feel sure that prackeep in good health anywhere. had no need of the doctor's admotically all of this suffering, expense By way of justification for speaknition not to eat fruit and vegeand impairment of efficiency could ing out on this subject, permit me tables. I never saw any in that land

have been avoided if the missionto relate one of my "missionary exwhere the only water to be had was aries had eaten the right kind of periences": hauled in tanks from the railroad

food. Just prior to going on my mission or from widely scattered wells bored

Our missionary boys and girls go I fell ill with some sort of digestive through 600 feet or more of lava out into the world so very young disorder, due, as I think, to several rock. There were no gardens or

and inexperienced. Whatever the years of extremely poor eating while orchards in all that dreary sea of

dietary habits of their homes, whethaway from home attending school. wheat fields. We were lucky to get

er good or bad, few of these youngMy looks betraying my poor physone or two meals a day of bread, sters have the judgment to select ical condition, when I arrived in Salt fried eggs, and meat. I certainly

the best foods for preserving health Lake City to be set apart I was sent needed that doctor's prescription.

when away from parental guidance. to a doctor for an examination. The By fall I was a very sick boy, inIndeed, it may well be that the first doctor said I could go provided I deed; hardly able to drag my weary

missionaries to show the effects of would follow his instructions, {Re- {Concluded on page 167).

A PHYSICIAN'S ADVICE DEATH of an Elder in the toTHEmission field due to a ruptured appendix is a far too frequent occurrence; and I have long felt that

if missionaries could be given careful MISSIONARIESinstruction, it would safeguard them as far as it is possible to do so \17atch your appendix AND against this serious affliction. In OBSERVE THESE RULES not wait, on the hope that it will get

examining missionaries before they WHEN IT GIVES YOU TROUBLE—better, until serious trouble has deleave for the field of labor, I have veloped.

tried to impress upon them the need There is only one certain cure for is see time at that they appendicitis,for care, but the removal and that By DR. JOSEPH reforlittle them safely and danger ahead of the appendix. This can be

httle are of what they in the chronic done case, and beforemember told. R. MORRELL

for inexperienced are the most in the the appendix has rupturedThey part and have depended on parents acute case. After rupture has octo guard them against illness, and curred, however, we have an enwhen the emergency arises, they tirely different problem, and here

usually do the wrong thing. In operation should not be done. Nasuch a serious affliction as appenditure can handle the situation much

citis, one cannot make a mistake more safely then, and our efforts without imperiling his life, and so he should be directed toward helping should know definitely what to do. nature. The patient should be

Death from acute appendicitis kept quiet in bed with stomach empty usually is due to rupture of the apexcept for hot, clear liquids. Use

pendix and peritonitis which follows sedatives and local applications of the rupture. This is practically the heat or cold to quiet the pain and

only cause of death. Rupturing of intestinal movements.

the organ does not occur in all cases, Pus may form and have to be but no one can tell which cases will drained, but that may be done safely rupture and which will not. Rupat a later time if necessary. Usually

ture occurs usually about twentythe attack will subside in a few days four hours after the onset of the atand exceedingly few will develop tack, but it may occur earlier—someperitonitis if treated in this way.

times as early as eighteen or twenty Huge masses of inflammatory mahours after. During the early hours terial surrounding the ruptured apof the attack, the symptoms are ofpendix melt away and disappear if

apof appendicitis cases FREQUENT try misinterpreted, toten not are and valuable do patient and we mistraveling our pear among all, not matters.time force do Above is lost. The common of R. Morrell Dr. mistake sionaries. Joseph

is to think that something has been Ogden, Utah, who has examined use laxatives, enemas, or anything eaten that has caused an upset many of these missionaries before else that will in any way irritate stomach. In an attempt to correct they have gone into the field and who the damaged appendix. Operation

cases of the observed number will condition,that the patient often has this late procedure stage is a fatal into at after they have gone deaths and attackdelay until the of cases, in percentage becomes and a large these of field, writes: "Most the

serious. deaths are preventable if the misshould not be done. It can in no

In the treatment as commonly sionary understands what to do. Misway improve the condition and is

not reasons, sionaries, for do obvious out,carried based on a mistaken often the factor in setting up a fatal bill, so incur doctor and a want to isidea cause, of the further peritonitis. damage call to they physician neglect a when

done. Laxatives are usually used, have abdominal pain until the attack By way of summary, I would emand they always aggravate the picbecomes serious. At home the parents phasize the following points: (1)

in responsibility, the the take but canture causing violent by movements for any Examination by a physician field the missionary must intestines, irritatingof the the inmission or "indigesdiscomfort do abdominal treatusually he it, and fails. The

flamed organ still more. ment of acute appendicitis has been tion"that does not clear up in three

In a series of over 5,000 cases of considerably changed during the past or four hours. ( 2 ) Use no laxatives

certain years. conditions Under appendicitisacute studied the enemas. stomach or Keep (3)

is by the fewoperation advisable; other underPhiladelphia Health Department, to removal of empty. Submit (4) conditions, operations not should be

deaths were just twice as frequent performed. Here, in a brief way, the appendix at once if the attack

in cases given one laxative, and six is a statement of the problems inis acute and under twentyfour times as frequent in cases in which volved."hours; the earlier the operation is

more than one laxative was given as done after onset, the better. (5)

compared with cases in which no If more than twentyfour hours have laxatives had been used. pain, discomfort, or "indigestion"elapsed since the onset, treat conThe important thing to learn appears and does not leave in two servatively, as operation then is

whenever pain occurs in the abor three hours, he should have an dangerous. Have the appendix redomen is its place of origin. One examination made by a doctor with moved two or three months later

should not speculate, but whenever a purpose of finding the cause. Do when the attack has cleared up.

U7 "JAVELIN TOSSER JhsL Si(fu jO L ComabfvdL ihaL (ounhd.

By R. D. GALT

fi,.CANOE rested on a school pay, because they knew Rufus

gravel bar of Doom River. Dusk "Sparrow"Trent's lips twitched; was in the wrong. It was just one

pressed down upon the bluegreen his eyes glowed for a second; then of those things, old man."

it 'has* me. I spruce and made the hiss of tumturned sad. "I wish I could,"he "Maybe so, but

bling water almost a roar. murmured, while the bacon sizzled can't get back to those carefree days

Steve Donnegan, his youthful and flung off a tempting aroma. when the javelin was my most treasfeatures aflush with fatigue, took in "You can,"insisted Steve warmly, ured belonging. I wish I could.

I wish the beauty of that wide, whitealthough he had failed, almost daily, Steve, you don't know how crested, treelined stream before to convince his friend of the fact. I could!"

finishing his task of unloading the "You could be the best javelin tosser "Oh, come,"cut in Steve, boat. It was great to be making in the Conference by next June. wrought with emotion. "A cherthis trip into the wilderness with When you first turned out for track ished possession doesn't become

"Sparrow"Trent! Even the long and field events at Quiller, Coach trash over night."

portage around Death Roaring Pelley hailed you as the athlete who

Rapids, tomorrow, would be small would set a new state record for the Oteve slumped down on cost if only the experiences of the javelin. It comes natural to you. the needled ground. The air was

summer would erase the wistful sag Don't pass up the opportunity to set sweet with pitch and smoke and from his companion's face. that new record for Quiller."bacon, all mingled together to sigStooping, he pulled out a slender, "Sparrow"turned the bacon listnify the North. It was difficult to

hardwood shaft which had been lessly. "No good could ever come associate poignant pain with such

carefully thrust under the ropes of of being the best javelin thrower in scents and surroundings. Yet it was

a bed roll. "A strange place to find the state,"he said dully. so. It was impossible not to believe

a javelin!"he mused. But, in spite Steve shut his teeth tightly. It after following the trail of the outof lack of space, it was the most was coming again. doors, as "Sparrow"Trent's lone

important bit of the precious cargo. "My javelin tossing has already companion, for six weeks. The

Fondling the shaft with calloused ruined one life. Almost another. wilderness was not having the dehands, Steve glanced toward the That's why I'm here. Don't deny sired healing effect.

fire, where "Sparrow"Trent was it, Steve. You brought me north to Steve knew sadness, because he

frying bacon. The ruddy light your father's logging camp because was powerless to cope with his

danced upon the open flap of a halfyou thought I'd forget. Then, seefriend's affiiction. He sat, playing

hidden tent. Shifting the javelin to ing that didn't have the desired efwith the coil of rope with one hand

his left, he picked up a generous fect, you coaxed me into this long and resting his other on the polishedcoil of tough, light rope—carried trip, still farther north. You've been slenderness of the javelin. A full

hisagainst right, and out of the tree just edging was Steve. I've moon good, emergency—in And good—too gravel boots into the bank.dug his points the wide across of ribbon it, enjoyed in a way. But I saw

An instant later, he approached the through it all. That sort of spoiled silvery water. Soon the camp site

friend.squatting his form of

said, "'Sparrow',"he dropping itPelleyfor me.andI eventhe boyssuspectonthatthe Coachtrack wouldThen, beabovefloodedthe roarwith ofmellowthe water,light.

the rope and centering his attention team had a hand in it. At least, they a piercing, halfhysterical cry tore

once more on the polished shaft. hailed the trip, after you gained my through the night. It brought both

The slender, willowy youth drew promise to go. But it's no use. It youths upright. Who else could be

back from the fire and lifted eyes won't change things. Rufus Marcy making this isolated stretch of Doom

whose wide depths seemed to hold a is a cripple. And it was a javelin River? And what had gone wrong?

haunting something imprisoned from my hand that tore the muscles Steve reached the gravel bar first.

there. What he saw reminded from the calf of his leg, wasn't it?"To his amazement, the moonlight,Steve of regret—and pain—and "Yes, but..."burnishing the tossing whitecaps

penitence. It was especially hard to "No buts, Steve. I'm responsible. of the waterway, suddenly brought

face, because he had known a time If those muscles hadn't grown back to view the weird pitching of a when it had not been there. When the way they did, making him limp, fragile canoe. The canoe was far

students at Quiller had dubbed the I wouldn't feel quite so bad."out, and it was kept at a giddy keel

willowy youth "Sparrow,"he was "How could you know that the by a hatless, sleekhaired youth, as chipper and cocky as the bird little redheaded nuisance was going whose frantic efforts were barely whose name he bore. to choose the exact instant you keeping the boat from capsizing.

Steve swallowed hard and held to heaved the javelin to cross a field Again the terrorized shriek broke his determination to speak. on which he had no business? You from quivering lips. "Sparrow"had

toi the edge of the bank at "'Sparrow',"he repeated, "I know his type—always into somecome

wish you'd practise with this."The thing. It was just one of those unSteve's back.

javelin lay balanced on his outfortunate accidents! And, of course, "Why doesn't he pull out?"deticular.ing—tomorrowstretched hands. noon—any"Tomorrowtime.morn-I bandagedhis folks hadthe legto upbe withoutpoor andsurgicalthey manded Steve of no one in parwant to see you keep in trim."advice. They wouldn't let the In his excitement, his voice carried

Copyright by Neofot, Berlin.,far. As if in answer, the sleekdering canoe was far out—fully as

haired occupant of the canoe hfted, far as "Sparrow"had tossed the across the very bow of the canoe.

from the boihng water, what rejavelin, without rope unwinding beCasting caution to the wind, the mained of a paddle. The boat alhind it, that spring at the conference stranded occupant of the boat fell

most capsized, but he managed to meet. But the circumstances weren't upon the rope. His hands clutched

swing it about again by quick, deep the same. firmly.

thrusts with the stub. Without an instant's hesitancy, Slowly the canoe swung around.

"Broken paddle!"gasped Steve. "Sparrow"Trent accepted the polThe current tugged. Steve and

"He can't get out. The current's ished shaft thrust into his hands. "Sparrow"were forced to use discarrying him on. Quick, 'Sparrow,'A glow came to his wide eyes. As cretion to keep the light rope from

we've got to do something. A moSteve carefully deposited the rope, parting. But already the manila

ment more, and he'll be swept into so that it would uncoil without had soaked up moisture. Each secDeath Roaring Rapids. He probtangling, the willowy form of his ond the danger would be lessened.

ably broke his paddle trying to get companion started swaying from Foot by foot, the boat, tossed by ashore."foot to foot, in the familiar motion rushing water, swung nearer and

The floundering bark was almost he went through just before lunging nearer to the bank. As stiffer tugs

straight out from the gravel bar, ahead with the poised javelin. A came, the two rescuers gave ground.

then. No doubt, the stranger had tensing had come to longneglected They took no unnecessary chance

started yelling when he caught sight muscles. The slender body tilted on the line that held a life in the

of their campflre. back, and then whipped forward. balance.

Steve whirled. An idea had come Steve held his breath as the At last, the tossing shell of wood

to him. Dashing up the steep bank, metaltipped shaft leaped out over crashed into the rocks of the near

he grasped the abandoned javelin the ruffled expanse of the river. Alshore. The struggle was over.

and started tying the end of the ready past the point of the gravel The occupant of the canoe told coil of rope to the tip. "Sparrow"bar, the sleekhaired youth still his story. His father had a summer

was still viewing, with horror, the fought his losing battle. The water camp back along Doom River about

silvery sheet of water. Steve rushed seemed to be rushing the frail boat ten miles. He had started out in the

up behind his friend. With a shove, with accelerated speed. canoe to have his first look at Death

he sent him off the bank to the gravel Then the strange youth glanced Roaring Rapids. He had come too

bar. back and saw the javelin flashing far before trying to get out of the

"Here,"he thrust the javelin through the moonlight toward him. current, then had snapped the padquickly intothe nonunderstanding He ducked his head, holding back dle.

youth's hands. "I've tied the rope the straining wood with tense mus- "Dad will do anything to repay,"

to the end. It's his only chance. cles. he finished gulping down the food

Toss it, 'Sparrow.'There's only set before him. "I must start hiking

time for one try."D<'OWNWARD sank the back. Camp will be upset if I don't

Steve trusted the moonlight to javelin, its nose a trifle high from return in a reasonable time. Give

minimize the distance. He had the weight it was carrying. With me your names and addresses."

known, at a glance, that the floun- a resoundincr "thwack"it landed (Continued on page 176)

F LARSEN ByB JkiL ''SEEING EYES the Department Head of of Art, Btigham Young University

'The manysided life of this pioneer figure concerns usTHEmindsWestof manyis synonymouspeople within adthe as him, here, writes a fellowartist of because he

It venture. has been characIT "eyes SOUL GAVE that AND A THAT SAW BEAUTY"free,terized turHAD as big, romantic, NOBLE INTERPRETATION.bulent. There are many, still alive,

who remember when the American

West offered refuge for the persecuted, when it was an invitation and a challenge to those who were led by the spirit of adventure, when it was a mecca for "daredevils"and outlaws. Gamblers and fortune

hunters, spiritual leaders and politicians, traders and homesteaders all rushed pellmell across the prairies to meet the challenge of rivers, deserts, valleys, and mountains.

Among the many who wanted the thrill of this new life was a romantic young artist who was fired with this westward spirit. His coming to

Utah is fraught with significance for the people of this state.

George Martin Ottinger was born in a large, rambling, stone house in

Springville Township, Montgomery

County, Pennsylvania, February 8, 1833. The house was built by his

grandfather who settled in Pennsylvania one hundred thirtyfive years before George M. Ottinger was

bom. This grandson lived to a ripe

old age. His life was crowded with

service. constructiveadventure and

wrote at the heAs an old man cononly a short time before continuing GEORGEAPPEAREDOTTINGERIN UTERATYEARS.HIS WORK AS HE

clusion of his short diary: to California, but he settled here and

And now at the age of eightythree gave of himself in unstinted measlove of these men for each other years, I am able to read without glasses, ure for the development of Utah. continued to the end of their lives.

tiring, inpaint the without enjoyand live built the first pioneer traveled home together He camped and in They of health, withment career life and a of the to Twentieth and helped Ottinger his brush much. used Ward andactivity will behind me, which not I hope

be concluded for yet many years. make the Twentieth Ward a verSavage the camera to record the

The Desire for Exploration and itable fountain for inspiration and wonderful beauty of the Wasatch

Adventure service. Mountains.

HThere are many episodes in the The First Art Building in Utah Interest in Dramatics life of this man which for lack Tn Salt Lake City, Ottinger became TThe Salt Lake Theatre was being of space must remain untold here. acquainted with C. R. Savage, built when Ottinger arrived in

The first was his whaling adventure, who had known Ottinger's mother in Salt Lake City. The exterior was

at the age of sixteen, rounding Cape Philadelphia. Ottinger was a landbeautiful in its simplicity. Brigham

Horn, calling at many South Amerscapist and painter of miniatures. Young was not slow in recognizing

ican ports, being marooned and Savage was a photographer. Both the possibilities in the service of the

finallycisco—afightingstory inbackitself,towhichSan Franfound menTheirlovedmutualthe interestsgreat outof-doors.and close youngscenery studentpainting.fromPresidentthe EastYoungfor

him later back in Baltimore and New friendship found expression in a asked the young man to submit

York as a twentyyear-old art stubusiness partnership. The Savageplans. The results were very satisdent. The spirit of adventure was Ottinger firm occupied the first buildfactory and so Ottinger was comaroused in him again by the great ing in Utah devoted entirely to the missioned to paint the first set of

Western migration. He secured an production and sales of works of art. scenery for the Salt Lake Theatre.

ox team and wagon and joined a The building was located near the He painted scenery for four years.

company of men who were crossing Deseret News Building on Main During a part of this time he was the continent. Street. assisted by William Morris and

His mother accompanied him on Ottinger became interested in a Henry Maiben.

this new journey. He arrived in number of civic activities which reWhile directing the scenery paintSalt Lake City in the summer of quired so much of his time that he ing, Ottinger became interested in

1861, He intended to remain for withdrew from the art firm. The the art of acting. He was a member

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1938

GEORGE M. Ottinger's confribu

tions as a military and civic leader, as an educational organizer and administrator, as a father and neighbor, and as an alUaround citizen and community builder, could well become the subject of a volume, but we concern ourselves with him here chiefly as a creative artist.

of the cast in a great number of productions and was accepted as a regular member of the old Salt Lake

Stock Company.

In reporting his activities the Deseret News says: "He could be

relied upon to do a Shakespearean

King, or a plantation darky with equal facility and in a high style all

GLORY."CANYON'S FROM A on his "THE In commentinghis own."in of artist Boardhonor PAINTING Lake Mary IN CITY OTTINGER, BY GEORGE CREEK CANYON activities, Ottinger dramaticown 1S72. in wife, Lake man's and Martha

says his specialty was playing the honor of the mother of Alfred Lampart of dukes and kings. Mutual Improvement organization. bourne. "My chief delight,"OtFounder of the First Art School He was interested in the legends tinger said, "was in picturing the

IN Utah of the Aztecs and the Toltecs. He beauties of the Wasatch Mounhistory intains."of the Spanish knew theTVA'any of the pioneers had an active Ottinger worked in many media the struggles of the Invasion and

interest in art but the job of oils, pencil, colors, water themselves. dians to defend He exincluding desert the tendedsubduing pen was charcoal, and and ink. He his reaction to these historic to pressed

monopolize their time. It required events in many of his paintings. interested in life in all of its manibrave leadership to keep alive an festations. Often he was humorous.

adequate interest in culture. We Ottinger the Artist At other times he painted tragic realbuilders craftsmenneeded and ity. his pictures have of Some said that always to TTINGER he was sawmills,construct homes, and is character. strong dramatic This

in interested drawing. made He for physroads. demand was The in studespecially true his mountain

interesting his during sketches many littleical necessities. There was ies. faithfully portrayed many He in countries. travels foreign for art.time the sea. of His expressions moods deciof important his most One the wisely Brigham saw Young history are concerned and with both

danger of this pioneer people's besions was made at the age of twenty fiction. His desire to paint was

in Baltimore decided he when isolation. in theircoming narrow both peace to motivated love, by by

in reclerk quit his sugar as job a music, the drama, encouragedHe also excitement war, and by and by artist. to his finery After an become interestthe a vital dance. had He tranquility. of an was moments He at Baltimore went he to Lansculpture, architecture, paintstudyin and arthe creator outstanding among

caster, Pennsylvania, out and hunging. tists time. of his

The most pretentious attempt to his shingle as a miniature painter.

keep alive the spirit of the fine and When his family moved to RichOttinger as a Gentleman applied arts was the founding of mond, Virginia, he studied art in AND a Christian

The Deseret Academy of Arts in that city for some time. GEORGE M. Ottinger was nature's genin generous. tleman, spent scholarly time and he much In Utah He private school a1863. This was

his artist brother a shared with have would after dissolution the of the art painting of for the promotionorganized last tube or or his last of piece cake canvas with partnership business R. C. Interin theeducation and Utah 18, 1934. color. of August Netys, Deseret

mountain West, with George M. Savage, In 1876 he sent a large painting, He was one of the best loved men first president.Ottinger as

"Montezuma Receiving the News of in Salt Lake City. Alfred LamAs A Teacher and Student the Landing of Cortez"to the Philabourne, one of Ottinger's many

/ttinger was head of the Art Dedelphia Centennial Exposition. This good friends, wrote for him the

partment at the University of picture was well received and well following beautiful tribute:

Utah for ten years. During this hung. It brought him a number of Peace be to his ashes! no more together

time he worked at the University commissions. Later he sent a large shall we look

two days of each week teaching his marine painting to the Chicago On thethe sleepingmountainlake.peak, the rugged defile,

art classes. Columbian Exposition and received The roaring torrent, the shadowy pine

Ottinger was a profound reader. an important award. wood,

He had a wonderful memory and He kept at his sketching and The glories of the western skies. No more

was gifted with a vital constructive painting continually in spite of his Talkshallof thewe miracles of art; I take not so

imagination. He had great facility many public duties. In the early much interest in these.

for presenting his ideas to others. seventies he led two other artists up No, again No! The soul is free.

is illimitable of in the course space, There as a painting contributions on Canyon Cottonwood made valuableHe stars, the tour. the famous Cot-a lecturer one of the coThey named and was then, all the the progress, more than And

founders of the Twentieth Ward tonwood Lakes. Lake Phoebe was development of the endless being.

Institute which developed into a named in honor of Ottinger's wife. Hail and farewell.

The STORY of our HYMNS THIS soulsatisfying hymn has withOnethedaycaptain'sa mobberfiat:came from the mill won a place in the hearts of By GEORGE D. PYPER "The captain says if you women don't

will a praying stop send he your the of worshiper every devout d—d Superintendent the Deseret General of

kill of you!"posse one every and in1737, d—d Since been it hasLord. AssistFirst and Union School Sunday it, as as well done he have might And in book. every almostcluded hymn Church Music ant Chairman of the that in praying stop to us poor women

It has cheered the drooping spirits Committee hour of our great calamity.

of millions of depressed and downOur prayers were hushed in terror. We

in the voices not let our dared be heard faith people.cast engendered It has

I in in supplication. could pray house my promises and His andin God I in live thus silence, not could but bed or

strengthened many a faltering footlong. This godless silence was more instep. tolerable than had been that night of the

massacre. for basis the scriptural hymn The

I to longer. pined I could bear it no inis the in Isaiah 43:1, 2, and found petition in voice hear once more own my

Epistle of Paul to the Hebrews to my Heavenly Father.

wherein he writes "And be content I stole down into a cornfield, and crawlIt as the into corn.""stout of a was for things as suchwith ye have, He ed

that to at the of temple moment. Lord me thee, 'I will leave said heverhath I fervently. aloud prayed and most

nor forsake thee'."When I emerged from the corn, a voice

"How Firm a. Foundation"was spoke to me. It was a voice as plain as I

silent, strong one. ever heard no It was of noted manythe favorite hymn

spirit, repeatthe of a voice, but lovedAmericans. by It was Saints'the a of verse the impressioning hymn:

Jackson, of Presidentwife Andrew

Hickory"had itand "Old sung at 'The repose,soul that on Jesus hath leaned for his death bed. It was also rendered I cannot, I will not desert to his foes;

at the funerals of General Robert E. That soul, though all hell should endeavor

to shake, Roosevelt, andLee, Theodore

I'll never, no never, no never forsake."Wilson.Woodrow

H. Augustus Smith in Lyric ReliFrom that moment I had no more fear.

gion gives the following story which From a Portrait bit Lee Greene Richards I felt that nothing could hurt me. Soon

this that the sent after unless us word mob GEORGE D. PYPER in the printed Sundaywas also

all state of the out a certain were by we 17, 1901 TimesSchool of December killed. should be day we

General Curtis Guild, Jr., tells how this 'The day came, and at evening came fifty

hymn, wedded to the Christmas tune armed men to execute the sentence. I met

"Adeste Fideles"was sung on a famous them at the door. They demanded of meChristmas morning. The Seventh Army xxai JCowJ'jbim.cL why I was not gone? I bade them enter

Corps was encamped on the hills above and see their own work. They crowded

I showed them my of 1898 eve on ChristmasHavana, Cuba, after party came, night. tropical a JDundodtiofL woundedinto my roomboy. andThey Suddenlya beautiful

sentinel from the camp of the Fortyninth, party, until all had seen my excuse. Then

quarreled themselves and came among o'clock, calledIowa, "Number 10—twelve being foremost "How fighting. Firm a nearthey all's well."raised the strong voiceand A

two. but Foundation."last they went away, all At a "Mormon"until Many in joined the voiceschorus and many

whole regiment was singing. Then the heart has been warmed by its conThese I thought were detailed to kill us.

the returned. two its voices,SixthMissouri and added the soling promises. of the most Then One said one, "have you any meat "Madam,"till all then, the restFourthVirginia, and different incidents, pathetic very in the house?"city, the the long ridge above whereon

Spanish tyranny once went forth to enslave from that which occurred during the "No,"was my reply.

the new world, a whole army corps was Civil War, is related by Amanda "Could you dress a fat hog if one were singing, Smith, whose husband and son were laid"I atthinkyourwedoor?"could!"was my answer....

"Fear not, I am with thee, O be not diskilled and another son seriously And then they went and caught a fat mayed. wounded at the Haun's Mill Mashog from a herd which had belonged to a

For I am thy God, and will still give thee sacre, a dark chapter in Church hisnow exiled brother, killed it and dragged aid; I'll strengthen thee, help thee and cause tory. The following story is told by it Theseto my men,door, whoand haddeparted.come to murder us, thee to stand, Mrs. Smith in Edward W. Tulleft on the threshold of our door a meat

Upheld by my righteous, omnipotent hand."lidge's Women of Mormondom. offering to atone for their repented intention....

in All the the neighborhood Mormons soul word. His had kept Lord The The years than a hundred fledKORE of excepting the state, out a few ago, had that for leaned Jesus succor on had had

families chilthe of bereaved and women divine Smith, through Emma terrible in this not forsaken been even hour dren at of the gathered house had who massacre. ofrevelation, inspiration led and by

the miles Brother Evans, from David two from the same holy Source, comscene of the massacre. To this house Alma

piled the spiritual hymns of the had been carried after that fatal night. 'VuE ORIGIN of "How Firm a

Church of Jesus Christ of LatterIn our utter desolation, what could we Foundation"was for many years in doubt. In early pubday Saints. The collection of ninety womensource doof butcomfort;pray? ourPrayerHeavenlywas ourFatheronly enshrouded

hymns included many of the most our only Helper. None but He could save lications of hymn books it was."popular Christian hymns, among the and deliver us. credited to "Kirkham"and "K—

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1938

Later, in some publications, it was Winchester Chapel from 1675 to credited to George Keith. That HOW FIRM A FOUNDATION 1681.

Saints firm ye a foundation,Keith of books, article pubhsher was a In an Mrs. by Henry W. How the of Lord, initialed his lent "K", surnamewho published in the Herndon, American

excellent Is laid for faith in His yourplausibility to belief the of of some she 1937, says: Etude January word!

it.that the credit he wrote Where than to you can more He say What

Its origin definitely is not known. By said,to is originated hath "Kirkham"not He

it little to is ascribed some a comknown for refuge have Jesus unto who Youknown. it poser, (Portugal); Portugallo by others fled? recently. L. Reverend H, More the credited the of to has author been

Hasting, of Boston, and Dr. John In every condition, in sickness, in words; whilst still others believe it to be a

folk In authorship. regular tune without health. o[Juhan, editor of Dictionary

it is States almost the Southern universally vale or abounding in In poverty's separate remakingHymnology,; as sung to a tune "Foundation."known wealth,

searches, concluded that the hymn At home or abroad, on the land or In many books of the southland it will be.

was written by Robert Keane, a the sea. found in the "buckwheat notes"invented by

ancestor of Charles an Wakefield Cadman. demand, so thy days may As thypreceptor for Dr. John Rippon, who

.. is beloved. This the tune undoubtedly shall be. succor pastor of in a Baptistwas Church general, knightly the Robert E. byLondon from 1 773 to 1 836, and who Fear not, I am with thee, O, be not Lee.

dismayed,first the published to hymn credited Neither the "Portuguese Hymn?* thy God, and will still give For I am "in his Selection"K—of Hymns nor "Foundation"is the one most aid; thee

from the Best Authors. A few slight I'llstrengthen thee, help thee, and loved and sung by the Latterday

origchanges to stand. to the have thee been cause made their in Saints as published hymn omnipotent Upheld by my righteousinal words. books. the of author "MorThe hand. Criticism offered has been by some tune but whoever is unknown, mon"

I call putting tohymnologist the waters the deep promises through When the author they composer were and to go, theein the of mouth but of God, none a to the bequeathed world have thee shall rivers not of sorrow The criticismsthese has affected the spiritual that the legacy has enriched o'erflow, popularity of the hymn, especially For I will be with thee, thy troubles lives of millions of Christian people.

in In writer's America. the bless, to mind, faith the buoyed up hymn has to thee thy deepest disThe sanctify And firstrepresenting the in the hymn of Latterof of thousands hundreds tress. itperson has given great power and in Saints, times them comforted day

authority. fiery trials paththrough thy When the glorious of trouble, good made

lie; shall way poetized, beautifully so and all sufficient, shall thy promises grace, be The Tune My

supply. sanctified to them their deepest

HThe tune to which "How Firm a The flame shall not hurt thee, I only distress.

design is Foundation"usually sung by should Foundation"a Firm "How to thy gold dross and consume Thythe is Christian churches "Adeste refine. Latterday to every be memorized by

allFideles"FaithCome, ye ("O Saint. synchronized when And to old age, all people E'enful"), down called my the "Portuguese now folscripture, the holy as such with prove first compositionHymn."The was

it eternal, indeed, a lowing, rod becomes, unchangeable My shallsovereign, inheard the Portuguese Chapel, love; staff, in to a hold God's one andLondon, given the and of then, shall their hair name gray when And "sovereign, eternal, unchangeable temples adorn."Portuguese by the Hymn"Duke love."still shall in Like lambs they myof Leeds.

H. Augustus Smith in Lyric Relibosom be borne. When thou passest through the waters,

gion says the tune was probably of The soul that on Jesus hath leaned I will be with thee; and through the rivers,

for repose shall the; overflow they not thou when origin.English Novello, Vincent

not, fire. I cannot, desert to his shalt the walkest not through Thouorganist of the chapel, ascribed the I will foes; shall the neither kindle flame burned, be

tune to John Reading, organist of That soul, though all hell should upon thee. Isaiah 43:2.

endeavor to shake, I'll never, no never, no never forsake!

flickers of red that moved stealthily from the hearth fire over bits ofVisiting marble statuary, over rows of sombre bindings, over the straight, dark wrp restedgreen hangingssteadily onlyat a window,on the lean,and pointed face of my friend. Xhere are three BOOKS "Now tell me,"I said dropping

with the curious knowing visit those you whythings,"fessor—hebegan my old English proback into my chair, "just how and books—over the coalblack pointedsmile and interrupt."there. not to I promisebeard—"to be done with a good "You have graciously shut out

book. can You replied gently, world,"read it, or study it, the "to he

.."it..or visit place a quiet where make just you

"Why not all three?"I asked. and I may talk out loud...."He shrugged. "Certainly—why

not! There are many books good

enough for all three,..."He 11E LEANED forward to

reached up and pulled a wellworn the fire, threw on another log, and redbound volume from its shelf. then sank back into his own black

"Here for instance is Mark Twain's leather armchair, his finger tips tapJoan of Arc. It is not as famous as ping gently as was his wont in the

Huckleberry Finn or Tom Sawyer, schoolroom.

but for me it is much better. I read "Attitudes toward books,"he beit first for the sake of its historic gan thoughtfully, "depend almost

value. Since then I have studied it wholly on your philosophy of literfor its unusually beautiful Enghsh. ature—what you buy or borrow

And now I visit it often for the sheer books for. If books are to you just

joy of spending time in its company."printed Caps and Gowns, inky pro-

"You mean you read it through fessors in paper colleges from whom again every so often?"you desire 'credit,'then by all means

all will appropriate they have

I if you just no! "No, browse—visit, relief for sigh with when you—and please."her toyou went back Joan

If are are done! to they they you

all the shelf,place not books "But on are good enough for that. Study fiery prophets of a timely Cause you

will at naturally crusade with them if youbooks—textbooks will—are least ultimate of capture once to theordinarily taken like spinach, with

then mental Holy Land—and aftera grimace, ever are and good

it. By O. G. HERBRECHT yourperhaps you did wonder tofor reference only. goes One there But frankly my books—overwhy for grocer like going to a athem

all. I at not that to have me..."—are or beans. abroom pound of literary far in his hobby, to wander liked through read and them them

of.."professor English,"a "For visiting. I "just what you mean by the to to admit them well enough

laughed, "you are pretty hard on the "Oh that! Through the years I inner circle of my intimate companprofession."have set apart for myself—over ionships. He laughed too, and the point of there—a few shelves for books with "Reading, you see, is an art rathhis black beard vibrated like the which I want to live intimately. er than a craft. Crafts are for

needle of a compass. "We teachers Books that are no longer books. the profits of life and the construcmust, like the grocer, deal with the They have become friends and so I tion of character. Arts are for the

necessities of life, my friend. That visit them often and am never enjoyment and enrichment of life,

does not mean we must appreciate lonely. I wish.,."he added medifor the planting of beauty, for the

it all live in store oronly our the tatively, started "I had giving for to the outlet of poise, earlier—back

it is nicertime. Sometimes much school days. in my high passions, soul's flaming Maybe the most

outside. There are books one needs young people—some at least for the sharing of life's deepest and

just toto read be wits'on their able to would not now be end life's finest things. reading When

literary directiononce—justof the theknow to things for worthwhile do when cease art, books is done as ancurrent—novels of the day, books of work and school are over; or they be books and become to people—peobetweenscience or political economy, or might choose a bit differently than ple done in ink and housed

books concerning a changing worldthey often do...."board covers, but people none the

order perhaps. But they grow old "Wait a minute, professor."I less. They are alive, they breathe

so soon; time moves too fast for got out of my chair and switched off and move—are human all the way.

live; theythem. Today rich privilege that is just as chandelier, tomorrow the a bit of world and happy The

..."forgotten. arethey in of several possession the accrued to Uncle from Tom, had me

His long, lean hand swept toward years of friendship. The big room Ivanhoe, Little Tim, Sir Galahad

a far, dark comer of the spacious with its cozy furniture, its deep, and Portia as though they were acin their shelves, the on its table center for are not formgreat of art, pieces they even more so,libraryare—asleepwhere we sat. "There they shadowy recesses, its few mastertual people of history. And perhaps."

. their making.long night of own the spirits of single disk fashioned people out fashioned of a of a we

"I am not so sure, professor,"I giant redwood tree, all moved into see about us every day among our interrupted, for I knew he was prone a darkness disturbed only by ghostly neighbors? And what of those who

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1938

really did live human lives but left and have the best of company in tory if all I want is his idea of how before we came along? Am I to the loneliest hours. All the intellecthe world began? If I can find in a

have no intercourse with Florence tual giants of the past and present, book one great idea, one answer to

Nightingale or Joan of Arc, those all the dreaming souls of all the a vexing problem, one bit of fact or two lone crusaders of love and days, are at my beck and call. truth or inspiration I did not have

right? Why should I not sit down Shakespeare, Milton, Dante, Shelbefore, that book is worth its price

with Francis of Assissi at his cave ley, Goethe, Schiller, Montaigne, though all the rest of it be worthless and hear him talking to his birds Keats, Longfellow, Browning, Van to me. And so it, too, goes—over

or walk with fiery Peter the Hermit Dyke, Tacitus, Livy, Plutarch, Hothere."

as he trumpets his battle call to a mer, Cicero... dead! Nonsense, Once more he stopped and over

people grown cool? they are alive! They walk and talk his face came the whimsical smile

"My Bible...."his tone grew with me in my cozy room. They are his students knew so well—and

very reverent. "What a panorama picturesque, some of them grotesque. loved. "Incidentally,"he said drily,

of great spirits it offers! Some like They eye each other a bit uncertain- "I can shut up a book whenever I

to read their Bibles through every ly perhaps, but of one thing there is want to. That is one advantage of

so often. I do not. I like to visit with no doubt—they are friends of mine having your friends in print."it—sit beside intrepid Moses as he and we can have a famous time toHe laughed gently at his own

judges the people. Or another day gether. I can have audience with fancy, then grew sober again. "It is

share an hour with a princely prophany of them as long as I desire. I not a question whether we can afford

et at his arduous, thankless task. Or shall probably not care to listen to the kind of books I have been talking

sit beside the ancient sea with Jesus all they have to say. Not all of it about. Can we afford not to buy

of Nazareth.... I am afraid,"he might interest me. Then, too, they them? Great books are investment,

interrupted himself, "you will think are not always at their best. Neither not expense. One's education is

me a vagabond dreamer instead of am I. They get moody at times. So certainly measured not by the num-

a staid old school teacher."do I. I am very sure that at times I ber of books we have on our shelves

"Would you care if I did?"am quite boring. Frankly—so are but by the extent to which these

"Frankly, no! I have the constant they. It is neither a social error nor friends of ours have poured theirfear of the pedagogue—becoming an academic sin to skip those pages. spirit into us, have helped to land-

."scape our cultural garden. And sopedantic. My friends—over there I am sure they do not mind..,may save me from that.... Now we dwell together—my good friends

tell me, why should I be satisfied iVlY friend's hand swept and I! Come, my friend, speak! I

with a single 'reading through'of over his face and lingered at the know you want to. I release you

the books in which they live? One point of his beard as it often did from your own promise."

does not excavate his friends as he when he seemed to be catching him- I was thankful for the privilege.

would a cellar for his new house. self at the point of straying. "Do you think, professor, that

like friends just old that?"isn't done. One of generation, the about your young ownwell—itOne does not pump them dry as a "I forget you are concerned young people would be interested in

lures of friendship constant. "Old? nevergrow They must old. Time older of the not about us day. You

always be the unknown, unreaped are thinking young people will not passes them by. They keep me

corners that lurk here and there. It care for such heavy mental fare. No, young."

is fascinating to keep contact with if we have not introduced them "Yes, but my geiieiration is young people you do not fully understand. properly, that is true. And we must—will it not make them old?"

Therefore it is best not to exhaust do it better than we are, these days. My friend shook his head.

"Beauty, first acquaintance. are Truthsthem upon A pracVirtue—they We fact—so

really old to should, it seems nor can great book they age antical. bring them neither areWesomustmattersomehowof

readme, skimmed do not insist be on their together of our other. youth But—I first—then again—these

visited inchoosing often I only after that. For wishand my friends! to the these guides land day and

that you and yours may have astance. Browning is like that. where dreams are made—to the "Why say to such a book, 'Sir, place where dreams come true."company of such goodly, great

you have delighted me. I am glad He paused again and stared into souls with whom to spend some

to have met you. Now pl'ease, step the fire as if in the dancing jets of leisure hours and from that spendaside, I have another arriving in the flame they were coming again to him, ing emerge with a bit of new shinnext mail!'Certainly one does not those makers of dreams. True to my ing, new strength, new joy."

invite a new friend to his home at promise I said nothing, but I was I rose, "It is getting late, prothe rate of one a month; pry into thinking of the youth I knew and fessor. I must go. When will your

every nook and corner of his mind, wondering whether they might not book be out?"body and soul, ransack him from become greater than so often they "Eh—what?"He blinked at me

cellar to attic, then hurry to the seem to be if they were somehow as his hand reached for the switch.

store or the post office for a new brought into abiding company with "Some day,"I answered him, "I one! Conceivably with a shoddy greatness. should like children of mine to

book one might with courtesy deal "Some books are valuable to me,"emerge from a leisure hour with a shining, new strength, ofso, genius—no,but not withnotthewitheternalthem.spirits resumed"for justtheoneprofessoritem orafteridea.a while,So I bitnewofjoy—new

"With these friends of mine I never read them through at all. For a moment his fingers tremcan people my own world and have Why, for example, should I read bled slightly as they fumbled along

it as large or small as I wish. In it all of Gibbons'Holy Roman Emthe wall, and his face turned away.

I am 'monarch of all I survey.'In pire when I want merely to find out But when the light again flooded

that circle I can laugh at the years, what he has to say about the catathe room he looked at me with a drive away my moody hours, exorcombs? Or why wade through the glad smile and I saw he undercise the devils that come tempting jungles of Wells* Outline o} Hisstood.

ADELAIDE T. PoANANGA, a woman

ol culture, refinement and not'IT'S leader ability, a has able been long DONE IN HOW in Maori her the Church among own people. She descends from a distin'

guished and noble Maori family.

During a recent visit of several months, which she spent in and about NEW ZEALAND Salt Lake City and the West, she wrote at our invitation this intimate

A NOTABLE STORY OF THE WORKINGS OF THE glimpsein New ofZealand.the Church and its people

M. I. A. AMONG A LOVABLE AND FAITHFUL

PEOPLE.

greenery and ferns were gathered and the forests, and from rought nearby been in the Girls meantime By ADELAIDE THOMPSON POANANGA Gleaner had making paper flowers which were entwined with this beautiful green lacey decoration, and it was all lighted with electric lights, which made it a most wonderful sight, like your own Christmas trees.

Then there was the preparation of the banquet. Lobster salad was prepared; also cabbage salads. Sixty dozen savory eggs ( stuffed eggs ), asparagus rolls, several kinds of sandwiches,

numerous kinds of cake, fruit salads, trifle pudding, berries and whipped cream, were all furnished gratis by the

Tamaki branch members. Twenty of

the sisters assisted in the preparation of foods and the waiting on the tables.

We were able to seat llO guests at a time. The orchestra is renowned

A TYPICAL MEETINGHOUSE OF NEW ZEAthroughout all of New Zealand, and it

CARVED LAND, FINE SHOWING THE WORK is of the members our own orchestra,

PEOPLE. OF THIS SO CHARACTERISTIC to the Church. There are it belonging

led are by and grass for Wi Duncan, the season, winter a Maoris, with given are mentioned, alreadyOUR LAND knows no particular eight musicians, and they are all rebeloved of our son is the and who but, is do growing, we always foundation. the being theme Gospel

leader, Duncan, spected now Wiremu call winter, what have we are songs action dances and Our poi rainy is, heaviest fact, in ourwhich beautiful all theme some based upon in ball this $1000. about took At we this that It is our time at Museason. speeches, scriptures. and in the The the of people majority nonwere The this fully, season and functiontuals clever and are extremely of them is many traveled the of and Church members to September. Some April throughfrom the are prepared wellselected, by to three hundred of from distances one entireare organizations ourof Mutual are and young young who women men airguests of our miles. came by Some the of the nonmembersly among orin of art the gifted exceedingly

Church; however, they follow religatory. plane.

iously the course of study as outlined (Concluded on page 176) by the M. I. A. Boards in Salt Lake X)erhaps you would be interested in

POHORAWIRI, GISBORNE, EAST VIEW,

COAST. NEW ZEALAND.City.We have an advantage in our assoand aGolddescriptionBalls whichof one wasof ourheldGreenlast INSIDE

ciations in New Zealand over the asyear in September. I believe it to be

sociations here in America in that durthe most successful one we have held ing our greatest event, which is the since the one given during President annual conference, or the Hui Tan, our Hardy's administration which netted - tl

M. I. A. young men and young women our Tamaki (Mutual) some $1500.00.

have the opportunity of demonstrating First of all, invitations are sent out, before the thousands attending this nearly 700 of them. Of course, those

great conference the work which they invited were nonmembers of the have been doing during the past year, Church, and influential people throughin song, speech, in our unique and beauout the district, as well as the memtiful poi dances, in our hakas, tennis, bers of the Mutual. Then we had a

and then by the new dances which the queen carnival, at the end of which we

Mutual Boards have sponsored. Plays had raised $650.00.

are given during the year, of course, There were the decorations to look and one district will give a performafter which were quite an item because ance in many districts, and in this rethey were to go in to our old and wongard resemble the "Road Shows"of derful Maori Wharepani, our meetingthe M. I. A. house, which is 100 feet long and 40

Let me say that in all our activities feet wide. This building is very old

there is but one theme which is aland beautiful. All the woodwork is

ways uppermost in our hearts and carved with the art of the old Maori minds, and that theme is the Gospel Tohunga Kaiwakairo. This building

of Jesus Christ which has been again when it was dedicated by my people, restored through the instrumentality of was given the name of Aotea, which the Prophet Joseph Smith. Our hakas. translated means Shining World. The

JhLSAhAE LANGUAGE

A SHORT

SHORT STORY

By AUDREY JENSEN A Young Writer

Marg, is thatthe new student"O.body president?"

asked Priscilla Parker of her school chum, Marjorie Dean.

"Yes,"answered Marg. "Weren't

you here yesterday to hear him make his acceptance speech?"

-TkMtTir "No. I am generally bored with

such doings, so I sluffed. But wait

for me while I congratulate him. I VOICE"HELLO,FROMLITTLEBEHINDQUAKER,"HER. "WHYCAME SOA memory of whitehaired Sister Jorlike PENSIVE?"his over is she dashed looks,"and saying: whergood dan "Good

PRISCILLA TURNED AND THERE WASto entrance opposite is the to be there ever bad, and you find it. Bad PAUL.

when Paul Travis, the newlyelect- QUAKER.""OH, HELLO, PAUL. BUT I'M NOT A right makes might."

ed student body president, passed "Hello, little Quaker,"came a hall. intoout the her. voice so behind from "Why I. oldfashioned as and And held her Paul tional as out hand She pensive?"I thing, care. the don't funny Marg, interruptapproached, sweetly and Priscilla there turned and was I'd lose rather than a wallflower be exit his with:ed Paul. ideals. all Besides they expect my I offer congratulations "May my hello, Paul. I'm not a But "Oh, too much."for year, Paul a lucky wishesand Quaker.""But Pris, ideals are your so dif- 1 ravisf "Isn't your name Priscilla?"asked Really, everyone smokes Paul was a bit shy, but he acceptferent. Paul.

It nowadays. isn't considered bad after graciously her remarksed and a that doesn't "Yes, but make me longer."or vulgar any into passed moment, onan awkward Quaker. Besides on you aren't up

the corridor, and Priscilla dashed Priscilla's indignation was arousyour history. Priscilla was a

after Marg. ed, and she replied: Puritan."

Two days later definite prepara- "And does that lessen the crime? Paul laughed merrily and antions were under way for the big Can you visualize a Madonna with swered:

affair of the year, the Junior Prom. a cigarette in her mouth?""And that's still better. I can see

Priscilla across dancedMarjorie Puritan. a But whether Eris, a you're wants to be "Oh who court confided tennisthe as she I'll Puritan bet Quaker, or you like so You're her madonna? goodygoody

Luff, big athlete. thedate with Roy let's to eat. on, find the I Come don't see get such where you

J'Oh, Priscilla, I've just been hopstuff."cafeteria and get a hot dog. What

foring ask months and me now say? "It's this just way, Marg, were weit's true. a dream come of the apPerhaps method it was he'dreal—like I differently. raised had a Sunday

I thrilled. plentyOh, am What just the or dog, hot teacher School once gave who me my proach, I told yourself, Pris? Tell me.about the when ideals I'm to personality—anyway,perhaps try to going and keep

it Is or or Charley,you. Gene Ned Priscilla classes Paul for parted and them.

Bills? of the haveor Oh, you one Priscilla for the a date Junior had

so many, I never know who to really "Oh, you and your Sunday School Prom.

teachers. Pris, on, a have Come off with."pair you all just for begged Marg one week time. playing Quit good to mother

I little hint, Priscilla silent. hush, Marg. but know You "Oh, was

all the sport a be and boys and mayof reallydon't to things anyone have never own. pass "Good come my

will be they date you up—maybe if tell philosDavis walks from her them,"homeOh, Gene you was for the even. long. prom Well, so to ask advice aboutschool ophy. with can well the imagine me you So seeing you."Be justhis hangs geometry, astonished and of eyes popping Ned Marg

around when he and Pattie have had out like golf balls on a stick, when a spat, asking me to play the fairy J: RisciLLA pondered over Priscilla walked into the Junior

godmother or something. And Chartheir conversation. This was a difProm with the goodlooking presiley takes me occasionally because I ferent atmosphere from the one she dent of the student body. On, it was

am the type of a girl his mother had spent the first 15 years of her such fun, the whole affair. Paul

would have him go with. But he's life in. People seemed to interpret seemed so different, so conscious, so

really interested in Peg Dexter and right and wrong differently. Sudproud, so interested.

her crowd. They aren t so convendenly through her mind flashed the {Concluded on page 176)

yplifimq iPuL IAmwqmsl By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

too, "DuiLDiNGS, possess of of the characteristics have pulses. They some will startled Tf kangaroo a young

as reproduction such without themvibrating * are almost always very '* its life into the headlong jump pouch of slowly at rates peculiar to themselves parent for protection. And sometimes, selves being alive.

due to such forces as machinery, elewhen running at top speed to escape "traffic, vators, or earthquakes. motor will snatch an enemy, the mother

building has aWhen the up lliLK"* glandsSUGARofis animalsmade in fromthe mammaryglucose it force acting her and place young one head first on it in rhythm with its vibration—like into her pouch with lightning quickness. and lactic acid, according to recent repushing a person up in a swing—the search.

vibration of the building may become nPo FIND lost sea flyers, Georges noticeable alarming to those inand for private of contracts lights, /'ONTROL for his Claude, neon known rarely side, though dangerous. construction in was practiced of has the use an organic proposed

dye which will stain water in a con2000 B. C. The code of Hammurabi

centration of only one part in a million. contains provisions that if the con-

A test with 2.2 lbs. of fluorescein, tractor docs not build well and the

mixed with powdered cork and thrown house collapses, then damage done overboard from a submarine, made an thereby will have to be paid by the irregular bright green spot 650 feet in contractor, as well as rebuilding at his diameter, easily seen by an airplane own expense.

two and a half miles away.

HPhe pressure produced by explosives "Danana oil can be used for burns is so great that Munroe found the when they are not too serious. explosive force of a dose of gun cotton

Banana oil reduces the pain, though a is sufficient to impress the complete germicide must be added to make the outline of the leaf of an apple tree on solution antiseptic. Treatment is made the end of a cylinder of steel armor

: remoistening the dressing at interplate. by

, 'vals.

TfHE male Australian bower bird conTVA'lLE long rails will make smoother structs a courtship bower with platsticks at of twigs forms and each end railroad riding for passengers and brick tumbling end over end A HUGE berries, colored decorated with and rails easier. are maintenance The is in the the of the appearance sky fruit, leaves, later replacing and withequip- possible mobile made by newlittle planet Eros. decorations ones. ered with After new rails together. the for welding ment> is is built the in courtship over nest a is the making Another improvement

HTwo great exploding stars, superjoints slanting instead of the usual high tree, but the bower is kept for a novae, five hundred million times square cut, so that the wheels roll on playground. *

our sun's brilliance, have been discovthe top of the new rail before they have - ered by Dr. Fitz Zwicky. These two, left the top of the last. '\T7'hen someone has hallucinations

making 17 discovered in all time, were 4. "perhaps it's because he's lacking

teleusing small the Schmidt is leastfound by calcium. calcium being At the to revolt destroy helped CociAL

site of inch 200scope on the the new excited to calm used patients mental * according Empire Old Mayan California. Palomar,telescope on Mt. their delusions. banish to and stimulated the finding theory a by new

of shattered thrones at Piedras Negras, \17hite clover and alfalfa which orGuatemala.

"'dinarily germinate about 25 per as ascent 90 germinated much have cent about one and a half per /NLY for subjected about cent, beingper by "tin"tinplated the of common pressure about to water10 minutes is tin. can pressure as of the great as times2000

as -i the or aboutthe same atmosphere, a column of water 13 miles high. The r\B GREAT interest in physics and

effect is apparently permanent, for the chemistry is the discovery of a seeds can be dried and still show sunew subatomic particle by Harvard periority after months'time. and California Institute of Technology.

- It is apparently of a mass about 150 electron times the a tenth than and less that in Florida proved either proton, that of with a positive a to have wildflowers hadPxPERiMENTSnorthern electrical charge. negative or a parts or undergroundtheir rootstocks

near freezing for several weeks if normal growth and flowering is to take pxcEPT for chemically caused disease "W'ermilion red from the mercury place in the spring. To prevent his it is usually thought that bacteria ore, cinnabar, was used by the anpeach trees from early blooming after are the cause of disease even though cient Inca beauties to paint their faces.

a warm winter, a Georgia grower burtoo small to be seen when filtered out > ied cakes of ice under his trees. By of solution, but recent work has shown npHE Chinese have a centipede kite

means of artificial light, sweet peas that the viruses of at least two animal forty feet in length, which folds up have been made to bloom five weeks diseases in addition to those of certain like an accordion. The body consists

in advance of normal, and clover ordiplant diseases, are large nonliving of 25 disks, about a foot in diameter, narily requiring two years to come to protein molecules. On the borderline the last disk with streamers for a tail.

bloom was brought to flower in onebetween the living and the nonliving, In a strong wind it requires several tenth of this time. there are apparently chemicals which men to hold it.

A PATRIARCH'S PRAYER SPRING TOO SOON IN MEMORIAM

By N. C. Hanks By Rozella S. Petersen (EdwardMarchPartridge15. 1937)Kimball, died

the sun mountain crowned THE As ''their caps, with peaks golden a new "OoPLARS,Keep holdyour yournew balsamedleaves tightlycatkins,curled; By Clarence S. Jaevis

day spread its rays of opportunity over Roots, press back the life of blossoms. THOUSAND hours of organ interlude

old, the world. grey, bewhiskered An Keep your cloud flags, March, unfurled. thrice ten thousand listeners repatriarch of the mountains knelt, bowed A Andcall

his head to the East and the rising sun, I can smell the rain on willows, The dulcet tones, softblending and suband through the little clearing wherein Hear green water kiss the shore dued, flash of blue somber evening shades began to wings? While his cabin stood

before. known these words echoed WhatSpring!is this?WishA I'd faU. as he aloud: prayed

for I've work Thanks know you reason which grows to common Don't days you tarried while your a-waiting? A thousand

idling all these sense, with Can't be appreciation. imderstanding heart

fragrant. blossoms for people, songs, laughter, and sun and music, Bees Thanks

gifts, Spring! language, a little, Just creation's Wait, the chance please. Was"Buirever calling westward to your

to live. Yet ardently you strove to do your part

Thanks for the light of day, glory of night, In leadership to serve the Father's will.

thrill of work, magic of rest, joy of play. Your life lends broader meaning to your

Thanks for friends, people who care to lay, live, religion's hope, ambition's restless The hynm, "God loved us so He sent sting. His Son;"

Thanks, Almighty Creator, for opportuAlike, "The Night is wearing fast away;"

nities you bring; men's God, the un- "Our God we raise to thee,"another one.

finished thing, dreams of the future.

stories, for for eternal hope; the Thanks soulstirring each choir hymns Among

lift real, false to or higher which a men knows trails into with to blaze courage plane the missions In all our and throughout the unknown beauty, truth, and justice. West,

His amen came as suddenly as his "The wintry day descending to its close"

Whitney's talents and your own inBlendsbeginning. experience and Human

best. the in the mostly terests were behind him

years that had gone, but the love of Your hallowed memory will ever stay the mountains, and the grip of his naWhere Tabernacle broadcasts, through tive sod held him fast to the cabin and the years, clearing where he would cheerfully stay Have comforted sad hearts, and soothed to face his God and life's end. the way;

Your final message simg: "O dry those

DARK HILLS tears."

By Zena Chlarson O could our youth incline to dedicate

hills today. are dark has led:THE Their lives to follow where your path

twisted pines The crowded days in man's lift gnarled hands Ten thousand

To clutch the lowered clouds. estate,

thrice ten million souls are comAnd of sing today. harps AeolusThe

forted. stolid rocks resound and beatThe

To music of the lofty trees.

is light heart today.My MOSAIC the peaks. mountainI dance upon

to the grasping branchesAnd, Buchanan sky, THE WIND By Dorothy

I clamber up to smooth the clouds. By Ann DuPont

is thing mosaic. LOVELY

is sure. Everyone

TO for the say it's very rich. A CITY I 'he Andwind didcameboastfullyto my windowdeclare. AThey

By L. Kelly In tones that none could gainsay. And never for the poor.

He wished to enter there.

see CANNOT has been a mosaic Today first lightly, only tapped HeI superperfect skyline. Your thing. So colorful a fingers cold; With bony signs, of brilliant galaxy neonYour it lifted has eyes That up my finding unheeding. me life. Then roaringPenthouses, pavements, heart caused to sing: And my bold. to dared grow more He enthusiasmsYour mad

adjectives: withThat name you Morning and a meadowlark, rattled gusto; with now tremendous He burnished noon. copperSuperb—colossal—and tore force with might; The and He

there's inFor mind my breathless, twilight timid The It to seemed rend slumber my sight of land brings That a sickle moon; delight. give him mad Would jealously andTheVast—tenantless

Guarded by mountains whose When still I deigned no answer, Blossoms in my garden.

Bold peaks are lost in clouds, His fury knew no bound; Sharp fragrance of a pine.

Whose voice is the wind's He roared a mighty bellow Gay laughter of a baby girl

Eternal sigh through pines. That shook both house Eind ground. The thought that she is mine.

Or warning rattle over sanded wastes,

Who holds its people by their hate When dawn proclaimed the morning, A choice thing is my mosaic.

Of it, and by their greater love, My eyes beheld a feast Oh, I am so sure

And makes of them forever Of rain so soft and gentle That I am of the very rich

Exiles when they roam. As to put to shame the beast. And never of the poor.

May the stake missionary work, which exemplifies the latterday spirit, continue to go forward to bless the giver and the A. W. receiver!—/.

A NOTABLE, unheralded work has been going on, "MiCHOLAS Murray Butler has figured that during the last two years, in the stakes of Zion. money spent for the World War could have

Under the direction of the First Council of Seventy, built a $2,500.00 house, placed in it $1,000.00

missions have been organized in 116 of the 119 worth of furniture, put it on five acres of land stakes, for the purpose of explaining the Gospel to worth $100.00 an acre, and have given this to every

friends and neighbors and of bringing the wayward family in the United States, Canada, Australia, back into Church activity. Men and women, ocEngland, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, France, Belcupied with the necessary duties of life, have been gium, Germany, and Russia; could have given to

called to use a portion of their time by day or each city of 20,000 or over in each of these counevening for this unselfish service. tries a fivemillion dollar library and a tenmillion

Brilliant results have followed. (See page 171 dollar university; and could still with what was left

for full report.) In 1937, in 105 of the stakes, set aside a sum at 5 per cent that would provide a

more than two thousand men and women accepted $1,000.00 yearly salary for over 125,000 teachers such missionary calls, and forty thousand hall and and a like number of nurses.—Author unknown.

cottage meetings were held, to interest people in Reprinted from Treasures I Would Share, Heber the message of the restored Gospel of Jesus Christ. J. Grant, Dec. 1937.

These devoted workers had the joy of bringing 1,224 persons into the Church by baptism and of turning 2,756 inactive members into Church acFirst tivity. the Council work, the supervise To "V/arious reactions are wont to be stirred by the interviews 206 of held 165 office and made Seventy

visits into the stakes. It is altogether a splendid private counsels and public utterances of our

Church leaders. Following a general conference, record, which deserves the highest commendation.

or other Church gatherings where frank declaraMissionary service began with the organization tions have been made, a profound study in human of the Church, for the Lord so commanded. "Let nature is possible by observation of the comments

them... preach the Gospel by the way, bearing evinced by the Church membership.

record of the things which are revealed unto them, Always at such times there are the faithful and for, verily, the sound must go forth... into all the undisturbed who agree to what has been said

the world, and unto the uttermost parts of the and who go home with full purpose to do those earth—-the Gospel must be preached unto every things which their leaders have spoken.

creature."Obediently and joyfully the Church has Then there is always that small number whose

covered the earth with missionary efforts, at an minds are snarled with malcontent. They knew

unparalleled sacrifice on the part of wives and husthey would not like what was said before they bands, parents, brothers, sisters, and friends. Out went to that meeting. Why they went at all it is

of these attempts to bring the truth of the Lord to difficult to say, unless it may be they wished to all men has come a surpassing joy. No gladness exercise their inalienable right to find fault if, when,

compares with that of sharing the possession of and as often as they choose. Or it may be that the

everlasting truth with others.., two spirits which strive in all men, strive in them

Too often, however, we have taken little time to on a more equal footing, and one will not let them explain to dear friends and kindly neighbors the stay completely away from the gatherings of their glorious truths of the Gospel, or to lead back into brethren, no more than will the other let them find paths of true happiness those, within the Church, complete harmony there.

who have drifted away from participation in Of course, on the fringe always are those defiChurch activities. The organization of stake misnitely forlorn and muchto-bepitied few who have

sions has entered this somewhat untilled field. lost mastery of self and who now serve a nefarious

Our friend must be as dear to us as the stranger. master. They come to heckle, to destroy faith,

and to do the bidding of the enemy of truth. ConThe great body of stake missionaries bear a sidering their motives and their lack of scruples,

joyful message, which if accepted has the power they wield surprisingly little influence and ento transform the drabness of life into glorious gender surprisingly little disturbance.

living. The message is one of truth, of enlightened But perhaps the most definitely heroic group in

vision, of communication with God, or daily joy. attendance at any major Church gathering is that

We must not withhold, by our indifference, this group of undetermined number, who sacrifice their knowledge and enlarged life from those who live own inclinations and interests out of loyalty to the near us. chosen leaders of the Lord—that group who find

They who bear witness to another of the resthemselves paying some sacrifice either of pride, toration of the Gospel receive abiding joy. Their opinion, or material advantage, notwithstanding

hearts are filled with divine emotion. The work which they are numbered among the faithful in the

and glory of the Lord is the saving of souls. Whoacts of their lives because they believe that inspiraever on earth is engaged in such work approaches tion transcends manmade thinking and planning.

the likeness of God, And all this brings us to the question as to what

must a prophet speak?—-and an equally important God and sustained by the Church as "prophets,

question—what constitutes loyalty and faithfulness seers and revelators"?

on the part of a member of the Church of Jesus Some members of the Church have been heard

Christ? to boast their agreement with, their leaders, and

To consider the first: therefore they follow faithfully. But suppose we

Must a prophet's words be pleasing unto all the disagree? Suppose these leaders annoy us by

weaknesses. Suppose our "harping""pet"on of minority of the majority people?—apeople?—a like to hear? truth of kind speak the they do not we all? at to pleasing anyone Thethe people?—or test Is that agree? a follow only where we we Do in case. in is definitely the each negativeanswer

Indeed, the words of a prophet need not be pleasing of devotion?

even unto himself, and frequently are not. The answer again is profoundly in the negative.

It has never been an essential function of a The most base and unenlightened of men will folit follow. is pleasing to to him low where The for the mohe pleaseprophet that people—either If will to animals follow where do as much. of very ever. the greatest Pleasing numberment—or

people at a given moment is the way of politicians one pleases be a test of faithfulness surely in all is unfaithfulness. thing there as world no such the the votegetting. essential to requisite But—a this President the time of Church, or next The elected votes. need ofprophet has no The Lord

him to what is more often than not a thankless any duly appointed leader, speaks that which job and without his having announced his candiseems to conflict with our own thinking or our ( more often the latter thandacy for the position. own material interests

Indeed, few prophets in any age ever pleased the former ) may we not have the courage and the any comparatively great number of the people honesty to remember that it is "the words of truth"among whom they were born to live and speak. that "are hard against"us and "do not say that"

The extent of a prophet's pleasing function is they "have spoken hard things against you, for readily attested in terms more eloquent than words if ye do ye will revile against the truth."

by contemplating the number who have been A prophet must speak truth, under the appointstoned, crucified, burned, banished, reviled, scoffed ment and inspiration of God, no matter what his interests, feelings, or or personal counter ownat and their their words and and spat upon—they faithtest of the the loyalty preferences, and and thatfaithful followers. prophet No, a may speak

which is pleasing, but pleasantry is certainly neither fulness of a Latterday Saint is that he follow an essential nor primary function of his calling. as directed by the Lord through His prophet reinterests, his material private gardless of own tell facts, is to the calling under of a prophet The personal convenience. opinions, or inspiration of God, Almightythe and appointment

it in certainly well this to keep mind were And is thinking no the matter world and whatno the through every of spoken Lord word also—that all this for tomatter want what men hear—and will prophets, servants, yet the of His the mouths price another, in or paid, a oneprophets have way hereafter. fulfilment, a find prophet or now When is being cost of a thinking the price which—that it question a spoken, of be has sometimes may God is fighting cost of the that price backperson, which

it is "if."of a question of but "when,"never misconception. popular, tide of theagainst massed

It is a strong human attribute to cherish the good—R. L. E.

opinion of other men and to desire to be pleasing and acceptable to one's fellows, and it requires heroic devotion to duty to stand out from the "NARCH can boast no great holiday: no Thankscrowd and tell the onrushing mass toward what giving or Fourth of July. She can flaunt no

inevitable end it is headed. But that, under the gorgeous rose, no bounteous harvest. Yet March

appointment and direction of the Lord God, is what has a glory all her own, a glory that is second to a prophet must frequently do. It is such tasks nothing which any other month can offer.

that, except for moral obligation and the dictates It is the month of sailing kites and jumping ropes, of God Almighty, no man would choose. of windblown hair and rosy cheeks, of sparkling

In other words, a prophet speaks truth, and all eyes and smiling lips, for March's glory is her the truth is not pleasing to all men. It cramps their winds. Fresh, invigorating, powerful, they clear

convenience and twinges their conscience and they away all smoke and fog. With her broom, March

feel that they must defend themselves against it by sweeps the cobwebs from the skies and leaves them reviling him who has spoken it. It is even as Jacob clear for scudding clouds. With her vacuum

cried out when he found resentment against him cleaner, March sucks up the smoke and opens a truthful utterances: his prophetic ofbecause and vista done. of must can be be what done—what against that things you; hard not spoken I have say Do cloth, of the dust her she grime wipes off With

if truth; will revile thefor against for I have ye do ye

spoken the words of your Maker. I know that the words all pettiness and leaves us free to fill our minds

of truth are hard against all uncleanness, but the righteous and lungs to their full capacity with clean, sweet fear them not and are not shaken. Book of Mormon, II Neair. With her bellows, March fills the sails of our

phi, 9:40. hopes and shows us the port toward which we

So much for what a prophet must speak. That must steer. She makes us dream new dreams and

there is one in Israel today we have no doubt. see new visions. In riotous glee, March blows

But what of the test for faithfulness and loyalty up a storm to wash off the soot of winter and preon the part of a member of the Church of Jesus pare the way for the new burst of grandeur, which

Christ with respect to the prophet and his inspired is spring.

associates of the First Presidency and the Council Come, let's greet March—the great housecleanof the Twelve who likewise have been appointed of ing month of the year.—M. C. /.

NEW MISSION PRESIDENT of the Farm Security Administration

APPOINTED (formerly State Resettlement Administration) is concentrating at the presJAMES JuDD, for the past eight years a ent time on the agricultural projects and member of the Zion Park Stake problems of the Church Security proPresidency, was appointed on January gram and in this capacity is working 18, 1938, by the First Presidency, presiclosely with Dr. John A. Widtsoe, agrident of the Australian Mission to succultural adviser.

ceed Thomas D. Rees.

Elder Judd has served on two preMEXICAN REFUGEES OF CIVIL vious missions, from 19141918 in the WAR OF 1912 TO RECEIVE

British Mission, and in 1928 a short SOME COMPENSATION term mission in Alaska. With his \7'ernon Romney, attorney for fifty

in active Judd, he was father, Thomas 'claimants driven from were who part southern colonizing in the of Utah anduring 1912, of THOMAS L. WOODBURY KENNETH R. STEVENS Mexico the war

and in Nevada. He, his wife, and their nounced January 25 on his return from

plan Mildred, children. andtwo Mack College, has been State Agricultural hunWashington, D. many C, that

Australia. for in April early to leave Tahitian of the president appointed receive claimants of these dreds would

Mission by the First Presidency. He partial payment on the loss they sufsucceeds Thomas L. Woodbury, who fered.

has served in that mission for the past There were approximately 4,000 L.

year, until he suffered a serious illness D. S. colonists who were driven from

several weeks ago. President and Mrs. seven Mormon settlements in northern

Woodbury arrived in Salt Lake City Mexico. Elder Romney himself as a

on February 11. lad of sixteen had to flee from Colonia

Elder Stevens previously served for Dublan. His brother, Junius Romney,

three years in this same mission. He then president of the stake, led tne

is a graduate of Brigham Young Uniexodus.

versity and received his doctor's degree Claims were filed against the Mexifrom the University of New Jersey in can government with the state depart1932. He has always been active in ment of the United States and finally

Church work, at the present time being a decision was reached whereby Mex- a counselor in the Cache Stake Genico agreed to pay part of these claims.

ealogical Committee. Only those who filed their claims priElder Stevens, his wife, and their or to 1927 will be entitled to particithree daughters will leave at the close pate.

of the school year in June for their new field of labor. GROUP NAMED TO SELECT

DESIGN FOR MONUMENT CHURCH COMMITTEE FORMED FOR PIONEERS

TO INVESTIGATE TOBACCO /ovERNOR Blood of Utah named

AND LIQUOR TRAFFIC - President Heber J. Grant chair7S GENERAL Committee for the Church man of the committee to select a suit-

* with Dr. Joseph F. Merrill of the able monument to the Pioneers to be

Council of the Twelve as chairman, has placed near the mouth of Emigration

TOP LEFT, JAMES JUDD; TOP RIGHT, THOMAS been formed to investigate the traffic Canyon. The recommendation of the

D. REES; LOWER RIGHT, CASTLE H. MURPHY. in liquor and tobacco and to report its committee is to be made to the 1939

findings to the members of the Church legislature for approval and for the

HAWAIIAN TEMPLE HEAD through the Church periodicals and in execution of the plans. Mahonri Young

NAMED public discussion. It is keenly felt that and Avard Fairbanks, both eminent

/ASTLE H. Murphy was named presthe appalling increase both in liquor Utah sculptors, now residing in the

ident of the Hawaiian Temple by and tobacco consumption demands East, have been invited to submit the First Presidency on January 15, some authentic information and inplans.

1938. Elder Murphy has already servtensive education on the subject. Theed twice in the missionary capacity in members of this committee headed by NEW ASSOCIATE EDITOR

the Hawaiian Islands. From 1909 to Dr. Merrill will include representatives OF MILLENNIAL STAR1913, he and his wife served there. from the First Council of Seventy, the NAMED

Two children, born in the mission field, Presiding Bishopric, and the Church Rlder Arthur C. Porter has beenhave since served missions in the auxiliaries. named associate editor of the

islands. In 1930, Elder to Star Elder succeed Murphy Parry was C. STOTT ORVAL ADDED TO Millennial misof president thecalled in as Sorensen, same acting has been D. who FIELD STAFF OF GENERAL president. this as served templesion for nearly capacity oneand one and He SECURITY COMMITTEE six for years mission years.in over and the half

the temple for one year. He succeeds 71 NNOUNCEMENT of the appointment

Edward L. Clissold. 'of C. Orval Stott as a field repreREADER'S DIGEST ARTICLE

sentative of the General Security ComFAVORABLE TO LATTERDAYNEW PRESIDENT OF mittee of the Church was recently made SAINTS

TAHITIAN MISSION by the First Presidency, to become Tn the February Reader's Digest an

APPOINTED effective with the beginning of the year * article appears written by Ray Giles

TENNETH R. Stevens, assistant pro1938. Mr, Stott, who was until his and titled, "A Step Toward Livelier

fessor of bacteriology at the Utah new appointment Utah State Director Old Age."(See page 173.)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1938

MISSIONARY PASSES IN School Union. He was also viceShe has been an active worker in the

GERMANY president and a director of Z. C. M. I., Church, serving in the Relief Society

"Cranz Otto Drechsel of Salt Lake a director of Utah Oil Refining Comin later years and being active in the earlier years. her recreational Consolidated work in Wagon and Mare- pany, * City, Utah, who was recently

six a sons and by She is survived chine and Company, vicepresident labors, died his missionaryleased from in Germany in a Berlin hospital. Born executive committee chairman of Zion's daughter. They are President J. Reuin Germany in 1878, he came to AmerSavings Bank, vicepresident and Diben Clark, Jr., Edwin M., John W.,

ica with his wife and five children in rector of Utah State National Bank, Frank R., Samuel W. Clark, Gordon

1910. He left here September 19, 1935, and founder and president of Bennett W. Clark, and Esther Clark Naylor.

on a mission to his native land. He Glass and Paint Co. Sunday. January 9, 1938

his are Bennett Surviving Mr. widow, is survived organized Smithfield Stake by his wife, four sons, and was The

until Bennett, Rosetta Wallace Mrs.four daughters. Stake. part of Benson from A. W. General of the I. A. recently Y. W. M. president sustained as Chambers was

F., sons, three Harold Wallace FORMER Board;DEATH CLAIMS Bennie Halvorson with and A. Reed J.

S. Bennett, and Richard two H., andASSISTANT TABERNACLE stake as counselors. Ravsten The new

ORGANIST daughters, Mrs. Elizabeth Bennett includes the following wards: Amalga,

H ENRYsic departmentE. Giles, founderat Brighamof theYoungmuWintersBorn andin Birmingham,Mrs. Mary BennettEngland,Smith.in Clarkston,Smithfield 2nd,Newton,and SmithfieldSmithfield 3rd1st,

this selfmade came 11, 1865, July man welllovedUniversity, composer of This is the 119th stake of the Ward.

his the parents at with age to Utah marches, SaintLatterday and hymns Church.

former assistant tabernacle organist, of three. The Weber Stake was reorganized

17, adIn 1938.passed January away Riley as president. with H. James PRESIDENT OF MOTHER listed activities above, thedition to first sustained as E. Garner Horace was CLARK. JR., PASSES J. REUBEN stake as GilesProfessor served Ensign counselor Julian Stephens H. and was

died Louisa Clark chorister, supervisor of RTary Woolleyorganist and sustained as second counselor.

at the age 10, 1938, February the *'* onmusic for Provo city and Utah county schools, organist of the Eightof 89. Mrs. Clark was a pioneer of Sunday, January 16, 1938

eenth ward, and chorister of Utah 1848, having been born July 5, 1848, The Bountiful First Ward, South stake. in Keith County, Nebraska, while her Davis Stake, was reorganized with

Professor Giles was born March 26, parents, Edwin D. and Mary WickerThomas A. Biggs as Bishop. George

1859, a son of Thomas D. and Marsham Woolley, were en route to Utah Albert Hardy and Lyman Call were

garet Giles, Utah handcart pioneers. from Nauvoo. Soon after her marriage sustained as counselors.

His father was a blind harpist. in 1870 to Joshua Reuben Clark, she Wednesday, January 19, 1938

Professor Giles is survived by the moved with him to Grantsville, where The Presiding Bishopric reports that following sons and daughters: Professhe resided until 1935. {Concluded on page 185)

sor Thomas Giles, head of the music department at the University of Utah;

John D. Giles, Field Supervisor of the

Y. M. M. I. A.; Clarence Giles, and

Henry E. Giles, Jr.; Catherine Giles

Engberg; Ida Giles Sharp; Jenalyn

Giles Cline; Margaret Giles Scharman.

JOHN F. BENNETT PASSES

JOHN F. Bennett, churchman, industrial leader, and cherished friend of

thousands, died Wednesday, February 9, 1938, in Salt Lake City, at the age of 72. Heart attack was the immediate

cause of death.

MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME

ARRIVED JANUARY 31, 1938—DEPARTED FEBRUARY 17, 193S

Left to right, First Row: M. Dover Hunt, Newell H. Crook, Harold D. Cox, Melville LeRoy

Trimball, E. Cameron Fullmer, Wm. D. Wagstaff, Taylor Spencer, Elmer Lester Merrell, Ferrin Butler.

Second Row: Ellmai Christensen, Marianne Lindsay Hobson, Gladys Farroway, Leio Biglow, Donna

Tolboe, Eifonda Swapp, Delia Wilson, Ruth Burt, Elva Swallow, Mary Petersen.

Third Row: James B. Hellewell, Dora Cluff, Janette Davidson, Elida Knight, Leone Nelson,

Leile McNeil, Edna Capbell, Pauline Mildeson, J. Lewis Johnson.

Fourth Row: James F. Weaver, Harold C. Larsen, Robert S. Kirkham, Keith Larue Taylor, Ingrid

Anderson, Antone Webb, Daniel W. Thomas, Arnold Vaughn Wadsworth, Wilfred W. Taylor, Omar Buttars.

Fifth Row: Lavawn Owen, Wayne L. Barrett, James R. Hansen, W. Emerson Cox, Ralph M. Lindsay,

Miles Jensen, Joseph W. Sharp, Gene Merkley, B. H. Alexander, Howard Taylor.

Sixth Row: Don Rushton, Charles J. Crook, Clyde Hadley, George E. Kelly, George F. Chambers,

Lloyd Kidd, Edwin J. Holmgren, Calvin Rasmussen, Merril W. Howard, Terronce Hatch.

Seventh Row: Victor Olsen, Paul Vance, Nolan R. Ballard, Even A. Oreme, Phillip Hathaway,

C. Fred Schueman, Robert L. Cope, Marion Bandley, Everette Cooley.

Eighth Row: Thomas Riggs, Lafayette M. Lee, Faris Petersen, Grant Grandy, John Shaw, Raymon

L. Sudweek, Hayden J. Foster, Walter H. Hick, Blaine Blake.

Ninth Row: Alfred S. Zeyer, Ralph B. Hutchings, Rollo N. Bulkley, Angus C. McLane, Scott W.

Hope, Louise E. Stradling, Arlin R. Porter, Walter Stuart, Frank Barrus, Ferrin Jones.

Tenth Row: C. Even Jenkins, Ralph B. Heward, J. Wayne Curtis, Homer H. Anderson, Darword

JOHN F. BENNETT D. Eames,EleventhKennethRow: Child,OrvilleJ. RossW. Day,Farrer,OdellRayWebb,L. Jones,ClairMac.Turley,C. Russell.Ross S. Evans, Wynn S. Anderson,

Mr. Bennett at the time of his death Dona TwelfthA. Carlson,Row:HaroldLaymanW. Hoopes,Hedgepeth,IngarHeneryAnderson,Grimshaw,Lavere HaroldBagwell.G. Wheeler, Lawrence McDonald,

was a member of the Church Auditing Milton D. Garfield, Alvord Cox, Vernon Parker, F. Wayne Tippetts, LeRoy Hunsaker.

Thirteenth Clifford Row: Blackham, Orden, Nielson, Arthur Van Kenneth Ross D. Paul M. Cluff,Committee a and of the member Gen- B. Pratt, Edwin, Walter Hamilton, Jensen, Eugene Denmark Hutchins, Gene Evan Turnbow, J. Wytey

eral the of Board Sessions (President). Deseret Sunday

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

EXPECT our children to of bridges, machinery, airplanes, or develop into fine, healthy, any particular thing which is ofWEnormal men and women, paramount interest to you both.

success to achieveand them want F UN M*- J-Iave you tried giving your childeither in the professional or commercial world. Yet let us ask ouran inexpensive microscope? Just

selves: what help are we givingthem? The answer, if we are honest, FAMILYwill probably be that beyond board, By MATHILDA BURON

room, and clothing, mixed with a istry outfit, or a pair of pet rabbits, little cultural guidance, we the trick. of which are giving any might do

little else, love. exceptthem thing against which One we shall

When young we want them to have to guard is being disappointed keep off the street, and we certainly if his interest switches from one don't want them to play with undething to another. That is only

sirable children. Beyond advising natural, for without background

how can a child possibly know what will appeal to them? Children, and

adults too, have to switch from one interest to another, until they find just the one that answers the inner need; the something which is

aroused before we become real enthusiasts. This is not mere vacillation, neither is it a waste of time,

for, with each subject dropped, some knowledge will have been gained.

Children and adults can both gain a lot from hobbies which are shared together, but ours must be the role to guide, without the child's being aware of it. Even so, it can be

worked out very satisfactorily on a a small one with a few mounted partnership basis. slides and a box of plain ones on

Let's take photography as a partwhich to mount specimens will be nership hobby. Give your child a sufficient for a start. In a little

camera; probably it would be as well while, maybe just a few seconds,

to give one of the inexpensive box you'll both be fascinated with the variety until the interest has become new world which will unfold. Then

firmly established. With that type, you'll start to mount drops of stagone doesn't have the bugbear of nant water, scales of butterfly wings,

focusing, for it's almost foolproof. etc. The way is now opened for a

or commanding them, most of us go The child may take a few snapshots vast study which will absorb all the little further in the matter. If they and tire of the camera altogether, spare minutes, particularly if you

quite likely will beboth become interested in bacterihad some constructive interest—of or he may and ology. Now you can combinetheir own choosing—it would give come quite engrossed with photogus a greater opportunity to supervise raphy. He may have the first few photography with this newer hobby,

their play and their companions unrolls of film developed at the drugand learn to photograph microor- obtrusively. store. If enthusiasm waxes, then is ganisms with equipment you have

Back in the mind of every child the time to suggest that you fix a made together.

there lurks some often totally unblack paper screen over the bathThere are so many hobbies which expressed desire; it is something room window and start together to just naturally seem to lead into one

of which the child frequently is not both develop and print your own another, and among them all must even conscious and yet some little films. What a thrill this partnerbe something which will prove of

thing, some slight incident would ship will bring you both, and it gives vast benefit and interest to your bring it to the surface and solve our you both a background in photogchild. Both parents can work and

problem of how to help our children. raphy and chemistry. leam together with their children,

Every child needs some interest Shooting pictures of this and that and in that way build up close family at which he can work in his spare is somewhat futile and expensive. ties which are so essential in chartime, but it should not be we who Try to foster the idea of taking picacter building as well as in the forselect that interest for him. We tures of buildings; that would foster mation of that subtle atmosphere

can, though, perhaps, start that inan interest in architecture. Or just which tends toward contented,

terest by the judicious gifts of a photograph animals; what a lot of happy homelife and a balanced percamera, a model airplane, a butterpatience and natural history you'll sonality.

fly net, a microscope set, a chemboth learn! Make sets of pictures Of course, if possible your child

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1938

dbihsiiu disjw—THESE BISCUITS ARE

corner—it'sSpring is rightno longerhere. It'saroundthe timethe SWELL. NO BITTER TASTE

for spring cleaning, painting, and LIKE those: LAST ONS.

remodeling. It's the time to plan

where winter goods are going for safe storing too. A cedarlined

closet would be just the thing for keeping the woolens and furs mothproof. Perhaps, too, you want some

chests for rubbers and galoshes.

But at any rate I know you will want some little shelves for brightcolored china and flowers.

Why not call the Sugar House Lumber and Hardware Company, if you live in or near Salt Lake City, or drop them a note if you live farther out, and let them help you with your spring remodeling problems.

Be sure that you clean your clothes thoroughly before you store them in that new mothproof closet.

Your nearest Shell Oil dealer will be glad to sell you a cleaner which will insure your clothes. And while

you are riding around to choose those neutraltoned wallpapers which are going to be so popular this year, be sure to have him fill your tank with Shell's good, quickstarting gasoline. Ask him about GLOBE Al

Shellubricating your car too. CMMfide. BISCUIT FLOUR

course, you're while Of remodelbaking hometype an expensive, Made with ing, will there light- a be few new afterThat's no bitter why it has fixtures to powder. that ing will you want

add. And you may want some of taste. Thrifty, because it makes so many

the other soconvenient household good things, quickly. helps which and the Utah Power

Light home expert will be pleased to explain to you if you will only give her a telephone call, By the time night comes on these busy housecleaning days, you will be glad for this easyto-make dessert: More than

CANFIELD DROP COOKIES 2 c. Globe "Al"Flour

3/4 tsp. soda

1 c. butter or substitute 1 c. brown sugar 140,000

1 tsp. vanilla

2 eggs HOME DWELLERS ENJOY 1 c. chopped nuts

1 c. raisins

2 tbsp. milk

Sift flour, measure, add soda and sift three times. Cream butter, add ELECTHIC COOKING

sugar gradually and cream thoroughly. Add eggs, one at a time, In The Territory We Servel

beating hard after each egg is added. Add nuts, raisins, milk, and vanilla. Fold in the flour and mix ASK ABOUT THE

well. Drop baking by teaspoon on

in hot bake sheet and (400 ELECTRIC RANGE CONTEST oven degrees) about 15 minutes.

UTAH POWEH A LIGHT CO. Fun for the Family

—ashouldden haveor a study—ina room of whichhis veryhe ownmay

keep all his things with a parental is interested in some subject about gent part in his hobby. The time

"inspection day"once a week to see which we have but very hazy knowlwe spend in that manner would if his room is kept in order. A ceredge, it would be easy for us to probably be far more profitable than

tain amount of "untidiness"should spend a Httle time in the library, so anything else we could do for it be permitted. that we become better informed and would bring us in close touch with

If our child, as so often happens, better able to take an active, intelliour child, his interests and ambitions.

"Era"Advertisers Merit Your Patronage. 165

Smoking and Other Habits, from its pages which will improve their Antarctic Icebreakers

Their Effects and Cures ability to handle many of the teaching (Lorene Fox, Doubleday, Doran and (Frank Leighton Wood, M. D., problems confronting them. Arthur E. Company, Inc., Garden City, New

Zondervan Publishing House, Peterson, Assistant Superintendent of York, 1937, 319 pages, $2.50.)

Grand Rapids, Michigan, 1938.) Jordan School District, Sandy, Utah.

classified is this as a jun- A lthough dediof 68 pages, little volumeTThis Fables for Parents ** adults do ior would book, many the girls of and the boys * catedto Canfield, (Dorothy hisit long learn the to read and Harcourt, Brace well world, is a most excellent discussion of and Company, New York City, 1937, tory behind the discovery of the Antthe medical and scientific aspects of the 312 pages, $2.50.) arctic hemisphere. Historically accumarijuana, and alcohol, opiumtobacco, fascinatingly as as rate, reads the book Canfield"has "Dorothy name HPhe in is treatment, It scholarlyhabits. feeling of genuinculcates a novel a and

litwith synonymous good * become convincexpression, in andtemperate for brave those respect ine who men the erature. Parents, In Fables for in presentation.ing increasinterest of in the elements the

belie reputation. that not author does forth set are alcohol effects of The the of wealth the ing knowledge and in in her twinkle eye a knowing With disease, heart of as cause aespecially mankind.

stories, underthe of with deep a life. many shortened death,"and"sudden the text pictures and enhance The all in of she them, love standing and heart is to cause shownSmoking

it. to enlighten much do ourselves see parents us more makes various ulcers, gastric anddisease,

respiratory diseases, and also to reduce clearly than we had ever desired to see From John de Angeli of Doubleday, efficiency and to increase delinquency. ourselves. Doran & Company comes the followWoman's sex life is unquestionably inIn the collection of stories the ing information concerning the author

terfered with by tobacco. Valuable author's deep faith in God is expressed of Antarctic Icebreakers:

suggestions are made to those who dethrough one of her characters in the Lorene Fox was born in Raymond, sire to overcome these and other simfollowing manner: Alberta, Canada, of Utahbred parents.

ilar habits. She had asked herself a moment ago They came back to Salt Lake City

Dr. Wood emphasizes that nicotine where that strength came from when you when she was five and they lived there

causes a constriction of the small or needed it most. She knew. Where could from then on except for one year. That

terminal blood vessels of the body, such a flooding of power come from, save year they lived on their farm in Idaho that from the of unimaginable power sister brother evil she, her with and of the explain unwhere manywhich may that imaginable goodness God. was You in the pigs cows, habit. and herded swam the tobaccoeffects of that, because it never knew came when you

alin the hideand-seek to canal, played hesitate say does not author The for yourself. something wanted Only when

that, from the producer to the user, you'd left yourself behind and needed falfa field and put on plays in the these habits root in greed, selfishness, strength for someone else. Then it never orchard with their cousins, whose farm

and ignorance. failed you. adjoined theirs.

is that rare Canfield comDorothy is paid page on neat compliment A inpresent of strongest her Many teller. bination story philosopher of in and Saints a statethe Latterday to57 childhood. has terests She with began

real rare and humor wisdom of The the relative to Wisdom. Wordment write, to talk to to loved draw, in always

it Fables profit Parents book one make with for read be could This book stimulating people, discuss with and that reading. miss parent should no everywhere. old and younqby is then, extremely she as now, and was—/. A. W.—M. C. /. fond of practically all sports.

Zalmona in Salt City Lake educated She wasAdolescence sailing of school, fond always (Ezra C. Robinson.) and was (Lawrence A. Averill, Houghton

Mifflin Co.. N. Y.. 1936. 496 pages.) 'T'his is a new edition, somewhat rethrough high school and into college in

reveled the average. year under a She first * vised, of play appeared a which folks of young teaching college, in anything. trying miss to not locale aqo. several years The a not only demands capacity anyPPFECTivE in in teaching, connection she with to sented of from be Book Mormonis repreThen, an experience and of backgroundrich extension courses took up and summer history.—i?. L. E. underalso an but in teaching,ability attending for years, several courses

needs of and problems of thestanding LORENE FOX for University year a Brigham Young "Antarctic Author of its objective has as volume Thisyouth. A., Icebreakers"to for her B. which finish up work

the presentation of those aspects of adshe received from that school in 1930.

justment and maladjustment in youth, the understanding of which is so vital Two years ago, in February, 1935.

for their proper guidance. she pulled up roots and came to TeachAs the major emphasis in the M. L A. ers'College, Columbia University, in

program is the growth and development New York; seven thrilling months of

of young people under the influence of working with professors about whom the high standards of the Church, the she had heard and read for years, and reading of this book by Mutual workers of seeing New York in its many excitwill greatly enhance their effectiveness ing phases, from the Metropolitan and in the application of the program. the Philharmonic down to tenement

The book is interestingly written. It houses and slums, and the rampant reis not filled with intricate theories or sentments that come with so undemoconfusing generalities understood only cratic a scale of distinctions. Thoroughtaken vigorous so up with a way of author ly in psychology. experts Theby

life offer educationcan York as New a technique case method as used thehas for studying the behavior of youth, and ally, she decided to stay.

consequently presents his material in a She was born with a spirit of advenmanner easily understood by the averture, of love for the new, probably age reader. traceable to the Rocky Mountain air in

Our Church teachers will glean much which she was brought up. M. C. J.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1938

An Adventure in Health andPresentlylater to IVancouver.was sent toInSpokane,the big Mormonfarm. Butboybeforewhenhehe returnedcame fromtotheit

{Concluded icom page 146) cities we ate in cafes. I was soon indigestion had a permanent clutch

bones along those endless roads. I sick again and as thin as ever. Most on his sore "innards."

was thinner than J. Golden Kimball. of us were from poor families, and Such memories burn a lot more

Then we were directed to Walla realized that every dollar we spent than bless. How terribly we sinned

Walla for the winter season. This represented sacrifice on the part of in our callow ignorance against the

isis a fruitgrowing country. The our relatives. We tried to be ecolaws of health! Graveyard mold

fruit crop had been abundant and nomical without knowing how to be probably the only cure now for the the market poor. Peaches, melons, truly so. Two meals a day, the first chronic ailments some of us brought

grapes, and apples were left to rot one generally hot cakes and syrup, on ourselves because of those eatin the orchards because there was and the second, meat with potatoes ing crimes. And we thought all the

no profit in picking them. We were and a piece of pie or other kind of time we were keeping the Word of

invited to help ourselves everywhere dessert. Any variation of the above Wisdom!

we went. which included other kinds of vege- I feel sure that Dr. Widtsoe's

But the doctor had told me tables made slight improvement, for, book is all the medicine the average that fruit would kill me. I looked as I remember those bilious resmissionary boy or girl will ever need.

at all that luscious, forbidden fruit taurant messes, the vegetables had I hope every one reads it, and then about the way Eve did, I suppose, been cooked to death and then is reminded of its contents over and and decided I'd just as well be dead, warmed and rewarmed until every over again.

anyway. So for three weeks I never healthgiving property in them had

ate a cooked meal; just fruit. Like been destroyed. Such food was as

a bear in the fall, with both hands tasteless and dead as a hospital meal.

full and blazing eyes, I ate on and I remember one big, redheaded on, trying to satisfy the craving for missionary boy who used to stuff fruit that had grown on me during bread left on cafe tables into his that long, fruitless summer, until I'd pocket and store it in his dresser have sold my soul for a mouthful drawer. When he had thus accumof it. After about two days of this ulated a goodly supply of stale

fruiteating debauch I tossed that bread he would order several dozen bottle of cascara into the air and hardboiled eggs which he would Save up to 3c per chick, no matter what state you sexed also of chicks, and breeds live in! All it I in sack. rock. with to his take a paper gainedsmashed a room possible by made PRICES leadingLOWEST

daily. Hatches CAPACITY. at LARGEST hybrids,WORLD'S live for nearly rate at the of a or thenweight a week pound He could raising today! chick guide for this Send BIG, FREE

a day for two months. And every more on the "spoils."This fellow COLONIAL POULTRY FARMS

pound of it good, healthy flesh. was a strapping specimen of healthy Box 933 Florence, Colo.

J/uL (Bhidc TI/loiyL AoijA, MAIL THIS COUPON FREE BOOK OF 62 HOME DESIGNS INTERSTATE BRICK CO.,

3180 South nth East.

Please send me a free copy of your book, "Better Homes"which shows floor plcais ctnd photographs of 62 different brick homes, designed by architects. It is my understanding

that this request places me under no obligation.

Name Address

City.vi....State

''Brick Costs No More''NTERSTATE BRICK COMPANY 3180 So. 11th East Salt Lake City, Utah Phone Hy. 630

THE QUORUM AND WARD careful consideration of the quorum Council Committees will function in

AUTHORITIES presidency and authorization of the the High Council much as they func- "Defore assistance is given to any quorum members should be received. tion in a quorum, and in addition will

personal seek acquaintanceship with conof the quorum, needy member Ill the the corresponding of comwork the bishopsultation with should be had funds should deAll quorum be the mittees Priesthood quorums among that security committee so theand ward posited in properly safeguarded banks. profitstake. of the stakes Other may will avoided.duplication be Every First Presidency created have The the of ably follow Pioneer example

is, be, represented or on shouldquorum a nonprofit organization as the known Stake. v.ard security committee; therebythe Security in "Cooperative Corporation"

the direct to access hasthe quorum to legalize order business transactions MONTHLY WARD organizaotherhelp given Church by in the Security Church Program. If TEACHERS'MEETING

in need. totions members Church desired, funds be quorum demay beclasses meet quorum \17henever to secure exercised be shouldCare this posited corporation, with and ''fore the bishop School Sunday organizations of actionunited Church at the pleasure withdrawn of the quofree could the use period well morning similar thisin behalf quorum of and indicated. as above rum for of Fast monthly a Sunday wardactivities.

QUORUM FUNDS MINGLING OF PRIESTHOOD teachers'Ward meeting.teaching, properly and fullyQUORUM funds, really trust funds, GROUPS OR QUORUMS conducted, is one of the most helpful

must be carefully safeguarded. Tn a number of wards groups of High means provided by the Lord for carryReceipts and disbursements should be Priests and Seventies have been ing forward the work of the Church.

properly and promptly entered in the consolidated for the regular weekly When every family in the Church is books of the quorums. Authority for meeting. This should not be done. visited regularly every month and the

and approval of every expenditure The essence of the present Priestspiritual and temporal needs of the peoshould be shown on the quorum rechood program is to develop to full caple reported properly to the officers ords. The following procedure, appacity quorum consciousness and acof the Church, there will be little spirproved by the General Priesthood tivity. This cannot be accomplished itual or temporal suffering within the

Councils of the Church, should be obif quorums meet together in their weekChurch.

served by quorum oflBcers and memly meetings, or if they unnecessarily Wards in which the quorum meetbers., undertake joint activities. ings are held at some other time than

It is better to have a group each of Sunday morning could nevertheless

Quorum funds should be conscienSeventies and High Priests, even hold the monthly ward teachers'meettiously expended for the purpose for though the numbers be small, than to ing on Fast Sunday preceding Sunday which the funds arc collected, such as combine these groups to win advanSchool, or at any other convenient the maintenance of the central office (in tages accruing to a larger class. time.

missionary Seventy), of thethe case Bishops officers and should quorum QUESTIONS ANSWERED for the needy,support, help notice ruling, contributake of this which is very tions to the Church Security Program important in the development and Question: When a quorum memor for general quorum support. maintenance of quorum individuality. bership is all in one ward,

II is it expected that they will hold a separate meeting monthly and quorum PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEES are the authorPresidencies Quorum their meeting? apart weekly from IN A STAKE HIGH COUNCIL of all receiversized and custodians is Answer: quorum But a No.

quorum funds. 'T'he Pioneer Stake reports that it has liberty to hold such a monthly meetingat

All proposed expenditures, before * organized its High Council into if it desires to do so.

being made, should be presented to four standing committees, correspondQuestion: Why cannot we use more

the quorum for approval. ing to the four standing committees of of the high council on our committee

Withdrawals, properly authorized, all fully organized Melchizedek Priestthan you suggest?

should be made by checks signed by hood quorums, namely: Personal WelAnswer: You may if you choose.

the president and secretary of the fare, Class Instruction, Church Service, However, in every case there should quorum, or by the finance committee, and Miscellaneous. These Stake High be at least one Seventy and one Elder

if one has been appointed.

All funds collected for special purposes, and also the quorum allotment for the Security Program, may be disbursed as above.

Before quorum help is given missionaries or members in need, consultation should be had concerning each case with the bishop or ward security committee, to determine the worthiness of the case and to avoid duplication of effort.

Extraordinary or large disbursements, such as loans, investments, etc., should Im.f.z,

be made only after consultation with

PROJECT, HARVESTING STAKE. OF SECURITY THE CREW CHURCH REXBURG LYMAN THE WARD Special stake presidency. carethe

BISHOPRIC. MEN, TEAMS, SUPERVISION LABOR ALL TRUCKS, OF WAS UNDER THE OF THE to secure properly be takenshould DONATION. PICTURE"ARE FOLLOWING A VOLUNTARY MACHINERY IN THE WAS any ANDPROJECT THE MEN SHOWN

loans made by suitable collateral or Front row, left to right: Ambrose Mclntler, Ardiie Galbralth, N. M. Jensen, Reuben Clements, Nephi

reliable endorsement. foremostClements, inFrankfront.Woolsey,StandingMackbehindBowen,the LevonhorsesRoe,on theDeweyright:Arnold,WallaceHerbertClark,J. B.Galbreath,I. Hillman.Bishop N. Lesli Andrus

Before making any loan or investSecond row: On hood of truck, Lee Butler, Harvey Butler, Glen Johnson, truck driver; David Robison

ment or any appropriation of funds on cab, Ren Smith and LeRoy Bailey.

T H E I M P R O V M E N T E R A, M A R C H, 1 9 3 8

who will be the representatives of the stake committee in making visits to meetings of the Seventies and Elders.

ATTENDANCE AT FAST MEETING, A PRIESTHOOD ACTIVITY 21 TTENDANCE at Fast Meeting, as ex- *'plained in earlier issues (see The

Improvement Era, December, 1937, page 768) is a recognized activity of the quorums of the Priesthood. Regular weekly ward group or quorum

meetings which are held on Sunday forenoon may be discontinued on Fast

Day and the members should instead attend the ward Fast Meeting. Ward

group or quorum secretaries should keep a record of those in attendance at the Fast Meeting and give proper credit on the roll books.

PRIESTHOODSECURITY MESSAGES TO BE REFERRED TO pACH issue of The Improvement Era *"'now carries current instructions to the Priesthood and to the Church in general on the Church Security Program. This month's message, appearing on pages 175176, is a highly seasonable message directed primarily to

farmers and tnose who live in rural communities. Stake and Ward Priesthood officers and members and quorums and quorum leaders are requested

to refer each month to these Security instructions and make them a part of N. C J. C. New Senk*

quorum business and quorum activity. BUILDING TASKS AHEAD FOR 1938

WHAT THE PEOPLE PAY (\ PAGE 106 of the February number over the state is not exactly known ures are we should not give up, but face - of the Era may be found the but is estimated to be between 90c and the situation with courage and deteramount paid for hard liquor in Utah $1.00 a gallon or $30.00 a barrel. Hence mination. It is our job to organize and

during last year. This totaled $4,047,- there was paid for the 150,000 barrels carry on a campaign to win our people

832.89. But this tells only part of the the sum of $4,500,000.00. away from the use of liquor and

story. From the Utah State Tax ComWhen the figures for hard liquor, tobacco. Truth, love, and persuasion

mission office we get figures indicating beer and cigarettes are added we get: are the tools that tactfully, energeticthe amount paid in Utah during 1937 Hard liquor $ 4,047,832.89 ally, and persistently used will enablefor cigarettes and beer. From that Beer 4,500,000.00 us to reach the objective. We are

office we obtain the following: Cigarettes 2,687,604.30 faced with a challenge. Is there any

Priesthood quorum that will not accept

Sales of Cigarettes: Total $11,235,433.19 it? Brethren, get busy.

1. Total face value of stamps sold Undoubtedly the Utah situation is

$358,347.23. Yes, during 1937 the small state of no worse than that in other states

2. As the tax is at the rate of 2c a Utah, with a total population of a little where our people live. The liquorpackage of 20 cigarettes, the stamps more than onehalf million, paid more tobacco evil must be eliminated from

sold would represent 17,917,362 packmillions than eleven a quarter and of the of our people. are homes Weages. dollars cigarettes. for liquor These and starting that will a campaign be very

3. At an average selling price of 15c figures do not include those paid for difficult and longdrawn out. But vicper package, sales would be computed cigars and other forms of tobacco and tory will perch upon the banners of

to be $2,687,604.30. for bootleg liquors. our hosts if we are united and work

is Utah a Mormon will. All majorwith a the Priesthood quostate—the:Sales of Beer ity of are people members. Church auxiliaries all the and are urged rums

of 1. Sales stamps for the year 1937 of proscribes The Wisdom Wordits in carrying to cooperate forward

—$125,622.37. drinking and smoking. These are facts campaign. All the general Boards andthe

2. The tax is levied at the rate of 80c known to all. Are we not shocked the Church magazines will assist. The

a barrel of 31 gallons. Hence the stamp when we see the above figures? Can immediate call is for all the quorums of

sales represent 157,028 barrels. There Utah afford them? If these amounts the Priesthood to plan and organize and

were, however, some refunds which were spent for the good of the people begin the campaign. Let us repeat that

should be deducted from the collections who can measure the results? The usewisdom, tact, and energy should charand the office estimates that 150,000 less liquor and tobacco load is much acterize this work.

barrels were sold. greater than the necessary relief load. {Melchizedek Instructions continued on

3. The retail selling price of beer Well, brethren, shocking as the figpage 170)

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1938

Melchizedek Priesthood shouldThe bestakerepresentedPriesthoodon the committeeStake SecooperationCommittees. with the Security Program

{Continued from page 169) curity Committee and each quorum of Questions and suggestions are inTHE STAKE MELCHIZEDEK SecurityMelchizedekCommittee.PriesthoodIn ontheirthesecurityWard vitedmittees.fromRepliesthe stakewill bePriesthoodmade by lettercomPRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE program activities all quorums of or through the issues of the ImproveWhat Is It and How Does Priesthood should act in harmony and ment Era.

It Function?

A CONSIDERABLE number of stakes 'returning the questionnaire relaMELCHIZEDEK OUTLINE OF STUDY FOR APRIL tive to the organization and functioning of the stake Melchizedek PriestText: The Word of Wisdom—A Modern Interpretation, by John A.

hood committee, ask questions concernWidtsoe and Leah D. Widtsoe.

ing these matters. The following is a

brief reply to most of the questions asked: LESSON IX Questions, Problems, Projects.

the teacher: Encourage class memTo Please that the be advised comnew

to the dictionary, Tobacco bers use encyclopedia,mittee should supercede the old or school, reference material in or town, of Chapter any Part 6) Councilformer committee. High Of (First libraries. references outside more home The L Historical.course, the of the former High members for the better, discussion material used and beings. 1. Smoking human byCouncil committee appointed be may the the general response the more from purpose. 2. and Beginnings

on the new stake committee, the chair- 3. Composition of the weed. class the more interesting will be the lesson.

man of which in every case should be 4. Custom spreads to Europe. Special assignments may be given a week

a member of the stake presidency; 5. Opposition of leaders of the day. or so in advance; but the lesson as a whole

which one is a matter to be determined 6. Jean Nicot and the use of his name. should be studied by the entire group so

participation general. therein that be may itself. in stake the presidency But last century.by of in S. A. U. II. Use 1 the of history report tobacco Give a on indulgence. ofaddition, tobacco every stake should committee Forms usage.

concerning 2. anxiety Prophet's 1. The or Seventies or onehave one more and is 2. the of composition tobacco What the custom. Elders, the depending onmore number is it harmful? and why his concern. of 3. Resultsof fully nicotine, of 3. alkaloid, and groups the Seventy Describe quorums and investiga- 4. of tobacco Beginnings

tell it the acquired name. and how inof stake. the Elders tion.

4. report Dr. F. book. a Pack's Give on J. its will stake committee make The III. the in World. Modern Use deand Efficiency, and Tobacco Human withcontacts groups of and quorums 1. today. of use Forms his interesting scribe regarding dataSeventy through the members of the 2. Present users of tobacco—by both bacco and its effects on college students.tocommittee who hold the Priesthood of sexes. 5. What is the response of the heart,

a Seventy or through the chairman of 3. Impetus of the World War. lungs, digestion, nervous system to tobacco?

the stake committee. These members 4. Effects of modern advertising. 6. What effect does tobacco have on the

of the stake committee represent the IV. Financial Aspects. mental powers? Report on Dr. O'Shea's

findings regarding school high 1. tobacco and Figures show increase.First the Council of Stake Seventy and

text, efficiency in the o/ as found States. in United Consumption Word in the supervisingPresidency work bill. States of 3.2. tobacco Wisdom? United

the groups and quorums of Seventy in 4. World consumption. 7. Find what the average smoker of your

the stake. 5. Comparisons with national debt. acquaintance spends for tobacco and comElders quorums should also be repre- 6. Better usages for money so spent. pute what that amount of money would

sented on the stake committee as a V. World Committee for Tobacco Study. purchase per year if spent for something

means of increasing quorum conscious- 1. All phases of subject studied. useful. Why spend money for that which

efficiency? tears mental bodily and down 2. sought. responses Unbiasedness.

to bring a child up would you 8. How for Reports human welfare.

filthy "the that or her feel weed"him Tobacco make Dr. SchrumpfPurrons'Relationship to the 4.3.

should be avoided, no matter how many efficiency. and physical AuthoritiesGeneral use it?

Body. on Human committee is to be reVI. Effects The stake

all toin 1. poison deadly Nicotine, a LESSON X tosponsible stake presidency the which

products. bacco (Continued) Tobacco isin responsible turn to to the be Gensnuff, cigars, 2. in cigarettes, Content Effects of Social Tobacco. I. Moral anderal for functioning Authorities the of tobacco. pipe is 1. habitforming, drug hence Theall the Priesthood quorMelchizedek in nicotine 3. to responses any Body user. will the the of weakens in stake. the form.ums 2. to slave appetite a any become To

in 4. substances and tobacco is Other the analogy stake auxway An is unsound.

effects the their body. oniliary function. boards CounThe now selfish fouls 3. as User becomes he

first 5. attempts. of Resultscil is of air the Board, the of the General nonuser. Twelve

is itself 6. but adapts harm Body life 4. habits engendered. Carelessassisted First the Council of Sevby cumulative. 5. other toward moral Tendency allenty, of the Priesthood Melchizedek 7. person. the immature Influence on for especially youth. weakness, this In stake ofquorums. ormatter

6. selfnarcoti- Selfindulgence Effects. and Physiological VII. Other and Later the supervisionganization Council and

is noble. zation not 1. Effects heart and circulatory on in Councilof are enand First Twelve system. poison. a racial II. Astire agreement. tract. 2. of respiratory Response 1. age tends from youth toward Use

l is will permit, conditions Where 3. disturbance. Digestive offspring. toward weakened

desired that the stake committee hold 4. Effect on eyes, skin and other 2. Harmful effects on girls and

a monthly union meeting with the offiorgans. women especially evident.

cers of the quorums, again taking a hint 5. The nervous system injured. 3. Women's nervous organization

from the auxiliaries. In addition, each 6. As a racial poison. naturally sensitive.

group and quorum meeting should have VIII. Mental Response. 4. Nicotine in the system of the

the sure to affect mother unborn 1. vs. of nonsmokers Comparisons visit or committeea one from more

child. nursing or smokers. quarter. least af a oncemembers Where tends 5. Overindulgence toward schools. in high Results is all ina membership quorum lessened in reproductive power one 3.2. of college accomplishments Mental

is it wi'J that not expectedward, they sexes. both students.

hold a monthly quorum meeting sep- 4. Dr. F. J. Pack's studies in Utah. III. Tobacco and the Creative Gift.

arate and apart from their weekly 5. Dr. Oaks'contribution. 1. World's greatest achievements of

meeting. 6. Concensus of opinion. the past by nonusers of tobacco.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1938 2. Men succeed in spite of, not beANNUAL REPORT OF THE L. D. S. STAKE MISSIONS

cause of tobacco.

to the Seventy Council of the Twelve Apostles The in a healthy 3. body Made by The First Council of mind A keen 1937 the Year of For success. of greatest chance has

users of tobacco might 4. Lifelong

live accomplish and longer more Missionary Activities had they not the tobacco habit. 1. Evenings or part days spent in missionary work 59,900

5. A will free of bondage is man's 2. Hours spent in missionary work 136,939

greatest asset. 3. Number of calls made while tracting 115,606

IV. Personal Opinions. 4. Number of first invitations in while tracting 41,113

1. Excuses for the habit. 5. Number of revisits 33,270

2. Indulgence produces a feeling of 6. Number of Gospel conversations 108,340

well being. (So does opium or 7. Number of standard Church works distributed 3,770

alcohol. 8. Number of other books distributed 4,548

3. bacco—merelyThe tired bodynarcotized.not rested by to10.9. NimiberNumber ofof tractsBooksandof Mormonpamphletssolddistributed 147,5651,685

4. Eminent men praise and oppose 11. Number of hall meetings held 2,374

its use, according to their use or 12. Number of cottage meetings held 6,247

nonuse. 13. Number of cottage and hall meetings attended 25,267

5. All agree as to harmful effects on 14. Number of investigators present at cottage and hall meetings 24,542

youth. 15. Number of baptisms as a result of missionary work 1,224

6. Employers in most large institu16. Number of inactive members of the Church brought into activity through stake

tionstobacco—forprefer thoseobviouswhoreasons.do not use missionary service during the month 2,756

7. Opinions of great men against its Additional Information

use.

V. Cure of the Habit. Number of stakes in the Church 118

1. The wellnourished body has no Number of stake missions organized 116

unnatural cravings.

2. Prevention is better than cure. Missionaries Actively Engaged (As of December 31, 1937)

is essential. 3. to Quit"Will "The 105 Reporting Stakes of No. suc- 4. not measures "Halfand-Half"

- 380 of Districts Number cessful. 270 Elders 5. habit. the for rules Six conquering

- Seventies is 6. Godlike. Selfmastery 267 Priests—1,210 High

to Consider. Factors VI. Other used as a poison Women - 283 be 1. Tobacco may

and disinfectant. Total 2,030

2. Use of a mild narcotic often tends

to the use of deadly ones: morSpecial Items of Interest

phine, opium, and the degrading marijuana. One hundred sixtyfive interviews were held in the office of the First Council with

3. Methods of unscrupulous people stake presidents and stake mission presidents during the year of 1937.

in inducing youth to use these deTwo hundred six visits in connection with stake missionary work were made by structive weeds. members of the First Council to stakes and quorums during the year of 1937.

4. Prevention and protection against The First Council of the Seventy,

their inroads. By RULON S. WELLS.

VII. The Inspiration of the Prophet.

1. General conclusion of tobacco MONTHLY REPORT OF THE L. D. S. STAKE MISSIONS evil.

2. Modern Israel foretold and foreMade by The First Council of the Seventy to The Council of the Twelve Apostles

warned. For the Month of December, 1937

Questions, Problems, Projects Missionary Activities 1. How do you feel when entering a Dec. Nov.

home when the furniture and draperies and 1. Evenings or part days spent in missionary work. 5,981 6,041

the air itself seems to be saturated with 2. Hours spent in missionary work 1 13,982 13,804

tobacco smoke? 3. Nimiber of calls made while tracting 12,474 10,642

2. How may the smell of a habitual 4. Number of first invitations in while tracting..... 4,311 3,350

smoker's breath give warning that the 5. Number of revisits 3,669 3,175

custom is unclean and undesirable? 6. Number of Gospel conversations 12,310 11,955

3. What may be said in favor of the use 7. Number of standard Church works distributed 341 233

of tobacco? 8. Number of other books distributed 532 627

4. How do the disadvantages outweigh 9. Number of tracts and pamphlets distributed 13,416 14,703

the advantages? 10. Number of Books of Mormon sold 229 161

5. What is the answer to this statement: 11. Number of hall meetings held 294 234

Some of the great contributions of the 12. Number of cottage meetings held 669 750

modern world were made by those who used 13. Number of cottage and hall meetings attended 2,919 2,738

tobacco. 14. Number of investigators present at cottage and hall meetings 2,427 2,573

6. Why is tobacco use especially harm15. Number of baptisms as a result of missionary work. 177 85

ful girls to and women? of inactive of brought into activity the Church members 16. Number

7. In what does the use of tobacco way service missionary through stake during 384 299 the month

blunt one's social and moral fibre?

8. Plan a campaign of cooperation beSpecial Items of Interest

tween parents and your school authorities to thwart the vendors of cigarettes and the Interviews were held in the office of the First Council with ten stake presidents and deadly marijuana. Give a report thereon. stake mission presidents during the month of December, 1937.

9. Give the rules for curing the tobacco Visits in connection with stake missionary work were made by members of the First

habit. Council to eighteen stakes during the month of December, 1937.

10. How may its use be prevented? The First Council of the Seventy,

parents and the community may 11. How By RULON S. WELLS.

evils the of the clever combat and often untruthful advertising of the tobacco peo- "I asked one of the bishops of a larger ward if he could see any results of missionple? ary work. He answered that something had happened, because last Sunday they couldn't

Note: Lesson XI for April will appear get all of their people in the chapel. Several other bishops have told us of increasedin the April issue of the Era. attendance."—Warren E. Hanson, President of the Bear River Stake Mission.

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

STANDARD QUORUM recommendations of the Presiding Bishopfully planned in advance and should

AWARDS FOR 1937 ric for 1938, as outlined herein. be definite Aaronic Priesthood projects;

TPhe following quorums have been apof 2.socialSet andup andfraternalfollowactivitiesa yearlyin programaccordnectionconductedwithseparatelyany otherandgroup.not in conproved with the for the standard quorum ance recommendations,

for should be allowed One full week for 1937:award

an 3. Have average attendance record the preparation after the of the awards,

Qaocum Ward Stake of during year. the or more 60% is in information received the PresidBalboa Francisco San

It is Office. 4. Bishop's recommended fill asing or more members 2. Have 10th I. TeachersDeacons* Logan 75% Cache

3. Manilla Deacons Timpanogos the signments year. during at that the stake be a awards made

4. Leavitt Deacons* Alberta

that publicgathering as in order much 5. Leavitt Teachers* Alberta 5. or observmore members Have 75%

6. 1st Deacons* 1st Taylor Raymond ity possible as given that be and may the ing of the as shown by Wisdom Word 7. 1st Deacons* 2nd Taylor Raymond

possible recognition every granted be the report of 8. of the annual 1st Teachers Bishop Taylor Raymond Ward

9. Priests 1st Taylor Raymond to 1938. as of 31, quorums reaching the standards preDecember

1st* Deacons Taylor 2nd Raymond scribed. Taylor 2nd Raymond Deacons 2nd* n.10. 6. the or of members more Have 75%

12. Teachers* 2nd Raymond Taylor

tiththe during earn year money pay 13. Welling Taylor who Deacons

McGrath Taylor report of 2nd 1st Deacons as shiown the annual on mg, H. the MILLCREEK QUORUMS 15. McGrath 2nd 2nd Taylor Deacons of the Bishop 31, as of December Ward 16. Teachers McGrath Taylor 2nd EXCEL IN ACTIVITIES 1938. Stirling 17. Taylor Deacons

18. Elysian Deacons Pasadena particior more members 7. Have 50% 19. Teachers Burbank Pasadena

service pate or more in two quorum 20. Priests Belvedere Los Angeles pro- /UTSTANDiNGported by theaccomplishmentAaronic Priesthoodis re21. Los Belvedere Angeles Deacons 1st* jects.

22. Los Belvedere Deacons 2nd* Angeles in Millcreek of the Cottonwood Ward

23. 3rd* Belvedere Los Deacons Stake. recent meetSacrament At a24. Priests* Angeles Huntington Park Los Angeles The procedure desired to be followLos Huntington25. Deacons* Park Angeles prethirty-two young were men that ing the Presiding Bishopric is ed by Los Manchester Angeles26. Priests of the sented Testawith copies New the 27. Stake Los Manchester Angeles Aaronic Priesthood Deacons 1st ComManchester Angeles28. Los Deacons 2nd in containers ment, neatly and bound inspect of the records should

29. Priests* Los Angeles mittee Vermont

recarrying of the persons the names in Vermont as 30. Los Angeles soon as Teachers* each quorum the ward

31. Los Angeles Vermont Deacons* ceiving them. was The presentation after the first possible of each January Park Los Walnut Angeles32. Teachers* the bishopric and ward superby made Angeles33. South Gate the Priests* Los standards year, and have where

South Los Angeles Gate34. Teachers* in recognition of excellent work figures reached, the supply been and visors South 35. Angeles Gate Los Deacons*

the past year. during Whittier Los Angeles36. Priests to the Presiding information complete

Los Whittier Angeles37. Teachers

Whittier Los38. Deacons* Angeles Bishop's Office, with the recommendaTwo of the outstanding projects

Angeles Los Matthews39. Teachers tion that the made. award be cultivation the of harvesting were and Angeles Matthews Los40. Deacons

It sufficient is not Angeles a request41. three acres beets, Matthews Los of sugar to make and a speDeacons 2nd1st

Francisco San42. Priests San Francisco for the award by stating only that the cial campaign to increase Fast OfferFrancisco San Francisco San43. Teachers

44. Deacons San Francisco San Francisco quorum is entitled to it. The actual ings. The sugar beet project yielded

Alberta Woolford45. Teachers Alberta figures taken from the quorum records over $150.00, which was contributed ford46. Deacons 1st* Wool

Alberta sent Aetna47. are to be with pipe the Deacons of purchase the recommendatoward a new

Alberta 48. 1st Hartley Deacons tion the of stake committee. the Offering Fast organ for ward. The49. Tooele South Tooele 1st Deacons

50. Deacons 2nd Tooele South Tooele The following suggestions may be project has resulted in a little more

Pella51. Teachers Burley helpful than a year in more than doubling the Pella Burley 52. Deacons

10th Cache 53. Logan Deacons In received. project the the amount activities, All including quorum Cache 10th54. Priests Logan districts into divided 32 and was soward cial fraternal events, should held be and

years. consecutive indicates *Star two assigned to each. Pracone member separately or quorum by two by each

district tically reported every one hunor but in connection not quorums, moreSPECIAL INFORMATION ON entire for year, the percent with dred group. other should with These anySTANDARD QUORUM substantial that increase the the result strictly events, Priesthood be conductedAWARDS by Priesthood leaders as such. To noted above was obtained.

T ETTERSing Bishopricbeing receivedindicateby thea lackPresidof havesocialsPriesthoodand othermembersactivitiesparticipateof auxiliaryin lister,A. M.and Cornwall,Royal C. DelosBrownR. areMcAlthe

information regarding the requireassociation groups does not comply bishopric. George Park is chairman

ments for the Standard Quorum with the recommendations or requireof the Ward Aaronic Priesthood comAward. These standards, which are ments for the Standard Quorum Award. mittee, and Fred Fowler is quorum suset forth in all Aaronic Priesthood lesThe quorum projects should be carepervisor.

son manuals, include the following:

The Standard Quorum Award is a recogAARONIC PRIESTHOOD OF MILLCREEK WARD nition by the Presiding Bishopric of the

Church to every quorum that reaches the standards prescribed. The award consists

of an appropriate certificate, suitable for framing and preserving permanently, to be presented to the quorum upon a suitable occasion by stake officers representing the

Presiding Bishopric.

A standard quorum is one where the following standards have been met:

(All figures are based on members of the quorum over 12 and under 20.)

1. Set up and follow a yearly quorum

meeting program in accordance with the U2

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1938

PELLA WARD QUORUMS these projects and in other minor acAverage Number Members, Filling

REACH STANDARD tivities along the same line. These are Assignments 94

the first quorums of Burley Stake to No. Members Inactive in any

'T'o ASSIST them in achieving the receive the Standard Quorum Award. Church Organization 4

'- Standard Quorum Award for 1937, In a letter to the Presiding Bishopric outstanding projects in connection with HAWTHORNE WARD MAKES Bishop Curtis gives the following rethe Church Security Program, were EXCELLENT PRIESTHOOD port:

inparticipated the Deacons and by RECORD

I givconversation recent per our am As in Pella ofTeachers Quorums Ward Priestof ing record the our Aaronic below of Stake Granite "LJawthorne Ward Stake.Burley

* the inclusive, year for 12 to 19 hood, unusual demonstrated * has again inproject Teachers'Quorum The of Aaronic 1937. 6 have quorums Weyears eflSciency in the conduct of Aaronic irrigating in the specialcluded work this every in group, Priesthood and boy

activities, as indicated Priesthood by in for caring grove, of thetrees and enrolled. in the these ages between ward

four acres of beans on the Ward the report of Bishop Fred E. Curtis We attribute having only 4 members inChurch Security Project. and his counselors, S. Rinley and active in this group to a close followup

The Deacons'Projects were caring Ernest Blakemore, to the Presiding each Sunday morning of those not in atfor two acres of beets and six acres of Bishopric. With a total of 100 memtendance. We never let a boy miss 2 Sunis fellow contacted, before a he days by bers the of Priesthood Aaronic frombeans. the Deacons member of Every

if to he is unable have member, quorum inclusive, age, 12 to 19 of years only in participatedand Teachers Quorums is his supercontacted attend, the he by boy participated four not have in some if contacted unsuccessful, visor, he is he activity year. during the past Church find bishopric. of the member by a isWe The record made by the 96 active is easier to keep a boy by not letting himit

members is one of the most satisfactory become inactive.

yet Bishopric. to the Presiding reported

total of assignments 6,723 was NO MONTHLY AARONIC A filled during the year, with a total of PRIESTHOOD QUORUM 7,224 assignments made. The average MEETING

number of assignments filled by each of Tnquiries made at the office of the the 96 active members was 69. This Presiding Bishopric indicate that the

given to Melchizedek the instructions compares with quota for a Church j, "", "officers, in connecPriesthood quorum year 1938 of 26 per member. The

meeting of with a regular monthly details of the reports are as follows tion mrmisunderstood each have been quorum leaders. Priesthood Aaronic some by Aaronic Average Priesthood memfact Priesthood that Aaronic QuoThe bers 12 to 19 inc 100

in and are each complete do rums ward

Average Attendance for 12 Months 89 not include sections or groups in two

Average Attendance for 12 Months or more wards, makes a monthly meet- (percent) 89% ing unnecessary.

all for Aaronic provided The plan Assignments Made During 1937 7,224 is are they that Priesthood Quorums

Assignments Filled During 1937 6,723 to have a regular weekly meeting each

Average Assignments per Member week during the year, with no necesFilled. 67 sity for a special monthly meeting.

THE WORD OF WISDOM REVIEW

A Monthly Presentation of Pertinent Information Regarding the

Lord's Law of Health

Tn the Reader's Digest for February and from diseases of the kidneys and the nervous system was less than half that of the of value 'the of Wisdom Word countries. the foreign than less is an authority stressed no by

is live,"to place a healthful Utah "Now, of UniYale Fisher Irving Professor into the Fisher, Professor I looked "so article by said from versity. an excerpt An to that rate death as compared of Mormons reads that publication in Giles Ray It state. in of the same nonMormons was

"Any person can do for his health vastly 70 percent lower!

more than he now realizes,"says Pro- I think I know the reason. Joseph Smith,

fessor Fisher, "For example, by eating founder of the religion, wrote a book.

more fruits, vegetables, and milk you may Words of Wisdom, in which he laid down well add several years to your life. Daily rules for his followers. They included: no

exercise, calisthenics, or outdoor life may alcoholics, tea, coffee, or tobacco. He urged

in the advised but moderation use of meat betEither more. years several easily add

Left Deacons Top: to Right: Brown, W. fruit. of vegetables There abundance an and elimination, might better or ter breathing, Merrill Tarrier, Brown, Judd, Glen Ross C. Wyman

efthe of dem.onstration have a mass you life two. you Thus year or Walker, Junius Bodily, a Glen Jack Judd, Duke, your prolong

that living, Gordon fect I understand of simple and your increase to not only begin today Walker, Grant Dunford. Pella Ward, can

Burley Stake. is notable the group for the numMormon or eight seven Hfe present expectancy by

Center: At right standing in door, Teacher LeRoy years, but to gain greater vitality and ber of vigorous old people within it."

in left door. standing Waters, Teacher at Gale energy. Simply by living as you know

Bodily. Steel Freer, Lewis row: Front Coltrin, While the 70% lower death rate you should!"RIchins; above, Dale Knight, Grant Brown, Jay

Joseph Holmes, and Keith Peterson. Recently, Professor Fisher saw some stadoes not appear to be borne out by

Bottom: Pella Deacons'Quorum hoeing their tistics comparing the Mormon death rate figures compiled by. Church departit is sufficiently to reprelower ments, of the Church's beets 0. part Peterson's James on countries. foreign The that of six with

right: Left farm. Junius Duke, to Ross Judd, in difference favor substantial of sent a to the Latfavorable surprisingly table was Merrill Brown, Supervisor C. Brown, Glen W.

mortality cancer Saints. Their from S, groups. L. Terrier, D. terday and Glenn Judd.

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

TO ALL ACTING WARD TEACHER'S MESSAGE, APRIL, 1938WARD TEACHERS THE RESTORATION OF THE PRIESTHOOD/Consideration of the most desirhis seed, throughalso the a priesthood Lord confirmed and Aaron upon "And of able method Ward Teachtheir continueth abideth forever also generations, priesthood which and definitelying has us brought is after the of priesthood God. order to the outwith all the holiest which

conclusion that each teacher, or pair "And this greater priesthood administereth the gospel and holdeth the key of of teachers, with the printed monththe mysteries of the kingdom, even the key of the knowledge of God.

ly message as a guide, should pre- "Therefore, in the ordinances thereof, the power of godliness is manifest.

authority thereof, the and ordinances without the "And subject of a presentationpare the in the of godliness is 'not manifest power unto men flesh.'"—D.of &theC.priesthood,84:1821. theindicated, that message and carry

into each home, discussing it with /UTSTANDING among the many events of farreaching importance in the the members in the home, and add- - history of the Church is the restoration to the earth, in 1829, of the ing such individual exhortations or Holy Priesthood. Withdrawn because of abuses and misuse, the power

subjects as may seem desirable. and authority required to conduct the affairs of the Church of Jesus Christ

The Lord has decreed that His on the earth, was restored as a necessary step in the reestablishment of people shall be brought to a unity the Church in the last days.

of the faith, has restored the PriestThe 109th anniversary of the Restoration of the Priesthood, which hood and given many instructions as occurs in May, should become the occasion for serious contemplation of the to the exercise of that Priesthood; responsibility the Priesthood places upon the Church as a whole and upon

among others that those holding it each individual who bears it.

"shall preach, teach, expound, exHolding religious power and authority, which every member holding hort, and visit the house of each the Priesthood does within his office and calling, implies worthiness, remember exhorting them to pray sponsibility, dependability, and willingness to serve in the work of the Lord.

It also implies obligation the a desire given to and keep commandments in secret,vocally attend and and

It direct the to happithe Priesthood. those guide should be who

.. duties,to all family

it families to all to their. and throughness them. hold share with it and who who

strengthen there see that them and responsibilities family the of the Priesthood with Discuss each and neither in theis no iniquity Church, the the parents holding the Priesthood encourage to perform and sons harshness with each other, neither active service therein.

lying, backbiting, evil speaking; nor this subject discuss are requested to important Teachers Note—Ward that theand see Church visits their during meet toin the April to encourage Saints on and homes of the

gether often and also see that all every member holding the Priesthood to magnify it to the best of his ability.the members do their duty."—DocFamilies of such members should also be encouraged to join in honoring and

trine and Covenants, Sec. 20. sustaining their husbands, brothers, fathers, and others who enjoy this

Again the Lord says, "And I give precious and sacred gift. This anniversary should be made the occasion

unto you a commandment, that you for special consideration of the blessings, privileges, and opportunities as shall teach one another the doctrine well as the obligations of the Priesthood. Sections 20 and 107 of the D. & C.

of the kingdom; teach ye diligently are recommended for study by teachers in preparation for visits.

and my grace shall attend you, that you may be instructed more perfectly him. Lord, thou knowest all things; meet the requirements. If that were

in theory, in principle, in doctrine, in thou knowest that I love thee. Jesus the main purpose, the message could

the law of the Gospel, in all things saith unto him. Feed my sheep."be left at each home by boys.

that pertain unto the Kingdom of To aid teachers in this work, uniWe, therefore, urge that this plan

results, bringing satisfactory very this office furnished without and and Coveinunderstand."—DoctrineGod that are expedient for you to form monthly messages are prepared which, judging from reports, is by all be adopted wards stakes andnants, 88:7778. to the wards. is a There charge

Is it not reasonable for us to supgrowing tendency to secure enough using the message as an aid to the pose that the test of our love for leaflets to provide one for each ward teachers only and not have distribution in the homes.the Lord will be the same as it was home,—the teachers leaving thewith Peter, as disclosed in the conmessage for the members to read. We believe that this will bring

versation found in John 21:1517: This plan deprives the teacher and far more satisfactory results and

"So when they had dined, Jesus the family of the development which that their teaching will reach a highsaith to Simon Peter, Simon, son comes to the teacher from the preper and more efficient standard.

of Jonas, lovest thou me more than aration of his presentation and the We are sending this recommenthese? He saith unto him. Yea, family of the benefits which will dation to you with the approval of

Lord; thou knowest that I love thee. come to them through a careful disthe First Presidency.

He saith unto him. Feed my lambs. cussion of this subject. In order to The Presiding Bishopric.

He saith unto him again the second accomplish fully the purpose of time, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest teaching, as outlined in the comTHE WORK OF THE TEACHER thou me? He saith unto him. Yea, mandments, there should be actual (Continued from the February Era)

First Steps. Teacher's I been HavingLord; knov/est thou that the love part of the thee. preparation teachon THE

this called to the important bishop by saith him. ers, presentation unto careful sheep. then Feed andHe my

disassigned work, given companion, a a saith unto subject. the the third of time, discussion himHe Merely trict, supplied the adwith names, and

lovest thou me? And he said unto to leave printed messages does not [Continued on page 185)

. )

GENERAL CHURCH SECURITY COMMITTEE ADVISERS

GRANT, HEBER Chairman D. MOYLE, HENRY

JR.. CLARK. I. REUBENI. OFFICES GENERAL L. ViceChairman JUDD, ROBERT O. McKAY, DAVID

B. LEE, Managing HAROLD First Presidency. PACIFIC BUILDING UNION Director THIRD FLOOR,

MARVIN O. ASHTON MELVIN J. BALLARD,

A. WIDTSOE, SALT LAKE CITY JOHN AUSTIN MARK

E. ALBERT BOWEN, M. CAMPBELL BROWN Council

E. RYBERG WM. Q. SYLVESTER ofCANNON.the Twelve.

A. STRINGAM STEVENS A. SMITH, DAVID Jf

J. FRANK WARD JOHN WELLS,Presiding Bishopric.

A SEASONAL WORD TO ed on infertile soils, and on soils that with large consumers has usually been

FARMERS are not properly handled. helpful. The cooperation of the farm

'T'he SEASON for plowing and planting 3. Intensive Crops must be andbeets,theorfactory,crops asforincanningthe casefactories,of sugar

is approaching. The following sugProduced Under Irrigation has been shown to be of foremost value.

gestions are made for the benefit of our The kind of crop is likewise a deterSuccess in cooperative marketing alrethren and sisters who live on farms. mining factor in farm prosperity. On ways requires high quality standardized

Though farm conditions have seemed the irrigated farm there is represented a products.

adverse in recent years, yet, they will large investment in irrigation structures, In recent years, devices have been not always remain so, and if the farmer and a constant expenditure for operaperfected that relieve the farmer from will use the accumulated knowledge tion and maintenance is required, the necessity of disposing of perishabk concerning farming, he may in a large therefore, the socalled intensive crops crops at once at whatever prices may measure overcome the socalled handimust be grown, that is, crops having a then prevail. For example: milk, a

caps to farming. The fact remains that relatively high acre value. Such crops perishable product, is made into butter

farming, in the hands of an industrious, are sugar beets, fruits, large and small, and cheese, or into dried milk, to be intelligent, and thrifty family is a good peas, beans, and all manner of market sold at the will of the dairyman, or, business and a splendid mode of living. truck. Dairying is intensive agriculture. fruits and vegetables may be preserved

Always keep in touch with the State Indeed, in the majority of situations without the breaking or cell walls by

Agricultural College, the county agent, under the irrigation ditch in the interrecently perfected systems of refrigerand other agricultural leaders. mountain west, a system of diversified ation, until such time as the market

1 Importance of Acre Income livestock farming along with crop farmjustifies selling.

returns. greatest will yield the ing Men actively concern should Farmers is great of the farmer to need The their in to cash on land the are on possibilities. marketing with themselves secure large to acreincome an enough creates farming livestock labor, and to the trader allow often, farmers Too for his investproperly compensate him throughof labor profitable days more loss usually a with for but this him, do labor. ment and straight crop the than does year out is the Cooperation income. possible of acre depends income upon The ( 1 the increases farming. system a Such in marketing. success to key undoubted fertility the productive of and power definitely of more sources income and

soil, of kind crop the the grown, (2) 5. of Increase the Amount in return the profitable long assures a

the price obtained. market and (3) Living Farm the from Family run.

2. Soil Fertility can be On farms of sufficient size, not more Farmers generally should lay more

Maintained and Increased than about onefifth of the acreage stress on feeding the family from the

The fertility or productive power of should be planted to one crop. That farm. Food grown on the farm is nearly

the soil determines the acre yield. With is, the farmer's eggs should not be all always more wholesome than stored or

the same labor, seed, and soil treatment, "in one basket."By such a precaution, manufactured materials. This may be

a fertile soil will yield more than an inthe farmer is fairly certain over a five accomplished by planning early and fertile one, and will increase the or ten year period, despite market fluccarefully for a balanced production to farmer's profits correspondingly. tuations, to come out ahead. comply with modern dietary standards.

The best method of maintaining and Intensive crops require more labor, "The properly planned kitchen garden increasing soil fertility is to practice and in that way, they meet the present will increase the farmers'incomes and rotation of crops. The farming of a need for jobs for the unemployed. help preserve the health of the farmers'

root or tuber crop like sugar beets or The future of an agricultural comfamilies.

potatoes requires frequent cultivation, munity depends largely upon the energy Even on the small specialized farms which sets free potassium, phosphorus with which it sets about to plant a sufit is well to produce a small flock of and other necessary plant foods. Alficient acreage of an intensive crop, heavy chickens, one brood sow, a milk

falfa, clover, peas or beans will help decided upon by the agricultural leadcow, and a well balanced family supply the necessary nitrogen. A three ers, and to make suitable offerings to garden.

market. should Advantage soil the rotation will four year the or keep FROM SUGGESTION WISE be A soil, conditions existing of of taken fertile in will condition, and good AUSTIN OF THE MARK altitude, climate. and largely question. eliminate the weed COMMITTEE GENERAL restake ward, quorum, and Every contains Barnyard manure, which

plant foods taken from the soil, should gion, should consider at once the posnpHE plan we have followed for the be carefully conserved and returned to sible intensive crops adapted to the * last thirty to forty years with beet the soil. In some cases, especially region, and proceed to develop such growers for the rotation of crops and

where rotation is not possible, as in crops on a profitable scale. increased production is about as folorchards, commercial fertilizers must 4. Marketing Must Be Done lows:

be used. The use of commercial ferProperly A 40acre farm, for example, may be

tilizers is based upon the theory that Up to the present, no satisfactory made to grow, annually various crops the increased crop income from their control of market prices has been in this way: 15 acres of mature alfalfa;

use is greater than their cost. found. Cooperative marketing has of- 5 acres of potatoes, or any other late

Farm prosperity need not be expectten been profitable. Dealing directly {Concluded on page 176)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1938

Church Security How It's Done In grownChurch untilhave nowa keennonmembersinterest in it,of andthe (Concluded 175) from page look to the forward annual and Green planted cultivated crop; acres of New Zea and 10 Ball. these of Gold splendid One

sugar beets; 5 acres of grain; and 5 [Concluded Irom page 156) gentlemen is Mr. Herbert Gaisford,

acres of pasture and farmstead. Rotate who has presented a beautiful loving

as follows: Plow under in May each After all expenses were deducted, cup to be contested for by the misyear 5 acres of mature alfalfa; on these onethird of the money was sent to the sion Mutuals in their singing, their

five acres plant potatoes or other late mission headquarters at Auckland, twohakas and pois, tennis, speeches, and planted cultivated crops for one year; thirds retained in the district to be used dances. The cup is now held by the

sugar beets for two years; grain with for prizes for the past and coming year. Tamaki Branch Mutual which I have

alfalfa for one year. Also when missionaries leave this disjust described.

This rotation (really of seven years'trict we give them a party and a pair Old and young take a keen interest duration) which builds up soil fertility of blankets, the famous New Zealand in the Mutual work which is going on and increases crop yields, has been wool blankets, from the Kaiapoi in our mission, and we find it a very found to be very profitable wherever Mills, mostly. splendid outlet for the study of the

the work has been done in the right The interest in our Mutual work, finer things of life, and an outlet for way, at the right time, on good land started many years ago, has steadily youthful exuberance.

with a sufficient water right.

In nonbeet growing sections they could use more suited to their conditions. cows, and other crops The Same Language antly:answer, Paul was saying, nonchalshould such have on The farmer a {Concluded from page 157) "I'm not a native either. We 40acre to seven farm five milk good here came two years ago from Utah three horses to andcows good do the The last waltz was almost over. health."mother's for my the work, which would consume hay

and grain and furnish sufficient manure "Gee!"said Priscilla. "This rePriscilla gasped, "From Utah did

to fertilize at least the five acres of beet minds me of way back home."And you say? Not from Salt Lake City?"

land planted the second year to beets. she sang the words softly in time "Why, yes, and we're Mormons,

The returns from such a rotation, dewith the vibrating tones of the too. Does that amuse you?"pending on seasons, yields and prices, saxophone—"When It's Springtime "Oh, Paul, stop. I am ashamed

should be on the average per year, In the Rockies."of my own feelings, and thrilled all

as follows:about Paul. answered "Home,"I in the "You breath. same know Now

5 cows isn't California $400.00 net mean your I different, home? you're liked why why (after family's deducting con- I thought native. I'll a were you By you. bet the had same we even sumption of milk and butter)

5 acres of potatoes 300.00 net chance, where do you come from?"Sunday School teacher, dear old

( after deducting cost of potato Priscilla wondered if it would Sister Jordan."

seed) spoil the evening told if she him she Paul was holding her hand all too acres of 10 sugar beets 750.00 net City, Salt Lake was from Utah. As tightly. (after deducting cost of seed

and artificial fertilizer) soon as one said Salt Lake, in this "You mean,"he asked in broken $1,450.00 California town which lay on the syllables, "you're from Salt Lake

Less farm taxes and far side of Monterey Bay, everyone City and a Mormon, too?"

maintenance 450.00 always asked if you were a Mormon, Priscilla nodded laughingly, Paul

Net return for farm and labor..$ 1,000.00 and acted as if Mormons were some was laughing too.

(in addition to family food inferior brand of mosquitoes. Never- "Gee,"he said, "you're the first

shelter. and farmers Many Priscilla theless, I've wasn't ashamed of one found in years. two You

fiad greater have much the fact, didn't but just tonight—she I believe know, speak the same we yields returns.) and larger

want it spoiled. Before she could language."I realize that there is a vast difference

in the soil, seasons, and especially the farmers. This human element is very \\

important, and while much has been Javelin Tosser"no good could ever come of being a javelin tosser."accomplished along these lines there (Continued from page 149) ignited in the depths of It is A glow improvement.still is room for

softrather eyes, "Sparrow's"singular that to only farmers, poor snap two from Quiller shook their The lands adjoining are out those quickly. iswhose "But Rufus Marcy in turn. who heads, thisare following outline excelwith still a cripple, Steve,"almost he

lent results, will go along for years and "We may need your help next groaned.

time,"smiled Steve, the sleekas in theyears old notwithway, same Steve's celebration to an came haired,standing once the nattilydressed they right have example youth end. abrupt stared. He

all time.before the father them to got go. up reluctant seemed He My right. And "Yes—I thefollowed outline closely above very settle to his this guess—you're debt way. don't toincidentfor fifty than years, more having intend—this more bacon While dropped was all?"help at he thebrought plans successwith as a him younight—doesn't into the for a second pan at attempt badly. stumbledful gardener farmer and old from

a meal for the hungry wayfarers, theEngland, fortune and I had good echoed hollowly started Steve celebrating.of farming for with him years many "I'll practise He across"Helps—yes,"the camp fire. danced toward a screen of spruce thisand I practice have followed..."

conditions against possible,where made it durboughs which leaned the some—now—maybe—but

ing the major part of my life and have javelin. To him, it seemed that There was no need to go further.

urged others to do likewise. Some everything had been ironed out. Steve understood. He had undertaken of those tasks, one hopelessfarmers not, have and some but have I "You'll have to change your song, of there all practice, in could no better farm to whichknow be but one

the western states in which I have now, old man,"he chirped happily, ending—failure.

operated or from my observations while "Sparrow"glanced up. But Steve was not the sort to

in Europe. (Signed) Mark Austin. "In case you've forgotten, you said [Concluded on page 184)

U6 CHURCH BOARD OF EDUCATION EDITING COMMITTEE

HEBER T. GRANT CHARLES A. CALLIS

J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS WILLIAM E. BERRETT

DAVID O. McKAY ARTHUR WINTER, Chairman.

RUDGER CLAWSON Secy, and Treas,

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH VERNON F. LARSEN,

STEPHEN RICHARD R,L. LYMANRICHARDS FRANKLIN CommissionerL. WEST of Education. EUGENE D. BRYSON

WIDTSOE JOHN A.

F. JOSEPH MERRILL M. LYNN BENNION, HARRISON R. MERRILL

ADAM S. BENNION Seminary Supervisor. T. EDGAR LYON

B. Y. U. Leadership Week Makes Vital Contribution to its Theme: 'The Security of Zion''

was one of the best of the Tuesday general assembly, using LeRoy J. Robertson's B. Y. U. symWHATthe 17 Leadership Weeks the theme of the week as their texts. phony orchestra was given. Friday

was held at Brigham Young The speakers were, in. the order of afternoon the play Tartaffe was reUniversity, January 24 to 28, presentation, Dr. George H. Hansen, peated because not all those who wish1938, inclusive. That the influence of Dean of the College of Arts and Scied to see it were able to get in at the

the week of adult education will be ences; Dr. Thomas L. Martin, Dean of Wednesday evening performance.

felt in all parts of the Church is indithe College of Applied Science; ProThe registrants of Leadership Week

cated by the fact that among the 3150 fessor Herald R. Clark, Dean of the were from a wide area of the Church

registrants were representatives of 93 College of Commerce; Dr. Gerrit de population. Some indication of the

stakes and seven missions. Jong, Jr., Dean of the College of Fine general feeling may be had from the

Instruction was given in 200 or more Arts; Dr. A. N. Merrill, Dean of the following quotation taken from a letclasses and general assemblies, in 35 College of Education. ter written by a man who came from

departments. This instruction was given On Friday the State Conference of Colorado to attend Leadership Week.

in many fields, ranging from scientific Social Work had charge of the genHe says:

demonstrations through the activities eral assembly program. Their speaker.. may I commend certain features

of the Aaronic Priesthood, Genealogwas Loren Hyde, Denver, member of that seemed particularly outstanding. In

ical Society, and Church auxiliaries. the western division of the social sethe first place, the continuity of thought

permitted continuing the study courses by curity board. Security committee Church wasThe

to rather than receiving from day a day entertainments evening proved The into given opportunity an present is lectures smattering from appremany to a high were be of standard. They its struction five in field in full class ciated; the secondly, of quality material

periods. on Monday a concert by Professor given by such leaders as Professor George The theme of the week—"The SeRobert Sauer and the B. Y. U. Con- H. Hansen, Dr, T. L. Martin, Professor

concert cert band; a Tuesday, by Wilson, C. Dr. in curity Lloyd, and Dr. of introduced Henthe Guy Zion"—was

Ladies'the derson Glee Club, Glee reproach. Men's leaders above was Such first the general assembly on Monday

lasting to contributions lives of the make followthe Chorus, Club, and Mixed Elder Melvinby member J. Ballard,

those fortunate to these contact enough in the reception a women's gymed by of the of the Council and one Twelve men. others of faculty There were your production nasium; dramatic a was in advisers, the of Security a Church I not which have mentioned which were in of the old given honor Wednesday stirring set speech tone which a high interesting. equally

for the entire week. Playhouse and of Sunday School SuLeadership Week could be carried on

Bishop Sylvester Q. Cannon, Presidperintendent George D. Pyper. The along much the same lines next year. There

ing Bishop of the Church, also used play was Tartuffe, by Moliere. Thursis but one suggestion—build an assembly

the week's theme in a comprehensive day evening a concert by Professor hall equal to the occasion.

sermon Thursday afternoon in which By all means do not detract from the variety of your program. features Such MOLIERE BY "TARTUFFE"OF CAST principles the which uponhe laid down agricultural as closely an section the touch securityhappiness estabbe and may in eveHall, Played College Wednesday lives of of in your people many a valuin ning, commemoraJanuary 26, 193S, lished. practical way. in able, Salt Theatre of Lake and the tion Old

President Heber J. Grant was unhonor of Sunday School Supt. George D.

last theatre manager of Pyper, and the;able to present bebe on Wednesday Plans for the Eighteenth Annual Theatre of troupers of Salt days the Lake

of caused his phyacause cold which Leadership convention us. still are to be with who Week

Bernice right: Walker, Left David to hisiSician to advise against attendnext year are already under way, Nlaj. held Loraine Whicker, Lyda Adams,

S.;ance. Consequently, Dr. F. a great of variety when Terry, Lafayette Harris, Jacobs,Kelly, Superintendent class work

guest D. Pyper, of honor; Katheryn George the ofPresident University, was the will offered again. be cooperation The

director; Pardoe, B. Ralph T. Ungermau, that day.speaker on of the authorities greatly Church was Earl head Pardoe, Departof Dramatic Art

Spencer, D. the five guest of honor; John colleges of deans of The appreciated the school. by AH of the Lake, Dale Graff, Ruth De offered Universitythe a symposium Harr; general participated boards splendidly. Odell. Ed. Clyde, Alys inji. I sitting:Boydment;

General Superintendency General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

I. A. Y. M. M.

Q. MORRIS GEORGE I. A. 50SALTNORTHLAKEMAINCITY,STREETUTAH LUCYY. GRANTW. M. CANNON

JOSEPH CANNON General Offices Y. K. J.FARNSWORTH W. M. I. A. VERNAHELEN W.S. WILLIAMSGODDARD BURTON 33 BISHOP'S BUILDING

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH CLARISSA A. BEESLEY,

Executive Secretary Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices Executive Secretary

and is the real secret of the strength of Junior Girls'Program Means to Me,"this Church. "What the Explorers'Program

Officers, leaders of these girls, we Means to Me."

urge to continue encourageyour you Girls'Chorus.

project. In loving of our kindSelection—Junior mentEVERY GLEANER, JUNIOR AND ness persuade your girls to become Special Presentation of M. I. A. Theme,

BEEHIVE GIRL A TITHEPAYER tithepayers and have their names writ1937-38

Tf this goal could be reached, what an ten in the records of the Church. Prepared by Linda S. Fletcher, President

achievement for our organization and Y. W. M. I. A. Board, Puget Soundwhat a happy situation for every LatCONJOINT PROGRAM FOR District, Northwestern States Mission

terday Saint girl! Then every girl SUNDAY EVENING, APRIL 3,

intense satisfaction the havewould FEATURING JUNIOR GIRLS ing,AsJanuarypresented16,at1938.District Leadership Meetenjoy,which so many now EXPLORERS that of AND

imthat sheknowing has a part—an Singing. CHARACTERS: partportant her contributhough even

buildingtion may be small—in the Prayer.Selection—-Junior Girls'Chorus. Purity, inMwhiteMan.robe, Gleaner.financial security of the Church. Every

blue. Truth, Talk, the Controls,""At a Junior by is erected, a chapeltime a new new

Girl. Explorer. Junior Girl. missionary the organized,stake work in orchid robe. Humility, a Girl Talks Junior an Explorer by and project launched,extended, or any new Girl. Scout. Bee Hive in Standpoint Church's on "The Regirl tithing her saythe can pays who

to herself, humbly and yet with pride, gard to Smoking and Drinking."Organ Music: "High on a Mountain

"I helped just a little bit in this great Explorer Chorus, Quartet or other Top,"during presentation. Purity, Truth,

work."musical selection. and Humility enter and stand on elevation,

front. in charfacing hand, Other hand of the for project the girls is this inner Explanation greater the than even But

at acters from group and come Girl. is on Junior insatisfaction hers knowing which Tithing—A carries elevation. foot of banMan audienceM of the Tithing is Reading on she the Lord's complyingthat with poem "Excelsior,"by ner with Explorer word and

in Bessie the Eldredge witnessing before that she isplan December and uniforms. carries Gleaner Scout wear

Him her faith in Him and love for Him Improvement Era (page 759) by a sheaf. Junior Girl, a rose, and Bee Hivea

and her desire to be indeed His child. Junior Girl. Girl wears band.

Explorer's peace through comes which of Scouting and View the AnThe (to other people): "Come, young Man M

to thefeeling Religion near Explorer. of being Lord is the by an let to us of the the Lord, mountain go up

greatest joy Latterday Saints know Response from mothers: "What the to the house of the God of Jacob, and He

"LET'S GO TO MUTUAL"

Anothei* ward has been reported to the General Boards as having reached the "standing room only"stage in Mutual attendance.

Th-e phetograph on this page shows the participation in M. I.

A. work of the Seventeenth Ward

of Salt Lake Stake. More than

four hundred persons were in attendance when this picture was taken.

The special program for the evening for the assembly period was "The Romance of an Old Playhouse,"with Miss Minnie Margetts, daughter of Phil Margetts, Pioneer Actor, presenting the program.

The attendance indicated, however, is normal for that ward, which is experiencing the highest record of attendance and participation yet reported in M. I. A.

work.

. )

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1938

will teach us of His ways and we shall Miss Adams will serve on the Beegoal, purpose, principle. Our highest

walk in His path."Hive and the Missionary Committees ideal is to build, through the M Men

(Group turns to ascend.) of the General Board. program, the unique temple of human

Humility: Stop! We guard the Mouncharacter and personality.

tain miust that you of and be sure the Lord beautifully expoet The American to thereto before ascendare worthy thus: we presses the thought

hither. topermit come up you

shall into ascend Gleaner: "Who imtil all blind are we see the We

shall in Hishill stand of the Lord, or who in plan the human That

Ncslen, chairmen; Axel place?"Grace C. A. Madsen andholy if is the making worth Nothing

Aurelia L. Stevenson, Dr. Richard Evans, L. A. clean that and Purity: hath hands "He the It man. not does make Harbertson. Bennion, E. Gladys

heart."purea cities glorious these build Why

his lifted not hath up HumiHty: "Who If goes? unbuilded man PAINTUP! CLEANUP!

vanity."soul unto imless the build In world vain we RAKEUP! deceitfully."Truth: sworn "Nor also builder grows. The Purity: Tell us, O young people, who It's time now for our Spring project—Edwin Markham.

you are that we may judge your worthi- * as a continuation of the Adult prohither. it to inness states best come of Books The Book will the raise for ject the year—"We all I are an Man. Man: is am this there no We sentence: "Where M M cultural surroundings of our by tone LatChrist of of the Jesus of Churchyouth perish."vision the people of places our beautifying homes, our Saints. Improvethe Mutual Interday is there only where comes Growth communities."our worship, and of truths the study Association,ment we looking vision, and a upward hope, a the of that department members put to thereafter endeavor Gospelthe and Now forward. beyond, moving a Men M earnliving. plans during into the winevery-day our making been havethem My est endeavor has ever been to be clean of ter for landscape designing and plantmust be men of vision—the upward

heart and hand, to be meek and humble ing, it is time to clean up. lookers.

true to and be honest like the Master, and has said, William Jordan George through is made that The suggestion fellow all with dealingsin God and my my of is is never a measure a man class "What the in the department, committees men. has, become; he he what what may its in to the proffer services bishop Girl. I Girl: a Bee Hive Hive am Bee of acthe never he measure what may plan. Security helping the with Church I. to honor taught been I have A. In M. is doing, quire; or has done he what the statement to can be Reference I made miist be means which womanhood,my of the do. never he measure what may First Presidency, the love to in deed, by and on this subject in thought and pure

truth. This I try to do daily. found in the Feb., 1938, Era, and other This is the final lesson of all the world's

Boy Scout: (Gives Scout Promise.) Era articles appearing almost monthly histories, all its biographies."The

Gleaner: As a Gleaner, I am endeavorsince the inauguration of the plan. ideals of a man, when put to work,

season's result of the this year, as hising position, face, my station. his his change is also to the Adult Reference made fourfold this bearing forth to comework, daily are countsowing, sowing, "We 1 in the Era. 937, December, department body; I clean shall bring First, a sheaf: less seeds of whis- a good and By topics are suggested following The third, humble, heart; a pure second, a blessings. breath per a sow ill.By we we project. for the spring study on mind. spirit; honest fourth, an and obedient strife. scatter In looks our and words 1 project of review the Adult like these and Scout, Explorer Explorer: A The

lie actions the of death and seeds and life these his its into need. people, puts other young

life."obedient, and clean, 2. Information He is good teachings. about paint—its cost, The essayist says: truth. the and he loves humble, its use, and its need.

Ideals are Satisfacdiscontent. of joy. seeks Girl bom Junior Girl: Junior The 3. class the that Discussion of help

tion with restful condition bring any her to may I. make in A. learns how M. She others the give to of encourage can it but to ease led content and never withman that one. life knows She happy a in class in the or not the community thrilled the heights vision, the to see never this represent would qualities the you out

in of cleanup, to aid plan the Church, his possibilities, sense of with a him never attainment. of impossible be

Truth: Then ascend, O youth of M. I. paintup, and rakeup. showed him the end of the road he might

A., for truly such as you are worthy to 4. How aid can be given the bishop. tread to higher being, higher attainment. It

come up into the hill of the Lord. And (Perhaps the bishop will talk on this is when man becomes conscious of the

ye shall receive a blessing from Him, yea, subject. wrong, the pettiness, the narrowness, the

dissatisfied, living, selfishness of his and, salvaof your the righteousness from God 5. aid the can be given mayor How

for earnestly truer searches some- a finer, is of Truth. tion. a God He of the community.

living, to his his inspire thing are then himself eyes that humbleth Humility: "He 6. of of buildings, a survey Study to the vision his steps opened guided and exalted."shall be

etc., to repaired. be the see fences, along shall way. heart in pure Purity: "The

God."Most of the reading material on this

Fifteen is in pamphlet form and be may ideals of the M Men departascend, subject people of young group (As the are: library, ment the the from found in some the Mountain sings: on "Higha quartet

stores. Agricultural College and from Top.")

there are Also some very good magaTheThe idealideal ofof faitha balancedin God,personality.in man, in self.NEW Y. W. M. I. A. BOARD zines on the subject such as: The ideal of finding the best vocation.

MEMBER APPOINTED The American Home. The ideal of service.

Better Homes and Gardens. The ideal of true sportsmanship in the

Tliss Caroline Adams has been Country Life. game of living.

-*''called by President Lucy Grant House and Garden. The ideal of an ideal romance and marriage. serve to counselors her andCannon on Household Magazine.

ideal of "clean and a hands pure The of the Youngthe Board General Womheart."Association. Improvementen's Mutual ideal of strong a healthful, body The 1922filled mission from aMiss Adams mind. and

1923 in the Western States. She also The ideal of wholesome Gleaner-M Men

has served valiantly in the Mutual Imassociation.

ideal of of preparation. education president as and cause, Theprovement

chairman; Dr. Franklin S. Frank McGhie, W. ideal leisuretime of acmaking I. The later my A., Y.the Ninth M. Ward firstW. Harris. Eyre, Floyed Homer Warner, G.

lift tivities me. Kiepe, Dr. Hales. B. Werner Girls C. Wayne on of the BeeHive supervisoras

fit ideal a for of candidate being a The she board, where Stakethe Mt. Ogden

call missionary Church. from my IDEALS years. for ten forward thecarried work ideal asset of being to an The Men my M perfect ideals and act a called to make she 1936,In 'Y'ouTH was January, class, Mutual. my

as a district supervisor in the BeeHive team. The hour calls for a deepThe ideal of developing spirituality withdepartment as associate member of the ened consciousness of higher ideals. It in me.

General Board BeeHive Committee. is the need of the age. Ideals mean plan, The ideal of honoring the Priesthood.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1938

Is it going to be a delightful one full of happy memories for your girls? Are

they looking forward to it because you have given a touch of colorful interest

Katie C. Jensen, chairman; Freda Jensen, Grace and surprise?

Nixon Stewart, Helena W. Larson. "HOW TO WIN FRIENDS AND DEAR GLEANER LEADERS: READING COURSE BOOKS INFLUENCE PEOPLE"

Tt is with great appreciation that we A RE you satisfied with the number of Tt is hoped by this time that over half for express our gratitude your efforts the read have the Church M Men in the books. in increasing the membership toward the contents thoroughly absorbed girls in Howyour toclassWinwhoFriendshave readand and

Carnegie, Influence People, Dale by classes. In place the Gleaner one ward course book. of reading our To How

Little and Step a Higher, girls by John attending of the number Mutual People, by Influence Friends and Win still is Evans. Henry time There thirteen in to gone has fortytwo, from Carnegie. months For to Dale many now

this girls stimulate activity urge the and to fortyseven, another twentythree seller this the in best been has a book and from forty to seventy in one of our to read them. Also reviews of these leading book stores over the country in

larger wards. books might be a happy way of stimuthe nonfiction class of literature. It

It is gratifying to know the Gleaner lating reading at this time of year. well deserves this place too, because

beautifully. is going along so work But

fine a no matter how thing may be, GLEANER LEADERSHIP ofandthethesignificantfarreachingmaterialinfluenceit containsit can there is usually room for improvement. MASTER surveyed the records his have upon the lives of those who read it The following report for November, A pupils had made and said to himand profit by its excellent advice.

1937, was most enlightening to us, and self: Many people are born with a natural

we believe it will be interesting to you Have I led them on in the quest gift of knowing how to get along with who are responsible for our Latterday For all that is right and best? people and being liked by them. So

I. girls Saint report A. The in M. of us, however, helped can be many is as Have follows: of stakes reportout 118 (79 field this of those have by made who HaveI taughtI lifted themthe eyesto loveof youththe truth, ing.) a lifetime endeavor study and human

These stakes comprise 663 wards, To a vision of life that's clean, out of a rich experience of practical but only 572 reported. That conquers the sordid and mean? application of the principles involved

Total enrollment of Gleaners for 572 Is there in our Church one Gleaner can speak with an authority which we wards, 7,236. (Average enrollment per leader saying to herself, "Well, I'll can well afford to accept. Our presentward about 13%.) work this year and then resign?"Such day complex social life makes it imposAverage attendance of Gleaners for reasons as, requiring too much time and sible for one to be a recluse, live his

572 wards, 4,884. (Average per ward work, other things waiting to be done, life alone, and still be a successful unit

about 9.) getting tired, losing interest, are frail in our modern social world. To be sucAn average attendance of 9 for each excuses for resigning. Of course, it is cessful, as it is used here, means to be

ward seems to us a very small perbetween you and your Maker. But happy, and this can only come in its

centage of our girls in active M. I. A. pause and ask yourselves, "Has He broadest sense by meeting, living with,

Let us consider for a moment what recalled His blessings from me? Has and serving other people.

can be done by the April Camaraderie He resigned His responsibility of me? A prominent university president reNight toward reaching every girl and Does He no longer need what I have cently said, "I would rather have my

binding 1 St—Personala ward sheaf.contact by leaders and toreasoninggive Hispowerservice?"and yourLet yourfine testiown sonotherlearnpeoplethe artthanof togettingbe a alongmasterwithof

members2nd—Anof appealGleaningto memberscommittee.of class pel,monycoupledof the withtruthfulnessthe developmentof the Gosof manytrue theof hislatterprofessionalwill be essentialcourses. in Ithisis

to 3rd—Havebring all girlsattractivein. programs. yourship ofownyouth,personalitygive answerthroughto yourleaderin- effortequallyto importantmake a living,in thisbut therespectformerandis

advertising of Gleaner to the clination makes an resign. added contribution to resignation 4th—Good from A

activities.group life."vital problem, more service of making a of the serious thing a God is 5th—Concentrated effort to find all to be prayed over, thought about and Great engineering schools over the

possible members. decided upon only when necessity decountry recognize the need of training

all students toMANUAL LESSONS mands. in this field and require

courses in subjects take formal dealing So, dear Gleaner Leaders, you may relationships human and personTt is with deep appreciation for your decide us. with to go right on Gleaning with

cooperation and diligence that we Are you looking forward and saving ality development. Some of the highest

give you the following: 446 of the 572 your pennies to come to June conferpaid employees of great industrial

wards reporting in November are up to ence? This conference is for you, for plants and research laboratories are

date with lessons. Is your ward inyou to increase your leadership power those who have direct charge of percluded in this report? Are you at the with the girls of our Church. More sonnel work and related subjects. It is

point in your manual that there will be power to you and may our Heavenly recognized by industrial and educationno rushing or slighting the work in orFather bless you with this sweet spirit al authorities alike that positive personder to finish in time for Honor nights? of timeless service, we are ality traits can be developed and that

inclined individuals disto are be who Gleaner Your Committee.GLEANING WEEK cold, tant, astheir disagreeable to and'T'his Week, the week letter From Star Valley this comes sociates, delightful can be and made precedinglast Gleaning night, Camaraderie Gleaners of The of the Star Valley Stake, for sought company. much CarDale

the reality season should be in the under a true able leadership Gleaner of Stake negie's book. Friends Win How To

Leader,"Gleaning", Kathleen a gleaning P. Burton, of the field for at assembled in it People, has advice and Influence

participated Afton in and election party. an ofhuman Gleaner age who aids will other bring and if used which souls—girls Original stunts, songs, cheers and werehave stopped coming or have who in about changes all personalities which given girls the the by from various wards us.never is been with This the time will desirable. be most to introduce their candidates. the After the Gleaningwhen will committee truly votes following counted were the are topics a of The Stake Gleaner some Organitsfeel it if well work done has reached ization effected with was of discussed: Hale Adathe objective girl "Every a Gleaner."as president, Afton Arvilla Griffeth of Six to Like People You. Make Ways

vice as Grover president and to Rhea Brown Twelve Your Ways To Win PeopleCAMARADERIE NIGHT secretary. Fairview as of Thinking. of Way April 12 is scheduled for last the program, Games, refreshments and conto Nine People Change Without Ways"Camaraderie of Night season. the cluded very enjoyable a evening. Offense. Giving

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1938

Seven Rules for Making Your Home Life

Happier.We suggest that a member of theclass use a ten minute period some

evening and briefly review a chapter in this dehghtful book. It will give

others a better insight into its contents and thereby encourage or stimulate its reading.

John D. Giles, chairman; M. Elmer Christensen.

EXPLORERS TO CELEBRATE TENTH ANNIVERSARY 2i LTHOUGH the Explorer Program of the Boy Scouts of America was introduced in 1935, Explorers of the

L. D. S. Church are preparing to celebrate their Tenth Anniversary as a part

of the Silver Jubilee Anniversary of

Scouting in the Y. M. M. I. A. The

reason is that the Vanguard Program, predecessor of the Explorer plans as far as Mormon boys are concerned, was introduced in 1 928 and is therefore entitled to celebrate its tenth anniversary this year.

When the Explorer program was introduced from National Headquarters in 1935, Dr. George }. Fisher, Deputy

Chief Scout Executive, was invited to attend the June Conference and conduct the ceremony that transferred more than six thousand Vanguards of the Church into the Explorer program of the National Council. Although the

Vanguard program had been given official approval by the National Council, it was planned and conducted in

Y. M. M. I. A. groups only. Therefore, the Explorers will have a prominent part in the Silver Jubilee at June

Conference and will participate in special events for older boys.

The motivation plan being conducted in all stakes is expected to encourage the organization of a substantial number of new Explorer troops throughout the Church.

FIRST EXPLORER TROOP IN ARROWHEAD COUNCIL T AS Vegas Ward of Moapa Stake "*- claims the credit for organizing the first Explorer Troop in the Arrowhead

Council with headquarters in San Bernardino and also the first in Moapa

Stake. The Explorer troop is being

organized among the older boys of the regular Scout Troop, which for several years has been the ranking troop of the Arrowhead Council.

With adequate, trained leaders in charge and a substantial Scout tradition in the wards, the success of this pioneer troop in that area is assured.

Bishop J. Harold Brimley, M. I. A.

President Elbert B. Edwards, Committee Chairman Anderson, Scoutmaster Part of the 1500 in attendance at the Los Angeles Stake

Frehner, and Explorer Leaders Adams Gold and Green Ball.

and Bunker are all cooperating in fosSpanishWinners Dancersfor Farmerfrom andthe FarmeretteEl Paso Ward,costumesSt. Josephin the Stake.Bontering the new organization. neville Stake Barn Dance. (See story on page 182.)

President Bryan L, Bunker of the andtest 5.whichWinnersprecededand theRunnersupBarn Dancein thein ExplorerBonnevilleVanballStake. constake presidency and Superintendent Gleaner Formal, one of the M MenGleaner activities held

in Falls the past year Stake. Idaho of the Y. A.Edwin G. Wells M. M. I. Stake. of Liberty Chorus duringM MenGleaner

(Continued 182) on page in Principals Liberty Stake Opera. The the (See pafle 183.) 181

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1938

{Continued from page 181) presented a "comic skit,"Emigration Ward brated in impressive fashion as a feaare supporting the plan and lending carrying off the honors. ture of the June Conference Program.

encouragement. A grand march began the evening's dance Special features are planned for each

the dance, the Virginia program. During of the three of the conference days SOCIAL (called the the oldSchottische JUNIOREXPLORER Reel and

religious to a the great climax be the with to Big Apple) fashioned proved be FORPLANNED TWELVE in the convocation Tabernacle Sunon of the favorites dancers.HUNDRED

night, 2nd. day June for Prizes outstanding costumes were of features social o theCuccESS new planrecognitions are for Special best being to Marie Miss Haymond, awarded'is ingroups the ExplorerJunior to farmerette costume, and for stakes Homer Adams ned reaching and wards

in thatdicative the the announcement typical farmer. for most 20specified 1st standards to June by

lastsocial for the of scheduled Febold fashioned dipped from an Punch was others. veterans 25year year and and

is built the Salt being well, the refreshmentruary Council booth Lake and by was is special to be to award every made A of hay. baled for of attendance twelveplanned an in the with every Church ward boy dismissed the at party 10:30, farmis When If that persons.hundred number regisinclusive, to years, 16 12 from bits alike carried farmerettes ers away and it will establishreached, a record new in unit. tered as Scout a any Scout souvenirs of the as vegetables of straw and activities will climax afor such and details as delightfully are being planned fun, Complete look evening's forward and

in successes outstandingseason which social. year's stake this to next press. issue to of the goes Era

in social the frequent probeenhave pictures. for 181 page See

grams of these two groups, EVENING CONJOINT SUNDAY CHAMPIONSHIPSVANBALL for the scheduled are Juniors CiNCE issue of to the press goes THIS Era R S meeting. conjoint the April Junior 3 'sixth Ethel annual the S. Explorer Anderson, chairman; Wells, Vanball Margaret N. will the outwell to leaders study do Bertha Ileen Tingey, K. Lucy Waspe, Ann T. in are being playedChampionships Andersen, Caroline Adams. the lined appears under which program

is ItSalt estimated that Lake. nearly

178. department, page Executive is of April the to month devoted TPhe in Salt Explorers thousandone Lake

If suggestions: there Supplementary all in of Field ranks Outof-Doors participated alone inCouncil have Girls in are Junior your wards some is of the department. BeeHive This this four year probablyVanball and

soloists, especially are vocal good who it all is as be, for calling should nature the throughoutthousand Church. Speinstrumentalists, storytellers, or you us. to girls us Let that teach BeeHivecial sweaters are Explorer awarded to paropportunity give an could them things of nature revertreated are with thethe of winners Championships with that the ticipate, always remembering is ence. as not There vandalism much to theVanballs second awarded and

is for exploitation of not some program of the in outof-doors states. other Thethird place

for girls, rather developthe but few life destruction to bird flowers and ment of the many and the conversion not permitted. Let us learn to love andis

of the whole group to the good of appreciate the great outof-doors.

Junior work. REFERENCE BOOKS

Marba C. Josephson, chairman; Lucile T. Buehner, 1. National Geographic Magazine.

Bennett.Emily H. 2. Source of Knowledge. Books—Book 3. II, III, Elementary teams.Umiou Science Grades by GIRLSJUNIOR Peiples. Persing V, by and

Tn compliance with the request of the D. E. Hammond, chairman; Philo T. Farnsworth, 4. First Lessons in Nature Study by

General Board, Bonneville Stake Arthur E. Peterson. Edith M. Patch.

5. Bird Foes and Farm H. Study its by J. social.held ExplorerJunior The SILVER JUBILEE OF SCOUTING Paul.Barn held directhe Dance under was S. L. D. IN CHURCH 6. Helpers, Bird Foes Farm H. and by J.tion of stake the leaders: Grace Fox

S. to are Paul. Scouters Scouts and D. Tof the Girls, Junior and Johnson Roy

* 7. Science, Trafton. Nature Study and by their in Silver Jubilee have ownand the of Explorers. Chadwick LeRoy 8. Activities, Resources State Utah and celebration of of twentyfive years forTheir the enthusiasm venture made of Education. Department first in Scouting the Church. Theus to eager pass their to on exyou 9. in the Doors H. Out of West, by J. issued the National Council byperience. afcharter party a nodate The was Paul.

fair, the various ward leaders of both of the Boy Scouts of America was 10. Farm Friends and Spring Flowers,

Juniors and Explorers being responsible dated June 9, 1913, but covered the by J. H. Paul.

for the attendance, either bringing their year beginning May 21, 1913, making (Public school libraries have the above groups in cars or walking with them to May 21st the date of the official adopbooks.

following purchased can books be The tion the as of Scouting Program Juniorthe place the party held. where was

cents: for cents 10 15 and I. of the A. Y. M. M. partyThe was invitational, each boy

11. Stars, Seeing B. White. by W. the has under water girl gone receivingand Much clever a card with

12. Green, Blue and Books oi'The Red since that things great bridge time andthe of the announcement kind of party, of Birds America.

the date, time, and place. These cards have happened to many thousands of 13. Wild Flowers of America.

were presented at the door for admisboys and men throughout the Church. 14. Butterflies of America.

sion. Scouting has been carried, not only to 15. Talking Leaves (How to identify

it in the stake but has every Trees). Church, picContains goodsized American is following the report The the from

tixres birds, Julius King. of carried to by already been twentyoneleaders of Bonneville Stake:

16. Birds, King. of Julius by Book regcountries there are other and now

Girls Junior Explorers The of and Bon17. at Julius a Flowers Glance by Wild all S. in istered of the L. D. Troops neville first their Stake enjoyed annual King. States. the regions of twelve United "gettogether"evening, on Monday Januthese Special to All—"Take of Word the place Estimates Scouts A number 31st, in ary Yalecrest the RecreaWard

to flowers flowers the to the not books as the approximately Church tion affair Hall. now in in the nature of The was an oldfashioned barn dance. Baled hay, 22,500 with 7,500 Explorers, making the books to study and classify. We

com stalks, harnesses, and farm produce a total of 30,000 in the two Scouting want to preserve our gorgeous wild were used as decorations, and added genuunits. In addition an estimated 4,500 flowers and not ruthlessly destroy them

for ine atmosphere hundred twentypleasure."- the two for a moments'few Mina of the as are engaged Church men

five farmerettes. farmers costumed and Edison) (Mrs. Edison Thomas M. in leading or as troops Scouters Comevening's entertainment The began President "The of Club. Bird and Tree stakes in and at mitteemen and wards on the m. 7 p. group witnessed the Stake when

Van Ball finals. The winners were Emilocal Council Committees. A CORRELATED NATURE GUIDE

gration Ward first, LeGrande Ward secThis historic date in Y. M. M. I. A. 1. Honey Gatherer's Song. ond. history—the date when Scouting came 2. Poem—The one on page 205, "DafFollowing this event, each ward group into the organization—is to be celefodils,"or "The Rainbow,"etc.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1938

3. Under the Spreading Chestnut Tree.

( Handbook.

4. Pussy Willow Song (Handbook, page

298). 5. The Spider (Handbook, page 302).

6. Dramatize Trees (See Game Section).

7. Drawing exercise. Provide the girls

with traced flowers or birds or animals, leaving untraced the most characteristic its trunk,part. (Ex. without Elephant setjri or 1 Frequent its bill.) these Bird without PassHumming Y j points saves complete them swarm haveout to the and

picture.the

8. Nature Squares. Page 311. o trouble. p. 9. Guide—The study of one of Nature's

Wonders convenienuitPSvtlY locate ECONOMICALExamples of Round Trip Fares: 10. Soog—Good(See Guide).Night, page 146, or overare

Lady Bird, page 144. downo'* San Francisco $18.00

17.30 Reno ITEMSNATURE 21.60 FresnoRocks: DEPOT: BUS UNION of the agency by Igneous—formed Hotel Bldg., Was. 1366 Square Templefire. stratified often called Usually and

Granite. or eruptive.massive Ex. 'g'WijWaWCTwrra. '..-

by a stream. Sedimentary—deposited TUNE IN: "Romance of the Highways". Sundays, 10:15 AM. Mutual Don Lee Network Sandstone.Ex.

Metamorphic—Rocks changed in

form by pressure, heat and water, etc.,

forming a more compact crystallinecondition. Ex. Marble. GREYHO

Eiergreens: Pine needles grow in

bunches. Fir and Spruce: Have needles scatLiberty Stake Produces Outstanding Opera

tered on the stem. Persistence plus purpose can accomtion to these activities, the chorus was

Fir: Has smooth bark, needles flat plish great ends. As evidence of to render music for conjoint programs

Stake. round. in the atand various wards and M Men

Jr., one of the orFetzer, Spruce: John Mr. a Has prickly needles. this,Gleanerthe LibertyChorus, Stakeaugmented by

the of Hollywood ganizers renowned orchestra, presented piece twentythreeDO YOU this at KNOW Salt to returned Lake Chorus, full version length 21 a 20 Jan. on and

there are That 13,000 today between and organizing. Mr. did the actual time and opera, Balfe's of Bohepopular "The species of 14,000 world. the in birds found position the accepted Martin Norman Girl."production a demian was The species in are 766 found That North Derdirector, Merle with of Miss and enthusiastically success; cided and was of America, north Mexico? set to bring to out accompanist, rick as it. all received saw by who of birds the eyes That are developed very

so that highly they can see great distances Behind this statement there lies a realizationBriefly, thethechorusstake andboard'sleadersdream.found rapidly? objects and follow moving

That the only four pigments or color story. The Liberty Stake had had no a good many difficulties to overcome in

substances found in bird feathers are black, outstanding musical organization for preparing the production. It was debrown, red and yellow? some time. In June, 1937, the newlyor- cided to select all principals by tryout,

That only birds bear feathers? ganized Stake Board, under the leadfrom the chorus. The chorus found it

That birds can change the focus of their ership of Gordon Strong, Y. M. M. L necessary to learn the opera with only

instantly, far eyes sighted becoming stagveek; rehearsals night and a President, Mrs. Verna and Godor A. two W.

at will? near I. of exception the President, done, ing dard, with A. made was M. Y. W. eats fourrobin a That young commonly in rehearsal, in the the materialized plans dress Tenth one which have Ward feet in earth of teen one day? worms

hall, for chairs this using to back chorus. recreation planned have It was it bird the takes one average about That

week to build a nest? the chorus provide the music for a drop and wings.

That small birds are the singers while Stake Youths'Conference to be held This chorus set itself a big task, but large birds are of little or no importance October, to produce the opera, "The came through with flying colors; and,

as songsters? Bohemian Girl,"to present an Easter elated over the success of its enterprises

That the vocal organs of a bird are loconcert, and to prepare the music for to date, is now looking for new fields cated in the lower end of the windpipe? the M. I. A. Spring Festival. In addito conquer. (See picture, page 18L)

(In man at the upper end.)

That the Scarlet Tanager and the Wood

Thrush can throw their voices like a venStamens—Hidden, found by following it by dyeing a paper towel. Have this

triloquist? veining of petals. lining extend only to the edge of cover

That a bird's heart beats twice as fast Seed—Oblong green seed pod, three not including the flaps. Punch holes

closely rows lobes that packed each being? himian of as with two a the the top along and punch with card

flat all the are round cats the of bird enemies That raffia, folder. with Lace of the bottom in 13 to of inches high Size squirrels next? red worst and seeds.plant—15 flaps. lining folder of joining backs and places. all birds are of the bones hollow damp That to give them the greatest strength for their Specimens—Mount them securely on weight?—Taken from Book of Birds, Lewis A FOLDER stiff paper of a proper size to insert in

H. Mills and Gertrude C. Hawkins. A CONVENIENT folder for your specithe pockets of your folder. By each,

mens is made as follows write the classification. Cover with

FLOWERS CLASSIFIED A square of wrapping paper folded cellophane, allowing enough to lap over Example—The Iris ( Wild ) once through the middle in book form. about onehalf inch to the back. DampFamily—Iris. Turn under both long edges about four en the cellophane laps and press them

June, Blossom July. Time—May, firmly to of the mountthe back cover. for as inches down a book would you

places. found—damp in folder pockets. Place center or deing. a border with Decorate green, swordlike. WhereLeaves—light attracshould a neat have now this Paint You sign of symbol. with your flower parts on top of Flower—Three

stem. wax crayons or water colors. Now tive folder with two goodsized pockets Color—Violet blue, variegated with yelshellac this cover on the outside with in which to place your classified specilow, green or white. white shellac. Make a bright lining for mens.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1938 ''Javelin Tosser"Some years the meet dwindled to envelope. Steve paused. "Sparthe final event. This year interest row's"soft eyes pleaded for support.

(Concluded from page 176) was built up by close competition, He went forward.

desert the ship while there was a until it culminated in the javehn "Sparrow's"slim fingers were spar standing. All summer, and event. The prompt tabulation of trembling frightfully when, at last,

throughout the first semester of the points was made on a huge score he had a double sheet telegram outfollowing school year, he kept urging board. The crowd milled around spread before him. He bolted the

his friend to practice with the it. As the javelin throw was anmessage, first; then reread it with

javelin. His hope now lay in the nounced through the megaphones, great care. Finally, a change came

possibihty of "Sparrow's"love of the tally of points showed that only over him. It struck with the force

javelin tossing reasserting itself. two of the six schools had no chance of a tidal wave.

of coming out on top. Each of the "Here, Steve,"he said joyously,

Winter slunk away and four remaining schools had a chance, thrusting out the sheets. "I can hardspring peeked out. Track and field and so close were the scores of these ly believe I'm seeing correctly. Read

meets began to take the annual spotfour that Quiller needed a first or It, light. Steve hoped that the first second place to have any show at Steve devoured the message:

warm days and the urge tO'be outall, for it had only one contestant in JUST HEARD YOUR STORY STOP AM EN

SURGQUILLER PERFORM ROUTE TO event. the NOW bringdoors the would back "SparSTOP CRIPPLED LEG MARCY'S ERY RUFUS ON congregation of competing The of days. the other SPECIALTYrow"should STOP CASES ARE SUCH Time MY

I MUSCLES SO THINK REPLACE CAN TORN athletes as watched anxiously healedhave the wounds, now, by AS AS BE WILL FORMERLY LEG THAT GOOD his OPERATION place, STOP COST ANYONE TO "Sparrow"Trent took NOand even the scars should be disapSTOP I LAD OF THE AND YOU AM FATHER to throw. ready clenched Stevepearing. TRAIL RESCUED COMPANION YOUR FROM

But, with "Sparrow,"it was not perspiring hands. Nervously the DOOMTOOK ALMOSTRIVER RAPIDSA YEARWITHTO JAVELINLOCATE STOPYOU

to be that way. Although he rewillowy Quiller entrant hitched at STOP HAD YOUR COURSE TRACED BACK TO

ported to Coach Pelley, because he his vermilion track pants and then DONNEGANHAVE FULL LOGGINGDETAILS COMPANYOF YOUR STOPTRIP NOWAND

STOP UNDERTAKEN AHEAD GO AND WHY javelin thefelt from an official. that Quiller, accepted he owed much toi QUILLER SET FOR STATE WIN THAT AND

his plainly lips; he STOP PROOF RECORD I HAVE CAN chipper, was not thehe He wet DO YOU happygo- was

lucky athlete of yore. keyedup, but Steve felt that it was IT STOP WILLDR.SEELANCASTERYOU IN TWOWELLINGTON.DAYS.

Then came the big conference not the keen competition that made track and field meet. Each year, in him anxious. Rather, he was harIn the next few minutes, "Sparaddition to several dual meets, the rassed by the thought of that long row"Trent flashed the first glimpse

schools of the conference met to setelapsed day, when his javelin had of a returning chipper cockiness.

tle the championship. This year the found a human mark. As surely as As if a weight, which held his throwhost was Quiller. though he had seen, Steve knew ing arm, had been suddenly reAs is human. Coach Pelley and what the picture was in "Sparrow's"moved, he gained twentyone feet

his track squad were especially mind: A limping redheaded boy! on his second trial. Then, reacting

anxious to offer stiff competition be- "Sparrow"went through his to a frenzied clamor from the crowd fore the home fans. On the basis loosening up motion, stretched, for a new record, the willowy youth

of records made in every event by poised for an instant, and threw. whipped forvsard in his final try and

various athletes of the six schools, a A groan tore across Steve's lips bettered the state mark by two feet fairly accurate check could be made in spite of his determination not to and three inches.

on points each contestant should feel disappointment. "Sparrow's"

win. This was done. When the toss was fully ten feet back of the J.WO weeks later, a jolly,

sheet was finally completed, it was worst throw that had been made by roundfaced doctor met "Sparrow"found that one event might deterhis three leading competitors. and Steve on the front steps of the

mine the winner, and Quiller could Steve figured on a pad of paper. Quiller Hospital.

not be certain of winning the conIf no better marks were made in the "He'll be doing flipflops in anference meet without first place in second and third trials the final score other week,"Lancaster Wellington's the javelin throw. would place Quiller fourth in the eyes twinkled assurance. "I just

Coach Pelley had left the javehn meet. removed the stitches."

event to the last because he had As soon as the pair had withhoped the sheet would figure out so LEEP in gloom over the drawn, "Sparrow's"hand landed that the Quiller Braves would not wobbly toss his friend had made, squarely and forcefully in the small have to depend upon points in the Steve tried to escape. It wouldn't of Steve's back.

javelin to win. As if to mock his do to bump intO'"Sparrow"the way "I feel like tackling a wild cat!"

efforts, the very conclusion he hoped he felt. He just couldn't be cheerhe exulted happily.

to dodge leered at him and his ful, and his reason would be grasped, An impish twist came to Steve's charges. The javelin event would at once, by the javelin thrower. lips.

very likely determine the winner of What that vould mean to the chum "Sorry I can't accommodate you.

the conference meet. whose life outlook had already been I'm no member—not even a distant "If we only had 'Sparrow'Trent saddened he could readily imagine. relative—of the cat family."

working, really clicking!"he groanPoor "Sparrow!""Sparrow"was not squelched.

ed, as he pushed the findings before Then, through no choice of his He swung about, confronting his the eyes of a dozen anxious members own, their eyes met. "Sparrow"friend. Their eyes clung.

of the track team. had moved quickly. A messenger "What I meant, Steve, was that

When Steve Donnegan learned boy, bolting across the field with I'm glad you had the foresight and... Well, never mind. Youof the "point sheet"he clamped his a telegram, handed it to him before—and

jaws. He knew that the ability was Coach Pelley could intervene. The carried my javelin through five hunthere. It needed only that somejavelin thrower was tearing, with dred miles of wilderness for a purthing to cut it free. frightinspired fingers, at the flimsy pose."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1938

THE PROTESTORS OF CHRISTENDOM ( Continued from page 1 45 received the gifts of the Spirit of two appearances of the Savior, the one tributes a reign on the earth of a 'in suffering, will withhe appear wherein to Christ is accepted years God.""argumentathousand he makes And the (aspect), glory without show'and

... tive fact: "there of this use were out by Tertullian The antiChrist to will 'in glory other he come wherein

no longer to be any prophets in your judge the world'..., is it not of the great having been conquered... and most

race (Jewish) as in the past.... and terrible day, that is, of his second of his followers destroyed, a first

that to understand are coming, we the Word will resurrection absolutely a first judgment (Jesus)For and after Him is to that Elias of announces God, when He you."., including... those take place, prophetno among has come the forerunner?"be

"We have still among us, even until "'Perfectly,'he replied.""who shall have professed the relignow, prophetic gifts, which should ion of the true God... As to the

make you understand that that Justin Martyr distinguishes a first chosen ones, their first reward will which your race formerly possessed and second resurrection: in the first be a reign of a thousand years, with

saints resurrection, the alone will to us.""Christ, After in the transferred Jerusalem.has New been

first resurrection the take part; after devil this this period, been the the argument support who had (Would

authority of presentday Christian will come the millennium and then bound, will again be given his libchurches? a second or general resurrection, that erty, and will again rebel with the

all of at of the which men, end just. the against him- a wicked God first of coming and second The will begin years the endthousand self will enemies these exterminate Savior,the together with the comreign."atless opinion which "The resurrecthe of then name, and Hising of Elias said Smith Joseph when

... place. will tion of the unjust take come, are indicated definitelyhe did with "Justin, Dialogue Trypho XLIX, the of resurrection is uni- 2. the body Justin:by Justin, with Dialogue Trypho LXXX,

against versally taught defended and cxin. "Is the Elias it not says who, by LXXXL Word gnostics."'the Tixeront, the pagans dcs and Histoire dans Dogmesthe shall 'beof Zacharias, mouth come

278: "It is neces- I'Anfiquite ancienne, p. 186) (Continued on pagefore terrible the great the of and day

Lord'?"sary to observe that Saint Irenaeus admits

still. It resurrections, alone, first for the will just a two appear he one be is when replied: 'Perfectly.'"He

is after general, will the milthat the second Father which heaven renew again "Since necessitates recognizing a the Lord it is shine, 'must earth, passed,"he has lennium an and who

Justin, Dialogue with Trypho CXIII, 4, eternal light, for Jerusalem, the king of "Justin. Dialogue with Trupho LXXXIH, 5: "But Jesus is indeed he who appeared Salem according to the order of MelCompare LXXXVH, 4. and spoke to Moses, and in a word to all chizedek'and the 'eternal priest of the most

"Justin, Dialogue with Trupho the other Patriarchs, in order to serve the high'."

LXXXVII, 3. will of the Father; it is he who came also 'Tixeront, Histoire des Dogmes dans

'Justin, Dialogue with Trypho LXXXH. to be born a man by the virgin Mary, and rAntiquife chretienne, pp. 458, 459.

THE CHURCH MOVES ON The Work Of The {Concluded from page 163) Sunday. Dec. 19, 1937. Teacher

there were three million dollars spent Pres. Heber J. Grant dedicated the (Continued from page 174)

in the construction of Church buildings chapel of the Wells Ward, Wells dresses, etc., of the little flock, the teacher

during the year 1937. Stake. should carefully consider how best he may

ray "Feed Sheep."Ascertain from properSunday, January 23. 1938

is that not gosneighborhood INSTITUTE CHURCH sources—and AND University Stake, Ensign The Ward, extent taking what are adthey sip—to IN COLLEGE LEADERS reorganized Richwithwas LeGrand the of opportunities given them RELIGIOUS EDUCATIONards as Bishop. Devirl if Stewart and the MEET vantageunder shortsighted, Gospel, are they

John L. Firmage were sustained as r\ Saturday, February 5, 1938, all neglecting opportunities for spiritual growth

counselors. - leaders of students of college age and development, negligent of duty, or

point his to within weak in any power in institutes Saint Latterday coland 24, January 1938Monday, remedy. leges in the Office Building met Church Kathleen Harriman, Miss daughter realize Flock. should a Shepherd of He the for of conference direction a underof Harriman, of the former head W. A. that having been were, made, shepas it

Union Pacific Railroad, arrived in Salt Dr. Franklin L. West, Church Comherd of this little flock, charged with caring

Lake City to study the subject, "The missioner of education, and Dr. M. for the welfare, spiritual and, to some exInfluence of the Mormon Church on Lynn Bennion, Seminary Supervisor. tent, temporal, it carries with it a very solIts People."Directors of religious education were emn responsibility, and that the Lord rethat quires of demonstration love present for Him Utah, from Idaho, Wyoming,Sunday, 30, January 1938 of the feeding Peter of old, demanded of California. Arizona, and hospital dedicated at was A new sheep. His

Payson by Elder John A. Widtsoe. Getting in Love With the WorA:. The DR. DAINES strive teacher RECEIVES earnestly, should through 1937.Sunday, Dec. 5,

humility, in prayer SIGNAL to and love get with HONOR chapel the of Falls Idaho The his the work, to ask the give Lord him L. the Daines, of General Lyman FallsFourth Stake, Idaho North Ward, spirit that of discernment able he be may

I. of the A., has Pres. dedicated Y. M. M.was Heber by J. Grant. to his flock discern the of needs and TR.Board know

been appointed the States by United to then, in them, meet following and howTuesday, 1937. Dec. 14, health service to further conduct exthe steps of the Master about went who 12th13th Chapel The was Ward this of good, love. doing take labor up periments the concerning cure of tuberfordeclared unsafe account of use on the Planning should Jointly. He Work culosis. for Dr. the past Daines yearfaulty foundations. his with consider meet companion, when directed has of the scienthree work

visits, their best his giving they can make tists, 17,Friday, 1937 Dec. Dr. his Koflord; brother, Lyman

the that the assurance companion time Elders Albert George Smith Kofford, Lauris, Nicholas and Glenn and G. will agreed this for sacred be held upon

K.Rufus have appointed been of all three Hardy have received the whom asking purpose, of that and ashim same

to visit the Church Membership in the invitation to continue their work in surance. That may be upon the Thursday

Pacific Islands. Washington, D. C. (Concluded on page 189)

) ).

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1938

THE PROTESTORS OF CHRISTENDOM ( Continued from page 1 85

The saints shall inherit the earth. doctrine. With the then existing vidual choice or to improvisation,

"The possession (of eternal hapmeans of communication, the task were adopted.

piness) however will not be equal of regulating the churches must In the borrowing of pagan religfor all, for there are in the house have been a difficult one, and imious rites with which "to express of the Father different mansions, mediately after the departure of the the true religious aspirations of the some shall be received into heaven, Apostles, no one had any authorsoul,"in this development and enothers will inhabit paradise, and still ity to undertake the work—at least richment "of a liturgy, at once, pomothers the New Jerusalem ( Irenaeus no one seems to have undertaken it. pous and touching,"local differences

V, 36, 2).'"(Compare Joseph Revelation could have preserved came to exist. Though little can be

Smith, different glories.) unity in widely separated churches, known about it, Duschene is of the

Clement of Alexandria states the but when it had ceased, each church opinion that in the third century, same idea in a different manner: was subject to local influences, the practices in Rome, Antioch, and

"The elect shall be received in one whether of philosophy or of pagan Alexandria, were, not only differof the three dwelling places ( homes religion. In justification of the nuent, but must have been quite resignified by the figures thirty, sixty, merous and farreaching changes moved from the primitive unified

and a hundred"34 in the parable of the thirdthat tookcenturies,place Mourretin the second(Cathohc)and usage.In any event, the liturgical forms, sower.

writes: "Persecution, heresies, under the influence of the ecclesiasTocTRiNES mentioned by one Apschisms, controversies; that is all tical provinces, assumed four chief

ologist are sometimes not conthat one perceives at first glance.. types: the Syrian type, the Alexansidered in the works of others, at the old antique religions have crumdrian type, the Roman type, and the

least, not in their works that have bled as a result of their own dogGallican type. These were to be recome down to the present, but the matic and moral insufficiency, the duced to two: the usage of Rome

doctrines the Apologists do treat are church in its powerful vitality, has and the usage of Constantinople.

largely in Nevertheless, agreement. to knoivn from of those borrow how In the the reduction a to West, dissenting there numerous were ) their rites pagan expressed which ( single type, the type, was Roman groups'part inconsiderable no and the religious true aspirations of the its slow. church Each had book own doctrines the of of Apologists, the soul, at liturgy, the elements a of liturgical of usage; unithere no was in their time,considered orthodox once, touching."pompous and By formity the but ancomplete most rejected later Chrisbeenhave by the fourth century, the church archy. the Merovingians, Under is It tianity. evident also that there liturgy to offer greatest the came the fallen into Prankish Church had little effort preserve to thewas orvariety. state "the corruption, of saddest of as theydinances been had handed it is Historically, to impossible disorganization ignorance.""of and the Apostles. bydown detail. in these follow changes After in consequence, abolPepin And early the Apostles been had Very quoting describes Justin Martyr who ished liturgy rethe Gallican and false dissension aboutconcerned and meetings"Christian the not but does the quested to send Church Roman

its liturgical books. The Justin, Dialogue with T r y pho, reproduceand after citingany ofthe theprayerformstowardsused copiesforms containedof in these not were 5.CXXXIX.

Tixeront, Histoire des Dogmes dans the end of Clement's First Letter to adopted without change, but those

TAntiquite chretienne, p. 279. the Corinthians''and the section reintrusted with the reform by Pepin,

**Tixeront, Histoire des Dogmes dans garding the eucharist in the TeachCharlemagne, and Louis the Pious, chretienne,VAntiquite 296. of p. Clement obthe Twelve, Duschene ing of combined them with seemed whatAlexandria, Miscellanies 14, col. 337; VI, serves that of forms between these to the reformers preserving worth IV, 18, col. 1321.

Division had manifested itself in the a primitive age and the fourth cenin the books they already had. The

time of the Apostles and it continued to tury, there are no documents of resulting liturgy, under the influence increase. There were at least five major liturgical usage. of the imperial chapel, was propagroups: the considered the group orthodox, It is that in the beginpresumed gated of the to the churches PrankDocetists that held "the view who the body ning, the church forms everyish were empire to and finally Romeof the gnostics Jesus phantom"; a was who

sought for mystic or supernatural knowlwhere about the same. The ritual where it supplanted the Roman

edge"and desired to be in a class apart took form as follows: The early usage itself. "Roman liturgy, from

the Christians;from ordinary the Marcionhabitual; habits the is forms became at least, the eleventh century

ites that taught the body of Jesus who was rites into rites; the litde- else than nothing the Prankish materialnot incrystallized and opposed as marriage

consistent with Christianity; the Montanists veloped into more or less compliurgy.... It is a bit strange that the

who also considered married life as inferior cated ceremonies; the subject matancient Roman books, those which

introducedand of type prophecy a new in ter of prayers exhortations and berepresented the pure usage Roman fell into the prophetwhich trance. a In fixed, the one officiating and came century, up to the ninth been haveaddition there groups: were minor many

Irenaeus wrote against twelve sects, Hipcame to treat certain subjects only so thoroughly eliminated by the othfinally, ofpolytus fixed thirtyin but against Portus (170236) ers, that and one manner; "31 there remains not a single Philastertwo, and 170of Brescia (active formulas, leaving nothing to indicopy.

fiftysix. enumerates one236) hundred and continued) be (ToVictor, of is bishop said (189198) Rome Les Origines chretiennes, pp.to definitely have favored Montanism;

182. and 181,"Mourrett, *Duschene, Origines Les du Culfe ChreofHippolytus Portus, "the learned most

Justin I, 6. Apology tien, p. 56. the of of hismember Church Roman day"

was a rival bishop of Rome, "one of the Clement, First Letter to the Corinthians '"Duschene, Les Origines du Culte Chreearliest antipopes known to history."5961. tien, p. 109.

Hurst, An Outline oi Christian Literature, The Didache or the Teaching of the "Duschene, Les Origines du Culte p. 47. Twelve IX, X. Chretien, p. 109.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1938

BECKONING ROADS {Continued from page 143) ENROLLFOR A MODERNNOW were having a shower for Vera and because I want to? Use your head. BEAUTY COURSE

Phyllis. She wasn't going. She just We shall meet greater setbacks SPECIAL RATES

couldn't endure trying to be gay than that before we get through life.

If life her was ruined. she knew we can'twhen take it now how can we EXCEL-CISBEAUTY SCHOOLS their expect to later?"kindly not standShe could

Locatedmeant questions or too casual in- "We? You are forgetting."Main & Broadway. Wasatchat 1196, Salt

difference. But she had bought them "No,"his voice turned rough. "I Washington & Lake23Td, CityPhone 653, Ogden

Falls Bldg.. Idaho Sweeney forgetting. not remember- a lovelyeach I am present with her motham

9th, Boise, So. Idaho ing of with every ounce er's egg money. Call In or to Our Mail my being Phone,113119 Coupon

"But we must not,"Nancy had that you are mine. You belong to Salt Lake Office for FREE CATALOG

cried when her mother had sugme and always will."Name

gested it. "That is all we have to Address

live on, and there is garden seed to JLhe girl's body tingled buy,"Even at such a time they with the force of his words. Oh,

were not like other people. he was loveable. And he must know

"We'll manage,"Mrs. Porter had best. She felt her anger slipping,

been very sure and calm. "The girls then it flared anew at her own formust have a beautiful present for giveness. She had always capituthis is their happy time. We marry lated before and so he was not ESTABTWO GUESTS—LISHONE CHARGEED

but once in a lifetime, you know."afraid. This time she would not. LOCATION: Seventh and Broadway, the center

The girl smiled as she marked the "Don't think it is just postponing COMFORT: Forof shopsyou inandfurnishings,shows. atmosphere

service. in a lifetimerow. was mothOnce hurts,"that our marriage she said, POLICY: andOne It er's code. be Phyl's, would price. impartial. too, hoping her voice sounded or Notwodoubleguestsrate.in room. Same

but she was not sure about Vera. "It is what it stands for. No matter RATES: Rooms with bath.Choice

Pete had said, "Marriage is a mighty which way one turns the road is Double Bed—Double or Tvnna

$3.00 $3.50 $2.50permanent proposition."He was blocked."Bargaining—No "No Worry"kind.that "You telling me?"Frank President R. Wishon,

cried out,"suddenCarl "Watch eagerly turned to him. "Pete, She HOTEL LANKERSHIM that getting ly. are "You feel it, too?"row do youcrookeder than a snake's back."Feel it? Huh. Good thing she LOS ANGELES

"Let me try."(Continued on page 188)

Nancy turned to face Pete. He

had come upl unnoticed. Ignoring

her protests he took the rake. Unthe groundder his strength soon 'Z. D. S. Training Doesnt Cost—It PaysV* crepe.crumbled into brown Nancy

dropped the seed and Carl covered it Industriesof virhom haveof thereceivedWest providetheir trainingemploymentat theforL,a D.vastS. armyBusinessof officeCollege.workers,The thousandsschool iswith earth. That went much faster happy to picture, belov/, the plant of the American Smelting and Refining Company, at

and soon they were through. Garfield, Utah;

"Gee, Pete,"Carl cried in relief.

"I'll be glad when you are in the family. Nance is as good as nothing lately. Now for my plane."

He rushed away and Pete faced the girl. His eyes were heavy, she

noticed, but held that halfhumorous, halfinquisitive light that always set her emotions askance. She started

for the house, "Aren't you going to ask me in?"

"Since when do you need an invitation?"

"That's all I wanted to know."

He put his hand on her arm but she shrugged it away.

"Still peeved?"but his hand dropped.

"Peeved!"She turned sharply.

"I suppose that is all it meant to This is the largest copper smelter in the world. It employs, normally, a thousand men

you. And I thought you loved me. and contributes indirectly to the incomes of countless other people throughout the West.

Peeved! I am not. I am through."Inhavethethesearchbest forchances.employment,May wethetelltechnicallyyou abouttrainedour courses,young tuitionmen andrates,womenemploymentalways

There was nothing smiling about service, etc.? Write today for the free booklet, "Planning Your Future."his eyes or mouth now. He caught

again. a moment.her "Just arm D. S. the L imagine by any chance BUSINESSof the L. D. S. College) COLLEGE (A departmentDo you

disappointment is all yours? You 70 North Main Street—Salt Lake City, Utah—Wasatch 1812

think I am putting the marriage off

These Advertisers Merit Your Patronage. 187

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1938

BECKONING ROADS {Continued from page 187) Nancy turned impatiently toward Bobby and Joe went to the kitchdidn't know the whole of it. But the house. Pete would ignore this en. Carl continued to whittle.

he only smiled grimly. moment. Let him. Let him belittle "Carl"

"But I will not give into it,"she it; the fact remained she had work. "I heard you, first time."

cried, stung by what seemed resigWork. The breaks had been with "Then go."

nation on his part. "It is too unfair. her. Her mother met her at the "Aw'right."

door. checker went on. From game TheI to something from have am going

intermitvoices kitchen "Yes, I heard,"she nodded in the camelife. wait going to not And I am

shining to of radiance tently the of dishes. answer broken by the rattle to to give it me. I shallfor you go

face. "I heard, the girl's Carl and it Then "Make Joe demanded, I something. amsomewhere—do things us take to get long won't your come on."sitting fornot here waiting old and

age to dull my desires, I have been together.""Carl. And take your whittlings

waiting for you, but from now on I After supper Pete stayed to play with you."

wait for nothing. I am on my own."checkers with Mr. Porter. Nancy "Oh, aw'right. Aw'right."LayThe man did not reply. What was busy with some last minute ing aside his precious airplane and

was the use? As they drew near sewing and her mother took up a sweeping with his hands the shavthe house a car, streamlined in dusty needle to help her. ings from the hnoleum, the boy rose

arrogance, swung up to the gate and "Bobby,"she said to her sevenslowly to his feet. "Never saw such

stopped instantly and soundlessly. yearold son, "clear up the dishes"a place. Can't give a feller a mincan ute's Carl peace. wash them. and Joe didn't you borned Why it left toand and came manA young

girls to in dismay. up looked do dishes?"Bobby some "Me them. once became Atward Nancy

acutely conscious of her dusty overclear up dishes?"'The father looked up from his

alls, her disreputable straw hat. "Yes. Sister and I are busy. game. "I hope you are going to

"He's tall,"she thought, "taller "Gosh, that's worse than 'rithbehave better than that while sister than Pete and younger. Or perhaps metic and that's the worst they is. is gone."can't Carl?""Why is she going away, anythe way his hair is combed makes Why

at the Snatching excuse how?"an taller. his for tan Excepthim seem whittling v>ARL, was who off lingered. "If she with boy goes think seen never a heyou'd had his his airplane, looked on from up that swell she never won't guy comefarm."

floor, the sanctuary you on "No, she'd 'nen back. him marry Wish the called "Hello,"stranger

I this don't, nearly done."got I'd get to to teach drive."him meeasily.

to in."get broke have Joe "We passed, grumbling, into the He evening,"answerNancy "Good laid his aside book. Nancy "With kitchen, leaving breathlessness a beshortly.ed. Peter nodded will to learn have how."gone we hind. intent a Pete king was on is Porter? "Miss name My it take Well, from yeah? "Oh, to about Porter move. he was Mr.Wood,"girl a I'm not being me. Big Boy,

"to Pete looked back from and Nancy could only nod. Nancy Hope for nobody. again. in pounding, her poundingwas

throat. It brought light to her eyes, "You can't never tell what will

color to her cheeks. Was it posThe Advertisers, happen. Why aren't you two goit be with the others?"downsible—could possible after all and Where You Will F ind ing speaking? man was his gaze. Pete met—the

"Dad sent me around after you. Their Messages make it.""I couldn't

until could thought get he by Beneficial InsuranceHe Life Co a father For the stroked moment Back things got piled Cover butChris back have his chin. "In began, day,"he my -.132 Bennett Paint Glass & Co stillup. wouldn't work, want You couple..134 a loved other each "when University Brigham Youngwould you?"167 Poultry Colonial Farms the clean ambitious and boy was and

I? -. me."There was Try..191 "Would Daynes Music—Co mission a and been on had they

..190 Press Deseret incredibleassurance News doubt and and didn't to stop ask to they what had.-187 Excel-cis School Beautyrelief in grinher words. boy The get on. married started on They 165 134, Flour A-1 grin infectious that disGlobened; a wide..187 Hotel Lankershim nothing other,"helped each and

played even, wellcared-for teeth. [nterstate Brick Co...167

"Okay. Be after you at four in L. D. S. Business College..187 Dale who, apparently, had been

the morning. That's a ghastly hour Naylor, H. W. Co..189 lost in a book all evening spoke

School of Beauty Ogden fornothing suddenly—"and had raise will not Cainbut am Dad Culture -134 after."ever his mother's Meeting time. the breakfast ranchon by..183 Lines. Pacific Greyhound flushed gaze he but..134 astonished "tonight Polk, R. but—if I be backShould L. & Co He

lifted his shoulders in a shrug of inPorter-Walton Co..189 plunged recklessly on. "What about

of Culture..132 School Quish Beauty offspring? the Aren't numerous salutedifference a strode with and Station Radio KSL they at us to be considered? Look car. his to the watchedback They Inside Back - Cover for instance. chance No more - that followed -..132dust over Salt back him Co. Lake Stampthe soft road. Shell Oil Company than—

Inside Front Cover "Don't be reckless. Dale. Money dry.""First and bone of May Hard- & thing."the only jarred words Nancy The..129 isn't from Sugarware HouseCo Lumber

her dream. She met his indifference Utah Engraving Co..134 "Hooey. I've heard that so much

with disdain. "You would think of Utah Power & Light Co..165 I am sick of it. What do you ex-

..133 Refining Oil Utah Cothat."pect take could up You me to do?..133 State National Utah Bank

homestead. lucky Pete Even was Z...131 a C. "That is the important thing"right M. I

now. When do we eat? enough to buy a relinquishment. But

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 193 8

BECKONING ROADS The Work of the Teacher what can I do?"his voice rose to Pete rose abruptly. "Want to {Concluded from page 185)

with Curley?"me, tension. walk irritating what a way "Jstan

I laid her aside school. go to Nancy I do? I can'tcan sewing. As evening,time, possiblyor partonthena Sundayand partafternoonof some whenother

can't get work and if I stay on this they went out the front door they such a visit will not interfere with attendlousy dustbed until kingdomcome heard a voice from the kitchen, ance at meetings.

I'll never clear enough tO'make a "Ma, make Carl get busy. He Fix the time and place of meeting for

payment on a real place."won't wash the tins."the making of visits. Determine that the

shall in the be month, and done early canal of the they work bank haveOn the "Others it until forces necessity not left upon them. her breath caught Nancy he spread his arms paused. "My future,"in a condemnatory gesture—"this, at the scene before her. The brilThe Power of Prayer, Preparatory to

and reading the same book over and liance of a stardecked night was commencingthe fact that thehe evening'sis to teachvisitthingsin viewof theof over to keep from going cuckoo. softened by clouds moving ghostkingdom, the teacher should go before the

Even a radio that won't work. Unlike from the southwest. Sage, beLord and ask Him for aid and inspiration.

less,"his voice turned nasty, "I get yond the fences, that was gray and Nor would this wholly satisfy me, for I join to want companion and my in by would its monotony kids nerveracking of a bunch havemarried and petition, joint I feel there sure offer a when a veneer that with glad I'm day, was washed the monotony.to break perfect unity of be more purpose, would

Pete has nerve enough to not made of it fairy accoutrements of faith, of understanding, hence greater do it "Glorious,"she whispered. power for good when we shall enter the

this people. the of take need Nor "Let's hope those clouds mean homes Dale, "But, we—of time, minutes rebut but a few would

rose. boy He threw his book rain."The indoors place to be meeting the rather quire

on the chair with a thud. "I know With a half shrug she turned than upon a street corner.

what you did but I am living in a away but he caught her hand and different age. I'm not asking anypulled her to him. Through the dim jp< ><:> ><3X ><=>< >c>; ><c ><=>< >c:>< >c>( ><=K >cr>< ><=>< ><C3< ><'!

thing of anybody. All I want is a light his eyes questioned hers. A

that questioning something had in it for myself."dochance to He flung

of of yearning, something the slamming the room,himself from defiance. |F R E E!|

doordoor anarilvangrily behindbehind him.him "Shall we go with the others?""He'll feel better now,"Pete said "You forget we are not engaged GARDEN!

quietly. any longer."

joke. Shall "Don't all is right,""After he Nancy we go with IB K X O O READY NOW \ others?"the to night "Lastthought. I wanted

is oi concise, brimful dependdebt?"I about your shout. "What to vital doors Tonight the planting and?X Thisable bookinfoimation Qvslam

have work."Without answering, he waited.?X successardist. Gardeneroi everyor HomeFarmer.Owner,It containsOrchiQ

fleeting feeling a of illustrated beautiiully being 102 pages She had AX color. natural in yy to soul him; her of merging drawn

V FOR TODAY WRITE YOUR COPY Q A,.s Dale delivered his tihis; resting of in his strength. with

father's rade, had!! | straightened suddenShe "No."face1 CO. the, taken1 1 1 on PORTERWALTON

1look. a shoulders Nursery TTHis beaten Seed and weary protestingly. are asking j "You X() CITY, SALT LAKE SpecialistsUTAH Aimlessly with fumbled drooped. he because mother what dad and J "of checkerboard. the the on men gj

"As I was trying to tell Dale,""Certainly. Their experience

for she seenthe began, mother had counts for something your—and 'Dr. Nuyiors-i

s that the look her swept husband If be pleased. fgher would you MEDICATED "it is face, of the alone matter not a want.

start. to right has Viewpoint much soft dilators. Fit DILATORSsurface TEATonly If she did wanted. he The What

teats, large small overor not do factors over do with which it and want? eyes narrowed. you Her tear. stretch or dilators Dr. Naylor "Do

sterilized, for inare saturated water medicated, have no control,we it?"mean ointment. healing with carry Theystance."canal, teat the medication INTO "Absolutely."no half There was

heal. while tissues keep "I raised his Porter head. Mr. about her caught Spider, it. Nancy way for Safe teatand OPENdependable

guess after all it is the man and breath at the triumphal yielding that ScabObstructions.Teats, CutEasy& Bruisedto insert.Teats,Stay

teat. the Accept only genuine how he stands up to his problems. flooded his unyielding features. in

dilators. Naylor Dr. prosper conunder any all men after Some Perhaps he would $1.00 Dilators) PACKAGE (48 rather LARGE

.50 (18 Dilators) TRIAL PACKAGE do. ditions and some never his Some dictates heart. the of obey

make their own opportunity and "Old clothes, sunburn and everysome do fine when others point out thing?"UDDER BALM

the chance to them. The kind of "Just as we are."forudderandSoothing, healingteats. Possessesointment

softening, absorbing the same a wife is usually has me?''a man please the "To

in as properties the ointment thing that counts most. But I have is one "That Naylor Dr. Dilators reason."which

always been thankful for the little She laughed shortly. The man are packed. 9 ozs. 50 cents

in did the beginning. it. have tensed at the we of sound Dale's We

less since, have so but had her. much face rose before In her ears UDDERMADE WITHLINIMENTOLIVE OIL

even that hasn't been so bad."He was the sound of quarreling boys. A penetrating liquid application

looked at his wife with a face full Beyond, a road was beckoning. Her UDDER for the relief of swelling, inflamQuickly abcongestion. of appreciation, and added, shifted "I hope thoughts to another

sticky or greasy. Of face, LINIMENT mation,sorbed—not girl if the necessity ever comes our rose in the Her voice joy of choice, particular value to producers

will do as well."As he spoke, the of freedom. certified milk. PintcanSl.OOof

sick man's weariness dropped from "Thanks, Pete. But I no longer orAt byreliablemail postpaid.dealers

him. going To him there was but one liswant to. I am to work."H. W. NAYLOR CO., MORRIS. N.Y. tener. be continued) {To

Respond to These Advertisements and Mention the "Era"When You Do So. 189

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1938

Solution to February Puzzle Scriptural Crossword PuzzleNahum Foredooms Nineveh (Nahum 3:1)

ACROSS

1 "The burden of.... The book of 34 Means of transportation

the vision of Nahum the Elko35 "... can "stand before his indignation? shite"our 7 "God... jealous"37 "he... make an utter end of

9 Old Testament book the place thereof"10 Recoverers 39 "give unto them beauty for..."

14 "And after him... the son of 41 Rival

HiUel, a Pirathonite, judged 44 Lime tree; tile (anag.)

i CX'O 16 HavingIsrael"knowledge; costing (anag.) 4645 RegionPriority, a prefix

17 "Look upon mine affliction and 47 European snipe; near in (anag.)

my..."49 "... that thou incline thine ear

Preserve in bound volumes 18 Volcano unto wisdom"19 "hope which is... up for you"51 Public notices

the vast amount of valuable 21 "She is empty, and void, and..."52 "neither go to lament or...

23 Pertaining to an arm bone them"reading in your Era. 24 Symbol for Jesus 53 "and all.., great men were

25 Animal bound in chains"RopedHandsome/ durable cloth binding, 27 29 "let him seek peace, and... it"Our Text from Nahum is 1, 7, 19, 21,

stamped in gold, $2.00 per volume. 31 Old note 35, 37, 52, and 53 combined

32 Debatable SPECIAL PRICES FOR TEN OR DOVVN

MORE VOLUMES 1 A town of Benjamin Neh. 11: 34; 23 Hoof, as an owl

tall bean (anag.) 26 Eared; air duet (anag.)

BRING THEM IN NOW 23 NativeSea eagleAmericans 2830 FeminineBecause ofname;office reversed, a mas-

4 Brother of Odin (Norse Myth.) culine name

5 "or is there any taste in the white 33 "My... are in thy hands"

of an..."35 Complain

6 Mother of Samuel 36 David fought a winning battle 7 Inflow with the Syrians here 2 Sam. Deseret 8 Hunting dogs 10: 17'J'9 "stand in the... before me"38 Liberal Unionist

11 Shout of triumph 40 Servian weight 12 tree measure and Japanese 42 Sandarac (Morocco)JMews Press is the unto 13 "knowledge pastors that 43... unto him that "Woe be

29 Richards Street destroy and... my sheep"understandeth"

15 Name of five high priests in the 45 East Indian herb

Salt Lake City, Utah time between the two Testa48 "Art thou better than populous ments..., that was situate among

20 Old course for foot races the rivers"21 Man whose wife is dead 50 "... that the salvation of Israel

22 Compass point were come out of Zion"

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1938

AS YOUTH CONTEMPLATES AN ETERNAL PARTNERSHIP

{Concluded from page 139)

And the soul that is worth the honor of earth to propose to her because you cannot glimpse of the significance of such a

Is the soul that resists desire. offer her luxuries to which she has marriage. The bridegroom kneeling

By the cynic, the sad, the fallen become accustomed, I suggest that at the altar has in his heart the dearWho had no strength for the strife. a frank and open presentation to her est possession that a husband can

is curabered world's highwayThe reveal the today; of that might assurance your problem she who cherish—the of life. the items up makeThey

her. fact that in his, in places misjudging confidence, you are her hand that passion. virtue conquersBut the

And the sadness that hides in a smile, You might discover that she will in marriage, is as pure as a suntheIt is that these are worthy homage of willingly share poverty spotless your and the as snow beam—as earth, to fallen build help the your from home. If you heavens. newly He find while. but a them once inAnd we

into enter in a homebuilding with that assurance her purity has the

Young man, always remember spirit of love and sacrifice, some day and sweetness she typifies divine when you take your girl out to a you will say as Henry Ward Beechmotherhood. Now, young man, you

party that her father and mother er said: "We have a lovely home; tell me whether that assurance, that

trust her to you. She is their most it is fairly wellfurnished, and we complete faith and confidence, is not

precious possession. If they gave have a good income, but I would like worth everything else in the world.

you in trust a thousand dollars, you to live again those first two years And equally sublime is the assurwould not think of misusing it or when we rented one room in an attic ance the young girl has that the spending it. They are giving into and struggled together to make a man whom she loves, to whom

your keeping something which canpicnic of our life."she gives herself in marriage, comes

not be priced in money, and you are to her with that same purity and base indeed if you become disloyal A ND now a word about the eternity strength of character which she to that trust. May I give you a of the marriage covenant. Some brings to him. Such a union will

heart petal here? I remember my people question that too. But let's indeed be a marriage ordained of

father's admonition when I started look at the principle of it. Will you God for the glory of His creation.

in for the your most minds name me girl:in to court a teens young my is heritage, This your youth, as attribute soul? of divine the human that treat lady"David, young you eternal contemplate an partneryou It isn't girls, sympathy. be And haveas any boy young would you I ship, that realpray and you may careful to misled not be symby folsister."treat men, your Young it ize find true the and joy hapand

is to next pathy. True, sympathy will advice that go youlow and piness of ideal. a such cherished

it is is love, love. the but not Love life conscience with yourthrough

clear, and later in life you can say most divine attribute of the human truthfully that with all your missoul, and if you accept the immortakes, you have never wronged a tality of the soul, that is, if youwoman or told a lie. believe that personality persists after HEADQUARTERS

death, then, you must believe that lives. Isn't also that love sound? FOR ALL L D. S. that there are I know manyH, shall this: I ask you And Whom at look people such askance who love those recognize when we

Iideals. speaking But am now of wepersonalities in the next world?

realhappiness, only happiness—not love to are True, admonished we

of as copiesto youth, MUSICWrite to the following as for sample husband, you you love Yes, everybody. should we nevr publications wife, as to butor the a to you of light version the Condensed popular I but everybody now; you and know operastrength of happiness unborn and that love those know we whom wechildren. inherited have You CHIMES OF NORMANDY I best. I love seen her have whom Adapted by blood.strength pure beauty and and little life sacrifice for the J. Cornwall loved her Spencer

right of because you, have O. and RobinsonWhat W. I sat side have by whose ones—her restraint,selfishness lack of or a prayed yearned and together and ANTHEMS OF NEW BOOK pollute thatto of stream life and B. Cecil By Gates I shall darling. love our little over

shackle innocent, babe? unborn some offered mother I know my who her CHORUSES FOR MALE

is life for a higher purpose that being. Marriage I might have When VOICESthan for mere physical gratification. we meet these personalities in the Nevr arrangements by

J. Spencer Cornwall its divine shall as the reareternalIt has realm, purpose recognize we

for Mutuals, family.ing of a consumbecause them, and them Only by know Schools of Alsocieties,all Highmusic and CommunityRelief Somating this ideal can true and lastthese experiences in this life. And Performances.

ing happiness come. I fully realize that union of loving hearts will be sicians'Largest stocksuppliesof Sheetin theMusicIntermountainand Muwhatfacing—theeconomicproblemdifficultiesof gettingyouyourare weperpetuatedare married—sealed—forafter life. That is whytime West.

eternity.education, your meager income, and and

impossibility arethe seeming you dogma of the Church—itIt isn't justis aa truthmere Daynes Music Co.

facing of rearing a family. But, I fundamental to the life and happi47 South Main Street

repeat, that family responsibility is ness of all humanity. It is the part SaltSuccessorsLake City, toUtah

the dominant purpose of marriage. of wisdom to choose the House of Consolidated Music Company

Young man, if the girl with whom the Lord in which to plight your and you are in love lives in a home of love and to consecrate your vows. Daynes Beebe Music Company

comparative luxury, and you hesitate Let me conclude by giving you a

The Advertisers Who Support Your Magazi ne Merit Your Patronage. 191

ipMcamQu

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY A STEP IN THE RIGHT DIRECTION

little his but rusty mathematics a bishop on was GOOD are properly children said: that your "See Young THE BRIGHAM

sisters,""Brethren his sincerity undiminished. and was... their tongue. in the of mother rudiments educated

all tenth of to try said, a might with pay your he must "you their language, with well acquainted they become have When children, requires of the to so His Lord. Lord income The the treat let Sometimes other languages."study we them

faith "in "if the hesitated, and are yourbut—he weak and you neglect only like tongue; stepmother tongue a we not mother

fifth."all try to a tenth, cannot then a pay means by pay it, for also consideration the children proper our to teach we

neglect to study it for ourselves. Here's a beginning for your

thought: real is an adjective and never an adverb. Therefore "A MODERN INTERPRETATION"

"real if that of a habit you've in had saying the been have you cracked mush wheat out some week as I dished for my it a LAST to you've say: had better time,"change had good you

son, I quoted: nineyear-old is correct because real fellow"time."a "He's "very good

for.."to he instantly which "Nevertheless, wheat man. is therefore as an used "fellow"modifies the and "real"noun

adjective. added:

"And diet for ladies."

by Paul P. Ashworth, Salt Lake City, Utah. ERA INDEX FOR 1937 READY—Submitted

the preserve otherwise or to bind wish SUBSCRIBERS who SEEING LIGHT THE ALL secure a copy of 1937 Improvement Era volume may The are those, kind of sonny?"puppies Lady: "What KINDLY to written request index Imof making the annual by The

puppies."Gentile are Small Boy: "They City, Salt Street, and Lake 50 Era, Main North provement

fine."that's "Well, Kindly Man: for return postage address 3c stamp a enclosing and and name

later): "Well, sonny, Kindly (a few days how Same Man

MORE FOR SCOUTERS areSmallthe GentileBoy: puppies"Oh, theytoday?are Mormon puppies now."

Gentlemen: Kindly Man: "I thought they were Gentile puppies. Why

I certainly have enjoyed the Era during the past few the change?"

years. I usually read it from cover to cover. Small Boy: "Oh, they have their eyes open now."

As a Scoutmaster, I'm wondering if a little more couldn't Submitted by C. W. Johnson, Phoenix, Arizona.

to scouts. brief section devoted to the added be

I it of inspiration and guidance SPEAKING OF LAST NAMES believe a source be would to all scouters. LITTLE boy was telHng the story he had heard at Sunday

yours, Very sincerely about School and Lemuel and Nephi and Sam. Laman A

inquired. brother a little H. (Ross) Johnson. who?""Sam R.

Route No. 1, Firth, Idaho. "Why, Sam Hi, of course, Lehi's son,"the small chap replied...—Submitted by Effie A. Greene, Salt Lake City, Utah.

International News Service, REMOTE CONTROL

Los Angeles, Calif.

"... I want to congratulate you on the appearance of the

Era, your choice of material, makeup and picture display. It Zovyf

is now a firstrate magazine judged by any standards—interesting, colorful, informative and bright.

"Sincerely yours, (Signed) "Ralph B. Jordan,"

Pacific Coast Manager.

SOUTH AFRICAN MISSION Mowbray, C. P., South Africa.

* * A LL OF the missionaries look forward to the arrival of the - Era and we are proud to show it to our many friends.

Its appearance and the wonderful reading matter contained make it one of the best arguments that we can use in showing the accomplishments of our great Church. May our Heavenly

Father continue to bless you in this great work.

"Yours sincerely, Perfection will be reached when the automobile can be made (Signed) "Legrand P. Backman,"foolin-theother-carproof. Arkansas Gazette.

President of the South African Mission. EPIDEMIC?

Colfax, Illinois, 44 MOTHER, I just can't go to school today."

Dear Brethren: Nov. 4th, 1937. "Why?"

feel don't well?"of "I the to delighted read anniversary number been **T HAVE

don't feel well?"you "Where the * of the Era. only member Improvement The

Selected. school.""In of miles within Church many myI amhome.

Perhaps there are many who now live in established wards VERY SORRY of the and have Church in a sable coat if within they lived who, myall surroundingsthe advantageswithof peoplethe Gospel,of all ONboardeda rainya daystreeta car.muchjeweled woman

other religious faiths, I am sure would not only have a deeper "I don't suppose I've ridden on a street car for two years,"appreciation of all Church publications, but of the Gospel plan she informed the conductor, a gloomy fellow, as she gave him itself. her fare. "I ride in my own car,"she explained.

I am Sincerely, The conductor punched her ticket. "You don't know how

Melbourne Sharpless, much we've missed you,"he said quietly.

RUSSEL STEWART

GLElW SHAV/ LEONARD STRONG

THESE ARE THE VOIOS OF KSL

"This program has come to you from KSL ability to make you feel his interest in you and in Salt Lake City. Your announcer is in your radio entertainment.

When the program comes from KSL the In a series of advertisements designed to voice of your announcer is familiar, and a friendly acquaint you with the personnel of "The Voice one.... For the voices of KSL belong to of the West", KSL wants you first to meet Its

announcers who feel a friendship to you and a announcing staff. These are candid camera picpride in the station they represent.

tures of the announcers actually at work. When

KSL, too, is proud of its announcers. For they are not on the microphone, they spend their

they are a group of exceptional men. They have time "reading the dictionary", rehearsing procome from college... from the stage... from grams, studying scripts, experimenting with new

business offices... from the concert stage... program ideas.

from the school room. Each has been selected

for his friendly voice, for his sincerity, for his These, then, are the voices of KSL.

ROY DRUSHALL WAYNE RICHARDS LYNN McKINLAY ALBERT SOUTHWICK

WALLY SANDACK RICHARD EVANS WILLIAM POST

MiimQ—LandoffVorldFamous Wonders

IDAHO—Typifying the spirit of the real west, BENEFICIAL AGENTS IN IDAHO

LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY offers congratulations to the L. D. GREENWOOD, General Agent

Southeast section of your great state which has added so Idaho Office, 208 Jennie Rogers Bldg., Idaho Falls

much to the history and development of the West. Your M. S. Armstrong, Idaho Falls Sanford W. Judd, Idaho Falls

City S. Johnston, Teton O. Buchanan, Blackfoot M. mighty hydroelectric projects, the cultivation of your lands Var Shelley Larson, Clark, Driggs Raphael Amacy

for crops, the development of your mining, and your vast O. S. Cordon, Rigby E. Stanley Miller. Gooding

scenic vacation lands have made you an important part of the Chas. A. Cox, Shelley Ezra Murdock, Driggs

intermountain territory. You have overcome great obstacles, Edwin F. Davis, Downey M. O. Poulson, Idaho Falls

Falls Richins, J. Twin W.

E. H. Sorensen, Rexburg and it is the part of Beneficial Life Insurance Company to Wm.M. P. H.Hutchings,Francis, PocatelloIdaho Falls

serve you faithfully in your needs. We admire your scenery, Mark S. Wood, Burley Arthur T. Watson, Twin Falls

your cities, along with your spirit which is progressive! Wm. A. Strong, Driggs

1. The beauty of pines, clouds and lake are familiar sights in the vacation wonderland of Idaho. 2. The roaring and

spectacular Twin Falls, Twin Falls, Idaho. (C. E. Bisbee photo) 3. Sugar beet raising is an important side to agriculture

in the state. 4. Striking action of skiing at the famous Sun Valley resort of the Union Pocific Railroad in Idaho. (Union

Pacific photo)

IMSVMA

Home Office—Beneficial Life Building. Salt Lake City, Utah

HEBER J. grant. President