Southern Pacific Lines

offer Special Winter Excursion Rates

TO LOS ANGELES AND RETURN BOTH QCfl Kfl

WAYS VIA SAN FRANCISCO l)0Ui 3U

TO LOS ANGELES VIA SAN FRANCISCO

RETURNING DIRECT OR ROUTE CO flf] Q REVERSED S>J U U

PROPORTIONATELY LOW FARES FROM ALL OTHER POINTS IN

UTAH, IDAHO AND MONTANA STOPOVERS ALLOWED AT ALL POINTS

TICKETS ON SALE DAILY FINAL RETURN LIMIT 8 MONTHS FROM DATE OF SALE

For complete information, tickets and reservations, call write or phone

PRESS BANCROFT, GENERAL AGENT 41 SOUTH MAIN STREET SALT LAKE CITY

PHONES WASATCH 3008—3078

substitute for Life Insurance No can be found until you find a Remedy for Death

Our modern upto-date contracts afford complete protection.

Our insurance in force including the Double Indemnity feature has passed the $38,747,867 mark.

Our Premiums and Interest Income now total between

SEVEN AND EIGHT HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS

PER ANNUM InterMountain Life Insurance Company

J. O. CARTER, President

Home Office, Twelfth Floor Continental Bank Building Salt Lake City, Utah

A few intelligent men to enter the salesmanship field desired.

Thorough instructions given

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Sea Gull

Pert harbinger of Spring, Your welcome scream, as when the Pioneer

First saw your form and stately spreading wing,

Provides us peace and cheer!

What urge, through deserts long,

O'er mountain range, from peaceful ocean west,

Induces you without a fear of wrong

To come so far to nest?

What power directs your flight,

Or guides your thousand miles to Inland sea;

Guards you from lurking dangers of the night;

Proclaims your liberty?

In lofty style and zest, To her preempted rock she proudly glides,

Her chosen Summer home and season's rest,

Her nestlings at her sides.

This seems her answer there:

"Protection, nature and the urge of life

Lead me with joy to all this work and care,

And fit me for the strife."

May He who rules so teach Our lives, as with the bird, to trust His mind,

That in our toil and service we may reach

The goal, our joy to find.

Edward H. Anderson.

**Jwfc

Photos by Dr. Charles G. Plummer.

GULLS ON HAT (BIRD) ISLAND, GREAT SALT LAKE

Above: A gull just alighting. "To her preempted rock she proudly

glides."Picture made at a speed of 1/350 of a second.

Below: A gull with four chicks on her outlook. Rarely more than two

or three chicks are reared in each family.

Improvement Era

Vol. XXX APRIL, 1927 No. 6

THE SEA GULL

Thousands of California sea gulls arrive upon the islands of the Great Salt Lake every Spring from the Pacific ocean, to build their nests and rear their young. The sea gull is protected by law in

Utah. Its main home for the season in the Great Salt Lake is Hat

Island, locally known as Bird Island. These gulls, with the great

blue heron and the white pelican, make up a community rookery each year which is of great interest.

Gull parents preempt certain outstanding rock promontories each year as their outlook. Their nests are close besides these limestone

upthrusts. They fight viciously to maintain their right of occupancy.

Dr. Plummer saysi that the birds are very quarrelsome and particular as

to their rights, and there is absolutely no sociability among them, each pair acting for themselves and young, and doing nothing to help their neighbors.

It is unusual for a mother gull to hatch and rear all four of her "clutch"of eggs, but our frontispiece proves that it is sometimes done. Gulls mate for the entire season. Many have an idea that

they do so for life, but this has not been proved. They fend off any

interloper who may come nosing around their particular place, which is chosen for each season. The gulls never feed any chicks but their

own.

Gulls are found on Gunnison, White Rock and Egg Islands, as well as upon Hat Island, but never in so large numbers as upon the latter. Upon these islands there is no water, save that which

comes from rain; and the birdlings receive their food as it is carried

to them by their parents. The parents forage for miles around, some

having been found two hundred sixty miles from the lake, hunting for forage. The plowed fields of our mountain valleys afford happy

feeding grounds for the gulls in Spring and Fall, on which they alight to eat the worms and pests, and gather food for their young. The

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter.

Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of October 3, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918, $2 per annum.

Address Room 406, Church Office Building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

490 IMPROVEMENT ERA

little birds remain on their nesting place until the parents return, never leaving the spot.

In their regular habitat, they are likewise ornamental and use ful to man. Neltje Blanchan, in Birds Worth Knowing, says:

"In the wake of the garbage scows that put out to deep water from the harbors of the sea coast and Great Lakes where our large cities are situated, and following the ocean liners for the food thrown overboard from the ship's galleys; or resting in the estuaries of the larger rivers where

the refuse floats down towards the tide, flocks of strongwinged gulls may be seen hovering about with an eye intently fastened on every living speck.

Enormous feeders, gulls and terns cleanse the waters. Millions of these

graceful birds that enliven the dullest marine picture have been sacrificed for no more worthy end than to rest entire or in mutilated sections on women's hats! But now that the people begin to understand what birds

do for us, a happier day is dawning for them all."

The sea gull has become a sacred bird in Utah, owing to the miracle of their saving the crops of the early Pioneers, a story well known in all the land, and of which the monument in Salt Lake

City, on the Temple grounds, is a memorial. No person can look

upon that monument without being reminded of the earnest prayers of the Pioneers to God for their protection, and of the marvelous way in which the Lord sent an answer to their pleadings.

With this introduction, the reader will find interest in the splendid oneact play, which is printed for the first time in this issue of the Era, and which won the prize in the Improvement Era contest held in 1926.—A.

The Gulls

They sail the sky like white ships,

Dancing on heaven's sea;

And the sunshine and the Spring's bloom

Embrace their wonderings free.

Oh, bright be their glistening wings in the sun,

And glad their triumphant call;

Nor the day's stress, rior the night's gloom.

Shall conceal them, circling all.

Graywinged messengers they are,

From the lake sands, on treacherous days;

Strongwinged harbingers of God's great love;

Vivid exemplars of His mighty ways.

Liberty, Idaho EZRA J. POULSEN

Tale of the Sea GullsA Modern Miracle—A

In the desert lands of Utah, In the long and long ago, Men had fashioned an oasis, Made the living waters flow From the great flumes in the mountains.

Fed by God's eternal snow;

Fashioned channels for the water,

Which to many an orchard go.

Fair the fields and rich the harvests

That resulted from their toil;

Till a plague of hosts of locust

Did the fertile field despoil.

Gathered in their meeting houses.

With a simple faith and trust,

Prayers and pleadings to the Father

Of us all, so wise and just, Poured from lips of men and maidens.

Lisping child and greybeard sire.

That the locust curse be lifted.

Was the burden of desire.

"If it be thy will,"they pleaded

Lo, the flutter of a wing!

Then a mighty cloud in heaven Veiled the sun; and everything

Was as if a sudden twilight Fell upon the stricken land;

Hearts grew none among them chill—for

Could begin to understand.

492 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The shrill calling of the sea gull

Showed the cloud a living thing;

Like a myriad of bright angels

Were the sea gulls on the wing.

Soon the ground was grey and gleaming,

As a sudden fall of snow;

While God's answer, swift in coming,

Bade the plague of locusts go.

Soon the sea gulls had devoured

Every locust in the land.

That the Lord had heard and answered.

No one failed to understand.

So the "Garden of the Desert,"

Land of Utah, fair to see, Wrote this law upon her tablets:

That there never more should be

Slaughter of a gull in Utah It should be a sacred bird, Token of a speedy answer To the prayers which God had heard.

Days of miracles are ended?

Or, perhaps, were never here?

God finds ways to send an answer

To the pleas that reach his ear.

Cedar Falls, Iowa. MARGARET BALL DICKSON

A MODERN DESERT RANGER

THE RESCUE* A OneAct Drama of Early Utah Days (Prize winner in the Improvement Era ShortPlay Contest, 1926)

By Annie D. Palmer

CHARACTERS (In order of their appearance)

Julia Harris A modest "Mormon"Maiden

Mrs. Amanda Harris Julia's mother

Uncle Mose An old Pioneer Tabby An Indian Percy Boyle A sturdy Pioneer son

Clifford Stetson A young stranger on his way to California

Mr. Harris Julia's father

I, f The Harris children Harry -Julia's "big brother"Katherine Jensen A recent convert

Costumes of Pioneer time.

Scene: Interior of a pioneer home—bare floor, homemade furniture.

A door, left center, opening into the front yard. Window, center back. An

old piece of lace curtain partly covers window. A door, upper deft, leading

into sleeping room. A door, right, leading to the wood pile. A fireplace, lower left; a small rocker in front of it, and a stool down at left

corner. Table at center back, in front of window; two chairs, cowhide

bottom, at each end of table. A box cupboard, made in two divisions, one

for dishes and the other for materials, in upper right corner. A faded'

piece of cloth serves as doors for upper division. A big armchair is down

right; an old washstand at right second entrance, below the door, on which

;tis a wash basin. A water bucket sits on a stool at the right of the stand

a dipper hangs on a nail above the bucket.

(At rise of curtain, Mrs. Harris is discovered seated in small

rocker (L.), mending Ned's jeans trousers, Julia, engaged in finishing

the breakfast dishes, is humming, "Hard Times Come Again No

More.") Mrs. H. I wish you would not hum that song, dear. It makes me

so sad.

Julia. Does it, Mother? It, makes me feel hopeful and cheery;

as if 1 might sing trouble away. But I won't sing it any more, if

you don't like it. (Wiping the last of the dishes and putting them

into cupboard.)

Mrs. H. Dear girl! I wish you could sing trouble away—

always. Such hearts as yours were made for happiness, not for worry

and care. And, yet, worry and care are what come, day after day,

day after day.

*Copyright, 1927, by General Board Y. M. M. I. A. for The Improvement Era. All rights reserved.

(**WA M.''*

1 Jfc& -j3fljjB

''"Bi

.. fff:! |,M J. Hf

;V V, V v.'; i'

< m Wm THE RESCUE 495

Uncle Mose. (Enters, door L., wipes perspiration off face as he

enters and sits on bench in front of table.) Whew! Mebby they're

right, but I can't see a darn bit of use in fightin'against sich heavy odds. Whew! They're forty thousand to the square inch, an'

doublin'their number every minit. I knowed very well this place

wasn't fit for the Saints. The very day we drove in here I seen

three big rattle snakes, an'every one facin'the risin'sun. I told

old lady Swanberg about it, an'she said it was a sure sign of somethin'. Ef I'd knowed it was a sign of these blasted crickets, I'd a

walked all the way back to the Missouri barefoot, afore I'd a stayed to see the day. Ha, ha, ha, ha! Ike Jones has got a big log rigged

up for a roller, an'he's sure makin'mincemeat out of some of 'em.

Julia. (Wiping and putting away the iron knives and forks.)

Why don't they make more rollers, Uncle Mose?

Mose. Waal, some folks think they can do more with the flail,

an'some are tryin'fire. It's all the same. They're as thick as the

flies in the pest of Egypt, an'they won't be stayed until they've got every green thing in the valley. I seen a "F"on six out of a dozen

oak leaves I examined last night; and that's the first letter of "Famine,"

as I remember.

Julia. (Throws the dishwater out, door R., and hangs the dishpan on nail at end of cupboard.)

Mrs. H. The Lord can send deliverance, Mose.

Mose. Yes, he can; but if the rest of the folks is as cussed mean

as I be, they haint no big reason why he should. It seems like when

I look at the black pests out yonder, I jest nachelly forgit about the

Lord, an'remember only the devil. Let's see. (Rising.) I most

fergot what I come after. Hev you got a cup you can let me take to

dip up a pail of Water for the men to drink? I only fetched the

buckets, and the water's so scarce I can't dip 'em half full. Seems like

Peter Brown must a watered his oxen jest afore I got down.

Julia. (Handing dipper which she got from nail above the

water bucket at right second entrance.) Here is a cup, Uncle Mose.

Mose. Thank you. Comin'out purty soon?

Mrs. H. I am coming, Mose. (Putting -away her sewing.)

Mose. Waal, I wouldn't ef I was you. (Going to door, upper

L. C.) It ain't a bit of use. (Exit.)

Julia. Mother, you are weary. You watch the baby, and let me

go out to the field. I am stronger than you.

Mrs. H. Your father will give up if I do not stand by to encourage him. I must go for that, if for no other reason. I think

baby will sleep. (Goes into room, L.)

Julia. Mother looks so tired. I wish she would let me go.

Mrs. H. (Enters, putting on sunbonnet.) Things can't go on

like this forever. The crickets must be killed, or there will be nothing

left worth fighting for. It's a case of life or death for the whole

community; and no one can give up because of being tired. My

496 IMPROVEMENT ERA

constant prayer is that we may get rid of the pest so that we may not starve. (Exit, door L. C.)

Julia. (Following mother to door.) Don't stay too long,

Mother. (Commences to sing chorus of "Hard Times."Goes to cupboard and gets checkerboard tablecloth and is spreading it on table,

when Indian appears at window. Julia shows fear, then checks herself;

goes on humming, while she gets a crocheted tidy, puts it on table, gets a tallow candle in tin stand and places it on tidy in center of table.)

Indian. (Enters, and stands just inside of door, which he closes,

and stealthily watches Julia as she finishes with the candle:) Biscuit!

Julia. (Indicating chair.) Sit down.

Indian. (Sitting on floor.) White squaw heap good. Me

heap hungry. Biscuit!

Julia. White squaw heap hungry, too. White pappoose heap

hungry. Bye an'bye biscuit all gone. Cricket eat wheat. You

savey?

Indian. Me savey. Bye bye white man all gone. Dead. White

habe dead. White wickeup—mesquaw dead. White pappoose—all

'em. Me big chief. Biscuit!

Julia. No. White pappoose eat biscuit. All gone.

Indian. (Angrily rises.) You lie! Biscuit! Me heap

hungry! crickets. (IndicatJulia. Look! My father—my mother—kill

ing flaying pf crickets.) You help. You kill 'em. Purty soon

come dinner. I give you back—have dinner—biscuit.

back, heap more. Indian. No good kill clickets—all same—come

hungry, heapInjun no kill 'em. No good. Injun hungry—heap

sick, heap bread! mad—want

Julia. We have no bread.

Indian. You lie! Me steal (He starts toward 'em—pappoose.

door where baby is. Julia screams and places herself before the door.

Indian stands back, \grunting triumphantly. Percy enters, from side

door, right, with bag of greens.)

Percy. Hello, Tabby. Not gone yet?

Indian. No; not gone. Maybe tomorrow go. Hungry.

Percy. Sure. Have you any bread, Julia?

Julia. No; and very little flour.

Indian. Give me flour.

Percy. Better divide, Julia.

Julia. (Coming to Percy.) We shall all go hungry as it is.

Percy. It is the policy of President Young, you know. Better

to feed the Indians than to fight them.

Julia. I guess President Young is right, too. (Goes to cupboard, gets flour from an Indian jar, and divides it with the Indian,

putting his portion in an old buckskin bag which he hands to her.)

Indian. More. Me like more; heap more.

Percy. No! Goodbye, Tabby. (Julia puts jar back in cupboard.)

THE RESCUE 497

Indian. Goodbye. Me go. Maybe so come back. (Exit, door

L. C.) Percy. That's mustard greens. (Pointing to sack on floor, R.)

I heard your mother say she was tired of pigweeds.

Julia. (Taking a handful from sack.) How fine! Will you

stay for dinner?

Percy. I should say not! Not after giving your flour away.

Besides they'll count me a shirker, even now, for coming late. I

shall not stop for dinner. Julia (coming close to her), if you'll only

promise to be my wife, some day, I could go without flood till harvest time. (Clifford is seen at window.)

Julia. Will there be a harvest, Percy?

Percy. Surely. God brought his people to this land, away

from those who sought to destroy us. He did not bring us here

to starve.

Julia. Your faith is like mother's. If I could feel that way!

(Slowly crosses to left.)

Percy. I am quite willing to stake my happiness on the outcome. Dearest, (going to her*) will you marry me at harvest time,

if there is a harvest?

Julia. (Slowly turns to him; places her hands tenderly on his

shoulders.) Yes, Percy; at harvest time, if there IS a harvest.

Percy. (Taking her in his arms and kissing her.) Then my

happiness is assured. Now, I must go and help MAKE the harvest.

(Turns to go; almost runs into Uncle Mose.)

Uncle Mose. (Entering.) Ha! ha! I knowed you'd be here,

Percy boy. (Hands \dipper to Julia.) Thanks for the dipper. Ha!

ha! Cap'n Jim got to cussin'because Joe Slocum hit me across the

legs an'knocked me down instead of killin'about forty crickets with the same stroke. Ha! ha! If Cap had counted the critters

I set down on I reckon he wouldn't a been out much. Ha! ha!

Gittin'mad seems to be Jim's main business this mornin'—hunger

sort o'gittin'on his spine, I he sent me out after recruits guess—so

to get me out of the way.

Percy. I was coming, Uncle Mose. (Starting towards door.)

Mose. Yes; an'so's barley harvest. But not jest now. (Sitting

on bench; business of sitting down favoring his lame leg. Julia goes

to him and helps him.) They's got to be some settlin'up—ort

down, either one takes place. I sure knowed you'd mebby—afore

be here.

Julia. How did you know that, Uncle Mose? (Sitting with

him on bench.)

Mose. Waal, ye see, I'd seen yer pa an'ma, Ian'the balance

of yer family at the killin'an'I figured that would leave you here alone. An'then purty seen Percy cut across the soon—waal—I

lower field an'come down. So I just reasoned that seein'as how

Percy was not yet out there in the field, more'n likely he was here.

498 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Percy. Shall we go, Uncle Mose? (At door.)

Mose. I'll go, boy. (Rises.) But ef I was you I wouldn't

leave the most interestin'moment of my life for the sake of a few hundred crickets more or less.

Julia. Will there be a harvest, Uncle Mose?

Mose. There's at least a threshin,'the way them infernal pests

is being flailed—ha.

Julia. But I mean a harvest of grain.

Mose. Only Providence can answer that. Old lady Swanberg

was sayin'this mornin'that fer every hundred crickets killed, they's ten thousand bred and born. So it don't look very promisin'for

the wheat crop.

Percy. But there MUST be a wheat crop, Uncle Mose. Come

on, let's join the fray. (Puts hand on Mose's shoulder and urges him

out. Exit, both, door U. L.)

Julia. (Follows them to door; stands in doorway, leaning

against door, her hands back of her head.) How pitifully hard they

labor! O Father in heaven, save us from this pest, and grant to us

our harvest!

Clifford. (Appears at door, right; partly enters.) I began to

think they would never go. May I come in?

Julia. I thought you had gone to California. Why—yes.

(Comes to center.)

Clifford. (Enters.) And were you glad?

Julia. Well, no. But

Clifford. I dare not ask if you were sorry. (Comes to center.)

You must pardon the rudeness of listening at your window. I

heard your promise to Percy Boyle.

Julia. You heard my promise, and yet you

Clifford. There is yet a chance for me. You promised to

become his wife at harvest. Miss Harris, there will be no harvest in

this Godforsaken place. Nothing awaits you here but starvation.

Why, even before this black pest appeared, the ground was so parched and dry that no crop could mature; and I crossed the now—why,

lower fields where the crickets have been, and every vestige of plant life is destroyed as completely as if it had been swept by fire.

Julia. But there are still many acres untouched. The crickets

are burned and driven into the water and beaten down by thousands.

Clifford. And they are increasing by millions. Nothing could

if to the. goldbe more hopeless. Come with me—on fields—or,

you prefer, back to the comfort and luxury of civilization. There

will be no harvest.

Julia. But my parents! Oh, there must be a harvest! Think

of their hard and ceaseless toil. What father has accomplished in

the few months since we came here is marvelous. This entire field

he has cleared of sage brush. Every tree on the place he has planted.

Every canal he has dug. Every log in the house he has brought from

THE RESCUE 499

the canyon. Every article of its furniture he has made or gotten in

exchange for labor. And besides he has guarded Indians by night and

worked at making roads and bridges by day.

Clifford. And to what avail? This is no place to make a home.

A man is crazy even to think of spending his life in a place so desolate and barren. These mountains will prove an eternal barrier to civilization. The salt of that inland sea will keep the entire valley as waste

as the Sahara Desert. The canyons and ravines will always be the

abode of savages, coyotes, and rattle snakes.

Julia. Mr. Stetson, I beg of you, spare me from listening to

more Clifford. Pardon me; but I know this country. I have ridden

over miles of its desert soil. It is a hopeless waste. And nothing but

starvation awaits those who are foolish enough to remain here. I love

you, Julia; and I cannot go away and leave you here to perish.

Julia. From your viewpoint, Mr. Stetson, I know you are

right. But my people came to this valley guided by the inspiration

of heaven. Our prophet leader recognized this place as soon as he

saw it as the one he had seen in vision, and with firm decision and prophetic voice he designated the spot where our temple shall be built.

Clifford. Those are fairy tales, Julia. Other people have

come here without heavenly guidance.

Julia. And other people have gone on their way. We are here

to stay, Mr. Stetson; and God will preserve us. He sent manna to feed

the children of Israel in the wilderness; and I feel assured that he will

help us to save the grain fields.

Clifford. It can be only by miracle; and the days of miracles are

past.

Julia. Mr. Stetson, I beg of you to go. The faith of my parents is very dear to me, and any man is unwelcome who seeks to

destroy it.

Clifford. At least you might be as generous to me as you

were to Percy Boyle. For the happiness of your parents as well

as yours, promise me that you will go with me in case there IS NO

HARVEST. (Going close to her and leaning over her.) Let me save

you and your family from starvation.

Julia. (Hesitates.) what should I say! I—I—oh,

Clifford. (Pulling her toward him tenderly.) Say, yes, I beg

of you! I love you, Julia. I cannot go without you. I have wealth.

Let me take you away from all this, back to a land of comfort and plenty! Will you go with me if there is no harvest?

(Gently pulling away from him.) Now go, please. (Crosses—yes!Julia. (Slowly looking into his eyes.) If there is no harvest

and stands in front of arm chair, R.)

Clifford. I know you will keep your word. In one more week

the devouring pest will have finished the job. (Goes to door, U. L.)

Look: Already the older men, weary of the fight, are giving up in

despair and leaving the fields!

500 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Julia. (Folds her hands, looks up.) Oh, Father in heaven,

preserve us! (Sinks into chait.)

Clifford. Your parents are coming. Your father looks ill.

Julia. (Rushes to door.) Oh, what can be the matter? Please

go. Your presence here would annoy father. (Urging him toward

door, right.)

Clifford. (Going.) I shall arrange for our departure and return

in time to save you. (Eixts, door R.) (Enter Mr. and Mrs. H.

Julia brings chair for Mr. H., who sinks wearily upon it. Julia

fans him with his hat.)

Julia. What is the matter, father?

Mr. H. Some water, child. (Julia brings water in tin cup.)

Mrs. H. It is the heat, and the long hours of hard workBesides, your father has eaten so little of late since he began to fear

for the crop.

Julia. Mother, do you think there will be—a—harvest?

Mrs. H. God will preserve us, my daughter.

Julia. But how, mother? me your bonnet, I Surely—givemust help to fight the pest. We must win! The harvest must come!

(Takes bonnet.)

Mr. H. There is no use. The more we kill, the thicker they get.

Julia. And yet, somehow, Father, I feel that something will

deliverance will surely come. (Starts for door.)happen—that

Mose. (Exhibits a very large cricket as he enters.) Ha! ha! ha!

ha! Look at that! Nearly three inches from tip to tip, an'had the

gall to hop right into my shirt bosom. Ef it hadn't ben fer a good

wad of terbacker 'at blocked the way, he'd a jumped right into my mouth.

Julia. (Shocked.) You chewing tobacco? Uncle Mos'e!

Mose. The Lord sure preserved me by the hand of mine enemies

that time. The old lady Swanberg says she cooked a couple of

the darn things Julia. On purpose, Uncle Mose?

Mose. Accidently got mixed up with the greens.

Julia. Oh, Mother, Percy brought you some mustard greens.

(Points to sack. Mrs. H. takes sack and exits, door at right!)

Mose. About this here terbacker. I ain't chawed none since

I left the Missouri, till the other day I seed that young itnfidel that's ben hangin'around here chawin', an'my mouth got to waterin'so dern baid, I up and ast him for a chew, an'he jest handed me the plug an'said, "Here, keep the change,"an'so I had a mouthful when this specimen blowed in.

Julia. Why, Uncle Mose! You should have helped "the infidel"to see the light, instead of yielding to wrong with him.

Mose. Yes, I know, honey. The blind lead the blind and

both fall into the ditch. But these gol derned weaknesses of the

flesh, they Julia. NO MORE TOBACCO, Uncle Mose.

THE RESCUE 501

Mose. All right, honey; here goes. (Throws it out of door.)

Hop onto that, you dern cricket, an'I recken that'll put an end to you.

Mrs. H. (Enters, door R., with pan of greens. Sits in chair, L.,

and prepares them.)

Julia. Good! Come on now. Father will be better when he

has rested. I must take his place in the ranks. (Exit Julia and

Mose.).

Mr. H. I must try to get back to the field. I am ashamed of

my weakness.

Mrs. H. But you are so faint and weary.

Mr. H. It was mostly of seeing my children hungry. fear—fear

(Wipes his eyes.) God forgive know too well what it means. me—I

I have tried it.

Mrs. H. Yes, dear; and you are trying it now, again. I think

you have scarcely tasted bread since the crickets came. But we must

have courage yet. The darkest hour is sometimes just before the

dawn.

Mr. H. Do you think, Amanda, that Julia is in love?

Mrs. H. Yes, she told me so.

Mr. H. There may be deliverance for her through her marsee no other way.riage—I

Mrs. H. I do not understand.

Mr. H. The young man could take us all back where home—to

there are no crickets. pests—like

Mrs. H. How could he do that? He is as poor as the rest

of us, and if I am not mistaken his faith is as dear. I think Percy

would die for his religion.

Mr. H. Percy? Percy? I was not thinking of Percy. I was

can help us.thinking of that other young man—someone who

Mrs. H. (Rising.) Do you mean that you are ready to sell

our daughter to a man outside the Church? Tha,t after leaving your

parents, your home, your friends, and everything you hold dear, and coming here to live your religion unmolested, that you would turn your back on it all, and go back to the land of your persecutors?

Banish the thought! The faith that gave me strength to walk these

weary stretches across the plains and brought me to Zion will help me to endure famine and privation, if necessary; but I would rather

starve than to see a child depart from the way of eternal life. (Puts

greens on table.)

Mr. H. But if God forsakes us! (Rises; goes to door, L.)

Mrs. H. (Follows him to door; puts her arm around him.) He

never will, unless we forsake Him! Look! What are those whitewinged birds flying over the fields?"

Mr. H. Ah, me! Ah, me! Still another source of destruction.

Those monstrous birds will make short work of what the crickets have not already destroyed. Why, they are as big as chickens, and

as numerous as the crickets! There is no use in prolonging the fight.

(Comes down to arm chair.) Colonel Bridger was right. Nothing

502 IMPROVEMENT ERA

will grow. Nothing can ever grow. (He sinks into chair and

buries face in hands.)

Mrs. H. (In door, looking upwards.) O Father in heaven,

hear our the grain our children need for sustenance! prayers—preserve(Comes down; sits in chair, L., weeps.)

Mose. (Entering dejectedly.) I knowed it! I jest knowed some

gol durned thing would happen! Them birds is sure agoin'to do

things to a finish! They're gobblin'up the grain as fast as our

old gray gobbler used to gobble up bran mash. We might as well

take life left of it. (Takes chair from end of table; easy—what's

brings it to center.) They ain't no use fightin'birds an'crickets

to mention Injuns. I guess we come here at the wrongtoo—not

time of the moon. With that ole owl a hootin'every night, too,

we ought to a had more sense. An'to cap it all, Percy Boyle come

in at your back door, not more'n half an hour ago, an'like a durn fool went out the front. Old lady Swanberg says that always brings

bad luck. I thought mebby his bringing'in somethin'to eat 'ud

break the spell; but I guess greens is different. Seems like nothin'

makes any difference, anyhow.

Mrs. H. Are the birds still coming?

Mose. Yeh. Still comin'. An', by gum, they're comin'so

fast that in a couple of hours they'll be robbin'your children in you're own dooryard. This all comes of my crazy temper—gettin'mad after a warty toad crossed my path last week. Old lady Swanberg told me that sumpthin'would happen. Seems like I never will

learn to hold my cussed temper.

Mrs. H. You are not to blame for the calamity, Uncle Mose.

Those old superstitions are not in line with the teachings of the

Church. Heaven has sent this to test our faith.

Mose. Well, it would'nt a ben necessary, ef it hadn't a ben

fer my cussedness. Old lady Swanberg says I ort to be ashamed to

I guess mebby she's right.dwell among the Saints—an'

(Ned and Mary enter and take places at their father's side.)

Mary. Daddy, the field is just covered with big birds; and

they're eatin'things up a lot faster'n the crickets did. They jest

gobble, gobble, gobble.

Ned. We can't kill half the birds, daddy. We can't kill 'em

in a million years.

Mr. H. (Putting his arms around the children.) Dear little ones!

Dear, dear little ones! (Weeps.)

Mary. Don't feel bad, daddy. Maybe the ravens will bring

us bread, like they did Elijah.

Ned. There ain't any ravens in this country; is there, daddy?

Mary. Well, there's magpies, anyway. An'them big birds

in the field, too.

Ned. Yes; but where could they get any bread?

(Enter Katherine with Julia. Julia goes to her mother.)

THE RESCUE 503

Julia. There will be no harvest! (Kisses her, they embrace and

weep.) Mose. > I knowed it! (Dashes tears away with the back of his

hand. Rises, takes out an old bandanna kerchief and blows his nose

with a trumpet sound. Goes over to bucket at R, and gets a drink

to cover his emotion. Katherine sits on stool at fire place, lower L.,

with her hands in her lap looking down dejectedly. Mrs. H. sits

in rocking chair, L., and wipes her eyes with her apron. Julia goes to

bench in front of table, center back, and sits with her head buried in her arms and weeps. Mary has her arm around her father's neck and

leans upon his shoulder. Ned sits upon the floor and leans againsthis father's knee. Pause—All is gloom.)

Clifford. (Enters L. C, goes to Julia unobserved by Julia and

others.) Why wait longer? The fight is over. Come! There

will be no harvest! (He lifts her gently to her feet, she yields, half

dazed.) Katherine. (Rises. To Mrs. H.) I tink we should still keep

de courage up. (Begins to quote, and then, unconsciously, starts to

sing.) "Why should we mourn or tink our lot is hard?

'Tis not so, all is right.

(Breaks into singing.)

Why should ve tink to earn a great revard,

If we now shun de fight?

(All but Julia, Clifford and Mr. H. join with her now in singing)

"Gird up your loins, fresh courage take,

Our God will never us forsake.

(Julia disengages herself from Clifford and comes falteringly down center, and stands tearfully and pleadingly looking upward as they sing):

And soon we'll have this tale to tell,

All is well, all is well."

(Harry and Percy come rushing in.)

Harry. Hurrah! Hurrah! The birds are eatin'the crickets!

We win! Dad, you ought to see 'em!

Mrs. H. The Lord be praised!

Mose. I knowed it! I jest knowed it meant sumpthin'good

when I seen all them birds fly over the grain fields. Old lady

Swanberg Mr. H. I hope it's as good as you think; but at the rate the

crickets come, a million birds would not clean them up in all Summer.

Percy. But these birds will, Brother Harris. Harry and I have

watched them. At first everybody thought they were eating the grain.

But we soon saw they were eating crickets. And they don't just

eat and get full and leave the field. They eat all they can, and

then in a few minutes they disgorge it all and begin again. They

will clear off the crickets without a doubt. Some of the men say they

504 IMPROVEMENT ERA

are gulls. (Turns to Julia, who is at his left.) There will be a

harvest, Julia!

Julia. Percy! I am so happy! Father, mother, Percy and

I will be married at harvest time. The gulls have decided for us!

(Clifford, who stands unnoticed when Julia left him, goes slowly and dejectedly out.)

Harry. (Going to Katherine.) We may make it a double

wedding.

Mose. Well, I knowed it all along. Them there frogs a croakin'

every night last week didn't croak for nothin', as I was tellin'old lady Swanberg. It was a good sign in disguise; it sure was.

Mr. H. Blest, if I don't feel like celebratin. (He stands up.)

Ned, run and get my accordian, or fiddle, from the box under the bed. (Ned exits, door L.) Ye hain't asked me yet, boy; but you're

perfectly welcome to marry my little girl, and may you be happy.

(Ned returns with instrument.) Come on, all. Take partners fer

a Virginia reel. (They take partners and all dance. Percy and Julia

have prominent position front: then Harry and Katherine: then Ned

and Mary: and then Mose and Mrs. H. When they reach the march

figure of the first change the curtain falls.

The End

The Silent Places

Out in the silent places, Where there is never heard Aught save the voice of nature,

The carol of the bird Out where earth's naive graces

Are in pristine beauty seen.

Where the glint of sunlit spaces

Glorifies the limpid stream,—

There is where I fain would linger

To live my life's own dream.

Far from the silent places, Where are sorrow, moil and strife,

Where clouds all lower darkly,

I am called to spend my life;

Where there are barren spaces To till and sow with seeds Of patience, hope and courage For another's daily needs, There is where m> soul must labor,

That it may develop strength, To walk close by the Master, In the silences at length.

Provo, Utah GRACE INGLES FROST

IS UTAH CIVILIZED?*

By L. P. Roberts

In the American Mercury Magazine about a year ago, a Mr. DeVoto gave us a very striking picture of Utah. What he said is, no

doubt, regarded by many readers outside the state as entirely true because the gentleman is, himself, a native of the state and should, therefore, have the facts at his command. While space will not

permit me to reply in detail to all of his charges perhaps, for the sake of truth, I may be permitted to point out just a few of the author's most obvious errors.

It seems that Mr. DeVoto was asked by the wife of a Harvard

professor if it can be true that people "really live in Utah."In

reply he launches into a wholesale attack upon the state, the absurdity of which can only be appreciated by those who have been to Utah and have seen the people and conditions as they are. A careful

reading of the article reveals not only a careless'disregard for the truth, but the fact that in his anxiety to make his condemnation complete he has even gone so far as to contradict himself upon several occasions. His entire treatment of the subject resembles a "Hymn

of Hate"so closely that it must be difficult even for an outsider to regard it as a calm survey of facts.

"Civilized life,"says Mr. DeVoto, "does not exist in Utah."

Let us examine that statement for a moment. Without saying so

in so many words he implies that civilized life does exist everywhere throughout the United States except within the borders of Utah.

Travelers, then, crossing the country from coast to coast, must prepare when they leave Colorado to leave behind them all the luxury, the culture, and the refinement of modern life and plunge headlong into the primitive. To the average person the above statement suggests the uncharted wilderness, the smoke rising above thatched huts,

and naked savages performing some tribal dance as they "keep time"to the weird throb of the tomtom.

Perhaps the uninformed Easterner, having viewed with apprehension Mr. DeVoto's picture of Utah, imagines hopefully for a moment that at sometime in the fardistant future civilization may

penetrate even into the fastnesses of this state. If he does have any

such fantastic dreams the writer soon sets his mind at rest upon that score. Continuing, Mr. DeVoto says that civilization "never has

existed"in Utah; then turning his allseeing eye upon the future

this authorprophet predicts that "it never will exist there."And

thus with one sweep of his omnipotent pen he condemns almost

Answer to Bernard DeVoto's Article on Utah, published in the March number of the American Mercury Magazine, 1926. This article contains some facts that

all Utah people should know, or of which, not knowing, they should be informed. Ed.

506 IMPROVEMENT ERA

a half million of the American people to everlasting barbarism. There

are, no doubt, a few sections in darkest Africa where cannibalism still exists; where civilization, as we understand the term, is still a

vague future possibility; but even so there arc few writers who would

have the supreme egotism to predict that civilization never will exist in those places. Yet that is exactly what Mr. DeVoto has predicted

for one of our American states.

But why is Utah doomed to remain forever outside the pale of civilized life? The author does not tell us. It seems that it

just is because it is Utah. During the past I have read many attacks

upon "Mormons"and "Mormonism,"but such attacks were usually directed against some principle or practice of the Church. Never

before have I read an attack upon the entire population of any state, "Mormons,"Jews and Gentiles, simply because they were guilty of living within its borders. Never before have I seen four hundred

and fifty thousand American people condemned to endless savagery for the crime of geographical location.

A day's visit in Salt Lake City, with its wide streets, its fine homes, its modern business structures and its general air of busy prosperity, is all that is needed to give the lie to Mr. DeVoto's absurd

statement. But such a visit is not within the realm of possibility

for most of his readers; nor is it necessary. The contradictory gentleman proves with his own words the absurdity of his charges.

He concedes that in Utah poverty "is rare,"and this statement is verified by the wellknown writer Kenneth L. Roberts in his article

on "Mormonism,"published in the Saturday Evening Post.

"Morality, the unassuming morality of unassuming folk,"confesses DeVoto, "is high."

Thus in one sentence he confesses his inability to find fault with the state from the standpoint of morals and one decency—the

ground upon which the people of Utah have been most bitterly assailed by the uninformed people outside the state. That this

writer admits the high standard of morals in Utah is significant.

Further, he admits that in matters of tolerance, schools, state roads, civic virtue and patriotism Utah is well above the average.

Having heard his confessions, perhaps I may be permitted to make one of my own. If lack of poverty, civic virtue, the possession of good schools, a high standard of morals, and withal a

spirit of these are not the distinguishing charactertolerance—if

istics of our highest civilization, I confess I do not understand the term.

Speaking of artists, Mr. DeVoto remarks, in his very charitable

manner, "I defy Mr. Masters or anyone else to find one artist or!

even a quasiartist in all the wide expanse of Utah, from Soda Springs to Hurricane, from Roosevelt to St. George."

I am unable to determine just how wide an expanse the author has included in this sweeping statement, but I am inclined to think that his enthusiasm has swept him entirely out of the state because

IS UTAH CIVILIZED? 507

there is no such place in Utah as Soda Springs. There is, however,

a Soda Springs in Idaho about fortyfive miles north of the Utah border and I am inclined to believe that this is the town referred to because, judging by some of his other "facts,"fortyfive miles is not too great a distance for this author to deviate from the truth in order to make his point.

I mention this matter, not because it is important, but simply because it is an error which anyone living outside the state can verify by a glance at the map. It is unimportant except as it suggests the

author's lack of even an elementary knowledge of his home state, and the possibility that he may have made other more vital errors.

But to return to DeVoto's defiant challenge. Is it true that

there is not one artist in Utah? One of the most coveted honors

to be gained in the field of art is the distinction of exhibiting a picture in the Paris Salon. It is an honor that comes only to artists

of unusual ability. Lee Green Richards has received this honor

many times and upon one occasion his work was given honorable mention. James T. Harwood, head of the art department of the

University of Utah, has exhibited in the Salon a number of times'.

In 1903 he was the winner of the Academy Julian Medal together with a cash prize. Mary Teasdale has exhibited at the Paris Salon

and the St. Louis Exposition. Alma B. Wright has received recognition from the Paris Salon and the St. Louis Exposition. Edwin

Evans exhibited at the World's Fair in Chicago and more recently at the French Salon. Myra Sawyer was given recognition by the

Salon and has had two of her miniatures accepted at the Academy of Fine Arts in Philadelphia. All of these artists, as well as numerous

others, are living in Utah.

Of sculpture Mr. DeVoto says, "You will find in Utah one

exquisite monument to the sea gulls and three dozen wooden Indians covered with tin plate and named after the martyrs."

This statement, like most of his statements of "facts,"is vague and contradictory. Two of the most prominent statutes of "martyrs"

in Utah are the figures of Joseph and Hyrum Smith located on the temple block, and these are no doubt two of the figures to which he refers. Mr. DeVoto is apparently unaware that they are the work

of Mahonri Young, the same artist whose Sea Gull Monument the author admits is "exquisite."

No doubt Mr. DeVoto refers also to the statue of Brigham

Young and other figures by C. E. Dallin, whose "wooden Indians"

have received considerable recognition in Utah. If he were fair,

however, in his appraisal of Mr. Dallin's "wooden Indians,"he would

inform us that this artist received honorable mention for one of them (The Signal of Peace) at the Paris Salon in 1890. But since he

does not call attention to this fact let me mention in passing that Mr.

Dallin won a medal for one of his "wooden Indians"at the World's

Fair in Chicago and that this same statue was purchased for that city and stands today in Lincoln Park as a memorial to the American 508 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Indian. Nor was Chicago the only city to recognize his genius. His

"Medicine Man"was purchased by a group of Philadelphia art critics and placed in Fairmount Park, Philadelphia. The Fine Arts Museum

of Boston acquired his "Appeal to the Great Spirit."Some of his

other works are his statue of Sir Isaac Newton in the rotunda of the

Library of Congress, "The Scout,"Kansas City, and the "Statue of

Massasoit,"at Plymouth, Mass. So if Utah has erred in giving

recognition to Dallin's "wooden Indians,"she, at least, has the consolation of knowing that she is not alone in her folly.

Is it true, as Mr. DeVoto charges, that Utah has no interest in

social, intellectual or artistic life? The facts do not seem to bear

him out.

Even while the people of the state were fighting to make the desert habitable, Brigham Young brought Julia Dean Hayne, one of the greatest actresses of her time, all the way from the East to give the people the best that could be obtained in the field of drama.

This talented actress not only produced the best plays of her time, but trained entire companies of Utah players that they might be able to "carry on"after she had gone. And today dramatic art holds

a high place in Utah communities.

One of the first large buildings erected in Utah was the Salt

Lake Theater, dedicated in 1862. It was the first theater built

in the West and was for many years the largest theater west of New

York City. The greatest actors and actresses known to the stage

have presented their performances in this pioneer showhouse. And

the finest plays on the boards today may still be seen there. Edwin

Booth, Lawrence Barrett and Louis James have given their stellar presentations of Shakespeare. John McCullough, E. A. Southern, Robert Keene and Robert Mantell have also given their splendid

interpretations of this master playwright. Mrs. Fiske, Nance O'Niel,

Mrs. Leslie Carter, David Warfield, John and Lionel Barrymore and

a host of others, from experience, could bear witness to Utah's love of good drama.

Does Utah have any interest in the artistic? Anyone who

thinks she does not will have difficulty in explaining why it was that

Utah established the first art school in the West and why Utah was the first state in the union to create a state art department at public expense.

Does Utah have any interest in music? The fact that shortly

after the pioneers arrived they built one of the largest pipeorgans in the world for their tabernacle would seem to indicate that they were not entirely devoid of musical appreciation. When one realizes

that much of the material to build this huge instrument had to be transported across the country by oxteams, one can gain some idea of the immensity of the undertaking.

Nor is this organ used to furnish music for Church services alone.

Every weekday through the year it is used to give a recital to the

IS UTAH CIVILIZED? 509

public, free of charge, and the music is rendered by organists of recognized ability.

The Mutual Improvement. Associations of the "Mormon"Church

conduct contests in which cash prizes are given for the musical selections most successfully rendered.

The Utah schools are provided with good music departments and the result of musical encouragement is shown by the fact that a

Utah choir won second place at the World's Fair in Chicago against the finest choirs in the country. This same state, in spite of it's

youth, has given the United States three outstanding stars of the opera and concert Lucy Gates, Margaret Romaine and stage—Emma

Irene Williams.

Nor is Utah isolated from the best music that is to be heard in the East. Perhaps the Easterner who prides himself on having

heard such artists as Emma Clave, Patti, GalliCurci, Heifetz or

John McCormack will be surprised to learn that these musicians have performed in the wilds of Utah, not once, but many times.

You may have heard the masterful renditions of SchumannHeink and Paderewski in New York or Boston and I, too, have heard them in the Salt Lake.Tabernacle, within a short time of each other.

Does Utah have any interest in intellectual life? The two

thousand nine hundred students enrolled in the state university together with the thirteen hundred enrolled in the Brigham Young University would lead us to think so. The seven hundred graduates from the two

schools stand ready to dispute the claim that in Utah people "talk only of the Prophet, hogs, and Fords."If any one is foolish enough

to suppose that these subjects form the only topics of Utah conversation let him engage some of these students in a discussion of

Keats, Shelley, Chaucer or Milton, and their knowledge of these authors will be a revelation to him.

In paying a doubtful compliment to Dr. Kerr of the University

of Utah, Mr. DeVoto says, "he stands out like a sequoia amidst

scholar alone in a mob of 'Mormon'bishops, tanksagebrush—a

town annotaters and hicks."

If this is true it is indeed painful to learn that such a laxness of standards exists at Mr. DeVoto's own dear old Harvard. For surely

the blame for such "scholastic ignorance"rests largely upon the school from which these men received their education, and a study of the facts reveals that sixteen members of the present faculty of the

University of Utah are from Harvard students. George Thomas,

president of the University, received his master's degree from that institution. It seems to me that it is very unfortunate that Harvard

has degenerated into a machine for the manufacture of "tanktown annotaters and hicks."As to the other members of the faculty, they

are without exception, graduates of schools of recognized scholastic standing.

The most convincing answer to this charge against the U. of U.

faculty is the fact that this school is a member of the Association of 5 10 IMPROVEMENT ERA

American Universities, with which only the leading universities of the United States are affiliated. Membership in this organization

means that all work done at the Utah school is accepted on an equal basis with that of Harvard, Princeton, Johns Hopkins or any other university of high standard.

While this complete recognition has not yet been accorded to the

Brigham Young University, an indication of the type of students found in the "Mormon"school is given by the fact that the past year's graduating law classes of both the University of Chicago and the George Washington University were led in the matter of scholarship by former B. Y. U. graduates.

"Who ever heard of a Utahn?"inquires DeVoto with childlike naivete.

The world of music has heard of Margaret Romaine and Emma

Lucy Gates. They have become famous on the concert and opera

stage. Irene Williams has achieved fame both here and abroad as a

Mozart artist.

New York and Boston have heard of John J. McClellan, who

was one of the world's greatest organists.

Maude Adams was one of the greatest actresses, if not the greatest, of her time, and her superb portrayal of the role of "Peter

Pan"has never been equaled.

The world of art has heard of Mahonri Young, who won a silver medal at the Panama Exposition, in 1915, and who is one of the leading sculptors of New York City today.

Philadelphia, Boston and Paris have heard of John Hafen, who was one of our finest landscape painters.

Paris has heard of Rose Hartwell and Ralston Gibbs, who have both exhibited at the Salon.

The first time in history that beautyloving turned to America for a piece of her art it was the work of C. E. Dallin that she

statue that stands today in Vienna, Austria, as an examplerequested—a

of the best that America can produce.

Merely to have his work exhibited in the French Salon is sufficient distinction to mark an artist as great, and many Utah people have gained this honor, but it is interesting to note that the youngest person ever admitted to the Salon was also a FairUtahn—Avard

banks of Springville, who gained this signal distinction at the age of fifteen.

Nor is Utah unknown in the field of commercial art. John

Held, Jr., of Salt Lake City holds a high place among the cartoonists,

his work being featured almost every week in Life, Judge, and other magazines. Another Salt Lake boy, Clyde Squires, is one of America's

finest illustrators. His picture, "Her Gift,"hangs in thousands of

homes and is perhaps as well known as anything of its kind.

"Who ever heard of a Utah playwright?"Broadway has heard

and is still hearing of the Utah boy, Otto Haurbach, who has won

IS UTAH CIVILIZED? 511

his place among the playwrights with such succeses as "No, No,

Nanette,""RoseMarie,"and "WildFlower."

Compson and John Gilbert. No doubt Mr. DeVoto has—BettyUtah has contributed two recognized "stars"to motion pictures

never heard of them but almost every patron of the "movies"has.

One of the greatest motion pictures ever produced was "The Covered

Wagon,"and the man who directed it and was largely responsible for its success was James Cruze of Ogden. In the field of scenario

writing there are few who have achieved greater success than has

June Mathis of Utah.

Who ever heard of a Utahn indeed! About a year ago the

entire world was thrilled by the achievement of Lieutenant Russel

L. Maughan, who made the first successful flight from coast to coast

in a single day.

One of the great inventors of modern firearms was John M.

Browning of Ogden. His automatic pistol was adopted by the U. S.

government in 1908. His guns have been adopted by a number of

European countries and his machinegun and machine rifle were adopted by the U. S. government in 1918.

In the field of law this state is also represented. One of the

judges on the bench of the highest court in the U. S. land—the

Supreme George Sutherland of Utah. Court—is

In the Senate of the United States there is perhaps no committee of greater importance than the finance watchdog committee—the

of the treasury. To be elected to this body is an honor; to be chosen

as its head is to gain distinct recognition. At the present time this

body is headed by the Utah senator, Reed Smoot.

Who's Who in America, which lists the names of those who have accomplished some noteworthy achievement or gained some position of prominence, gives Utah as the birthplace of more of its "elect"than can be claimed by any other of the eight states in the RockyMountain region. Even Colorado, with a population almost twice

as great, falls far below this state as a cradle of greatness. Nor is it

true that those who become prominent must leave the state to do it.

Eightysix people listed in Who's Who? are living in Utah today.

Yes, people really live in Utah! The best that the world of

music, of art or of drama has to offer is theirs to enjoy. Theirs,

also, are those simpler joys of living that are lost forever to those living in our crowded centers of population.

Thousands of people living in our great cities are so busy making a living that they can find no time to live. They are so busy

defending themselves in the battle for a mere existence that they have hardly a moment to pause and ask themselves what it is all about.

In Utah the battle to live has not yet achieved such titantic proportions. One still has time to pause long enough to enjoy the

beauty of the sunset; to look up at the stars; to laugh and to live.

In Utah there is still room for the man of moderate means to have 512 IMPROVEMENT ERA

a home of his own with a lawn in front and a garden in the rear, and the overwhelming majority of Utahns do live in such homes in striking contrast to the congestion of the apartmenthouse districts of Chicago or the squalor of the tenement districts of New York.

The Utahn still has time to have "neighbors"as well as friends, and to extend to the stranger the smile of goodfellowship.

What, then, is the excuse for DeVoto's article? Perhaps the

explanation for such an imaginative outburst lies in some real or fancied hurt suffered by the author. Perhaps (and this is, I think,

the more probable explanation), finding himself unable to sell his literary wares, he has turned at last, in desperation, to the ancient subterfuge of sensationalism as a means of gaining a market for writings of doubtful literary merit. To attack Utah is the popular thing

to do and, because it usually attracts favorable attention from the editors to do so, many an author of mediocre ability has bitterly condemned the Utah people, with little regard for the truth, and with no other purpose in mind than the saving of his literary efforts from the oblivion of the wastebasket.

The Old West

The,ripin'an'tearin'an'roarin'old West

Is passing out over the hills,

And into its place comes a gentler quest

Of life, with its triumph and thrills.

The day of the scabbard and pistol and knife

Is gone with the Indian's whoop,

While Industry's hum replaces the strife,

And peace reigns supreme in the group.

The drinkin'an'shootin'an'fightin'old West

Is gone with the old schooner trails,

Slow lumbering oxen have taken their rest,

Replaced by the gleaming steel rails.

The redskin no longer goes crouching at dawn,

To capture his foe unaware.

The danger of forest and mountain are gone,

With the lion and bobcat and bear.

But the strength of the old is passed to the new,

An heritage worthy of men;

The will or the courage to dare and to do,

Still pulses today same as then.

The throb and the hum of this vibrant new life,

Demands that a man do his best

To fight and to win, not counting the strife;

It was ever the test of the West.

Sigurd, Utah. IRVIN L. WARNOCK.

ALCOHOL AND HUMANITY By L. Weston Oaks, M. D.

II Alcohol's Action Upon the Nervous System of Man

When we speak of the nervous system, we are directing our attention to the most delicate, highly specialized and sensitively attuned structure known to human intelligence. Man's nervous system

is the citadel of his soul. Through it alone can his spirit make contact

with and learn to comprehend any of the phenomena of mortal life.

Yet he often ignores its gentle complaints against abuse, until outraged Nature cries to him in terms he must heed. Strange indeed

that, possessing so priceless a treasure, we should be so ignorant of its workings, and so unmindful of our welfare, that it must in dire necessity thrust its demands upon us through pain, death or disorder of the mind! There are very few of us, who, boasting ownership

of a beautiful platinum and gold watch, would go about subjecting it to sundry powerful chemicals, merely to enjoy whatever sensation marring of its beauty and action might arouse in us. We should

unhesitatingly remand to institutional care any person who deliberately poured sulphuric acid upon the wiring and ignition units of his new automobile just to hear it sputter and see it smoke. Yet many of us

who consider ourselves sane and normal willingly subject our bodies to far more imbecilic assaults, in our blind search for what we are pleased in our puerile minds to call pleasure.

Alcohol is a powerful poison which does serious damage to delicate nerve tissues. Upon this system of the human body it wreaks

its worst effects. In former days, observers believed alcohol to be a

stimulant, because it produced increase of pulse rate, flushing of the face, as well as unnatural talkativeness and vivacity. Today we recognize all of these as indications of depression or narcosis. More rapid

pulse rate, in this instance, results from some lowering of blood pressure and from depression of the vagus of the heart's nerve—controller

rate. Flushing, as has already been explained, occurs through lowered

activity in a part of that complex regulating mechanism of the blood vessels. For a time, it was more difficult to understand apparent

livening of the mind and loosening of the tongue, in acute poisoning by alcohol, unless it did for a time act as a stimulant to the nervous system. Then came clearer comprehension of the delicate operation of

checks and balances maintained in natural function of nerve tissues.

Upon the basis of this knowledge, clear conception of the seeming inconsistency was easy. It is now commonly recognized that alcohol, by

depressing certain highly specialized structures releases the brakes, as it were, and sets free frisky impulses. These nerves of inhibition, as

they are known, normally restrain the individual from obeying quickly every trivial impulse that arises in his consciousness. In other words,

514 IMPROVEMENT ERA

they make actions and words subject to such good judgment as the person is possessed of; and when they are barred from the field, wise

discrimination is no longer possible. Dr. Percy G. Stiles, in an American Journal of Public Hygiene editorial, fittingly treats this situation

as follows:

"We have now to speak of alcohol as a 'mental alterative.'The term

has been chosen, rather than 'cerebral stimulant'for reasons that may appear.

Whatever else is claimed, the effect chiefly sought in drinking is upon the brain. This effect is generally, but inaccurately, described as stimulation.

But a stimulant is best described as an agent which increases working capacity.

* * * A true stimulant for the brain should increase the power of sustained mental attention and consecutive orderly thinking. Few would

claim for alcohol such a property as this. The word 'dissipation'which we

use for intemperance, is a very precise one. Scattering, rather than concentration of thoughts, is the mental habit from first to last. Perhaps

a man may be at his best socially when he is not at his best logically. There

is a degree of attractiveness in the workings of a slightly inconsequent mind.

We are amused by unexpected associations. A little alcohol lessens selfconsciousness, with the result that the subject speaks without reserve, and

without confining himself to what is important. Conversation is diluted

with trivialities. We may admit that this is enlivening. But how much

the animating potency of wine at banquets is overestimated! There is a

simple reason for its undeserved reputation; and this is found in lowered

standards of judgment on the part of those who listen to what is said.

The ready laughter and applause do not indicate brilliancy on the part of the speaker nearly so often as readiness to be amused on the part of the listeners. In the midst of such company, the total abstainer feels an amazement verging on disgust, as he observes the demonstrations that greet speeches

which, in themselves, are wholly insane and commonly in bad taste. How

feeble are the sallies, when recalled in the light of common day!"

Dr. Hughlings Jackson, an eminent English authority upon

nervous and mental diseases, has said:

"A drunken man notably exhibits the abstract and brief chronicle of insanity, going through its successive phases in a short space of time."

In other words, Dr. Jackson means that, under alcohol's influence, a man shows the various phases of the disordered mind; and

that they change rapidly from one to the other, as succeeding stages of the poisoning come on. Early he shows the brisk flow of ideas, translated into speech and action expressive of selfconfidence. The individual is moved to believe and make known that he is a personage of

some importance in the universe. Coincidently, there is a rapid

diminution of selfcriticism and judgment. A small amount of the

drug is sufficient to produce these results, as it notably affects earliest and most profoundly those mental and spiritual qualities that are of the highest order. That is to say, the ability of a mental giant for

profound thinking, the artist's power to conceive and create beautiful expressions of the infinite, a great composer's talent for rising above mundane things and plucking from Eternity musical creations that of these are highest expressions oftouch human hearts forever—all

that Godlike faculty, the mind. They are possible only in those who

receive inspiration from on high; and are effectually cut off by any

agent which dulls perception, obstructs logic or impairs the utmost

ALCOHOL AND HUMANITY 515

coordination of all mental pathways. Alcohol accomplishes all

three of these; and insulates the individual from his ability to rise

above the animal level. Human records offer little evidence of inspiring things accomplished by one under the influence of any drug.

Some have it that Robert Burns gave homage to his cup as the source of his poetic inspiration; but there seems nothing approaching proof

that he actually, wrote any of his poems while under its influence.

At the same time, it is more than probable that, had this brilliant mind been inspired by other factors notably lacking in his life, he might have authored expressions of a much higher order than he could as it was.

Alcohol effectually cuts off the higher centers of man's mind, leaving the reflex, or purely animal part of the nervous system, in virtual control. Under such conditions, baser passions and emotions

are quick to flame up a>nd direct his conduct. From one possible of

Godhood, a man descends in alcohol to a bestial brute of lower level than animals of the field.

Early in the progress of the poisoning, ability to carry out finely coordinated muscular acts is abolished. Dr. H. M. Vernon, of

England, reports in the British Journal of Inebriety a series of experiments which strongly indicate that the taking of alcohol decidedly lowers the power to carry out skilled muscular acts such as typewriting; and

that it lessens the individual's accuracy. An English investigating

board, appointed to gather material along this line, cited some studies carried out with Alpine mountain climbers. It was found that administration of moderate doses of alcohol, before beginning and during the climb, markedly reduced sureness and accuracy of muscular

action. The experienced climber was lowered to the beginner's level.

Movements were badly directed or illjudged. In the average, hardened mountain man, it was found that a dose of one ounce tended

to undo all effects of training, during the time of its effect.

From Professor M. A. Rosanoff, quoting some work of Dr.

Emil Kraepelin, we read:

"Moderate amounts of alcohol taken with a meal effect a very considerable lowering of capacity for doing muscular work. The widespread

notion that moderate drinking with meals helps a laborer to do his work is false. Moderate drinking reduces considerably an artisan's efficiency. Its

effect is cumulative, and the losses caused by it increase as time goes on."

That this reduction in muscular power and coordination, or control, is due to the effects of alcohol upon the nerves that initiate and govern muscle action is borne out by other experimental study, directed toward learning of its influence upon reflex movements.

Drs. Bennett and Dodge, in the journal of The American Medical Association, record results of timing reflex actions in people treated with small amounts of alcohol. Their study seems to reveal a

precise and undeniable foundation for the belief that alcohol promotes the likelihood of accidents. It is a well known fact that our first

response to sudden demands, in the face of the unexpected, hinges 516 IMPROVEMENT ERA

greatly upon reflex action, supervised by the brain. Of course, this

means such action is not wholly reflex; but the accuracy and the precision with which we judge and perform under such conditions of

sudden stress are dependent upon clearcut, unimpeded, automatic cooperation of many groups of nerves and muscles. Ingestion of

alcohol was found to interefere with this in two ways. First, there

was a decided delay in reflex action; and two separate sets of investigators have found the speed of response decreased ten per cent.

This, however, varies for different groups of nerves. Finger movements

are delayed nine per cent; velocity of eye movements is lessened

eleven per cent; and speech reflex is three per cent slower than normal.

The second phase of alteration in response is a decrease in its extent, which has been estimated at fortyeight per cent for some major reflexes.

Consideration of the part played in our great number of automobile accidents scarcely leaves any room for doubt as to the validity of these statements.

Speaking from an everyday medical standpoint, Dr. Brickley, in

The Boston Medical and Surgical Journal, decides that:

Alcohol causes accidents.

Alcohol obscures diagnosis, in case of illness.

Alcohol increases danger of infection in injury.

Alcohol retards process of tissue repair in wound healing.

Alcohol increases mortality from accidents.

Death by acute alcohol poisoning results from paralysis of that brain centre which controls respiration or breathing. It has been

generally estimated that when the blood content of grain alcohol reaches six parts in one thousand, fatal consequence is certain. This

means for an averagesized individual a does of about fourteen ounces of absolute amount rarely taken within the time necesalcohol—an

sary to produce such concentration. Although death from acute

poisoning is comparatively uncommon, practically every individual who becomes intoxicated does enter a state of unconsciousness from which it is impossible to arouse him, during a number of hours. In

such a condition, a gap has been created by the drug between his mind and his surroundings; his perceptions are temporarily paralyzed;

he loses all control of his muscles so that he can no longer stand, and usually this extends to include the urinary bladder, making him to all except those whose faculties are burdened like his own—an

object of abhorrence and disgust.

Repeated incurrence of such a dissolved state of mind and nervous system eventually brings a sure result. Delirium tremens, so called,

is a most dramatic evidence of this; and is the first stage of permanent

mental dissolution. In it there is an active delirium, in which the

affected one sees various crawling, fearinspiring creatures, invisible to the unintoxicated. These hallucinations lead to trembling, anxiety

and mental distress, with profuse sweating. Having attained such a

condition, the individual is ripe for institutional care; and many

of them are never again fit to carry on their everyday lives without supervision.

ALCOHOL AND HUMANITY 517 A great deal has been said upon both sides of the question as to whether alcohol is a predisposing cause of ordinary types of insanity. A survey of available literature upon the subject impresses one

that those who rapidly oppose such an idea mostly fall into one of three classes. They are: (1) The group who cling fiercely to the bottle,

and loudly resent anything that threatens their security therein; (2)

those yellow journalists'who berate, as a matter of principle, any attempt to lift humanity above the Stygian mire, and (3) individuals deriving monetary gains from the degradation of their weaker fellows. Strictly opposed to these groups, are the earnest scientific men,

who are seeking after truth; and who desire the best for humanity. Dr.

Emil Kraepelin, as a result of his very extensive study of the subject, says emphatically that alcohol is leading civilized humanity upon the road to degeneracy. Dr. D. T. Crothers, Superintendent of Walnut

Lodge Hospital gathered the figures of European and American investigators as to what percentages of undesirable human circumstances exist as a result of alcoholic abuse. Statistics from different localities

vary widely; and his summary was as follows:

Insanity, 10% to 60%.

Pauperism, 30% to 80%.

Criminality, 60% to 90%.

Idiocy, 30% to 70%.

Certainly these figures are significant; and, granting that the

most conservative is the high limit, we still have grave and sufficient cause to consider this drug as predatory upon human life.

Associated with mental degenerative changes from alcohol is alcoholic neuritis and alcoholic paralysis.. These are usually slow to

come on; but once acquired, they are not easly gotten rid of. None of

them ever get well so long as any alcohol is taken; and even with

the best of treatment, half of them shortly die.

Alcohol and Long Life Any discussion of alcohol and human welfare must eventually reach the question of longevity. Like other propositions, loudly and

voluminously attacked and defended, this still holds power to excite animosity in certain quarters. Doubtless personal opinion has extended largely into the mooting of it. Newspapers have played a

considerable role by heralding loudly the few instances of persons who have attained advanced years, in spite of alcoholic libations. As

usual, publicity to the rare and unusual cases serves to obscure, for many of us, the obvious legions whose vitality has not served to preserve them against their abuses. There are always extraordinary

instances to stand out and be shouted over; and which serve to

distract our attention from the true issue. In this paper, we are not

interested in those few who become centenarians despite daily drugging of their finer sensibilities. Our concern lies with the countless

thousands whose health and lives have been, and are being, im518 IMPROVEMENT ERA

poverishcd as well as shortened by ignorance and appetite. Laboratory

experimentation is not feasible to settle this phase of the question;

but there is an unbiased source of information in the statistics so carefully gathered and preserved by life insurance companies. Long

experience has shown undeniably that individuals who tamper with alcoholic beverages are poorer risks for insurance.

A committee appointed by the English Central Control Board of The Liquor Traffic, for the purpose of investigating questions pertaining to the use of alcoholic beverages, states as a part of its conclusions:

"(1) That the death rate is lower and the expectation of life longer in the section of an insurance society admitting only total abstainers from alcohol than in the section admitting those who are not abstainers from alcohol. (2) That the statistics of mortality are more favorable from

abstainers than are the returns from other societies making no such distinctions, and which issue policies chiefly to persons of a more prosperous social class."

Dr. Ebenezer, in the American Underwriter's Magazine and

Review for September, 1909, states that life insurance statistics show twentythree per cent less mortality in abstainers than in nonab- stainers. Insurance companies prefer risks who do not use alcohol.

In Summary A study of alcohol's effects upon the human body reveals undeniable evidence that the drug is derogatory to our best welfare: that

its use precludes our enjoyment of the highest intellectual, spiritual, physical or social life. Then why the great fight over its use? That

tremendous profits accruing frOm its sale stimulate a gigantic propaganda to keep the question alive is undoubted. However, this does

not seem sufficient explanation of why humans persist in its consumption, when they well know it is detrimental. There, of course,

we see the result of its habitforming potency; and are made to realize

our responsibility in acquainting our boys and girls with the truth concerning it. Many agencies have served in casting about alcoholism

a cloak of romance to hide its stark frightfulness. And when individual experience has given a man power to see through the fabric

of deception, he frequently has become so fettered by his craving for the drug that he no longer has physical stamina to resist its whisperings.

Education, of the proper, truthdealing sort, offers our only hope where legislation has failed. For each individual must be convinced in his own heart. Then there will be no alcohol problem.

Dr. Kraepelin, after deeply studying the subject, tells us that

alcohol impairs every human faculty; and that the higher, the more

complex the human faculty, the more pronounced is the effect of alcohol upon it. He also maintains that the effects of alcohol are

cumulative. That is, its continuous use, even in moderate quantities,

impairs the abilities at a rapidly increasing rate.

Provo, Utah.

THE LITTLE PEOPLE OF MINEHUNE By Elder Lee N. Taylor, a Missionary in Kapaa, Kauai, T. H.

Kauai was originally called the island of Minehune, the place of Hawaii's legendary little people. Numerous fables or sagas are

told of their prowess as ditchbuilders and builders of breakwaters,

etc. In most of these stories the elves are represented as having done their work mischievously, ending in benefit to man. According to

the stories I have heard, the Minehunes worked only at night. Starting

soon after dark, they are said always to have completed a given job before morn, or before the second crowing of the rooster.

The Minehunes once made a trip to Kona, where they had a number of jobs to do. The leader of the little men pointed out a

large hill, upon their arrival, to some of his captains, and requested that the hill be moved from its resting place to a point some three miles down the mountain side to the seashore. He urged that his men

must move as fast as possible, since they were undertaking a large task for one night. He also told them to be sure to stop their labors at the

second crow of the rooster, as he did not wish to. be discovered in

action. The Minehunes set to work with a will. They cut down

some huge trees and shoved them through the hill, with ends projecting out at both sides. At the leader's command, thousands

of the little men stationed at the projecting tree trunks hoisted their heavy burden and carried it slowly down the mountain side.

Now there was one Kamoa Kane who lived just above the side of the hill which the Minehunes undertook to carry away. He was

a mischievous rooster and had a bad reputation among his fellows for his sometimes harmful tricks. He was out looking for trouble on

the night the Minehunes decided to move the hill and, in his characteristic way, managed to hear their plans for carrying it away.

The hill had not been carried half the distance intended when loud and clear the crowing of the first cock was heard! The Minehunes looked surprised, and turned inquiringly to their captains, but

were only told to increase their speed. The little men; continued

to toil with all their might to reach the seashore before the signal to quit. Little did they suspect that Kamoa Kane intended that they

should never complete their work. They had but a few more yards to

go when the second crow sounded. There was nothing for them to

do but to drop their load and scamper away. They were so rushed

that none of them noticed the triumphant chuckle at the end of the crowing. The roosters of the neighborhood, however, did not answer the early crow, as they knew who had startled them from their

midnight slumber, but the Minehunes had left for good, and they 520 IMPROVEMENT ERA

were ashamed to return. They failed to complete their work before

the second crow of the cock.

You don't believe the story? Well, how do you account for

that lone hill away down there by the seashore with the tree trunks sticking out at each side? A fault, you say? Ua pololei no ka

moolelo; o oe no ka mea hupo. (The story is correct; you are the

dumb one.) I wish I could tell you the story as the Hawaiian told it to me. His telling carried the spirit of conviction.

The Smoker's Rights

In an editorial in The Commercial Bulletin, of Boston, December 4, 1926, the attitude of the smoker towards his fellows was given a most interesting "airing."Reference was made to the new plan lately

adopted for the regulation of smoking on the underground railways of London, by which a few compartments on each train are reserved for nonsmokers, and smoking allowed in all other compartments;

instead of forbidding smoking, as formerly, in all cars except those designated as "smoking cars.""It seems quite an innovation,"the

editor says, "for the London railways to make smoking cars the rule and nonsmoking cars the exception."From the many interesting

paragraphs, we quote the following:

"They enter a car, light a pipe and smoke up, regardless of any regulations, and they will probably light their pipes in compartments for nonsmokers in the future just as they have done in the past. * * * But

women and men who do not enjoy being fumigated by smoke from pipe, cigar or cigarette in the poorly ventilated little compartments of the underground railway, will have to yield to the selfish will of the majority.

"The smoker resents being called selfish when he thinks only of his own pleasure and disregards the rights and comfort of others. He enjoys the

sensation of smoke in his nose, mouth and throat, and he can not understand why tobacco smoke should be obnoxious and even cause pain to others, any more than a poodle dog just out of the water can understand why people move away as he shakes the water from his fur.

"The smoker does not understand that the smoke he -loves may cause pain and hoarseness in the throat of a singer who is not a smoker, and when he has filled a room with tobacco smoke, he would ridicule the idea that it is a hardship for any man or woman to have to sleep in that room after he has left the house.

"As majorities rule, it is obvious that a man who does not smoke is a crank with no rights to pure air and comfort that a smoker need respect.

Among the few places left as sanctuaries from tobacco smoke are the church and the powder magazine, but a man can not be expected to spend all his time in such places, for if he is a business man, he has to go to his office occasionally.

"When you ask men or women if they object to your smoking in house or office, they will urge you to smoke because they are polite, but if they are not smokers, the chances are a hundred to one that they would be much better pleased if you would forego your pleasure for a time rather than cause discomfort to others."

EASTER BLOSSOMS By Elizabeth Cannon Porter

Joan Ware wondered when Mr. Tate would propose. He

had intimated that he would not marry again until his children were gone. Effie, the youngest, had been married three months. Joan had

not seen much of him since.

It was early Spring, when life renews itself. Nature donned new

garb for the season. Pairs of robbins prepared their apartments.

Crocusses, pale yellow and lavender, cast off their shackles of snow;

goodscented violets snuggled beneath their green canopies; school

children brought in pussy willows with their gray cotton balls.

The very wind from the south seemed to suggest breath of undiscovered countries.

The middleaged woman was stirred by feelings that she had thought buried these twenty years. The immediate cause of them

had been the look in Dr. Burke's eyes when he assisted her up. Had

it been the long grilling in the dentist's chair that had caused her heart to pound so? Women, she knew, are apt to flatter themselves

about men's attentions. But then eyes, she reflected, always tell the

truth, and Dr. Burke's eyes

The incident set her to wondering about Tate. He was her

attorney and their semibusiness relations had extended over a period of years. She was the support of her mother and he had a family

to care family to whom he did not care to give a stepmother. for,—a

Still there had been a sort of understanding that if he were free

His anaemic attentions had included flowers for her mother on her birthday, and fruit, also for her mother, at Christmas; the loan of!

a book; a walk home from the library; attending to some minor

business. They liked to talk, though Joan considered him somewhat oldfashioned in his views. He seemed to be a gentleman of

the old school. Love, Joan thought, is like a flame. It has to be

stoked with fuel if it is to continue to burn brightly. Neglected,

it flickers out.

Her mother had died the year before, at an advanced age, and left Joan afloat like a derelict. So long had her activities centered

around the older woman that when she was gone life seemed a vacuum. Although she had been a devoted daughter, Joan felt that

she had wasted her life. The men that she had known in her youth

were marrying off their own daughters now.

Yet how many of the world's activities are carried on by the socalled "oldmaids,"useful, unselfish work which people absorbed by their own families cannot do. A successful school teacher, her pentup motherhood had expressed itself in instructing twenty roomfuls

of other people's children. She was an actress in the ward's dramatics,

president of the Y. L. M. I. A., secretary of the Nature Study club,

522 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and a beneficent aunt to numerous nephews and nieces. Also a sort of

fairy godmother to some country cousins interested in the styles of the this and muchcity. A gracious mistress of a charming home—all

more she was.

If Henry Tate had offered his sympathy during those first lonely months of bereavement, he would have secured Joan. But,

missing the chaperonage of the elder woman, he did not call. He

was a great stickler on appearances. Joan felt that he considered himself of superior social position. Having acquired worldly possessions

hard, he was inclined to place undue value upon them. Also he

seemed concerned with Effie, but now she was gone.

A few days after the dental episode, Dr. Burke came to her.

He drew up in front of the house in his slim, gray roadster.

"Slip on your coat and come with me for a breath of Spring air,"he called gaily.

She went gladly. In the park the trees were budding out into

pale feathery green. Dr. Burke pointed to beds of pink tulips and

early jonquils.

"Some lives are like bulbs enwrapped in commonplace brown casings until the opportunity offers for them to bloom. Life is always

moving. New conditions call for changes. You would be a different woman if you got out of your old environment,"he added

suddenly. "At my age?"she asked incredulously.

"You have discovered the fountain of youth for which Ponce de

Leon became the original Florida tourist."

"What is it?"

"A keen interest in life. Witness Sarah Bernhardt."

After that Norman Burke came often and they sped out into the open. "Have to get out after being shut in the office all day,"he explained laconically.

He drove fast and he always knew where to go. Joan liked

to leave everything to him. The color came to her cheeks, brightness

to her eyes. She groomed herself with care and shopped for clothes.

"You remind me of Mendelsohn's Spring Song,"he complimented her when she came out in rose. (The color enveloped her

like an aura.)

One rainy night they sat in the house and read Kipling's poems.

As she listened to her visitor's sonorous tones, she seemed to hear the boom of British artillery in the uncolored East Indian landscape.

Still she heard nothing from Tate.

One day they sat at a rustic table at Pinecrest. Their gaze

encompassed the greenswaddled canyon through which the covered wagons had made their toilsome way nearly eighty years before. The adventurous courage of his forebears welled up in the

doctor.

EASTER BLOSSOMS 523

"I would like to have you sit opposite me like this always,"he said suddenly. "Will you?"

Joan looked at him astonished.

"You mean?"

"Let's be married at Easter."

"Oh, I couldn't so there's Mr. Tate,"she objected soon,—and

feebly.

You're not engaged to him?"

"No—"He's about fifteen years older than you, anyway, isn't he?"

"Nearer twenty."

Burke threw back his head and laughed.

"Why, Joan, you wouldn't want an old man like that. In a

few years'you would be running with flannels."Thus summarily he

disposed of Tate.

Although Joan said that she couldn't, she did. She prepared

her clothes for the Temple, and was married to Dr. Burke for time

and eternity, while the whole earth was blossoming with the renewal of its Easter time with its promise of life after death. covenants,—at

The bride herself was lovely as an Easter lily emerged from the bulb.

Love glorified her, like a butterfly escaped from the chrysalis.

Photo by Courtesy D. S. Spencer, Gen, Pass. Agent, U. P. System, Salt Lake City.

RED CANYON HIGHWAY. ROAD TO BRYCE AND SOUTHERN UTAH

524 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Clad in tweeds they departed for southern Utah. For a fleeting

moment Joan thought of Tate.

"Well, if he'd made as cautious a husband as he did lover, it's a good thing that I lost him,"she reflected. She remembered the

slow bridegroom in "Young Lochinvar,"who stood "dangling his bonnet and plume."Only her lover's escaping steed in this case

happened to be a modern automobile. She devoted her attention to

her husband, who seemed to require considerable of it.

It was rose time in Utah's Dixie. For a month they reveled

in the color that is Bryce, the immensity that is the Grand Canyon, the spiritual beauty that is the Little Zion.

On their return home, Joan found among her dusty, accumulated letters one from Mr. Tate summoning her to call at his office to sign

some papers. As it was addressed to "Miss Joan Ware,"in his

stilted handwriting, she judged that he had not heard of her marriage.

Photo by Courtesy D. S. Spencer, Gen. Pass. Agent, U. P. System, Salt Lake City

THE BEAUTY THAT IS LITTLE ZION

When she reached his office she was arrested by hearing her name. The door was ajar and she heard him say in his precise,

punctilious way to his law partner:

"You say, Walter, that you think Miss Ware expects me to marry her? I don't see how she could think that. Our relations

have been confined to business."

EASTER BLOSSOMS 525

Joan flushed. Then she tiptoed to the end of the hall. She

walked boldly back and entered the office.

Tate noticed how well she looked.

After greetings, Joan removed her gloves. She signed herself

"Joan W. Burke.""You see I've changed my name. I was married a month ago—

she stated simply.

Mr. Tate's jaw sagged.

"I hadn't heard."He forced a sickly smile.

Life Supernal

Where are those erstwhile sires of days ago.

With grayhaired mothers whom I loved so dear

Who felt the night, the day, the sunset glow,

Then meteorlike vanished from me here?

E'en father, mother, friends, both old and young,

Who lived as I live, felt life's real song;

Came then their requiem was sung, day—their

While I remain to sense that they are gone.

Are we quite sure our faith is founded well?

These years of aspirations, hope and all

That those now gone yet live. What tongue can tell

That there shall be a future life at all?

Experience adds but little to our quest;

These human heartthrobs, trials, grief and pain

That inspire our deep sympathy and zest

Give little proof that men shall live again.

An individual can I yet be, Or shall "Nirvana"be my awful fate?

"Life's light blown out,"shall this yet come to me?

Shall grim death end it all in this estate?

Can Christian hope be vague delusion here,

That claims immortal life at any cost?

Does life exist when men pass from this sphere?

Is resurrection tangible at most?

Keen is my soul to sense that here, today,

E'en though I doubt or live in faith and prayer,

That I am nearer now than yesterday,

To going where my sires have gone—SOMEWHERE. That I shall cease to feel the dawn—the glow,

And those who love me shed a passing tear.

Yet in my soul am I sure that I know,

That I shall live when I am gone from here?

Sweet intuition, innate in my soul,

Impels the truth despite all doubt and pain.

That life is one sublime, majestic whole.

And death a birth. I shall yet live again

To sense the handshake of those friends of yore

E'en father, mother, kindred ones now gone,

Through resurrection, are real as before.

This, then, my goal. I know I shall live on!

Los Angeles O. F. URSENBACH.

NOTES ON THE BOOK OF MORMON By J. M. Sjodahl

I.

THE PLATES—THE CHARACTERS

On September 22, 1827, the original plates from which the

Book of Mormon was translated were delivered to the Prophet Joseph

Smith by the angel Moroni, the resurrected messenger from God, who had charge of that marvelous literary work.

The Plates. Those plates had the appearance of gold, and are,

therefore, generally called "the golden plates."They were about eight

inches in length and seven in width. Fastened together with three

rings, they formed a volume about four inches thick. Each plate was

somewhat thinner than "common tin."

Number and Weight of the Plates. Some critics of the Book of

Mormon have asserted that the dimensions of the plates and the thickness of the volume, as given, do not allow for a sufficient number of plates to contain the entire text of the book; and that a sufficient

number of such gold plates of the dimensions and thickness given would be too heavy for any man to handle.

The Rev. M. T. Lamb, for instance, in his The Golden Bible,

comes to the conclusion that the plates the Prophet Joseph had could, on the most liberal estimate possible, contain only from onethird to oneeighth of the text printed in the English version.

He accepts the statement that the volume was 7x8 inches and four inches thick. Then he allows fifty plates to an inch, making two

hundred plates in all. But, he says, the Prophet did not translate

more than onethird of that number, the rest being sealed. That is,

he translated only 66 or 67 of the 200 plates. But the text in the

American edition covers 563 pages, and at least an equal number of pages would have been required for the Hebrew or Egyptian text.

Consequently, he says, it is impossible that the Book of Mormon could have been translated from the plates Joseph had, and he infers that the Prophet did not have any plates at all.

Others have asserted that if the Prophet had a volume, such as that claimed to have been in his possession, it would have weighed about five hundred pounds, or more, and, consequently, been too unwieldy to carry and handle, as represented. The inference again is,

of course, that the prophet did not have any plates.

1.- What are the facts, as far as known, concerning the size and

number of the plates?

David Whitmer, in an interview in the Kansas City Journal, said of the plates shortly before his death:

"They appeared to be of gold, about six by nine inches in size, about

NOTES ON THE BOOK OF MORMON 527

as thick as parchment, a great many in number, and bound togethc.- liV*

the leaves of a book by massive rings passing through the edges.""

Martin Harris, according to Myth of the Manuscript Found, b estimated the plates at eight by seven inches, and the thicknc of the volume at four inches, each plate being as thick as thick tin.

Orson Pratt did not see the plates himself, but his intimacy with the Prophet and the other eye witnesses lends great weight to his testimony regarding any question of fact on which he speaks. He

tells us that the plates were eight by seven inches, and that the entire volume was about six inches in thickness, while each plate was about as thick as common tin.

Such are the statements that have come down to us regarding the dimensions of the plates. The variations are really slight, and

easily accounted for. No measurements were taken at the time the

plates were seen. The measurements given are but estimates made

many years afterwards, in answer to questions pressed upon them in the course of what amounted almost to cross examination. The

witnesses give, therefore, their individual estimates and nothing more.

And the essential agreement and the slight variations both are strong presumptive evidence of the truth of the testimony, the variations confirming the statements by proving absence of collusion.

The question now is, Could onethird of a volume c of metal leaves 8x7x4 inches (Martin Harris), or 8x7x6 inches (Orson

Pratt), contain a sufficient number of plates, each as thick as parchment or tin, to yield the necessary space for the entire text of the

Book of Mormon, in the original language in which it was engraved?

The illustration which appeared in the April, 1923, number of the Improvement Era, pages 542 and 543, is a complete answer to that question.

It is a facsimile of a sheet of paper, 8x7 inches, upon which a Hebrew translation of fourteen pages of the American text of the Book of Mormon have been written in the modern square,

Hebrew letters in common use. The translation was made by Mr.

Henry Miller, a Hebrew by birth, thoroughly versed in the language of his fathers, and a member of the Church. On this sheet he has

demonstrated that the entire text of the Book of Mormon, as the

American readers have it, could have been written in Hebrew on 40 and a fraction plates in all, 8x7 inches. pages—21

The accompanying illustration is equally striking. It is a reproduction of a translation of seven pages of the American text of the Book

of Mormon, also by Brother Miller, but written in the Phonician or old Israelitic characters, which were in use at the time of Lehi. It

proves that even if written in these larger characters, the entire book required only 80 and a fraction plates in all. pages—41

aThis is quoted from The.Prophet of Palmyra, and may or may not

be authentic.,

bAn excellent little book by George Reynolds.

cTwothirds being sealed.

528 IMPROVEMENT ERA

S->.'.,...''.

H.y7-*-<\,,l4?3vsii*"-vM?.a->>'—v>u. --,*. i v >,-,a 4. -,.,..,, -, im'MttuSMni )-

,,i>.'->.:W-vi.'"iu;?.-?'ij.?V.'f*J'r>?<''i--?* MfcMfl '-/.v.<m->i-*W"*4>,V\j>.7U

i>o?. <i,(WMMM -U m<. 1J! u nAVrfWSsjUii'|WX''i'jt'MlWiyiKH

'j U,*ii9ie \t*MA >V ami sinmi |Mf.Afiuj f4ivrto4 r"i rryi tMTWMW <tt1W OWlnKMpy,ifrtJfj\mSf04iA.4JwM'Wjfi4*lv<9l->4Mtfriirftit

i-\ "art"?-<--....* - -iw.j).'.. -v.* '4.*W3';.-*,?.,; v i-v i>vi.'- HMJ*iJ,;*). SHV.fiJVV.

,--'*-.v;.\M.-.''.|,. SM.-- -:'V- li -.vl':m.-l;,r.a--:..ai 1 l l <r1ll..;.,V.V'*l-V

l-*'"',A'.<.'"W 4.—, - i-'.-l "?> -i-. i 'J -4—.>l-HM-)\;i\ WAjl-'.-... --J<-- 41>-.-l''<./I

-.-i."";>.'> /*<.(.- <!< - -i 'if t -(MS';i'-.'.-5tli-v*l -l.-i.-'-i -i-i.m ll..o'Jfll-H.-..M-,< -T?>->,.*. JWA.:. 5..IJ.HU"

f*i,:WH1*i1f 5J?MTt!?*.VW,W***Ws) WS-.-fMHAj*?!*, i-si.t.; v.'.;.< w 'Vi.u n-y.i?..r<Ki-)i W:—>">. -??-; >;--::- ----;:- n. -!?> \'V-- '-i.". j?.?.j "i:i';;-;.:-. i-ivir -?.--;:i.w-vv <li-<i".*

l-iv,v,-c.-).v'"r: -.!-. 1-<.'wT.i'-!'--<y l;-'-.'.'r\-<H'! ftjrbU 551 M 'A-9 -v",i-?i -45 9W9H -M".: -. K

t4&**lT ",")i<s-. *-a; iiii>-'.'K-fl.--i*<jt-'< li.-'?-;.kc'r-i?wtV-c;v>t<.i. *'4:tT?.--<.-; -:- oii*--jiwv.--. -\i

J?".5 Wti* 9*trfASW.M?W1tirtfl?'i**HXA<3?J*i?jff4?'i>H7IHKrt"<1ir?.*iJ1>?.W&.m.ttfilRM V#f*!*'.*-v

JfT-- 7i; *W i-TV.">. '.-.? >-<>-:. -j*>i jfi T-i tj '.to "?n fiur >?m r ti i,j o.v J* TJtAtmiJH '. 3i> TCiUMTO/j.-. g

-ArT-3\;--ii-;\-.-ivM'\i?W-:i-<?# rAr'sij'?: vv,44? i-!V>'i-i.-.o<-"i?v>tft -!,-.'.!;..*<.. r-;-:'W-'A,, <>,

".'--iV tsA* 37:7J5?MMVLi? i Mil -,'vi?.= BO.'* "v. n-v-;?yj\3 v ->**V a3?\uc\m -i;JV> VVA>', ijyin-t- v 3in KiSl

y:.-.'.1:1l1r(J'--...;!:I.-. BJi (1'-'-—'r JA-.t'j'? i *1J+j-'.i U> 4 \< *<H e'Mtv JW704j 3J7?A? TJ.WV

;>*'".?>(?"ij?7-. /v?5 v.-vj*. t> wrJ*'*** j-s?>?>.'4 t?>iaf?v-?.wfv vf?flW vcf<??<*wywhW WWW yjv

t-:viAl ',M WJo- ':* l-W -!.sHi)H.i "771 \w-. *?v i\i,r}v i\M i TJ7H\j1*1*i 1?9A& IWOrt V,7;-<AOij)v( HMD -,)M j

, v;-;r\7?;- -Vcn-'nTi5W?3Jrti">',, v?< '*-<7i t'7 3i?y iiW?w?Vi.AA"?Vi>t( a-j ijwweW *-v.7->-i*h

jAWV< 3*f!-w?4"-v(,c;iSl''?';<-"3?*v''?t 'i?'l".''",<.t71->:l.-V>'4.J>7<J.-JMi<Nt'--0;.-.\JY.-"H-it-\

SJi.H Mum "WW?)?.iN.*.iw-i 9 KMj'A*'1--T wi.fc #*H ivj; w? tnl-'?wiji AlB-J-jtrn JT'StiJn

i?i 'WS 7: J-'U-i lv 7.V1 oS'WHiSiU fit?5v(7?w;'A?7?ai7'?-Iy*l -Wj t?W t*\- -vvj.yiisvt5>C7.ATi *3ii<#3i

ft-?i 3rwM -,'tnLYny vi7j *? m* iw.it t ah,'ftie nrr* omvv -j?A7i\i?< 1 noi-A \w- >us v lv,, ( j,,, -j, -,, l:1

A.-51 vrakH WVWft.11*- WTO AJNJTlTT'Jiy xWahw JVC of,A WfiWtflliWI.?. >-4 W; l "PJAUA S!l tW 7-l?.iMT7H-?

7Mt'-: n<V <H';?il?icto?';-7t<?4Sii3A5i*fi.-iA-'il,; vH MA M\ *-0*UVLH\i.W.1?5vi?\3inulv\ j.T)?-,: 3IKM A

V.-vM:trf7.w<tH'"?-a 44rl?5Aa7 55, 3nf'tWVl3t'tVAltn?<;s'4?4''CtiiJYqi'A7.\*iJ3a'\i1?l

S'VTWH'JAIJI -'i''i 1-VV Ai<:i \i,-4 BMW l>.li>l 'iWSl V-t?\*\ i'\d \tiMJMWi? WJtSWlTW.H.1?WS V VIAlm3A'UMJ

?.'A JiT'7:>-!.i\f -ci'-'?JM7Aa.A"TjV<-'v'5 w(taVi?3V.-iwAM'VJk;'i-'auvy'rt7?>."r-5A-3 7ffao*tfJlilf?V13H

i37 WW3S3TW i\\*W '1*1? iX"p Hffl<?i"A'70 rV?tJiV7,-i*A'3?-;<3+0?"<7<-- '?*?'"3;\*"H--to?.tSlVJM!JtA Wl<At SVK''3?'.-S3 W-ViH'AAlW-5?tWJ13* i7?5wvian3W,tilt?<tM? i-'*M,'3A5'i*V'.A

W5f>3Wil!7#vareH?Ky\a,751i.6-iB?trfBV.M!n-3AUJJf3ioT74BA 5?

w.'54't.*.V4A %"!?.".<.'4 7W*7W 3 7i ffA'Mi'i'JBu* }S1H <( Sii?-* 3vSlA703*.l>?4-tAAMAriaJi75V;jiA'}JjHJ3XASOA 1L XA *A< A3<:'tf'-"'<

/Kv"/"""}/6 *> tieLTtn Tt*.t, P,'u'?i.r;an letters.

Translation, in Phonician or old Israelitic characters, of the American text of seven pages of the Book of Mormon

True, we are not in possession of all that the Prophet translated from the record, since the first 116 pages of written manuscript were lost, through the carelessness of Martin Harris, but even if we allow four plates for those exceedingly liberal pages—an allowance—45

plates could have contained the entire Book of Mormon.

Not Incredible. This is easily explained. The Hebrews of

old did not write any vowels, but only the consonants, and they did not leave much blank space between letters and lines, as we do. Nor

did they need as many small words as we do to complete a sentence.

Frequently their auxiliary words were a single letter attached to the main word, either as a prefix or a suffix. And they used many

abbreviations. All this meant a great saving of spaced If the entire

rfThe subdivision of the Hebrew text of the Bible was not begun before the thirteenth century of our era. The Masoretic punctuation, including

most of the vowels now in use to aid the student in pronouncing the words, was not introduced till some time between the 6th and the 9th centuries.

The separation of the text into words is not found in the oldest manuscripts.

The square letters of the consonants were not employed before the 3rd century of our era.

NOTES ON THE BOOK OF MORMON 529

volume was four inches thick, onethird, or even onefourth—fifty

furnish ample space for the entire text engraved in large,plates—would

legible characters. e

2. What are the facts as to the weight of such a volume?

Thirtyfive twentydollar gold pieces would about cover a surface 8x7 inches. To make a column four inches high, fortyeight

such pieces would be needed. Consequently, 35 times 48 twentydollar gold pieces, or 1,680 in all, would make up the dimensions

of the entire volume, 8x7x4 inches. But a twentydollar gold piece

weighs, as I am informed, 2\y2 pennyweights. That would make

a total of 123 pounds avoirdupois, if my figures are correct.

But from this total liberal deductions must be made. The

plates were not fine gold. The plates of Nephi were made of "ore,"

and Moroni also mentions "ore"as the material of which his plates were made (I Nephi 19:1; Morm. 8:5.). The a ore—possibly

copper have had considerably less weight than the 2 3 -karat alloy—must

gold of which gold coins are made. Then, again, we cannot suppose

that the plates fitted so closely together as gold coins stacked in columns. There must have been some space between each pair, especially if, as is possible, they were hammered and not cast. Furthermore, an allowance must be made for the metal cut away by the engraver from both sides of each plate. Everything considered, the

volume must have weighed considerably less than a hundred pounds, even on the supposition that the dimensions given are accurate and not mere approximations.

But since it has been shown that the entire text could have been engraved on 45 plates, let us suppose that it was not quite four inches in thickness, and that it contained, including the 2/3 sealed part, 135, instead of 200 plates; then the weight would be a fraction over

83 pounds, and with the deductions required not over 50 pounds.

The Prophet Joseph could easily have handled a volume of that weight.

But is it absolutely certain that he had charge of the entire volume? The three witnesses were shown the volume, not by Joseph

Smith but by an angel from heaven, and they so testify. The eight

witnesses,- to whom the Prophet Joseph showed the record, testify thus: "As many of the leaves as the said Smith has translated we

did handle with our hands; and we also saw the engravings theron."

A natural inference from this would be that the Prophet did not show them the sealed part. Orson Pratt says:

"You recollect that when the Book of Mormon was translated from

*The first edition of the Book of Mormon has 5 90 pages, 12:mo. The

first European edition, Liverpool, 1841, reprinted from the second American edition, has 634 pages. The third American edition printed in Nauvoo,

1840, has 571 pages; the second European edition, Liverpool, 1849, has

563 pages. The American edition of 1912 has 5 22 pages.

/Comp. Ex. 39:3: "And they did beat the gold into thin plates."

530 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the plates, about twothirds were scaled up, and Joseph was commanded not to break the seal; that part of the record was hid up."

If this means that the sealed part was hidden somewhere while the translation of the other part was in progress, and if Orson Pratt was correctly informed on that point, then the Prophet Joseph had charge only of the unsealed part, which he translated and which he showed the eight witnesses. There can, then, be no question whatever of the enormous weight of the plates. The record which Joseph

had in his possession was not heavier than he, who was unusually strong, physically as well as mentally, could lift and handle as required. h

Simitar Objections to the Bible. At one time similar objections

were urged against the Old Testament description of the furniture in the Tabernacle. Moses tells us that Bezaleel made an ark, or box,

of wood, in which the Law was deposited. It was overlaid, we read,

with pure gold "within and without."The cover of this box was

a lid of pure gold (Ex. 25:17; 37:6), iy2 cubits long and \ l/2

cubits wide. That is, it was an immense gold plate, 4 feet 3 inches

by 2 feet 7 inches, or about 1 1 square feet. On this lid two cherubs

were placed, one at each end. These figures were hammered of pure

gold. Their wings overshadowed the lid and must, consequently,

have been of considerable size. The box, we are told, was carried by

priests before. the camp of Israel during the wanderings in the wilderness. Some critics used to say that this was impossible. The box,

the solid gold lid, the gold statues, the stone tables, all formed a burden too heavy to handle without machinery. But that kind of criticism

is obsolete, whether applied to the Bible or the Book of Mormon.

Metal Plates not Unknown Anciently. Greeks and Romans anciently used ivory tablets, and, more frequently, wooden tablets,

beech or fir. These were sometimes coated over with wax, and the

record was made with a sharp instrument called stylus. Two or

more such tablets might be joined together by means of wire rings, as were the Book of Mormon plates. Parchment made of skins of

animals was a favorite material for important records, and vellum, or calf skin, was common in early days. Papyrus was in common

use, especially among the Romans, until toward the end of the 9tb century, paper made from the cotton plant was substituted. But

engraving on metal plates was also known anciently. In Ex. 39:39

we read that the High Priest wore a gold plate on his crown, on which certain words were engraved, and Jeremiah has this notable expression: "The sin of Judah is written with a pen of iron, and

with the point of a diamond: it is graven upon the table of; their

hearts."(Jer. 17:1.) That proves beyond a question that the

Israelites in the days of Jeremiah were acquainted with the art of

sJour. of Dis.. vol. 3. p. 347.

''History of the Prophet Joseph, by Lucy Smith, pp. 85 and 105. The

incident told must have been related by the Prophet himself.

NOTES ON THE BOOK OF MORMON 531

making records by means of engraving on tablets of some hard substance, since otherwise the words, "table of their hearts,"would have been unintelligible. In this connection it can be mentioned that

the newspapers on Feb. 21, 1927, reported that copper plates had

been found in Georgia, near the Etowah mound, by Dr. Warren K.

Moorehead, of Andover, Mass.

Partly Sealed. As noted in a previous paragraph, part of the

volume was sealed and inaccessible to the translator. Orson Pratt*

says twothirds. That part, we are told, contained an account of

those great things which were shown to the brother of Jared (Ether 3:2538), and also the revelations given to John, the beloved,

on Patmos.-'The promise is given that "When the people of the

Lord are prepared and found worthy, the sealed portion will be unfolded unto them."

In My Play Not as I labor from sun to sun,

To finish the tasks of the day begun,

Not as I toil for a daily wage,

In a round of years, from youth to age;

Not as you watch my constancy,

Shall you be the judge of the best of me,

For my work, designed and circumscribed,

Is planned for me and paid and bribed.

Be it crude or skilled or commonplace,

To a ticking clock I set my pace,

And my loyalty may be servitude,

As I bend my arts to a livlihood.

It is my puy, in my leisure hours,

That I burst my bands and divert my powers;

It is there that I enter false or true,

To match my good or my bad with you;

It is there that I score for pride or shame,

As I tally square or foul the game,

My best, my worst is released and free,

And I play debased or gloriously!

Mesa, Arizona. BERTHA A. KLEINMAN.

iJour. of Dis., vol. 3, p. 347.

iLetter by Oliver Cowdery to Messenger and Advocate, Feb., 1835

Millennial Star, vol. 1, p. 44.

i

'.! X"i ( fch

'- '"'''. tic"*

: JBEK T *-,;i

Photo by Frank Beckwith Cove Fort, Erected by Ira Nathaniel Hinckley, in 186 7

HISTORIC OLD COVE FORT By Frank Beckwith

1 of any The old ever gives way to the new. Cherished landmarks

region, one by one, are replaced or changed by the onward march of not always by way of betterment. Even though sentiprogress—and

ment lingers about a spot as ivy clings to an old English ruin, the ruthless new strips away those endearing remembrances, and the spirit of commercialism supplants the tender recollections of the past.

Historic "Old Cove Fort"is now a "Dude Ranch!"

Alongside those ancient walls is now a gas station, a hideous thing of galvanized iron, and stalls to display wares for the camper.

Nailed upon the very stones (that but for them would breathe a spirit of deepest sentiment) are now gaudy road signs, screeching with raucous voice a message to the autoist. A huge sign tells you it is

a "Camping Station."But, you have to hunt, in neglect, in weathered

paint growing dim, to find the words which bring into being everyfondest remembrance of the place—"Old Cove Fort."

As it Was The photo shows the historic old place several years ago, befote it became commercialized. It was taken just before the streams of autos

began coming down Zion Park Highway; it was then near to what

it was in the years of a generation ago. No gas station then disfigured it; no hawkster rent the air with a cry of his wares, informing

the speeding tourist to "load 'er an'oil. Place to camp up—gas

overnight."

How different is that from the salutation of old. Then there

was a breath of welcome in the hospitality; then the freedom of the

plains rang in the friendly salutation.

One Should Linger The first visit I made to Old Cove Fort, I arrived late at night,

HISTORIC OLD COVE FORT 533

nearly midnight. It was cold and raw, and a chilly wind wafted

down the canyon from the snowladen peaks of Mt. Belnap, for it was

in October, and the moaning of the wind presaged Winter. There

was none to welcome me. All was still. The quiet was most peaceto the nerves that had watched the road for long,ful—soothing

dreary hours. I made my bed behind a big iron sign which told the

traveler the way to Bryce Canyon. I was to pass and repass that

that night it servedsign many times in the Summers to come;—but

me well as a windbreak, and my slumbers were unbroken till morn.

Another time I came back in the early afternoon.

That day I had ample leisure. What a fine, wholesome, quiet

air the old place had! I unlimbered my camera to take a view of

the historic old spot in its quiet repose and rustic simplicity. There

Photo by Frank Beckwith

Showing the ample gateway with the huge timbers still in place on which were hung the massive gates, eight inches thick. The homey scene which gives sentiment

to the historic old spot.

was a wash on the line within, a peep of which I had through the open doorway, lending it a really homey background. And better yet, just

when I was about to press the release, two innocent little lambs, just learning the use of those wobbly legs of theirs, emerged timidly through che big portal.

What a contrast to a scene of rushing, painted, whooping, yelling braves against closed doors!

'Twas a long cry indeed from the domestic scene of a quiet afternoon, on wash day, with two innocent little lambs emerging 534 IMPROVEMENT ERA

through a gate designed to, lock out a horde of savage reds, to a scene of hasty flight within those walls, a huddling of little ones at a mother's mounting the wall and cruel tubes side—of men

of steel soon to spurt death into the foe!

Yes, a severe task on the imagination. For the very purpose for

which the old fort was built was never realized. There never was an

attack made on it, no hasty retreat within, no menace of guns through the port holes.

And yet, should a critic say, "Your picture is spoiled by the wash hanging on the line within, and you shouldn't have gotten the two little lambs in it,"I should tell that critic that sentiment had atrophied in his to me the picture is enhanced by those being—that

very elements.

Today, how different! The last time I visited the old place,

a fruit and vegetable stand stood close to the open doorway; a big

red, conspicuous gas pump flanked the other side. A shed with

corrugatediron roof was leaned against the walls. Stalls for the

display of road repair articles bade for attention. And above it all,

a big sign howled a message tinged with commercialism.

Then I didn't linger. Merely the needs of the road, was all!

But when I took the first picture, to linger wasi a pleasure; how

nice it was on those visits to ask the lady of the house for a drink, merely to make entry into conversation, which always brought out the polite response, and before one was aware of it, a lively conversation was in progress.

"When was the old fort built?"

"In 1867,"she answered; "it was erected by Ira Nathaniel

Hinckley, acting under orders from President Brigham Young, as a protection against the Indians."

"Was there ever a massacre here, or actual fighting?"I questioned, eager to get a story, and hoping to be filled to overflowing

with harrowing details, attack and repulse.

"No, not that I ever knew of. No hostilities have ever been

told me."Disappointed in that! I listened, however, with interest to hef

recital that the place was used for years as a stage station in the long ago; also that boy riders carried mail from Beaver to Fillmore,

stopping there for change of mount. And then I recalled that my

late friend, Nelson S. Bishop, now dead several years, had told me

that he rode that stretch himself; that once (he was then a lad of

only eleven) he was met by five mounted braves, who stopped his horse, surrounded him, and while several sat on guard, one dismounted and examined him, his horse, and saddle bags. 'The

thoroughly alarmed boy was greatly relieved when they let him ride on. The incident burned deeply into his impressionable mind.

A. A. Hinckley's Birthplace

One day last fall, President A. A. Hinckley came into my office,

HISTORIC OLD COVE FORT 535

and, in glancing over the pictures which hang on the walls, exclaimed:

place where I was born!""Why there's dear Old Cove Fort!—the

I insisted on the promise of a letter, and soon there came into my hands details of the historic old spot, so full of fond recollections to him. That letter read:

"My father, Ira Nathaniel Hinckley, supervised the building of the fort, acting under appointment from Brigham Young. It was considered a place of complete safety from any molestation from the

Indians. The huge gates, eight inches thick, and studded with steel

nails to hold the wood in place, were closed each night. What a

feeling of protection my father and his family felt behind those massive walls and those strongly barred portals!

"We lived there for years. It was our 'home.'With special

pride my father used to make it pleasant for any chance traveler.

Those were the days of genuine hospitality. Historic Old Cove Fort

lives in my memory, not as a fort, but as a home.

"No, Mr. Beckwith, it was not attacked by Indians. Its grim

walls, those threatening port holes, the sense of absolute security which those solid rock walls and those heavy gates gave, no doubt, deterred the Indians from ever attempting an attack. But that is not all.

Acting under the wise instruction of Brigham Young, my father faithfully carried out in rigorous exactitude that policy early laid down, 'Feed the Indian rather than fight him.'That was the greater

reason why there was no attack. For always we maintained the most

friendly relations with our red brother.

"Sweet memories of my childhood cling to that spot. 'Twas

there I was reared under the watchful care of a noble mother, and the influence of the example of a wonderful father. Every morning and

evening, no matter how many strangers were within those gates, my father took the entire family across the open space to one of those wellkept rooms, and there they all knelt in humble family prayer.

"One time I was thrilled. Many preparations were being busily

worked upon. All was bustle and activity within the fort and home.

President Brigham Young and his party were to be received by my father in Old Cove Fort! How well do I remember that wonderful,

theinspired leader of men! And he a guest at my father's house—in

edifice tohome which won the name, historic Old Cove Fort!—the

which my earliest and fondest recollections are attached."

"Perhaps,"continues President Hinckley in that letter, "you would be interested in some of the details my father wrote to President

George A. Smith in an official communication of the long ago: 'The

fort is built of volcanic rock, laid up in lime mortar. The walls are

one hundred feet square outside, three feet thick at the bottom, tapering to eighteen inches at the top, and eighteen feet high. There were

ten rooms within the enclosure. Facing the east is a gateway fourteen

feet square. Opposite this is a small gateway on the west side, eight

by four feet. Huge gates, eight inches thick, are slung on big, serviceable hinges. Above the rooms a runway is built behind the walls.

536, IMPROVEMENT ERA

with convenient port holes; behind the protection of those ample

walls, the defenders, could protrude their guns through the port holes and sweep every angle of approach to the fort, from their commanding point of vantage. The roof is covered with shaved shingles.'

Shaved shingles! Another lost art!

How different are those handshaved shingles from the presentday output of an unthinking machine. Into that old historic building

went men's lifeblood. Personality was expressed in each chipped

stone. In each hewn timber was embodied an output of character.

And each of those shingles was shaved by hand!

It is with ample reason that old timers draw up slowly in front of the fort now, and try to pierce with penetrating gaze beyond and through the hard, repelling iron that hides history, to espy within the mind's eye the scene of a family on its bended knees! Of a group

listening with rapture to the sonorous voice of the greatest leader

Utah has ever known! Or to see, disclosed within, that plebeian,

that humble evidence of a wash upon the line. home—a

Possibly instead of an innocent little lamb emerging through the gate, a flapper in knickers and half hose precedes a mechanic to pilot him to the car that needs the little tinkering he is asked to give.

No, the old gives way to the new! Gone into a vanishing past is

all the old sentiment, the rich, tingling, vibrant recollections of the days that were. Hominess, the clinging of sentiment to walls, are now

profaned by growths upon its sides. A huge, red blister marks a gas

tank. Where holiness bespoke from an archway, now a roadsign

advertisement clamors for attention.

Save as permanent record is made in photo and type of this old historic spot, its history no longer clings to the old stones. A new

message has supplanted the former, tender not a better sentiments—but

message.

Old Cove Fort of the past, sanctified with the presence of the great, mellowed with the charm of home, softened with the influence of "family Old Cove Fort of a day and time long since prayer,"—the

gone, speaks no more from stone and doorway; but raucous signs

cry aloud the message of commercialism from its sides. The old

exists only in the mind's eyes.

The camera caught the transition a time when the old period—at

stones were unprofaned; before additions of the spirit of gain in

trade cried from them. And yet, neither camera nor pen can catch

and fix the spirit of the place. We may try. We may feebly revive,

in part measure, thoughts long buried in the stress of affairs,—but

who can depict the flood of association which wells in the heart of

President A. A. Hinckley, as he drives to that spot, and sees the old

birthplace, the "home"which received Brigham Cove Young—Old

Fort?

Delta, Utah.

WESTERNERS IN ACTION John M. Baxter

By Peter McKinnon The president of the Woodruff stake of Zion, oldest in service of the stake presidents, was born in Salt Lake City, June 3, 1859, the son of Robert Baxter and Jane McKinnon.

When twelve years of age, he moved with his mother and uncle,

Archibald McKinnon, to Randolph, Rich county, Utah. Archibald had

been called by President Young to assist in the colonization of the upper Bear River Valley. Here in his youth and early manhood,

he was inured to the hardships and privations incident to the development of a new country, being prominently identified with all the problems and projects tending to the material and spiritual wellbeing of the people.

In this environment, his natural inherent qualities developed into a strong character, which fitted him for the leader he was destined to become in later life. On

May 8, 1878, he married Miss Agnes Smith;

and on April 8, 1888, he left on a mission to the Southern States, laboring later principally in Mississippi and Alabama, and returning home March 25, 1890. He was called in September of that

same year to the office of bishop of Woodruff ward, and was ordained and set apart by president Wm. Budge of the Bear Lake stake. In this

capacity he labored until the organization of the Woodruff stake,

June 6, 1898, when he was appointed president of the stake and was set apart by Elder John Henry Smith.

Elder Baxter's missionary labors in the South were characterized by extreme hardships, persecution and mobbings. At that time anti538 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Mormon"agitation was everywhere rampant and probably nowhere more pronounced than in the South. On numerous occasions this

humble elder was compelled to stay out in the malarial swamps of

Mississippi for days at a time to avoid the evil designs of angry mobs, and on several occasions, except for the overruling hand of

Providence, would have met death at their hands.

In July, 1926, the Woodruff stake was divided, the eastern portion being organized as the Lyman stake. Before this division, in

order to make a tour of the wards, the presidency and other stake officers were required to travel about five hundred miles, and prior to the day of the automobile the major portion of this distance was covered by team, requiring about ten days'time for each visit.

With this humble servant of God, there is no such word as "falter."His life's ministry has been inspired by the spirit of love,

implicit faith in God, integrity, meekness, loyalty to the Priesthood, and unbounded devotion to duty. In this ministry the great injunction of the Redeemer of the world has been manifestly exemplified,

"If ye keep my commandments, ye shall abide in my love, even as I have kept my Father's commandments, and abide in his love. * *

* * This is my commandment, that ye love one another, as I have loved you."

President Baxter is the senior stake president of the Church.

On June 6, of the present year, he will have rendered twentynine years of faithful service; longer than any other living president.

Ogden, Utah.

A Busy Laborer

Patriarch Levi J. Taylor, working in the Salt Lake temple, has

ordained 1167, helped to baptize and confirm 10,33 7 and has been endowed for 114. He has helped 600 companies through the temple,

and has been absent but two days since his ordination, November 22, 1922, though he lives forty miles from the temple.

During the Summer vacation, 1926, he attended three reunions of his family, one in Idaho, one in his home town and one in Southern

Utah. Nearly one thousand were in attendance; the subjects discussed

were Genealogy and Temple Work.

As Patriarch in North Weber stake, he gave fortyfive blessings in 1926.

ATHLETICS IN OUR HIGH SCHOOLS By J. R. Tippetts, Superintendent Morgan County

School District A visitor at one of our competitive athletic games, as carried out among the high schools of the state, cannot but be struck with the intense enthusaism that pervades the very atmosphere of the engagement. The student bodies of the contending teams with their fluttering banners and streamers, their bands in gay costumes aligned on

either, side of the building, the phenominal audience of old as well as young that crowd every inch of seating and standing space within and often extend far out into the corridors, no matter how generous the proportions of the building, the howling, cheering mass that breaks forth as the teams appear for combat, give a setting most spectacular, and one is to be forgiven if in one's unguarded enthusiasm one unconsciously feels that the end of the world is about at hand.

For ages past scenes of this kind have been witnessed in particular parts of the world, but never in the life of humanity has there been a time when all the people of a state, old and young, rich and poor, rural and urban, have been so deeply interested and emotionally stirred by competitive athletic games as are those of the present age. Through

their close affiliation with the local high schools, each and every family feels the thrill of this excitement, and for months at a time the conversation at local clubs, at meal time, on the street corner, in the office, is dominated by the common chatter relative to contending games and teams.

It is not uncommon among high schools to put all the resources of the district behind a contending team; to travel unheardof distances over mountain roads and snows, taking large truck loads of

students, bands, school board members, faculty and townspeople into the enemy's camp, solely for the purpose of winning a game. The

games have become so popular that hundreds of dollars are collected as gate receipts and many more hundreds spent in reaching the game.

So important has this phase of school life become that a highly specialized and expertly administrated organization for the control and promotion of the enterprise has been set up in the state. The thing

has become so popular that in the minds of the public the efficiency of the school is measured solely by its athletic prowess.

Has the enterprise succeeded? Indeed it has, and there are many

in the state who will say that it has succeeded all too well, and who would gladly begin limiting this display of energy were it possible to do so. All administrators of school affairs agree that there is danger

of a warped community ideal of school efficiency, and are hopeful that some agency will arise that can restore a sane balance of affairs.

Here, as in other cases of public enterprizes, the school patrons 540 IMPROVEMENT ERA

are the final judge and are the agencies that can cast the deciding vote.

While the people as a whole have had little to say with the introduction of athletics in school, they have had a great deal to say about their increasing popularity. When the eyes of a community are fixed

upon the success or failure of an activity governed by public officers, it is only reasonable to expect that those officials will give the public what it wants.

As long as athletics stands out in the eyes of the public, until it is the chief interest of conversation on all corners and on all occasions, we can expect a catering group of officials. The history

of politics teaches us to expect this.

It is well, and many think it is now time, for the patrons of our schools to be cautious in their enthusiasm regarding athletics;

not that we want less athletics, but that we may have more of something else. When a student makes application to the University of

Utah, or the Agricultural College, or the Brigham Young University, these schools do not ask what was the standing of your school in athletics, but rather the student's rating in mathematics, English, and the social sciences, and set up very definite standards of attainment in them; so much so that recently 124 per cent of the enrollment of

one of these schools were recently dismissed from registration or put on probation, due to lack of efficient work.

The people at home must remember that it is within their power so to warp the curriculum of their high school by lavish display of enthusiasm toward any one department as seriously to effect the caliber of work in other, more essential departments. The public must

ask itself, "Is my support placed in the most vital spot?"

School people appreciate the enthusiasm of the public toward school work in any capacity. They agree that it is better to bring

the public to its feet in support of a ball game, rather than not bring it to its feet at all, and would not have it interpreted that they wish to belittle athletics. Conversely, they are proud of and are aware of the

great virtues in it. What we wish to avoid is a onesided emphasis

that may in the end so twist our desires as to make us deaf to more worthy ideals in school work. Athletics at its best should be only a

corollary to school work. If we make it more than this, and this

at the expense of more fundamental work, then indeed we have weakened our system and have at the same time demonstrated a weakness in discerning relative values.

Morgan, Utah

Thank God for a Summer morning with its roseate robes of sunrise;

its quiet fields of green; its softly murmuring streams; its diamonds of dew;

its fantastic shadows on the grass; its nodding flowers: its soft croons among

woodland nooks; its waving ferns; its thousands of orisons from feathered

throats; its hum of busy bees: its millions of echoes from far and near.

Yet, thank God for eyes that see, for ears that hear, for an understanding that appreciates, and for a soul that revels in nature and the wonderful handi-

C. RETSLOFF.work of the Master of all things.—DOROTHY

By Lamont Johnson

Buck Harris, district ranger of the Star Point national forest, swung easily out of his saddle in front of the Rock River village postoffice. The several stockmen and ranchers assembled there were one

cause of his stop and a letter in his hand was the other.

"Hello,"he called, and the men responded with friendly greeting.

"Just got down from the mountains?"one of them queried, and

the ranger nodded.

"How's the stock doin'?"asked another of the group, for the

cattlemen in Rock River Valley ranged their herds during the summer months on Star Point national forest. Because of this, they and the

ranger had interests in common in regard to livestock and grazing conditions.

"Most of them are doin'fine,"answered the ranger. "Nearly

everything is fat this season except a few old cows; they are not doing

so well. Say, Frank,"he added, addressing one of the men, "I found a

yearling heifer of yours yesterday on Butte Ridge partly eaten up. I

guess it's that lion that's been raising Ned on the range all summer."

"Well, that's the second one we've heard about this week,"declared Finley, owner of one of the largest cattle herds in the valley.

"Joe Barton found one of mine the other day just above Butte Ridge and two more halfeaten carcasses were found last week near Star

Point.""Something's got to be done about it right away,"asserted Frank

Gillis, owner of the yearling. The forest service or the government

ought to take a hand in that. It's Old Monarch and that sonof-a-gun

has killed five hundred dollars worth of cattle already this summer.

We can't stand that much longer."

"You won't have to,"the ranger assured him. "The U. S. biological department takes care of predatory animals. I'm sending a

letter right now asking them to send a lion hunter out here. With a

pair of good hounds, he'll soon put an end to the cattlekiller."

Four days later the lion hunter arrived with two very officiouslooking fox hounds. He remained in Rock River the night of his

arrival and set out in the afternoon of the following day for the cattle range on Star Point forest.

With him went two young Rock River hunters, Brown and Richards, by name, who had offered their services free, acting as guides to the professional hunter, regularly employed by the government. His

name was Caffey, and he accepted their company willingly.

"We'll take up the scent where the last animal was killed,"he announced to his companions. "If that was only five days back we

can easily follow the lion. It should not take us more than several

days unless he's been scared off this part of the forest."

542 IMPROVEMENT ERA

They made camp in a convenient place on Star Point that evening and early the following morning the lion hunt began.

It was late October and the aromatic odor of pines scented the quiet, hazy atmosphere. Indiansummer weather prevailed and even

the forest creatures, roving unobserved and unmolested through the woods, seemed to revel in the delightful environment of the mountain world.

For the last several years, cattlemen of Rock River Valley and sheepmen of neighboring districts adjoining the Star Point forest had complained of cattlekilling lions. Old Monarch was known to be the

chief marauder for, while others of his breed had been trapped or killed without much difficulty, this wary old desperado had successfully outwitted all human ingenuity exercised in an effort to end his annoying and predacious practices. And the cattlekilling continued.

Old Monarch had permitted himself to be seen many times, but an attempted near approach by the observer was sufficient to drive him to cover. The cautious old beast braved the charge of cowardice by

thus frustrating all efforts to end his licentious career.

By his long resistance of such attempts, Old Monarch had come to be considered the prize object of hunters and trappers working on the Star Point forest. To possess his pelt was enviously aspired

by every sportsman in the valley. And the longer he withstood

capture the more desirable became that pelt.

Caffey, Brown and Richards set out from camp with the barest equipment necessary for the prospective several days'hunt. They realized it would be a continuous ride, once the hounds got the scent.

Through the morning and until high noon they followed the winding trail up gently sloping mountain sides and through canyons heavy with trees and underbrush.

Shortly after midday they reached the scene of the last killing made by the lion. Emerging from a clump of pines and spruce, the

three men came upon the halfeaten carcass of Frank Gillis'heifer.

They carefully examined conditions surrounding the animal in an effort to determine the lion's methods. The dead body lay near a tall

pine tree which bore evidence of having been the hiding place of the great feline.

Caffey pointed out numerous claw marks on the trunk.

"The cattlekiller usually gets in such a place as this,"he said to his young companions. "The lion is a cunning beast and chooses the

quickest and best opportunity for making a kill."

"Just as I expected!"exclaimed Brown, examining the tracks of

the marauder. "It's Old Monarch. Look here,"he shouted to the

others, "there's one claw missing from the old king's right hind foot.

He lost that in my trap three years ago!"

The slight depression between the deeper marks of the other claws in the soft mountain soil plainly revealed that one was missing from the lion's foot. It identified, without a doubt, the killer of Frank

Gillis'heifer.

And because it was Old Monarch, the two young hunters thrilled in anticipation of soon running down the proud king ofthe woods.

Even Caffey, with years of lionkilling experience behind him, livened with interest in the prospect of conquering the beast that had so long ruled the range in haughty resistance to every effort planned for his capture. "It's a shame, anyway,*'Richards declared, regarding the slaughtered animal. "See what's been wasted. It's not halfeaten, and that's

a beauty of a heifer."

"A cattlekilling lion usually eats enough to last several days,"said Caffey. "In all my experience hunting lions'I have never found

evidence of one returning to eat from an animal previously killed. They

always take a fresh one and of course the lion may be many miles from where the last animal was killed. They can travel a long distance in

one day; but in the meantime they'll eat lots of rabbits."

The hounds were circling about the carcass, catching the scent. At

a word from Caffey, when all was in readiness for the chase, they set off in a northerwesterly direction which was opposite from Rock River.

The lion had followed a haphazard course, alternating in a tediously irregular way from the direction in which it first started. Its

tracks indicated also that it had adopted various gaits, some parts of the trail showing that the beast had taken long loping strides at a rate that would carry it far in a short time.

Others of the lion's footprints revealed that it had ambled leisurely along, without evident object or purpose. Occasionally the hunters

came to a tree where it had rested on a limb, very likely watching the cattle grazing about, though there were no traces of further killing or molestation.

The lion's journeying trail led the three hunters over an exceedingly circuitous and interwinding route. The beast seemed to have

possessed unlimited resource of energy, for its tracks extended over high ridges, part way down and up again, frequently circling back through deep forested canyons and across rocky elevations in a difficult and tantalizing manner.

While Caffey and his companions found frequent opportunity to take cutoffs in following the hounds, they were required to pursue much of the round-a-bout way the lion had traveled.

For three days the chase led on, the constantly increasing freshness of the tracks indicating that it was reaching its end. Late each

evening the hounds were called back for the night's camping, but early morning found the lion hunters again in eager pursuit.

As the three closed in on their game, as they knew they were doing, the excitement of young Brown and Richards grew intense.

Realizing that the monarch of Star Point forest was about to meet his doom, their ambition of several years crystalized into an enthusiasm that was only expressed by the highly alert and eager manner of their pursuit. Their jaded horses were urged faster in the chase and the utter

quietness of the mountain world seemed to express regret of the imminent finish of Old Monarch's career.

544 IMPROVEMENT ERA

On the evening of the third day, the tracks bore evidence of having been made within the last few hours. They crossed and recrossed

themselves an amazing number of times. The excitement of the young

Rock River hunters, who were out mainly for experience, grew constantly more intense as the tireless foxhounds bore resistlessly down on their game.

"Gee!"cried Richards, "Talk about Chinese puzzles! If this was

night it would beat a heathen dungeon all hollow."

"Or,"Brown laughed, "if we could follow this at high speed,

I fancy diving in an airplane five thousand feet up would have nothing on it for dizziness."

As the night shades drew heavily down, the hounds showed greater eagerness in following the trail. Caffey, too, was anxious to wind up

the chase, reluctant to extend it into another day as all signs proved that old Monarch was nearly run down.

But the heavy darkness finally forced them to halt for another night's camping. The graycolored hounds could not be seen and to

shoot would be dangerous and highly ineffective.

"We shall finish Mr. Lion in the morning,"said Caffey, as they

set up sleeping quarters and prepared supper. "Unless he gets one tonight, he has killed his last beef. But his tracks today seem to show

that he has been stalking something and very likely he is in the mood for another attack. Three days is long enough to develop a real

lion's appetite, after feeding on small rodents that long."

There was no more than a hint of dawn the next morning when the hunters crawled out of their blankets. On an ordinary trip they

would have lain in longer. The crisp October air penetrated with a

shivering intensity and the autumn dew glittered like frost. As the

three pulled on their clothes, their teeth chattered comically and their skin was gooseflesh.

"I c-c-an't 1-light this m-m-match,"stuttered young Brown as he knelt shivering over a pile of dry twigs.

All three laughed heartily at his vocal awkwardness, but the others were no better off when they essayed to talk. A few vigorous jumps

and armbeatings started the warm blood to circulating and their eager anticipation of running down the lion within the next several hours helped considerably toward overcoming the cold discomfort of the frosty morning.

As soon as the hounds were released, they bounded off to pick up the lion scent and the hunters were thoroughly alert for the moment of discovering the renegade King of Beasts.

They had not ridden an hour before they overtook the object of the chase. After pursuing a direct and unfaltering line of tracks a considerable distance, the hounds were led off again in a confusing and uncertain crossing and recrossing of the lion's trail.

It had evidently been scouting about the previous night in an effort to locate prey. For the tracks finally led to a heavily branching

spruce tree and the hounds set up a howl of discovery. On one of the

lower branches, about ten feet high, crouched the lion, Old Monarch

himself, patiently awaiting the near approach of a young cow or calf, a number of which were grazing close by.

It was quick work that followed. Necessarily so, as Old Monarch,

put suddenly at bay, and crouching for a leap, drew himself in close to the branch which was shivering with his weight.

But as his steely muscles loosened for the spring, one shot from

Caffey's rifle settled the issue, and the King of Beasts thudded heavily to the ground.

The three hunters stood watching the fallen monarch as he twitched and twisted in the clutches of death. Then he was no more. For

a moment they looked at the old king of the woods; a moment of silent

admiration for the spectacular nature of his career.

"How many does that make you?"young Brown asked with

sudden curiosity, and the veteran lion hunter readily answered, as if he had just privately registered the number, "five hundred."

"Whew!"ejaculated Brown.

"Gee"cried Richards in the same breath. They regarded Caffey

with increased wonder. Five hundred lions!

"Well, the old fellow had some such a list distinction—topping

as that,"said Richards admiringly, to which his young friend added, "Old Monarch always had distinction."

"Fourteen years,"Caffey ruminated smilingly. "I've been in this

business that long."He added quietly: "Each one gives me a thrill in

knowing I've got my game, yet it's become quite a commonplace exhitting a bull's-eye after a lot of practice."perience-—like

"But Old Monarch is not the same bull's-eye,"Brown insisted.

"He has outwitted a good many hunters. It's worth while to capture

one like him."And Caffey seemed satisfied with No. 500.

As they hastily prepared the cattlekiller for carrying back to camp, young Brown looked back in the direction by which they had come.

"I wonder how far we've traveled after this old fellow,"he said. I

feel like I've ridden a thousand miles."

Caffey grinned. "Don't you knbw where you are?"

The two amateur hunters looked quickly around. A look of

startled surprise appeared in both their faces.

Behind and on each side of them, low ridges spread out in easy ascent, while one, occasionally high and inaccessible, rose abruptly.

But the surrounding region was visibly not of the same deepcanyoned type as that encountered when the chase began.

The look of sheepish surprise came when the two turned eastward.

Broadly out before them, with but a few miles of irregular and graycolored foothills intervening, was Rock River Valley, the little village lying drowsily in the foreground.

Old Monarch had led them to within a rifle shot of home, as if to taunt his human antagonists with a killing deliberately in sight of their abode. But for the next two weeks, the late king of the Star

Point forest was displayed, to the deep humiliation of all feline pride, in the wide front window of the village store in Rock River.

MILLENNIAL DAWN

Words by M. Charles Woods. Music by S. B. Mitton.

r—I-

len - ni - al dawn streams a - cross the vast heavens Its 2. From eastward to westward its faint light is burning, The

3. The work of E - li - jah, as told in the vi - sion, Is

4. The faithful of nations have joined the vast concourse. The

5. Cease not from your la - bors, but thrust in your sic - kle; Work

BlSEjZTE =F r—T

warm rays have gild - ed the temple's high tower. Cry

signs of His com - ing are blazed on the clouds. The

weld - ing the pres - ent, the fu - ture, the past. All

heirs of the Priesthood from mountain and plain Have with your might while 'tis still called to day. Be-

r: F=rrTTL:-a- |E L pF—I—bnjzBt: 4M-J

out, ye watchmen, glad tid - ings are giv - en, That hearts of the children to fa - thers are turning, The flesh at His coming shall not now be wast - ed. Hogathered in Zi - on with songs 'o re ceive Him, To

ware of the bonds of the proud and the fie - kle, Who'll

V- -*- * -4- =Si i j=z -! 1- -r- t=t

MILLENNIAL DAWN 547

: \ 1 g i!H =3 1 =3 1 HIat*: t -i 4 1 i \1 *\—-JJ ( 1—-1—C——1 1-—:P-

Je - sus is com - ing in glo - ry and power.

Temples in Zi - on are 1 ihronged now with crowds.

zan - na, Ho - zan - na, the dark hour is past.

wel - come our King and His glor - i - ous reign.

burn when He comes on that great, dread - ful day.

1 * ji # #(> r r X Ft Li I"i i i i, h i i i -n F

The Unsuccessful

"To toil and wait!"How easily 'tis said!

An unction to the worn and weary feet

Of those upon the trail we daily meet

Who toil and wait till numbered with the dead.

Ah! toil is nothing! 'Tis the weary wait

The hopeless longing of a weary heart

That builds more hopes as early hopes depart

And vanish in the years of sordid fate

This wears one out in an eventful life,

Brings weariness of all elusive hopes,

Makes dim the vision that no longer opes

To better things beyond the toil and strife *

Heartsad old age brings memories anew

Of vanished hopes and what they failed to do!

Success Through Merit One that a worthy lifetask shall begin

And have the faith his purpose to fulfil

To serve, and by devoted labor win

His great reward for meritorious skill

One who builds character in units sound

Together in a bond of sturdy power,

Adapted to the purpose, and profound

With judgment for essentials of each hour,

May have success in all environments:

There is no sphere for either high or low.

Success is cumulative common sense

And watchful care, wherein we know we know.

So one is great whose merit has been won

In any useful labor ably done.

Maywood, Calif. JOSEPH LONGKING TOWNSEND.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS

"But other fell into good ground, and brought forth fruit."

On August 22, 1926, Elder R. Elgin Gardner was the speaker at an

evening street meeting in the city of Durango, Colorado. On the heterogeneous crowd that had gathered around, his words fell as the seeds of the

sower depicted in the Savior's parable. Perhaps he felt, as most missionaries do. that his message was having little, or no, the seeds he effect—that

was sowing were all falling on stony ground. However, among that crowd

—"goodof listenersground,was a andwomanbroughtwhoseforthheartfruit."was receptiveSo impressedto the wasseedsshethuswithsownthe

appearance, demeanor, sincerity and message of the young missionary, that she afterwards expressed her feelings in verse, and sent it, though anonymously, to the general office of the Western States mission. Her sentiments,

which are published herewith, should be an inspiration to the readers of the

Era in general, and should lend encouragement, especially, to the missionary who might think his work is in vain.

THE MESSAGE I HAD SOUGHT

Alone, one Sunday evening. I wandered down the street,

No aim nor destination to guide my wand'ring feet;

Paused idly on the corner, and joined the scattered throng.

Hoping for some amusement to help pass time along.

A hush fell for a moment, then on the pavement trod

A youth with eyes of a dreamer and mien of Grecian God.

The light of his hair gleamed golden, and it seemed a halo shone

Around him. and seemed to set him apart from the crowd, alone.

His face was pale, and I noticed that a tremor shook his frame,

But the light of his eyes never wavered; they burned with a steady flame.

He scanned the circle of faces, and then began to speak,

And I knew he had brought the message that I had been led to seek.

thought that he gave most stressThe theme of his wonderful sermon—the

Was, "Seek ye first the Kingdom of God,"and also His righteousness;

And he renewed the promise, come down the long years through,From the Master's lips—"all else shall be added unto you."

He likened the world to a Kingdom, with Christ at the judgment seat;

He urged us to repentance, showed paths to our stumbling feet.

He told us of Saul's conversion, of John the Baptist's life,

Jesus brought to a world of toil and strife.Of the message—PEACE—which

His stories were old as the ages, but he made them ever new,

And we, who saw and listened, felt that each word was true.

He finished speaking, and by the street light took his stand,

And his hearers pressed about him, to speak, and shake his hand.

"Enjoyed your talk,""How are you?"and "Good night,"I heard them say.

While I stood there, dumb, for a moment, then silently moved away.

I couldn't walk up to him, while the careless crowd looked on,

And tell him he'd turned my darkness to a glorious, rosy dawn.

To him I was but a stranger; to me he'd become that night

A heavensent herald of courage, of happiness, truth and light;

But I didn't tell him, and in silence I walked through the crowd,

My heart filled with awe of his message, my head in humility bowed.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 549

The youlh has gone; somehow I wish I could let him know

His words will be remembered, as on through life I go;

That he lives in my heart as a Savior, that I think of him every day,

That I wish I could see him, help him, in his work so far away;

That each night as I kneel at my bedside, while my eyes with tears grow dim,

I ask God to aid and comfort, to bless and care for him.

ELDERS OF THE WESTERN STATES MISSION. WYOMING CONFERENCE

Front row, left to right: J. Wesley Tribe. Ogden. former conference president;

T. N. Baldwin. Monroe; Thomas L. Miller (released), Herriman; President John

M. Knight, mission president; Conference President Farril Holman, Fountain Green.

Back row: C. P. Clark, Clarkston; V. A. Mahoney, Heber; Thornel Wilson, North

Ogden; Norman G. Gilbert, Corinne; Clifton Densley, Riverton; Thornton W. Petersen, Hyrum, Utah.

Prof. James L. Barker in Germany

One of the most successful and best attended conferences ever held in this city occurred on January 29 to 31. A large number of Saints were

present, representing the various branches of the Frankfurt conference; and

the number of investigators at all meetings was most gratifying. President

Hugh J. Cannon of the SwissGerman mission was present. The meetings

were conducted, under President Cannon's direction, by President Melvin G.

Hart of the Frankfurt conference. Prof. James L. Barker, of Utah, and his

family, who are in Europe in the interest of research work, came to Frankfurt to attend the meetings, and their visit resulted in much good, for"

Brother Barker gave the missionaries some valuable instructions on the matter of learning the language, and he also addressed the principal meeting of the 550 IMPROVEMENT ERA

conference, at which meeting more than five hundred were in attendance, many of them being strangers and investigators. Recently a prominent German

paper has been publishing a continued article about the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints, which article has reaired some of the timeworn stories currently believed and told by the opponents of the Church.

We advertised by handbills and newspapers that Prof. Barker would speak,

in answer to this recent publicity, at our main meeting, which he did in a splendid manner, he being master of the German language, as well as a fearless and powerful exponent of the gospel. Many friends present at the

meeting expressed their interest and pleasure, and we are assured that much good will result. The whole conference was a source of much satisfaction

to all, and the elders and Saints all returned to their fields and branches strengthened in their faith and enthusiasm. The investigators who attended

were all very favorably impressed. George Albert Smith, Jr.. FrankfurtAm-Main. Germany.

HRffi

k. "MB '"i

ELDERS IN CONFERENCE. GERMANY

Front row (sitting), left to right: Glen G. Williams, Los Angeles; C. Whitney

Parry, Salt Lake City; "Jim"Barker, Louis M. Gurgencr and Albert R. Bowen,

Salt Lake City. Second row: Conference President Melvin G. Hart, Salt Lake City;

Margaret Barker. Nancy Barker, Salt Lake City; Mission President Hugh J. Cannon;

Prof. James L. Barker, Salt Lake City; Mrs. J. L. Barker; Ralph G. Cutler, president

Cologne conference, Logan; Byron Whipple, Cologne conference, Lehi. Third row:

Geo. Ashby Smith. Salt Lake City; Julius Miller, Salt Lake City; LaMar Lautensock,

Salt Lake City; Francis Seegmiller, Salt Lake City; Konrad Haak, Kiel, Germany;

Hamlet C. Pulley, Logan; Eric C. Pollei, Salt Lake City; Elwood I. Barker, Ogden.

Fourth row: Carl E. Richins, Henefer; Horace Jones, Henefer; Frank C. Simmons,

Pittsburgh. Pa.; George Albert Smith, Jr., Salt Lake City; J. Clifton Rhead. Ogden;

Harley Monson, Smithfield; Quayle Cannon, Jr., Bountiful. Fifth row: Hans Kreipl,

Salt Lake City; William Snow, Pine Valley, Utah.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 551

Encouragement in France During November, 1926, the missionaries laboring in Toulon, on the famous Azure Coast of France, received an invitation to speak in a neighboring chapel of the Protestant Church. The chapel is situated at LaGarde,

France. Elders Almon Brown and Parker Warner accepted the invitation.

The listeners, who numbered more than fifty, were apparently favorably impressed, for the elders were asked to return and tell more of "the message"of which they had spoken. Since that time frequent visits have been made

in an effort fully to utilize the now unusual opportunity. The invitations

speak well for the religious attitude of the people. From them arises, also,

a reasonable hope for the establishment of a branch of the Church in the locality.

The missionaries of Southern France find pleasure and encouragementin every number of the Improvement Era.—Verle N. Fry, president, Marseilles conference.

AT TOULON, FRANCE Left to right: The Protestant Pastor; Elders Verl N. Fry. president Marseilles

conference; Almon L. Brown; Parker P. Warner. Standing in front is the pastor's

Fiftyone Baptized in Wyoming Elder J. Morris Jensen, secretary of the Western States mission reports that the missionaries laboring in the Wyoming conference are doing

splendid work. They baptized fiftyone souls during the year 1926.

"Prospects for 1927 are even brighter for a large harvest."J. M. Jensen,

Secretary Western States mission.

IN THE SPRING By Weston N. Nordgran

Cal Ridges strode through the shaded avenues of pines, as the sun sank to rest. The cool evening breezes of early Spring murmured

and sighed through the aspens and pines, to lose themselves at last in a tangled maze of sage and rabbit brush, in the valley far below. The

snow had melted, and the ground, newly dried emitted entrancing odors, as Cal continued on his way to the cabin. As he reached the

wicket gate, he paused, and turning on his heel, he faced toward the little village he had left. A tender smile, wistful, pathetic, and yet

glowing, hovered on his face, lighting up his handsome features. For

a moment he let it linger there, as if he wanted to get acquainted with the feelings which caused it. Then a pained look chased the

smile away, and turning, he strode into the cabin.

As he entered the room, his father rose to greet him. "In ithe

Spring,"he quoted, "a young man's fancy, lightly turns—."

"Why, what's the matter, Cal?"his father questioned, "Wouldn't

she have you?"

"Oh yes, she'll have me,"returned Cal gloomily, "on condition.

She says that we will have to be married in the Temple, or she will not marry me. She says it is a "Mormon"principle, and that she

will stick to it. And Dad,"he continued, "I don't want a Temple

marriage. I want her to have a really brilliant church wedding, with

flowers, and bridesmaids, everything, and not to go to and—well,

the bother of getting a church recommend, and all of that!"And he

went off in raptures of fancy as he described the wedding, in glowing terms, that he had planned for his beloved.

The older man listened without seemingly paying any attention, and when Cal finally bethought himself of the supper on the table, he noticed a faraway look in his father's eyes.

Three days later, Cal returned to the cabin to find his father critically ill with pneumonia, and although he summoned a doctor and a nurse, and saw that everything possible was done, Bruce Ridges passed on to the world beyond. After the funeral, as Cal was sorting

his father's personal effects, he came upon a letter addressed to himself.

He tore open the envelope, and read:

"Dear son Cal: 1 am soon to join your mother in another world,

and I would like to tell you a few things. I was stubborn in my

youth, as you are. I loved your I do yet, God bless her mother—and

but when she wanted a Temple wedding, I held out against it. It

nearly broke her heart, but she loved me more than her religion, else she thought to convert me, and she married me outside of the

Temple. When you were eight years of age, you were baptized. I

IN THE SPRING 553

let your mother have her way in that, as I had been baptized myself, and even stood fairly high in the because it pleased Priesthood—and

her. I can see that I have been a let myself slide, and slacker—I

didn't try to learn about was wrong. Since I became religion—I

sick about a month ago, I have begun to think, and act. I had a talk

with the bishop, and since then, I have gone to the Temple of the

Lord, and have had your mother sealed to me for eternity! Marie is

right, and as I know my written word will have more weight with you after I am gone, I pen these few lines of advice. Before you

marry, investigate, and find put for yourself which marriages are the happier, and which last the longer, those contracted with the sanction of the Lord, in his holy House, or those performed outside of it.

Service and sacrifice bring forth the choicest blessings of God. Remember your tithing, and remember that God is your Father. Call

upon him in times of need. And I say to you, make yourself useful

to mankind, by doing more in a church capacity. New people are

needed and appreciated, in the Lord's vineyard. If you will talk

to Bishop Healey, he will find a place for you. You will perhaps

have hard times, but don't give up. I will await you, with your

mother, in the eternal world. I should like to have you married in

the Temple, if you can arrange it. Marie is right.

Your loving father, Bruce Ridges."

Cal was that letter. He felt old and shocked—stunned—by

beaten. The longest sermon Bruce Ridges had ever preached was

contained in that letter to his son. Cal went to the bishop the next

Sunday after meeting, and after showing him the letter, asked for help and advice. Bishop Healey was very interested, and at once took Cal

"under his wing."He gave the young man much to think about and

to ponder over. Cal was given a ward teacher's division, with the

bishop as his companion. Thus, by degrees, Cal came to know the

real significance of the holy Priesthood, the meaning of salvation for the living and the dead, and the gospel in its true light. He gloried in

his work, and learned to enjoy the meetings which he had heretofore considered dull and dry. He saw a good deal of Marie Kelsey during

the summer months,, and she rejoiced with him in the work of the

Lord. At last, in the latter part of November, Cal was given the

I. A. of the ward.

office of President of the Y.*****M. M.

It was again Spring. Happy birds twittered on the twigs and

branches of the sturdy pines. Baby leaf buds were bursting forth

upon the trees, and shy grass blades appeared as if by magic. The

winterfallowed ground was soft and mellow, with a springlike scent to it. Streams dashed and foamed down the mountainside as

if glad to escape winter's hardy bonds. The moon, in its course,

rose pale, full, and serene, like a silvery light.

554, IMPROVEMENT ERA

A year had passed; a busy year it had been for Cal, with his

manifold duties of farmer and preacher. He had cleared a tract of

land and now had eighty acres> redeemed from the forest and sage.

Other acres he had, homesteading them for years, with his too—after

lather. A small flock of sheep testified to that, for he had been

of a thrifty nature, and had picked up lost bits of wool and bones, later to pasture them on his sage land, and turn them into good representatives of their breed.

Cal had again been to the beyond. And as he revillage—and

turned to the cabin through the dusk, he was not alone. There was

one who made his heart beat high with hope, whenever she brushed by his side. Hand in hand they moved, as they ascended the well worn

path to the wicket gate. There they paused and he took her in his

arms.

Some time later they isat on the porch steps and surveyed by moonlight the farm at the foot of the darkened path, the new net wire fence, the stacks, the corrals and the newly budding orchard.

A horse sent a whinneying blast out over the night, and somewhere from the depths of mountain sage, a coyote howled his disappointment at the moon. Cal laughed for pure joy, and squeezed Marie tighter

as she snuggled up to him. They looked long into each others'eyes,

as if to search for any doubt; finding none, their lips met and a

peaceful calm pervaded their hearts. Their souls seemed as one, and

they loved with the fervency of youth.

A belated bird shrilled at some prowler and emitted an annoyed squawk. A bat thumped headlong into the cabin wall, above the

door. Thus arroused from their reverie, Cal and Marie went indoors.

Home at last! It seemed to them that they had been wandering all of

their lives, and had just now discovered the way home!

"Ah!"sighed Cal, blissfully, as he switched on the light, "We

everything! And say, Marie, wasn't that marriage of ours a—yes,are home at last! And we shall have everything together from now on

grand one? I'm surely glad to know that we had it performed in the

house of the Lord."

"Yes, Cal,"responded his dear little wife, "it surely was wonderful, and I'm, happy that we had a Temple marriage! oh—so

Just think, Cal, we are each others for life, and for all eternity!

We'll be together always!—forever!"

"Amen, to that!"said Cal, cheerily.

Vanished Landmarks

I am thinking tonight of the landmarks, wife,

That marked out our paths long ago;

Of the dear and familiar old milestones of life

That guided our footsteps, you know.

Remember the tree at the top of the ridge,

And the waterfall down in the dell?

The flat stone that stretched o'er the creek for a bridge,

And the spring that we called "Witches'Well?"

They have all disappeared, as the years have rolled by

The tree has been hauled to the mill;

The waterfall harnessed and chained to supply

The power for the sluicebox and drill.

The stone has been quarried and chiseled away,

For houses and bridges and walls;

And the wild, gurgling spring, where we all loved to play,

Now through long miles of iron pipe crawls.

They are gone, the old landmarks, and somehow it seems

That the landmarks of life have gone, too;

The things which most counted, the substance of dreams,

Are clouded, and lost from our view.

The kiss of betrothal, so sacred and sweet,

A landmark in your life and mine;

Then our weddingday, dear, which made heaven complete,

Its bright halo forever will shine.

A landmark, the day of our first baby's birth,

And the day that he went back to heaven,

Marked other milestones in the path here on earth,

Which God, for our guidance, has given.

But these things are not landmarks in lives of today;

It seems nothing counts any more;

A kiss is bestowed on a pal of a day,

And forgot ere the evening is o'er.

A wedding, too often, means only a lark;

A birth, just a trial to be borne;

Death seems to mean only a sleep in the dark,

The world is too busy to mourn.

So tonight, looking back o'er life that is past.

At each landmark that never grows dim,

I ask God to let them through eternity last,

To lead us, and guide us to him.

Durango, Colo. MINERVA PlNKERTON TROY

Christ is Risen

The Savior's atonement and resurrection are fundamental in the faith of the Latterday Saints.

His own words (John 5:28. 29) attest the truth of the universal

redemption of the human race from death: "Marvel not * * *

for the hour is coming, in the which all that are in the graves shall hear his voice [Christ's], and shall come forth; they that have done good,

unto the resurrection of life; and they that have done evil, unto the

resurrection of damnation."

His apostles also taught the doctrine of a universal resurrection (Acts 24:15; Rev. 20:13): "There shall be a resurrection of

the dead, both of the just and the unjust;"the sea "and death and hell

delivered up the dead which were in them: and they were judged every

man according to their works."Modern revelation confirms tre

same (Doc. and Cov. 18:12): Christ "hath risen again from the

dead, that he might bring all men unto him, on conditions of repentance."

That Christ did rise from the dead is abundantly attested by scriptural evidence. His many appearances after he arose from the

grave reestablished, in his apostles, faith in him as the Redeemer.

They were convinced by actual contact, by sight and feeling, beyond doubt, that his body was raised from the grave, that he lived again and that God had clothed him with power. They proclaimed his

resurrection with confidence and fearlessly expressed their many testimonies to the effect: "This Jesus hath God raised up, whereof we are

all witnesses."They testified to the fact in Jerusalem, Judea,

Samaria, "and unto the uttermost parts of the earth."

Their knowledge was not of gradual formation, nor an afterthought, it was an immediate, early and living knowledge which they never modified nor sought to change. It was ever the same in all

essentials. Many people, under various conditions and on many

occasions, received sensible proofs that he appeared in the same body which had been crucified. The resurrection had a firm foundation

in the earnest testimony of the apostles, not alone that of one or two of them, as in the case of Paul and,Peter to whom Jesus personally appeared (Luke 24:34; I Cor. 15:5-8), but to all of them.

Not only do we have the testimony of the New Testament,

of Mormon. Christ appeared twice after his resurrection—thebut weBookhave confirming evidence in the holy American scriptures

on the American continent to the Nephites, and once to the Twelve

EDITORS'TABLE 55 7

Apostles of the Nephites whom he chose to minister to the people of this continent, and to act for him in the establishment of his Church in the western world. These are additional, confirming evidences of

the reality of our Lord's resurrection. (3 Nephi 19:4.)

But we have still another convincing testimony of the Master's resurrection in his appearance to the Prophet Joseph Smith, which resulted in the restoration of power and authority to establish the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. His visit resulted in

restoring the Priesthood to the earth, through which was given authority to men to preach and teach the gospel and to perform all the ordinances pertaining thereunto.

By these outside evidences we are justified in saying that Christ is risen; and as he rose from the dead so shall all men arise later, to

stand before the judgment seat of the Father to be judged according to the deeds done in the body. We have also a more sure, inward,

individual testimony in the witness of the Spirit to all who have repented and have been baptized and who have received by authority the gift of the Holy Ghost through the laying on of hands of the authorized servants of God.

We are a part of the marvelous work of God in the latter days.

We live in a time when he has committed the keys of his kingdom and a dispensation of the gospel, for the last and the fulness of times, unto men on the earth. We have the commission to preach to all the

nations the gospel restored, and with it Christ Jesus and his resurrection. He is our Redeemer and Savior, whose death and resurrection

is a part of theplan of the eternal Father "to bring to pass the immortality and eternal life of man."Our mission is to declare his

gospel, with the sound of rejoicing, for he has said: "Lift up your

hearts and be glad, for I am in your midst, and am your advocate with the Father; and it is his good will to give you the kingdom."

Christ came to redeem all who would believe on him; he suffered

and died to atone for our sins. He rose from the dead, and became the

first fruits of the resurrection of all mankind. A.

Reflections

Dr. D. H. Kress, of the Washington A Cause of Crime—Recently

Sanitarium, speaking before a class at the Wilson Normal school, linked crime and cigarette smoking. He stated that 93% of the offenders

taken before the Juvenile courts of the country are "cigarette fiends."

He said further that "the youthful habit of cigarette smoking would rapidly degenerate the human race to a disastrous extent. Cigarettes,

besides, are largely responsible for heart disease, causing more deaths than any other malady."The law alone cannot prevent cigarette

smoking. It can help. The habit must be abandoned through the

558 i IMPROVEMENT ERA

desire and strong will of the individual himself, who should be educated to understand its evil effects on mind and body.

A Week that Deserves to be Year the war, we have Round—Since

national weeks set apart for many purposes, some very good, some only to advertise trivial schemes. For the week of April 4 to 9, we have

the national BeKind-toAnimals Week, sponsored by the American

Humane Education Society, 180 Longwood Avenue, Boston, Mass.

State governors, mayors, editors, reporters, bishops, ministers, Sunday school superintendents, parents and teachers and all other leaders among the young people, are asked to celebrate the week, and to impress upon the young people (and, sub rosa, themselves) the need of being kind to animals. We are told, "Train a child to be kind, and when he is

grown he will be kind."No child can practice cruelty toward any

living creature without doing himself the greater harm. Kindto-

animals week deserves to be continued the year round. We need to

impress upon the rising generation kindness to every living creature, including, of course, the human race; and not for only a day or a

week, but for every day the year round, and year after year!

S. Udall sends the Era a The Fruits of Right Living—Levi

clipping from the Arizona Gazette, Phoenix. It contains a glowing

tribute justly merited, he says, by the "Mormon"athletes and their associates of that state. They evidently measure up to "Mormon"

standards of right living. Quoting from the paper: "The tenets of

the 'Mormon'Church demand temperate habits and abstention from those vices which, it so happens, are most likely to undermine athletic stamina. 'Mormon'athletes seldom break training."

These thoughts are well worthy of consideration, not only by the members of the Y. M. M. I. A. and the "Mormon"schoolboys, but

by all young men. The standards and ideals of the Church give joy,

increased efficiency, cleanliness of life, happiness. Try them. It must

be remembered, however, that one does not get results because one knows how to get them, or because one wants them and longs for them. To obtain the fruits of right living, one must fulfil the

conditions upon which they grow; must deal with causes that effects

may follow. This provides pleasant work, but requires persistent

effort, and a long journey. The fruits of right living come by

placing oneself in the midst of a chain of sequences that will bring good results. The Savior said, "He that abideth in me bringeth forth

much fruit."Abiding in Christ, living right as he did, is the cause—

strength, stamina, real joy, the effects.

Books Home Evening Bulletin is the title of a brochure issued by the Granite stake of Zion. It contains a fine portrait of President Frank Y. Taylor, the

father of Home Evening work in Granite stake, and is affectionately "dedicated

EDITORS'TABLE 559

to the fathers and mothers in that stake of Zion, who are earnestly striving to make the home a real center of peace and love and a genuine bulwark of the Church and the nation."It contains a very interesting letter of approval

of the Home Evening in the Granite stake by President Heber J. Grant; also

greetings by the presidency of the stake; an introduction by the high council

committee having Home Evening in charge; an analysis of Home Evening

work, with suggestions on how to solve some of the problems listed in the analysis, also suggestive exercise on how to carry on the Home Evening program, with sermons explaining its purpose, and a very enlightening address on

Home Government by the late President Joseph F. Smith. The publication

should be a great help to parents. In the Granite stake, Monday evening is

devoted entirely to the home, where parents and children are invited to meet, to discuss the word of the Lord and family affairs. The pamphlet contains some

sixty pages, and has been distributed free to about 2,700 homes.

A neat little brochure, with illuminated, embossed cover, entitled

Mother, and containing eight poems on Mother, by Theodore E. Curtis, a

well kncAvn contributor to the Improvement Era, and author of Lyrics of the

Westtand, has just been issued. It contains as a frontispiece Lucy Smith,

mother of the Prophet Joseph; and also a portrait of Louie B. Felt, first official mother of one hundred thousand Primary children; her period of service

nearly fifty years. "She has been mother to most of us,"as the title expresses

it. To those who are looking for an appropriate selection of Mother poems

for Mother's Day, this little publication will be an excellent offering. The

delightfully descriptive language so well known in Mr. Curtis'nature writings

has not been lost in these beautiful poems on Mother's Day. The poems may

be obtained from the author or from the Deseret Book Company, 25c each, $1.50 per dozen.

Credit for Photograph

The beautiful photo accompanying "The Rescue,"the choice oneact play in this issue of the Era, was taken by Dr. W. H. Hopkins, a wellknown Salt Lake physician and lover of nature. Through his courtesy our

readers will receive, in the picture, a realistic view of gulls on the shores of the

Great Salt Lake.

Spring

The winter's snow and chilling wind

Are going fast. It's coming Spring!

The ground, so long 'neath mantle white,

Will soon be spread with flowers bright.

I loved you, Winter, for a spell,

But with you would not always dwell.

Just now, my heart delights to sing.

It's coming Spring! It's coming Spring!

She'll be all dressed in raiment fair.

With sweetest perfumes fill the air.

When birds and bees their message bring, 'Twill then be Spring! Lovely Spring!

Hattie Critchlow Jensen.

(Priesthood Quorums

(All matters pertaining to the Aaronic Priesthood, presented under this heading, art prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric)

Appointment of Priests and Teachers as Ushers

In traveling through the various wards, it is noted that in relatively few instances are priests and teachers used as ushers. Yet this is a very

proper appointment and labor for the members of the Aaronic priesthood. No

matter how good the order may be in the gatherings of the Latterday Saints, the appointment of ushers and doorkeepers will still further promote good order. It is hardly necessary to state that

the maintenance of order in all the meetings, in the Sacramental meetings particularly, is of the greatest importance. Assignments of priests and teachers can

well be made by the supervisors from among the members of these quorums in rotation, using the teachers as doorkeepers and the priests as ushers.

In order to secure the best results, it is desirable that one or two young men shall be stationed at the doors or entrances of the gathering place, and that they remain at that point and see that the doors are opened for those who enter and closed after they enter. As the members assemble, those in charge of

the door can kindly advise them of the location of seats in the meeting house.

Two or more competent young men should be selected to conduct the people to the seats that are available, filling the front seats first, as far as possible, and then as the congregation assemble, filling the seats farther back.

In order to maintain order during the meeting, the ushers should sit at such places as will enable them to keep peace. Their attitude should be such as to

induce quietness.

Field Notes;

Aaronic priesthood activities, Ogden stake. Under the direction of the

stake Aaronic priesthood committee, with Elder W. W. Rawson chairman, the

Ogden stake holds Aaronic priesthood conventions every three months. In

cooperation with them, also, the ward supervisors of the Aaronic priesthood are actively functioning. These ward committees meet every Wednesday

evening. On the second Wednesday of the month they consider the report

of the previous month's work. They discuss with the officers of all the

quorums the plans for the ensuing month. Upon the quorum officers is

placed the responsibility of making the assignments in order to secure the results desired in the performance of the duties by the members of the different quorums. At these weekly meetings they also plan the work for the ensuing

week. They discuss lesson work, assignments, and other activities, as also the

social activities of the quorums. The stake committee is endeavoring this

year greatly to increase the activities of all members of the Aaronic priesthood.

Among other duties taken care of by the Aaronic priesthood in each ward, is the responsibility for a part of the ward teaching jointly by the priests and teachers. One district only in each ward is assigned to them by the

Bishopric so that they will be able to do it all in one evening, and thereby not interfere with their school studies. The results of the ward teaching in these

districts for which the Aaronic priesthood are responsible have proved very satisfactory. Many of the people who have been visited by these young men

declare that they have received better ward teaching than ever before.

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS 561

Slogan and Code of Honor: The deacons of the Spanish Fork Second

ward, Palmyra stake, under the direction of Elder H. Eugene Hughes of the

bishopric, have adopted a slogan and a code of honor. This latter is having

the effect of stimulating the boys in the development of character and the performance of their duties. The code of honor has been printed and a copy

is delivered to all of the deacons as well as to other officers of the ward and of the stake. The parents of the boys have also taken an interest in the

matter and suggest to the boys wherein they can improve themselves in connection with the various resolutions of the code. In this ward, some of the

older, inactive members are becoming interested and taking part. Twentyeight out of thirtytwo deacons, or 88%, attended their meetings regularly

during January.

Attendance at Sacramental Meetings: The North Sevier stake has

undertaken a systematic plan to increase the attendance at the Sacramental meetings. For instance, on the Saturday before Fast day, the deacons

are appointed by the bishopric in each ward to visit every family, remind them of Fast day, invite them to be at Fast meeting and to invite them also to pay their Fast donations. On the second Sunday, the different auxiliary

organizations are appointed for different months to promote the attendance of the members of the ward. On the third Sunday, the stake home missionaries visit the ward, and, in connection therewith, the teachers'quorum of the

ward is responsible for inviting every member of the ward to attend the meeting. On the fourth and fifth Sundays, the bishopric provide speakers, and

the priests'quorum of the ward is responsible for the invitation to all the members of the ward.

Teaching Tithing: During the month of February, 1927, the Grant

stake has given special attention to the presentation of the principle of tithing to all of the members of that stake in a very thorough way. They have

taken as their slogan for the month, "As for me and my house, we will pay our tithes."The subject has been presented in fiveminute, original talks, each

one by a different speaker, at every ward Sacrament meeting, every auxiliary association meeting, and in every department of each ward priesthood meeting during the month of February. In addition thereto, the ward teachers presented this important subject to all the families of the Latterday Saints

during the past month.

Jordan Stake Ward Teachers'Convention: On January 23 last, a ward

teachers'convention was held in the Jordan stake, under the direction of the stake committee on ward teaching, in the Sandy First ward meeting house.

The program consisted of discussion of topics on Organization and Planning;

Preparation; How to Teach; Possibilities of the Work, and a Summary by

the President of the stake and stake Committee members. This convention

was very successful and much enthusiasm was aroused. About two hundred

and thirty ward teachers were in attendance.

New Superintendent for Yellowstone

N. R. Humphries, box 23, Parker, Idaho, has been appointed superintendent of the Y. M. M. I. A. for Yellowstone stake, vice John T. Elliot,

St. Anthony.

oJfyLutuaL Work

Instructions to Recreational Leaders of the M. I. A.

Preparing and Presenting Programs

We recognize that there are constantly coming into the recreational leadership of the M. I. A. new men and women, and in order that there may

be no misunderstanding among these new workers, we desire to emphasize two points set forth in our Official Recreation Guide. We state, under the

assignment, that when the program is adopted by the Bishopric and auxiliary executive officers of a ward, its execution is in the hands of the M. I. A.

Committee on Recreation. What we mean by "execution"is that we are responsible to see that the work is done by those to whom it is assigned, that

they live up to our recreational standards, and that our recreation committees are to be helpful in assisting the various organizations, wherever possible, in preparing their programs, but we do not wish to take it out of the hands of the several organizations to present the program which they have prepared.

After the yearround program has been approved by the various executive officers of the auxiliary organizations of the ward, in connection with the bishopric, each organization must prepare its own program. The character of

the program is usually agreed upon, as to whether it shall be a drama, a play program, a dancing party, etc., but the details of this activity should be left

with the officers of the organization which is to present the entertainment.

It may be illustrative of their particular work. We do not mean to say that

when the program is prepared, by any of these organizations, that the M.

I. A. Committee shall take over the presentation of the program. It should

always be presented by the officers of the organization who have prepared it.

Importance of Monthly Meeting With Stake and Ward

Authorities The other item is in connection with the instructions that went from the Presidency of the Church, on March 8, 1923, to Presidents of stakes.

We quote the following paragraph:

"We suggest that once a month you could with profit have a meeting with the presiding officers of the stake auxiliary boards, and the bishopric a similar meeting with the presiding officers of their ward auxiliaries, providing an opportunity to correlate their work, keep harmony among their organizations, and a closer cooperation between the presiding authorities in stakes and wards and the presiding officers of the auxiliary organizations."

We have found that where this monthly meeting in the stake is held with the presidency and the stake M. I. A. Committee on Recreation, as well as the

executive officers of the several stake boards: and where this monthly meeting

in the ward is held with the bishopric, the M. I. A. Committee on Recreation

and the executive officers of the ward auxiliaries, that perfect harmony has been obtained and our program has been well understood, and the hearty cooperation of all organizations have been given to the united program which they have all had a part in creating.

There are also many other questions outside of recreation that could well come before such a group in the interest of harmony. We hope that our

M. I. A. Committees are asking the Priesthood authorities for the opportunity,

MUTUAL WORK 563

monthly, of meeting this group in order that there may be a proper cooperation in approving and carrying out our programs.

The Lord bless our M. I. A. recreation leaders, that they may get the

vision of their responsibility, as servants of the people under the direction of the Priesthood, with the guidance of the M. I. A. general officers, to render

I. A. GENERALservice for all the organizations and people of the Church.—M.

Boards.

Introduction to the M. I. A. Slogan—192627

APRIL, 1927 "We stand for a testimony of the divine mission of Joseph Smith."

MonthlyOctober—HowThemes:

the restoration of the gospel. November—The toannouncementobtain a testimony.of

need of the restoration of the gospel. December—The January—The

of Mormon a testimony of the divine mission of Joseph February—The heavensBook are opened and the Lord speaks.

March—Authority.Smith. April—Works.

said, "This gospel of the kingdom 1. Work for the Living.—Christ

shall be preached in all the world, for a witness unto all nations; and then

shall the end come."Matt. 24:14.

The Lord revealed to Joseph Smith that the gospel of Jesus Christ was to go forth into all the world and unto the uttermost parts of the earth, and must be preached unto every creature. Doc. and Cov. 58:64; 133:8, 9.

Joseph Smith was energetic in the accomplishment of this work, and each succeeding president of the Church has earnestly sustained it. Wherever

it has been possible to gain admission for missionaries, they have been sent.

Hundreds are kept constantly in the mission field.

The Lord called the weak and filled them with his Spirit as he promised he would do. Men and women have answered this call, some hardly realizing

the meaning of missionary work, untrained, but with a message from the

Lord and they deliver it in their simple way. Thousands, hungry for the

truth, have recognized the voice of the true shepherd, for they were the children of Israel, and have accepted the gospel. Fulfiling this missionary calling,

as the Church has so successfully done, indicates that the mission of Joseph is divine. direct fulfilment of Malachi's prediction 2. Work for the Dead.—In

(Malachi 4:6), the Prophet Elijah gave instructions to Joseph Smith as found

in Doc. and Cov. 110:1416.

Joseph Smith understood that this work of salvation was for the dead.

While living according to God in the spirit, they are to be judged according to man in the flesh. I Peter 4:6. Baptism for the dead was an ordinance

in the Primitive Church. I Cor. 15. The gospel is preached to those in the

spirit world. I Peter 3:19, 29. Joseph inaugurated the work as he was

commissioned to do.

By the power of God, this work is going on. There are evidences

all about us of the hearts of fathers and children turning to each other. Our

temples are filled with Latterday Saints working for their dead. The people

are busy with their genealogical research wotk. Genealogical investigation

is extended into many countries by people not of our faith.

committed the keys for the 3. The Gathering of Israel.—Moses

gathering of Israel to Joseph Smith. Doc. and Cov. 110:11. Centuries

ago the children of Israel were scattered among all nations, where thousands 564, IMPROVEMENT ERA

are living at the present time, and their gathering must form a great part of the work of the latter days.

"I will gather the remnant of my flock out of all countries whither

I have driven them."- Jer. 23:3; Doc. and Cov. 133:7.

"And after they have been scattered and the Lord God hath scourged them by other nations for the space of many generations, yea, even down from generation to generation * * * the day will come when it must needs be expedient that they should believe these things. And the Lord

will set his hand again the second time to restore his people from their lost and fallen state."2Nephi25:15, 16, 17; 6:14; 3 Nephi 5:2426.

"Israel shall be saved in the Lord with an everlasting salvation."

Isa. 45:17.

From the time Joseph Smith received these keys, the spirit of gathering has rested upon the people. Thousands of Latterday Saints who heard

the gospel message in their native lands bear witness to receiving the spirit of gathering, impulses which they did not understand; and so powerfully

were they impressed that they willingly left home and loved ones and traveled thousands of miles under distressing conditions to be with the Church and people of God.

is the pure in heart. Doc. and Cov. 4. The Building of Zion.—Zion

97:21.

Zion is also a place. Doc. and Cov. 35:25; 49:25; 101:70; 109:59;

136:10, 18.

Zion is the whole land of America. History of the Church, vol. 6,

pp. 31819, remarks by Joseph Smith, the Prophet; vol. 6, pp. 32122,

remarks by Brigham Young.

The Church itself is a witness to the divine mission of Joseph Smith.

What to do in April The M. I. A. YearRound Recreation Program provides that the "Civic

Pride Campaign"should be vigorously observed in April. This provides

for the improvement of home and ward surroundings, church grounds and buildings, fences and playfields; also for flowergrowing contests and genhomes, cleaner towns, cleaner roads and fields. The Meralimprove,—cleanerimprovement in civic affairs. The slogan should be, clean up, paint up,

I. A. are advised to cooperate with other organizations in this important

work, or take the lead, if thought best. Attention is called to pages 18, 19

and 20 of the program. In case you have lost yours, a few may still be

obtained from the general office on application.

Of course, officers will not forget the current items of studying and othei activity that are always uppermost in the association, and particularly make some provision for sustaining the attendance at the regular meetings, and accelerating the regular work.

"Mormon"Standards Approved The practical value of the standards for right living advocated by the

Mutual Improvement Associations and by the Church in general was demonstrated recently in Arizona. In commenting upon the incident, the Arizona

Gazette, published at Phoenix, says: "If there is anyone left who wonders

just how much help rightliving is to an athlete, cite him to Arizona's 'Mormon'schoolboys."

A basketball team from Safford, Arizona. "Mormon"settlement in

the Gila valley, won the high school title, for the state, in the tournament games played at Tucson. This team, most of whom were "Mormons,"

was considered inferior in every respect; but, won from a bigger, faster,

betterdrilled team by the sheer pluck and stamina that come from right livMUTUAL WORK 565

ing. On the same night, at Phoenix, the Gila College team, most of whom

also were "Mormon"boys, defeated the Tempe Teachers College for the

Arizona informal conference championship. Gila is the smallest school,

except one, in point of enrollment, in the conference, with fewer available athletes; yet, this "Mormon"school went through the season without defeat,

playing twentyfour games, just as they were scheduled.

The newspaper item again states: "Mesa, predominently a 'Mormon'

community, has a record of athletic achievements that would compare favorably with that of any other town of its size in the country. The tenets of the

'Mormon'Church demand temperate habits and abstention from those vices which, it so happens, are most likely to undermine athletic stamina. 'Mormon'

athletes seldom break training."

This is a practical, powerful recommendation, not only to athletes, but to all members of our Y. M. M. I. A., and to youth in general, who aspire

to achievement in every phase of life. Men and women, boys and girls, who

adhere to these standards "seldom break training"in any line of endeavor they usually reach the goal, with honors. These STANDARDS comprise a

safe recipe for SUCCESS.

Prize Offered for a Short Play

The Improvement Era offers a prize of $40 for the best oneact play. The decision of the judges will be final.

The subject may center around 1. Any gospel theme, or pioneer experience;

2. The M. I. A. work;

3. Outdoor and Sons'Outings, Scouting, etc. subjects—Fathers

The offer is open to all. Manuscripts must be in the hands of the

editor of the Improvement Era on or before the first day of October, 1927.

The play should be unsigned and accompanied by a sealed envelope containing the name and address of the author and the title of the play. The

range of the subjects may be as broad as the work of the M. I. A. organization; it need not be confined to the foregoing suggestions, but the

theme should be consistent with and relevant to M. I. A. standards and work.

The play winning the prize is to become the property of the Improvement Era. All other manuscripts,will be returned or arrangements made

for their purchase.

The Era printed The Unequal Yoke in 1925. See this number for

The Rescue, the winner in 1926. What will be the title and who the

winner in 1927?

Dramatic Contest in Summit Stake

Through the united efforts of the stake Recreation Committee and the local M. I. A., one more step was made in the Summit stake toward better

recreation in a dramatic contest. The contest was in the form of a oneact

play, each of the seven wards entering presenting a different, interesting play.

Two nights were taken for the occasion. April 28, at Oakley ward, and

March 2, at Hoytsville ward. The people of Summit stake have pronounced it two of the best evenings of entertainment they have ever spent.

Three prizes were awarded by the M. I. A. Stake Board. Coalville ward took

first place, with The Unequal Yoke; Kamas, second place, with a comedy,

Her Forgetful Husband; Henefer third place, with the play, Hans Von Smash.

Other dramas presented were, All in a Fog, by Oakley ward; Jerry, Hoystville

ward; The Robbery, by Peoa ward; and Honor Bound, by Wanship ward.

These plays opened avenues of expression from the young people in a dramatical line. Let's have more of them Mae Rees.

Coalville, Utah.

566 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Current Events

A Study for the M. I. A. Advanced Senior Classes

192627

(Prepared by the Advanced Senior Committee)

LESSONS FOR APRIL, 1927 I—POLITICS AND INDUSTRY

1. Installment Buying. This kind of buying has been growing for

about fifty years until it has become a common practice in this country, and particularly since 1920. Too, it has not been confined to one class of

goods, but covers almost all kinds. Houses, life insurance, stocks and

bonds are sold on installments on an extensive scale. But automobiles

stand far above all other commodities, equalling about $1,500,000,000 of the total installment debt at the present time. Household furniture comes

second, and is about 19% of the total installment debt. About 80%

of all phonographs, 75% of washing machines, 65% of vacuum cleaners, 25% of jewelry, and the greater part of pianos and radios are said to be sold on the installment plan. Even a great deal of clothing, approximately

$140,000,000 worth, is sold annually on deferred payments, but this is usually for a short time.

Questions

1. What is meant by the "installment plan"?

2. What is your opinion of this kind of buying?

3. Is installment selling a bad policy, and when does it break out in most

lines of business?

4. Should installment credit be confined to production purposes only, or may

it also be used for consumption goods?

5. If it is resorted to by the buyer of consumption goods, is it detrimental

to the source of wealth?

6. Does installment credit increase either consumption or production?

7. Why is it that installment credit is used more for the purchase of automobiles than for any other kind of goods? Has this been a hindrance or a benefit

to the automobile industry?

8. How does installment credit affect the price of goods, especially in the

purchase of cars?

9. Is it not true that even the installment buyer pays less for his car today

than the cash buyer did a few years ago?

Reference: Commerce and Finance, vol. 14, Jan. 19, 1927, pp. 173-4: Sales

Management, Jan. 23, 1926, p. 80; Credit Monthly, Aug., 1926, p. 12.

2. Farmers'Fight for Tax Reform. All over the country farmers are

asking for a redistribution of the tax burden between farmers and other classes. The increasing proportion of population which holds the wealth in

the form of securities and other intangibles, tends to upset the old theories of taxation, and yet they remain, which throws an undue burden upon the farmer whose wealth is mostly in real estate. Farm taxes, they estimate, are

112% above the 1914 level, though the prices for farm crops are only 44% above the prewar level. Moreover taxes have increased since 1924 in

many states, despite the decreased selling price of farm lands, all of which tends to drive the agriculturist from the land into the city.

MUTUAL WORK 567

Questions 1. What can be the remedy? 2. Should other sources besides property be made

available to meet government costs? 3. Should ability to pay taxes be made the

major consideration? 4. How may intangible property be reached? 5. Will an

income tax or a classified property tax help? If so, how? Reference: Literary

Digest, Feb. 12, 192 7, p. 53.

3-. Lower Postal Rates in Sight. According to the newspapers, it

looks as if we might expect a revision soon of secondclass postal rates.

Many papers are anxious that this should come about, and that while we should not, perhaps, return to the postal rates of 1917, yet at the same time we should provide for the widest possible dissemination of news. It appears

that the 1920 rates produced an increase of 1 3 million dollars over the old flat rates, while the increased postal rates since 1920 have reduced the volume of newspapers and have increased the revenue less than onehalf of 1%.

They are asking, therefore, that the government return to a rate on which they got the most service and the government the most revenue. The Senate

PostOffice Committee favors the restoration of the 1920 secondclass-matter rates which would save the newspapers and magazines about seven million dollars a year; they also favor the repeal of the 2c service charge of parcel

post matter revenue in 1925. As a rule the postal department of our government seldom makes a profit; it seems to have made less by the high rates

than by lower rates, and consequently many believe that it would be a paying proposition for the government to go back to 1920 rates. Some also feel

that if the government will reduce the rate on private postal cards from 2c to lc, the directto-thecustomer method of advertising will be encouraged, and consequently business will increase, because increased advertising increases business.

Questions 1. Do you think that the postal rates are excessive? 2. Are private concerns

in competition with the government? 3. What is the fundamental purpose of cheap

rates on secondclass matter? 4. Do you believe that there should be a restriction

of franked material sent out by Congressmen and other government officials? 5.

Does this material stimulate or benefit the public? 6. Should the zone system of

the parcel post department be further simplified in the interest of the public generally?

Reference: Literary Digest, Feb. 12, 192 7, p. 12.

4. Growth of Population in the United States. It is estimated that

since the census of 1920 the population in the United States has increased about thirteen million, or more than the total population of almost any

South American country, or Mexico, or Canada. This increase has been due

to an increase of births over deaths and immigration. However, the population has not been equally distributed over the United States. In some states,

Vermont, Mississippi, and Nevada, and North Dakota, the population has remained stationary, while New York, Pennsylvania, California. Ohio,

Florida, Michigan, Illinois, Texas and New Jersey, have been the big gainers.

This goes to show that the drift of population is from the farm to the cities and the industrial centers. Some have attributed this to the per capita tax

increase in the agricultural states.

Questions 1. Why is population gravitating to the cities? Is this a good sign? Discuss

the problem.

2. Why has the population of California and Florida especially increased in

the last few years? Does this show that more work is obtainable in those states,

or that they have some other attraction?

3. To what is this increased population due, birth rate exceeding the death

rate, or increased immigration, or decline in the death rate, or all three?

568 IMPROVEMENT ERA

4. Must the United States depend more and more upon its own residents for

increased population? Why?

5. Can the United States support this increased population, or will we more

and more have to import food stuffs from other countries?

6. Has the population in some states already been stabilized, that is, by the

resources of those states?

7. How docs the density of population in this country compare with England,

Belgium and Germany? Reference: Literary Digest, February 19, 192 7, pp. 5-6.

II—SCIENCE AND INVENTION

1. How may we best protect goods from moths?

Moth balls may repel the moth fly, but will not kill the caterpillar.

The fumes of a cedar chest will destroy moth eggs and kill young caterpillars. Some gases that will kill moths will injure a man. Some others

will destroy the color of the dyes. Some are inflammable. Napthaline, or

ordinary tar camphor, is the best protector against moths. An economic

point of view is much preferable. Paper bags filled, tightly tied and hung in

the sunlight are recommended by Professor Harold Sellers Colton, University of Pennsylvania. (See article in Science Monthly, January, 1927, p. 47.)

2. The Sun Losing Weight.

How much is the sun losing in weight every second? How long will

it endure at that rate of decrease? Can matter be unmade or changed into

something that is not matter? (See Scientific Monthly, January, 1927,

page 90.) 3. Who is a Moron?

Can feeblemindedness be cured?

Some strong light is thrown on these questions by Dr. Henry H.

Goddard, of the Ohio University, in an article published in the Science

Monthly, January, 1927.

If the army tests mean anything, what part of the population of our country are morons?

What was the origin of the term moron? (See Literary Digest, January 29,

1927, page 19.)

4. The Seeing of Sound.

So we are to see sound and people may be taught to speak properly by seeing the picture of their spoken words! Singers, by seeing their singing,

may improve their voices. (See Literary Digest, February 5, 1927, pp. 2324.)

What is the name of this new soundseeing invention? How is it used to

help the oil prospector? What is "a walking mountain"? (See Literary Digest,

January 29, 1927, page 22.)

5. Transmission of Human Faces.

In an article on Television, Lucian Fournier tells us, among other things, that the experimenter, Mr. Barna, at a new demonstration, showed that he

could transmit faces of human beings sitting in a room of inky blackness to a screen fixed in another room in which the watchers were in total darkness.

(See Science and invention, March, 1927, pages 938 and 1066.)

6. The Family Cook Stove.

Do you know how high your cooking stove or range should be?

Why should the oven not be on the left side of the cooking burners? (See

Literary Digest, February 19, 192 7, page 24.)

7. Sowing From Airplanes.

Canada is sowing rice from airplanes over inaccessible swamps to feed wild fowls. (Science and Invention, March, 1927.)

MUTUAL WORK 569

8. Utah's Attendance at Philadelphia Meeting.

At the recent Philadelphia meeting of the American Association for the

Advancement of Science, the registration attendance was 3,181, three of whom were from Utah, with a population of 449,446; and 665 of whom

were from New York, with a population of 10,384,144. (See Science

Monthly, January, 1927.)

On a basis of per capita representation, how many representatives should have gone from Utah to equal the attendance from the Empire State?

Ill—ART AND LITERATURE

Is American Art Coming to the Front?

The American artists are rising in rebellion against the apparent disregard of their work by art purchasers in favor of foreign artists. Theyhave adopted a new slogan—"See Americans First,"which is the result

of seeing huge sums paid for old masters and nothing for their own work.

They feel that the foreign painter has been overpaid and call it American

Art Snobbism.

To emphasize the need of "seeing Americans first,"the Associated

Dealers in American Painters have arranged an exhibition at the Anderson

Galleries in New York, which is to call attention to the work of American artists.

It is the belief of many that America should declare her independence.

French critics are wont to characterize American Art as an offshoot of the

French school, as if nothing had ever happened here that could not be traced to the influence of Parisian training.

Mr. Forbes Watson, of the New York World, agrees that Americans do

suffer from artistic snobbism, but he seems to imply that American conservatism in the selling of pictures is at the bottom of the matter rather than snobbism. "Due to economic pressure, European salesmanship is much more

intensive and farreaching in its methods than American salesmanship, which is slightly softened by our immense prosperity. America is the wealthiest

market in existence. The European salesmen have their eyes on it every

minute of the twentyfour hours. The volume of their propaganda is

immense and they are in touch with practically every American collector of contemporary art. The result is that the general American public does not

know the rising artists as well as it should. If the Associated Dealers

eventually extend the scope of their lists, so that the public can 'see Americans first,'perhaps we shall all be happily cured of our snobbism."

George Luks, the painter, in the New York HeraldTribune, says, "If the millions that rich Americans are spending on counterfeit 'old masters,'were dumped in a subsidy for young artists, there would be a golden age of art here in this generation."

He claims that the people who have money to spend on art, are, generally speaking, incapable of appreciating it, and the people who can appreciate it have no money with which to buy it, but have to wait until someone leaves their collection to some museum before having an opportunity of seeing masterpieces. He ends by saying that the American artists are second

to none. (See Literary Digest for February 26, 1927.)

Questions

What claim can America lay to Art Production? "A prophet is not without

honor, save in his own country."Does this hold true in regard to American Artists?

Has the French school had the greatest influence over American art? What other

countries have influenced it? Name the most outstanding American Artists. Name

some of the Utah Artists and tell of their accomplishments.

570 IMPROVEMENT ERA Y. M. M. I. A. Statistical Report February, 1927

11a 2 5 S.S 8 a a la a a Is c 3 1& S Jjj 3 i! Ij S3 STAKE 11 o o fn a 11 i] Main W E> <. to < w W o'S<a << <4<w GO1"3 II

3 3 i 1000 18 15 125 157 290 395 967 94 71 108 193 466

Bear River. 480 12 12 90 140 115 155 500 69 117 83 84 353

314 6 4 32 67 62 51 83 295 22 48 36 11 60 177 706 14 14 131 179 179 37 236 762 98 85 110 20 170 483 223 6 36 82 48 12 38 216 15 16 16 5 9 61

Box Elder. - 771 14 14 147 237 240 18 277 919 108 165 142 15 178 608

Deseret 493 12 11 110 189 127 33 186 645 76 110 79 19 119 403

Duchesne 297 10 7 10 15 20 12 24 81 8 10 12 6 16 52

Emery 476 9 6"43 53 126 132 354 33 32 44 85 194

Ensign - 926 8 8 87 181 254 102 258 882 77 103 150 57 205 592

Garfield 308 8 4 33 63 57 49 202 19 23 22 22 86 1100 9 9 98 96 272 140 317 923 79 76 164 70 265 654 1400 14 14 145 117 331 72 353 1018 115 100 195 40 318 768

Gunnison 2 79 7 7 49 67 76 58 64 314 46 37 54 22 48 207 500 10 7 60 98 125 9 99 391 37 50 80 6 60 733 1011 10 73 1 10 141 60?17 601 67 65 9? 40 149 413

296 5 4 31 72 86 111 300 27 30 53 98 708

Kanab—212 6 6 53 66 39 29 67 254 41 46 20 20 46 173

1407 12 12 175 251 336 236 375 1373 122 157 166 145 280 870

Logan 597 11 10 106 108 170 12 258 654 81 60 84 8 175 408

Millard 344 8 6 44 79 113 106 342 32 36 47 49 164

Morgan 205 10 8 60 61 89 9 62 281 46 40 45 7 34 172

North Davis 462 7 6 52 67 102 20 133 3 74 41 33 57 7 101 239

North Sanpete 710 10 9 77 73 191 24 203 568 61 37 90 18 140 346

North Sevier.. 270 6 3 32 49 67 29 32 209 28 30 40 20 26 144

North Weber 634 13 12 95 33 159 8 222 517 75 22 72 6 130 305 848 10 10 100 137 237 66 274 814 71 79 117 40 175 48?

Oquirrh 469 5 5 67 81 127 9 174 458 50 39 60 3 101 253

Palmyra 487 8 8 67 131 141 44 211 594 47 63 86 27 136 359

Panguitch 260 6 4 37 34 86 29 86 272 24 21 48 79 172

Parowan 548 11 11 70 162 118 12 113 475 52 95 55 5 57 264

Pioneer 769 10 10 101 134 214 36 239 724 79 70 133 23 177 482

Roosevelt 330 12 8 56 65 18 25 61 225 31 29 7 15 26 108

Salt Lake 1072 13 13 137 146 277 143 282 985 107 88 168 72 202 637

San Juan 192 4 3 25 39 60 39 39 202 18 22 20 10 22 92 353 6 5 47 58 115 55 129 404 30 30 56 16 97 779

South Sanpete 480 7 6 48 104 134 286 37 61 87 185

South Sevier 304 7 4 36 39 35 10 80 200 21 19 13 14 25 92

Summit 467 12 6 46 57 67 26 71 267 35 24 25 19 29 13?

271 5 2 18 16 9 1 62 106 9 12 7 1 33 6?

Tooele: 390 9 6 41 80 30 38 44 233 35 34 70 15 74 178

Uintah 410 10 10 79 121 130 139 469 62 85 88 96 331

Utah 1100 16 16 144 178 301 38 442 1103 100 HO 185 23 280 698

Wasatch 376 9 o 68 94 120 156 438 54 67 74 123 318

Wayne 15.4 b 5 36 23 50 7 53 169 31 19 30 8 44 137.

Weber 711 9 9 82 89 140 66 200 577 61 53 69 23 129 335

Bannock 242 6 4 26 45 18 9 31 129 25 24 12 8 8 77

Bear Lake 369 1 1 10 85 68 98 109 360 50 39 53 71 213

Big Horn 322 7 6 53 77 50 41 73 294 24 20 54 14 45 157

Blackfoot 499 15 6 54 66 48 72 240 37 46 35 45 163

Boise 365 9 9 77 81 79 79 316 53 46 42 57 198

Burley 305 9 7 61 110 69. 24 95 359 48 66 45 19 56 734

124 10 4 23 22 15 22 82 12 7 7 9 35

Franklin 420 11 1 1 96 108 150 185 539 58 64 95 61 278

Fremont 659 14 14 119 222 199 35 226 801 95 165 123 24 161 568 I m c ll a 5 a a.So B "

? S E S si ii 1 si.3 E 3 g< STAKE o Sg 8 H a & w9 3o o i mo Sin o'S oaca s g Ed < s Ed E << < <

c 5 8!] is

Idaho Falls. 577 12 8 791161 90 26 118 474 59 82 48 8 49 246

Lost River 80 3 31 1 8 [ 43 7 38 106 14 18 5 15 52

Malad - 312 7 7 611 93 77 13 9? 336 44 56 50 10 50 210

Minidoka 246 8| 4 3 11 51 40 43 165 22 27 16 20 85

Montpelier 367 14114 841 96 133 7 129 449 60 62 94 3 94 313 354 1 1 1 1 105 135 113 8 152 513 72 64 64 4 101 305

Pocatello 561 1 0| 10 99(127 138 26 177 567 79 69 95 24 107 374

Portncuf 323 9] 631 61 52 5 107 288 46 23 30 4 59 162

Raft River 170 8 5 39 48 31 8 45 171 21 14 16 4 24 79

Rigby 57 1 13 10 88 103 91 49 99 430 60 91 55?5 6? 793

Yellowstone.. 370 10 10 67 99 80 72 318 44 71 54 50 219

Alberta 380 1 1 11 100 17,7 161 41 143 57? 79 90 1 1 1 30 108 418

128 5 5 77 68 75 47 45 212?? 60?n 41 35 178

Lethbridge. 234 9 9 73 100 90 33 70 366 61 61 67 22 56 267

Los Angeles.. 527 16 11 97 113 220 22 78 530 76 75 152 16 61 380

Lyman. 220 7 7 49 93 69 81 292 34 77 34 53 198

Maricopa, 420 8 8 80 97 137 13 136 463 62 79 91 10 94 336

Moapa 236 9 R 64 84 91 10 99 348 47 37 55 8 80 7,7,7

San Luis 401 4 2 5 13 11 25 54 4 5 4 15 28 10 9 58 120 60 26 84 348 40 61 24 9 49 183 Snowflake 280

Star Valley. 359 11 10 117 68 112 12 86 395 63 42 52 4 42 203

Taylor 339 6 6 74 93 150 83 58 459 62 76 100 51 29 319 193 7 7 53 93 47 22 61 276 47 54 35 8 49 193

Woodruff 286 6 6 41 74 63 9 78 265 29 33 27 5 32 126 102 6 6 34 20 51 11 45 161 26 21) 43 15 31 136

Calif. Mission 1046|33 31 190 316 196 31 166 899 168 205 149 7 121 650

N. W. States 298|.- 6 37 93 54 12 23 219 24 4l| 20 10 14 109

Y. M. M. I. A. Efficiency Report, February, 1927

OB a1a a a a 1 S i STAKE a < 1 aa SI 3Eh S3 s ais B IS m CQ8 s 5

10 5 6 6 5 4 10 7 9 8 70 Bear River 10 10 8 10 8 8 9 9 10 9 91

Beaver 9 6 7 6 8 8 7 9 8 8 76 Benson 10 6 10 10 7 7 8 8 10 10 86

Blaine 10 3 10 10 10 7 10 8 10 10 88

Box Elder 10 10 10 7 7 9 10 10 10 10'93

Deseret 10 6 10 10 7 8 10 10 8 8 89

Duchesne 3 10 10 10 5 5 5 7 10 10 75

Emery 7 5 8 8 7 4 8 5 8 8 68 Ensign 9 10 10 10 10 7 10 8 10 10 94

Garfield. 7 4 10 5 4 10 7 8 6 61

Granite. 8 10 10 10 10 6 8 6 10 10 88

Grant i 7 10 10 10 10 9 9 6 10 10 91

Gunnison 10 10 10 9 6 9 7 8 8 10 87

Hyrum - 8 6 6 5 7 4 7 5 7 5 59

Jordan - 6 10 8 8 5 6 4 5 7 7 66

Juab 10 10 8 8 8 7 7 7 8 7 80 Kanab 10 10 10 10 8 10 10 8 8 10 94

Liberty 10 6 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 96 10 6 10 10 10 5 9 8 9 9 86 Millard 10 5 9 7 8 3 7 4 8 7 68

Morgan 10 6 8 1 8 8! 10 10 10 8 79

1J

In t:.3 STAKX 2

6 10 10 10 6 9 10 10 87North Davis North Sanpete- 6 10 10 10 7 10 7 6 8 82

North Sevier.. 10 9 9 10 4 5 7 8 5 75

North Weber 6 8 10 8 7 10 10 10 10 87

Ogden 10 6 10 10 9 8 10 10 10 10 93

Oquirrh 10 6 10 10 10 6 9 10 10 10 91

Palmyra 10 6 10 9 9 7 10 9 10 10 90

Panguitch 10 6 no 6 5 7 10 9 3 10 76

Parowan 9 6 9 7 8 7 8 6 8 9 77

Pioneer 9 10 10 6 10 5 10 8 10 10 88

Roosevelt 7.5 4 1 1 5 5 7 5 5 45

Salt Lake 9 6 10 10 10 7 10 9 10 89

San Juan 10 5 7 5 5 7 5 7 7 65

Sevier 10 6 8 8 7 6 10 9 10 82

South Sanpete 6 6 10 10 10 7 9 6 10 10 84

South Sevier 7 5 6 3 3 4 6 5 4 6 49

Summit 6 5 10 10 5 8 10 8 5 10 77

Tintic 4 6 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 00

Tooele 6 5 6 2 2 1 4 6 5 3 40 Uintah 10 10 10 5 10 9 9 10 8 89

Utah - 10 6 9 8 7 8 9 9 9 83 Wasatch 10 10 9 9 8 10 8 9 7 88

Wayne 10 10 5 2 3 2 3 3 1 39 Weber 8 6 10 6 9 7 7 5 10 10 78

Bannock 5 6 7 5 4 2 6 5 5 4 49

Bear Lake 10 6 8 5 6 9 9 8 3 7 71

Big Horn 9 5 6 5 6 6 5 6 6 6 60

Blackfoot 5 10 10 1 10 10 10 5 10 10 81

Boise 10 6 10 6 10 8 9 9 10 8 86

Burley 10 7 6 7 4 7 6 7 70 Curlew 7 5 3 2 5 10 10 1 42 Franklin 10 5 10 10 8 7 10 10 10 8 88

Fremont 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

Idaho Falls.,.. 8 5 7 9 9 7 8 9 9 9 80

Lost River 10 5 10 7 7 5 10 7 5 9 75

Malad 9 6 7 10 7 10 10 9 8 9 86

Minidoka 7 5 10 8 10 9 8 10 83

Montpelier 10 10 7 5 4 9 9 7 77

Oneida 10 6 10 9 9 10 9 6 80 Pocatello | 10 10 10 10 9 10 10 10 10 99

Portneuf 9 6 10 1 3 6 7 5 6 56

Raft River 10 5 8 2 4 10 71 Rigby 8 10 6 4 5 9 71 9 9 9 79Yellowstone—9 10 9 3 5

Alberta 10 10 9 1 9 9 10 9 10 85

Juarez 10 10 10 5'7 10 10 10 10 10 92

Lethbridge 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

Los Angeles 10 7 10 10 10 9 7 5 10 10 88

Lyman 10 10 10 7 6 7 8 9 10 8 85

Maricopa 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 9 10 8 97

Moapa 10 7 8 6 7 5 10 10 9 7 79

San Luis 3 10 10 10 10 10 7 10 10 80

Snowflake 10 5 7 6 6 5 7 6 5 63

Star Valley. 10 5 9 4 5 8 9 10 8 76

Taylor 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

Union 10 10 10 4 5 4 6 10 10 77

Woodruff 9 5 10 10 6 7 7 7 77 Young 10 10 8 2 2 9 6 10 9 73 Calif. Mission 9 10 9 4 4 9 9 10 10 83

N. W. States 7 5 10 10 10 5 3 72

Senator Wm. H. King was denied admittance to Haiti as an "undesirable alien,"March 12, 1927, on the alleged ground that he has made

an attack upon the Haitian president in a speech in the U. S. Senate. Senator

King has advocated the removal from Haiti of the American marines and this had possibly something to do with the refusal to let him land.

The proposal of President Coolidge for another naval armament conference was rejected by Italy, Feb. 21, 1927, on the ground that naval, air,

and military armaments are interdependent, and that there is need of universality in international disarmament pacts, as well as on Italy's defensive needs due to her geographical position. A negative reply was received from

France on Feb 15. Both France and Italy have, later, been invited to send

"observers"to a threepower armament conference, consisting of the United

States, Great Britain and Japan.

The Salt Lake branch of the Federal Reserve Bank was opened for business on Feb. 21, 1927. The new home, which has been erected at the

corner of South Temple and State streets, at a cost of $400,000, is a magnificent building. It stands on the site once occupied by the famous

Gardo House. The removal included the transfer of $12,000,000 from

the Deseret National Bank building.

Valentine Gideon, former chief justice of the Utah supreme court, was appointed by Governor Dern, Feb. 19, 1927, to fill the vacancy caused by

the death of Justice J. E. Frick. He was first appointed to the supreme

bench by Governor Simon Bamberger in 1917, and in 1918 was elected for an eightyear term on the Democratic ticket. Justice Gideon announced

his retirement June 5, 1926, to take place at the end of the term.

Across ithe Atlantic in the air, was the achievement of 'the Italian aviator, Commander Francesco de Piriedo, who arrived in Rio Janeiro,

Feb. 26, 1927, on his "fourcontinent"flight. He was greeted by an immense throng. Enthusiastic welcomers crowded the fenders of the machine

and hung wherever they could get a grip. They crowded,so thickly that

the police feared that the heat would suffocate the aviator and almost caused a 'fight to give him enough air.

The Mounds Shearing Company's plant, near Price, Utah, was destroyed by fire, March 14, 1927. The loss is. estimated at $25,000. There was no

water available, nor any fire apparatus with which to fight the flames, and the few people living there, mostly railroad employes, were helpless spectators of the destruction. The fire was discovered in the center of the roof and

spread rapidly, fanned by a strong wind. The blaze was visible for miles

around. The plant was built in 1916. An average of 50,000 sheep were

clipped there every year.

The 44th meeting of the Council of the League of Nations convened

March 7, 1927, at Geneva, with Dr. Gustav Stresemann presiding. This is

a tribute to the ability of the German statesman, no less than an acknowledgment of the importance of Germany in the League. Among the questions

before the Council is a dispute between Hungary and Rumania concerning property rights of Hungarians in Transylvania, which territory now belongs to Rumania. The question is considered grave. Dr. Stresemann insists on

speaking German in the meetings of the Council.

Another disastrous earthquake was reported from Tokyo, Japan, on

March 8, 1927, by which towns and villages were destroyed and enormous damage done to property. The first official figures gave 4,774 as the

5 74 IMPROVEMENT ERA

number of dead, and 7,000 homes destroyed by the temblors and fires that followed. Among the victims is mentioned one Mrs. Glen Schultze from

New York, one of many American tourists cruising in Japanese waters on board the 5. S. California. The greatest damage was reported from the

Sanin district, which was the scene of the quake in 1925.

Alexander Kerensky, the great Russian patriot, arrived in the United

States, March 2, 1927, on the S. S. \Olympic, for a visit. Kerensky was

met at the quarantine station by Kenneth N. Simpson, assistant United

States attorney, and Nicholas Vinner, adjutant to Kerensky when he was in power. Vinner is now professor of Russian philosophy and literature at

Columbia University. Simpson and Vinner had a brief private talk with

Kerensky before he was met by the newspaper men. Vinner acted as interpreter as Kerensky's familiarity with the English language is limited to

the written word.

Silverton and Eureka, Col., were reported snowbound and isolated on

March 6, 1927. The condition had then lasted for three weeks. An

effort to assist the inhabitants, by Captain Floyd N. Shumaker and Lieut.

E. W. Goss, failed when the huge DeHaviland airplane in which they left

Denver early that morning with supplies, was unable to combat the severe storms which whipped the peaks of the Continental divide. Flying at an

altitude of 14,000 feet, the intrepid aviators made five unsuccessful attempts to cross the barriers. Silverton and Eureka are mining towns in southwestern Colorado.

A biennial report of the Extension Service of the Utah Agricultural

College, for 192526, entitled, "An Educational Service to Utah Farms and

Rural Homes,"has just been issued. It is a review of work done under

various extension projects, as crop rotation, irrigation, crop improvement, home gardening, landscape gardening, recreation, boys'and girls'club work, farm building, kitchen improvements, etc., edited by P. V. Cardon, and

distributed by William Peterson, director of the Extension Service of the

Utah Agricultural College, Logan, Utah. There are 40 pages of pictures,

charts, etc., each bearing upon an important phase of farm, home, or

community problems.

The Seventeenth Annual Invitation Track and Field Meet and Relay

Carnival will be held at Brigham Young University April 29 and 30. A

large group of high school girls and boys, junior college men, university and college freshmen, and junior high school boys is expected to take part in the competitions which are open to athletes from all schools who have good standing in their own institutions. Last year more than 1,300 took part in the

meet; 400 high school, junior high school, junior college men competed on

the afternoon of Saturday. The numbers will be as great or greater this year,

it is believed. A gold watch is given to the best allround athlete and

hundreds of dollars'worth of medals are given to winners.

The 69th Congress expired, March 4, 1927, by constitutional mandate.

The senate failed to pass several appropriation bills previously approved.

This was the result of a bitter fight over a resolution continuing the campaign funds committee, for the purpose of investigating the campaign expenses of certain senators. Every government agency, it is thought, will feel

the pinch of lack of funds during the coming year. Failure of the deficiency

measure struck the severest blow at government operations. This bill alone

carried $93,700,000, including funds to pay pensions, to make loans to veterans on bonus certificates, to permit loans to farmers for purchase of seed and to meet numerous other contemplated activities.

The McNaryHaugen farm relief bill was passed Feb. 17 by the U. S.

House of Representatives in the form it had been approved by the Senate.

The bill proposes the creation of a federal farm board with power to levy an equalization fee on six basic agricultural commodities for the purpose of controlling surpluses. By passing the measure, the house, in less than twelve

PASSING EVENTS 5 75

months, reversed its position, having by a vote of 212 to 167 last spring rejected a bill embodying the same general provisions. The senate, by

passing the bill, 47 to 39, also reversed its position,, having rejected the equalization fee plan last year. The bill was later vetoed by President

Coolidge.

Two U. S. Army flyers met death, Feb. 26, 1927, at Buenos Aires,

Argentina, at the end of the first, half of their goodwill visit to the Americas.

Captain Clinton F. Woolsey of Michigan, pilot of the Detroit and the

squadron's maintenance officer, and Lieutenant John W. Benton of California,

the relief pilot and youngest of the aviators, were skilled when the New

York and Detroit collided in the air and crashed to earth. Major Herbert A.

Dargue, flight commander and pilot of the New York, the flagship of the squadron, and Lieutenant Ennis C. Whitehead, his relief pilot, jumped from

their machine and were landed by their parachutes safely. The journey will

be continued, notwithstanding the tragedy.

An address that was literally heard around the world, by the aid of radio, was delivered by President Coolidge before Congress on Feb. 22, 1927,

on George Washington. The address was virtually the beginning of arrangements for the celebration of the 200th anniversary of the birth of the

nation's first chief in 1932. President Coolidge emphasized the fact that

Washington, unlike most soldiers, was able to construct. "That he had

around him many great minds does not detract from his glory. His was

the spirit without which there would have been no independence, no union, no constitution, and no Republic."The address was heard by thousands

in the Salt Lake Tabernacle, and by hundreds in the legislative halls of Utah, and in private residences all over the state.

The skeleton of a prehistoric camel was found on a farm, six miles north of Holden, Millard Co., Utah, by one Mr. J. Siko, who was excavating for

irrigation purposes. Dr. Fred J. Pack, of the University of Utah, was telephoned about the find, and he recognized the bones as those of a camel, an

animal which roamed this continent about 500,000 years ago. The discovery

was made Feb. 19, 1927. Mr. Siko was digging into a side hill following a

seep and was at a depth of about fourteen feet in a formation of disintegrated yellow sandstone when he uncovered two teeth about two and onehalf inches in width and apparently belonging to some herbiferous animal of ages gone by. Digging a little farther he encountered the ribs of the animal and brought

them and the large teeth to Fillmore to tell the story of his find.

The 1 7th legislature of Utah adjourned, March 10, 19 27, after having been in session since Jan 10. Congressman Don B. Colton was present

and briefly addressed the House. He praised the legislators for their quick

action against the SwingJohnson bill, which he said would ultimately pass

Congress, but with amendments protecting Utah's interests. Apart from

the action on the Colorado river problem, many thought that the passage of

Senator W. D. Candland's bill, abolishing the state department of finance

and purchase, was the measure which would have the most farreaching effects of the acts having their origin in the senate. Standing out among the

house proposals that were enacted into law were the Stine bills, requiring the budgeting of the expenses of the state roads department, the securities commission, the department of public instruction and the fish and game department. Perhaps the house bills which caused the most widespread discussion

were the measures repealing the Redd racing act and the three proposed acts, two amending the racing law, and the third drafted in an eleventhhour effort to create a new racing commission before adjournment came. According to a

suggestion made to Governor Dern, "the state of Utah is probably wide open for horse racing under the pari mutuel system without any regulation whatever. There is no law against racing, and the supreme court has decided

that pari mutuel betting is not gambling, hence there is danger that the state has removed all restrictions."

576 | IMPROVEMENT ERA

The last rock wall in the pioneer bore of the Moffat tunnel was blasted away Feb. 19, 1927, by 200 pounds of dynamite, set off by President

Coolidge in Washington by pressing an electric key. The shot was fired

at 8:10 p. m. (mountain time). Completion of the pioneer tunnel will

hasten the work on the railroad tunnel which parallels it and strengthen the social and commercial bonds which link Colorado and Utah together, and open to development a new inland empire, rich in coal, minerals and agricultural lands. Mayor C. Clarence Neslen represented Utah on the

occasion, and Governor W. H. Adams, the state of Colorado. By the building

of the Moffat tunnel, the route between Denver and Salt Lake is reduced approximately 173 miles. To make this an accomplished fact,

however, it will require, either the completion of the Denver and Salt Lake railroad from Craig westward, or the building of the cutoff, approximately 40 miles in length, to join the Denver & Rio Grande Western railroad's line into Salt Lake City. Already the Interstate Commerce Commission has

approved the construction of such a connecting line.

Southern California was floodbound on Feb. 17, 1927, as the result

of four days'unprecedented rain and snow. People were fleeing from

Venice, Long Beach. Anaheim. Fullerton, Los Angeles, San Diego, and some

other cities, and 5,000 persons stood homeless. The death list had reached

21. Property damage, it was reported, would mount to millions. In Los

Angeles alone the damage to bridges was estimated at a million dollars.

Gratitude

For the mountains'lofty towers,

With their crowns of glistening snow;

For the dainty, sweet wild flowers,

And the hills on which they grow;

For the ever busy river Singing to its mossy banks, Dearest Lord, the gracious Giver,

I will offer grateful thanks.

For the valley's broad, rich bosom,

Nourishing the fields of grain;

For each spray, each bud and blossom;

For the sunshine, clouds, and rain;

For the fragrant, smiling meadows,

For each blade, each bush and tree,

For the brooks o'erhung with willows,

Lord, I offer thanks to thee.

For the melodies descending From the high, breezefretted trees,

Each soft strain so sweetly blending

With the songs of birds and bees;

And for all thy great creation,

Vastly more than I can see While in this my lowly station,

Lord, I offer thanks to thee.

Logan, Utah SAMUEL B. MlTTON.

My Prayer O Father, give to me each day The faith that moves to do, The faith that leads to righteousness

And guides me unto you.

Grant thou, O Father, unto me A life to service given, That I may help some soul to find

The pathway unto heaven.

And from that pathway, Father dear,

Let not my footsteps stray.

But through the deepest, darkest night

Give me the faith to pray.

When one of these, thy little ones,

May need a helping hand, O Father, grant that I may have

The faith to understand.

Spring Lake, Utah. J. RAYMOND HUISH.

IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1927 Two Dollars per Annum Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter

Heber J. Grant, Melvin J. Ballard, Business Mgr. XpA't

Edward H. Anderson. J Moroni Snow, Assistant.

Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section 1 103, Act of

October 3, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918

Gulls on Hat Island, Great Salt Lake Frontispiece

The Sea Gull. A Poem Edward H. Anderson 487

The Sea Gulls 4 8 9 The Gulls. A Poem Ezra J. Poulsen 490

A Modern Miracle Margaret Ball Dickson 491

A Modern Desert Ranger 492 The OneAct Drama Annie D. Palmer 493 Rescue.—A

The Silent Places. A Poem Grace Ingles Frost 504

Is Utah Civilized? L. P. Roberts 505

The Old West. A Poem 1 Jrvin,L. Warnock 512

Alcohol and L. Weston Oaks, M. D 513 Humanity—II

The Little People of Minehune Elder Lee N. Taylor 5 1 9

The Smoker's Rights 5 20 Easter Blossoms. A Story Elizabeth Cannon Porter 521

Life Supernal. A Poem O. F. Ursenbach 525

Notes on the Book of J. M. Sjodahl 526 Mormon—IIn My Play. A Poem Bertha A. Kleinman 531

Historic Old Cove Fort. Illustrated Frank Beckwith 532

Westerners in Action Peter McKinnon 537

Athletics in Our High Schools J. R. Tippetts 539

Millennial Dawn. Hymn with Music Charles M. Woods and S. B.

Mitton 546 The Unsuccessful; Success Through Merit. Joseph Longking Townsend-—547

Messages from the Missions. Illustrated 548

In the Spring. A Story Weston N. Nordgran 552

Vanishing Landmarks. A Poem Minerva Pinkerton Troy. 5 55

Editors'is Risen 55 6 Table—Christ

Reflections 55 7 Books 5 5 8 Credit for Photograph.. 5 5 9

Spring Flattie Critchlow Jensen 5 5 9

Priesthood Quorums 5 60 Mutual Work 5 6 Passing Events 5 7 Gratitude. A Poem Samuel B. Mitton 576

My Prayer. A Poem J. Raymond Huish 577

Again—A Great Summer Opportunity

The Utah Agricultural College again offers teachers and students of the West an opportunity to secure the courses they most need under an outstanding faculty on the most delightful summer campus in America.

VISITING FACULTY OF THE 1927 "NATIONAL SUMMER

SCHOOL"To the very able resident faculty of the College the following educators of national and state prominence have been added:

HENRY C. COWLES, Head of the DepartANDREW C. McLAUGHLIN, Head of the

ment of Botany, University of Chicago. Department of History, University of

B. H. HIBBARD, Head of the Department Chicago.

of Agricultural Economics, University E. LAWRENCE PALMER, Professor of

of Wisconsin. Rural Education, Cornell University.

ANNIE CARROLL MOORE, Librarian KATIIERINE V. PALMER, Rural EducaChildren's Department, New York City tion, Cornell University.

Public Library. JOSEPH PETERSON, Head of the DeMABEL WILKERSON, Specialist in Cospartment of Psychology, Peabody

tume Design and Home Furnishing, Teachers College.

New York City. JOHN A. WIDTSOE, Specialist in IrrigaKNUTE ROCKNE, Coach, Notre Dame tion and Drainage, Formerly President

University. U. A. C. and U. of U.

C. S. LEAF, Holder of the Five and Seven FOREST C ALLEN, Basketball coach,

Mile Professional World's Swimming University of Kansas.

Record. EDWARD HOWARD GRIGGS, Lecturer,

. CLAYTON HAMILTON, Lecturer, New c. SAMUEL,, rT rT rM. owrtrirr.CROWTHERS,c tLecturer, York Citv Cambridge, Mass.

CHARLOTTE PERKINS GILMAN, LeeLOFTER BJARNASON, State Supei visor turer, New York City. of Grammar Grades and Junior High

CHAS. H. SKIDMORE, Superintendent Schools, Salt Lake City.

Box Elder School District, Brigham DESY A. JOHNSON, Education, Logan,

City, Utah. Utah.

Teachers in Primary Methods and in Art to be announced later.

Courses arranged to meet requirements for certification in Utah and neighboring states.

COACHING SCHOOL A special feature of this session will be a Coaching School conducted by nationally known coaches and the resident faculty.

Residence requirements for baccalaureate and the master's degrees may be satisfied by attendance at summer sessions.

THE U. A. C. IS ON THE ACCREDITED LIST OF

AMERICAN UNIVERSITIES 22 Second term July 25—August 26 First term June 13—July

Combine recreation with study at the U. A. C. Summer School.

For further information send for catalog and descriptive literature to

President's Office.

Utah Agricultural College LOGAN, UTAH

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Advertising Policy of the Era We accept only the highest class of advertising. We recommend to our readers

the firms and goods found in our advertising pages.

ADVERTISERS IN THIS ISSUE Agricultural College of Utah L. D. S. Business College

Beneficial Life Ins. Co. 'LaSalle Extension University

Bennett's Service Stations Miskin Scraper Works

Deseret Book Store Ottenheimer Co.

Deseret News Southern Pacific Lines

Fleischmann's Yeast Utah Home Fire Ins. Co.

Jos. Wm. Taylor, Undertaker Utah Light & Power Co.

Zion's Cooperative Mctle. Inst.

HUMOROUS HINTS

Trapnester: "So you want a job, eh? Ever tell a lie?"

Boy: "No, but I'm willing to S. learn."—M.

In had been talking to a photographer. After he left, she gave School—Teacher

"honey"as a word to spell.

Boy: "What kind of honey do you mean?"

Teacher (Embarrassed): "Well, there's only one way to spell it anyhow."M. S.

Solicitor: "Are you a member of the Kindness to Animals Club?"

Old Lady: "Yes, indeed."

Solicitor: "Then I'm sure you will give a dollar to the Blindpig Protection

Fund."Old Lady: "I never refuse a worthy cause."

La Salle Extension University.The World's Largest Business Training Institution

FIND YOURSELF THROUGH LASALLE LaSalle Extension University, Improvement Era or 214 Templeton Bldg., Salt Lake City, Utah

I would welcome an outline of your SALARYDOUBLING PLAN, together with a copy of "Ten Years'Promotion in One,"all without obligation. I am

interested in field checked below:

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT: TRAFFIC Management Foreign

Training for Official Managerial, and Domestic.

Sales Industrial Management, and Departmental Execu- Q tive positions. and 3 Banking

Foremanship and ProHIGHER ACCOUNTANCY: Q Modern Finance. Training for position as Auditor, duction Methods.

Comptroller, Certified Public 3 Personnel and Employment ManStation Management. 3 Railway SALESMANSHIP: |Accountant,MODERNetc. agement. Law. Commercial Leading to position as Sales Executlve, Salesman, Sales Coach 3 Expert Bookkeeping.

or Trainer, Sales Promotion Business English.

Manager, Manufacturer's Agent, I Commercial Spanish.

Solicitor, and all positions in reEffective Speaking.

tall, wholesale, or specialty C. P. A. Coaching for Advanced

selling. Accountants.

LAW: Training for Bar: LL.B. j?

Degree. r ree

BUSINESS MODERN CORRESTPAT 1.LIN VfADC'I LAIXO PONDENCE AND PRACTICE:

Training for position or Collection as Sales r>T>rn\/fnTlTkTM"JK.UMU 1 1UIN TMUN Correspondent.

Sales Mail Manager, Promotion "1"ISOIVT?"etc. Sales Manager. Secretary,

NAME ADDRESS

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Enter the Electric ServantExit Drudgery!

A community may have high ideals, but real civilization is the release of woman from the drudgery which impairs her powers.

In a very real sense Electricity has become a servant in the home, to lighten the duties of the housewife.

Are you taking full advantage of its usefulness?

Let us show you some of the many ways in which you can do so.

Light Co. Utah Power &

Efficient Public Service

More Than One George's new grandson is called a prince, except Title—King

when he cries in the middle of the night. Illinois Siren.

"Rastus, why did you strike the telegraph operator?"the judge asked.

"Well, yo honah,"said the culprit, "it was just like this. I hands him a telegram

for mah girl, and he starts reading it. Ef he ain't got no manners. I'll teach him

some."M. S.

Police Judge: "With what instrument or article did your wife inflict these

wounds on your head and face?"

Michael Mooney: "Wid a motter, yer anner."

Judge: "A what?"

o'these frames wid a 'God Bless Our Home'in Mooney: "A motter—wan

it."The Furrow.

YOU SHOULD NOT

HESITATE Delay often spells Regret Let us send one of our representatives.

He will explain the many liberal Protection features.

Call or Write

TRAVEL A0 Was. 550 Salt Lake City, Utah PfOESTRtAN

ACCIDENT INSURANCE

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ZRA

Classes being formed New every day EnterAny Time Why attend the L. D. S. Busi ness

College?

Best courses of study.

Best teachers, specially trained, experienced and successful

Best methods.

Best equipment.

Best returns for your time and money

L. D. S. Business College

SALT LAKE CITY "The School of BEST Results"

A parking place is where you leave the car to have the tail light knocked off.

Then there's the absentminded business man who thought he was at the office and started dictating around home. Perrins.

Furs, Etc.—'"Well, summer is here,"she said.

"Yes,"he replied, unthinking, "now the girls can put on their heavy clothing."Perrins.

Young Mother: "Do you believe in Mothers'Clubs, Granny?"

Cranny (Octogenarian): "Land sakes, no, nothing can beat a slipper or a good

birch switch."D. C. R.

Testing Him—-"Let's hear you make a noise."

"Why,"asked the caller.

"Oh,"said little Johnny, "Sis says you're a green horn."—Perrins.

ARROW HEAD Wear 1 Shirts Quality Shirts At MADE IN Popular Prices UTAH

Ask Your Dealer. If He Cannot Supply You Address Makers

OTTENHEIMER COMPANY SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

I Recommend This Wonderful Food Mrs. Mary L. Harrison, Ogden, Utah, in writing to The Fleischmann Company

about yeastfor-health said:

"I simply can't praise Freischmann's Yeast enough. After suffering with

stomach trouble for thirty years, I began taking two cakes of Fleischmann's

Yeast dissolved in hot water, daily. I am now enjoying the best of health

and recommend this wonderful food to all those suffering with bad blood or stomach disorders."

Fleischmann's Yeast is not a medicine in any a simple fresh sense—just

food that brings health in a natural way. It banishes constipation, digestive

disturbances, clears the skin. Grocers sell it and recommend it to their

customers because they realize that by doing this they render their customers a service.

Eat it regularly every day before meals, two to three cakes a day. Dissolve

it in water, fruit juices, milk or spread it on crackers. Some prefer it plain,

eaten from the cake in small portions. For constipation especially dissolve

it in hot water (not scalding) before breakfast.

FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST At All Grocers Eat 2 or 3 Cakes a Day

MISKIN SCRAPERS

EASY

TO FOR HANDLE HORSES EASY OR TO TRACTOR PULL

WEEDS GROW UP AROUND ALL OTHER SCRAPERS WHERE THE

MISKIN IS KNOWN Level your farm now. NO BETTER INVESTMENT CAN POSSIBLY BE MADE AT

THIS TIME, as it is well known that a leveled farm is cheaper to operate, requires less water to irrigate and less labor and time to produce an even distribution of crops and a nyjch greater yield. The efficient and economical way to do this is with a Miskin Scraper.

WRITE FOR CATALOG Manufactuied only by MISKIN SCRAPER WORKS UCON, IDAHO

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Worth While Improvement for 1927

More Homes With Books In, More Books for the Home

"Reading Maketh a full Man"Bacon

Buy a Book Every Week Deseret Book Company 44 East on South Temple

JOSEPH WILLIAM TAYLOR

UTAH'S LEADING 1872 1927 UNDERTAKER Best Equipped for Calls Night or Day in or Out of the City

Price of Caskets at Your Suiting

Services the Latest Advancement

Phones "Wasatch 7600, both Office and Residence 2125 South West Temple Street

Fire Is of Persons No Respecter

You may wait till tomorrow to insure but the fire may not

"See our agent in your town9 '

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

I I E PHUA M WH TE WILL ARID UT

Make the Carbon work for you, That's what ETHYL GAS will do,

Turn the Carbon into power.

Get extra Mileage without "Knocks"with

BENNETT'S ETHYL [RED] Gasoline

SO MANY REASONS WHY

ufijSn7\ IT SHOULD BE ISSUE THE BEST THERE IS IN fat 1 riDCT WE JALI riliijl LIFE INSURANCE—

You Need Our Insurance *<*xo*0'We Want Your BusineB8

Beneficial Liie Insurance Co., &JW"Heber J. Grant, President Lorenzo N. StohL Manager SALT LAKE CITY