......',..- 't, m, mma IThe Improvement Era June 1965 InAlsothisnewissue:paintingApril ofGeneralMelchizedekConferencePriesthoodAddressesRestoration

High School Students! Be Prepared

For the Best in University Education

to Enter BYU Plan NOW, Prepare NOW

Brigham Young University is unique. It ranks admission to autumn semester is July 31. Also the

among the great universities of the world because it American College Test results must be sent with the possesses a character, a personality, that certain someapplication.

thing. That is one of the ingredients of a great university along with a well trained and dedicated faculty,

a comfortable and wellequipped campus, and student body of high quality. Here, truly, one receives that VITAL DATES TO REMEMBER

extra—the training of mind, body, and spirit together June 19—The last date for American College in an ideal social climate.

Make sure you assure your place for superior Test before BYU application deadline. Regeducation at BYU by meeting the deadlines listed beistration period for this test April 26 to

low. Remember, this year application deadline for June 5. Check your local high school or

college for arrangements.

June 14July 16—First term, Summer School.

'CLIP AND MAIL-- July 1 9-Aug. 20—Second term, Summer School.

TO: July 31—Deadline for applications for admisUniversity Relations Division

Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah sion to autumn semester.

Sept. 16—Registration begins for autumn sePlease send me more information about BYU. I am especially

mester.

interested in NAME. Brigham Young

ADDRESS.

CITY STATE. UNIVERSITY PROVO UTAH

These men of integrity Exploring invite you to entrust the

Universe your banking needs By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr.

to their care...

THE

SPECIES BECOME EXTINCT DIRECTORS

Since 1800 no fewer than 44 OF ZIONS species of mammals and probably FIRST

NATIONAL of species birds S. SAYER ROY W. have JUDSON QRVAL LEE becomemore SIMMONSZions First Vice ERICPresidentC. HAChairmanR0LD and Vice ol the Chairman

Bank National ofB.theof Council wthe ADAMSBoardZions First Streetextinct, Philip has pointed Division,Chairman Borg WarnerofBoard;the President. Manager,Telephone AABERGand GeneralStatesCo. Mountain& Telegraph BANK: ChairmanformerNational Christ PresidentBank.of of Twelve.Board,ol ViceCorporation.FormerNorge Member.ChurchLatterday SaintsJesus species, passenger pigeonout. The

which the famous ornithologists

John James Audubon and Alexander Wilson estimated included between one and two billion birds, has been extinct since the last one died in the Cincinnati Zoological

1, 1914.Gardens September The

E. JOSEPH B. HUGH BROWN GUS P, of family, the pigeon wasdodo JR.JK. A. Ctnnui.ru,BERN0LF0, First of H. BENNETTDepartment President,?CMI Member FRED Partner,A.Co. CARLESONFred SeniorCarleson ManageJ. BADGERAmerican Store.HAROLD of President,President. ProUtah.Utah BACKMANHotelInc.Co.; RegionalOilASHBYCompany Managingberger large alarger with a turkey, than Christ Churchofthe LatterExploration InvestmentDirector,Company. Saints. Bamaid JesusdayPresidency.

tail, curly short beak, andhooked rudimentary wings. It was first discovered on Mauritius Island in the

Indian Ocean in 1598, but by 1693 it had disappeared as a result of dogs and pigs roaming wild on the island. The auk, found in areas in

in Atlantic, mostly a fewthe North D. CHARLES President.EDWARDE lasted islands Iceland, nearrocky Company. FRANCISPresident, MadsenA. MADSENFurniture Vice MICHAELSONPresident ExecutiveDONALDGeneral i.President.GravelEASTMANProductsUtahCorporation.SandHATCHand President.Company.WALKER

Kennecott Copperof ViceManager,P.Stores.PresidentLLOYDAsLibertyKENNEDYFuel andsociated CorporaMining. Food until last the discovery in 1534from

pair of this flightless bird was killed in 1844. The quagga, a species of zebra, survived until 1883 in

the Amsterdam Zoo, and the Burchell zebra until 1909 in the London Zoo.

VIRGIL R. FIELDING JOSEPH WILLARD S. MULOCK FRED

Member. Beneliciat RICHARDSGranite ViceSMITHPresiManager.W. Former President. Former SMITH ol ol Co. Bank President.Insurance Company HENRYActingFurniture RefiningUnited Council SaintsJesusthe H. SMITHLife Twelve,ChristDELBERT of ChurchLatter.CouncilL. daySTAPLEY TrustZionsExecutiveCompany.Savings and Company MiningSmelting. Statesand oflesusthe dent.

of Church PresidentTwelve,Christ of Saints Latterday

They invite you to open a checking account, savings account, apply for a loan in person or by mail.

(QSf<yi ZIONS DISEASEDEFICIENCY CAUSES of less than FIRST NATIONAL seleniumA deficiency of 0.1 part per million in the dry weight

of forage causes white muscle disease in lambs and calves, it has been BANKffFOUNDED BY BRIGHAM YOUNG - 1873 reported Allaway of the by W. H. 235 South 102 Main Street South Main Banks Main - One of Agriculture.US Department 8th Mall Cottonwood 4th South 7th West & 21st450 SouthSouth West 2nd East &

Kearns Taylorsville member federal deposit insurance corporation

MAY 1965 465 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Contents for June 1965 Volume 68. Number 6

ART AND PHOTO CREDITS Church Features Art Direction: Ralph Reynolds

The Editor's Page: The Evils of Cigaret Smoking, 465460 Art:Art: EdEd MaryonMaryon

President David O. McKay 476 477478 Photo:Photo: HaroldTed CannonM. Lambert

Art: Virginia Sargent

Nibley Photo: HughYour Question: Status of Husbands and Wives Worthy of the Celestial 480481482

Phyllis Art: Luch Warren 484 &

Borge Andersen, Photo: Kingdom, President Joseph Fielding Smith -478 486487Salt Lake Tribune

J M. Heslop,General Conference Addresses.486546 493 toDesejet543 Photos:News

Safeguards against the Delinquency of Youth, 566568569Photos:Art: UnknownDave Burton &

President David O. McKay 486 571, Maurice572 Art: ScanlonWarren & Phyllis Luch

This Church Is Christianity Restored, President Hugh B. Brown 489 577 toVirginia591 Art:SargentDale Kilbourn &

Art: Maryon 592 Ed

Threat of Moral Decay, President N. Eldon Tanner -492

art photos: other All and

The Divine Family, President Joseph Fielding Smith 494 Ralph Reynolds Studio

General Conference Index, 468; The Church Moves On, 468; Melchizedek Priesthood: New

MIA Meetings, 564; Presiding Bishopric's Page: This I Believe, 566.

Special Features

FAIR... 474 WORLD'S T. Shoppe Maxine Conference, Preview of June A

for reservations Information on (concluded), Part 3 the Dust, Voices from while housing Since accommodations Cumorah, New

Fair the World's be may 482 Nibley Hugh contacting obtained;i trending by

Genealogy: Genealogy Family Night, Asta J. Malan 564 ErnestLDS World'sH. Wiemer,Fair Housing Center

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans....547, 548, 554, 562 8569Elmhurst,60thNewDriveYork 11373

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 465; These Times: The Family of Adam, TelephoneReservationsOLmust13540be made early.

G. Homer Durham, 470; Letters and Reports, 472.

The Era of Youth 577 The Last Word - 592 Family and Home Features Flash Cards and Flip Charts, A Spoonful of Sugar, Part 4,

Daryl V. Hoole 484

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Father 568 Home, Sweet Home, FBP - 571 Making Work a Pleasure, MabelRuth Jackson 572

Stories, Poetry To Walk by Faith, Not Sight, Elsie Chamberlain Carroll 480

Poetry - - 491, 495, 502, 541, 562

The Improvement Era Offices, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

Associate L. Green, Editor; O. Richard Managing Josephson, Managing Doyle C,David Marba Albert and L. Zobell,

Editorial Editor;McKay Associates; Higgins, Davis, Pinnock, Becki Marlowe,Editor; Florence Today'sResearch Carter Darold Editor; Family MarionJr., the cover

Editor; Direction; Associate Art Studio. YouthE. Grant,Editor;L. Evans,DonnaElaineEditors; Cannon, Era RalphD. Hanks, Youth ReynoldsB. The Era The of of

G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Hugh Nibley, Sidney B. Sperry. Alma A. Gardiner, Contributing Editors. The peaceful, quiet solitude

Smith, CarlosG.

Director; Thayer Evans,Jr., GeneralAdvertisingManager;Director.Florence S. Jacobsen, Associate General Manager; Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription ofof thethe landsopen inrange,both typicalhemispheresof many

that the Saints call "home."

Saints, of 1965, of Christ Association of Latterday Superintendent, published Men's Jesus Mutual Improvement and Mutual Church by the YoungGeneral The of Davis Photographer Wayne of reserved. of subscripAssociations price, rights in All of Jesus a year, Christ $3.00 Subscription multipleImprovement Latterday Church advance; The Arizona,

tions, years, price. $8.25; 3 year, $5.75; to succeeding each $2.50 three the 2 years, year a year addedSaints. Arizona itan and titlessays Range"St."OpenJohns, Salt Office, the at City,Entered secondclass Post as Lake for act rate of section matter. Utah mailing postage at special provided for in 1103, Acceptance

is its locale. ranch authorized 2,of October 1917, 1918. July

Improvement EraThe a word and must be accompaniedis not responsibleby sufficientfor unsolicitedpostage formanuscriptsdelivery andbutreturn.welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of 2c

Thirty days'notice is required for change of address. When ordering a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Cover lithographed in full color

changes cannot be made unless the old address as well as the new one is included. by Deseret News Press

466 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Something Special for the Miride Jurn*

In the Spring a young man's fancy turns... it's the season of youth

and life... It's temple marriage time! Deseret Book suggests the

following for the Latterday Saint bride:

n. Our Temple \Ywilling 2. Memories oi Our

Book Style 101. TempleStyle 301 W'eddimj

A magnificent new white vinyl covThe luxury model in temple ered loose leaf book for the sacred wedding books! Similar to

memories of the young L.D.S. couple! V %mpte T/VidMnj cate,the abovefull coloronlyfioralwithdesignsdeliDelicately illustrated in sepiatone. Ace- < on every page and with the

tate covered pages for those very pretemple of your choice emcious wedding pictures! Pages include bossedIncludesin additionalsilver on theacetatecover.

"Our Engagement is Announced,"MEMORIES sheets for precious wedding "The Story of Our Romance,""Our photogiaphs! Loose leaf for

Wedding Day,""Honeymoon,""Wedadditionality white vinylpages.cover!High qualding Guests,"and others. Embossed with following

s7.r,o Temples:Falls, Logan,SaltLosLake,Angeles.Idaho

Plus Postage—s I O.OO Mississippi of55c west of Mississippi; 80c east

3 I'tsneled luiormals I2. W I,. World White Itihle I 107 11.

100 informals and 100 envelopes by The King James Version with the words

Williamhouse! Ideal for those important oftationChristleather,in redzipperletters.enclosedHigh quality,cover! Illusimi

expressions of thanks! S 1.2. trated! Concordance! Amber page edging!

My Hub- '8'M* Stt.tHl

4S< west of Mi 65i east of Mississippi 7 World White Itihle J.tti * J.

4 Thanh 1 on \otes I2. W'ISi The King James Version with the words

50 qolr ink You notes ofleatherChristcoverin withred! zipper!High qualityillustrated!imitationConand 50 envelopes. The words "Thank cordance! Amber page edging! S 1.7.1

You"are embossed. S 1.2.*

Itihle 22.1 I White World W 25( 8 Plus Postage

with lovely Bible pages gold edged A HOtVB<StE 5. White If fill Missionary andpage!nonoverlappingRed letter edition!covers.Concordance!Presentation

Itihle S2.U.1

Genuine leather cover and plain 23 -car at

I. I 9 Itihle tiO White World for the edges! gold An ideal gift page

( 4 smaller than volume V2 "the above A is the This L.D.S. bride! Ready References! 7"). Illustrated! x covers Overlapping and

official missionary Bible of the L. D. S. zippers! Amber page edges! Imitation

Church. SIX.OO leather! S.'t.T.'t

DESERET BOOK COMPANY—44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

Enclosed please find check... money order I have an

account, please charge, Amount $ For the above numbered items: 1 23456789 tteseretCOMPANY Book Name:

44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND AT COTTONWOOD MALL Address:

SALT LAKE CITY City: State: Zip:

2472 WASHINGTON BLVD.. OGDEN

777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA Residents of Utah, when ordering through Salt Lake store, please add 3 '/j % sales tax, plus postage.

sales Residents of California, when ordering through California store, please add 4%

ERA 'Junetax,1965 plus postage.

SPEAKERS

Benson, Ezra Taft 537 Brockbank, Bernard P 542 Brown, Hugh B 489 Brown, Victor L 515 Burton, Theodore M 532 Critchlow, William J., Jr 519

502Dunn, Paul H 521 The ChurchDyer, Alvin R

Evans, Richard L 544 525 MarionHanks, D 520 MovesHinckley, Gordon B

Hunter, Howard W 510Isaacson, Thorpe B 539 On

Kimball, Spencer W 512 Lee, Harold B 496 Longden, John 540 McConkie, Bruce R 500 McKay, David O.* 476, 486, 546

Monson, Thomas S. 505

Packer, Boyd K 517 Petersen, Mark E 503 Richards, Franklin D. 530

Richards, LeGrand 535 Romney, Sill, Sterling MarionW G 528524 MARCH 1965

Simpson, Robert L 542 Smith, Eldred G 534.a It was announced that Mrs. LauRene Thompson Buswell of

Fielding 494Smith, Joseph 518 J the North Ogden Fifth Ward, Ben Lomond (Utah) Stake, hadSonne, Alma

Stapley, Delbert L 497 been appointed to the general board of the Primary Association.

Tanner, N. Eldon 492, 527

Taylor, Henry D 509 Elder Frank H. Pitcher sustained as president of Calgary

501Tuttle, A. Theodore

507 (Alberta, Canada) Stake succeeding President Charles UrsenVandenberg, John H.

Young, S. Dilworth 508 bach. Elder Ralph H. Walker retained as first counselor. Elder

Orville W. Metheny sustained as second counselor succeeding Elder

SUBJECTS Howard A. Melchin.

Aaronic Priesthood, Adult 505 489 Elder Thomas S. Monson of the Council of the Twelve wasAtonement

Apostasy 489 appointed chairman of the Adult Committee of the Church 540Baptism 519 Correlation Program, succeeding Elder Marion G. Romney of theBook of Mormon 500, 508,

503Chastity 510 Council of the Twelve.Commandments 497,

Communism 537 517Dating 524 The appointments of Mrs. Charine M. Clement, Mrs. Amy L.Death

Destruction of wicked 528 Engar, Mrs. Lucile F. Hales, Mrs. Jeanne M. Hughes, Mrs.

494Divorce Elijah 532 Aline R. Pettit, and Mrs. Marvel M. Young to the general board of

Eternal Eternal lifemarriage 494, 534524 the Primary Association were announced. Mrs. Clement and Mrs.

Eternal truths 505, 515, 542 540 Young reside in Ogden, Utah, the others in Salt Lake City.Faith

Fall 489 Family 496, 512, 534 APRIL 1965

Fathers 502 Fellowship 509 Forgiveness 505 With President David O. McKay presiding, the 135th annualFreedom 537

Good and evil 507 general conference of the Church convened this morning at 518Gospel 537 eight o'clock in the Salt Lake Tabernacle. KSLTV and approxiGovernment

Home States, television stations in the mately 165 Canada, and UnitedHome Evening 492,496, 530512 all or carried conference. of portions the 521 Radio Uruguay and KSLHonor

Juvenile delinquency 486 501 approximately thirty radio stations did the same. WRUL shortLamanites

542Learning 518 waved the sessions in English, German, Spanish, and Portuguese.Light

Love 515, 527, 539 "Learning and Living the Gospel at Sunday School and in the

Missionary Work 501, 535 542 Home"was the theme of the general conference of the DeseretModeration 492, 496, 497, 503Morality this evening. in the Tabernacle Sunday School Union program The

515Mothers presentation, of Eagles,"a dramatic and "On the Wings 517 featuredObligation to parents 512Parenthood 542 a sermon by Elder Thomas S. Monson of the Council of the Twelve.Peace 528,

Perfection 546 Prayer 534 An early morning church welfare meeting was held in thePriesthood 527, 532, 534

Prophets 539 Assembly Hall.

505, 540, 542Repentance Restoration 489 General conference sessions continued today in the Tabernacle.

530, 535Revelation 532 This evening the priesthood session of conference was held in authoritySealing

Smith, Joseph 530 the Tabernacle. Additional congregations of priesthood bearers

510 CommandmentsTen 520 in the Assembly Hall and in 423 additional buildings from coast 476, 519,Tobacco

Values 544 to coast and in Canada heard this conference session by telephoneWord of Wisdom 476, 520, 521, 524, 525 528 conditions direct wire. PresidentWorld greeted David the assembled men. O. McKay

544Worth there concluded, sounded the Tabernacle he notes from some 525 As 517,Youth organ and spontaneously the priesthood members joined in singing:

messages "President McKay's read by sons "We Thank Thee, O God, for a Prophet."( Continued on page 547 Robert R. McKay.Edward R. and

NOTE: Elder ElRay L. Christiansen, Assistant to the Twelve and Presidents Antoine R.

Ivins and Milton R. Hunter of the First Council

of the Seventy did not address the conference.

468 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WaSSlC B* Ho* ** fteference

L.D.S. Reference Encyclopedia, Volume Two, conLDS tains an abundant alphabetical listing of religious unug subjects particularly for the use of members of the

Saints. of Latterday Church of Jesus Christ Although jBliIWiWiwi

is it is a continuation One, there no overof Volume VOLUME II lapping. Wonderful topics such as doctrine, history,

biography and geography are included. It is a helpful book for teachers and students of the restored

Gospel. sROOK$ L.D.S. REFERENCE ENCYCLOPEDIA, VOL. MBLViN by Melvin R. BrooksII L

-Vwj $3.50

Ootfs Ways are fl 0t Man-s >N1S

Across the sweeping vista of human history, there of tales brutal are powerseeking tortuous and men THE THIRD a race. tried to set master God's plan does up who

but servants."a master race, "master not demand THOUSAND Years, and between The Third Thousand 2,000

like Abraservants"B.C. produced "master 1,000 YEARS Isaac, Jacob, Joseph, Moses, Aaron, Joshua, ham,

Deborah, Gideon, Jephthah, Samson, Ruth, Samuel and Saul. The life and times of all these people are

in this volume. Ideal as a reference for the 1965

Gospel Doctrine class.

THE THIRD THOUSAND YEARS by W. Cleon Skousen

$5.95

Bookcraft 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 OKQ Please send the book (books) as indicated for which I enclose check or money

ORDER FROM order for $ NEAREST YOUR

L.D.S. Reference Travelers'Third to The Guide [J The BOOKCRAFT Vol. II Encyclopedia, Historic Years Thousand America Mormon

DEALER OR FROM:

'* MAIN * *U M

MMR TRAVtVtUU w.(, i ne Travelers'Guide to Historic Mormon

America, gives you helpful tips, illustrations and short cuts on travel to important and historic Church areas in states such as

Utah, Wyoming, Nebraska, Iowa, Missouri, and Illinois.

live in East, or Fair, the If you plan to attend the World's this tohistoric is will treated book, which invaluareas, by geographic prove an mormon america able aid to extended and interesting trips to Ohio, Pennsylvania,

New York, and Vermont.

THE TRAVELERS'GUIDE TO HISTORIC MORMON AMERICA by R. Don Oscarson with Stanley B. Kimball, Ph.D.

- 5*feja. LSapwscgSssMfc

JUNE 1965 469 For over one year now, The Familypeople who don't of Adamsmoke have paid less for new life insurance from us.

How about you?

Does it irritate you to pay as much as a heavy smoker?

Well, from our. point of view k

you're a much better risk.

So we'll give you a THESE TIMES lower rate on new life By Dr. G. Homer Durham

President, Arizona State University, Tempe insurance. (State Mutual

is the'first major company By scriptural account, the first women, and children. It is a rein- in characfamily. Diverse to markable important and most man

status, social ter, appearance, to do this.) We call it our habit the earth The Adam. was

NonSmoker Policy. texts from which the first four education, religion, political perIt's very popular. Call chapters of Genesis (King James suasion, one wonders how Paul's

your agent about it. version) have been produced have hope might be realized: "That in

left doubt as to whether the writer the dispensation of the fulness of

Or send us this coupon. used the name to* be rendered in times he [God] might gather toEnglish as a proper name or as the gether in one all things in Christ,

Hebrew word "the man."By the..."(Eph. 1:10.)

time Genesis 5:1 is reached, it is If that task seemed great in Paul's

clear that the intent was to use day, how complicated it seems tothe word as Adam's name, not day as one contemplates his brothmerely to say, "This is the book of ers and sisters, Adam's family, in the generations of the man."Adam, the world of 1965. The Master's

as the Hebrew word for "man,"has parable of the lost sheep strikes come down to us as the earthly home with peculiar force in reverse name of the first man. order. For to some it may appear

The Prophet Joseph Smith said that instead of one having wanon July 2, 1839 that Adam is also dered and gone astray while the referred to as Michael, as the Anninety-andnine remained in the cient of Days, as "the oldest man, fold, there are ninetynine wanderour Father Adam.""He is the father ers for every lamb in the sheepfold!

of the human family, and presides If this is the circumstance, the task over the spirits of all men, and all of the Good Shepherd and his that have had the keys must stand assistants seems almost insurmountbefore him in this grand council.... able. Do faith and love stand in the

:;-. The Son of Man stands before him, way of such a view? The family of

and there is given him glory and Adam was founded on faith and dominion. Adam delivers up his love.

stewardship to Christ, that which What about the immediate was delivered to him as holding family of Adam? What were some

the keys of the universe, but retains experiences of the first family?

"I his standing as head of the human What does the record suggest? As

STATE MUTUAL OF AMERICA family."( Teachings of the Prophet the modern Church focuses atten440 Lincoln Street Joseph Smith, p. 157.) tion and emphasizes the basic imWorcester, Mass. 01605 The family of Adam has spread portance of home and family, can

Dear Sirs: throughout the continents and seas some sober lessons be learned from

describing folder a Please send me of Ancient the your of are currently the globe. Days? Some

Policy. I understand this does NonSmoker

as all recancient records, to as Chinese, referred Russians, The in way. any not obligate me

Americans; others as Mexicans or ords do, leave much to faith. They

Name Japanese, Catholics, Jews, Negroes, are realistic, containing points that

Address. Protestants, communists, atheists, are discouraging but providing

neutralists, anticommunists, demohigh challenge.

City crats, republicans, rich, poor, men, (Continued on page 552)

State..Zip Code.

470 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hottest Brand Going...

...anywhere!

When it comes to good things for your car, you just can't buy better petroleum products than Conoco... Hottest Brand Going anywhere.

YOU CAN COUNT ON CONOCO... HOTTEST BRAND GOING

C 1964, Continental Oil Company

JUNE 196S 471 Letters and Reports Parents

GOLD MEDALLION

IS SEEN EVERYWHERE

winners spring up Gold Medallion in Texas,—in California, good reading everywhere

Oregon, Washington, Montana, Utah.

Californian Norma Tustison Johnson, workVisalia Fresno Ward, Stake, is now individual builds good lives ing award her ninth on

YWMIA work. She has received thein

Join medallionShe is the bridefor earningof Chris sevenJohnson.awards.

the LDS homeBYUis seniorin Ashland,MarybethOregon,Raynes,earnedwhosethe

Books Club! degreeaward whilein threecompletingyears underher thebachelor'sHonors

Program at BYU and serving as YWMIA

Antonio Stoker, Ward, Georgia San This book of president of a campus ward.

serving while medallion the earned more than two as hundred poems FREE A Georgia* by joining now! Marybeth

A 52.50 value.

Evelyn Ranveig

stake officer in San Antonio Stake I Inc. a Club, Books

(Texas) YWMIA. 400 SALT LAKE LDSP.O. BOX CITY, UTAH 84101

First Gold Medallion winner in Connell (Washington) Ward, Richland

Please send me as my first selection the following checked books for which I enclose a check or money Stake, is Bonnie Stock, who has earned order for $, PLUS my FREE "Inspirational Verse"for joining this month. ten individual awards.

Evelyn Eaton, BYU student, is from

First Messages of Third Thousand Billings (Montana) Ward, of Success Lewistown

Vol. Presidency, I 4.50 Years 5.95 G 3.50Way to was first in her ward Stake. She

this honor. receive high Doctrines of Salvation

Penny Earned First Two interruption could which only The I Vol. 3.50 Vol. II 3.50 3.00 Thousand D 3.95 Years of Liberty Nilsen (Renee) keep Ranveig VolHI 3.50

Stake Third Ward in Salt Lake City from

Enroll me as a member and send me the monthly reviews. I hereby agree to purchase a minimum of earning an individual award was a good

4 Books Club selections or alternates during the next 12 months at the regular advertised price. I may one—a mission call to Norway, the land

resign at any time after buying four books. For each 4 books I accept, I will receive a valuable bonus of her parents. Ranveig received the

book free—a savings of 20%. medallion and was working on her tenth

NAME awardHer parents,when sheMr.departedand Mrs.forHansher mission.Nilsen,

ADDRESS are also serving in the Norwegian

CITY STATE ZIP Mission.

(Good only in the U.S. and Canada) (Offer expires July 30, 1965)L

472 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA R.M.S. Queen Elizabeth, 83,673 tons, stabilizer equipped.

ROADSHOWS GO TO THE FAIR Is British service the reason to

For the past two years, several wards in

Maricopa Stake, Mesa, Arizona, have part of the colorbeen entertainment and sail on a giant Cunard Queen? Fair. at the State Arizona in neighHeld

boring Phoenix, the fair is one of the largest in the nation.

In 1963 two wards, the 4th and 20th, at invitation of the Fair Commission, presented their roadshows as part of a continuous entertainment program consisting of both professional and amateur artists. Audiences so enjoyed the two productions that four wards were asked to

present their shows during the 1964 season: the 4th, 20th, 16th, and Lehi

wards.

Stake YMMIA Superintendent Maurice

B. Bateman described the shows as "a

fine missionary tool"because they gave "nonmembers of the Church insight into the opportunities for development available to youth within the Church."

FOLK MUSIC IS MISSIONARY METHOD IN SOUTH AMERICA Well, it's one.

Their musical instruments helped five

Mormon missionaries win friends for the

Church in Uruguay recently when they took part in the Festival First Folklore of British service, acres of space, gourmet cuisine, a long relaxing Uruguay. missionaries, The young who call themselves the Mormon Quintet, perweekend—that's the only way to go to Europe. And only Cunard

nightsformed in two of the outdoor prooffers all of this.gram, which attended was thousands by

of people. They received the Jose Artigas

Award for Brotherhood, presented by New York: A Cunard thia, Carmania and Franconia, sailHoracio Guarani, folk a top singer in fFROMQueen sails every Wednesday ing from Montreal and Quebec toUruguay and Argentina. In return, the

elders presented Seiior Guarani with a. direct to France and then to Irish, Scottish, English, French and

of thecopy Book of Mormon, which he England. You can also sail to Ireland Dutch ports.accepted typical with South American

flourish. and England on Cunard's Sylvania. Cunard Cruises: World's widest

musical missionaries are The James From Canada: Take advantage of ranging cruise program, with sailAllen, accordion; guitar; Bobert Bush,

Steve Dana, saxophone; David Black, low rates aboard Cunard's Carinings the year round.

trombone; and Carl Pyper, drums.

For details about Cunard sailings, see your travel agent or

Cunard Line, 210 Post Street, San Francisco 8, California (Tel: EX 2-1307).

JUNE 1965 473 ANY DAILY EXPERIENCE* A **6au BECOME A Preview Springboard of to discovery June By Mary Lou Lacy Conference Discarded clothes, a child asking how God hooks feet onto legs, BY MAX1NE T. SHOPPE

the natural grain of fine wood hidden beneath cracked paint—

these and other everyday things A time of meeting, a time of banquet, University of Utah Stucan be springboards to the disgreeting, a time of learning, a time dent Union Building (advance resof really covery giving what is. of enjoyment and relaxation. That's ervations $3); the YW Camp Day

personally, and Lacy Mrs. Warmly

discusses the need for total comthe 66th Annual MIA June Conat Tracy Wigwam, Millcreek Canmitment in even the smallest ference of the Church. It will be yon (advance transportation fee

details of life. $2.00 held in Salt Lake City, June 17 85c and lunch reservations $1 ). The

(preconference events), 18, 19, and Improvement Era Citation Award

Also by Mrs. Lacy 20, for all stake, ward, and mission Dinner will be held at 5:30 pm,

19, University of Utah Stu- A WOMAN WANTS GOD MIA workers, with a special inviJune

Writing with humor and undertation issued to stake presidencies, dent Union Building (advance resstanding, Mrs. Lacy extends an high councilmen in charge of MIA, ervations $2.50).

invitation to seek God and to find and bishoprics. There will be New this year is the MIA Idea

him in the inner world of the special events (dance and speech Display at the Hotel Utah Motor heart. $2.00

festivals and roadshows) to which Lodge open all day June 18 and 19.

AND GOD WANTS PEOPLE the public is invited. 2. Inspiration and instruction

Using vivid examples, Mrs. Lacy The schedule looks awesome, but will be given in individual departshows how our love for God in reality it is wrapped in a big box ment sessions all day Saturday,

means reaching out to all people. of three surprise packages: June 19. Complete schedules and

$2.00 1. Social entertainment Friday subjects to be covered have been

and Saturday, June 18 and 19, comsent to all wards, stakes, and missions. the biennial dance festival prising T3 of To- "Rainbow extravaganza, 3. General Sessions June 18 and

morrow,"in the University of Utah 20, Friday and Sunday, will be

Stadium at 8:30 pm. The speech addressed by General Authorities.

By B. Lewis festival, "Lift Up Thy Voice,"in Elder Spencer W. Kimball, Elder

WALKS OF JESUS the Salt Lake Tabernacle, 8:15 pm. LeGrand Richards, and Elder

The footsteps of Jesus are so Roadshows in Kingsbury Hall and Thomas S. Monson, will speak Frivividly traced that readers find Pioneer Memorial Theater at Uniday morning, following a reception

their themselves walking own at 7:30 versity am. of Utah, pm. Temple Square on 5:30 and 8:30 A

daily a paths with of sense new of Explorers'of the "Explorado,"1965 presentation - 1966 west his companionship an and added awareness of his relevance to fieldhouse, University of Utah, 4 theme will be made at 9:30 am.

living. modern This book conto 8 pm. At 1:30 pm the parent and youth

to tinues be a source of inspiration to thousands. $2.00 Admission to these events is free, program "SMC"will have its debut.

except to the roadshows which is Concluding the conference will be

From the publishers of the 50c per person. the services conducted Sunday by

LAYMAN'S BIBLE COMMENTARY Added attractions will be these prethe First Presidency, following the conference events on June 17: the 8:30 am Tabernacle Choir broadask your bookseller or write Master M ManGolden Gleaner cast from Temple Square.

JOHN KNOX PRESS Richmond, Virginia 23209

474 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Announcing the new Gilera Trail Bike

TOWN & COUNTRY

Europe's favorite motorcycle, Gilera, presents a new model Special design trail handle bars with heavyduty, adjustspecifically designed and engineered for the American able control levers.

sportsman... the Town & Country 98. 98cc of rugged, mountainclimbing power—50mm bore,

These exclusive features make the new Town & Country 50mm stroke... 10 hp approx.

the best trail buy ever: 207 lbs. dry weight, 4'1"wheel base, 3'height, 7"ground

Wide Ratio Gear Box... allows maximum climbing power clearance.

in 1st and 2nd but gives you highend performance in 3rd Tires: 2.75 x 17 universal front, 3.00 x 17 trail knobby

and 4th with a top speed of 55 m.p.h. without changing rear.

sprockets.

Upswept exhaust for total road clearance with a safety It's just one of ten quick dependable Gilera Sport Cycles with heat shield to protect the rider's leg. the "bigbike"look. Available from 98cc to 300cc.

Trail type front fender with adjustable wheel clearance. Try the Gilera today at your local Gilera dealer.

Heavyduty chromeplated camper rack. *Turk Evans, yearround sportsman and recognized businessFull-length engine skid plate. man, is shown here riding the new speciallyequipped Gilera

trail bike.

GILERA USA 750 Long Beach Blvd., Long Beach, Calif., Phone: HE 5-3485

We're not looking for a lot of dealers... just a few who want to make a lot of money.

If interested, write or telephone J. P. Roche, Executive VicePresident, Gilera/USA.

JUNE 1965 475 The Evils of Cigaret Smoking

Because of the importance of PresiSmith, is found in the following stateto see beautiful young women depicted dent McKay's priesthood meeting ment, "In consequence of evils and deon billboards and in magazine adveraddress, and with his permission, signshearts whichof conspiringdo and willmen existin thein lastthe tisementsmost insidioussmokingof allcigarets;are theandcigaretnow

we present it as his Editors Page days, I have warned you, and foreadvertisements which come into our this month. warned you, by giving unto you this homes by way of television and are word of wisdom by revelation—"(D&C viewed by our boys and girls, showing

89:4.) "... evils and designs which do young men and young women smoking

exist and will R. McKay Edward by Read

ing men President..."—thein the heartspurportof conspirof that in Dothe thesemost conspiringenticing scenesmen possible.have evil of McKay a son

statement impressed me way back in designs upon our youth? Keep your eyes

the twenties and thirties of this cenand ears open to observe if they are not

My dear brethren in the priesthood: tury. taking the same steps now to get our

What is the end and purpose of re- I ask you to recall the methods emboys interested as they did to entice ligion, "swaying the lives of men the ployed by certain tobacco interests to women to use that vile weed.

centuries through"? The members of induce women to smoke cigarets. You Our youth should be taught the hazThe Church of Jesus Christ of Latterremember how insidiously they ards of cigaret smoking to health. They

day Saints answer in the words of the launched, their plan: first, by saying* should be taught that doctors and scienLord revealed through the Prophet that smoking would reduce weight. tists now have established a direct tie

Joseph Smith that the end and purpose Their slogan was: "Take a cigaret into cancer and cigaret smoking.

of true religion, which is the work of stead of a sweet."Later, some of us Emerson Foote, chairman of the NaGod, is "... to bring to pass the imnoticed in the theatre that they would tional Interagency Council on Smoking

mortality and eternal life of man."have a young woman light the gentleand Health, has testified that "'it has

(Moses 1:39.) man's cigaret. Following this a woman's been concluded by responsible scienAnd what is the crowning glory of hand would be shown on billboards tific authorities'that cigarette smoking

man in this earth so far as his indilighting or taking a cigaret. A year or is responsible for at least 125,000 and

through to developed country. on the enough show the woman vidualcharacter—characterachievement is concerned? It is two passed, and soon they were brazen possibly 300,000 deaths a year in this

as reof life the obedience to the laws the billboard screen or smoking on "'But death is not the only vealedthrough Jesus Christ, who came cigaret. thing.... It is beyond doubt that

that we might have life and have it I have a newspaper clipping which there are millions of people who suffer more abundantly. I set aside in 1931 which corroborates varying degrees of disability brought

Man's chief concern in life should this idea. It reads: "It is wellknown on by cigarette smokine.'"(Washingnot be the acquiring of gold or of fame that the cigarette manufacturers are ton [Associated Press], Deseret News,

or of material possessions. It should now after the young women and girls. March 23, 1965, p. A7.)

not be the development of physical They say there are twentyfive million Somewhere between sixty and eighty prowess, nor of intellectual strength, of these in the United States, and if percent of boys and men and a somebut his aim, the highest in life, should they can popularize smoking among what lesser number of girls and women be the development of a Christlike them, they will be able to increase are already habituated to cigarets or character. their sales from three billions, six they are confirmed addicts.

One of the most significant statehundred million dollars annually, to The high death rates from cigaret ments in the Word of Wisdom, one six billion dollars. This is their claim smoking have created a demand from

which carries with it evidence of the and their aim."many interested groups for positive

inspiration of the Prophet Joseph Now, as you all know, it is common action that will lessen the dangers to

476 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE EDITOR'S PAGE BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

health. The Royal College of Physiwere given by divine revelation the youth. Boys want to look upon you as

cians of Great Britain, the American Word of Wisdom, in which they were men. Their ideals incorporate in your

Cancer Society, and the United States advised to refrain from the use of tolife all the Christlike attributes, as

Public Health Service have led the way bacco in any form. They were promised nearly as you can develop them, which

in creating public reaction against better health as a result. This was Christ had when the Roman governor

smoking. The Cancer Society has supstrange as no one knew of any danger pointed to him saying, "Behold the

ported research generously and has from smoking at that time. Most of the man!"(John 19:5.) Remember, even

kept the public and the medical promembers accepted and applied the inthough you have the habit, overcoming fession informed on the problems constructions given. it will make you stronger.

nected with smoking. The Surgeon The demonstration presented today

General of the Public Health Service by more than two million people of "It is easy enough to be virtuous has used his official and moral inthe Church should be impressive to When nothing tempts you to stray, fluence in emphasizing the dangers any skeptic. Hundreds of thousands When without or within no voice of sin

involved in smoking. of teenage youths have never smoked. Is luring your soul away.

These agencies, as well as the great They know that smoking is a destrucBut it is only a negative virtue body of research scientists, have comtive habit that mars the human body Until it is tried by fire, piled the evidence and stated the facts as well as the mind. And the soul that is worth the honor of

so clearly that every reasonable mind is Our homes should establish the fact earth fully aware of the danger entailed from that the boy who indulges in cigarets Is the soul that resists desire."

smoking. is not contributing to his advancement (Adapted from Ella Wheeler Wilcox,

Notwithstanding the admission of and growth in the Church and king- "Worth While.")

danger from smoking, the advertising dom of God; neither is he preparing

of cigarets by the tobacco companies himself for his responsible place in To our boys I would say that if they has been stepped up to an alltime peak. society. The word of God to the Prophet want to live physically; if they want

Yet there is never a hint that smokJoseph Smith is that tobacco is not good to be men strong in body, vigorous in ing is already a major threat to life. for man. The statement is not qualimind; if they want to be good in sports,

Instead, the advertising constantly fied in any way. Scientists have demonenter the basketball game, enter the

emphasizes the mildness of the cigaret strated it; men who have tried to football game, enter the contest in

and its pleasurable qualities. This cigadisprove it have failed; and we as a running and jumping; if they want to

ret advertising is promoted with such people stand committed to that combe good Scouts; if they want to be

reckless abandon, in spite of what remand from God. Keep the habit of good citizens, in business, anywhere,

search has already proved regarding smoking and the use of tobacco in any avoid tobacco and live strictly the the dangers from smoking, that the form out of the lives of our boys. Rereligious life.

most charitable conclusion to be drawn sistance of the appetite will react upon May God help us as men of the is that the promoters have no regard the character and strengthen it, and priesthood, as fathers, to reach our whatever for the value of human life. just because a man has developed the boys and young men and impress upon

It seems that success for the tobacco habit is no justification for his conthem this great lesson, this divine industry is more important than the tinuing it. Just because some man may truth, that to be carnally minded is to

avoiding of suffering and of death. think he is immune from the ill effects be miserable, unhappy, but to be

One hundred thirtytwo years ago a of tobacco is no justification for its spiritually minded, which means to twentyseven-yearold youth told the use in the priesthood of God. obey the principles of the gospel in

world that tobacco was harmful for the Fathers and members of the priestall that it means, is to have life, life human body. Members of The Church hood have the obligation of setting an eternal and peace, I humbly pray in

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints example worthy of imitation to the the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

JUNE 196S 477 STATUS OF HUSBANDS AND WIVES WORTHY OF THE CELESTIAL KINGDOM

YOUR

QUESTIONANSWERED BY JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

question: "In the Journal of

Discourses, volume 10, page 24,

President Brigham Young states that those who attain the first or celestial resurrection will be pure and holy and perfect in body.

Every man and woman who reaches this unspeakable attainment will be beautiful as the angels who surround the throne of God.

The wife will not be dissatisfied with her husband or the husband with the wife. If one is sealed to a

spouse who does not merit this exaltation, what happens? Will the

one who is unworthy have to accept a lesser glory, or is the sealing annulled?"

ANSWER: Naturally, a person who is unworthy of a send messengers from his presence to restore, as our

place in the celestial kingdom will not receive the scriptures say, the fulness of the plan of salvation.

blessings pertaining to that kingdom. All blessings It has been taught by some that as we lay our

are based on worthiness of the individual. We are bodies down, they will rise again in the resurrection

taught that it is he who endures to the end that is with all the impediments and imperfections that they saved. Naturally, the Lord will judge each individual had here, and that if a wife does not love her husband

according to opportunities to know and obey his in this state, she cannot love him in the next. This

commandments. Thousands of those who died withis not so. If a man is worth of the celestial glory,

out the knowledge of the gospel and therefore failed he will be on the way to eternal perfection, and he to keep the commandments and covenants of the gosis designed to become as perfect and holy as are the pel while in mortality will enter the celestial kingdom. angels in heaven.

It is for this class of people that we do temple work If men or women who are married by the eternal and thus perform vicariously the ordinances of the covenant should violate that covenant, they will, of gospel according to the revelation given to the course, have to pay the price, which is a dreadful

Prophet Joseph Smith. one, for according to the word of the Lord, they will

Common sense teaches us that the justice of our be turned over to the buffetings of Satan until the

Eternal Father would cause that provision would be day of their redemption, if they do not lose the made for those who lived on this earth through the exaltation itself.

many years when the fulness of the gospel was not Marriage for time and all eternity is the privilege among men, and they were left to walk in spiritual of all faithful members of the Church. Moreover,

darkness. In the heavens when the plan of salvation this blessing seals upon them the continuation of their

was prepared, provision was made to meet every lives forever, and they will not be denied posterity vicissitude and condition that would exist among in the celestial kingdom of God. The Lord never

mortals upon the earth. The gospel of salvation would intended that marriage was to be for "time"only.

certainly not be complete if some measures had not There was no death when Adam and Eve were sealed been provided to meet the conditions which would by the Lord. It was a union that was to endure

prevail in mortality. The gospel of salvation is as forever. Death came upon them later by the "transbroad as eternity. It was perfectly understood before gression"of a law, but this did not break their eternal

the foundation of the earth was laid that there would covenant. Moreover, we all owe a debt of gratitude

be conditions arising in the mortal condition wherein to Mother Eve for partaking of the "forbidden fruit."

many of the children of our Eternal Father would It was not a sin, as many Bible commentators would dwell on the earth when there would be no opporhave you believe, but an eternal blessing which caused tunity for mankind to partake of the blessings of the Eve to rejoice and thank the Lord; and in her joy

gospel and receive the ordinances essential to their she praised the Lord and said:

eternal existence in the kingdom of God. It is a well- "Were it not for our transgression we never should

known fact to all Latterday Saints, at least, that such have had seed, and never should have known good a period really, did exist. For hundreds of years the and evil, and the joy of our redemption, and the

world was in spiritual darkness, and it became neceseternal life which God giveth unto all the obedient."

sary for the Lord to open the heavens again and (Moses 5:11.)

JUNE I96S 479

complicated schedule as an excuse for his neglect of church affiliation. She'knew well when

his changed attitude began. It was when he

started his courses and laboratory work with an eminent Dr. Shroeder, whom, it seemed to her,

he had come to idolize. "He's so brilliant!""He's

absolutely marvelous!""He's opened a new world

to me."Such phrases in Paul's letters, she felt

intuitively, were related to his religious laxity.

She had received this last letter only yesterday, telling of his few free days before beginning some important work the doctor had arranged for him, his sudden decision to rush home, and his assumption that they would be married at once. Never a word about recommends and the

temple. "Hello,"she said weakly into the mouthpiece.

"Hi, Darling. I just called to make sure you

are home. I'll be right over."

At the sound of his voice her doubts and fears vanished. Only love possessed her. She called

excitedly, "Mother, he's here! Paul's home!"

Mrs. Mansfield left her desk and came to the

BY ELSIE door. Her eyes were shadowed with worry as she

CHAMBERLAIN CARROLL looked at Martha.

The telephone rang. Martha's "I hope, dear, that you'll find your concern

about his thinking is—"

hand shook as she removed the "He sounded wonderful. Maybe I've just

receiver. She'd been expecting the imagined the change in him."

How earnestly Martha hoped that to be true.

call for hours, yet she was not Her hope took the form of a little prayer softly ready for it. Paul's letter had said, whispered as she went to the living room to

wait at the window for his coming.

"I'll call you as soon as I get there. Within a few moments she was in Paul's arms.

. >,. You know what I'm going to ask. The world became heaven, and for a little time

q nothing existed but the perfect joy of reunion.

Be ready to say yes, Honey!"When Martha's mother came to greet Paul, he

He was going to ask her to marry him before hugged and kissed her with such frank and genuhe went back to Chicago for his last year at ine affection that she, too, felt that he was the

Rush Medical College. That was what they had same fine boy she had watched grow up with

indefinitely planned. Martha.

All their plans had worked out even better "May I borrow this little girl for the rest of than they had dared hope—that was, financially. the day?"He turned to Martha.

But to Martha a problem more serious than "Where shall we go for a ride? I've only got

financial worries had arisen. Paul was losing three days home, and we have a lot of talking

his faith. His religion had come to mean less and and planning to do."

less to him as his studies had progressed. "Only three days?"she exclaimed. "Why we

Though he had never really said anything couldn't possibly—"

against the Church, he mentioned it less often He interrupted her. "Let's go up the canyon.

and used the demands of his studies and his We can stop for (Continued on page 556)

PART THREE: SECRECY IN THE SINCE PRIMITIVE CHURCH (CONCLUDED) NEW VOICES

The Secret Tradition. Recently can deny that something vital and of the baptismal rite? Where do

two Catholic scholars in separate important was lost with the passing you find such tokens as the sign studies have pointed out that howof the Apostles? Along with that of the cross? "Do not all these

ever much knowledge and wisdom we must consider the idea of the things come from the unpublitheir church may have acquired disciplina arcana, the existence in cized and unutterable (secret) through the centuries, the fact rethe church of an unwritten traditeaching which our fathers premains that the Apostles, who were tion handed down from the time served for us in silence?"86 Why in

nearer to the Lord in every way of the Apostles. 85 Certain Fathers silence? Why unwritten? To keep

than any other men could ever be, of the Church laid great stress on them from falling into the hands of possessed a knowledge of Christ this, especially St. Basil. Where in the unworthy by assuring the strictand his teachings which was necesthe scriptures, he asks, do you find est secrecy of transmission. 87 As late

sarily unique and unequalled in the prayer on the Sacrament? as the fourth century, Athanasius

following ages. 84 If that is so, who Where do you find a description warns, "One must not recite the

BY HUGH NIBLEY, PH.D.CUMORAHFROM THE DUST PROFESSOR OF HISTORY AND RELIGION, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

mysteries to the uninitiated, lest outpossession of such knowledge, and "arcane discipline"in the Church siders who do not understand them indeed there is no objection whatwhile insisting at the same time make fun of them while they perever to admitting the existence of that the Lord commanded that plex and scandalize investigators."88 secret, unwritten teachings going nothing be held back from the

Basil calls this "the secret tradiback to the Apostles, provided only public, it has been found convention"and insists that the written and that we credit the Church with posient to argue that there was indeed the unwritten traditions must go tosessing them—as long as they are a secret teaching but that it was

gether and be treated with equal the property of the churchmen, the first introduced into the Church by respect since the one cannot be churchmen are willing to admit the catechetical schools of the third understood without the other. 89 their existence. The only trouble century. 92 If, however, we consult

Noted theologians through the cenhere is that when those who claim the men responsible for introducturies have not been averse to abetthese treasures are asked to proing it into these schools, we learn ting their prestige by claiming the duce them, they can only do as the from them they were not inventing ancient Gnostics did under like the thing at all, but consciously and circumstances: Instead of produccarefully following what they being the genuine old Christian or lieved to be the old apostolic secret

Jewish teachings, they simply fob teaching that went back to the off on the public the philosophy of beginning of the Church. Clement

the schools dressed up in a little of Alexandria explains that in conreverential jargon. Basilides, for cealing certain things from the

example, claimed that he had been general public, he is merely followsecretly instructed by the Apostle ing the practice and instruction of

Matthew in things which that disthe Apostles themselves. 93 And inciple in turn had received in confideed, there is no shortage of exdence from the Savior, but when he amples of secrecy in the Church

tried to produce some of this marbefore the third century. The vast

velous teaching, all he could come majority of examples, in fact, come up with was the borrowed Catefrom the earlier period. We have

gories of Aristotle. 90 Just so, the quoted a number of them above. 94

schoolmen of the Middle Ages To the argument that the Lord thought they were delving to the enjoined secrecy upon the Apostles heart of the Christian mystery when only until the resurrection should they were expounding scholastic have taken place, we have the reply philosophy. 91 They admitted the of the scriptures and of the large

existence of the mystery, and they "fortyday"apocryphal literature, diligently sought for it, but they i.e., the earliest of all Christian

never came anywhere near it. literature, that the emphasis on

To explain the existence of an secrecy after the resurrection was if anything even greater than before. 95

No one has ever denied that of King Herod's The mound the basic rites and ordinances of the

It's been palace Qumran. north of

suggested that the proximity of early Church—baptism and the

their to palace the community was Lord's Supper—were originally

the people reason one of Qumran moved away. (Continued on page 574)

A Chinese sage once said: "One seeing is worth ten

A hearings."This truth, which has been said in many

ways in many languages, cannot be overemphasized

SPOONFUL in good teaching. Certainly a vital part of our Family

is appropriate, effective visual OF Home Evening lessons material.

SUGAR Not only can visual materials help a lesson be

BY DARYL V. HOOLE learned, but they aid in communicating the information accurately and correctly, thus eliminating false

impressions and misunderstandings. Unless we are

PART 4 very careful, children sometimes do misunderstand things. Recently a little boy prayed: "Please bless

the gospel and his two counselors."

Variety is the spice of life—and of good teaching.

There are numerous types of effective visual materials, some of which will be discussed subsequently. This FLASH CARDS article has to do with flash cards and flip charts. Flash

cards and flip charts are easy to make and easy to use. Their simplicity offers another advantage, too:

even very young children can teach with them, which means they are learning what the lessons are all about. Our little children love to play Sunday School

or Primary with each other or with their dolls, and FLIP CHARTS it's a thrill to us as parents to watch them teach with flash cards or flip charts. Older children, too, appreciate their conciseness and gain from the lasting mental

image they create.

Repetition is the key to learning, understanding, and conversion. Lessons on gospel principles and

values should be repeated several times a year as children grow older. It's fun and easy to review and

repeat with flash cards and flip charts. In short,

flash cards and flip charts can be just "the spoonful of sugar"you need to "help the medicine go down."

One seeing is worth ten hearings Flash cards are loose cards or sheets of paper which have been illustrated. Flip charts are just flash cards

bound together with rings of some sort. You can make

either from original drawings—they needn't be professional—or from magazine picture cutouts. Picture series

depicting various phases of the gospel or readymade flash cards or flip charts can be purchased through church book stores.

Subjects may range from manners to missionary work to church history—anything which may help

your children better understand values and principles of the gospel. Following are several sample

flash card lessons* to help you get started:

* ( Used by permission of the publisher, Deseret Book Company, and the author of the book, The Art of Teaching Children. See pages 169175

for illustrations. Copyright and not to be reproduced in any form.)

484 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

BAPTISM something very special in your honor. (Perhaps an

Flash card or flip chart lesson to help young children outstanding event could be dinner in a restaurant with prepare for baptism: the parents and children.) Then after you are conBefore you can be baptized, you must know about firmed in fast meeting, we want to have a family

the gospel. Your parents and your Sunday School and dinner for you. We will invite Grandmother and

Primary teachers have been teaching you. Grandfather (and perhaps others, too) and you may

You must be eight years old. Our Heavenly Father select your very favorite foods which Mother will

tells us that when a child is eight years old, he is prepare and serve. We will have a wonderful time

old enough to know right from wrong and can be held together and make it a memorable occasion for you.

responsible or accountable for all that he does. That evening, as you kneel by your bed to pray, you

You must be worthy. Before you can be baptized will have a very special blessing for which to thank

and become a member of the kingdom of God, you your Father in heaven. You will want him to know

must live your very best every day and keep the how grateful you are to be a member of his Church commandments of Heavenly Father. now. You will ask him to help you to be a good

You will plan for your baptism with us. Mother and member always.

Daddy will talk to you about where and when you are PRIESTHOOD baptized and what you need to do to be ready. Flash card lesson to help young boys prepare to hold

The bishop of our ward will visit with you about the priesthood and to help them honor it after they baptism. He will ask you several questions about the have received it:

gospel and set the date for your baptism. The priesthood is the authority to act in the name of

When the time comes, we will go to the place where God.

you are to be baptized. "... no man taketh this honour unto himself, but

You will go to a special dressing room and put on he that is called of God, as was Aaron."(Heb. 5:4.)

white clothing, which is a sign of cleanliness and The priesthood was lost from the earth.

purity. The priesthood was restored to the earth.

After you are dressed in your white clothing and Worthy male members of the Church may receive just before you are baptized, a short meeting will be the priesthood. You (to a boy) may receive the

held for all of those who are going to be baptized. A priesthood.

member of the Church will give a talk about the wonYou must be at least twelve years of age. You must

derful thing which is to take place—your baptism. be a member of the Church in good standing. You

Then when your name is called, you will go into the must be interviewed by the bishop.

water. Daddy (or someone else who holds the priestYou must be sustained by the ward membership.

hood) will help you and show you how to place your You then report to a priesthood quorum where you hands so no water will go up your nose. Then you will are ordained to the Aaronic Priesthood and the office

be immersed (completely covered) in the water for of deacon. Later you may be given the office of

just a moment. teacher and then of priest.

After you come up out of the water, you will return The duties of a deacon are to pass the Sacrament, to the dressing room and put on your own clothing. collect fast offerings, and assist the bishop in whatever

Later, several men holding the priesthood (such as way he can.

your father, the bishop, and his counselors) will lay The teachers are the watchmen of the Church. They

their hands upon your head and confirm you a member are to visit the homes of the members once a month, of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints inquire into the needs of the people, and teach them and say to you, "Receive the Holy Ghost."the will of God. They are to be ushers or doorkeepers,

When you are baptized and are a member of the care for meetinghouses, act as messengers for the

Church, you will want to stand up during testimony bishop, and assist the deacons.

meeting once in a while and bear your testimony as Priests have the authority to administer the Sacrayou have done in our family for special family hours. ment and to baptize.

Perhaps you could bear your testimony on the very Your general responsibilities as a bearer of the day that you are confirmed a member of the Church. priesthood are: to live the commandments of Heavenly

After your baptism, Mother and Daddy want to do Father, to attend church ( Continued on page 548

JUNE 1965 485 Safeguards against the 135th Annual General

Delinquency of "I charge thee,..."wrote Paul to and prophecy that I approach the subYouth Timothy,Jesus Christ,"before... God, and the Lord jectof youth.of safeguardsIn namingagainstthese delinquencysafeguards I

"Preach the word; be instant in seahave nothing new to offer. You have

son, out of season; reprove, rebuke, heard them mentioned frequently, but

exhort with all longsuffering...."I think, as with the gospel principles,

President David 0. McKay (2 Tim. 4:1-2.) it is fitting that we be active in season

letter In the prophetically of same he season, reprove, and out rethat we hisRead by at the Robert son opening "... declared in the that exhort, all buke, last days longwith admonishsession the 135th general conference, of

perilous shall times as suffering come. rising contemplate the weApril 4, 1965.

"For men shall be lovers of their crime wave and bring home to each

My brethren and sisters and friends of own selves,... of us, if possible, the realization that

the television and radio audience, as I "... lovers of pleasures more than greater diligence is needed.

approach this solemn duty, I sense lovers of God; Few will question the fact that we

fully the need of your united support "Having a form of godliness, but deare living in perilous times, that many and particularly the sustaining and nying the power thereof:..."(Ibid., people have lost their moorings and

guiding influence of the Spirit of the 3:1-2, 4-5.) are being "... tossed to and fro,...

Lord. It is in the spirit of Paul's charge with every wind of doctrine, by the

486 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Conference, April 1965

sleight of men, and cunning craftiness, marriages is separated by the ever Further delay in seeking solutions can whereby they lie in wait to deceive;"grinding divorce mill. bring disaster. That time has come for

(Eph. 4:14.) But it is the ever increasing crime the United States.

Among the glaring evils of our day wave to which I desire to call atten- "The moment has arrived when we are two which seem to be most detrition this morning. Children are being must face realistically the startling fact

mental and which must be curbed if corrupted by it; youth are caught in its that since 1958 crime in this country

we would preserve true Christian whirlpool and are being contaminated has increased five times faster than ideals. These are: first, an increasing overwhelmingly by it. our population growth! Serious crimes

tendency to dishonor the marriage J. Edgar Hoover, Director of the—murder, forcible rape, robbery, burvow; and second, the mounting juveFederal Bureau of Investigation, who glary, aggravated assault, automobile

nile delinquency. Careful study disis probably our nation's leading theft—have mounted steadily since the

closes a close relationship between authority on crime, made the followend of World War II. In 1951, these

these two unwholesome social coning alarming report at a dinner held crimes for the first time topped the ditions. in his honor in Chicago, Illinois, on onemillion mark, and more than two

As evidence of the first, we need only November 24, 1964: and onequarter million serious crimes

to glance at the number of divorces in "To every man and every nation were reported during 1963.

the country at large. Recent statistics there comes a time when decisions "Even more ominous is the fact that

disclose that one out of every four must be made about grave problems. this terrifying spiral in crime has come

JUNE 1965 487 about through a growing wave of for the causes of this upswing in crime, structed every edifice for education or youthful criminality across the Nation. and, if possible, remove them and training or hospitalization or play, yet

Last year for the fifteenth consecutive apply the proper remedies. all these things are but a tithe of the

year, crimes involving our young people One important cause of the increase physical, moral, and spiritual gifts increased over the previous year. For all in child delinquency is a letdown in which motherhood gives and home

serious crimes committed in the Unithome ideals. A growing desire for ecoconfers. None of these things carry

ed States in 1963, youthful offenders nomic independence or a too eager that affection, that devotion of soul, were responsible for 72 percent of the willingness to improve financial cirwhich is the great endowment from total arrests for these crimes! The cost cumstances has influenced too many mothers."

of our crime has now reached the stagof our mothers to neglect the greatest And the father should so live that gering sum of twentyseven billion of all responsibilities—the rearing of the child, emulating his example, will

dollars a year! a family. Director Hoover makes the be a good citizen and, in the Church, a

"What a grim and unhappy comdefinite statement that "in the backtrue Latterday Saint.

mentary on the moral climate of this ground of these youth offenders lies A child has a right to feel that in his great Nation! The moral strength of the story of shocking neglect. Boys and home he has a place of refuge, a place

our Nation has decreased alarmingly. girls are being deprived of the care of protection from the dangers and evils

We must return to the teachings of and guidance necessary to the proper of the outside world. Family unity and

God if we are to cure this sickness. foundation of their characters. Their integrity are necessary to supply this

These shocking statistics, together with lawlessness had its roots in every inneed.

the public's apparent indifference to stance in broken homes where mothers The home is the best place in the them, are indicative of the false morand fathers, because of their neglect, world to teach the highest ideal in the ality we are tolerating today. It is a misunderstanding, or irresponsibility social and political life of man,

false code which is based on the worhad failed in their primary obligations. namely, perfect liberty of action so long

ship of things of man's own creation. More often than not, God was unas he does not trespass upon the rights

It is as imperfect and feeble as man known, or, more important, was unand privileges of another.

himself! However captivating to the welcome in their homes. The great need of the American

senses, this type of moral climate can- "On the other hand, in nearly every home today is more religion. Parents

not give the support nor the strength instance the youthful offender would should make it obvious both by their which is so vital to our national surhave been a strong, upright citizen had actions and their conversation that vival. This breakdown in our moral he been given a chance. If his pentup they are seriously interested in the

standards can only render us impotent energies and desires had been directed fruits of true religion. Example of

as a people and as a Nation."along wholesome channels; if his probparents should emphasize the need of

In calling attention to these condilems—the problems that made him a honesty in our dealings with our

tions, I would not have you think that problem child—had been solved by family, our neighbors, and all with

our young people generally do not patient and attentive parents, he would whom we come in contact: of kindness

merit our confidence. It is the few, not have proved to be an influence for good to our employees, of fair play to our

the many, of whom we now speak. in his community."employers, of good measure to our

When, a few years ago, a little fourYou may think me extreme, but I am customers.

yearold lad wandered into the Badgoing to say that a married woman The Lord places the responsibility lands of North Dakota, the whole who refuses to assume the responsibilidirectly where it belongs, wherein he countryside was aroused and organized ties of motherhood, or who, having says that it is the duty of parents to for the rescue. They gave no thought, children, neglects them for pleasure or teach their children the principles of

however, to the hundreds of fouryear- social prestige, is recreant to the highthe gospel and to walk uprightly before olds who were safe in their mothers'est calling and privilege of womanthe Lord, and if they do not so teach, keeping. A train wreck or an airplane kind. The father who, because of the sin be upon the heads of the pardisaster shocks us to attention, awakens business or political or social responsients. (See D&C 68:25.)

sympathy and a demand for more safebilities, fails to share with his wife Next to the home as a safeguard to guards, while to the hundreds of trains the responsibilities of rearing his sons delinquency, the church should be a and airplanes carrying millions to and daughters is untrue to his marital dominant force. The other day I was

safety, we give scarcely a passing obligations, is a negative element in pleased to note a recent Gallup Poll thought. what might and should be a joyous published in a late edition of the New

So while we solicitously call attenhome atmosphere, and is a possible York Herald Tribune which revealed tion to the tragedies in the stream of contributor to discord and delinquency. that in 1964 at least 45 percent of the

human life, let us not be unmindful There are three fundamental things entire adult population of the nation of the much greater group who move to which every child is entitled: (1) attended church in one typical week

steadily, and successfully along, avoid- a respected name, (2) a sense of secuand that, although the percentage ing the sandbars and rapids of sinful rity, (3) opportunities for development. dropped four points since the peak year

indulgence and spiritual decay, whose The family gives to the child his of 1958, it is still so high that it comnoble lives confirm and increase conname and standing in the community. pletely eclipses the 5 percent and 7

fidence in the growing generation. As A child wants his family to be as percent in some of the other leading

we seek the lost sheep, let us be appregood as those of his friends. He wants countries. It is interesting that although

ciative of the "ninety and nine"that to be able to point with pride to his men are reputedly not very religious, are safe in the fold. father and to feel an inspiration 40 percent of the entire male adult

But no matter how firm our confialways as he thinks of his mother. It population of the United States attends

dence in the majority of the young, we is a mother's duty so to live that her church each Sunday. Fortynine permust not close our eyes to the fact that children will associate with her everycent of the women attend regularly.

the number of delinquents and youththing that is beautiful, sweet, and pure. This means that 49,500,000 adult men

ful criminals is ominously increasing. In the words of former President of and women attend church services in

In the interest of the moral atmosphere the United States, Herbert Hoover: the United States. But what of the

of our communities, the welfare of the "After we have determined every scienother 55 percent of men and women state, the perpetuity of our democratic tific fact, after we have erected every who do not attend church and what of form of government, we must search public safeguard, after we have conthe children who come from the homes

488 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of these men and women? Their instraightforward, ready for the right and which God hath spoken by the mouth

difference towards church should tend sensitive to every approach of evil. Let of all his holy phophets since the

only to spur us to more earnest and such ideals be the standard of citizenworld began."(Acts 3:21.)

diligent activity. ship. This is the Dispensation of the FulWhere there is an indifference toLet us here and now express gratiness of Times referred to by Paul in

ward Christian churches, we shall tude for The Church of Jesus Christ of Ephesians 1:10:

have to place next to the home, not Latterday Saints with its priesthood "That in the dispensation of the the church, but the public school as quorums and auxiliary organizations fulness of times he might gather tothe most influential factor in lessening especially organized to combat the evils gether in one all things in Christ, both delinquency. of crime and juvenile delinquency. It which are in heaven, and which are on

I believe with all my heart that the was established by divine revelation of earth; even in him:"

most paramount objective of the public God the Father and his Son Jesus It is a philosophy which if followed school system from kindergarten to the Christ. Its glorious mission is to prowould provide a solution to the probuniversity should be character building claim the birth of the restored gospel; lems of our distraught and imperiled

and the evolving of true, loyal citizens to uplift society that people may world.

of the republic. The teaching of the mingle more amicably one with The cornerstone of this restored gosthree R's, of the arts and sciences, even another; to create in our communities pel is faith in a Living and Personal

the delving into research work should a wholesome environment in which God, the Supreme Being. The head of

be but a means to the development of our children may find strength to rethe corner is Jesus Christ, the Son of true manhood and noble womanhood. sist temptation and encouragement to God, the same as was so fearlessly deTrue education is awakening a love strive for cultural and spiritual attainfended and proclaimed by Peter

for truth, a just sense of duty, opening ment; to make ineffective the influence throughout his ministry. One revealing

the eyes of the soul to the great purof designing men who would make passage is recorded in the Acts of the pose and end of life. It is not to teach profit out of their fellows who are Apostles as follows:

the individual to love the good for perfallen so low as to be slaves to their "This is the stone which was set at sonal sake; it is to teach him to love appetites and passions, who would fill nought of you builders, which is bethe good for the sake of the good itself; their purses through the weaknesses of come the head of the corner.

to be virtuous in action because he is addicts of gambling, drunkenness, and "Neither is there salvation in any so in heart; to love God and serve him nicotine. The gospel is a rational phiother: for there is none other name

supremely, not from fear, but from delosophy that teaches mankind how to under heaven given among men, light in his perfect character. attain happiness in this life and exalwhereby we must be saved."(Acts

Upon the teacher rests much of the tation in the life to come. 4:1112.)

responsibility of lifting society to this God help us to discharge our We believe that man was created in high level. Ralph Waldo Emerson, reresponsibilities to our youth by making the image of God and was placed upon

putedly the wisest American, said, an environment in home, in school, in the earth as an embodied spirit that "Character is higher than intellect.... Church, and in our communities that he might have the experience of mortal

A great soul will be strong to live, as will be uplifting, wholesome, faithlife, which is an intermediate state well as to think."(Nature, Addresses, inspiring, I pray in the name of Jesus between preexistence and immortality.

and Lectures: The American Scholar.) Christ. Amen. Pursuant to divine plan, there was

Another safeguard against delin- a transgression on the part of our first quency of youth is the moral atmosparents, and as a result they were phere of the leaders of the nation, This Church given mortal bodies, and they and all town, and community. This is deterof their descendants became subject

mined by the ideals and actions of Is Christianity to the dissolution of spirit and body adults, of civic particularly and are entrusted to enforceand those officers Restored* throughAlso indeath.the divine plan provision was who

the law. President Hugh B. Brown made for a redeemer to break the

If we are sincere in our desire to reOf the First Presidency bands of death and through the resurduce the delinquency among youth, let rection make possible the reunion of all spirits of of bodies the the to taberourselves andus look as members who is inspiring at and humonce This an flesh. in officials nacle the as provision leaders and Thus and wascommunity instinctively bling experience one when

for the circles. concivic has that redemption nation fromin of death A is made It desires guidance. to divine have

all difficulties the great material of through and atonementquered mankind President to the encouraging have most their for Christ salvation physical exand powers mustharnessed the and sitting stand of and the the on Church altation of effective of condition to on obedience means somehave more blessings his of to sympathy and know its principles the of of the gospel. cynicism the youthcombating wishes. well and

provision for of widely flaunted the estabthe cynicism made born He all, as of course, has welcome We of his in places, inlishment in of the those highdishonesty MeridChurch consaid, the attending are been who ian of his instructed leadership,sincerity of Time, and he and gaudy been ference. has emphasize what To

to the organization crime. complete ofpageantry inApostles for the sessions said in previous and

its of in to living the perilous times, carry Yes, are and message Church we friends of our our formation and all to let the world. to that us they bebut hope may for a few moments members, we may

after crucifixion his But the fiery as present and the generationthe religion of the aspects and review some of Apostles, subsequent the there death dross the thatfurnace but consumes this revealed but of philosophy newly purifies the gold. ancient Church. was a general falling away from the

A clean man is a national asset. A Here is a religious philosophy of primitive Church. In other words, a

universal shortly apostasy of followed true incarnation is thepure woman the origin taught divine by was which after this crucifixion, the through citizen glory. loves andnational who A old, this of Apostles and prophets and

to the apostasy ceased priesthood be evil is betterjustice than hates and "... as designated them a time by was

operative, as in Eusebius, read of and strengthbattleship. any comwe The all things, restitution of of the times "... of apostles sacred the choir exists in the of consists when andmunity

men who are pure, clean, upright, and *Address delivered Monday morning, April 5, 1965. became extinct, and the generation of

JUNE 1965 489 those that had been privileged to hear and also of all the sons of God. Christ earth, and over every creeping thing

their inspired wisdom had passed away, lived with the Father as an unemthat creepeth upon the earth.

then also the combinations of impious bodied spirit as is noted by the inspired "So God created man in his own error arose by the fraud and delusions words of John the Beloved, who said: image, in the image of God created

of false teachers. These also, as there "In the beginning was the Word, he him; male and female created he

were none of the apostles left, henceand the Word was with God, and the them."(Gen. 1:2627.)

forth attempted, without shame to Word was God. Man enjoys freedom of action and

preach their false doctrine against the "The same was in the beginning agency of choice, but while free to exergospel of truth."Confusion and conwith God. cise this volition, he must abide the

tention dominated the scene as men "All things were made by him; and consequences of his decision. Through

attempted on their own authority to without him was not any thing made trial and error we, like the Master, establish churches. that was made. learn obedience by the things which we

The announcement of the reestab- "In him was life; and the life was suffer. As Paul said:

lishment of the Church of Jesus Christ the light of men.... "Though he were a Son, yet learned

by his own personal appearance was "And the Word was made flesh, he obedience by the things which he followed by visits from other heavenly and dwelt among us, (and we beheld suffered;

beings who restored the priesthood and his glory, the glory as of the only be- "And being made perfect, he became authorized and supervised the reorgagotten of the Father,) full of grace and the author of eternal salvation unto all nization of the Church. Now this forms truth."(John 1:1-4, 14.) them that obey him"; (Heb. 5:8-9.)

the burden of our message. The mission He who was the Firstborn of the To the entire human race mortal life

of the Church thus restored is to preach Father's spirit children and the Only is a connecting link or an intermediate the gospel and administer in its ordiBegotten of the Father in the flesh state, joining the two eternities of the nances among all nations preparatory repeatedly referred to his preexistent measureless past and the eternal future.

to the second advent of our Savior. state and declared that he came forth All men, sons and daughters of divine

Man's period of earth life is but from the Father and would return to parents, are on this earth to experience one stage in the eternal progressive him on the completion of his mission an enlarged sphere of interest and journey of the soul. Birth and death do in mortality. In John 3:13, we read: activity in a terrestrial world prelimnot mark the beginning nor the end of "And no man hath ascended up to inary to entrance into celestial glory.

existence. The spirits of all men lived heaven, but he that came down from We accept the scriptural account of

as intelligent beings, enjoying the right heaven, even the Son of man which the creation of man in the image of of choice and free agency before they is in heaven."God. The fall of Adam brought a

were born in the flesh. Earth life is And again in John 6:38, the Savior heritage of mortality and death, and

for the development and training of said: the atonement of Christ made possible

the sons of men under the direction "For I came down from heaven, not man's return to his former estate and supervision of the Divine Father to do mine own will, but the will of "added upon."These two divine misthrough his Son Jesus the Christ. Here him that sent me."sions were therefore of universal conwe have an opportunity to meet oppoChrist was chosen before the foundasequence.

sition, to test our strength, to combat tion of the world to be the Redeemer It must not be assumed, however, and overcome evil and thereby prepare and Savior of mankind. John had a that the fact of God's foreknowledge

for future development throughout the vision to which he refers in Revelaof what would be under given coneternities. This was the purpose of the tion. He saw one, Lucifer, known as ditions was a determining cause, or

creation of the earth, that men might the son of the morning, or Satan the that such must be. He never has and

take upon themselves bodies and bedragon, who led the rebellion, and never will trammel man's free agency, come candidates for immortality and John declares: even though men may disobey his

eternal life. Dr. James E. Talmage "And there was war in heaven: immutable laws and bring upon themsums up the discussion of creation of Michael and his angels fought against selves resultant sorrow and condemnathe universe as follows: the dragon; and the dragon fought and tion. Though God is omnipotent, he

"What is man in this boundless his angels,"(Rev. 12:7.) permits many things contrary to his

setting of sublime splendor? I answer Those among these unembodied will. But he desires that every soul

you: Potentially now, actually to be, spirits who, as Jude says, "kept... their shall be saved in his kingdom. In fact,

he is greater and grander, more prefirst estate,"(v. 6) were given the he has declared it to be his work and

cious in the arithmetic of God, than opportunity to experience mortal life his glory "... to bring to pass the

all the planets and suns of space. For whereby their spirits were clothed in immortality and eternal life of man."

him were they created; they are the bodies of flesh consisting of earthly (Moses 1:39.)

handiwork of God; man is his son. elements, or as stated in Genesis, made We hold, however, that only Adam

In this world man is given dominion of the dust of the earth. (See Gen. will be held accountable for his disover a few things. It is his privilege 2:7.) The others who, with their obedience, although through the transto achieve supremacy over many things. leader, "kept not their first estate"gression the penalty is operative upon

"'The heavens declare the glory of (Jude 6), became the devil and his all flesh. Even so, the atonement of

God; and the firmament sheweth his angels and were permanently denied Christ is available to all, or as Paul

handywork.'(Psalm 19:1.) Incomprethe privilege of mortal existence, which said:

hensibly grand as are the physical creais prerequisite to exaltation and eternal "Wherefore, as by one man sin tions of the earth and space, they have life. entered into the world, and death by

been brought into existence as a means Man's remembrance of his earlier sin; and so death passed upon all men,

to an end, necessary to the realization existence was suspended, and man and for that all have sinned:

of the supreme purpose, which in the woman became earth tenants with "Therefore as by the offence of one words of the creator is thus declared: power and dominion over all other judgment came upon all men to con-

'For behold, this is my work and my creatures as we read in Genesis: demnation; even so by the righteoussaid, to all bring pass the immortality of the free gift in ness Let one came "And upon God us make manglory—to

life of after life."justification likeness: "(Moses. of man.'1:39.) our image, ourand eternal unto and let (Rom. men

All who accept the Holy Scriptures them have dominion over the fish of 5:12, 18.)

as the word of God must believe the the sea, and over the fowl of the air, We affirm as a fundamental prindoctrine of the preexistence of Christ and over the cattle, and over all the ciple the biblical account of the atone490 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ment wrought by Jesus Christ, and we We affirm on the basis of direct "And God hath set some in the accept it in its literal simplicity. We revelation from God that graded dechurch, first apostles, secondarily prophhold further that he was the one and grees of glory are prepared for the souls ets, thirdly teachers, after that miracles,

the only one fitted to become the Savior of men and that these comprise in then gifts of healings, helps, governand Redeemer of the world. No other decreasing order the celestial, the terments, diversities of tongues.

man possessed power to hold death in restrial, and the telestial kingdoms. "Are all apostles? are all prophets?

abeyance and to die only as he willed These several glories are likened unto are all teachers? are all workers of

so to do. As it is declared in John the sun, the moon, and the stars and miracles?

5:26: were understood and advocated by "Have all the gifts of healing? do all

"For as the Father hath life in himPaul to the Saints of Corinth as speak with tongues? do all interpret?

self; so hath he given to the Son to follows: "But covet earnestly the best gifts:

have life in himself;""There are also celestial bodies, and and yet shew I unto you a more excelAnd in John 10:1718: bodies terrestrial: but the glory of the lent way."(Vs. 2731.)

"Therefore doth my Father love me, celestial is one, and the glory of the All are essential to the whole, and because I lay down my life, that I terrestrial is another. none is justified in saying to the other,

might take it again. "There is one glory of the sun, and "... I have no need of thee."(1 Cor.

"No man taketh it from me, but I another glory of the moon, and another 12:21.)

lay it down of myself. I have power to glory of the stars: for one star differShortly after the crucifixion of the

lay it down, and I have power to take eth from another star in glory. Christ, the leaven of apostasy and disit again. This commandment have I "So also is the resurrection of the integration began to work. The evireceived of my Father."dead."(1 Cor. 15:4042.) dence of spiritual decline was observed

The effect of the atonement is twoThe Savior selected and ordained by the Apostles, and they predicted fold, viz., universal redemption of the twelve men whom he called Apostles, even a greater falling away, which, in

human race from death and individual and he commissioned them to preach fact, progressed through the early salvation whereby relief from the efthe gospel to all the world. In fact, period of Christian persecutions from

fects of personal sins becomes available. his Church, both in ancient and in Nero to Diocletian.

All men, regardless of the degree of modern times, is built upon the foun- "But there were false prophets also their guilt or innocence, will be resurdation of Apostles and prophets. Quotamong the people, even as there shall

rected from the dead, and this belief ing Paul again, be false teachers among you, who also becomes a foundation stone in the "And are built upon the foundation privily shall bring in damnable herestructure of the Mormon Church. But, of the apostles and prophets, Jesus sies, even denying the Lord that

in addition to this general salvation Christ himself being the chief corner bought them, and bring upon themthrough the atonement, every soul that stone"; (Eph. 2:20.) selves swift destruction.

lives in mortality to the age of re- "And he gave some, apostles; and "And many shall follow their persponsibility may place himself within some, prophets; and some, evangelists; nicious ways; by reason of whom the

the reach of divine mercy and may and some, pastors and teachers; way of truth shall be evil spoken of.

obtain a remission of sin. "For the perfecting of the saints, for "And through covetousness shall

We do not accept the doctrine of the work of the ministry, for the edifythey with feigned words make meroriginal sin but believe that children ing of the body of Christ:"(Ibid., 4:11chandise of you: whose judgment now

are born innocent, and if they die be12.) of a long time lingereth not, and their

fore they reach the age of accountThe Apostle aptly compared the damnation slumbereth not."(2 Peter

ability, they are redeemed from death organization of the Church to the 2:1-3.)

through the atonement of the Savior, several organs of the human body. As A widespread apostasy from the

redeemed also from any possible effects we read in 1 Corinthians, chapter 12, Church was followed by an apostasy of inherited tendency to sin. They, "Now ye are the body of Christ, and of the Church. This apostasy, which

therefore, require no baptism or other members in particular. was repeatedly predicted, is attested

ordinance of admittance into the kingby history, both sacred and profane.

dom of God, for they are innocent in This fact is the justification for the his sight. claim of the Latterday Saints that

is Salvation obtainable, from sin of has a restoration been the FATHER'S DAY ON SUNDAY there then, of gospel. the only through acceptance then, is ChrisThis Church,

the atonement of Christ and obedience BY M1RLA GREENWOOD THAYNE tianity restored, together with the to the laws and ordinances of the principles and ordinances, the priestgospel. Every bring must man

personal life into those with harmony his "Where is your gift to my daddy? cisedhood andin theauthority,primitiveas taughtChurch.andThisexeris

laws. Thus, as Paul says, Christ "... It's Father's Day, Grandma, you our declaration, my brothers and sisbecame the author of eternal salvation know. ters. This is our warning voice to all

unto all them that obey him;"(Heb. Oh, Grandma, have you forgotten?"men, that the God of heaven has set

5:9.) Brown eyes were filled with woe. up his kingdom, which, as predicted

Considering conditions in the world by Daniel, generally, there never was a time more "Your daddy, dear, is not my father. "... shall never be destroyed: and

cut off from Christ than ours, or one Your daddy is grandmothers son. the kingdom shall not be left to other

that needed him more. You give to your daddy, I give to people,... and it shall stand for

We reject the unscriptural doctrine my father.... ever."(Dan. 2:44.)

statesthat or places there this to but two message Now, we humbly Father's On hell eternal Day that's how it's testify this and to our morning members areexistence—heaven. done."all that will the all one to friends go to listenour and are men who—andof

or the other. According to ask you in humility hearken We

said: the Savior voicesof John, to the record "But Grandma..."The child had toing.the of of the prophets old and

"In my Father's house are many an answer; to the modern prophets and to the

mansions: if it were not so, I would From the gleam in his eye, I knew. revelations of God and bring your lives

have told you. I go to prepare a place "But Grandma, have you forgotten into harmony with his laws in the

for you."(John 14:2.) That today is son day, too?"name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

JUNE 1965 491 that we are God's spirit children, that prophet, seer, revel ator, and translator we are made in his image, and that by whom the Book of Mormon had we can go with our problems to him been translated, he knew that this was

It brought joy and satisfaction to Threat of as our Father in heaven. true.

Moral Decay* gratitudeMany timesto my haveHeavenlyI expressedFather thatmy hopehis soulwhenand broughthe realizedrenewedthat faiththe trueand my forefathers had such a belief in and everlasting gospel in its fulness

President N. Eldon Tanner God and such a determination to worhad been restored to the world.

Of the First Presidency ship and serve him according to the How grateful I am that his faith in dictates of their own conscience and God and his understanding of the without restrictions that they were gospel and his desire to serve God and great his so were keep commandments everything give they to prepared up blessing indeedIt great a was hesitate did not that his family and he their leave land native and and to had prophet, leader and beloved ourhave all join go to the through and Church in the Pilgrims the with Maycome with us O. McKay,President David Saints enpersecutions that the the this great they to land where flower

inspired to by bethis and morning at time. that thouwith They, dured of worship. that freedom enjoy could

his read beautifully by sohis message of their of others, driven out sands were hardships, suffered they many Though blessings spirit and His Robert.son leaving everything they and, homes of starvation rigors cold the and and

is prethis afternoon. usare with He across the driven west had, were half than from influenza more which

is conbeing conferencesiding. This this to the to plains Mountains Rocky lives, their survivors lost the of them

direction, as his heducted under Valley, Salt the they Lake Great reliwhere of privilege for the thanked God televiover proceedingswatches our for of worship freedom could enjoy to freedom, gious which them was to out hearts go atsion Our home. sacrificed so they all much. had which for the untold sufficient reward

him, and we pray that God's choicest suffering through which they had As a result I have been taught since always. attendblessings him may

it sisters, Brethren and is with a come.Let us never forget that these freemyGod youththe Eternalto haveFathercompleteand in faithhis Sonin

heavy humility and feeling ofdeep Christ in the Jesus and Ghost and Holy enjoy, blessings the which doms we before I stand you thatresponsibility life realize to that for his Christ gave are ideals which and and comforts

I sincerely praythis afternoon, and literally resurrected, resurus and was progress as the as ours, well which of blessings Spirit and thethat through his atonement and field of in enrected, every we the has been made thinkour will attend and directLord all resurrected, will all sacriand that be the gained deavor, been by have ing at this time. fice, the pain, tears, and agony of some mankind may be saved by obedience to

choir the I congratulate on to wish gospel. of the ordinances the disto laws and reason every be souls had who

express totheir singing lovely and my I too, to testimony, bear faith in wish but my had couraged God who prayers beautiful for theappreciation I his speaks to that that victory. to know God fought and on

the talks given inspiring by theand as prophet I people to a through he express today wish here and Again now first session of our the duringbrethren different in dispensations the has done to Heavenly appreciation my my this morning.conference of of the Bible the greatgreat- fact Book and for that the which Father my

I First Presidency the of behalf On I clearly. so witness bear his Tanner, and grandfather, Mormon John

all to blessings greetings andbring in express apthe families deep words cannot their had son, and Nathan, my assembled in this historic Tabernacle faith and courage to join The Church preciation for the privilege I have of this afternoon and to our radio and of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints associating so closely with his Prophet television audiences everywhere. shortly after it was organized, and David O. McKay who leads the

the for is full of gratitude heart My guidance. divine it so today under unpopular. Church was when

I grateful I enjoy. blessings ammany privilege, is It tell opportunity, great us have records a which we The

of I this peace live and land inthat to to dedicate able honorable, blessing honest, upbe were and that they my for freedom;plenty, opportunity and sustaining entirely to efforts that they time right, Godfearing and men; and

for this in Church; membershipmy service of in the citizens; they that as were prophet a God him good were

I a knowledge have,the knowledge of fellow of our in their community; interested and our Maker and men

that question, or God doubtbeyond served these closely in of with so believed working that and and they God lives, is that he and God, a personal to they Authorities devoted had General understood. as Though they whom

that he the world so lovedthat he to believed listened Bible studied and the you and have read you and whom for you Begotten Son hisgave Only it of listen this in will they conference. the were God, that word was

in believeth whosoever that me,and I of the of teaching will that the give pray us because confused God wisdom everperish but have shall nothim direct efforts that an as different was our churches and God endeavor we

I I life. I as Yes, lasting know know material lead to in being the people with truth incorporeal the of paths no

he live, Peter as also knew when and as In fact, passions. parts, Paul or are greatly and righteousness. conbody, We art Christ, the Jesus:answered "Thou then, were in conditions cerned Athenians, the told about many the world

(Matt. living of God."thethe Son worshipignorantly today, particularly evils are today, the as they and

16:16.) real- I am so thankful for my wife and entirely.ing an unknown(See ActsGod,17:23ff.)or denying him izetemptationsthat the facinggreat threatour youth.of theWefuture

progenitors, for for family, my my is spiritual, of the today moral, decay the heard he mesHowever, when associfriends andgrandchildren, my life. family and missionaries of that sage two Mormon strength that ates, for the health and

is is It see to alarming crime his the Father how Jesus and Son God I all enjoy; of us family and andmy increasing the of the throughout whole living that personages and Christ were

I kneel also, can family that and my for States that matter, and, United to the appeared young they boy had personal to pray a and who Goddown there the the world. throughout In into the went he Smith USA Joseph when

is us, will interested in know whowe of 1964 increase in 1963 over an to as was Christ pray, appeared to grove had prayers, has hear our answer and who reserious crimes that 250,000 were believed them. Paul, Tanner And John if lived, gospel which,given the us

staagencies. the the ported restoration of told of by the And he was when eternalwill immortality lead to and

tistics issued as Hoover, Edgar that by priesthood the had J. and God

is it life. to strength a know What Inof of the Federal Bureau Director to chosen again had spoken and man

* Address delivered Sunday afternoon, April 4, 1965. an individual, Joseph Smith, as a vestigation, show that in a city the

492 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA size of Salt Lake City the increase in their moral sense and motivating them fessor of philosophy at the American crime was up from 12 to 17 percent. to live right."(Peale, op. cit.) University of Beirut. He was presiThere was 17 percent more murder, He then asks the question: "Should dent of the United Nations General

14 percent more forcible rape, and 17 the church still teach a high standard Assembly in 195859. In his message

percent more robbery in 1964 than in of personal morals?"and answers, he said to all Americans:

1963. "It may shock you even to have the "The world is turning its back on

Conditions in the world are appallquestion raised, but unfortunately a you because you are turning your ing. We have men who from the few ministers are verging toward a back on yourself. Do not turn from the

pulpit are questioning the divinity of permissiveness that disturbs a lot of basics that have made America great

Jesus Christ. They do not understand thoughtful people. The effort seeman abiding faith in God and in the

the kind of God they worship, and ingly is to keep the church somewhat dignity of man, created in the image people everywhere have lost their faith in line with paganistic viewpoints in of God."(Cited by Wendell J. Ashton,

and don't know where to turn. Also an effort, I suppose, to maintain an "Weakness through Strength,"back

it is shocking indeed to read the influential rapport with these elepage, The Instructor, January 1965.) He

articles appearing in the magazines and ments. The policy seems to equate appealed to America and the world not

papers today on the question of mar-'Christian morality with worldly moralto let the power of material wealth and ality. One can hardly believe what he ity rather than the maintenance of a learning corrode because of a diminishreads. system of moral absolutes. In effect, the ing faith in God. Imagine this having

In order to make clear and to leave new permissive policy seems to reduce to come from a man from Lebanon or no doubt as to what I mean I shall Christianity to the world rather than from any other country!

refer to statements that have appeared to employ the tougher and more skillIt is true that all through history the in books and magazines and have been ful strategy of bringing the world up to ignoring of the laws of God leads to attributed to university professors, chapChristianity."(Idem. Italics added.) the ignoring and defying of all law.

lains, and psychiatrists, many of which Imagine young people in our schools The scriptures and history teach us that seem to challenge Christianity's basic and our universities who have not been man cannot continue to deny God and teachings against fornication and taught in their homes or in their ignore his laws and expect to prosper.

adultery. churches an unwavering faith in God And as William Penn so aptly said:

A new morality is being advocated and the importance of good, clean, "Those who are not governed by God which proposes an ethic based on love moral living having to face this kind will be ruled by tyrants."No one can

rather than law in which the ultimate of thinking and temptations and evil deny that the Sermon on the Mount, criterion for right and wrong is not that is found throughout the world the Ten Commandments, and all of divine command but the individual's today. This must be shocking to the the teachings of the gospel of Jesus

subjective perception of what is good parents who> realize that such things Christ offer a better way of life and for himself and his neighbor in each are going on. There is a very serious if lived, bring greater joy, success, love,

given situation. and great danger, however, and that is prosperity, and peace to all and lead

Some maintain no sexual relationthat many, many of our parents do to immortality and eternal life.

ship should be absolutely condemned not realize, nor will they believe, that We greatly appreciate and wish to by the church. Others claim that moral these are the conditions in the world express our wholehearted support to all

conduct is the sole concern and retoday and therefore seem to be prewho are engaged in the fight against sponsibility of the individual. Some pared to let nature take its course. evil, and we want you to know that the

argue that man is free to change occuWhere are we going? What is the Church of Jesus Christ is determined to

pations, homes, states, or countries and matter with the world? How different do all in its power through its auxiliary

ask why he should not be free to are we from, and how rapidly are we organizations, its priesthood quorums, change married partners. approaching, the pattern of life which its missionary program, and through

We all realize and are most thankcaused the downfall of Rome? This the families of the Church to uphold

ful that these views are not generally was forcibly brought to the attention righteousness and live and teach the accepted and, in fact, are strongly opof me and all who listened to Dr. fundamental principles of the gospel,

posed by most people. Dr. Norman Charles Habib Malik of Lebanon, prowhich is the plan of life and salvation.

Vincent Peale in commenting on the alarming new line on morals says: "For

my part, I have had too much experience with raw human nature to believe you can scale down moral standards in any area and not reap a whirlwind of broken lives."("The Alarming New

Line on Morals,"Deseret News, February 26, 1965. Permission granted by

Norman Vincent Peale.)

And as Paul admonished the Galatians: "Be not deceived; God is not

mocked: for whatsoever a man soweth,

that shall he also reap.

"For he that soweth to his flesh shall of the flesh reap corruption; but he

that soweth to the Spirit shall of the

Spirit reap life everlasting."(Gal.

6:7-8.) Dr. Peale goes on to say, "The

sophisticatedintellectual hue and cry that we must get rid of the old sense of guilt is less than impressive. Guilt can

be a pretty healthy deterrent that puts the fear of God into people, stiffening One of the thrilling experiences at conference is to hear a youth chorus, sing.

JUNE 196S 493 We greatly appreciate the thousands "Neither can they die any more: for

and thousands of individuals throughthey are equal unto the angels; and

out the Church who are prepared to are the children of God, being the accept office and responsibility in the children of the resurrection.

Church and faithfully live the gospel "Now that the dead are raised, even and'teach it to all who will listen, and Moses shewed at the bush, when he also to the hundreds of thousands of calleth the Lord the God of Abraham, parents everywhere who are endeavorand the God of Isaac, and the God of ing to live and teach a faith in God Jacob.

and the principles of right living to "For he is not a God of the dead, for all living: the of live but families.their unto sisters: Frebrethren dear and My

thrilled 20:2838.) wife (Luke I have him."been and My person with quently comes some to me

receive so to or that Let us the last the firstduring remember marmonth his to in relation a personal problem letters from two of our daughters and marriage. The husband and the wife riage on this earth, that of Adam and

a phone call from another saying how are not getting along well together, Eve, was performed before there was pleased they are and thankful for the and a divorce seems to be staring them any death in the world; therefore it

in teaching forever. helps intended to Marriage, them beprogram which of was the face. in They have a number

is right living in their authority, divine if performedthe gospel by and arise that yet differences children, and

Family Home Evening once every seem to be vital to their continued to last forever. In the temples of the

week. Here they gather their children union. Lord men and women are married with

around them and teach them the plan If the parents were both living in an everlasting covenant. Children are

of life and salvation, realizing that full accord with the divine principles born to them in this covenant to be parents having children in Zion are of the gospel, such a condition would theirs forever, and therefore the family commanded to teach them to undernot arise. There would be peace and union was intended to endure forstand the doctrines of repentance, faith harmony in the home. ever.

in Christ the Son of the Living God, Throughout the socalled Christian Paul makes this perfectly clear in and of baptism and the gift of the world, divorce is a common thing, but his writings to the Corinthian memHoly Ghost by the laying on of hands. people in other churches do not have bers of the Church when he declared

Also, it gives them an opportunity to the proper understanding in relation to unto them that "Nevertheless neither get better acquainted with their chilthe marriage union. To them marriage is the man without the woman, neither

dren, to know what they are thinking, is at best a temporary union, and the the woman without the man, in the and to let the children know what the ceremony performed by a minister or Lord."(1 Cor. 11:11.) Again he said

believe, to they thinking, the are Ephesians:parents what legally official other judge or a who is

is children right. I desire the faint that ye "Wherefore Andand what emphatically authorized and to marry

it. that are tribulations taught for enjoyreally you, They which at my shall states definitely that the be not union

we are the children of God and that until death, and then the marriage is your glory.

spark that this cause his children "For kneesas unto I bow we have my doctrine conto of comes Their an end.

it possible the Father makes Christ,divinity of our Jesus Lord in us which is that it cerning marriage is an earthly for us to reach immortal heights by ordinance or union and that it ends "Of whom the whole family in living according to the teachings of the at death. This false doctrine is imheaven and earth is named,"(Eph.

gospel of his Son Jesus Christ. pressed upon their minds because of 3:1315.)

It is encouraging to know that my the statement of the Lord to the SadThe prevalent idea in the world is of for that this them, twentyfour marriage covenant agrandchildren, their ducees with him came to who is life to to in to contradiction and pray taught onlyare being God what the concerning problems woman who it is blessings scriptures. for his in the written Let bethank him many I this conquote seven husbands. and had

ask for his guidance and strength from versation: remembered that when Adam was

day to day, to have faith in him, to "... Master, Moses wrote unto us, placed in the Garden of Eden there

realize that they have a purpose in If any man's brother die, having a was no death.

principles life, also taught read that the that declared the Lord and We by wife, die children, that he without and it principles for the are Christ to the not good was by whichJesus be man his his wife, brother should take and that therefore alone, can our brought govern Eve lives. Where was upon mustwe raise brother. his unto up seed

you find a lovelier sight than a family "There were therefore seven breththe scene to be a "help meet for him."

kneeling together in prayer to their ren: and the first took a wife, and died (See Gen. 2:18.) Thus we see that

Father in heaven in the full knowledge without children. marriage and the family organization

that he can and will hear and answer "And the second took her to wife, were intended to be forever. It was by

their prayers? and he died childless. a divine commandment, and Adam

are to the were Families throughout and Eve multiply Church commanded third her; in like took and "And the

fill the they posterity. these things, earth taughtbeing and and with their left also: the seven they and are manner

taught to be honest, true, chaste, beno children, and died. In this the final dispensation, the

to virtuous, tonevolent, Prophet taught and do good Joseph Smith was by of all also. the "Last died woman

if that also that taught are revelation the union a all men. They between in resurrection "Therefore the whose

is of lovely, or his virtuous, anything forthere wife to endure and was man is wife she? for seven her of them had

it seek to praiseworthy, report intervene, or ever. Death,good while would wife. to

after these things and that to meet the "And Jesus answering said unto was to be only a. temporary separation,

in the of world temptations union wife evils and and the husband and of children them, this world The all in eternity. continue and through have faithtoday on would God we must in marriage: given marry and are

live according to the principles of the "But they which shall be accounted And then the family union would also gospel as taught by Jesus Christ. worthy to obtain that world, and the endure forever and each generation, in

May we all have the vision, the resurrection from the dead, neither the kingdom of God, would be eternally faith, and the courage to so order our marry, nor are given in marriage: joined to the one that went on before

lives, I humbly pray in the name of from the end of time back to the beginJesus Christ. Amen. Address delivered Sunday morning, April 4, 1965. ning. Thus the children of the cove494 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

nant would eventually be joined toback from the end to the beginning; gard to the sacred principles of the

gether and the children of God become and we will all be obedient to Adam, gospel of our Redeemer. The Lord has

one grand family. Each generation whom the Prophet Joseph Smith decommanded us, one and all, to bring

would be linked to the one which went clared holds the keys of salvation for our children up in light and truth.

on before of all those who would rehis posterity who are redeemed, but Where this spirit exists, disharmony, ceive the gospel and become members "under the counsel and direction of disobedience, and neglect of sacred of the divine family of God. the Holy One,"who is Jesus Christ, duties will not, cannot, succeed.

Now I would like to express another who stands at the head because he is Prayer to our Eternal Father in the thought which is vital to us one and the Redeemer of the world, who gave name of his Beloved Son should preall. President Brigham Young has us, through his atonement, the resurvail in the home. Where this is

been unjustly condemned for a staterection and eternal life if we will observed in the spirit of faith and ment that he made to the effect that only repent and keep his laws and humility, the evil of divorce and disAdam is our God and the only one commandments. obedience of the commandments perwith whom we have to do. President If a man and his wife were earnestly taining to our eternal salvation cannot

Young's statement has been unmerciand faithfully observing all the ordiexist.

fully condemned, but what he said is nances and principles of the gospel, I conclude with a statement by a righteous principle and in full accord there could not arise any cause for diPresident David O. McKay:

with the doctrines of the kingdom of vorce. The joy and happiness pertaining "When we refer to the breaking of

God. It is the doctrine of primogeniture to the marriage relationship would grow the marriage tie, we touch upon one

in the kingdom of God and a glorious sweeter, and husband and wife would of the saddest experiences of life. For

principle when it is fully and clearly become more and more attached to a couple who have basked in the sununderstood. each other as the days go by. Not only shine of each other's love to stand by

Permit me to quote from a revelation would the husband love the wife and daily and see the clouds of misundergiven to the Prophet Joseph Smith: the wife the husband, but children standing and discord obscure the love-

"Three years previous to the death of born to them would live in an atmolight of their lives is tragedy indeed.

Adam, he called Seth, Enos, Cainan, sphere of love and harmony. The love In the darkness that follows, the love

Mahalaleel, Jared, Enoch and Methuseof each for the others would not be sparkle in each other's eyes is oblah, who were all high priests, with the impaired, and moreover the love of scured. To restore it, fruitless attempts

residue of his posterity who were righall towards our Eternal Father and his are made to say the right word and teous, into the valley of Adamondi- Son Jesus Christ would be more firmly to do the right thing; but the word

Ahman, and there bestowed upon them rooted in their souls. and act are misinterpreted, and angry

his last blessing. Divorce was never contemplated in retort reopens the wound, and hearts

"And the Lord administered comfort the gospel plan, and, where true love once united become torn wider and unto Adam, and said unto him: I have exists, disharmony between father and wider asunder. When this heartbreakset thee to be at the head; a multitude mother and from children to parents ing state is reached, a separation is

of nations shall come of thee, and thou will not arise. We are, all of us here sought. But divorce is not the proper

art a prince over them forever. in this mortal world, on probation. We solution, especially if there are chil-

"And Adam stood up in the midst were sent here primarily to obtain dren concerned....

of the congregation; and, notwithtabernacles for our eternal spirits; "Except in cases of infidelity or

standing he was bowed down with secondly, to be proved by trial, to other extreme conditions, the Church age, being full of the Holy Ghost, have tribulation as well as the abunfrowns upon divorce, and authorities predicted whatsoever should befall his dant joy and happiness that can be oblook with apprehension upon the inposterity unto the latest generation."tained through a sacred covenant of creasing number of divorces in the

(D&C 107:53, 5556.) obedience to the eternal principles of Church....

Again in another revelation given to the gospel. Mortality, as Lehi informed "Marriage is ordained, of God that

the Prophet Joseph Smith, we find the his children, is a "probationary state."children might be so trained that they

following: (2 Nephi 2:21.) It is here where we are may eventually be worthy of Christ's

"That you [that is, the Saints] to be tried and tested to see if we will, presence; and that home is happiest

may come up unto the crown prepared when shut out of the presence of our in which they are welcomed, as God for you, and be made rulers over many Eternal Father but still instructed in and nature intended they should kingdoms, saith the Lord God, the the way of eternal life, love and revere be....

Holy One of Zion, who hath estabhim and be true to his Beloved Son, "Some young couples enter into lished the foundations of Adamondi- Jesus Christ. These principles should marriage and procrastinate the bringAhman; be laid in the foundation of every home. ing of children into their homes. They

"Who hath appointed Michael your No prayer should be neglectful in reare running a great risk. Marriage is

prince, and established his feet, and set for the purpose of rearing a family, him upon high, and given unto him MOMENT and youth is the time to do it. I adthe keys of salvation under the counsel BY ROWENA CHENEY mire those young mothers with four

and direction of the Holy One, who is or five children around them now, without beginning of days or end of Halfpast daytimestill young, happy....

life."{Ibid., 78:1516.) Quarter before night. "The principal reason for marriage

Thus we learn by virtue of the law The east recedes is to rear a family. Failure to do so

of primogeniture, that all who are In the fading light, is one of the conditions that cause love saved in the kingdom of God will be While afterglow waits to wilt and eventually to die."(Gospel

Ideals, 469470, 466.) for appointdivine pp.subject to by Adam, illumine the west. To

sisters, Brethren let us and one the and these keys holds under hement is the This moment all true to every of I be covenant the Christ. carrydirection of might Jesus loves heart bestThe to gospel. give pray little to further. andthis Remember According a law

the gospel of Jesus Christ, Joseph When quiet thoughts obedience unto our Heavenly Father

Fielding Smith will be subject to his Can blend with the gray and his Beloved Son, Jesus Christ, I father, and his father to his father in Of approaching night humbly pray in the name of our Rethe family of God; and so it will go And departing day. deemer. Amen.

JUNE 1965 495.

Sunday Morning Session, the reason to his question: "How did it ents who fail to teach their children:

April 4, 1965. happen?"He first sought the reason "... if... the children go astray and

from the father of the family, but he turn from the truth, then the Lord has didn't find the answer in the sitting said that the sin shall be upon the room with the father, who declared heads of the parents.... The loss of

that he was just one of the "boys,"these children will be charged to the

.. The Home andkitchenreferredwhere thethe investigatormother of seventyto the parents,sible for theirand theyapostasywill andbe helddarkness.responnine years still managed the home. My children must not and will not

Harold B. Lee The mother first had answered: "We turn away with my consent.... I will

Of the Council of the Twelve used the Bible and common sense."endeavor with all the power I possess to

as this faithful to declared She that the them true and heredity have only..". for gospel as it is possible she felt played the "heredity a part was me to be.

of training"which she had inherited (President Joseph F. Smith, Deseret

My dear brothers and sisters and from her own mother. "A child isn't Evening News, June 25, 1898.)

friends: likely to learn good habits from his The greatest demonstration of the

In the few minutes allotted to me parents unless they learned them from power of the Almighty we see today is this morning, I seek for the Spirit of theirs."the redemption of human souls from

the Lord to impress what I have to say. In the discussion which followed, spiritual darkness into spiritual light.

Just before our Lord and Savior's this wonderful mother gave expression I saw and heard such a miracle reearthly mission was to be terminated, to some simple and homespun but cently when a man who had been his "disciples came unto him privately, wonderful thoughts on successful incorrigible much of his life, now saying, Tell us... what is the sign of family living. "If parents have decided reaching up to his middleage years,

thy coming...?"Among other things, their children haven't a chance, they spoke by his own request at the fuhe said to them that as it was in the are not likely to give them one."neral services of his elderly mother. His

days which were before the flood, so The real answer to his question as father and mother, obedient to the shall also the coming of the Son of to "how did it happen"was to be Lord's instruction, had persisted in

Man be. (Matt. 24:4, see v. 44. Infound in one word: the home. Parents teaching their children, including this

spired Version.) forget that neither school nor the son, who vigorously and rudely reAs we read from the writings of the world can reform the finished product sisted their efforts. Despite this oppoearly prophets, we discover what seems of a bad home. In this mother's earlier sition, the father continued in his role

to have been the underlying evil which years, no matter how many servants as a faithful father should; he not

brought about the wickedness which a mother could afford, she took care only taught, but every Sunday he fasted caused God, who had created mankind, of her children herself. Children are and prayed, especially for this wayto weep. In a revelation to his faithful not likely to be better than the parents ward son. The father was shown in a

prophet Enoch, God declared that the are themselves. Parents must obtain dream, as though to reassure him, his

remnant of his children were without the confidence of children in all things unruly son walking in a dense fog.

natural affection, even hating their if they do not want to make strangers In the dream he saw this son walk out own blood, which in all likelihood of them and have them seek advice of the fog into bright sunlight, cleansed meant their children. from a boy on the street corner. Parents by genuine repentance. We have seen

In his answer to Enoch's question as must take time to explain to every child that boy now a changed man and ento why he wept, God replied that every action that affects him. She had joying some of the Lord's choicest

"... among all the workmanship of taken great pains to teach them the blessings in the Church because of his

mine hands there has not been so importance of simplicity in living by faithful parents who didn't fail him.

great wickedness as among thy brethpractising simplicity and by subjecting We are hearing of and reading conren."them to hard physical work. Each of stantly of the alarming increase of

Then he added: "... behold, their her children had his own bank account, juvenile delinquency and major crimes

sins shall be upon the heads of their not to glorify money, she explained, among the youth, particularly sex fathers...."(Moses 7:3637.) Evibut to teach them that money, no crimes. An eminent educator, the

dently the parents of that generation matter how much or how little, must Superintendent of Public Instruction had committed the great sin of failing not be wasted. Children must be in California, made this statement reto comply with the command given to taught that hard work must be in the cently under the subject heading:

all parents from Adam's day down to right direction—work that is good in "Don't Saddle Schools with Sex Cleanour own day. They had failed to teach itself. Her children were encouraged to up."He said, "At first glance it would

the doctrines of salvation to their develop their natural bents and were seem that today's children need inchildren. not forced to choose a career. To her, struction in sexual matters as much as

The Lord has warned us that, as it money success for the sake of money is Custer needed more Indians. From

was in the days of Noah, so shall it the kind of success that has nothing to morning until night, they are fed an be at the coming of the Son of Man. do either with usefulness or happiness. almost unmixed diet of highcalorie,

God grant that this people will heed (One Thousand Inspirational Things, highly commercialized sex.... The

the call of our prophetleaders and p. 42.) socalled legitimate stage has achieved

teach their children as the Lord has These comments from those who a condition of such sheer filth as to commanded and escape the chastening know the importance of the home and merit the adjective 'indescribable.'We

hand of Almighty God. family life by their own experience are are the first generation since time beRecently I had occasion to read an but testifying to the fundamental soundgan which has allowed its playwrights

inspiring article concerning an elderly ness in the instructions of the Lord and its actors to wallow in vileness....

mother who was awarded an unusual to parents in our day as he first gave "So a lot of people are urging schools honorary degree from an Eastern unithem to the ancients relative to the to step in and clean this mess up by versity "for outstanding achievement as teaching of their children in order to giving the youngsters a good stiff dose a wife and a mother."Three sons and stem the tide of wickedness among the of sex education....

a daughter had won the highest places children of the earth. "People are not discouraged from

in educational and scientific fields. A From a former President of the becoming safecrackers by learning how

narrator was sent by his editor to find Church, we hear this warning to parto manipulate tumblers in the dark.

496 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA They avoid a life of crime because they has said, but can come to know God eternal light of gospel truth is more are taught from infancy that crime is the Father and his Son Jesus Christ beautiful than ever before because of evil. The only way society has ever and thus gain an eternal anchor to our greater need.

found to discourage misconduct is to his soul. May we remember the history of

label it clearly as either a crime or sin, For over half a century, the leaders past generations and their failure to or both, and then punish it accordof this Church have counseled with teach their children, lest the "sins of ingly."parents in the home to gather their today's children be upon the heads of

Then the superintendent of schools children around them in a weekly today's fathers."

concludes: "Only when we adults, in Home Evening and there teach the I bear testimony to all within the

our homes, our churches, our busitruths of salvation—honesty, sobriety, sound of my voice that God does live

nesses, decide that we are going to integrity, and chastity. One of our and that his Church, bearing the name

set a decent example and demand leaders has promised that if parents of Jesus Christ our Savior, is among us decent behavior from the young, will would do tins, "ninetynine out of today. That each and all of us may

the children start growing up to beevery hundred children... will oblive so that we may be guided by the

come the kind of people we want them serve them through life."(The Distruths taught therein and teach our

to be, and should have been ourcourses of Wilford Woodruff, pp. 267children to do likewise, I pray in the

selves."(Dr. Max Rafferty, The Salt 268.) name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

Lake Tribune, 1964. Copyright 1965, This year our leaders have directed

Los Angeles Times Syndicate.) How us in an intensive effort to observe Sunday Afternoon Session,

wise the words of this great educator! this weekly Family Home Evening. April 4, 1965.

Just how the Church is essential to Lesson materials with suggested aceach individual and to every home in tivities have been prepared and are combating these evils is rather dranow in the hands of every parent in matically set forth in a letter I rethe Church. One night each week all

activities sister, socials, or otherceived recently from a a new meetings, are discontinued. Inconvert, the Keep the Faith in the home the Middle now living

West, where I had attended a stake family, led by the father, engage in quarterly conference. I quote from a a Family Home Night, which consists Delbert L. Stapley

part of her letter: of scripture reading, singing, and acOf the Council of the Twelve

"As you spoke, an idea kept repeattivities suited to the ages of the chiling itself in my mind: how life as a dren. This is the time for a family

member of The Church of Jesus Christ council and free expressions of all of Latterday Saints is like crossing a family members. Reports from My brothers and sisters and friends,

swinging bridge suspended between throughout the Church are most and this includes the unseen listening the points of birth by baptism into the heartening. audience hearing this service this afterChurch and death into eternal life From a psychiatrist comes this unnoon, I wish to express a few thoughts

over the turbulent stream of worldliusual comment: which to me appear timely and imness and sin. As one starts out onto "My professional activity,"he said, portant. I am deeply concerned with

the bridge, the nearness of his baptism "brings me in contact with many the unmoral and unethical trends in lends a feeling of security and faith, church members who have problems. our society and the American way of

but as one becomes aware of the It was a most refreshing experience life established by the founding fathers stream below and the vast expanse to to receive the Family Night manual of our beloved country. The very

be crossed, the sense of security gives and to see the lesson materials. Most foundations of moral and ethical beway to spasmodic twinges of doubt and of the problems I see could be corhavior are crumbling about us. This

fear, causing one to lose the rhythm rected if members of the Church could President David O. McKay pointed out

of prayer, faith, and love, and work just understand and live the first three so poignantly and eloquently to us which makes one's progress smooth. lessons in the Family Night manual. this morning. Satan seems to have

The mists of doubt and apathy arise Inferiority feelings, trying to be power over his dominions.

and corrode one's heart and mind, someone else other than one's self, There are manyheaded serpents at impeding one's progress and restrictand failure to believe in repentance work in the world, and often unknowing one's response to the magnetic create the background for most of the ingly, or unwittingly, but certainly unforce of love which streams across the problems I see. The Church Family wisely, some folk play into the hands

bridge. It is then one breaks step and Night program is the most effective of wicked, designing men and enfalls to his knees and hangs on until preventive program I have seen."(Dr. dorse and promote their crafty schemes

the force of love restores faith and Carlos Madsen.) and plans which are evil and harmful

direction to the crossing. Testimonies coming from young to the society of decent men and

"This is where the Church and its families concerning these programs as women. These evil influences which

Authorities come in. When they they put them into practice in their are insidiously creeping in among us

speak it is as if the force of love calling little families continue on and on, as paint an alarming view for the future to us becomes vocal and adds impetus we could tell you of the reawakening if we do not awaken and take proper to our response to it, as a voice calling which has come to parents as they action to reverse these undesirable to us from farther along the bridge are led by the family home manual trends.

saying, 'Have faith, this is the way.'to guide their children through these The issues may not appear to be too

"Thank you and God bless you and important years of their lives. significant when each promotion is

our prophet, whom I have never met, Just as a floodlighted temple is quietly initiated, but with an apathetic but have learned to love more dearly more beautiful in a severe storm or populace and the sympathetic support because of you."in a heavy fog, so the gospel of Jesus of misguided prominent men and

In this analogy this gifted sister has Christ is more glorious in times of women, both in and out of public borne witness to the power of one who inward storm and of personal sorrow office, they are coming with more tries sincerely toteach the truths of and tormenting conflict. When the regularity and frequency as power of

the gospel. Through inspired teachers density of the fog of doubt and unposition increases. Too many of us are

and parent, one not only can come certainty and dangers in the way naive, undiscerning, and unsuspecting to know the prophet of God, as she ahead put fear into our hearts, God's in these matters. We do not acquaint

JUNE 1965 497 ourselves sufficiently with vital issues your hearts and give ear from afar; his righteousness, but every man walkwhich should concern us, nor do we and listen, you that call yourselves eth in his own way, and after the

always determine the motives behind the people of the Lord, and hear the image of his own God, whose image them; therefore, by our complacency word of the Lord and his will conis in the likeness of the world,..."

and the subtle claims of value by the cerning you. (Ibid., 1:3, 1516.)

promoters, we seem to be unaware of "For this is a day of warning, and Can we risk liberality in our personal the seriousness these issues present. not a day of many words. For I, the viewpoints and interpret to our own

Only with knowledge of the affairs Lord, am not to be mocked in the selfish ends the revelations from the and happenings of national, state, and last days."(Ibid., 63:1, 58.) Lord as taught in scripture and by

community interest, with eternal and He has further said that he requires divinely called men and thus attempt watchful vigilance, can the honest in the heart and a willing mind and the to set at naught the commandments of heart be safeguarded against designing obedience of the children of men in God? We are advised not to trifle

men and the underworld element of these last days, and that he expects us with sacred things. It isn't wise for

iniquity, who want to set up for to walk in all the commandments of man to set aside the counsels of God financial gain many forms of vice and God blameless. (See ibid., 64:22, 34; and walk in his own way, which way

harmful substances detrimental and 88:133.) is a path of pitfalls and of the errors of

degrading to the physical, moral, and Why are we gathered here in the darkness. Every soul should seek

spiritual wellbeing of young and old tops of the mountains? We are assemthrough righteousness the light of the

alike. bled here unitedly to perfect ourselves Spirit as a guide through his entire

When these Satanic influences get and be living examples of that which mortal life.

their foot in the door, they will attempt we proclaim unto the world—God's In large measure truth these days is

to ride roughshod over the barriers of word and law. It is from here that the so screened and bantered about that

decency to expand their diabolical word of the Lord is to go forth to it walks a tightrope. Truth not only

plans and operations. All the proposed all nations. The law cannot go forth requires of us a good knowledge of the

controls to these evils will be swept from Zion in power to the people of revealed word which constitutes our aside and the innocent and undiscemthe world, and successfully so, without path of safety for the kind of life God ing exposed to every nefarious scheme faithful example and courageous spiriintends us to live, but also faith and promoted by such powerful organized tual firmness by the Saints to support testimony of those things which give interests. fully every principle, standard, and us the motivating desire to act accordWe must be an alert people, ever ideal which is part and parcel of the ing to the will of God. Our beloved

defending our rights, liberties, and gospel of Jesus Christ. Savior said he came "... not to do

ideals by active and interested particiThe enemies of righteousness should mine own will, but the will of him pation in all which concerns us. know our works, sincerity of purpose that sent me."

Throughout this nation many doors in and convictions, and where we as a "... for I do always those things

devious ways are being opened to the Church and people stand on vital that please him."(John 6:38, 8:29.)

underworld with their racketeering moral issues. The same reverent attitude and

and evil designs. It seems so many of All good, honorable men and women willing obedience should abide in the

us who could act cooperatively and are invited, welcomed, and received hearts of all mankind today.

legitimately according to just purgladly in our communities to enjoy Are we at any time ever justified poses and procedures conform by cothe benefit of our society, spiritual enin sacrificing the teachings of eternal ercion because it is the order of the vironment, companionship, and friendprinciples for gain or favor to satisfy day, rather than take an active part ship. All of us should be intensely our personal desires and vain ambifor that which is right and be couinterested in wholesome community tions? Are we ever justified when we

rageous enough to stand up and be life with a moral and spiritual inappease individuals or organized prescounted for being on the side of right. fluence where families are free from sure interests whose demands are

I do not mean people or groups all forms of vices and enticements to adverse to the beneficial moral and should lawlessly take things into their do evil. We should not open our doors spiritual blessing of people?

own hands, but rather seek redress to questionable influences because we Mormon, an ancient prophet of the by personal or written petition accordare not interested in them nor do we Americas, wisely said:

ing to the rights and privileges guarwish to expose ourselves or our loved "Wherefore, all things which are anteed by the basic constitution of this ones to that which they offer. No good cometh of God; and that which is

land. To assure security of righteous individual or institution or organizaevil cometh of the devil; for the devil

purpose, the Lord has warned and tion of men can offer anything comis an enemy unto God, and fighteth counseled: parable to what the Lord has given against him continually, and inviteth

"... when the wicked rule the his people. It is his gospel plan and and enticeth to sin, and to do that

people mourn. way of righteousness we seek. Anything which is evil continually.

"Wherefore, honest men and wise contrary cannot bring happiness and "But behold, that which is of God men should be sought for diligently, peace. As people of the Lord we are inviteth and enticeth to do good conand good men and wise men ye should different, and we choose, and I hope tinually; wherefore, every thing which

observe to uphold; otherwise whatsodare, always to be different. inviteth and enticeth to do good, and

ever is less than these cometh of evil."We are therefore set apart to uphold to love God, and to serve him, is in-

(D&C 98:9-10.) the ways of the Lord and sustain the spired of God."(Moroni 7:1213.)

There are many dogooders and previrtues of Godliness in our personal This statement rings with truth and ferential organized interests which conlives and by our example of righteousunderstanding.

fuse many issues and tend to dominate ness stand as an ensign of hope and Nephi, another great American by coercion and intimidation the goodwill to the nations of the earth. prophet, records that he was led by the

minds and the morale of men. Honest The Lord has declared that "... the Spirit of God in the things which he

and honorable men and women are rebellious shall be pierced with much did. Explaining to the understanding

constant subjects of deception by the sorrow;... of his brothers on one occasion about

unscrupulous, ambitious agents of "For they have strayed from mine the teachings of their father which darkness. ordinances, and have broken mine they did not comprehend, he asked

The Lord has spoken and warned: everlasting covenant; them this enlightening question:

"Hearken, O ye people, and open "They seek not the Lord to establish "Have ye inquired of the Lord?"

498 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (1 Nephi 15:8.) fast to that which is good and acceptthat we will walk in all the ordiHere is an important key. It takes able to our God. nances of the Lord."(Ibid., 136:4.)

faith to inquire of the Lord, and faith Another prophet challenged his "Wherefore, let every man beware requires righteousness of lives to secure people by saying: lest he do that which is not in truth

an answer from God. "Behold, the scriptures are before and righteousness before me."(Ibid.,

Another early American prophet you; if ye will wrest them it shall be to 50:9.)

counseled: your own destruction."(Alma 13:20.) "For of him unto whom much is

"For the natural man is an enemy "For behold, the Lord hath said: given much is required; and he who

to God, and has been from the fall of I will not succor my people in the day sins against the greater light shall

Adam, and will be, forever and ever, of their transgression; but I will hedge receive the greater condemnation.

unless he yields to the enticings of the up their ways that they prosper not; "... and inasmuch as ye keep not

Holy Spirit,..."(Mosiah 3:19.) and their doings shall be as a stummy sayings, which I give unto you, ye

Can a man or woman who inquires bling block before them."(Mosiah become transgressors; and justice and

of the Lord and truly desires to be led 7:29.) judgment are the penalty which is

by the Spirit and willingly yields to Alma, counseling his son against the affixed unto my law."(Ibid., 82:3-4.)

the enticings of the Holy Spirit support insidious works of darkness, said to My brothers and sisters and friends, and approve any plan or promotion of him: these scriptural quotations clearly deevil intent or purpose contrary to his "... trust not those secret plans fine the true course God would have

or her convictions and be able to unto this people, but teach them an us live. To keep the commandments

square his conscience with moral upeverlasting hatred against sin and inof God is the whole duty of man. God

rightness? iquity."(Alma 37:32.) has decreed that his law is to be kept

We are not true to our God nor supContinuing, he admonished: on this land.

porting as we should the gospel of "Teach them to never be weary of It is our obligation to unitedly stand his Son, our Beloved Savior, when we good works, but to be meek and lowly firm and steadfast and immovable in give encouragement to and champion in heart; for such shall find rest to keeping the commandments of God

iniquitous causes of sin and degradatheir souls."(Ibid., 37:34.) and unequivocally support firmly that

tion, which can only destroy the In our day the Lord has declared: which God has revealed and teaches

virtues of Christlike character and "... mine anger is kindled against so clearly to the understanding of all

the fundamentals of true religion in the the rebellious,... who desire to understand. We cannot

lives of people. "And he that will not take up his be passive nor complacent about issues

The great Prophet Alma admonishcross and follow me, and keep my comwhich destroy the rights, privileges, ing his people said: mandments, the same shall not be and freedoms which God has given us.

"... can ye imagine yourselves saved. Should any individual or group debrought before the tribunal of God "Behold, I, the Lord, command; and precate or deal loosely with temporal,

with your souls filled with guilt and he that will not obey shall be cut off moral, and spiritual basics, the blessremorse, having a remembrance of all in mine own due time, after I have ings of heaven will not abide with your guilt, yea, a perfect remembrance commanded and the commandment is them. We cannot go along with the

of all your wickedness, yea, a remembroken."(D&C 56:1-3.) crowd and do as they do. We choose to

brance that ye have set at defiance the The following are some additional be different because we are different.

commandments of God?... latterday scriptures which are most To be worldly minded separates us

"I say unto you, can ye look up meaningful and a knowledge of which from heavenly blessings and opporto God at that day with a pure heart should encourage every person to rightunities for true happiness and peace.

and clean hands? teous living and Godly pursuits: We should never waver as a people

"I say unto you, can ye think of "Verily, verily, I say unto you, wo in our determination to support moral being saved when you have yielded be unto him that lieth to deceive beissues. Any vacillation would permit

yourselves to become subjects to the cause he supposeth that another lieth our courage to be tested for enactments devil?"(Alma 5:1820.) to deceive, for such are not exempt and promotions which are evil and

Later, in this same discourse the from the justice of God."(Ibid., harmful in nature. It reminds one of

following is recorded: 10:28.) the dares youth often make to each

"For I say unto you that whatsoever "And I give unto you a commandother to do something that is not is good cometh from God, and whatsoment, that ye shall forsake all.evil and proper or right or wise. Accepting a

ever is evil cometh from the devil."cleave unto all good, that ye shall live dare often ends disastrously. There'is

(Ibid., 5:40.) by eOery word which proceedeth forth no wisdom or justification in giving ear

We have no excuse to err in our out of the mouth of God."(Ibid., to such taunts and irresponsibile chalknowledge and understanding of right 98:11.) lenges. We must uphold and maintain

and wrong because God has marked "Therefore, be not afraid of your that which we believe and know to be out the path, the straight and narrow enemies, for. I have decreed in my right with a firmness of conviction

way which leads to life eternal. An heart, saith the Lord, that I will prove and purpose. This will provide a

ancient American prophet said that you in all things, whether you will wholesome moral and spiritual in- "... men are instructed sufficiently abide in my covenant, even unto death, fluence in our communities and appeal

that they know good from evil."(2 that you may be found worthy. to those who desire a quality environNephi 2:5.) The oppositions of man "For if ye will not abide in my ment for a peaceful and rewarding

cannot change truth or principle, or covenant ye are not worthy of me."home life where children can grow

moral or ethical standards as revealed (Ibid., 98:1415.) up with companionships of young men

of God; therefore, men have no excuse "And this shall be our covenant and women with like moral and spirifor not arriving at right answers and tual standards and ideals.

decisions in all matters which come I pray that God will bless all of us before them. By inquiring of the Lord to be true and faithful to the trusts,

and listening to the voice of his Spirit obligations, and covenants we have and having a willingness to be guided I know no failure, save failure in entered into with him and to honorthereby, we will always find ourselves cleaving to the purposes which I ably keep every condition of our vows, on the Lord's side of every issue and know to be best. I humbly pray in the name of Jesus

be strengthened to defend and hold—George Eliot Christ. Amen.

JUNE 1965 499 We are the children of God our pared, to translate the Book of MorFather; he loves us, has an intense mon."(V. 8.) Then of that book he

interest in our wellbeing, and desires says: It "... contains a record of a

is willing gospel of Jesus Christ to the Gentiles "The Keystone of towe seebecomeus progresslike him.andHeadvance until fallen people, and the fulness of the

Our Religion"—toprovidedgiveweuspaywisdomthe investigator'sand knowledge,price and"Whichto the Jewswas also;given by inspiration

President Bruce R. McConkie toligionrevealso thatto uswethecantruthwalkaboutin thatrewho[meaningwrote thatit werethe inspiredoriginal ofprophetsGod],

Of the First Council course and way in which he would and is confirmed to others by the of the Seventy have us go. ministering of angels [meaning that

In view of this, may I mention a angelic ministers delivered it to men

There are in the world great hosts of specific way and means which will on earth in this day], and is declared upright and good people, men and enable men to get in tune with the unto the world by them—"(Vs. 9-10.)

women of goodwill, who desire in their Lord, to get themselves in the frame And now these words that follow are hearts to know the truth about reof mind to exercise the necessary faith, the key: "Proving to the world that the

ligion. They see conflicting claims the faith which will bring a personal holy scriptures are true, and that God

everywhere, claims supporting both the manifestation from him as to the truth does inspire men and call them to philosophies of the world and the variand divinity of this great latterday his holy work in this age and generaous religious systems. work. tion, as well as in generations of old;

These truth seekers feel in their Remember, we proclaim to the world "Thereby showing that he is the hearts that there ought to be unity a message, the message of the restorasame God yesterday, today, and forwhere religion is concerned, unity tion. This message is that Jesus Christ ever."(Vs. 1112.)

based on complete, ultimate truth. is the Son of God, that salvation is in Now, in every age of the earth's

They see movements afoot to bring him, that because of his atoning sacrihistory, when the Lord has had a mesorganizational unity into the Christian fice all men are raised in immortality, sage for people, he has sent his serworld, and yet they find those who and those who believe and obey his vants to testify and bear witness of it.

give lip service to unity crying, "Lo, laws are raised unto eternal life. This They have spoken by the power of the

here is Christ, or there...."(Matt. message is that in our day, primarily Holy Ghost and have certified of the

24:23.) They wonder why men do not through the instrumentality of Joseph truth of the revelation. We do this

come to a unity of the faith, why they Smith, there has been a restoration today, most solemnly and soberly, as do not find the ultimate truth about of the knowledge of Christ and the it has been done in this conference;

religion, just as men come to a perfect knowledge of salvation. And this mesand I add my personal witness that I

knowledge of truth in scientific fields. sage is, further, that The Church of know by the revelations of the Holy

Well, this condition has prevailed Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, as Ghost to my soul that this work is over the years. It existed in the days now constituted, is the Church and true. But for our day and our generaof Joseph Smith. He was in the midst kingdom of God on earth, the one tion, an era in which the Lord is

of a religious revival on the frontier place where salvation is found, the cutting short his work in righteousness, area of America. He heard the cry that place where men can come to learn the in which he is hastening it in its

here was salvation, or there. He reached eternal verities in the fields of retime and in its season, he has given

the conclusion that "... the teachers ligion and salvation. something additional. He has placed in

of religion of the different sects underNow, the Lord has placed in our our hands a volume of scripture which stood the same passages of scripture so hands the way and the means to preis both ancient and modern and has differently as to destroy all confidence sent this message to the world, to preprovided that it will be the sure proof, in settling the question by an appeal to sent it in such a way that every honest the conclusive evidence, the added the Bible."(Joseph Smith 2:12.) truth seeker can be guided and enwitness of the divinity of the work.

Then he read these glorious words in abled to know where the truth is. By As all who are acquainted with this

the book of James: "If any of you lack using this means every truth seeker matter know, if any person will read

wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth can learn how to get in communion this book in accordance with Moroni's to all men liberally, and upbraideth with Deity and how to get personal promise, having faith in God, and ask not; and it shall be given him,"folrevelation from that God who'does not the Father in the name of Christ if it

lowed by the counsel, "But let him upbraid and who desires to see his is true, that person will learn by the ask in faith, nothing wavering. For he children come to the light and truth power of the Holy Ghost that it is.

that wavereth is like a wave of the of heaven. (See Moroni 10:3-5.) The still small

sea driven with the wind and tossed."This way and means, given of God voice will whisper to the spirit that is

(James 1:5-6.) As the Spirit worked to establish the truth of his work, is within him, telling him in a way that

upon him, he, meditating upon these the Book of Mormon. May I call your he cannot deny or misunderstand that

words, was led to offer that prayer attention to the inspired words of no man could have written that book, which ushered in this great, final gosJoseph Smith, words written by the that it is the mind and word and will pel dispensation. spirit of prophecy and revelation on of God.

Now, every person of goodwill, every the day the Church was organized in Now, if this book is what we say it honest truth seeker, every person with this dispensation. In them the Prophet is, Joseph Smith was a Prophet of

a devout desire to find the truth in the first announces that the Church has God; Jesus Christ is the Son of God,

field of religion is faced with the same been organized. Then he says that the one by whom salvation comes; and

problem which confronted Joseph "... through faith, God ministered this Church and kingdom was set up,

Smith, and every person can find the unto him by an holy angel, whose ordained, and established by the openanswer in the same way he found it; countenance was as lightning, and ing of the heavens, by the principle of

for God, who is no respecter of perwhose garments were pure and white revelation. The Book of Mormon has

sons, in whose sight a soul is just above all other whiteness"; (D&C been given to the world to prove the

as precious today as it ever was, will 20:6.) divinity of the work, and our challenge

give wisdom, will give light and truth He then says he was given comis that men of goodwill, upright and and revelation to those who ask in mandments, and also the power "... good people everywhere, will take this

faith. by the means which were before prebook and learn what is in it and then

500 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ask God whether it is true. [Andean mountain range] they thresh Apostles and the establishment of his

Joseph Smith said: "I told the brethas in the days of the Savior. Oxen tread Church on this hemisphere. The Book

ren that the Book of Mormon was the the grain, and it is winnowed in the of Mormon sets forth in clarity and most correct of any book on earth, and wind. Burdens are carried on colorful plainness the teachings of the Resurthe keystone of our religion, and a man llamas or burros or, more likely, the rected Lord as he sojourned with these

would get nearer to God by abiding by human back. people for a brief season. It has rightly

its precepts, than by any other book."The women's blouses of bright hues been called the Bible of the Western

(DHC, 4, 461.) are softened by the earth tones of their Hemisphere.

Well, as the keystone of our religion, homespun skirts. Long black braids, Today Indian legends still contain

it is the thing upon which we stand or often interwoven with bright strips of fragmentary accounts of a great Perfall. If it is true, this whole system of cloth, are topped by a white straw hat sonage who long ago visited among

religion is true because God's hand or a colored felt derby, denoting their them. Known among different tribes

is in it; if it is not true, then our clan or city. In addition to their mania, by a variety of names, he is neverthesystem of religion is false. But thanks or shawl, they always carry a baby less always described in similar terms.

be to God, this book is true! And wrapped in a blanket deftly tied across Today these people, whose ancestors

thanks be to him also, he is willing, their shoulders, with often another saw the Risen Christ, number in the desirous, anxious, by the power of his child or two trotting at their side. millions. They range from Canada to

Spirit, to bear record of that fact to Men and boys wear kneelength la Tierra del Fuego. In North America

all honest truth seekers in the world, trousers and plain short jackets of many dwell on reservations. Thousands

in which event they then know of the homespun, with undershirts of once are scattered throughout Mexico and divinity of the work; and if they are bright colors. Knit caps with ear flaps Central America. In South America

willing to abide and walk in the light, and the necessary poncho complete they live in the jungle and on the tops having the courage of their convictions, their attire. If sandals are worn, they of the Andes. The blood of this chosen

they come and join with the Saints of are cut from old tire treads. More often people flows in the veins of many of

God and get on the path leading to than not the men go barefoot. those who live south of the Rio Grande.

eternal life. Their hillside plots produce crops There is a gradual awakening of reMay I quote the words that God of corn, small potatoes, grains, and sponsibility to the Lamanites. Their

himself said in bearing record of the vegetables. Everybody works. Old governments have helped. Roads are

divinity of the Book of Mormon, and women tend the babies, spin and knit, being opened to their formerly inaccesmake them my testimony also? He said cook the meager meals. Small children sible retreats. Land reforms are becomof Joseph Smith, "... he has translated scantily dressed in oft mended clothing effective. Rudimentary education is

the book, even that part which I have ing carry water and help gather herbs filtering down to them.

commanded him, and as your Lord and for food. Always there is the tending Private foundations such as the Ford

your God liveth it is true."(D&C of flocks of llamas which graze with and Rockefeller foundations, the Peace

17:6.) the sheep on the rocky hillsides or Corps, and some universities are workIn the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. eat tethered in the fields. An occasional ing among them.

team of oxen and the ever present burro Unfortunately their religion, the incompletes the landscape scene in the fluence that should have been the high Sierras. There is evidence of greatest, rather than redeeming, has

poverty everywhere. subjugated them.

But it was not always so. Our efforts among these Lamanite

Field White The Book of Mormon is the word of people in South America are just beto Harvest Godamongandtheis ancestorsa record ofofthesehis ministryIndians. ginning,are readybutto accepthold greatthe restoredpromise. gospelThey

Christ. Jesus are disenchanted They them Indians. named He of South America Columbus

their present thought he the Indies. had discovered condiwith subjugated

President A. Theodore Tuttle In reality they are Lamanites. They tions. They are eager and capable of

Of the First Council are descendants of Joseph who was providing their own leadership. They

of the Seventy sold into Egypt. The account of their love to learn, to act, to speak, to teach,

religious experiences was written in and to sing. They have an insatiable

My dear brothers and sisters: hieroglyphics upon plates and handed thirst for knowledge. But they have no

Within the month Sister Tuttle and down from one generation to another, books, no equipment, no notebooks, no

I stood in the mountain fastness of the overspreading a 2,600 year period. classrooms, no teachers.

Andean highlands. We were visiting The Book of Mormon recounts the From our past short experience we

among the Indian people, where redeparture of these Israelites from their know that we can provide much that cently we have established the Church. homeland. It says they built ships; they need. We have the plan and

They live today much as they lived crossed the ocean; erected cities; conorganization to meet their needs.

in centuries past—in the age of the structed highways; engaged in merThrough the priesthood quorums the

hand scythe and the crooked stick for chandising, industry, and shipping. It brethren have and can sponsor projects

a plow. Acres of ground are still cultitells of their growth from a few famiwhich demonstrate the practical applivated by a farmer using his foot plow lies to hundreds of thousands of people. cation of theology to daily life—somewith two handles, designed in the days It describes their destructive wars thing these people have never seen.

of the Incas. and warns of the decline of this once Simple projects like making windows

High in the Andes the Indians cultienlightened people. But their prophets in houses to let in not only physical

vate small farms which, like a patchforesaw a restoration of their former but spiritual light, hanging doors, work quilt, cover the mountains from blessings after the restored gospel is planting flowers, and erecting centers the crest to the river. Adobe mud huts, taught to them. for education—this is religion in action.

with their thatched roofs showing Most important, however, this anThe women's Relief Society organizashaggy-like, dot the landscape. Judged cient scripture declares unequivocally tion provides opportunity for girls and

by our luxurious standards, their huts that the Risen Christ walked and mothers to learn home management, are pitiful indeed. For hundreds of talked with the people on this the baby care, cleanliness. It opens up

thousands existence is bare. American continent. This religious recvistas of service heretofore unknown.

In many places in the Cordillera ord relates the calling of the Twelve The Relief Society motto, "Charity

JUNE 1965 501 never faileth,"gives ample opportunity Now, brethren, I ask you, how long for these women to participate in muhas it been since you stood in the tually beneficial activities. place of your good wife? For example,

to Association Primary imparts little or three The this following days two bit ofthe children the My Wife's one lifesaving this episode, of I took wild same group lifts their livesknowledge atstore which the grocery to and level togoals from the all as a spirianimal and Husband Indianstempted, mothers houseand tual plane. In these Andean communiPresident Paul H. Dunn wives do, to fill the grocery basket.

ties, youngsters eagerly attend the Of the First Council There was another challenge, to keep classes taught by missionaries where of the Seventy one youngster from digging into thethey learn, "I Am a Child of God."cookie box, while another picked up,

The Mutual Improvement Associadropped, and broke a jar of pickles, and tions afford opportunities unbounded My brethren and sisters and friends, to the third in the meantime became to the scores of idle youth who roam answer a number of questions that lost and, in her anxiety to find her the streets. These young people want to have been put to me lately after one father, shouted so that all the neighparticipate in drama, music, dancing, year and numerous experiences, this is borhood could hear, "Daddy, where are

worthwhile classes, and various sports still the challenge that it ever was. I you?"

activities. They thrill to the leadership stand before you most humble and Brethren, fathers, priesthood bearers,

possibilities which activity in the MIA dedicated in an attempt to convey to I tell you that I sincerely believe that provides. you the feelings of my heart on this my day is as long and nerveracking as

The Sunday School gives all a special day. I, too, seek an interest in any represented here. But I wouldn't

chance to learn and grow. All have your faith and prayers. trade my job, and I don't believe most

opportunity to give talks, practise rever- I am wondering if you good sisters of you would, involved as it might ence, and expand the depth and exhere in this building and listening in be, for that of a good wife who manages tent of gospel learning. would pardon me if I visited with the home, supervises a family of chilOthers could, if they would, supply your husbands and the dads for just dren twelve hours a day and more at

the serums, and the seeds, and the a few moments. times, not to speak of a few other

tools. They could provide the educaEvery once in a while there comes little responsibilities that engage her

tional opportunities and other things into the life of each father and husband time from morning until night.

that our Lamanite brethren so urgently a tremendous challenge, and some I wish today, brethren, that my need. But they cannot supply the mesweeks ago it was one of these chalwife's husband could remember every

sage of truth that we bear, for we lenges that brought me to a greater evening when he comes home that, no declare with authority from God that realization of my responsibility as both matter how tired he is or how hard he the gospel of Jesus Christ has been refather and husband. I am sure my exhas worked, she has labored just as

stored to the earth; we declare that the perience is not unlike some that many hard. And no matter how disappointed

heavens are again open, that a prophet of you here today have had. he may be with the things that have

lives today and directs the Church of It all happened this way. My wife one gone on during the day, she has an

Jesus Christ. We declare that the Book day, in her interest to go shopping with equal reason to be tired and discourof Mormon identifies these millions of one of her close friends in the neighaged with the load of her multitudipeopleanonymous—makingwho for so knownlong havethat beenthey borhood,enough toaskedattendif Ito wouldthe householdbe kind nousIf myandwife'shectichusbandresponsibilities.could always

are a chosen people, eligible for the chores for about four hours during her realize this, I believe he would trypromised blessings of their Father. absence, besides tending our smallest even harder than he does to forget his

Their governments have recently acdaughter. I assured her I was most own troubles and would try to bring

corded them citizenship in their anxious to do what I could as a priestinto his home a spirit of love, fun, lands, but our message makes them "no hood bearer and as a loving father and optimism, and assurance that would more strangers and foreigners, but husband. And I will have to confess make every member of his family glad

fellowcitizens"(Eph. 2:19) in the there was a selfish interest at heart, to be alive.

Church and kingdom of God. thinking as I did that perhaps here was There are a number of other things

The day of the Lamanite is at hand. an opportunity to catch up on some that I wish my wife's husband would

I bear witness that this is the work of of my own projects. do as he views this lovely creature that

the Lord, that we are in his Church. Well, now, I want to tell you, that he has taken unto himself as a bride

I bear solemn witness that God lives, was a day I shall never forget. Let me for time and all eternity—that he

that Jesus is the Christ, that President just give you an accounting of my acwould continue to court her and respect

David O. McKay is a prophet and the complishments on that afternoon: her as he has promised to do because

mouthpiece of the Lord to the Church I answered the telephone 15 times. of his genuine love and appreciation

and in the world, and that the Book of Thirteen of those calls were for our for her.

Mormon is true. May the Lord help all teenage daughters. I wish my wife's husband would also

of us to aid our brethren, the Laman- I shouted, "Don't Kellie,"(that's remember at all times the responsiites, in their striving to reach their our fiveyear-old) 43 times. bility he has to direct the affairs of his

destiny, I humbly pray in the name of I spread bread with jelly 19 times. family, to be the loving father and the

Jesus Christ. Amen. Some of my youngest daughter's little companion for his daughters that he

friends were visiting with her at the basically wants to be but sometimes time. forgets to be because of busy schedules.

WRITTEN WITH I stopped 9 different quarrels. I have been so impressed today with

TOES IN THE SAND I wiped noses 12 times. the thoughts and the feelings of our

BY CAROL LYNN WRIGHT I tied shoes 8. Prophet, Brother Lee, President Tanner,

shut doors 53 times. spoken to and opened and others us conhave who I adore Why the sea II its fingers. 6 different cerning the bandaged importance and home

I sort forget. of 117 questions. role of the I answered father and mother and

Perhaps because it's so hugeAnd as well as I can figure at this this connection. As they talked to usin

Or so blue—point, I ran approximately 2'/2 miles about these basic issues which should

Or so marvelously wet. without ever going outof-doors. concern all intelligent thinking Ameri502 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

cans, I was reminded of one of the mother as a parttime disciplinarian. Ninth, thou shalt walk uprightly befiner studies that was made some years Fifth: the point of cohesiveness, tyfore men and make thy ways clean in

ago by Dr. Sheldon and Eleanor ing it all together, which depicts again the sight of thy God, for thy children

Glueck, a husband and wife sociology the wisdom that has come from on doth follow after thy example. Moreteam at Harvard University. After high through living prophets concernover, take heed that thy children hath

much research and investigation of ing the Family Home Evening, the more discernment than thou sometimes many cultures, they developed a scale opportunity for mothers and fathers to thinkest and art more influenced by which could predict delinquency, and sit down and work out programs that what they see thou really art than by they concluded that there were five will assist the youth of our nation and what thou pretendest to be.

basic ingredients that assured successof the world to better ways of life, to a And tenth, thou shalt not forget thou ful living and happy homes. Their higher and more divine understanding wert once a boy. Neither shalt thou

discovery shouldn't surprise the Latterof our very purpose in the world. be unmindful that times have changed

day Saints because prophets of old, as I am so grateful as a father and as a very much since the days of thy youth.

well as today, have related these to us. husband for these things which have I am grateful, my brothers and sisters

Briefly stated, they suggested that if been revealed to us in these latter days. and friends, for knowledge of the

you want to have successful family May I just conclude by sharing with gospel of Jesus Christ, for its meaning relationships in your home, the mother you from the pen of an unknown in our home, and for this divine promust show affection for her children. author "A Father's Ten Commandgram which has been established to

Now much has been said from this ments"which I think have modern influence lives everywhere. May we

pulpit on many occasions concerning day application: be equal to the tasks as dads and

the role of the mother in the home, Thou shalt love thy children with husbands, as priesthood bearers, to and I would be the first to wholeheartall thy heart and hesitate not to maniraise up a generation that will bless edly endorse all these words as to the fest interest in and affection for them. this nation and this world, I humbly

influence of what that mother can be This is the first and great commandpray as I testify to the divinity of these and the need for her to be constantly ment. things in the name of Jesus Christ.

available to all young children. I think Second, thou shalt not make unto Amen.

by nature the mother more normally thee any graven images of thy busitends to give this basic love because ness, thy career, or thy sports, or any of her place in the home. likeness of pleasure, occupation, or

The second basic ingredient would pursuit in the heavens above, in thebe love shown by the father. And someearth beneath, or in the waters under No True Worship

times, this dad, even earth. shalt though the not we have down Thou bow

basic interest affection for serve so without Chastity thyself and them, our nor unto them children, we fail to display it in a way that thou forgettest to be a pal and a Mark E. Petersen

lives in the children.that is meaningful of to thy these chum

to sorryyoung confess Third, thou shalt not take the name Of the Council of the Twelve people. I am

there have been times in my socalled of "Dad"upon thee lightly, for Jebusy life when I have neglected this hovah will not hold him guiltless who very thing, thinking my dear wife has little regard for the responsibility Jesus of Nazareth was rejected by his would certainly fill in. I was brought of fatherhood. people. Sensing it keenly, he said one

up rather short some years ago by one Fourth, remember thy children's porday:

of my daughters when one Sunday tion of thy time and keep it holy. "O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, which killafternoon she took from my coat pocket Many days shalt thou labor and do all est the prophets, and stonest them that

my appointment book, opened it up, manner of work that thou mayest proare sent unto thee; how often would

and wrote her name; and as she vide suitably for all their needs, but I have gathered thy children together,

brought it to me she said, "Dad, I'm in that portion of thy day which beas a hen doth gather her brood under wondering if I can have an appointlongeth to them, thou shalt not do any her wings, and ye would not!

ment with you at two o'clock next work, neither shalt thou bury thy nose "Behold your house is left unto you

Sunday."I think you might appreciate in a book, betake thyself to the golf desolate...."(Luke 13:3435.)

in some small measure how I felt, and links, or busy thyself otherwise acFrom the beginning of time it has it was at that moment I began to take cording to thine own pleasure. been the tendency of mankind to drift

a serious inventory of my own life Fifth, honor thy wife, for thy chilaway from the Lord and to love darkand my responsibilities. dren loveth her dearly and cannot ness rather than light.

The second daughter on that same admire, respect, and love thee if thou It began when Satan came among occasion chimed in, and she said in display not loving kindness for her. the children of Adam and Eve and

almost an echo form, "Dad, why is it Sixth, thou shalt counsel and advise tempted them and destroyed their faith.

that you always have time for other with thy children in all things and The result was that many "... loved

people's children and not for us?"share with them the secrets of thy Satan more than God."The scripture

Well, I am happy to announce to this heart. explains that "... men began from that

marvelous congregation and all who Seventh, thou shalt be firm in thy time forth to be carnal, sensual, and would hear that I have attempted to discipline lest thy children stray from devilish."(Moses 5:13.)

right my life as a father and as a the paths of righteousness for the lack This departure from the ways of teacher in the home, and I am finding of thy guiding hand. But thou shalt the Lord was an apostasy, and since

as I found some years ago that what not even hold the reins of thine authat time apostasy has existed among our prophets ask us to do is right. I thority too tight nor fail to underUs almost continuously. While groping

bear fervent testimony of what this stand that thy children desireth and for the truth, men have made their can do in any home in America today. needeth more and more of that indeown religions, established their own

The third thing in this formula was pendence of action which becometh a moral codes, and have justified themsupervision, which the Gluecks basiman. selves in following them.

cally assigned to the mother but cerEighth, thou shalt have trust and It was so likewise in the days of the tainly included the father. confidence in thy children and be Savior. He fought against the manAnd the fourth: discipline from the patient and longsuffering with all made doctrines of his contemporaries

father, which does not exclude the their shortcomings. and said that to use them in worship

JUNE 1965 S03 was of no value, for they could save The article referred to 900 clergymen modern clergymen? Will he now withno one. He vigorously denounced the and students of religion recently draw from his position and say that he

sensual living so characteristic of that gathered at Harvard University's Diwas too strict for human nature and day. As a result, murderous schemes vinity School to ponder this socalled that he was not realistic?

entered the hearts of his enemies, and new morality. Many among those Has Christ changed his mind?

they sought his life and eventually clergymen expressed the thought that Is he less understanding than the did crucify him, so completely did they this new moral concept which fosters Reverend Mr. Wood in Baltimore?

hate the things of God, although prolicentious free love is what they call Does he know less than Mr. Wood

fessing to serve him in their own self- a "healthy advance", (p. 44) which about the urges, the drives, and the

invented manner. now will relieve them of the responsitemptations of adolescent youth?

It was not long before apostasy debility of living the strict moral teachIf Christ has not changed his mind, veloped within the Christian group ings of Christ. can the modern clerics change it for

itself. It occurred in various ways: An Episcopal minister, the Reverend him?

partly in doctrine and ritual and much Frederick C.Wood, speaking at Goucher Will he approve a reversal of his

in the daily habits of the people. College, Baltimore, told a group of teachings?

The Apostle Paul said that this young students, and I quote, that "sex Will he acknowledge the men who try is sex the characterized change? to makeapostasy was he recby mankind Will is beautiful—we fun—premarital ". ognize.. lovers of feeling guilty as. his their stop them servants? ordained ought to relax andbecoming own all

selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasabout our sexual activities, thoughts Will he accept the churches which phemers, disobedient to parents, unand desires."He was thus quoted by they represent? Will he call them

thankful, unholy, the Associated Press and newspapers his own?

"Without natural affection, trucewhich I myself read. These newspapers Will he say that the primrose path

breakers, false accusers, incontinent, published his picture with the article is now the road to heaven or that it fierce, despisers of those that are good, on his attempt to reverse the divine has become a modern version of the "Traitors, heady, highminded, lovers law. straight and narrow way?

of pleasures more than lovers of God; There are moves in at least two states Will he sanction the teaching of im-

"Having a form of godliness, but in America to ease up on laws regumorality to young boys and girls by denying the power thereof:..."(2 lating immoral behavior. Legislators men who claim to act in his holy

Tim. 3:2-5.) are being asked to rule that adultery name?

Usually when people speak of an should no longer be considered a crime, For any man to attempt to change apostasy from the truth they refer that homosexuals and other deviates the moral law is like trying to change to changes in doctrines or a repudiation should be allowed to practise their dethe Deity himself.

of certain beliefs. There has been an pravities legally and without restricIt is to ask the Almighty to condone

abundance of this. Such changes have tion, and that the age of consent for the petting, the necking, the wicked

resulted in the organization of hun- a child to enter public prostitution intimacies and perversions which go on dreds of churches with different creeds, should be lowered to sixteen years. in the back seats of automobiles, in

rituals, and ordinances, many of them This is not only true in America. motel and hotel rooms, and on park

being highly contradictory. Similar conditions are found elsewhere, lawns and beaches.

But personal sin is as real an aposwith some clergymen and high governIt is asking him to sanction the tasy as any effort to change the law or ment officials alike condoning and in illegal and murderous abortions which break the everlasting covenant. some cases encouraging licentious frequently follow.

Consider Paul's words again: covepractices. It is inviting him to smile indultous, proud, blasphemers, false accusers, This is one of the great evidences of gently and sweetly on misguided young

incontinent, without natural affection, the apostasy of mankind from the people as they sow the seeds of death lovers of pleasures more than lovers teachings of Christ. and hell.

of God. To reject or try to change the moral Easy morality is no morality at all.

In other words, personal sin is as law of God is to reject God. To leave And certainly where there is no momuch an apostasy from Christ as an the path of virtue as set forth by Christ rality, there is no true Christianity

acceptance of false doctrines and manis an apostasy from Christ. If any segeither.

made rituals. ment of Christianity attempts to No one can make free love a doctrine

But it is even worse when clergychange the moral law of God, it will and practice of the true Church of God, men, pretending to represent the Christ, attack one of the most basic precepts despite all that may be said by the compound their apostasy by actually of heaven and will thereby place itself 900 clergymen at Harvard Divinity leading people into serious personal in the role of antiChrist. School or by any other group of minissin, at the same time asking them to I ask you: Is God, who the scriptures ters or priests speaking before schools

practise creeds of their own invention say is the same yesterday, today, and and youth groups.

which have no power to save. forever (see Heb. 13:8), now changing I remind these reverend gentlemen

The Atlantic edition of Time magahis mind? Does Jesus no longer beof what their own Bibles say. Or do

zine, March 5, 1965, reported in its lieve what he taught when he was on they no longer believe the scriptures?

religious section that "the 20th Cenearth? He said that anyone who looks And if not, can they truthfully claim

tury's sexual revolution directly chalupon a woman with lust in mind comto be Christians—or ministers of a

lenges Christianity's basic doctrines mits adultery in his heart. Note that Christian God?

against immorality."The magazine he says that if we merely look upon Apostasy through immorality is at

then goes on to say: "Some progressive another with lust, it is immoral. least as bad as returning to paganism.

church thinkers now advocate a 'new Then what does he say about the God still says: "Thou shalt not commorality'to take account of these facts completion of that act? mit adultery;..."(Exod. 20:14.)

of life. What they propose is an ethic Does he call it beautiful as does this Christ still says: "... whosoever

based on love rather than law, in socalled Reverend Mr. Wood? Is the looketh on a woman to lust after her

which the ultimate criterion for right Savior now to retreat before the clerics hath committed adultery with her aland wrong is not divine command but who advocate free love? ready in his heart."(Matt. 5:28.)

the individual's subjective perception Is he to admit that he was mistaken And Paul still says of those who of what is good for himself...."nineteen centuries ago and say that he deviate from the path of virtue into

(P. 42.) was not as well informed as these some of the great perversions, "... they

S04 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA which commit such things are worthy for it and thus obtain this great blessSicily which appeared some weeks ago of death...."(Rom. 1:2632.) ing, I earnestly pray in the name of in our local newspapers? "Five brothers

Let our socalled progressive Christhe Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. blind since birth got their first dim

tians beware, lest like the ancient glimpse of the world Tuesday and cried scribes and Pharisees they find that Monday Morning Session, with delight."The Rotolo brothers

their house, too, has become desolate. April 5, 1965. were operated on for removal of conIn this modern day God has restored genital cataracts. As the surgeon, Luigi

his pure gospel and his divine Church. Picardo, carefully removed their banAgain he teaches the truth about himdages in a darkened room, how he

self and the way to come back into his hoped and prayed that his work had presence. been successful.

Part of that restoration is a restateThe first to speak was fouryear-old ment of the moral law. Calogero, the youngest of the brothers.

Again comes his precept command- "The necktie,"he cried, tugging at the ing: "... be ye clean, that bear the surgeon's tie. "I can see, I can see."The

vessels of the Lord."(Isa. 52:11.) removal of the bandages from the

Again he appeals for virtue—comothers'eyes was accompanied by shouts

plete, chaste, unblemished purity—on of joy. The boys'father could hardly

the part of his followers, for no unbelieve it when he held thirteenyear- clean thing can come into his presence. When Jesus walked and taught among old Carmelo's face in his hands and

By modern revelation he tells us that men, he spoke in language easily tenderly asked, "Can you see, my son?

sex sin is next to murder in the divine understood. Whether he was journeyCan you really see?"

category of crime. (See Alma 39:5.) ing along the dusty way from Perea to By now, Mother Rotolo, the doctors,

Virtue is as much a part of the reJerusalem, addressing the multitude on everyone was weeping for joy. Dr.

stored gospel as baptism and the resurthe shore of the Sea of Galilee, or Picardo replaced the bandages and rection. pausing beside Jacob's well in Samaria, slowly walked out of the room. Then

Chastity is as vital to us as the law he taught in parables. Jesus spoke he sat down on a bench and wept.

and the prophets. frequently of having hearts that could "Never,"he said, "have I felt such

The work of God cannot abide in know and feel, ears that were capable extraordinary serenity; such happithe midst of iniquity. His people must of hearing, and eyes that could truly ness."Thus a skilled surgeon actually

not partake of the sins of Babylon or see. Today as I gaze into this vast brought the gift of sight to five little

they will cease to be his people. Althrong and partake of the spirit of this boys who had been blind.

though we are in the world we cannot conference, I give thanks to our Each of us knows those who do not indulge in its corruption. Heavenly Father for eyes that see, ears have sight. We also know many others

We Latterday Saints have a great that hear, and a heart that knows and who walk in darkness at noonday.

modern message. We announce that feels. Those in this latter group may never

God has appeared in our day. He has One not so blessed with the gift of carry the usual white cane and careraised up modern prophets who speak sight was the blind man who, in an fully make their way to the sound of its

for him, even as did Moses. effort to sustain himself, sat day in and familiar tap, tap, tap. They may not

He has established his Church again day out in his usual place at the edge have a faithful seeingeye dog by their in this generation. of a busy sidewalk in one of our large side nor carry a sign about their neck

He is rearing a new and modern cities. In one hand he held an old which reads, "I am blind."But blind

people, a priestly nation, a people of felt hat filled with pencils. A tin cup they surely are. Some have been

virtue and purity. was extended by the other hand. His blinded by anger, others by indifferWe have hundreds of thousands of simple appeal to the passerby was ence, by revenge, by hate, by prejudice,

youth in this heavenblessed Church, brief and to the point. It had a certain by ignorance, by neglect of precious

and they must be taught the restored finality to it, almost a tone of despair. opportunities.

truth. But they must know that this The message was contained on the Of such the Lord said, "... their ears

truth includes virtue as well as worship small placard held about his neck by are dull of hearing, and their eyes they and that there can be no true wor- a string. It read, "I am blind."have closed; lest at any time they

ship without chastity. Most did not stop to buy his pencils should see with their eyes, and hear

With all my soul I appeal to the or to place a coin in the tin cup. They with their ears, and should understand

youth of Zion: were too busy, too occupied by their with their heart, and should be conBelieve with all your heart in the own problems. That tin cup never had verted, and I should heal them."(Matt.

restored gospel as given us through the been filled nor even halffilled. Then 13:15.)

Prophet Joseph Smith. Believe that one beautiful spring day a man paused Well might such lament, "It is

this restored gospel is the way of truth and with a marking crayon added springtime, the gospel of Jesus Christ and joy. Know that wickedness never several new words to the shabby sign. has been restored, and yet I am blind."

was happiness, but that obedience and No longer did it read, "I am blind."Some like the friend of Philip of old

chastity lead to the abundant life. Now the message read, "It is springcall out, "How can I find my way but

Know that virtue is a vital part of time, and I am blind."The compassion some man guide me."(See Acts 8:31.)

the restored gospel and can never be of human feelings could not now be Others are too shy, too fearful to ask separated from it. restrained. The cup was soon filled to for needed help that their precious

Know and understand that no man overflowing. Perhaps the busy people vision might be restored.

or set of men, whether clergymen, eduwere touched by Charles L. O'Donnell's The case of the Rotolo brothers made

cators, or government officials, can exclamation: national headlines. In literally thouchange divine law. They are neither "I have never been able to* school sands of other instances, the transition

greater nor more intelligent than the my eyes against young April's blue surfrom the dense darkness of despair to

Almighty. prise."To each, however, the coins glorious spiritual light is accomplished

The Lord asks you to be as clean as were a poor substitute for the desired without fanfare, without publicity, he is, so that you may be fit to enter ability to actually restore sight. without the recognition of the world.

into his presence and become like him, Did you happen to notice the United In Price, Utah, seventysix men tofor that is your destiny. May you live Press International dispatch from gether with their wives and children

JUNE I96S 505 walked from darkness into the light of realization. passion towards them. Such feelings

understanding and truth and journeyed The catalyst in this process has been are not compatible with the word of to the Manti Temple, there to particithe principle of love, described by the Lord. He said:

pate for the first time in sacred, holy President David O. McKay as the "... A certain man had two sons:

ordinances. More than three hundred noblest attribute of the human soul. "And the younger of them said to

such men, women, and children came Frequently the love of a child can his father, Father, give me the portion to the Salt Lake Temple from Denver, stir a man's heart to action and bring of goods that falleth to me. And he

Colorado, for the same purpose. In a change into his life. Last winter in divided unto them his living.

Rigby, Idaho; Cardston, Alberta; and a large department store, a little boy "And not many days after the

numerous other areas the account has walked hand in hand with his mother younger son gathered all together, and been the same. Hundreds are seeing and father to the toy department to took his journey into a far country, and

springtime for the first time. see Santa Claus. The parents had not there wasted his substance with riotous

Let me share with you two typical been getting along. As the little one living.

comments from those who were once climbed upon his knee, old Santa "And when he had spent all, there blind but who now walk in light and cheerfully asked, "What do you want arose a mighty famine in that land;

truth, thanks to faithful home teachers for Christmas?"Santa had no ready and he began to be in want.

and a program sometimes called "Projanswer when the lad replied, "Just for "And he went and joined himself to ect Temple,"which is planned and my daddy to love my mommy like he a citizen of that country; and he sent

instituted to motivate brethren long used to."Could a father hear such a him into his fields to feed swine.

inactive. plea and not be moved? Could a "And he would fain have filled his

From a family in central Utah: "Bemother? "... a little child shall lead belly with the husks that the swine did

fore our newly found church activity, them."(Isa. 11:6.) eat: and no man gave unto him.

we thought we were living average, Often it is the love of a patient, for- "And when he came to himself, he normal lives. We had our problems, giving, and understanding wife that said, How many hired servants of my

our ups and downs. But there was one awakens within a man the desire to father's have bread enough and to

thing missing in our home and that live a better life, to be the husband spare, and I perish with hungerl was a togetherness that only the priestand the father he knows he should and "I will arise and go to my father, and hood can bring. Now we have that can be. will say unto him, Father, I have

blessing, and our love for one another Recently I had the privilege of persinned against heaven, and before thee, is greater than we ever dreamed it forming a sealing ceremony in the "And am no more worthy to be could be. We are truly happy."temple for a family I have known for called thy son: make me as one of

From another family: "We thank many years. The scene was one of tranthy hired servants. -

our Heavenly Father every night for quility. The cares of the outside world "And he arose, and came to his

our bishopric and our home teachers had been temporarily discarded. The father. But when he was yet a great

who have helped us to achieve blessquiet and peace of the house of the way off, his father saw him, and had ings that seemed so far away, so imposLord filled the heart of each one compassion, and ran, and fell on his sible to obtain. We now have a peace assembled in the room. I knew that this neck, and kissed him.

of mind beyond description."particular couple had been married for "And the son said unto him, Father,

Those who have felt the touch of eighteen years and had never before I have sinned against heaven, and in the Master's hand somehow cannot been to the temple. I turned to the thy sight, and am no more worthy to

explain the change which comes into husband and asked, "Jack, who is rebe called thy son.

their lives. There is a desire to live sponsible for bringing this glorious "But the father said to his servants,

better, to serve faithfully, to walk event to fulfilment?"He smiled and Bring forth the best robe, and put it on

humbly, and to live more like the silently pointed to his precious wife him; and put a ring on his hand, and

Savior. Having received their spiritual who sat by his side. I seemed to sense shoes on his feet:

eyesight and glimpsed the promises of that this lovely woman was never "And bring hither the fatted calf, eternity, they echo the words of the more proud of her husband than at and kill it; and let us eat, and be

blind man to whom Jesus restored that particular moment. Jack then dimerry:

sight, "... one thing I know, that, rected my attention to one of the "For this my son was dead, and is

whereas I was blind, now I see."(John brethren serving as witness to this alive again; he was lost, and is

9:25.) ceremony and likewise acknowledged found...."(Luke 15:1124.)

How can we account for these mirathe great influence for good that he Should there be anyone who feels he cles? Why the upsurge of activity in had had upon his life. As the three is too weak to change the onward and

men long dormant? The poet speaking beautiful children were sealed to their downward moving course of his life

of death wrote, "God touched him, and parents, I could not help noticing the or should there be those who fail to he slept."I say, speaking of this new tears which welled up in the eyes of resolve to do better because of that

birth, "God touched them, and they the teenage daughter and then coursed greatest of fears, the fear of failure, awakened."in little rivulets down her cheeks, there is no more comforting assurance

Two fundamental reasons largely acfinally tumbling upon clasped hands. to be had than the words of the Lord:

count for these changes of attitudes, of These were sacred tears, tears of su- "... my grace is sufficient for all men

habits, of actions. preme joy, tears that expressed silent that humble themselves before me; for

First, men have been shown their but eloquent gratitude of a tender if they humble themselves before me, eternal possibilities and have made heart too full to speak. and have faith in me, then will I make

the decision to achieve them. Men can- I found myself thinking, "Oh, that weak things become strong unto them."

not really long rest content with medisuch men and women would not wait (Ether 12:27.)

ocrity once they see excellence is within eighteen long years to receive this There are men and women everytheir reach. priceless blessing."where who would be made better by

Second, other men and women and, Yet there are those who feel that our helping hand. They may be our

yes, young people have followed the their own neglect, their bad habits, neighbors, our friends, our business admonition of the Savior and have their shunning of the righteous life associates. All are our brothers and

loved their neighbors as themselves and have caused God to abandon them, sisters.

helped to bring their neighbors'dreams that he will no longer hear their pleadThe prayer of my heart is that such to fulfilment and their ambitions to ings, nor see their plight, nor feel compersons everywhere will respond to

506 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the kind invitation and gentle touch said that a dualism bisects nature. Wilful wrong teaching, wrong exof the Master's hand and faithfully It can be seen in night and day, or in ample, wrong utterance, wrong action

serve our Lord and our Savior, who so a magnet with north and south poles. by those of influence are offenses to

willingly died that we might forever One attracts; the other repels. Our any youth, and the retribution follows

live, hopefully having eyes that really society, therefore, may be considered as night the day that "no man ever see, ears that truly hear, and responsive dualistic also. At the top is the light did a designed injury to another, but at

hearts that know and feel, in the name of our age. At the bottom is a creepthe same time he did a greater to himof Jesus Christ. Amen. ing, crawling, cancerous disease of self."(Henry Home, "Injury,"The

crime, filth, and darkness. With unNew Dictionary of Thoughts.)

limited goods, seemingly our every Many college students, as well as want and need provided for, our conhigh school students, become confused tinuing mastery over disease, our ever when some of their professors, in their enlarging Beware higher learning—withsystem of educationall this andand toimportantindoctrinatepositionsthem withof influence,philosophiestry

of the Leaven more we seem to be so independent of men with atheistic ideas. Such teachthat we are confident that all is right. ers may be described as wells without

Bishop John H. Vandenberg Yet lurking beside us, apparent to the water. They are very forceful in their

Presiding Bishop one who will intelligently observe, is distorted view and in their criticisms a monster as described by Alexander of those who possess faith in God. I

Pope: would remind young people to re-

A historian informs us that about 100 "Vice is a monster of so frightful mien, member that God is the author of all years BC a new milling apparatus had As to be hated needs but to be seen; truth and to disregard any teaching

been invented by a master craftsman Yet seen too oft, familiar with her face, that conflicts with the word of God.

in the hills of the Fertile Crescent. We first endure, then pity, then emUniversities and other centers of

With this new contrivance the grain brace."(Essay on Man.) learning are set up by inspiration for

was ground into flour by a swiftThe ratio to which people are subthe betterment of mankind. But the

moving stream turning a paddle wheel jected to evil influences versus good "dualism"spoken of by Emerson exists rather than by the laborious method influences is high in favor of the evil. at all levels. When you have questions

of rotating the millstone by hand. Satan will use his agents in every as to religious matters, go to your parThus the power of a stream of water way that he can cunningly to lure ents or the bishop who have a knowlwas put to work. (Life Science Library individuals into his web. His agents edge of and authority from God. Ask

[Machines], p. 12.) are represented by people. And people them to help you consider such phiThe poet Longfellow referred to a influence the lives of other people. losophies as you may hear in the light

far greater power and a more signifiIt is estimated that by 1967 over of the true principles and help you to cant milling process when he wrote: fifty percent of the population of the keep and develop your faith in God.

"Though the mills of God grind slowly, United States will be those twentyfive Be alert and do not let men confuse yet they grind exceedingly small; years of age and younger. The worriyou into thinking that they know more

though with patience He stands waitsome thing is the exposure of this about man's existence than God's ing, with exactness grinds He all."young group to the evil forces of illicit authorized representatives.

(Longfellow, Poetic Aphorisms: Retrilove, drunkenness, crime, violence, unThe Lord speaks through his prophbution.) By this we are reminded that wholesome movies, dishonesty, risque ets, and his commandments so revealed

humankind is the grain being milled, literature, and all means of vulgarity. are taught by his authorized agents.

and the individual is a kernel of grain One is faced with the question in the History will bear out that when evil working between the opposing forces of Old Testament: "Can a man take fire principles are taught and faith in God

life. It is through the mill or experiin his bosom, and his clothes not be is destroyed, the people go down to

ences of life that man is to learn and burned?"(Prov. 6:27.) There are many oblivion; but when faith in God is

develop. Here he attains a certain dewho cast all common sense to the wind established in the hearts of men, the

gree of knowledge or skill, but it is and try to tell us that we can. There people flourish.

through discipline and selfcontrol that are those who may think they can Man himself must learn to reason he is refined. sit apathetically by and not be a part and to discern good from evil. Recently,

Today I want to talk particularly of the "era of advancement or the I heard a man in the process of reaabout the harnessing of power in conceller of crime."soning as he contemplated the movie

Savior's to the advertising like "for adults this to point ofnection mill with posed I would only."He life—the

". shall offend one several questions It acts. to himself, of.. whosopower of and words was the warning: some

words of the Prophet Jonah that saved of these little ones which believe in which were: Why adults only? Should

the great city Nineveh from destrucme, it were better for him that a milladults see things which are prohibited tion. The power of words has changed stone were hanged about his neck, and to children? If it is good for adults,

the course of history many times for that he were drowned in the depth of why not for the children? If bad for the

good and many times for bad. In the sea."(Matt. 18:6. Italics added.) children, why not bad for the adults?

words and acts men influence one anThis doctrine states it is better to lose If unlawful for children to see, why other. It is said that we are indiviyour life than wilfully to offend. not for adults? He finally reasoned if it

dually responsible for our own actions The word "offend"as used by the were not good for his children, it was and will receive the just reward for our Master means "to cause to sin or fall."not good for him as a parent. Such addeeds. "Every man will be judged acThis definition is now almost lost in vertisements are cunning lures of Satan

cording to his works"(see Mosiah our modernday language, but the as he attempts to influence and destroy 3:24) is the scriptural warning. Yet word was used with this meaning in ethical and moral values.

no man stands alone; one man's words the days of Christ and even up until a I read in the news recently of the

and acts may influence another man's century or two ago. wisdom a judge used in Iowa as he

deeds. Jesus also said: "Woe unto the world sentenced two juveniles on auto theft

The Prophet Lehi explains that there because of offences! for it must needs charges. I was thrilled that this judge

is an opposition in all things—light be that offences come; but woe to that took the time to give the following

and darkness, good and evil, joy and man by whom the offence cometh!"advice. His example may serve as a

misery. (See 2 Nephi 2:11.) Emerson (Ibid., 18:7.) challenge to all civil judges or judges

JUNE 1965 S07 in Israel who are called to give advice. "You will be a citizen of your state Remember that the mills of God

"Now you have been convicted of and country, but you will have no grind slowly, but they grind exceed- a felony,"he said. "A felony is a crime voice in public affairs.... ingly small. In every segment of sofor which you might be sent to the "Your country is calling men to the ciety, there are those influences which

penitentiary. In this case I do not have colors.... But the Army will never elevate and those which deteriorate

to send you to the penitentiary.... accept you, nor will the Navy. Military the human soul.

I am permitted to give you a parole. men are proud of the service; they will The Savior miraculously fed the

"But if you never see the inside of a not permit it to be debased by the enfour thousand. Then he crossed the

penitentiary or the jail you will not listments of convicted felons. Sea of Galilee and came into the coasts

have escaped from the penalties of your "I am granting you a parole. A of Magdala. There the materialistic,

crime. parole is in no sense a pardon. You selfcentered, and egotistical Pharisees

"... The record of your conviction will report to the men who have acand Sadducees came, tempting him to

will be here as long as the courthouse cepted your parole as often as they show them a sign from heaven. He

stands.... Next year, or ten years from may ask. Your convenience is not a observed that they could determine

now, or when you are old men, if you matter of importance.... the weather, but they could not disare ever called to be witnesses in any "Should the slightest complaint of cern the signs of the times. "An evil

court of law, some lawyer will point your conduct reach this court your and adulterous generation seeketh after his finger at you and ask this question: parole will be revoked immediately, a sign;..."(Matt. 12:39) warned

'Have you ever been convicted of a and you will begin serving your senJesus. Today we have some Pharisees

felony?'tence. You will not be brought back and Sadducees in our society, cloaked

"And you will hang your head and here for questioning or explanations. in the disguise and the influence of

admit that you have.... You will be picked up and taken to "professionalism,"urging youth not

"It may be that some day... you prison without notice to you and withto believe unless such can be measured

will apply for a passport.... No counout delay."(Deseret News, February in terms of materialistic values. In

try will allow you to become a resi23, 1965, p. A 15.) this mill of life we should heed the

dent.... A lesson well taught is a lesson well counsel that Jesus gave to his disciples:

"Some day you may seek a position remembered. I wonder what the two "Take heed and beware of the leaven

in the civil service of your state or of boys might have done had they had of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees."

your nation. On the application blank the influence of the judge's counsel (Ibid., 16:6.)

you will find this question: 'Have you before the theft, rather than the influThis I pray in the name of Jesus

ever been convicted of a felony?'Your ence that promoted the felony. Christ. Amen.

truthful answer will bar you from exParents, church leaders, and all who amination; an untruthful answer will aspire to positions of influence, teach

be detected because appointments are the youth the proper way to live; help

to investigation. faith in after develop a and only them Godmade The Book of to character; strong help good, day them "Some you may want to.. take.

a position of trust, where a surety bond follow the right influence, that they Mormon: Its Own

is required. On the application for the may retain faith in God. Guide thembond will appear this question: 'Have as Susanna Wesley, the wise and deSilent Witness

you ever been convicted of a felony?'voted mother of John Wesley, counPresident S. Dilworth Young

"And while you are going from one seled her son: "Would you judge of the Of the First Council

bonding company to another trying to lawfulness or unlawfulness of a pleaof the Seventy find one willing to take a chance on sure, take this rule: Whatever impairs

you, the position will be filled by some in tenderness your conscience, weakens One looks with awe as he contemplates applicant who has not been convicted your reason, obscures your sense of the history of the Book of Mormon.

of a felony. God, or takes off the relish of spiritual Today the account of how it was writ-

"In a few years you will be 21 and things; whatever increases the authorten is entirely plausible to most men.

others of your age will have the right ity of your body over your mind—that Because of archeological research it is

to vote, but you will not.... thing to you is sin."now known that writing on metal

plates was common in the time of Lehi.

Men have written on plates many times.

Prophets have sung their prophecies and recorded them, kings have told of their conquests, and ministers of state have described their relations with other nations. Even the common accounts of common people have been

inscribed. Written on metal plates,

leather, or papyrus, in languages strange to us today, all of these have come to our attention.

Men have gone to great lengths to certify their discoveries. "At this certain place we dug,"they would write.

And there were present others to verify discovery and to help interpret its place in history.

This was not so in 1829. At that time

books written on metal plates were known to but few men.

But nowhere in recorded history

For a quiet moment President Hugh B. Brown, Elder Harold B. Lee (center), has a sacred book been buried in the

and President David O. McKay confer. earth and then been brought forth by

508 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a miracle such as this one in which an people stop for a moment it should be and the work will then roll forth as angel of God visited a young man and available. It is possible that the Daniel prophesied until it fills the

pointed the way to the hiding place person who obtains a copy will not whole earth. (See Dan. 2:35.) That it

and then withheld the record until the read it, but sooner or later there will may soon be, I pray in the name of man was prepared to receive it. The be those who will see it, pick it up, Jesus Christ. Amen.

prophecies said that the latterday turn to the page containing its dework would be marvelous and wonderclared purpose, and then become lost ful. Seldom before has a single act in the spiritual message of its drama

its history. forth so in at. and brought marveling marvel With much to Man Does Not their souls to their hearts, in revelation theThere and wonder was the young

will peruse receive the fouryear period of they its pages,man; there was and Stand Alone

believe instruction; at its there the promise the providential end, and was

provision of scribes; there was the find the kingdom of God in this living, Henry D. Taylor

literal fulfilment of Isaiah's prophecy vibrant Church. Assistant to

in which a learned man said he could For a long time there has been a the Council of the Twelve not read a sealed book (see Isa. 29:11); vast project to make the Book of Morthere was the miraculous vision in mon available to everyone who can

which three men saw the plates and read. Quorums of the priesthood have After the earth had been organized and

heard the voice declare that this work placed it where people stay overnight beautified, the Lord created man in was done by the power of God; there or await their turn in professional his own image and after his own likewas the earthly view of the plates by offices. The high priests have done ness. And then the Lord God said:

eight earnest, solemn men who saw and this great service. Now, from here on, "It is not good that the man should be

"hefted"the plates and knew "of a under the direction of the missionary alone; I will make him an help meet

surety that the said Smith"indeed had committee of the Church, the sevenfor him."(Gen. 2:18.) Eve was then

them. (See the Testimony of Eight ties quorums are to continue this act created and given to Adam as a comWitnesses, Book of Mormon.) of love. On the firm foundation laid panion and wife.

With all of this the Lord asks but by the high priests, the seventies will The poet Longfellow beautifully exone thing of the reader. Read the Book now carry the work further and to pressed this relationship of husband

of Mormon honestly, prayerfully, with more and more people. No one, it is and wife in the following verse:

a desire to know its truth; and if the hoped, will be able to say that he has As unto the bow the cord is,

intent is sincere, God will reveal not had opportunity to read this witSo unto the man is woman;

the truth of it to that person by the ness for Christ. Though she bends him, she obeys

power of the Holy Ghost. To their Anyone who reads it with sincere him,

wonderment and marveling as they purpose and genuine desire to know Though she draws him, yet she discover its truths for themselves, the truth will have it borne into his follows;

many have read and believed. And soul that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, Useless each without the other!

further, with that testimony from the is the Creator and Redeemer of the (Hiawatha.)

Holy Ghost has come the assurance world. He will also know that Joseph The Lord's declaration, "It is not

also that Jesus Christ is the Creator Smith was a Prophet of the Living good that the man should be alone;

and Lord of this earth, that he is God, called by the Lord as the human..."(Gen. 2:18) has lofty significance.

mindful of all those who seek him, agent for the restoration of the gospel A babe born into this world is a helpthat Joseph Smith was a Prophet of in the last days. It will be a witness less creature, dependent on its parents

God and by revelation established this, to a work so marvelous that wonder for care, love, and sustenance. Then as

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterand joy will spring into the hearts of his life's cycle expands toward maday Saints. men as they respond to its message turity, many other people affect the

The young missionaries bear their and its testimony. course of his life. Association with

solemn witness; but as they do it, they In our day we see the fulfilment other youth and participation in their

do not stand alone, nor does a listenof a prophecy written more than two activities, schools, movies, television, ing person need to pin his hopes on thousand years ago: "Forasmuch as radio, and other media also influence

their word alone. In their hands as this people draw near me with their the individual.

they speak is the Book of Mormon mouth, and with their lips do honour One of the most vital forces in this which bears its own witness. It is as me, but have removed their heart far teaching or training process is that

if they said, "We have told you that from me, and their fear toward me is of the Church. Someone has estimated

the gospel has been restored; now here taught by the precept of men: that a boy fourteen years of age, raised

is a witness which will convince you "Therefore, behold, I will proceed in the Church, would have had apthat we speak truly. You will know it to do a marvellous work among this proximately twentyfive auxiliary and

if you read it sincerely."Those forpeople, even a marvellous work and a priesthood teachers and leaders who

tunate enough to follow this advice wonder: for the wisdom of their wise provided more than a thousand hours

discover that it is truly a witness for men shall perish, and the understandof gospel instruction for his benefit.

Christ. That is its chief purpose: to ing of their prudent men shall be Added to this there probably would be

bear witness for Christ to the convinchid."(Isa. 29:1314.) another twentyfive persons currently

ing of Jew and gentile that Jesus is Let us not falter in the effort to engaged in bringing the full program the Christ and that his gospel is for bring about its complete fulfilment of the Church to him.

all men. to the awe and wonderment of all Although one is born alone and dies

The number of people who have men in this day. alone and is free to live, think, feel,

picked up the book by chance, read it, The Church is carrying forth its and act by himself, he needs help in and become converted to its message assigned work to teach repentance and reaching his highest possible potential.

has been very great. It is a silent witsalvation to the world, and its beckonHe cannot do it fully by himself.

ness, on duty twentyfour hours every ing arms say, "Come."President David As members of the Church, we are

day in many unexpected places. But O. McKay is the prophet of God on traveling along the same highway,

to do its most effective work it must whom rests the responsibility to guide each one working out his own salvabe in many more. Every home should the work today. It is our equal retion, with exaltation and eternal life

have it in its library; every place sponsibility to assist him all we can, in the celestial kingdom as the goal.

JUNE 1965 509

Yet in this striving process we are not we associate together, giving us a feeldeemer. This is your responsibility,

alone; we gain and give strength and ing of brotherhood and unity, a sense your obligation, your mission, your

encouragement to each other. It has of belonging—belonging to one another privilege. May you fulfil all of these

been aptly stated: "No man is an and to the kingdom of God. The joys opportunities humbly and nobly, I

island; no man stands alone."(John we feel are many, many times greater pray in the name of the Lord Jesus

Donne. than if we attempted to work and Christ. Amen.

But there are those who feel that worship alone.

they have no need for anyone else, It was not meant that we should that they are sufficient unto themstand alone. No one is an island. We

selves. Such persons claim, for inneed to be in fellowship with the

stance, that it is not necessary to attend Saints. By them our lives can be made "And God Spake

with better mingle Recently I meetings heardchurch and richer. and

point. this of All These Words..'1 1\ suggest that they can woran incident which illustratesothers. They

invitation extended in the boy anship alone was mountains, in the A to Howard W. Hunter

his visit outof-doors. in uncle a lumberjack thecanyons, who was

It is true that momentous events up in the Northwest. For months the Of the Council of the Twelve

have transpired out in nature. Moses boy had looked forward with anticiheard the voice of the Lord from the pation to this trip as an exciting adburning bush on the hillside and also venture. Finally the time came for his The beginnings of most of the religions

received the Ten Commandments on journey to> the vast timber empire of of the world are somewhat obscure,

Mt. Sinai. Joseph Smith was blessed our country. His uncle met him at the and this is true of the beginnings of

with the actual visitation from God depot, and as the two pursued their Israel's religion. The central event

the Father and the Lord Jesus Christ way to the lumber camp, the boy was upon which all of the early stories in the Sacred Grove. The spirit of worimpressed by the enormous size of the converge is the exodus of Israel from

ship was surely present on those haltrees on every hand. There was a Egypt. A series of events occurred

lowed occasions. The Savior taught that gigantic tree which he observed standwhich demonstrates the concern of the

secret prayer is efficacious when he ing all alone on the top of a small hill. Lord for his children. The Hebrews

suggested: "... when thou prayest, The boy, full of awe, called out exbelieve that their God had made himenter into thy closet, and when thou citedly, "Uncle George, look at that self known to them at the hour of

hast shut thy door, pray to thy Father big tree! It will make a lot of good their deepest need by providing a

which is in secret; and thy Father lumber, won't it?"liberation from their taskmasters, the

which seeth in secret shall reward thee Uncle George slowly shook his head, Pharaohs of Egypt. The Lord called

openly."(Matt. 6:6.) then replied, "No, son, that tree will Moses to lead them. It was not an easy

Even though Moses, Joseph Smith, not make a lot of good lumber. It assignment to lead people who wavered

and the Master all worshiped as indimight make a lot of lumber but not between faith and doubt, obedience viduals and prayed secretly, yet each a lot of good lumber. When a tree and defiance.

indicated the need for group worship. grows off by itself, too many branches Military strategy did not deliver the

The Lord had Moses set up the maggrow on it. Those branches produce children of Israel from the pursuing

nificent Tabernacle in the wilderness; knots when the tree is cut into lumber. Egyptian armies at the Sea of Reeds,

the Prophet Joseph was directed to The best lumber comes from trees but the protection of the Lord, who build churches and temples and estabthat grow together in groves. The separated the waters so that they might

lish a group educational system; and trees also grow taller and straighter pass over dryshod and escape. He

the Savior established his church when they grow together."came to their rescue from the pillar of

organization for the purpose of "perIt is so with people. We become cloud and fire. He sustained them in

fecting... the saints, for the work of better individuals, more useful timber their needs as they moved across the

the ministry...."(Eph. 4:12.) We when we grow together rather than Sinai Peninsula. When they suffered

have received from God many comalone. from thirst, he caused the waters to be

mandments that require participation This growing together places a remade sweet. To relieve them from

together as church members. The Lord sponsibility upon each one of us. We hunger, he provided quail and manna.

has said: should try fully to appreciate all our In spite of these great manifestations,

"And that thou mayest more fully associates, help them, love them, teach Moses was besieged with the constant keep thyself unspotted from the world, them the gospel of the Lord Jesus task of preserving unity and order. On

thou shalt go to the house of prayer Christ, his plan of salvation for them. occasions there were murmurings

and offer up thy sacraments upon my We are all the children of God. We against the great leader and attacks on

holy day; can help others; they can help us. his authority when they were delayed

"For verily this is a day appointed Together we can become valuable in reaching their expected goal of the unto you to rest from your labors, and timber in effectively building his land of milk and honey.

to pay thy devotions unto the Most Church in which we are blessed to After a long struggle the Israelites

High;..."(D&C 59:9-10.) hold membership. entered the desert of Sinai and estabAlso remember the instruction: "It Somewhere out there in the wards lished a camp at the base of the mounis expedient that the church meet toand branches and cities where you tain. It was while here that a marvelgether often to partake of bread and live are those who are lonely—lonely ous event took place. Moses had gone

wine in the remembrance of the Lord for want of the light of truth; lonely up on the mountain to seek divine

Jesus."(D&C 20:75.) for the association of those who reguidance in the solution to the probMany blessings come from assemflect the Spirit of the Master; lonely, lems which faced him.

bling with other members of the though they may not realize it now, to "And it came to pass on the third

Church. On fast day we are inspired be a part of the body of Saints that day in the morning, that there were

and uplifted as we hear fervent testimake up the kingdom of God here thunders and lightnings, and a thick monies borne. In Sunday School and on the earth. Don't let them stand cloud upon the mount, and the voice

other meetings we profit by the exalone in the dark. Go to them. Let of the trumpet exceeding loud; so that

periences and expressions of others. your life be a lamp to their feet. Guide all the people that was in the camp

Then also consider the value of the them till they stand with you and your trembled.

warm smile and hearty handclasp as associates in the gospel of our Re- "And Moses brought forth the people

BIO THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

out of the camp to meet with God; and divide the tenth in order to have ten ence to their parents, and are expected

they stood at the nether part of the commandments. History has well porto provide for them when disabilities

mount. trayed the calamities that come to the arise as their parents did for them as

"And mount Sinai was altogether generations of children when fathers little children.

on a smoke, because the Lord descended turn from the true God. On the other

upon it in fire: and the smoke thereof hand we see the blessings which come The sixth commandment

ascended as the smoke of a furnace, to children of righteous parents.

and the whole mount quaked greatly. "Thou shalt not kill."(Ibid., 20:13.)

"And when the voice of the trumpet The third commandment This commandment is in reference sounded long, and waxed louder and to the unlawful taking of a human louder, Moses spake, and God answered "Thou shalt not take the name of life. Life is one of man's most precious

him by a voice."(Exod. 19:1619.) the Lord thy God in vain; for the earthly possessions. Respect for human

After the happening of these events Lord will not hold him guiltless that life has grown over the many centuries on this awesome occasion, the Lord taketh his name in vain."(Ibid., 20:7.) which have passed since this law was

stood on the top of the mountain, and By this we are commanded not to enpresented, and it probably outranks

Moses was allowed to approach him. gage in false oaths or any irreverall of the other nine commandments

The seventy elders were permitted to ent statement pertaining to God or any as the one which has been given the move part way up the mountain, and of his attributes or common swearing greatest concern by mankind.

all others remained at the base. The where his name is used. Swearing or

Lord then proceeded to announce what cursing is usually the result of an effort The seventh commandment has come to be known as the Ten Comof one who is inarticulate to impress mandments or the Decalogue. In others. Blasphemy is a disgusting habit "Thou shalt not commit adultery."

Hebrew the Decalogue is known as which commands no respect. (Ibid., 20:14.) The Lord is concerned

the Ten Words because in its primitive with the sacredness of marriage and the

Hebrew form it consists of ten brief The fourth commandment family unit. This is not mere advice,

phrases, each only two words long. but a clear, concise, terse command-

"Remember the sabbath day, to keep ment given to apply to both men and

The first commandment it holy. women equally.

"Six days shalt thou labour, and do "Thou shalt have no other gods all thy work: The eighth commandment

before me."(Ibid., 20:3.) In Egypt the "But the seventh day is the sabbath

Israelites had been surrounded by of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt "Thou shalt not steal."(Ibid.,

people who worshiped other gods, but not do any work, thou, nor thy son, 20:15.) This commandment adds the

they had become familiar with the nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor sacredness of property to those conpresence of the Lord through the thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor cerning the sacredness of life and the miracles he had performed in bringing thy stranger that is within thy gates: sacredness of the family. This is

them through the Red Sea and deliver- "For in six days the Lord made the basic commandment on which the ing them from the Egyptians, bringing heaven and earth, the sea, and all that idea of private property rests. This

water from the rock, providing quail in them is, and rested the seventh day: is a prohibition against theft, robbery,

and manna when they were hungry, wherefore the Lord blessed the sabburglary, taking an unfair advantage and a pillar of cloud to direct them. bath day, and hallowed it."(Ibid., as a buyer or a seller, or any wrongful

This commandment to have no other 20:8-11.) act by which one acquires that which

gods was given as primary for man's This is a restatement of the law that is not rightfully his. It has been said

happiness, that he might give his existed from the beginning when God that man has a possessive instinct, but allegiance to his true Father. There rested after the creation. I have always his ability to possess has its limits. For

must be one supreme loyalty in one's been interested in the words "six days this reason the stars still are in their life to the true God. shalt thou labour."This appears to ancient places only because they are

'be as much a commandment to work out of the reach of predatory human

The second commandment six days as it is to refrain from work hands. In view of the present contest

on the seventh day. It is also interestto control space, we are not sure of

"Thou shalt not make unto thee any ing to note that this fourth commandthe future results.

graven image, or any likeness of any ment is addressed "thou, nor thy son, thing that is in heaven above, or that nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor The ninth commandment is in the earth beneath, or that is thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy in the water under the earth: stranger."Nothing is said about thy "Thou shalt not bear false witness

"Thou shalt not bow down thyself wife. Perhaps this is the reason that against thy neighbour."(Ibid., 20:16.)

to them, nor serve them: for I the after the big task of getting the children Primarily this commandment has referLord thy God am a jealous God, visitwashed, fed, dressed, getting her husence to false testimony in judicial proing the iniquity of the fathers upon the band's clothes ready, starting the Sunceedings, but it is extended to cover all

children unto the third and fourth day dinner, and arriving at church statements which are false in fact.

generation of them that hate me; herself nearly on time, mother does not Any untruth which tends to injure

"And shewing mercy unto thousands respond to the spirit of the opening another in his goods, person, or characof them that love me, and keep my hymn, "Welcome, welcome, Sabbath ter is against the spirit and letter of commandments."(Ibid., 20:4-6.) Unmorning, Now we rest from every this law. Suppression of the truth

der the bonds of Egypt, the Israelites care."which results in the same injury is

had been subjected to the worship of also a violation of this commandment.

the graven images prohibited by this The fifth commandment commandment. It might be noted at The tenth commandment

this point that there are some of the "Honour thy father and thy mother:

major Christian denominations of the that thy days may be long upon the "Thou shalt not covet thy neighworld which omit from the Decalogue land which the Lord thy God giveth bour's house, thou shalt not covet thy this second commandment pertaining thee."(Ibid., 20:12.) Children are adneighbour's wife, nor his manservant,

to graven images in its entirety and monished to respect and render obedinor his maidservant, nor his ox, nor

JUNE 1965 sti a

his ass, nor any thing that is thy This is the teaching of the Savior. creased and the winds began to howl,

neighbour's."(Ibid., 20:17.) To covet How happy the children of the earth we said, "This storm will be violent."

means to desire, to long for, to crave would be if these two simple precepts, As it broke with all its hellish fury, that which belongs to another person. which encompass the law given to we said, "This rain and wind have

The desire to acquire good things is Israel, could be observed. Hundreds of become a raging whirlwind."

not a violation, but the desire to take thousands of laws, statutes, and codifiThese are turbulent times. The newsthem away from another unlawfully is cations of laws have been written by papers give front page to everincreas-

a wrong. In this respect it is well for man in an effort to spell out man's ing acts of violence, and magazines

us to understand that good or evil comrights and duties in society, most of devote pages to the growing menace.

mences not when the act occurs, but which fall within the meaning of the Such stories are revolting in their simple sets his a thing. Lord, statement heart of the and one upon "Thou worldlinesswhen debauchery—remind-

..."there ing us that or the ten laws shalt love were Decalogue thy neighbour. shall be a day of The

inscribed on two tablets of stone. Just As one reads of the wanderings of reckoning, as the prophet said:

how they were arranged is not known, the Israelites in their quest for the "If my people shall sow filthiness but most students divide them into two promised land, this query comes to they shall reap the chaff thereof in the sets. The first division consists of those mind: Why did they not understand whirlwind;..."(Mosiah 7:30.)

laws which are concerned with man's and follow the prophet of the Lord? Insubordination reigns. Students rerelation to God. These are: no other As we think of the progress of man bel against restraints and limitations,

gods, no graven images, no blasphemy, over the centuries which have followed demanding socalled freedoms in sex and keep the Sabbath. Some have inand the great scientific achievements and social life. Youth, seemingly uncluded honor thy parents, while others he has wrought, we marvel at the adafraid of lawenforcement officers,

have put this in the category of the vance. But has man really achieved in public opinion, or punishment, run

last five, which are the laws encompassliving the simple commandments to wild. There seems to be an everin-

—thouing a systemshalt notof moralkill, commitduties toadultery,others Arelove wehis neighborstill wanderingand to lovein thethe barrenLord? creasingand youth.upsurgeVandalismof rebellioncontinuesin adultsin

steal, bear false witness, or covet. Sinai wilderness? open defiance of officers with everApparently the Savior had these two I humbly witness that Jesus is the increasing acts of violence.

groups of laws in mind, the first deChrist, the Son of the True and Living The Prophet Nephi looked forward fining man's duty to God and the God. Through his Church established to these last days and made some

second providing for a duty to neighin these latter days, the gospel as remarkable predictions:

bors, when the lawyer asked him: restored in this dispensation and the "For behold, at that day shall he

"Master, which is the great commandpower of the priesthood can come the [Satan] rage in the hearts of the chilment in the law? help needed by those who wander, to dren of men, and stir them up toanger

"Jesus said unto him, Thou shalt rise above the worldly level and live against that which is good.

love the Lord thy God with all thy the law of the Lord. This is our invita- "... and thus the devil cheateth

heart, and with all thy soul, and with tion to truth seekers everywhere. I their souls, and leadeth them away

all thy mind. pray that his Spirit may be with us carefully down to hell."(2 Nephi

"This is the first and great comand give us the desire and ability to 28:2021.)

mandment. live his laws, in the name of Jesus Then, he warns: "... wo unto all

"And the second is like unto it, Christ. Amen. those who tremble, and are angry beThou shalt love thy neighbour as thycause of the truth of God!"(Ibid.,

self. 28:28.)

"On these two commandments hang Monday Afternoon Session, Can it be arrested? Can we turn the

all the law and the prophets."(Matt. April 5, 1965. tide and bring back decency and order

22:3640.) out of chaos? The answer is yes—

This clear, concise, unmistakable repositive, stentorian yes. But the solustatement of the Decalogue reduces the tion is not easy. If it could be solved

ten laws, the "thou shalt nots,"as with money, people would tax themthey are often called, to two simple selves to curb it. If penal or correctionlove—loveadmonitions thecontainingLord andthe elementlove thyof albuildinginstitutionsprogramwouldwouldsuffice,be initiated.a great

neighbor. If additional social workers could preHe loves the Lord with all his heart vail, universities would add courses

who loves nothing in comparison of in social work. If courts and judges,

him, and nothing but in reference to attorneys and policemen, prisons and him, who is ready to give up, do, or penitentiaries could stop the onrush suffer anything in order to please and My beloved brothers and sisters and of delinquency, such institutions would glorify him. He loves God with all his friends: From the impressive keynote be dotted over all the land. But such

soul, or rather with all his life, who talk of President McKay, nearly every are not cures for the malady. They but

is ready to give up life for his sake and speaker has dwelt on the home and salve it over temporarily and effect to be deprived of the comforts of the human behavior in total or in part no permanent cure.

world to glorify him. He loves God in spite of the fact that no one knew The Lord has given us a plan so

with all his strength who exerts all the what others were speaking about. This simple, so costless. It requires a change

powers of his body and soul in the would point out to me that there is of attitudes and a transformation of service of God. He loves God with a great universal problem and that the lives. But the answer has always been

all his mind who applies himself only Lord is inspiring his servants to warn here though ignored by the masses beto know God and his will, who sees the world before the whirlwind strikes. cause it requires that sacrifice and

God in all things and acknowledges We were driving north on an Okladedication which men are reluctant to him in all ways. homa highway and noted the aftergive.

The love of our neighbor springs noon sun going out of sight behind the The scriptures outline this effective from the love of God as its source, and clouds. The grayness got deeper and program:

the love of God is found in the love more ominous. We said, "It looks like "Therefore shall a man leave his

of our neighbor. a storm brewing."As darkness infather and his mother, and shall cleave

512 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA unto his wife, and they shall be one The teaching of the children by the children. And it is available to the

flesh."(Abr. 5:18.) the fathers is basic from the beginning. people of the world regardless to what

"... thou shalt not covet thy neighThe Lord ordained it so. church they may belong. It provides a

bor's wife; nor seek thy neighbor's life."Though Enos had strayed for a formal meeting and a planned pro-

(D&C 19:25.) time, the teachings of his father pregram and consistent teaching of the

"... attend to all family duties."vailed, and he returned to worthiness. gospel of Christ with participation in

(Ibid., 20:47.) Enos begins his part of the record the reading of the scriptures and in the

Bring up your children "... in the as follows: program by the children and parents.

nurture and admonition of the Lord.""... I, Enos, knowing my father that Each child has his own scriptures. The

(Eph. 6:4.) he was a just man—for he taught organizational teachings may compleIn 1833 the Lord warned through me... in the nurture and admonition ment the home teaching.

his prophet: of the Lord—and blessed be the name The scriptures indicate that Jacob

"And that wicked one cometh and of my God for it may have had the equivalent of home taketh away light and truth, through "And I will tell you of the wrestle evenings, for it is recorded:

disobedience, from the children of which I had before God, before I re- "Then Jacob said unto his housemen and because of the tradition of ceived a remission of my sins. hold, and to all that were with him,

their fathers."(D&C 93:39.) "Behold, I went to hunt beasts in Put away the strange gods... and be

And then he offered the solution: the forests; and the words which I had clean, and change your garments:"

"But I have commanded you to bring often heard my father speak concern- (Gen. 35:2.)

up your children in light and truth."ing eternal life, and the joy of the King Benjamin from his elevated

(Ibid., 93:40.) saints, sunk deep into my heart."platform appealed to the parents: "And

The spirit of the times is worldliness. (Enos 1-3.) ye will not suffer your children that

Hoodlumism is on the warpath. SupIt is apparent that Enos received his they go hungry, or naked; neither will

posedly good youth from recognized greatest inspiration and training from ye suffer that they transgress the laws good families express their revolt in his own faithful father. And the teachof God, and fight and quarrel one with

destructive acts. Many defy and resist ings were frequent and powerful conanother, and serve the devil, who is

theauthority—secular,lawenforcing officers.religious,Respectpoliticalfor cerningHe waseternaldeeplylife.impressed, for he said the"Butmasterye willof sin,teach.. them. to walk in

of truth and soberness; ye—seems to be at a low ebb. Immoralthese teachings from his own father the waysity, drug addiction, general moral and sank into his heart—so deep, so imwill teach them to love one another,

spiritual deterioration seem to be inpressive, that now, as conviction of his and to serve one another."(Mosiah

creasing, and the world is in turmoil. errors pressed down upon him, he was 4:1415.)

But the Lord has offered an old proready to pay a heavy price for forgiveIsaiah follows with a plea and a gram in new dress, and it gives promise ness. command and a promise:

to return the world to sane living, to The supplication of Enos is written "And all thy children shall be taught true family life, to family interdepenwith a pen of anguish and on the paper of the Lord, and great shall be the dence. It is to return the father to his of faith and with a willingness to peace of thy children."(Isa. 54:13.)

rightful place at the head of the prostrate himself totally that he might In the command of Moses to the family, to bring mother home from receive forgiveness. His words are wanderers certainly there were the elesocial life and employment, the chilmighty and definitive. He could have ments of home teaching.

dren from neartotal fun and frolic. said merely, "I wanted information.""And these words... shall be in

The Home Teaching Program with its But he said, "... my soul hungered. thine heart:

crowning activity, the Family Home..."(Ibid., 4.) He could have merely "And thou shalt teach them diliEvening, will neutralize the ill effects prayed unto the Lord like so many gently unto thy children, and shalt

if people will only apply the remedy. pray, but in his eagerness for forgivetalk of them when thou sittest in

An early American prophet said: ness, he said, "... I kneeled down thine house, and when thou walkest

"I, Nephi, having been born of before my Maker, and I cried unto him by the way, and when thou liest down, goodly parents, therefore I was taught in mighty prayer and supplication for and when thou risest up."(Deut. 6:6-

somewhat in all the learning of my mine own soul;..."(Idem.) 7.)

father;... yea, having had a great How impressive his words! "Mighty Certainly here was family worship.

knowledge of the goodness and the prayer and supplication"is not the Then I remembered the forceful admysteries of God, therefore I make a usual prayer. The Lord's agonies in dress of President Stephen L Richards

record...."(1 Nephi 1:1.) Gethsemane, so long, so earnest, were several years ago when he called upon

This young historian was large in mighty prayers. all men to come home and assume their

stature, large in understanding, large in Enos wept out his pleadings "And rightful place as the head of the family.

desire, and mighty in power and... said: Lord, how is it done?"(Ibid., May I quote from his eloquent

righteousness. 7.) sermon: "Termites are permeating the

His great desire was to know the And the answer came: "... Because foundation of the kingdom—the homes

will of God, the purpose of life, and of thy faith in Christ, whom thou hast of the people—even more destructive

to persuade men to come to Christ. never before heard nor seen. And and elusive than those semiHe declared: many years pass away before he shall microscopic little animals that break

"... I did believe all the words manifest himself in the flesh;..."down our walls."(April 1958 general

which had been spoken by my father; (Ibid., 8.) conference; The Improvement Era 61:

..."(Ibid., 2:16.) What faith! And what was the 409.)

In the divine scheme every soul has source of this great sureness except He quoted from a thencurrent been given a father whose responsifrom home and parents? magazine article wherein the eminent

bility is not only to sire and provide This was somewhat comparable to judgeauthor gave a nineword cure the necessities of life, but also to home evenings. He said: for juvenile delinquency. With twentytrain for mortality and life eternal. "... I had often heard my father one years of his life a criminal lawyer

Undoubtedly Sari ah cooperated with speak concerning eternal life, and the and sixteen years a judge in the crimiLehi, but it was the father who called joy of the saints...."(Ibid., 3.) nal court, he was a recognized authorhis family together to teach them In this inspired program the parents, ity. The challenging nine words were:

righteousness. and especially the father, will teach "Put father back at the head of the

JUNE 1965 513 family."Ah! This is the foundation Certainly, if fathers are to be reone hath power, as yet, over you, and

of true family life. The article revealed spected, they must merit respect; if this is the cause of your affliction.

that criminal offenders under eighteen they are to be loved, they must be con- "... if you will be delivered you

years of age in Italy, France, Belgium, sistent, lovable, understanding, and shall set in order your own house, for

Germany, and Britain were responsible kind, and must honor their priesthood. there are many things that are not

for from 2 percent to 16 percent of President Richards further states: right in your house."(Ibid., 93:4143.)

sex crimes as compared with 35 per- "[Their wives] know that that priestTurning to Sidney Rigdon, the Lord cent for the United States. hood has true virtue within it—the charged: "Verily, I say unto my servant

The judge concluded that the pripower to bless, the power to heal, the Sidney Rigdon, that in some things he mary reason for the reduced percentpower to counsel, to make peace and hath not kept the commandments conages of juvenile delinquency in the harmony prevail."cerning his children; therefore, first set

European countries was respect for What great incentives the mother in order thy house."(Ibid., 93:44.)

authority, especially for authority in lias to honor and build up her worthy And then the Lord said: "What I

the home, which normally reposes in husband in the esteem of the offspring say unto one I say unto all; pray althe father as head of the family. (April when she knows that this contributes ways lest that wicked one have power

1958 general conference.) to the welladjusted lives of her chilin you, and remove you out of your

President Richards explained the dren. And what a great incentive the place."(Ibid., 93:49.)

concepts of home, fatherhood, and father has for rising to his tallest How sad if the Lord should charge motherhood, and stated this Church stature to merit the love and respect of any of us parents with having failed has always taught this exalted concept all members of his family! to teach our children. Truly a tremenof putting and keeping father at the And so, we plead with the fathers to dous responsibility falls upon a couple

head. A pity he did not live to see this return to their little kingdoms and with when they bring children into the

divine Church embark on this chalkindness, justice, proper discipline to world. Not only food, clothes, shelter

lenging, newly emphasized program of inspire; and we appeal to the mother are required for them but loving, kindly

Family Home Evening, transforming to help to create that happy family disciplining and teaching.

houses into homes and homes into relationship. I wonder what this world would be

heavens. In the great Home Teaching Prolike if every father and mother gathOne of the most provocative and program and Family Home Evenings, the ered their children around them at

found statements in holy writ is that responsibilities lie first and properly least once a week, explained the gosof Paul wherein he directs husbands on the head of the father. The wife pel, and bore fervent testimonies to

and wives in their duty to each other will assist. What true father would them. How could immorality continue

and to family. First, he commands the shirk this great privilege? What father and infidelity break families and dewomen: would shift the planning, organizing, linquency spawn? Divorce would re-

"Wives, submit yourselves unto your conducting such family programs? duce and such courts would close.

own husbands, as unto the Lord. What dutiful father would evade this Most ills of life are due to failure of

"For the husband is the head of the teaching, opportunity, and responsiparents to teach their children and the wife, even as Christ is the head of bility? failure of posterity to obey.

the church: and he is the saviour of the Nephi credited his father with his Of course, there are a few disobedibody. training as did Enos. It was the words ent souls regardless of training and

"Therefore as the church is subject which he had often heard his father teaching, but the great majority of unto Christ, so let the wives be to their speak which stirred him to a soulchildren would respond to such paown husbands in every thing."(Eph. hungering which brought him back rental guidance.

5:2224.) to spiritual health and landed him on And then, I think: Had Israel's

This is no idle jest, no facetious his knees for an allday, allnight comfathers and mothers done their full matter. Much is said in those few munication with his Maker. duty to their children, would Paleswords. It would appear from the scriptures tinian forests have vanished, their hills

Paul says, "as unto the Lord."that it was Jacob who trained his been denuded? Would they have been

A woman would have no fears of household and gave them their blessslain by their enemies, the sword runbeing imposed upon nor of any dictaings. ning through their land? Would their

torial measures nor of any improper Now let us see the other side. The power have been broken, their heaven

demands if the husband is selfsacri- scriptures condemn men and women made as iron, their earth as brass?

ficing and worthy. Certainly no sane when they fail to do their duty. Would hunger have stalked the land?

woman would hesitate to give subThe Lord punished the templeWould mothers have devoured their mission to her own really righteous worker Eli, charging him with the children? Would the people have

husband in everything. We are someserious sins of his sons. again been taken in bondage?

times shocked to see the wife take over And the Lord whispered through Had every father in Babylon, assisted the leadership, naming the one to pray, Samuel: "... I will perform. against by the mother, taught and trained

the place to be, the things to do. Eli all things which I have spoken little ones in the nurture and admoniHusbands are commanded: "... love concerning his house.... tion of the Lord, would that great city

your wives, even as Christ also loved "... because his sons made themhave been covered with sand and its

the church, and gave himself for it;"selves vile, and he restrained them corruption buried in the earth, its

(Ibid., 5:25.) not."(1 Sam. 3:1213.) springs dried up, its temples toppled?

Here is the answer: Christ loved In modern times the Lord said: Would drunken revelry have lulled

the Church and its people so much "Now, I, the Lord, am not well pleased them to an unawareness of their danthat he voluntarily endured persecuwith the inhabitants of Zion, for there ger? Would palms and willows wither

tion for them, suffered humiliating are idlers among them; and their chiland would lands be dried and desolate?

indignities for them, stoically withstood dren are also growing up in wickedWould Babylon have become a hiss pain and physical abuse for them, and ness;..."(D&C 68:31.) and a byword and would the wolf and

finally gave his precious life for them. To Frederick G. Williams, he said: the jackal, the owl and doleful creaWhen the husband is ready to treat "... you have continued under this tures be its only inhabitants and the

his household in that manner, not only condemnation; shepherd and the Arabian avoid the

the wife, but also all the family will "You have not taught your children haunted place?

respond to his leadership. light and truth,... and that wicked Had every Roman father been teach514 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ing his sons righteousness instead of and training them in the way of the fatherin-law to instruct his daughterswar and every mother making a home Lord. Every father and mother in inlaw in the rearing of their children.

for her children, had all parents asZion, and every Catholic, Protestant, I have never ventured into this field, sembled their children in their homes Jewish, Mohammedan, and all other and I suppose this will be the last time.

instead of the circuses and public parents have the same responsibility: Nevertheless, I would like to make one

baths, had they taught them chastity to teach their children to pray and or two suggestions.

and honor and integrity and cleanness, walk uprightly before the Lord! In every session of our conference,

would Rome still be a world power? It is my humble prayer that this the brethren have given us wise counCertainly it was not the barbarian from glorious world may yet be a reality, sel regarding family responsibilities.

the north but the insidious moral terin the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. I hope these young women have lismites within which destroyed the tened to this advice. If they will inRoman world empire. corporate these teachings in their lives

Had the parents of the world from and add a great measure of love—the

Adam down carried on their home kind of love in which these lovely teaching, evenings, into their home natural, togetherness their Mothers, Is Your childrenhappy, robust,can blossomspiritually sweet family andhome indistrong life as ordained Lord, the by would will have filled a great viduals—they

there a deluge, been world have responsibilities a Love Well Placed? measure of their as

Tower of Babel, a Sodom and GomorBishop Victor L. Brown mothers.

rah? Would the streets of Samaria ever Of the Presiding Bishopric Love can be misunderstood. Somehave been plowed or the walls of times love becomes possessive, someJerusalem leveled? Would there be times selfish. Of course, neither is true

oriental and occidental enemies today My brothers and sisters, as I sat with love. True love is always unselfish.

establishing military bases, accumuyou this morning, thrilled at the inspirOne particular story of a mother lating ammunition, inventing missiles, ing messages, it gradually dawned on who loved her daughter came to my preparing nuclear weapons? Would me that the address I had prepared attention. She loved her very dearly.

they be crouching as cats after mice, had already been given. As I placed it Her daughter wasn't very popular. She

waiting for the rotting process to dein my desk drawer during the lunch didn't have many friends. She was a

velop to the point of no return? Would hour, I thought of what I might say senior in high school, and her mother

increasing delinquency and rebellion should I be called upon this afterwas hurt because she was not popular.

cause them to wait while the progressnoon. Two experiences came to my In her desire for her daughter's popuing, softening illness would make that mind, each having occurred within the larity and in her concern—and I supdeath inevitable? last week. pose to her way of thinking, in her

In our own dispensation the Lord re- A week ago today, Sister Brown and love for her daughter—she decided

iterated his basic command to those I visited with our son and his wife, that, having been at home all her who brought children into the world a new mother. As we visited with our young life, perhaps the apron strings

when he said: daughterin-law and held this wonderhad been a little too tight, so they must

"And again, inasmuch as parents ful bundle of humanity, which had be untied. Consequently, this good

have children in Zion... that teach just left the presence of our Heavenly mother came to the city to arrange for

them not... the sin be upon the Father, I marveled at the expression her daughter to be enrolled at the

heads of the parents. of a new mother's love for her firstuniversity. She found an apartment

"For this shall be a law unto the born. I thrilled at the excitement, the near the school and rented it. It was

inhabitants of Zion...."(D&C joy, and the wonderment expressed by a little too large and a little too ex68:2526.) this lovely mother at having brought pensive, but nothing would be too good

"And they shall also teach their into this world one of the choice spirits if it would make her daughter popular.

children to pray, and to walk uprightly of our Heavenly Father. I thought how Then the mother went to the school

before the Lord."(Ibid., 68:28.) wonderful it would be if she could officials and asked for the names of

Home life, home teaching, parental remember all of her life that she has the three most popular girls at the uniguidance is the panacea for all the been entrusted with a child of God. versity. The only qualifications they

ailments, a cure for all diseases, a Just last evening we called at our needed were that they must be the remedy for all problems. other son's home. Not too many weeks most popular girls at school, and they

And in our land, if the home teachago, this daughterin-law presented us must have enough money to help pay ing by local leaders, crowned by the with our second granddaughter. This the rent. She found them. They agreed

home evenings with father and mother lovely little girl has been with us just to move in with her daughter. Then

enthroned, were the rule in Zion, long enough to turn over in bed and this mother returned home, happy in would not taverns be closed, and to hold her head up when held in our the knowledge that finally she had done gambling dens be boarded up, and liarms. As I listened to the gurgling all that was necessary for her lovely,

centiousness nearly eliminated, and laugh and witnessed her smile, my sweet, young daughter to become popuhoodlumism terminated, and jails reheart was filled. She is happy because lar. When the reports started to come

duced, and penitentiaries limited? her mother loves her. She knows her to her that this sweet, young, LatterWould we not be safe to walk in mother loves her. She doesn't know day Saint girl had begun to use

dark places and eliminate locks from because she has been told; she knows tobacco, she couldn't believe it. When

our doors and enforcement officers because of the way her mother holds the reports included liquor, it was infrom our streets if men and women reher, the way she talks and sings to conceivable. Why, her daughter had

turned home? her, and the way she lets her soul been taught the Word of Wisdom all

Oh, my brothers and sisters, the commune with the soul of her daughher life. And when she became insons and daughters of God, the memter. I couldn't help thinking what a volved with the law, it almost broke

bers of Christ's Church, the people of wonderful thing it would be for both her mother's heart. When she lost

all religious affiliations, the people of of these young mothers if they would her virtue, it did break her mother's all nations, let us take hold of this always remember where these children heart.

general panacea and heal our wounds came from. I think they will, because Mothers, is your love well placed?

and immunize our children against they love them. Do you wish for your daughters someevil by the simple process of teaching It is a very dangerous thing for a thing that you might have been, that

JUNE 1965 51S you might have missed in your life, or dreamed of since he was a skinny before you reach the end of it. But the

do you want them to grow to be fine seventhgrader and had worked for end will be better than the beginning.'

Latterday Saints with a set of stanalmost daily would be his, and he "But the young mother was happy, dards about which we have heard so knew I would trust his word. and she would not believe that anymuch in this conference. "With the class already cheering thing could be better than these years.

Mothers, is your love well placed? him for his performance, the slim, So she played with her children and

To you, my daughtersin-law, as you brownskinned boy shook his head gathered flowers for them along the rear my new grandson and my newest negatively. And in this simple gesture, way. And the sun shone on them, and

granddaughter, I hope you will teach I witnessed a moment of greatness. life was good, and the young mother

them to be honest and truthful. You "Coaches do not cry. Only babies cried, 'Nothing will ever be lovelier

cannot teach them to be truthful cry, they say. But as I reached out to than this!'

unless you are truthful. A national pat this boy on the shoulder, there was "Then came night, and storm; and

Scout executive once made the com- a small drop of water in each eye. And the path was dark, and the children

ment that one of the greatest problems it was with effort through a tight shook with fear and cold. But the

Scout leaders have is trying to teach throat that I told the class: 'This boy mother drew close to them, and covered

Boy Scouts to be honest when their has not set a record in the rope climb. them, with her mantle, and the chilparents are dishonest. No, he has set a much finer record for dren said, We are not afraid, Mother,

Let me just share with you a story you and everyone to strive for. He has for you are near; and no harm can

of a young boy whose Mexican mother told the simple truth.'come to us.'

taught him to be honest. I shall read "I turned to Bobby and said, 'Bobby, "And the mother said, 'This is better

it because if I were to tell it, I would I'm proud of you. You've just set a than the brightness of day, for I have

miss something: record many athletes never attain. taught my children courage.'

"Today I saw truth. For a moment I Now, in your last try I want you to "And the morning came, and there

lived and breathed in the great presjump a few inches higher on the takewas a hill ahead, and the children ence of truth and felt its sweetness off. You're going to break this record.'climbed and grew weary, and the

plunge deep into my soul. "After the other boys had finished mother was weary. But at last she

"I am a coach in a junior high their next turns, and Bobby came up to said to the children, 'A little patience, school. I work with 500 boys each day. the rope for his try, a strange stillness and we are there.'

This has been my occupation for over came over the gymnasium. Fifty boys "So the children climbed, and when

20 years. I enjoy it. and one coach were breathlessly set to they reached the top, they said, We

"Traditionally, I am supposed to be help boost Bobby Polacio to a new could not have done this without you, rugged, tough, crusty; yes, even a little record. He climbed the rope in 1.9 Mother.'

severe at times—and yet, underneath seconds! A school record, a city record, "And that night the mother looked

this exterior, feeling and understanding and perhaps close to a national record up at the stars, and said, 'This is a must exist if the job is to be done. for a junior high school boy. better day than the last, for my chil-

"Today was test day in climbing the "When the bell rang and I walked dren have learned fortitude in the face rope. We climb from a standing start away, now mistyeyed, from this group of hardship. Yesterday I gave them

to a point 15 feet high. One of my of boys, I was thinking: 'Bobby, little courage; today I gave them strength.'

tasks these past few weeks has been brown skin, with your clear, bright, "And the next day came strange to train and teach the boys to negotiate dark eyes and your straight trim, lithe clouds which darkened the earth this distance in as few seconds as body—Bobby, at 14 you are a better clouds of war and hate and evil, and

possible. man than I. Thank you for climbing the children groped and stumbled. The

"The school record for the event so very, very high today.'"(Permission mother said, 'Look up; lift your eyes

is 2.1 seconds. It has stood for three granted, Boy's Life.) to the light.'

years. Today this record was broken. To my wonderful daughtersin-law, "And the children looked, and saw

But this is not my story. How this I would encourage you to teach this above the clouds an Everlasting Light,

record was broken is the important daughter and this new son to be and it guided them, and brought them thing here, as it so often is in many truthful, to be honest. I would counsel beyond the darkness.

an endeavor in this life. you to have home evening right from "And that night the mother said,

"For three years Bobby Polacio, a this day forward, even though these 'This is the best day of all, for I have

Mi/j-yearold ninth grade Mexican small children cannot understand anyshown my children God.'

boy, has trained and pointed and, I thing that is said. They will feel the "And the days went on, and the

suspect, dreamed of breaking this atmosphere. They will understand, and weeks, and the months, and the years,

record. It has been his consuming pasas they grow up, someday they will and the mother grew aged, and she was

sion; it seemed his whole life depended bless your names for having taught little and bent. But the children were

upon owning this record. them the gospel in your homes. tall and strong, and walked with cour-

"In his first of three attempts, Bobby Now in conclusion, may I read "A age. And when the way was hard,

climbed the rope in 2.1 seconds, tying Parable for Mothers."they lifted her over the rough places.

the record. On the second try the "A young mother set her foot on the At last they came to a hill, and beyond

watch stopped at 2.0 seconds flat, a path of life. 'Is the way long?'she the hill they could see a shining road

record! But as he descended the rope asked. And the Guide said, 'Yes, and and golden gates and they flung wide.

and the entire class gathered around the way is hard. And you will be old "And the mother said, 'I have reached

to check the watch, I knew I must ask the end of my journey. And now I

Bobby a question. There was a slight know that the end is better than the

doubt in my mind whether or not the beginning, for my children can walk 15 their after the children foot height board at them.'had and been Don't be fooled by the calendar. alone,

If said, so very, touched. the missed, will children he 'You it was "And

are only as many days in always walk with us, Mother!'very close—not more than a fraction There

of an inch—and only Bobby knew this the year as you make use of. One "And they stood and watched her

answer. man gets only a week's value out of walk through the golden gates, and "As he walked toward me, expresthe gates closed after her. And they

sionless, I said, 'Bobby, did you touch?'a year while another gets a full said, 'We cannot now see our mother,

If he had said, 'Yes,'the record he had year's value out of a week.—Blair but she is with us still—she is a

si6 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA living presence.''(Stepping Stones Let us imagine, then, that you have parents in and their supervision of your

magazine, May 1946.) your car, everything to run it, freedom activities.

May God bless all mothers everyto use it. Dating leads to marriage. Marriage

where. May you teach the gospel to Suppose that one evening you are is a sacred religious covenant and in

your children. May wisdom garnish the invited to attend a church social. its most exalted expression may be an

love you have, I humbly pray in the "There are just enough of you to ride eternal covenant. Whatever preparaname of Jesus Christ. Amen. in my station wagon,"your teacher tion relates to marriage, whether it be

says. "You may leave your car home."personal or social, concerns us as memWhen they come to take you to the bers of the Church.

party, you suddenly remember your Now, I speak very plainly to you, my new convertible parked at the curb young friends. If you are old enough to

Youth's withback inthethetophousedown.andYougivehastilythe keysgo yourdate, youparentsare oldhaveenoughnot onlyto knowthe rightthat

are sacred obligation, the it but and they that father, put asking your he Obligation to to if it of the counsel as from the leaders under for it looks garage, in the may

Parents rain. Your father, of course, obediently Church to concern themselves with

Boyd K. Packer agrees. (It is interesting how obedient your dating habits.

Assistant to parents have become these days.) If you are mature enough to date,

the Council of the Twelve Later you come home and notice you are mature enough to accept withyour car is not at the curb. "Dear old out childish, juvenile argument their

dad,"you muse, "always willing to authority as parents to set rules of

I have appreciated, my brethren and help out."But as the station wagon conduct for you.

sisters, the marvelous counsel given pulls into the driveway and the lights No sensible father would lend your throughout this conference to parents flash into the garage, you see it stands new convertible to anybody, to go anywith regard to their children. I wonder, empty. where, to do anything, to come back

would you object, would it be in order You rush into the house, find father, any time.

if I ignored you for the next few and ask that very urgent question. If you are old enough to date, you

minutes and spoke directly to chil- "Oh, I loaned it to someone,"he are old enough to see the very foolishdren about their obligation to their responds. ness of parents who would lend their

parents? Then imagine, seriously imagine, a children on any such an arrangement.

No age is quite so carefree, so restconversation such as this. Don't ask your parents to permit you,

less, so potential as high school years. "Well, who was it?"their most precious possession, to go

Notwithstanding the outward turmoils "Oh, that boy who comes by here out on such flimsy agreements.

and nonconformity, these are years regularly."Actually the loan of the car would

of quiet inner growth. These are years "What boy?"not be so serious as you suppose; for

of silent, restless maturing. And it is "Oh, that... well, I have seen him should it be completely destroyed, it

to our youth of high school years that pass here several times on his bicycle."could be replaced. There are some

I speak. "What is his name?"problems and some hazards with dating

A few days ago I visited a large auto- "Well, I'm afraid I didn't find out."for which there is no such fortunate

mobile dealership and looked at many "Where did he take the car?"solution.

new automobiles. One in particular "That really wasn't made clear."When you are old enough, you ought

caught my eye—a convertible sports "When will he bring it back?"to start dating. It is good for young men

model with all of the fancy equipment "Well, there really wasn't any agreeand young women to learn to know you could imagine. It had pushbutton ment on that."and to appreciate one another. It is

everything and more horsepower than Then suppose that your father should good for you to go to games and dances a division of cavalry. And it can be say to you, with some impatience, and picnics, to do all of the young

purchased for only $7,100. How I "Now you calm down. He rushed in things. We encourage our young people

would have enjoyed a car like that here. He needed a car. You weren't to date. We encourage you to set high

when I was in high school! It occurred using it. He seemed to be in a frantic standards of dating.

to me that you may be interested in hurry over something, and he looked When are you old enough? Maturity

owning such a car. like an honest boy so I gave him the may vary from individual to indiDo you have an imagination? Imagkeys. Now relax. Go to bed. Calm vidual, but we are rather of the conine with me that I am your benedown."viction that dating should not even

factor; I have decided to present to a I suppose under the circumstances begin until you are well into your

typical teenager a car such as this, you would look at your father with that teens. And then, ideal dating is on a

and you are the one who has been puzzled expression and wonder if some group basis. None of this steady dancchosen. On the evening of the presentaimportant connection had slipped ing, steady dating routine. Steady dattion, I see that you are not quite loose in his thinking mechanism. ing is courtship, and surely the

financially able to run such a car, so I It would take a foolish father to lend beginning of courtship ought to be generously include free gas, oil, mainsuch an expensive piece of equipment delayed until you are almost out of tires,tenance, car anything your as teens. such will on an arrangement your

bills use; all of this, and the ticularly come belonged that—parto you. one that Dating should not be premature. You

to me. I am sure that you have anticipated should appreciate your parents if they

How you will enjoy that car! Think the moral of this little illustration, see to that. Dating should not be

of driving it to school tomorrow. Think you of high school age. It is in these without supervision, and you should

of all the new friends you will sudyears that dating begins—this custom appreciate parents who see to that.

denly acquire. of two sets of parents lending their Young people sometimes get the

Your parents may be hesitant to let teenagers to one another for the necesmistaken notion that the religious attiyou use this car freely, so I will visit sary and the important purpose of their tude and spirituality interfere with with them. I am sure they will be finding their way into maturity and youthful growth. They assume that the

reluctant, but because of my position eventually into marriage. Perhaps for requirements of the Church are interas one of the leaders of the Church, the first time you notice and you ferences and aggravations which thwart

they will consent. begin to resent the interest of your the full expression of young manhood

JUNE 1965 817 and young womanhood. them your problems. Have prayer with

How foolish is the youth who feels them before a dating event.

that the Church is a fence around love Stay in group activities. Don't pair

off. right dating. steady out. Avoidto Oh, youth, if The you keep him

is of the time a courtship to begin requirements you Light: Symbolcould know! when The

teens. to love from your are to have emerged and the highwayChurch

securely in your bishop, of God's Word the counsels guard rails fromhappiness, with Heed place, with guideposts plainly marked, from your priesthood and auxiliary Alma Sonne and with help along the way. How teachers, from your seminary teacher. Assistant to

unfortunate to resent counsel and reOne further thought. When we the Council of the Twelve

straint. How fortunate are you who talked about my giving you an autofollow the standards of the Church, mobile, that was makebelieve. First,

even if just from sheer obedience or of course, at that price it had to be. My brethren and sisters, we have

habit. You will find a rapture and a But even if I could, while you are in heard much during this conference

joy fulfilled. high school, I wouldn't because I think about the home and the family, and

Be patient with your parents. They too much of you. Your parents would be I am sure you all know that they are

love you so deeply. They are emotionvery wise to know what car ownership the units of civilization. A nation can

ally involved with you, and they may in high school contributes to school rise no higher than its homes.

become too vigorous as they set their dropout, to broken hearts, and to Bruce Barton, in one of his books guidelines for you to follow. But be broken lives. entitled On the Up and Up, tells about

patient. Remember, they are involved We have a son who is driving now. a clergyman who had recently visited

in a big doit-yourself childraising We have talked about a car for him. a parish where he had labored successproject, and this is their first time (That means he has talked, and we fully for thirty years. The old church

through. They have never raised a have listened.) We have put this off had crumbled, and the region round

child just like you before. by suggesting that if he has a car of his about had become a slum. The famiGive them the right to misunderown he must earn it. If it looks as lies he had known so well had been

stand and to make a mistake or two. though he may, I suppose we will have scattered to the suburbs, and the

They have accorded you that right. to pray that he has some kind of dechurch, of course, was closed. "What

Recognize their authority. Be grateful pression or another. In the meantime is left,"he moaned in selfpity, "to

for their discipline. Such discipline we will try as parents to be very genshow for all my labor?"He could not

may set you on the path to greatness. erous with the use of the family car. understand that everything was left.

An example of what a little disciWe will try to see that he is not Some of the people, their sons and pline can do is found in the comment handicapped. daughters, were left. To them he had

President McKay made at Merthyr Young people, "honour thy father preached Sunday after Sunday. He

Tydfil in 1963. "I was reminded,"he and thy mother": which is the first had built up their faith, enriched their

said, "of a visit I made home when I commandment with a promise, "that lives, and given them renewed incenwas in college. Mother was sitting on thy days may be long upon the land tives to live a righteous life.

my left, where she always sat at dinner, which the Lord thy God giveth thee."There is nothing more important

and I said, 'Mother, I have found that (Exod. 20:12.) than people—our own neighbors and

I am the only one of your children I bear witness that God lives. You are friends. They are precious in the sight

whom you have switched.'She said, old enough now to be told that we, of God. To reclaim them from way-

'Yes, David O., I made such a failure your parents, are children also, seekwardness and sin is our greatest obliof you, I didn't want to use the same ing to follow the authority and to gation. God loves them, and amid the

method on the other children.'relate to the discipline of Him. We changes which come and go, they still

(Church News, Sept. 7, 1963, p. 10.) love you, our youth. But more than are his treasures. I have concluded

Be open with your parents. Comthis, we respect you. In the name of that he is more interested in them

municate with them. Discuss with Jesus Christ. Amen. than in their possessions, like stocks

and bonds, houses and lands. We cannot fight change for we are living in

a changing world. Permanency has

few guarantees. There are things,

however, which do not change. Honor,

like truth, is not a composite thing.

It never changes. It is the light which

brightens our pathway. I suppose all

people have a degree of light within them. Sometimes it is very dim; sometimes it has been extinguished by evil

thoughts and deeds. The human mind

is darkened by the shadows of earth.

The word "light"appears many times in the scriptures, modern and ancient.

When it does, it is symbolic of truth, for God's word is truth.

It was on the Master's lips many times as he spoke and conversed with people. I read from his Sermon on the

Mount: "Neither do men light a candle, and put it under a bushel, but on a candlestick; and it giveth light unto all that

are in the house.

The Salt Lake Tabernacle is always well filled for each conference session. "Let your light so shine before

518 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA men, that they may see your good mindful of your duty to God and your body with his hands in that evil pracworks, and glorify your Father which fellow men. Your convictions have tice of petting. And shame on the boy

is in heaven."(Matt. 5:1516.) deepened, and your understanding of who would take advantage of a girl

To Nicodemus, the Jewish ruler who the gospel has increased; you have in that abominable practice of petting.

came to Jesus at night, the Savior was recognized the priesthood as the lifePetting leads to something worse. End

a little more explicit. He said, "... giving power of the Church; you have of Sermonette No. 2. The subject:

this is the condemnation, that light read the literature of the Church, in- "Be clean, ye youth of Zion, and stay is come into the world, and men loved cluding the Book of Mormon; doubt clean."

darkness rather than light, because and uncertainty have fled; doctrines I still have time for a storiette. A

their deeds were evil."(John 3:19.) and principles have been examined storiette is a very brief story. Someout—whenWhat happensa man, whena woman,a lighta family,fades otherand comparedchurches. Youwith knowthose thetaughtpurposein densed.times it Mineis a islongthatstorykind.greatly conor a nation departs from the standards and meaning of mortal life. You have Jesus told storiettes. We call them

by which they have arisen and sucanswered the questions which have parables. A parable is a fictitious

ceeded? Then all things go to decay. perplexed humanity for centuries, storiette. This one is true:

They build their structures on sand. namely: Whence did I come? Why am I have a practice of purchasing a

The winds of adversity blow. The I here? and, What is my destiny? Book of Mormon before I board a

storms come, and the structures You are composed and satisfied. plane or train here in Salt Lake City

tumble. Their hopes, their aspirations, The revival of faith and enthusiasm—more often it is a plane. The book

and their innermost feelings and in the early Saints and followers of provides me with reading material and longings are shattered. Their house is Jesus after the crucifixion and the material also for someone else, since

left unto them desolate. It is the resurrection is one of the marvels of I purposely leave the book on the

tragedy of an irresolute and misspent history. They too had investigated and plane or train. By the way, the last

life. examined. They were convinced by two or three times I have boarded a

Activity in the Church is the one what they had seen and by the promptplane, I couldn't find the stand at best safeguard; it is essential to growth ings of the Holy Ghost that Jesus is which the books are sold. Whichever

and development. Light does not penethe Christ, the promised Redeemer, priesthood quorum is assigned to protrate the dark places without some that truth had been personified before vide the stand and books, I wish it

effort and some solicitation. It requires them, and they recognized it. The would get back on the job.

the energy of individuals, personal proof was overwhelming. They could Returning from Los Angeles one

contacts, patience, diligence, and the not conscientiously deny it. evening after a stake conference, I tied

inspiration of devoted missionaries May we be true to our convictions. myself in a seat next to a window.

and teachers to spread the light and May we be loyal to our standards. I was tired. I dozed. A bit later, I sudto place the gospel message in the May we serve the Lord with a singledenly came to life in a seizure of

hearts of people. ness of purpose and live righteously coughs. I discovered the irritant. A

The gospel is a beacon light to guide before him and all men, I pray in man had strapped himself in the seat humanity through the journey of life. the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. beside me and was smoking the

It points the way. It inspires unselfish stinkiest cigaret I ever smoked, secondservice. It fills the soul with love for handedly. I was glad when the stewothers, and it is the pure, primitive ardess requested him and others to

faith preached by great men like Peter put out their cigarets. The plane, she

Paul.and said, takeoff. for ready just was But

Jesus outlined the road to happiness, Read the air, as in the as soon up we were he lite. for his It is gospel in of a way another, the puffed and he lit up

the foundation upon which you and in I Book of Mormon smoke he and when my direction;

must build our lives. There is no other William J. Critchlow, Jr. had finished it, he lit another. He was

safe and dependable road for us to Assistant to near the butt of a third one when I, follow, for "... strait is the gate, and the Council of the Twelve my dander up, decided to tell him

narrow is the way, which leadeth unto off. I was practically fogged out. I

life, and few there be that find it."turned to speak to him just as he

(Matt. 7:14.) President McKay, wherever you are, stooped to take something from his

Those who have spoken today and I love you. We all love you. briefcase on the floor. I waited.

in the past from the place where I I have been reminded that we are Straightening up he beat me to the now stand have testified to the dishort on time and long on speakers. punch—to the conversation, that is

vinity of Jesus Christ. His words are I would be happy were all of my time and he said: "Have you ever read this

solemn declarations of truth, and his given to Elder Hinckley, but maybe book?"I looked at it in astonishment.

life is a shining light to all the world. I should use a part of it. I'll pocket What do you suppose it was? It was

That light will never fade away, for my prepared speech. Now I'll be pre- a Book of Mormon.

"heaven and earth shall pass away,"pared for conference next year. "May I see it?"I asked. He handed

said he, "but my words shall not pass Let me substitute for it a sermonit to me, and I examined it and said away."(Ibid., 24:35.) ette or two. to him:

It will survive the harsh, superficial, Sermonette No. 1: Would any of "Yes sir, I have read this very book.

and bitter criticism of bigots and you who claim membership in The Two weeks ago I purchased this idencynics. In all of his assertions, Jesus Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday tical book before boarding a plane in

never minimized nor underrated the Saints, or who are assumed to be memSalt Lake City, and I left it on the importance of his message to the bers, go to a food store on Sunday, plane. I'm glad you found it and are

world. buy food, take it home, put it on the reading it."

Many of you who are listening to table, and ask the Lord to bless it? Well, you must know, from that

me at this moment, and I refer to the End of Sermonette No. I. The subject moment on, all the way to Salt Lake

Latterday Saints, have introduced of that sermonette is "Remember the City, the fragrance of his cigaret was the gospel into your lives. You have sabbath day and keep it holy."fine; it didn't bother me at all, and

tested it. You have lived by it. It has Sermonette No. 2: Shame on the I was sorry that I had to get off the

guided your footsteps and has kept you girl who would let a boy fondle her plane in Salt Lake City. I wished I

JUNE 1965 519 could have gone on farther with him I did. May you so find it, I humbly but I found myself drinking too much

because we were having such a fine pray in the name of Jesus Christ. coffee. Now I'm back to a pack a day."

conversation about the Book of MorAmen. He had the manner of an educated

mon. man. He held in his hands a business

If this storiette has a subject, it journal. He said that the report of the

would be "Read the Book of Mormon."Surgeon General had frightened him

You here in this building have read also, but then he had read counteractlistening in ing beit. There people statements. Perhaps, concluded, he may

the air I A Principle the relationship cigaret have noton read it. between smokwho

it. isplead read coincidental; find with you, only You may

asit as interesting did just the as the With Promise theing diseaseand cancercould on likely come man plane. Gordon B. Hinckley from the exhaust fumes we breathe.

I read the Book of Mormon when Of the Council of the Twelve Then with an impulsive display of

I was a young man. I read it on the selfmastery, he crumpled his halftop of a mountain down in southern smoked cigaret into the ash tray,

Utah where I was tending a theodolite snapped shut the lid, and commented, in the service of the US Coast and I seek the direction of the Holy Spirit, "Just the same, I wish I could quit."

Geodetic Survey. Finishing it, I felt that the things I say may be in harMy seat companion then spoke: "I'm

I had a fair understanding of the gosmony with the inspirational things to convinced there's some truth in what pel principles contained in it. which we have listened. I've seen and read on the subject. We

Once I sat with General Authorities To the Galatian Saints Paul wrote take the government's word for an of the Church and heard President these stirring words: "Stand fast thereawful lot these days, conclusions based

Joseph Fielding Smith say, in subfore in the liberty wherewith Christ on less convincing evidence than this.

stance, "Brethren, all of us have to hath made us free, and be not en- I don't believe you can deny the facts.

read the Book of Mormon. We are tangled again with the yoke of bondThere is a hazard in smoking. But I'm

asking the members of the Church to age."(Gai. 5:1.) having a terrible fight. I never dreamed

do it, so we brethren must do it, too."I thought I witnessed something of a habit could be so tough to break.

One of the brethren moaned, saying, this bondage recently while riding in One of them looked at me. "What

"Must we who have read it so many the lounge of a crowded plane with about you?"he asked.

times take time out to read it again?"three other men. I replied: "I've never used them."

"Yes,"replied President Smith, "we As the jet began the fast climb to its "How lucky can you be!"was his

can't ask the members to do something assigned altitude, I noticed that the response. Without wishing in any way

we are not willing to do."man across the table had his eyes fixed to appear selfrighteous, I thought the I turned to the brother sitting next intently on the "No Smoking"sign. same thing—"How lucky can I be!"

to me and asked him how many times The instant it went off, he reached for And I thought of a day long ago when he had read the Book of Mormon. He his cigarets. As he began smoking, as a boy I sat in this Tabernacle and

answered, "Fortyfive times."the man next to me became nervous. heard President Heber J. Grant speak

"May I quote you?"He clenched and opened his fists, with moving conviction on the "Little

"Not until I go home and check."looked out the window, turned to look White Slaver,"as he bore eloquent

The next day he told me I could at the man across the table, and his testimony of the Word of Wisdom as a quote him: "I have read the book fifty face reddened. The air was a little divine law. I was greatly impressed

times."That brother is Milton R. bumpy. I thought he might have been that day, and that impression gave me

Hunter. "I taught,"he said, "the Book frightened. I took a closer look. He was resolution.

of Mormon in seminary and institute a man of good physique, welldressed, Who could question the bondage in classes. That accounts for my reading immaculately groomed. He did not which these men found themselves?

it so many times."look the kind who would be frightened Our conversation indicated that all

How many times have you read it? by a little bumpy air. three were educated, able men who

Read it again. And this time read it Then the fourth member of our made important decisions every day.

slowly, so you can digest the spiritual quartet took a pack of cigarets from But in a matter admittedly affecting calories you will find in it. Read it his pocket. He offered me one, and I their own lives and health, two already

personally, putting yourself in the declined. He then offered my seat comhad conceded defeat, and the third was

shoes of Lehi, who was told to take panion one, and he replied, "I'm trying fighting a terrible battle, the victim his family into the wilderness. What to quit, and it's nearly killing me."of a habit that would not let him go:

would you have done were you in his That started a conversation. One study indicates that among men

shoes? Put yourself in Nephi's shoes. The first man to light up told how who had stopped smoking, 31Y2 perHe was instructed to go after the brass he had resolved to quit after hearing cent reported they were smoking again.

plates. What would you have done in in January 1964 the report of the And even among those who reported

his shoes? Yes, read it personally. Surgeon General of the United States. that they had gone for as long as 12

Read it purposefully, and let your He recounted a tale of agonizing days to 24 months, nearly 18 percent had purpose be to discover its spiritual and sleepless nights and of a final surrelapsed into the old habit. (Consumer

calories and the gospel of Jesus Christ. render to a habit that had held him Reports, March 1964, pp. 112113.)

Read it for pleasure. Discover how for many years. He placed his cigaret Commenting on the January 1964

it testifies of the Christ. Somebody between his lips, inhaled long and report of the Surgeon General, an

said his name is mentioned 526 times deeply, then lowered his head as the editor concluded: "No longer can

therein. It testifies also of the Bible. smoke drifted slowly from his lips and reasonable men argue whether smoking

Turn off the TV, turn off the radio, nostrils. "I couldn't lick it,"he said is or is not a major health hazard. It is.

and read the Book of Mormon. You with an evident air of defeat. The remaining topic for consideration

will enjoy it. The next smoker took up the conis what can be done about it."(Ibid.,

I bear you my witness: In the Book versation. "I almost quit. I'd been p. 112.)

of Mormon you will find the gospel burning two packs a day. I thought I A veritable mountain of evidence

of Jesus Christ. You may discover, could taper off. I cut down to one has been produced by the Surgeon

reading it, that The Church of Jesus cigaret after each cup of coffee. That General's office, the Federal Trade

Christ of Latterday Saints is true. was my formula. It lasted for a time, Commission, the American Cancer So520 the improvement era

ciety, the American Medical Associacrease in 1964 for a time, but the trend night, and these, my brethren of the tion, the National Tuberculosis Assoagain is upward. There is belief but General Authorities, and you, my

ciation, and many other groups and there is no faith. brethren of the priesthood; and I pray

individuals. Responsible officers are In contemplating all of this, one for an interest in your faith and

concerned over the grim statistics indiappreciates the incomparable wisdom prayers, prayers which I have earnestly cating that somewhere between 125,000 of the Lord who in 1833 in a rural made since receiving this assignment.

and 300,000 people a year die in the town on the frontier of America spoke This marvelous testimony of the disUnited States from diseases that may these simple and encompassing words: paragements and the dissolutions that

be associated with the smoking of "... tobacco... is not good for are being caused by the violations of

cigarets, that your chances of death man,..."(D&C 89:8.) God's laws as has been stated by Presifrom lung cancer are 70 percent greater He did not say that one would get dent McKay presents the anticipation

if you smoke cigarets, that the hazards lung cancer, develop heart or respiraof a great tragedy among men. But

of other diseases are seriously intory problems if he smoked. He did perhaps the destruction of faith and

creased. not produce mountainous statistics or honor in the lives of those who partake

It is an issue of serious magnitude recite case histories. He simply declared of any harmful indulgence will be

when the American Cancer Society that "... tobacco... is not good for even greater than the physical disestimates that "onepack-a-day smokers man,..."abilities which it incurs. I believe that

die five years earlier than nonsmokers. That declaration was given as "a there is an honor in the priesthood of

... Heavy smokers, two packs a day principle with promise."(V. 3.) God which sustains man. As a fundaor more, die seven years earlier. This It was given as a warning and a foremental reason for the restoration of

means that each pack shortens life warning, "in consequence of evils and the gospel of Jesus Christ in this the five to seven hours."(The Evidence is designs which do and will exist in the last dispensation, the Lord gave the

Clear, p. 13.) hearts of conspiring men in the last following to the Prophet Joseph Smith:

Much of this shocking statistical data days,..."(V. 4.) How aptly descrip- "... that every man might speak in

has been repeated in Washington tive these words are in light of what the name of God the Lord, even the during the past two weeks where public we today observe. Savior of the world"; (D&C 1:20) and

hearings have been going forward on God be thanked for this declaration I believe that the highest concept of proposals to nullify to a degree the and the promise that accompanies it. this is that he who -holds the priesteffect of cigaret advertising with Can there be any doubt that it is a hood shall do so and shall speak in

health warnings. Word of Wisdom when great forces, this manner for and in behalf of his

Notwithstanding the flood of eviwith millions of dollars at their comfamily. This bears the mark of the

dence, there has been determined and mand and some of the cleverest minds most crucial phase of the gospel plan, skilful opposition. in the art of advertising, promote that for the extent of the family priesthood

Well might this be expected. Inwhich sober men of science also now sealing among the children of God the

volved in this problem are the 8 billion say "is not good for man"? Eternal Father vindicates the purpose

dollar a year tobacco industry, the One cannot read the testimony withof mortality.

200 million a year spent with adverout recognizing that true freedom lies The articles of righteous dominion tising media, the millions paid in taxes, in obedience to the counsels of God. revealed to Joseph Smith are essential

much of it to the federal government. It was said of old that "... the comprinciples of the priesthood as applied

This creates the strange anomaly of mandment is a lamp; and the law is to self and are the influence to be

a government that is doing little if anylight;..."(Prov. 6:23.) exercised over others for the good of all.

thing to reduce the smoking of its The gospel is not a philosophy of re- (See ibid., 121:3744.) In their highest

citizens and thereby safeguard their pression, as so many regard it. It is a sense they are characteristic of honor.

health, even though its own official plan of freedom that gives discipline Honor is the principle of power that agencies have produced alarming evito appetite and direction to behavior. must weigh in the balance all opposing

dence of the hazards inherent in the Its fruits are sweet and its rewards are principles of indulgence contrary to the continued use of cigarets. liberal, as I am confident my friends will or God and the spirit of the priestBritain has been more forward. It on the plane would have been happy hood. It was the honor or the power of

has placed a governmental ban on to have testified. God which Lucifer unrighteously

cigaret advertising, as has Italy. "Stand fast therefore in the liberty sought in the preexistence. (See ibid.,

The American tobacco industry rewherewith Christ hath made us free, 29:36.) We who hold the priesthood

cently set up a new advertising code. and be not entangled again with the of God have within our grasp the

But make no mistake about it, adveryoke of bondage."(Gal. 5:1.) highest aspects of honor. The straighttising continues, with as much as 10 "... where the Spirit of the Lord is, forwardness of living is obtained in

million dollars being spent to launch a there is liberty."(2 Cor. 3:17.) In the magnifying the priesthood principles.

single new brand. Pleas are made that name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Here is the direct channel as proas long as the manufacture of a product claimed by the Lord leading to glory,

is permitted, its advertising should be Monday Evening General Priesthood honor, immortality, and eternal life.

permitted. To which comes the reSession, April 5, 1965. For a man to obtain the priesthood

joinder that in cases where serious hazwith Godgiven rights, to exercise and ards are clearly indicated, there is a magnify it in behalf of his family, he responsibility also to indicate those must be worthily ordained to it. But

hazards. the proven stumbling block to this

To the many able and devoted men False Loyalty high privilege in our day and time are and women across the nation who are the dishonorable indulgences of things concerned with this problem, it is not Alvin R. Dyer of a physical and moral nature. And

a religious issue. It is a health issue. Assistant to because of the standards implied by

But with all that has been said, with the Council of the Twelve abstaining from harmful indulgences, all the statistics that have been ac- I have known many good men plagued cumulated, with a constant and painwith bad habits who absent themselves ful parade of surgery cases through I am truly grateful, my brethren, to from priesthood activity. It affects a

the nation's hospitals, the consumption be in the presence of President David man's honor and becomes an obstrucof cigarets increases. There was a de- O. McKay and his Counselors this tion which prevents him from respondJUNE 1965 521

ing to the priesthood which otherwise prison, one to pay for his life. honesty, insincerity, the pollution of

would be natural to him. The measure When we weigh in the balance the the mind with evil and immoral

of honor we reach in life is dependent difference between honor and loyalty, thoughts, and you get a wider meaning upon the caliber of that which we perthere comes a time when in order to of what is meant by a narcotic—these

mit to become a part of ourselves, achieve honor one must determine the are the "kicks"that can kick a young which affects our physical, emotional, value of that to which he will give man, or anyone for that matter, right and mental ways of life. Seeds sown in his loyalty. If it calls for a surrender out of the realms of decency, honor,

honor spring forth to become jewels of honor then it is false. False loyalty and a character of integrity.

of eternity, while seeds sown in diswill sometimes seem very real, and In all of the indulgences, both imhonor for whatever purpose decay and there is a strange code among young moral and physical, the first makes the die in the corrupted soil where they men that induces such a false loyalty, second easier; to yield to temptation

are sown. but they must calculate the end result. once makes it easier to yield again and

God does not require of man the Once in ancient Israel King Saul again. But to resist and restrain susachievement of honor and nobility found displeasure with God for failtains normalcy, making later decisions

without having given him the ining to obey, although he thought that even more positive. I once stood on a

herent power to obtain it. As revealed he had kept the law by offering sacristreet in Trondheim, Norway, looking

to the Prophet Joseph Smith, the Lord fice. To him came the denunciation, up at a statue of a Viking who had

has said to accomplish this that "... "... to obey is better than sacrifice, been mounted atop a lofty pillar. And

the power is in them, wherein they are..."(1 Sam. 15:22.) This did not at the time there came to my mind

agents unto themselves."(Ibid., 58:28.) mean that sacrifice was not a good a fable of the Norsemen I had heard as

And as agents unto ourselves a man principle, but when exhibited by dis- a boy which I recall went like this:

can therefore accomplish that which obedience, it is false. Loyalty likewise "The blood of the conquered goes over

he wills to accomplish and needs not is a good principle, but never if it into the veins of the conqueror."

indulge in that which he does not will means the surrender of honor. Thus, my brethren, 132 years ago the

to indulge in. The complete restraining Just how much cheating goes on in Lord revealed unto the Prophet Joseph

of harmful indulgences, both physical colleges and universities—it is estiSmith words of wisdom concerning

and moral, is a matter of personal mated to be far more than most educaharmful indulgences which tear down honor. "Blessed is the man,"says the tional officials realize—is the subject the structure of the human body by

Apostle James, "that endureth temptaof a nationwide study by Columbia the abnormalities which contribute to tion: for when he is tried, he shall University. "Of the students questioned moral and spiritual delinquencies, callreceive the crown of life...."(James in the 99college survey, more than ing for a surrender of dignity and

1:12.) half have admitted to cheating."The honor. The Lord, in concluding this

"He that overcometh,"said the national conscience is shocked by the revelation, indicates its relationship to

Master unto John, "shall inherit all cheating scandal at the US Air Force the whole gospel plan when he said to things; and I will be his God, and he Academy in Colorado. But conclusions keep and do these things, that we may

shall be my son."(Rev. 21:7.) "Based on the Columbia University then walk in obedience to the comThese are days of challenge to mainsurvey involving 5,422 students at 99 mandments of God. (See D&C 89:18.)

tain individual honor and inner stacolleges and universities coast to coast"Herein I believe is the key of this bility. Men and boys lose their honor suggest: revelation: to "find wisdom and great

for false reasons. "Some ways to reduce cheating are treasures of knowledge, even hidden

Not long ago in one of the large indicated in the survey, based on treasures."(Ibid., 89:19.)

eastern cities of America, a young man questionnaires returned by 5,422 colTo me the most important personal in his middle teens was shot by a lege students, 626 deans and 502 phase of the gospel and one that can stray bullet in a gang war. As he studentbody presidents. Conclusions realistically lead to the attainment of

fought for his life in a hospital, he include: its many gifts is that part which

told police authorities that he never "Colleges with honor systems, the reaches down into the very fiber of the really felt a part of the gang but that study finds, 'are less apt to have a personal self. Here is where the power

he had hung on because of his loyalty high level of cheating than those with is developed. It concerns the actuality

to two members of the gang that he other arrangements for control.'of what a person really is and not what

had grown up with in his own neigh- (Copyright article by U. S. News & he professes to be. The real motivation

borhood. He felt that if he were to World Report, February 8, 1965, p. of gospel law produces a character and

drop out he would be untrue to them. 10.) Cheating and acts of dishonor are nobility of soul that is devoid of any

This incident tells the story of a not confined to the classroom and false and superficial veneer.

false sense of loyalty that caused this wherever exhibited demonstrate abnorWhat I am suggesting here is that young man to surrender the principles mality. basically and inherently a man cannot

of decent living to participate in things When honor and integrity are sacribe both evil and good; he cannot, as

against his own nature, even nullifyficed to gain some cheap and fanciful the Lord has said, serve two masters.

ing his chances for a good life and end, a change takes place within the Any attempt at doublemindedness can bringing disgrace upon his family and inner structure of the individual. produce but one thing, and that is incommunity. Had he with honor couNot all narcotics, which change constability.

rageously faced up to his problem, folditions from normal to abnormal, from There are some, for vanity or other lowing the tougher road of dropping real to unreal, are found in pellets and superficial reasons, who may seemingly out of the gang and revealing to the powders, liquids, tipparillos, or in offer a good gift, but only to deceive, authorities the escapades of rape and filtered white tubes of satisfaction. and often as not this simulation is

murder and larceny that the gang, of In a true sense, any dishonorable, made to cover something ugly and sinwhich only a minority were the leadsuperficial, or insincere indulgence ful which lodges beneath the false ers, had perpetrated, many could have reacts upon the nervous system like a veneer.

been rehabilitated and saved, and he narcotic. And when unnatural or unIn the balance of the innermost

himself would have lived to accomearned pleasures are sought, there is thoughts and feelings lies the real plish his boyhood dream to build a certain imbalance that takes place. person, to be evil or to be good. God

ships. Instead, his life, as he died a The use of alcohol, heroin, tobacco, recognizes no sense of good which is

few days later, was forfeited, and cocaine, tea, coffee, or other stimulants but a cloak of how the inner person others of the mob have been sent to—and add to these dishonor, disreally feels in opposition thereto.

522 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA And unto those who with dishonor night and awaken and sit on the edge friend of mine, who had the habit of surrender their cause to superficial and of the bed at every alarm and smoke a drinking. In many ways he was a

unearned pursuits that come from these cigaret."Now I never heard of a habit wonderful man. He had the kindest

harmful indulgences, the Prophet any worse than that. heart, but he had this weakness which

Moroni gives utterance to the teachings And I asked, "Do you really mean manifested itself every time he was of his father Mormon: that?"under pressure or had some difficulty

"... a bitter fountain cannot bring He said, "Yes, I do."and couldn't seem to solve his probforth good water; neither can a good Well, I called at his home a few lem. Then he would go off somewhere

fountain bring forth bitter water;..."evenings later at 10 pm. This was the and drink into drunkenness. I have

(Moroni 7:11.) time he said he went to bed. He taken him home a number of times,

"... a man being evil cannot do that greeted me by saying, "Bishop, what but upon this occasion the police had

which is good; for if he offereth a gift, are you doing here at this time of the got there first and had taken him to

or prayeth unto God, except he shall night?"the county jail. So I had to go over

do it with real intent it profiteth him "Well,"said I, "I have come to see there at the pleadings of his dear wife, nothing."(Ibid., 7:6.) how you set the alarm clock."arriving just about the time when they

"... if a man being evil giveth a He said, "I wouldn't want to do this were taking the big coffee pot around

gift, he doeth it grudgingly; wherefore with you here."to them to sober them and send them

it is counted unto him the same as if Well, I stayed deliberately until home. When they came to him he

he had retained the gift; wherefore he three o'clock in the morning, and I refused to take the coffee. He said it

is counted evil before God."(Ibid., thought he was going to throw me was against the Word of Wisdom.

7:8.) out a number of times. I exhausted all Well, I finally got him out in the

"And likewise also is it counted evil of my understanding of these situations car, and with the help of his wife we unto a man, if he shall pray, and not as I tried to keep him interested, but at took him home, got him upstairs, unwith real intent of heart; yea, and it three in the morning I said to him, dressed and ready for bed. But he sat

profiteth him nothing, for God re- "Now, brother, you have missed five on the edge of the bed and wouldn't ceiveth none such."(Ibid., 7:9.) alarms. Why don't you go the rest get in. It was nearly three in the

"Wherefore, all things which are of the night without a cigaret?"morning. I had to get to work early in

good cometh of God; and that which At that moment he felt a sense of the morning, and I kept thinking,

is evil cometh of the devil...."(Ibid., honor and a dignity that he did not "Why doesn't he go to bed?"I said,

7:12.) need to smoke. He looked at me with "Why don't you get in bed now? Here

"... the devil... persuadeth no man a peculiar smile that these men often you are; you are in your own home."

to do good, no, not one; neither do his get when they make a decision of this And finally after a short while he

angels; neither do they who subject kind, and he said, "All right, I will."told me why he wouldn't go to bed.

themselves unto him."(Ibid., 7:17.) He never touched another cigaret. He said, "I haven't said my prayers

It has been said, and wisely so, that I remember another man, who was yet."And I had the privilege of kneelthe margin of difference between the a carpenter, who said that he couldn't ing with this good man. I see the goodcauses that would confer the priesthood quit. He smoked two packages a day, ness that is in these men that we have

of God upon one but not upon another and he said, "My body requires nicoto reach. There is not much difference

is only a hair's breadth. Basically men tine, I have smoked so long."And two between them and the most active.

who are attracted to this Church are packages in that day before filters was They are wonderful men, and they can good men. We need to find that good- a lot of nicotine. And he couldn't be corrected from these habits.

ness. We must work at our business change, and he wouldn't accept the Now I bear my testimony to you, my

that every man may speak in the name challenge to get ready to be ordained brethren, that the abstaining from of the Lord God in behalf of his own an elder. harmful indulgences is a great comfamily and then that he may work But something very strange happened mandment from the Lord. There are

with others. This calls for concerned to him. He got hit on the head with a many who say that it is only by way

individual and family analysis and falling twoby-six as he worked on the of counsel, but I would say in response projection within the framework of our roof framework of a house. His wife to that that in the early days of the

priesthood program. It places particular called me about the accident, and I Church a number of the brethren were

stress upon the enterprise and action rushed to the hospital. When he reexcommunicated and reasons given in

of the ward priesthood executive comgained consciousness, he had lost his some instances were because they had mittee as they, under the direction of memory. He didn't know his wife; he not kept the Word of Wisdom. The

the bishopric, will give direction and didn't know me. He was that way for implication that it is just something

assistance and counsel, working through nearly six weeks. But the strange thing we can take or leave has never, I bethe priesthood leaders and home teachwas that he didn't ask for a cigaret lieve, been a part of its intent. It is

ers, to reach all, but especially at first once. He forgot that he used tobacco. the will of God and therefore a comthe fathers, that they may be able to And on the day when he began to remandment. These indulgences are the

stand at the head of their own families member who he was and something of things that frequently keep men from in righteousness. his experience, he asked for a cigaret, receiving the honor and the dignity of

Disparagement should not exist as and the nurse said, "Well, I didn't the priesthood. I bear my testimony to

we strive with these many good men know that you smoked."the effectiveness and reality of things

who are so close to the honor of taking He said, "Of course I do; please, may that we can do to help them, and I

their rightful place. I have some cigarets."do it in the name of Jesus Christ.

I remember one man that we had "Well,"she said, "you haven't had a Amen.

challenged to stop smoking cigarets cigaret for six weeks."

that he might be prepared to go to the And then he remembered the things told his that it him, of his in thehouse Lord had wife was where we There never a day that did was his didn't their nicorequire chilsealed that be mind, bodymight to him and bring opportunity not for its own if tine, said, I haven't said his to "Well, hedren to But them. he me, and

bishop, "I like to smoke, the greatest smoked for six weeks, I am not going to doing good that never could have enjoyment I get out of life is from take up the habit now."And he never been done before and never can

smoking,"and then he added, "I even smoked again. be done again.

set the alarm clock throughout the I remember still another brother, a—William Burleigh

JUNE 1968 523 "And a curse if ye... turn aside days of Job it was said, "... all that a

out of the way which I command you man hath will he give for his life."

The thiswe day,determine..."(Deut.the direction11:2628.)of Andour we(Jobwouldn't2:4.) Theredo, thereisn't isanythingno expensethat

Death Instinct nisms,lives by orwhichinclinationsof the attinities,we buildantagointo thatto prolongwe wouldlife notfor ainvolveweek orourselvesa month,in

Sterling W. Sill them. There is a natural duality in even though we knew that that period

Plato called "the upper filled pain unbe life which and with and would Assistant to to this said, Jesus referred lower soul."happiness. But "There John when the Council of the Twelve the

antagonism as "the spirit and the is a sin unto death:..."(1 John 5:16)

flesh,"but some time ago a psycholohe was speaking of a more dreadful gist said that each of us has within death than that of the body. And Paul

My brethren, I appreciate very much himself "a life instinct"and also "a describes this sin by saying, "For it is this privilege of having a part with death instinct."impossible for those who were once

you in this great priesthood brotherThe dictionary says that an "inenlightened, and have tasted of the hood under which we receive our stinct"is a natural aptitude or tenheavenly gift, and were made partakcommission to serve God. dency leading toward a goal. In iners of the Holy Ghost,

Some time ago a friend of mine who troducing the Master, the Apostle John "And have tasted the good word of lives on the farm was telling me that said, "In him was life; and the life God, and the powers of the world to

as his sons get old enough to share was the light of men."(John 1:4.) come,

in the responsibility of farm work, he The greatest commodity in the "If they shall fall away, to renew arranges for them to have a little land universe is life. And Jesus announced them again unto repentance; seeing

to till or some farm animals to raise. his own mission by saying, "I came they crucify to themselves the Son

And, of course, they receive the comthat ye might have life and have it of God afresh, and put him to an pensation involved. more abundantly."(See ibid., 10:10.) open shame."(Heb. 6:4-6.) But this

The Lord also has that kind of proGod has endowed every seed with a second death does not take place all gram. As his children become suffilife germ by which it is able to reach at once. Spiritually we die a little bit

ciently mature, he invites them to upward toward better things. But the at a time. Our enthusiasm dies, our

have a part in that great enterprise greatest gift of God is eternal life, faith dies, and our ambition dies.

that Jesus referred to as "my Father's and after endowing his children with No one ever gets off the straight and business."That is the business of his own potentialities, he implanted narrow way at right angles, and no

building character, integrity, Godliin them a kind of upward reach, a sin is born fully grown. Every sin is

ness, and eternal life into his children. natural inclination or a tendency to a minor one to begin with. PercentageGod has said that it is his work and strive by which the offspring of God wise, very few people will ever lose

his glory "... to bring to pass the may hope to become like the parent. their blessings because they have

immortality and eternal life of man."But the life instinct also has its become murderers or sons of perdition.

(Moses 1:39.) opposite. All around us we see the As someone has pointed out, it isn't

And then by way of invitation to results of that sinister attraction leadthe giant redwoods that trip us up as us he has said, "... If ye have desires ing toward death which might be we walk through the forest, it's the

to serve God ye are called to the work;"compared to the instinct that leads vines and the underbrush.

(D&C4:3.) And we may have as large the moth toward the flame that will And one of the most damaging sins

a part as we are able to qualify for destroy it. It is an interesting fact and one that gives greatest strength

in the very work in which God himself that nature never wearies of imposing to our death instinct is the violation spends his entire time. Of course, we punishment. The unfortunate moth of that great revelation given 132 years

must also be prepared to accept our may burn off its wings, blister its ago called the Word of Wisdom. Some

share of the responsibility. body, and burn itself blind, but the violators of this law tend to excuse

We have been given the priesthood, flame goes on and on, unmolested, themselves because it appears to be which is the authority to act in the unhurt, unsympathetic, and even unsuch a small thing. It seems like just

name of the Lord. But we ourselves aware of the terrible pain it has in- a little disobedience, a little caffeine,

must develop the leadership, which is flicted. No one really knows how se- a little nicotine, a little friendly inthe ability to act in the name of the vere the torments of the body may be. dulgence in alcohol. Yet these are the

Lord. And I suppose that one is not We know they can be sufficient to springboards to disease, broken homes,

of great consequence without the send one insane or to bring about his immorality, disloyalty to God, physical other. That is, what good would come death. But the spirit is eternal; it can death, and the death of many of our

from a missionary having the ausuffer, but it cannot die. There is no eternal interests.

thority to make converts if he did not such thing as a cancellation of exisIn the February 26, 1965 issue of also have the ability to make converts? tence. The chief characteristic of eterLife magazine, there is an appalling

Our world itself is made up of opponal death is not oblivion but endless article about the toll being taken by sites. There is a kind of north pole pain and regret. When one dies as to the dope traffic in the United States.

and south pole in every life. We live things pertaining to righteousness, And among its most damning effects

amid the contrasts of positive and then misery and despair take over the is the deadly addiction it forms and negative, good and evil, uphill and control of life; and of some who had the good inclinations that are dedownhill, heaven and hell. Jesus passed the point of no return, the stroyed by its craving. Dope users often

talked about the straight and narrow Lord said, "He that is unjust, let him lie, steal, or kill to satisfy these appeway that leads to life, but we must be unjust still: and he which is filthy, tites of death. But in some degree,

also be aware of the dangers of that let him be filthy still."(Rev. 22:11.) these same results are characteristic

broad road that leads toward death. And certainly those who allow their of every sin. Every disobedience, every

The Lord himself has said, "Behold, better impulses to die will be miserdishonesty, and every exercise of lust

I set before you this day a blessing able forever, as there can be no happiforms an evil addiction and strengthand a curse; ness in wickedness. ens the death instincts. No one ever

"A blessing, if ye obey the comThe most feared experience of life needs a recording angel to look over mandments of the Lord your God, is death. We instinctively cling to life his shoulder to take notes on his sins.

with every ounce of our strength. In the Good or bad, everything that we do

524 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA is being recorded in our appetites, our brilliantly lighted, and no one needs nervous systems, our personalities, our to get off the straight and narrow way choice. the his spirits. In except own by our immortalminds, and

all saints said, lation the "And Lord every every crime, and reveHow FortunateEvery cigaret, these to and do keep is written indelibly rememberirreverence down who to the Can We Be? in obedience sayings, walking its victim. of the personin A violator

of the manmade laws may at least commandments, shall receive health President Marion D. Hanks

their to their disin navel marrow and his will that crime not behope First Council the Of of the for bones; the violatorscovered. But

of the Seventy great find and is shall possibility wisdom to there "Andlaws of no God, escape punishment. And each transtreasures of knowledge, even hidden

gressor becomes his own prosecutor, treasures; I suppose I could not possibly fail to

his own judge, his own jury, and his "And shall run and not be weary, tell you now what happened to me in own executioner, and shall walk and not faint. Twin Falls some years ago in the home

A violation of civil law can put us "And I, the Lord, give unto them of the stake president's counselor, when in jail. A crime against our health a promise, that the destroying angel two little girls engaged in conversation

may cause us to be locked up in some shall pass by them, as the children of about the visitor to the stake conference wearisome hospital of pain, but a sin Israel, and not slay them."(Ibid., the coming weekend. The smallest had

against our eternal lives may give our 89:1821.) been influenced by the fulltime misdeath instincts sufficient power to cast The body is the temple of the sionaries, who had impressed her

us into the fires of hell. And unforspirit, and both mutually react upon greatly. She could hardly wait to grow

tunately, from this verdict there is each other. John Locke said, "A sound up to be a missionary; she wanted to

no appeal, for when we sentence ourmind in a sound body is a short but be an elder. Her older sister assured

selves to be dope addicts, alcoholics, full description of a happy state in her that she couldn't possibly be an moral weaklings, or unprofitable serthis world."When the mind and the elder, that only men could be elders,

vants, what power can nullify the body are operating properly and the and she said, "Oh, no. Daddy told me

condemnation? tissues are crying for exercise, then that Marion D. Hanks is coming to

The Apostle Paul said, "... the there is joy and zest in living. To our conference, and she's an elder."

wages of sin is death;..."(Rom. maintain its health and strength the There are some things we live with

6:23.) Death is the irrevocable conbody must work. Likewise, a healthy gratefully, if sometimes patiently.

sequence of allowing this strange affinspirit must be constantly and vigorThere is a poem which I believe was ity for evil to establish itself in our ously employed in doing good. Lethwritten for President McKay, though

lives. Sin can make good seem so unargy is a part of the death instinct, I am not sure the author knew he

attractive that we turn our backs on whereas righteous zeal builds up the wrote it for him, and I would like to righteousness and fight against God. life instinct. Probably the greatest take this chance to quote it. It is short

The other day a man who had witidea in the universe is God's promise and impressive. Will you get the words

says, have life, might agonizing cancerous the long thatnessed we ".

it and—it"'Tis abundantly."(John his father shot..more.death suffered by.. have human fortune's happiest height

himself when the doctor told him that 10:10.) And our lives fail to the exto be

the symptoms indicated that he might tent to which our life instincts lose their A spirit melodious, lucid, poised, and suffer a similar fate. Suicide may solve ascendency by tolerating those little whole;

his problem so far as this life is conevils causing our addiction to sin. Second in order of felicity

cerned, but what about eternity? If we The story has been told of an exTo walk with such a soul."

so much dread the pitiful, lingering, plorer walking through an arctic win- (Quoted in O. C. Tanner, Christ's

unhappy death of the body, what ter. Because he was tired and cold, he Ideals for Living, p. v.)

would it be like to endure eternal decided to sit down and rest. After a I am sure I express your gratitude

death in one's own soul? few minutes he began to feel better. for the privilege of the walk with such

Of those who sin unto death the The weariness and unpleasantness be- a soul.

Lord has said, "... it had been better gan to disappear. Because he was a To me one of the most impressive

for them never to have been born; little drowsy, he decided that a fifteensights in this world is the group at

"For they are vessels of wrath, minute nap would give him the help which I now look and what it repredoomed to suffer... with the devil he needed. Then suddenly it occurred sents. Interspersed among you men are

and his angels in eternity; to him that he was freezing to death. many choice youngsters. I had a chance

"Concerning whom I have said In desperation he jumped to his feet to shake hands with some a few there is no forgiveness in this world and ran with all his might. He was minutes ago. And though I don't intend

nor in the world to come running for his life, and soon the to talk only to them or especially to "... they... shall go away into blood was churning through his veins, them in the few minutes I stand here,

the lake of fire and brimstone, with producing the natural heat that saved I would like to be able to feel that the devil and his angels him from death. they understand what I am saying,

"And [are] the only ones on whom Through our world of opposites, we and I am going to try to do that. If

the second death shall have any are also running for our lives, and they do, I think the rest of us will.

power."(D&C 76:3234, 3637.) And Jesus has indicated what the amount Brother Hinckley gave us a wonderyet the most painful cancerous death of our effort should be when he said, ful sermon this afternoon. I'm hopeful

that we can bring upon ourselves may "O ye that embark in the service of that all will have a chance to read it.

be only a symbol of our eternal regret God, see that ye serve him with all It revolved around an experience with and suffering. your heart, might, mind and strength, mature, successful, effective, intelliBut on the other side of our possithat ye may stand 'blameless before gent men in varying degrees of involvebility, what a thrilling opportunity God at the last day."(D&C 4:2.) ment or noninvolvement with tobacco.

we have to develop our life instincts. May God help us to keep all of his As he spoke the words of them, which

We live in the greatest age, under the commandments, that in its best meanhe applied to himself, I applied them most favorable conditions ever known ing we may have'life and have it to myself; and you who are here were

in the world. The pathway to exalmore abundantly. This I pray in the doing likewise, I feel sure: "How lucky

tation has been perfectly marked and name of Jesus Christ. Amen. can you be."

JUNE 1965 525 I thought of an experience that ochave been at odds since God spoke to rected, and the body and the spirit will curred on these grounds a few years a boyprophet a long time ago. recombine: "... the spirit and the body

ago when an internationally known I cannot forget an occasion when Dr. are the soul of man."(Ibid., 88:15.)

nutritionist and research scientist, John A. Widtsoe, whom you will reThat's one big reason why it is very

who had flown here from Stockholm member as a great scientist as well as a important that we understand the for the express purpose of looking at great Latterday Saint leader, was one fundamental principles upon which us and getting something of our story, of a group of panelists at a university. this great program rests. It is vital that

sat across the desk with a copy of the Two others, also representing religious we do everything we can to preserve

Doctrine and Covenants opened to secpoints of view, preceded him. One in honor and cleanliness and integrity

tion 89, of which and from which we attempted to make an accommodation this mortal body. It is part of our

have been speaking tonight. I had to work out an acceptable approach to eternal soul.

asked him a question, and I was very moderation in drink. The next was a I remember reading a statement by a

much interested in his answer. He had fine young minister of the gospel, and great person who said that this is one

been a bit combative, or at least dehe with measured but very emphatic of the paradoxes of modern Christianfensive along the route. I said to him, phrases objected to all that his preity. It makes the body a very useless,

"Dr. Waerland, what would you think decessor had said, and added, "As a negative, evil thing, and yet teaches,

of a young man, 27 years of age, who people, and particularly as a group of theoretically at least, the reality of a wrote that document more than 120 young leaders in my church, we believe resurrection in which this body is part years ago?"alcohol to be a tool of the devil, and of an eternal soul. There is no such

He said, "I would say that he was we are against it."Dr. Widtsoe stood difficulty in the philosophy God has

120 years ahead of his time."He then and very quietly and graciously said, permitted us to understand. The body is

talked of some of the nutritional, af- "We link arms with this choice young a nonevil component of the eternal soul.

firmative aspects of the Word of Wisman and those who walk with him That's one big reason why we ought to dom. He talked of the discoveries of because his view I accept and believe be anxious to keep it clean, anxious

science and of his own researches, and to be our own."And then, he said, to be interested to keep from it the

said that every suggestion of the Word "Because I have a little time allotted substances that would harm it—and

of Wisdom was affirmative and valid. and because my background happens not alone it, but the rest of us. Have

I said again, "What would you think to be chemistry and its research, let me you ever heard these words of Goethe, of a prophet who knew all that long talk to you of the nature of alcohol."the great German: "The whole purago, without any special preparation I understood that he was linking arms pose of the world seems to be to provide

or training in the sense you have had with other good people of honest in- a physical basis for the growth of the it?"tent who were seeking to teach the spirit."

And he said again, "I am not a truth about substances that are not Now, in effect, and perhaps with religious man, and I know little of good for the human body. some limitations of understanding,

prophets, but whoever wrote that docuNow, the Lord has given us a great Goethe was talking about what Paul ment was 120 years ahead of his time."program of health, but not infrequently said. Paul said that this is a temple,

How fortunate can we be? Many of I expect some of us don't tell our this body in which the Spirit of God

us are not acquainted with the facts, young people and maybe fail to recall dwells (see 1 Cor. 3:16)—a spirit

though many of us are, that in this ourselves that this program is based child of God. And Paul thus expressed

world there are many choice forces on marvelous fundamental eternal his understanding that it is our obligaseeking the same ends we are when we principles. You will remember that in tion to keep it clean and pure and, so

teach this great principle of health. One the Doctrine and Covenants in a great far as we are able, free from the inwho represented an interesting viewsection received in 1832, a great revelatrusions of that which would harm it.

point was Thomas A. Edison, thought tion, the Lord says, "... the spirit and Now let me say, as I conclude, one

by many to be the greatest creative the body are the soul of man."(D&C other thing. This is a principle with a

genius this world has known. In his 88:15.) A little later he revealed again promise. For years, young and some

diary he wrote these words, and I the truth that the elements—that is, older people have been coming to me

would hope that every young Latterthe elements that make up our body asking me to define substances or list day Saint who sometimes feels uneasy and the spirit in us, when they are them which were not to be used. And

in the peculiarities or uniqueness of combined, permit us to have a fulness I have tried to reply with the words of his own health viewpoints would reof joy. These are eternally important the Lord: This is a principle with a

member them or have access to them. principles. They go hand in hand with promise. (See D&C 89:3.) What is the

Edison is talking about ways of living the great truth that God lives, that he principle? As I understand it, the prinand thinking and working. He says, is the Father of the spirits of all manciple is that everything that God has

"The useful man never leads the easy, kind, that mortal life has a great meanprovided for us that is good we should sheltered, knockless, unshocked life. At ing in the eternal journey man makes, use with thanksgiving, with judgment,

36 he ought to be prepared to deal with and that one of the great purposes of with prudence, and not in excess.

realities, and after about that period mortal life is to take upon ourselves Everything that isn't good for us we in his life, until he is 60, he should a mortal body (the elements), because should let alone. I understand that to

be able to handle them with a steadily in our eternal experience there will be the heart of the principle. And the

increasing efficiency. Subsequently, if come a time of reunion of body and promise? The promise is that if we

he has not injured his body by excess spirit. You see, young men, when we will obey the principle through obediindulgence in any of the narcotics (and die, as surely we do, the body goes ence we will get better health, greater

by this term I mean liquor, tobacco, to the tomb. The spirit persists, it goes knowledge and wisdom, and wondertea, and coffee), and if he has not on, it lives. You will be you, and I ful spiritual blessings. There are so

eaten to excess, he very likely may conwill be I, each will be himself. Yes, many examples of these great truths

tinue to be achievingly efficient up to there is a break in the eternal journey, that I would like to tell you about, his 80th birthday, and in exceptional but the break is only for the body. The but let me mention one. As I walked

cases until 90."spirit goes on, and then one day in to this building this very afternoon, I

Now, I interpolated no words, all God's wisdom and through his power heard a man say to his companion of those are his. He identifies narcotics the body will be reconstituted (in a (and I didn't recognize either, nor do

specifically and interestingly as subway I do not know, and the detail is of I think they were part of the conference stances with which we as a Church no great consequence to me), resurgroup, and I know nothing of the

526 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA genesis of the statement or its circum- I appealed to all under the sound of the neighbor who lives in your house stances, but I report accurately what my voice to read the Book of Mormon with you, your wife and your children.

he said): "When he gets a few drinks before Christmas. I am happy to report Brethren, I have had a number of

in him, he is really ugly and mean."that I received letters, telegrams, and women in my experience come to me

I'm not sure anybody can improve people told me orally as they met me because they were not loved in the upon that description of one who on the street, as they came into my home. That is just too bad. It is a

makes the mistake of getting involved office, and over the telephone, from condition that just cannot exist where in a substance that dulls his judgment, some young boys in Montreal, Canada, we have the priesthood at the head of that inhibits his natural anxiety to to the General Authorities who said, "I the home. Surely a man thinks as much

control himself, that imposes upon his read the Book of Mormon as you asked of his wife as he does of someone else will. me to do, and I appreciated this chalwho comes into the home, and surely

God bless us to have the courage of lenge and have enjoyed reading the he is prepared to treat her with the conviction to live the principle and Book of Mormon."same courtesy, the same consideration,

therefore inherit the promise, and to Now I have two letters here that I as he would a stranger coming into the be courageous enough as we mingle should like to read to you: "Marg and home. Yet I remember as a boy going

with those who do not understand the I have accepted your challenge to reto homes where that was not true. And

principle, to appreciate their value read the Book of Mormon and have I remember going into homes where it and their worth, and share with them, extended it to include Steve. We have was true, and the difference in those

as they will permit, the important spent several pleasant evenings taking homes was very noticeable.

reasons why we should be concerned turns reading to each other and exBrethren, if I gave you any challenge to be obedient to this law of God, in plaining passages to Steve. Though he tonight, it is to go home and, when you

the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. is only eight he grasps the story very go into the house, express appreciation

clearly. It gives him an opportunity to to that wife who is there, and let those

learn new words and meet new ideas children know that you love them, that will be of value to him throughand don't be afraid to do it.

out his life. We are enjoying this rich When I was in the mission field

The Two Great experience and thank you for the chalinterviewing missionaries I thought it

Commandments lenge."Another letter which I received: wasto havea verylove importantin their heartsthingif theyfor themwere

"Dear President Tanner, going to preach the gospel and be repPresident N. Eldon Tanner "I am the young boy, twelve years resentatives, ambassadors, of the Lord

Of the First Presidency of age, you challenged to read the Jesus Christ, and I asked those misBook of Mormon after General Priestsionaries every time if they loved the hood outside the temple grounds on the Lord, and they said yes. And I said,

It's good to be here, my brethren, and sidewalk by the drinking fountain. "How does he know?"And they said,

to partake of the Spirit that has been "I want to thank you for the chal- "Well, we have told him."

here with us this evening and to hear lenge. It was a great opportunity for The Lord said, "If you love me, you

the admonition which is good for all me to work to accomplish the goal set will keep my commandments."(See

of us. All I wish to say on the Word by you, and it strengthened my testiJohn 14:15.) That's the way he knows.

of Wisdom this evening is to tell you mony of the gospel a great deal. Then I asked those boys, "How many

an experience which I told you once "I would have written to you sooner, of you love your mothers?"There

before. When I was driving along and but I had some passages and some wasn't an exception. I said, "How

had two young men with me in my scriptures to memorize for my certifimany times have you told your mother car, and a young man thumbed a ride cate of award. you love her?"And on many occasions

with us, I asked the boys who were "I know that the Book of Mormon the answer was, "I don't know when with me if we should take him with is true, and it has helped me to be- I told her or how many times I have us, and they said yes. I picked him up, come a better boy."told her,"or, "I don't think I ever

and after we had driven along a little I might say that I received written told my mother I love her."

way he said, "Do you mind if I smoke replies from 261, and I am sure there Imagine, any young man, an elder, in your car?"I said, "No, not at all if were many more who did not take the out representing this Church, having

you can give me any good reason why time to write, and I didn't expect anynever told his mother that he loved you should smoke."And I said, "I will one to write. her. Do you know why he hasn't?

go farther than that."(I was stake Now this evening I had hoped to Because his father didn't tell his wife

president at this time.) "If you can talk to you for a little while on the that he loved her.

give me a good reason why you should answer that Jesus gave to the lawyer I felt like writing to the fathers of smoke, I will smoke with you."who, tempting him, said, those boys every time, but each time I

Well, these two young men looked "Master, which is the great comhad that boy promise me that he at me and wondered. We drove on for mandment in the law? would sit down and write a letter and

some distance, about twenty minutes, "Jesus said unto him, Thou shalt say, "Mother, I love you,"and tell

I think, and I turned around and love the Lord thy God with all thy her why he loved her. It is so imporsaid, "Aren't you going to smoke?"heart, and with all thy soul, and with tant, brethren. Don't let another day

And he said, "No."I said, "Why not?"all thy mind. go by without telling your wife you

And he said, "I can't think of a good "This is the first and great comlove her, how fortunate you are to have reason why I should."mandment. her, how much you think of her. And

I would like that word to go to all "And the second is like unto it, do what you can to make her believe of our young men, and when you can Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyit. Be the same with your children.

think of a good reason, and only when self."(Matt. 22:3639.) "There is beauty all around when

you can, then begin to smoke. I won't have time to deal with that there's love at home."Be courteous. Be

At the priesthood meeting in October, as it refers to "thy neighbour,"other considerate. Be kind. I don't know of

I reminded you that President Joseph than I would like to say this: I should anything that is more important, and

Fielding Smith had said a year before like you to include as your first neigh- I think I am agreeing with the Lord that we should all read the Book of bor the neighbor to whom you are when he says the same thing, "And

Mormon. I said that I had read it, and most directly responsible, and that is the second is like unto it. Thou shalt

JUNE 1965 527 love thy neighbour as thyself,"and to go, where you want me to go, and other partners, and for that matter, all surely the most important neighbor is remain as long as you want me to of the doctors in the community. Durthe one who lives with you in your stay."ing the year 1964, I had no deaths in

home. Now, brethren, what a testimony! I my practice. Certainly the windows of

Now, if we love the Lord God with am sure all of us would do the same heaven have been opened unto me all our hearts and with all our souls thing, but as Brother Sill says, it isn't and unto my associates in that we have and with all our minds, as he said, we a big redwood tree that is going to trip never prospered better as a family or as will keep his commandments. And we us up; it's the underbrush in life. Any a clinic than we have during the past

who hold the priesthood of God have of us would accept the great call, but year! It is a testimony to all of us of

a covenant from the Lord which we will we live every day, magnifying our how the Lord blesses us for living the read in the Doctrine and Covenants, priesthood and doing what the Lord law of consecration in even a small section 84, verses 33 to 40: wants us to do? way.

"For whoso is faithful unto the obNow, I want to give you this thought, "Again, I am thrilled with this calltaining these two priesthoods of which brethren, that we who hold the priesting and the opportunity to serve the

I have spoken, and the magnifying hood of God are members of the greatLord and you brethren and appreciate their calling, are sanctified by the est brotherhood in the world. We are very much this privilege."

Spirit,"as Brother Hanks said, "unto expected to love one another and not Brethren, may we realize what a the renewing of their bodies."judge our brother. If anyone here togreat privilege it is for us to hold the

What an example we have before night has ill feelings or aught against priesthood of God, which is the power us tonight. "They become the sons of his brother, I urge, as the Savior has of God to act in his name, and may

Moses and of Aaron and the seed of admonished, that we all forgive one we magnify our calling, that it may be

Abraham, and the church and kingdom, another and show our love for him. possible for us to enjoy immortality

and the elect of God. No matter who you are, ill feelings or and eternal life, I humbly pray in

"And also all they who receive this a desire to hinder or hurt your brother the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

priesthood receive me, saith the Lord; will canker your soul, keep you from

"For he that receiveth my servants enjoying the Spirit of the Lord as you Tuesday Morning Session, receiveth me; could if you would love and forgive. April 6, 1965.

"And he that receiveth me receiveth Under no conditions should anyone my Father; holding the priesthood wish to harm

"And he that receiveth my Father or hurt his brother. We must keep that

in thereFather'sreceiveth mind. kingdom; my

fore all that Father back to this thought that I The Way to be hath shall Coming my expressed,given him. unto if we love the Lord, we will

this acPeace Revealed is according to the oath keep his commandments, "And we will and covenant which belongeth to the cept calls that come to us and magnify Marion G. Romney

priesthood."the priesthood and carry out the reOf the Council of the Twelve

I hope every stake president in this sponsibility.

Church, when he interviews a young Now in closing I should like to read man who is to be advanced in the a letter that I received from a young priesthood and ordained an elder, reads doctor. This is dated January 26, 1965: President McKay and Counselors, Presithis covenant and explains it to him: "It has been a little over a year since dent Smith, the rest of the General

"And this is according to the oath and you set me apart to my calling on the Authorities, brothers and sisters and covenant which belongeth to the priestpriesthood committee. I have been so friends. I am embarrassed. Since my

hood. thrilled with the experiences of the secretary gave the press and translators

"Therefore, all those who receive the past year and the tremendous blessings my notes, I have decided not to use priesthood, receive this oath and covethat this calling has brought into my them. Please accept my apologies, and

nant of my Father, which he cannot life and that of my family, as well as don't blame her. Brother Evans, my

break, neither can it be moved."my associates at the clinic, that I coworker, advised me on the way over

Who cannot break? The Lord cannot thought I would like to write you conhere this morning that we have a much

break. That is the only thing I know cerning two or three of these items. larger television and radio audience

the Lord cannot do, is break a cove- "In your blessing to me, the promise than I thought we would have. Therenant that he has made with his people; was made that my practice would not fore, on the 135th anniversary of the

and when he says, "All that I have is suffer during my absences from it. establishment of The Church of Jesus

thine,"(see ibid., 84:38) I would like During the past year, my calling took Christ of Latterday Saints, I have

to know, my brethren, what more we me away from the practice 84 days. decided to say a word or two about the

could ask for; and all we need to do An additional six days were spent atmessage the Lord charged this his

is to keep the commandments and tending the April and October conferChurch to declare, particularly with magnify our priesthood. Accept reences, all of which made a total of 90 respect to present and future world

sponsibility, brethren, and when you days absence."conditions.

accept responsibility, carry out the Listen, brethren: "As I mentioned to I make no apology for the scriptures

responsibility that is placed upon you. you before, my colleagues are very will- I am going to read. Of them the Lord

It has been a great strength to my ing to support me or any of us in said: "What I... have spoken, I have

testimony, to my appreciation of what church responsibilities and were pleased spoken, and I excuse not myself; and

this Church means and the strength to vicariously share the experiences and though the heavens and the earth pass it has as I have interviewed men to blessings I enjoyed. During our busiaway, my word shall not pass away,

be set apart to preside over missions ness meeting earlier this month, at but shall all be fulfilled,..."(D&C

and over stakes, and those who have which time we made an accounting of 1:38.) In using these scriptures, I have

been chosen to be bishops. Since being our past year's production, we were all no ill will toward the world—nothing

in this office and interviewing men surprisingly shocked to see that in spite but love and a hope that the world will for any of these offices, I have never of my absences, my gross production listen to what the Almighty himself had an individual, regardless of his was the highest of all the partners. has said.

condition, but who has said, "If this During last year, my admissions to the Fifteen months ago, in the Deseret is a call, I will go when you want me hospital also outnumbered each of the News, was a column in which Sydney

528 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery receive G I ylekhizedeKr tjnesthood O,..,,.,

Tet.etet;AT'

(james,

y Apostles of old, dek Priesthood upon the Prophet Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery in the late spring of 1829 on the banks of the Susquehanna

River near Harmony, Pennsylvania.

Of this important event the Lord said: ",.. Peter,

and James, and John, whom I have sent unto you, by whom I have ordained you and confirmed you to be apostles, and especial witnesses of my name, and bear the keys of your ministry and of the same things which I revealed unto them;

"Unto whom I have committed the keys of my kingdom, and a dispensation of the gospel for the last times; and for the

fulness of times, in the which

I will gather together in one all things, both which are in heaven, and which are on earth;"(D&C 27:1213.)

From the "Mormon"Pavilion of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, New York World's Fair.

Reproduced by permission.

(Copyright 1965) Painting by Kenneth Riley

J. Harris referred to an entry in one and only remedy therefor. We not eth in his own way, and after the image

the log of Peary when he was trying only know these things; but, as already of his own God, whose image is in

to reach the North Pole. said, we are under a divine charge to the likeness of the world,..."{Ibid.,

"On this trip, he traveled a whole declare them to the world. 1:1516.)

day [northward],... At night, when And so, pursuant to this charge, we We are, then, going forward backhe checked his bearings..., he found do declare that more than a century wards, and our afiluent society is tilled

to his surprise that he was much furago God our Eternal Father, knowing with much anxiety because the inhabither South than he had been in the where the course of men was leading, tants of the wond "... seek not the

morning. opened the heavens and gave warnmg. Lord to establish his righteousness, but

"Ail day... he had been driving He not only contirmed the drift; he every man waiketh in his own way,

toward the North on an immense pointed out the reason for it. He reand alter the image of his own God,

iceberg drawn southward by an ocean vealed also the remedy for it. He fur-..."(Ibid 1:16.) I ask you candidly,

current. ther predicted the awful consequences how could current attitudes of men

'And sometimes,"said the commenof a failure to follow that remedy. and nations throughout the world be

tator, "it occurs to me that we are all And finally, he gave assurance that more accurately described?

standing on this iceberg, racing forrighteousness, peace, and happiness To me the foregoing statements ward in one direction, while the very will ultimately prevail among the inclearly reveal the fact that if men ground beneath us moves implacably habitants of the earth. do not humble themselves and cease

in the other direction. This, of course, is not the time or relying solely upon their own wisdom,

"With tremendous speed and power, the place for an exhaustive review of if they do not turn and seek the Lord we are moving toward discoveries and what the Lord said on these vital issues. to establish his righteousness, they will

inventions that utterly dwarf Peary's A few quotations will suffice, however, implement the "decreed... end of

conquest of the North Pole. In medito indicate the nature of what he reall nations."(Ibid., 87:6.)

cine, in technology, in food supply, in vealed. As to the way to avoid the calamities,

materials and techniques and processes, First, as to the downward drift: On the Lord, in his preface to the publicawe have made more progress in the last the night of September 21, 1823, an tion of a compilation of some of the

fifty years than was made in the preangel, who introduced himself as "a revelations which he gave during the vious five hundred. messenger sent from the presence of restoration, said:

"Yet, at the same time, the ground God,"appeared at the bedside of "Wherefore, I the Lord, knowing the we are standing on steadily seems to Joseph Smith, Jun., and informed him calamity which should come upon the

move backward, drawn not by ocean "... of great judgments which were inhabitants of the earth, called upon

currents, but by social currents too vast coming upon the earth, with great desomy servant Joseph Smith, Jun., and

and deep for us to comprehend, much lations by famine, sword, and pestispake unto him from heaven, and gave less to control. lence; and that these grievous him commandments;

"As we check our bearings... at this judgments would come on the earth in "And also gave commandments to

point in history, we are more surprised this generation...."(Joseph Smith others, that they should proclaim these

and appalled than Peary to learn that 2:33, 45.) things unto the world; and all this....

we are 'farther South'than our fathers On Christmas day 1832 about thirty "... that man should not counsel

and grandfathers were. years before the Civil War broke out, his fellow man [that is, rely upon his

"The first twothirds of the 20th the Lord said to the Prophet: own judgment], neither trust in the

Century have witnessed a monumental "Verily, thus saith the Lord conarm of flesh regression from the hopes and aspiracerning the wars that will shortly come "But that every man might speak in tions of the 19th Century. For now, to pass, beginning at the rebellion of the name of God the Lord, even the

with all the new techniques at our disSouth Carolina, which will eventually Savior of the world;

posal for mastering nature and conterminate in the death and misery of "That faith also might increase in trolling our own destinies, we appear many souls; the earth;

further than ever from our goals.""And the time will come that war "That mine everlasting covenant

(Sydney J. Harris, Deseret News, Januwill be poured out upon all nations,... might be established [that from which

ary 7, 1964.) "And thus, with the sword and by the world had strayed];

From the October 13, 1964, issue of bloodshed the inhabitants of the earth "That the fulness of my gospel the same paper, I clipped the following shall mourn; and with famine, and might be proclaimed by the weak and

from Walter Lippmann. plague, and earthquake, and the thunthe simple unto the ends of the world,

"Nobody knows,"he says, "just why der of heaven, and the fierce and vivid and before kings and rulers."(Ibid.,

our affluent society is filled with so lightning also, shall the inhabitants 1:1723.)

much anxiety, or just why crime is inof the earth be made to feel the wrath, The commandments referred to in creasing so alarmingly among the and indignation, and chastening hand these scriptures, which were given to young,... These [and other conditions of an Almighty God, until the conthe Prophet Joseph Smith and which

which he cites] are all matters which sumption decreed hath made a full end others were commanded to declare to can be mentioned, but which cannot of all nations;"(D&C 87:1-2, 6.) the world, collectively embrace the

be debated seriously, because the wisest That the Lord's purpose in revealing pure and simple gospel of Jesus Christ, men among us are still searching for, these unhappy impending calamities which gospel is the remedy to the probbut have not found, the answers."was not to condemn but to save manlems of our times. Because it now is,

Now, like the rest of the world, inkind is evidenced by the fact that with and has always been, the only plan by formed Latterday Saints are fully the warning he identified the cause which men can live in righteousness, aware that our civilization is going forand revealed the means by which the peace, and happiness in the earth, the ward backwards and that our affluent calamities may be turned aside. Lord has from the beginning repeatedly

society is filled with much anxiety. But, As to their cause, he said, speaking revealed it. He revealed it to Adam.

unlike the rest of the world, we are not of the inhabitants of the earth, "... Thereafter he revealed it to Enoch, to

"still searching for... the answers."they have strayed from mine ordiNoah, the Jaredites, Abraham, Moses,

We know what they are. The Almighty nances, and have broken mine everand the prophets, and to the Nephites.

himself has revealed them. He has lasting covenant; Jesus himself personally taught it in

made known the cause of the down- "They seek not the Lord to establish the Meridian of Time, both in the land ward drift, and he has revealed the his righteousness, but every man walkof Jerusalem and in America. It conjune lses 529

tains the ordinances from which the "... the voice of the Lord is unto children shall grow up without sin

Lord said the inhabitants of the earth the ends of the earth,... unto all unto salvation.

had strayed. It is the "everlasting men,... "For the Lord shall be in their midst,

covenant"which he said they had "And again, verily I say unto you, and his glory shall be upon them, and broken. It leads men to "seek the O inhabitants of the earth: I the Lord he will be their king and their lawLord to establish his righteousness."am willing to make these things known giver."(Ibid., 45:9-10, 3940, 44, 5659.)

It is literally, as Paul says, "the power unto all flesh"; (Ibid., 1:11, 2, 34.) God grant that we may heed the

of God unto salvation."(Rom. 1:16.) As to who should make the declaramessage and be prepared for that great

For the purpose of saving mankind tion, the Lord was equally explicit. day I pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

in this world, and in the world to Speaking to the Prophet, he said, "... Amen.

come, the Lord revealed it anew in this ye shall teach them unto all men; for

dispensation through the Prophet they shall be taught unto all nations,

Smith, Through him alsoJoseph Jun. kindreds, tongues and people."(Ibid., Modern years ago today, 135 re42:58.)the Lord,

established his Church, "... even The "And the voice of warning shall be Revelation

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday unto all people, by the mouths of my

Saints"(D&C 115:4), commonly disciples, whom I have chosen in these Franklin D. Richards

known as "the Mormon Church."This last days."(Ibid., 1:4.) Assistant to

Church is the Lord's appointed cus- "Send forth the elders of my church the Council of the Twelve todian and legal administrator of the unto the nations which are afar off;

ordinances of his gospel. unto the islands of the sea; send

If enough people will accept and forth unto foreign lands; call upon all My dear brothers and sisters, I pray

live it, the troubles of the world will nations,..."(Ibid., 133:8.) that the Spirit of the Lord will guide

fade away as the hoarfrost before the In conclusion, let me say that the and direct me as I speak to you on this burning rays of the rising sun. Our message we declare includes the glorithe 135th anniversary of the organizagoing forward backwards will be reous assurance that in the end righteoustion of the Church.

versed, and the anxieties of our "affluness, peace, and happiness will come to One of the most frequent questions ent society"will diminish and cease. the inhabitants of the earth. Whether asked members of the Church is,

And what if enough people do not after the destruction foreshadowed or "What is the difference between The accept the remedy? Well, in such event as a result of repentance, men return to Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

the inhabitants of the earth will suffer his ordinances, abide by his everlastSaints and other churches?"

the consequences of their disobedience. ing covenant, and "seek the Lord to There are many important differ-

I say this humbly but confidently beestablish his righteousness,"remains ences, but one of the most basic and cause the Lord himself said to the to be seen. significant is stated in our ninth article

Prophet Joseph Smith in March of The assurance of the glorious day of of faith: "We believe all that God has

1829: peace is frequently given in connection revealed, all that He does now reveal,

"... this generation shall have my with references to the second advent and we believe that He will yet reveal

word through you"; and of our Lord Jesus Christ. This one I many great and important things per-

"Verily, I say unto you, that woe have taken from the 45th section of taining to the Kingdom of God."

shall come unto the inhabitants of the the Doctrine and Covenants. Many call us a peculiar people beearth if they will not hearken unto my "... I have sent mine everlasting cause we believe in modern revelation.

words; covenant into the world, to be a light By way of explanation, in the year

"For a desolating scourge shall go to the world, and to be a standard for 1820 Joseph Smith, a boy of 14, living forth among the inhabitants of the my people, and for the Gentiles to in the state of New York, was interearth, and shall continue to be poured seek to it, and to be a messenger before ested in joinine: a church but was

out from time to time, if they repent my face to prepare the way before me. unable to determine which church was

not, until the earth is empty, and the "Wherefore, come ye unto it,... right.

inhabitants thereof are consumed "And it shall come to pass that he In his own words he said, "While I away and utterly destroyed by the that feareth me shall be looking forth was laboring under the extreme diffibrightness of my coming. for the great day of the Lord to come, culties caused by the contests of these

"Behold, I tell you these things, even even for the signs of the coming of parties of religionists, I was one day as I also told the people of the destructhe Son of Man. reading the Epistle of James, first chaption of Jerusalem; and my word shall "And they shall see signs and wonter and fifth verse, which reads, 'If any

be verified at this time as it hath ders, for they shall be shown forth in of you lack wisdom, let him ask of hitherto been verified."(Ibid. 5:10, the heavens above, and in the earth God, that giveth to all men liberally,

5, 1920.) beneath.... and upbraideth not; and it shall be

Our choice, then, is clear. Men, in "... and, behold, I will come; and given him.'

the exercise of their Godgiven free they shall see me in the clouds of "Never did any passage of scripture agency, will make—in fact, they are heaven, clothed with power and great come with more power to the heart ofnow making day by day—the decision. glory; with all the holy angels;... man than this did at this time to mine.

Such, in brief and inadequate out- "And at that day,... shall the parIt seemed to enter with great force into

line, is the message which we, the able be fulfilled which I spake conevery feeling of my heart....

members of The Church of Jesus Christ cerning the ten virgins. "At length I came to the conclusion

of Latterday Saints, are under divine "For they that are wise and have that I must either remain in darkness charge to declare to the world. For as received the truth [the gospel of Jesus and confusion, or else I must do as

the Lord told his prophets in dispensaChrist], and have taken the Holy Spirit James directs, that is, ask of God. I at

tions past, so he told his modern for their guide [and are directed by length came to the determination to

Prophet, Joseph Smith, that the revelathe Holy Ghost], and have not been 'ask of god."'(Joseph Smith 2:1113.)

tions which had been given to him deceived—verily I say unto you, they So in accordance with his determinawere not for the sake of himself and his... shall abide the day. tion to ask of God, one beautiful spring

associates only, but were for the sake "And the earth shall be given unto morning in 1820 he retired to a grove of the whole world. In the preface them for an inheritance; and they shall of trees on his father's farm and knelt

already referred to he said, multiply and wax strong, and their in prayer.

530 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA As he was praying he saw a pillar of Personages—as separate and distinct goals? To some our goal is a simple

light exactly over his head, above the as any earthly father and son. This one; we're rich, let's get richer. We

brightness of the sun, which descended makes it clear that the oneness of the hear of three cars to a family, instead gradually until it fell upon him. When Godhead is a type of unity of mind of two; fourday work weeks and three

the light rested upon him, he saw, and purpose. days a week for amusement and indostanding above him in the air, two Third. It proved that revelation from lence. It is questionable whether three

personages in the form of men, whose God to man had not ceased even cars will save a family from divorce, or brightness and glory defied all dethough Christendom taught otherwise. from spiritual emptiness, or from borescription. One of them called Joseph Thus this great vision restored to dom.

Smith by name and said, "This is My man the true concept of God, made "Getting richer was yesterday's fronBeloved Son. Hear Him."(Ibid., 2:17.) known that there had been an apostasy tier. The new frontier is what logically

He could see them as clearly as we from the doctrines of the Church of follows the job of making a living. It

see one another. And he could see that Christ, opened a new dispensation, and is making a life. Finding new paths to

his own body was created in the image provided a new witness for God the family harmony, relatedness to God and likeness of God. At that time the Father and his Son Jesus Christ. and fellow humans, inner ease instead

churches taught that God was only a In contemplating the knowledge that of tensions. In other words—Peace."

spirit, that he had no body. came to man through Joseph Smith's Jesus was called the Prince of Peace,

Yes, God does have a body, and he first vision, one can more fully underand at his coming the angels sang, made us to be like him. I know this to stand the meaning of the ninth article "Glory to God in the highest, and on

be true: that God lives and that Jesus of faith: "We believe all that God has earth peace, good will toward men."

is our Savior and Redeemer. revealed, all that He does now reveal, (Luke 2:14.) It was God's wish that

In the grove of trees that day, Joseph and we believe that He will yet reveal everyone would share this great gift of

Smith asked the Savior which of all the many great and important things perpeace and good will.

sects was right and which he should taining to the Kingdom of God."Peace and joy characterize his kingjoin. Especially note the words, "we believe dom according to the Apostle Paul,

He was told that he should join none that He will yet reveal many great and who declared: "For the kingdom of

of them, for they were all wrong, that important things pertaining to the God is not meat and drink; but rightthey taught for doctrines the comKingdom of God."eousness, and peace, and joy in the

mandments of men, having a form of In keeping with this belief and subHoly Ghost."(Rom. 14:17.)

godliness but denying the power sequent to the first vision, the Lord Family harmony, the relief of inner thereof. through his Prophet restored the priesttensions and genuine peace can be

This was a most startling message as hood—the authority to act in the name obtained by adhering to the principlesit was an indictment of all churches of God—and authorized and directed of the gospel of Jesus Christ, and by

in existence at that time. the reestablishment of his Church on following the counsel and direction of

Joseph Smith's vision is probably the the earth. Membership in the Church God's prophet.

most outstanding in the history of affords every person a. chance to serve Recently President McKay reemphaGod's relationship with man. With the—and service brings forth true happisized the importance of the home and

exception of Stephen's vision as deness and peace together with personal the role of parents in a program which scribed in the seventh chapter of Acts, growth and development. is called, "Teaching and living the

background—theGod the Father hasJehovahremainedof thein Oldthe stoodThroughat the theheadprophetsof Christ'sthatChurchhave gospelprovidesinforthea weeklyhome."familyThis night.program

Testament being the preexistent Spirit in this dispensation, the gospel in its He said, "No other success can comof Jesus Christ, the Son of God the fulness has been restored. pensate for failure in the home,"(The

Father. The Book of Mormon and other Improvement Era, June 1964, p. 445)

With the opening of the Dispensamodern revelations have brought inbut promised that in those homes that tion of the Fulness of Times, it was creased knowledge and understanding, followed the program, "... love at

entirely appropriate that a fulness of answering many vital questions such home and obedience to parents will the knowledge of God should be reas: "What is the purpose of life?"increase, and faith will develop in the

vealed to the Prophet. The importance "Where did we come from?""Why are hearts of the youth of Israel, and they

of the dispensation was indicated by we here?""Where do we go after will gain power to combat evil inthe Father introducing the Son to the death?""What is our relationship to fluences and temptations, and to choose

Prophet Joseph. I bear you my witness God?""How do we obtain happiness, righteousness and peace, and be asthat Joseph Smith is indeed one of the peace, and progress eternally?"sured an eternal place in the family

great prophets of all time. The first vision of Joseph Smith circle of our Father."(Family Home

It is difficult to appreciate the farclearly indicated the need of continuEvening Manual, preface.)

reachingvision—theeffectsfirst ofdirectthe Prophet'srevelation firstin needing revelationis likewisethroughpressinga prophet.today. This ninthI callarticleyourof attentionfaith whereinagainit tostates,the

modern times. Consider for a moment The confused and frustrated con- "... we believe that [God] will yet

what it did. dition of mankind is indicated in an reveal many great and important

First. It clarified the conception of article which recently appeared in a things pertaining to the Kingdom of

the Godhead. It made it clear that God leading newspaper entitled: Nation at God."

does have a body, parts, and passions. Crossroads of Advancement or Fall. The Family Night program is an

He appeared to Joseph Smith as a "Our progress, our genius, our pro excellent example of this and an eviglorified man. This being so, man is ductivity will go down in history. But dence of the need of continued revelain form the same as God. The scripwhere do we go from here? We've tion and a prophet to guide and direct

tures taught that man was created in taken to the worship of money and us.

the likeness and image of God, but it pleasure, twisted moral values to suit I testify in all solemnity that God took this vision to restore the correct ourselves, and scoffed at integrity. We has raised up a prophet today and that

conception of God. have behaved like great civilizations he is the head of The Church of Jesus

Second. It clarified the doctrine of of the past when they've become Christ of Latterday Saints, President

the oneness of the the Godhead. God O. before they crumDavid McKay.

Father Son, pleasureridden—justbled. apand his all Jesus Christ, I urge members of the Church to

peared as two separate and distinct "Where do we go? What are our new follow the counsel of this prophet, and

JUNE 196S 531 to you who are not members of The jah in these latter days to restore the dren the promises made to the fathers,

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday preparatory Aaronic Priesthood before the children should be sealed to the

Saints, but desire peace and relief the greater power in the priesthood fathers, otherwise the meaning of life from inner tensions, investigate the was given. would be misunderstood and the whole

message that God has again spoken to Among Jewish people Elijah is still purpose of life on this earth would be men through a prophet. The Lord has the expected guest at every passover, utterly wasted when Christ should rerestored the gospel of Jesus Christ in for whom a vacant seat is reserved turn again to claim his children.

its fulness and reestablished his Church at the table. Thus the tradition of First of all, then, we may ask a

with the power to act in the name of Elijah's return before the coming of question. What were the promises

God. the Redeemer in power and glory has made to the fathers which are so im-

I bear witness that these things are been kept alive in the land. There portant to our understanding? The

true; you, too, may know that they must, therefore, be some important first father was Adam, and the Lord

are true by earnestly studying, praying, work that this great prophet had to gave him a commandment to teach and attending the church services. We perlorm, some power that he possessed this promise freely unto his children,

invite you to do so. which had to be restored again to the saying:

I leave this testimony with you in children of men so that they might "That by reason of transgression the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. be gathered as the "children of God."cometh the fall, which fall bringeth

At the close of his ministry we read death, and inasmuch as ye were born that as Elijah talked to his successor into the world by water, and blood,

Elisha: and the spirit, which I have made,

"... behold, there appeared a chariot and so became of dust a living soul,

of fire, and horses of fire, and parted even so ye must be born again into them both asunder; and Elijah went the kingdom of heaven, of water, and

up by a whirlwind into heaven."of the Spirit, and be cleansed by blood,

(2 Kings 2:11.) even the blood of mine Only Begotten;

Thus Elijah enjoyed the same glothat ye might be sanctified from all rious privilege that Enoch had of not sin and enjoy the words of eternal tasting death but of being translated. life in this world, and eternal life in

A prophecy given in Malachi, chapAccording to prophecy both prophets the world to come, even immortal ter 4, verses 5 and 6, has long bothered had a special work to do which reglory;

Bible students. Since the Old Testaquired this change in their mortal "For by the water ye keep the comment closes with these words, it would bodies. mandment; by the Spirit ye are

be well to understand what they mean. It stretches credulity beyond the justified, and by the blood ye are

I quote: breaking point to assume that Joseph sanctified;

"Behold, I will send you Elijah the Smith the Prophet could have kept all "Therefore it is given to abide in prophet before the coming of the great these details in mind when the fulness you; the record of heaven; the Comand dreadful day of the Lord: of the gospel was restored. There is forter; the peaceable things of immor-

"And he shall turn the heart of the only one explanation which can fill tal glory; the truth of all things; that

fathers to the children, and the heart all the requirements of the scripture, which quickeneth all things, which of the children to their fathers, lest I and this is that the events transpired maketh alive all things; that which

come and smite the earth with a just as he claimed they did. Following knoweth all things, and hath all

curse."his great vision of the Father and the power according to wisdom, mercy,

Because of a misunderstanding of Son, an angel came to administer to truth, justice, and judgment.

Luke 1:17, which states that the child Joseph and teach him what had to be "And now, behold I say unto you:

later to be named John the Baptist done to restore the gospel again to the This is the plan of salvation unto all would come in the spirit and power of earth before the coming of the great men, through the blood of mine Only

Elias to turn the hearts of the fathers and dreadful day for the wicked, but Begotten, who shall come in the to the children, many persons have for the righteous, the glorious day of meridian of time."(Moses 6:5962.

thought that John the Baptist who the Lord. Italics added.)

held the office of an Elias, or messenIn the second great vision which When Adam, hearing and underger, was the Elijah who was to return. Joseph Smith received, the Angel standing these words, made this coveThis verse explains that John's work Moroni quoted the words of Malachi nant and was sealed accordingly to

was a preparatory work to "make as they were originally written and become alive both spiritually and ready a people prepared for the Lord"should have been translated: physically, God said to him:

and not the work of sealing or com- "Behold, I will reveal unto you the "... Thou art baptized with fire,

pletion, which keys Elijah held. When Priesthood, by the hand of Elijah the and with the Holy Ghost. This is the

John was bluntly asked the question, prophet, before the coming of the record of the Father, and the Son, from he said: great and dreadful day of the Lord. henceforth and forever;

"... I am not the Christ. "And he shall plant in the hearts "And thou art after the order of him

"And they asked him, What then? of the children the promises made to who was without beginning of days

Art thou Elias [Elijah]? And he saith, the fathers, and the hearts of the chilor end of years, from all eternity to

I am not. Art thou that prophet? And dren shall turn to their fathers. all eternity.

he answered, No."(John 1:2021.) "If it were not so, the whole earth "Behold, thou art one in me, a son

This, of course, had to be true, for would be utterly wasted at his comof God; and thus may all become my

the prophecy stated that Elijah the ing."(D&C 2:1-3.) sons. Amen."(Ibid., 6:6668.)

Prophet should return before the secAfter Joseph Smith received the Thus Adam was sealed a son of God ond coming of the Lord, when Jesus priesthood and the power thereof, it by the priesthood, and this promise was to come in great power, majesty, was explained to him that the word was taught among the fathers from and glory as judge of all the earth. "turn"could be better understood if that time forth as a glorious hope to

The mission of Elias held by John the the word "seal"were used. Thus the men and women on the earth if they

Baptist comes first, and so just as John full meaning of the work of the priestwould listen and give heed to these came before Elijah in the days of hood becomes clear, that after Elijah promises.

Jesus Christ, so John came before Elishall plant in the hearts of the chilIt was this power of sealing which

532 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA was given as a key to Elijah by which revealed, but there was as yet no sealpossible for a man to prove his love he could seal the heavens that it did ing power given. This came with lor his wile and family by living righnot rain on the wicked King Ahab Elijah's visit as he restored the sealing teously enough to be worthy to take

and his unrighteous wife Jezebel nor power of the priesthood to the earth. them with him into a temple of the

on his whole kingdom for the space I want to impress upon the memLord and have them sealed to him, of three years and six months (Luke bers of the Church of Jesus Christ that not for this life alone, but by this great 4:25; James 5:1) until the power of the great key of the priesthood which sealing power to have that union sealed

God was felt in the land. Later through was given by Elijah to Joseph was the in the heavens for all eternity. When

the use of this priesthood, Elijah loosed authority to seal on earth and have the poet sang of a love which would the rains, which came again to restore that sealing become effective in the last until the "stars grow old and the life to the parched land. It was this heavens. It was not the work for the sun grows cold,"he was not singing

same sealing power which Jesus Christ dead which he restored, but the power of a love that was only to last "until promised Peter as he said: to seal the living which made work death do you part,"but of a marriage

"And I will give unto thee the keys for the dead possible. It must be underthat would last throughout the eternity

of the kingdom of heaven: and whatsostood that the power of Elijah is given of time, never withering, never dying,

ever thou shalt bind on earth shall be to the living, not to the dead. It is the never growing old or commonplace.

bound in heaven: and whatsoever thou living which are to be sealed to one By the same token, then, our hearts

shalt loose on earth shall be loosed in another according to family lines, being turned to the promises made heaven."(Matt. 16:19.) father to mother and parents to chilto the fathers, we are also turned to the

This sealing power of the priesthood dren and children to parents. Only fathers themselves. Should they lanhe later gave to the Twelve Apostles as through the exercise of this great sealguish in a spirit prison or be held back

he said to them: ing power of the priesthood for the from spiritual growth because they

"Verily I say unto you, Whatsoever living do baptism for the dead and were born at a time when this sealing ye shall bind on earth shall be bound salvation for the dead become meanpower was not on the earth? As God

in heaven: and whatsoever ye shall ingful and possible. is a just God and one who loves his

loose on earth shall be loosed in When the living are sealed, they children, a way has been prepared heaven."(Ibid., 18:18.) may act as proxies for those who are whereby those who are dead may be

Thus, when, according to prophecy dead, for as Peter taught: identified and then sealed together

the Lord restored the sealing power "For for this cause was the gospel in a family relationship in the temples of the priesthood to earth again, he preached also to them that are dead, of the Lord by their descendants who informed Joseph that he would send: that they might be judged according love them enough to do this work for

"... Elijah, unto whom I have comto men in the flesh, but live according them.

mitted the keys of the power of turning to God in the spirit."(1 Peter 4:6.) We have assumed that this work was

[sealing] the hearts of the fathers to It was for this purpose that Jesus to be done merely as a gesture of grace the children, and the hearts of the Christ preached to the spirits in prison, on the part of the living for those of children to the fathers, that the whole that they might be converted and be our ancestors who are dead. This is a

earth may not be smitten with a curse;"willing to accept the sealings performed misconception which comes from not

(D&C 27:9.) in their behalf by their living descenunderstanding the full meaning of the

Joseph Smith recorded how this dants. Unless the family of the righgospel. The plan of salvation is the

came to pass on April 3, 1836, in the teous are thus sealed together from plan of saving the children of God in temple at Kirtland, Ohio, as he wrote: father to son and from mother to a family relationship. Indeed, we may

"After this vision had closed, another daughter back to Adam and from call this a universal salvation because great and glorious vision burst upon Adam to Christ and from Jesus Christ it applies to all men and women who us; for Elijah the prophet, who was to God the Eternal Father, the purpose will qualify themselves through retaken to heaven without tasting death, of earth life has been missed, and life pentance and desire to become the

stood before us, and said: itself has been a waste. children of God. We cannot be saved

"Behold, the time has fully come, By the power of this priesthood rewithout our progenitors. In spite of

which was spoken of by the mouth of stored by the Prophet Elijah, it is now the faith of all the prophets as cited

Malachi—testifying that he [Elijah]

should be sent, before the great and dreadful day of the Lord come "To turn the hearts of the fathers to the children, and the children to the fathers, lest the whole earth be smitten with a curse "Therefore, the keys of this dispensation are committed into your hands;

and by this ye may know that the great and dreadful day of the Lord is near, even at the doors."(Ibid., 110:1316.)

The question is sometimes asked why the Prophet Joseph Smith forgot to include a baptismal font in the Kirtland Temple so that the work of salvation for the dead could be done. He

did not forget or overlook this matter.

The doctrine had not yet been fully revealed, and there was as yet no sealing power given. It is true that

the Melchizedek Priesthood had been restored by Peter, James, and John Conference time is the season for seeing old friends and making new ones on and the gospel ordinances had been Temple Square.

JUNE 1965 S33 by Paul in the eleventh chapter of should be the greatest means of uniting cial blessing came to my office. When

Hebrews, he concludes by saying: the family. I asked her why she wanted a special

"And these all, having obtained a I can't understand how anyone who blessing, she refused to tell me. I

good report through faith, received not has been married in the temple and learned from her that her husband was the promise: understands the meaning of celestial a member of the Church and held the

"God having provided some better marriage, which is for time and all Melchizedek Priesthood, so I spent thing for us, that they without us eternity, can get himself in such a conconsiderable time trying to teach her should not be made perfect."(Heb. dition as even to consider divorce. the principle of priesthood order, where

11:3940.) I am pleased with the increasing the father in the home should bless the

We must be linked to them, and reports of success in missionary work members of the family, and concluded they to their fathers and mothers back as a result of teaching families. The a long discussion of teaching her this

to Father Adam and Mother Eve, and fundamental purpose for which this principle, by having her go home to they to Jesus Christ, and he to God as earth was created was to establish indiget her blessing from her husband inhis Only Begotten Son in the flesh. vidual families forever. The family is stead of from me.

Thus to save our own selves and to the only organization which is eternal. Sometime later she returned to my

complete our own salvation, we must In the beginning God said, "It is not office, refreshed my memory of this have our hearts turned to our fathers, good for man to be alone."(See Gen. experience, and said she left my office

seek out their identities, and perform 2:18.) very resentful. Here I thought I had

the work of salvation for them. We One of the fundamental purposes of done a good job in teaching her this

will be held accountable for their this life is to have experiences whereby principle of priesthood order, so I had blood unless we do so. we may learn to be perfect. Man is not to ask more questions to find out what

So the work of Elijah was not conperfect without the woman, nor is the had happened.

fined to the living or to the dead. It woman perfect without the man. She said the reason she refused to

was a universal mission both for the The Lord said unto Adam and Eve, tell me why she wanted a blessing living and the dead whereby the way as he drove them from the Garden of was that she wanted the blessing bewas opened for all who will to hearken Eden, that they might learn obedience cause there wasn't the proper relationand obey and so receive the glory reby their own experience. ship between her and her husband,

served for those who love the Lord. As He said "they,"not the singular and then I had sent her home to get a

Jesus told John the Beloved: pronoun but the plural. We are given blessing from her husband. So natu-

"Behold, I stand at the door, and many varied experiences in this life rally she was a little bit resentful.

knock: if any man hear my voice and to prepare us to live together forever. Then she added, "That was one of

open the door, I will come in to him, These experiences should bring an the finest things that ever happened."

and will sup with him, and he with ever increasing love for each other. She said she went home, she prayed

me."(Rev. 3:20.) This includes learning to be patient about it, she thought about it, and

So the knock is at the door. Any with each other, to develop increasing then finally she mustered enough courman who really loves his wife and his tolerance, consideration, and kindness. age to ask her husband for the blessfamily will not rest until he can Love is eternal and knows no bounds ing. Of course it shocked him, but she

qualify himself by acceptance of the and has no measurable limits. was patient; she let him think it over

Lord Jesus Christ and by righteous livPriesthood and motherhood go hand a bit, ponder about it, and pray about ing to take his wife and family with in hand. Neither is complete without it; and finally he gave her a blessing.

him into the temple of the Lord and the other. Both are eternal. A perfect Then she added, "There has never

there have them sealed to him forever family requires the proper fulfilment been such a fine relationship in our under the sealing power of the priestof both. This life is to help us fulfil home in all our lives as we have had

hood, which was brought again to these two responsibilities, that we may since he gave me that blessing."

earth by the hand of the Prophet Eliexercise them through eternity. Naturally I could see what had hapjah that our hearts may be filled with Priesthood is patriarchal, which pened. This is a twoway street. First

these great promises made to the means "of the father."A married man she had to clean her side of the

fathers and that we may be sealed into is the patriarch of his home and is slate and humble herself. Then she

the family of Jesus Christ and through responsible to bless members of his asked him for the blessing, and he had him to be brought into the presence family. The exercising of this privilege to humble himself and clean his side

of God the Eternal Father. could be a means of preventing many of the slate. Then he sealed the bless-

I testify of the truth of these things broken homes. We think of a priesting upon her which they had fulin the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. hood holder as one who should bless or filled by living the law upon which

christen his children, baptize and conthe blessing was predicated. This is

firm them, and perform the other priesthood order.

ordinances of the gospel in behalf of Brethren, magnify your priesthood.

forget that children Bless family, your your and wife. other the order follow Family Unity membersit is not requiredof his family.to haveWe some your we When

through a ordinance such as christening and conwhich the Lord has laid out for us, we

Father's Blessing firmingfather toattachedbless membersthereto ofto hisenablefamily.the wouldcannot savefail. manyI believeteeteringthismarriagespractice

Eldred G. Smith His responsibility is not only to bless and increase the unity in many homes.

Patriarch to the Church his children, but his wife is an imporIt is usually the wife who is trying to tant member of his family too. Yes, we save the marriage. This is a twoway

think of blessing the wife when she is street. It requires the efforts of both.

We have heard much concerning sick, but if the relationship between Too many couples are living lives family unity in the home during this husband and wife becomes a bit of "quiet desperation."I don't know

conference. Truly this is a family strained, wouldn't it be a good thing who used that term first, but it is so

church. for the husband to give his wife a expressive. Some go through life just

I, too, am concerned at the far too blessing for the purpose of increasing tolerating each other rather than cormany divorces and temple cancellathe unity and love for each other? recting the trouble. Do something

tions and signs of disunity among I remember an experience I had about it. Exercise the priesthood which

members of the Church. The gospel when a good sister who wanted a speis in your home.

534 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA First, each must have a desire to get of who I was, and what I was when the Speaking of this fundamental realong with each other. Each must be Mormon elders came to my home, and quirement, all of the mistakes in docwilling to do something to make who I am today and what I am, and trine could have been avoided if the

amends. Each must be willing to for- I just can't believe that I am the same Lord had just had living prophets for

give and forget. Wipe the slate clean man."He said, "I have changed so the world, and that is what has brought

of all unpleasant memories. much. I don't think the same thoughts. us to what we are today. If all of the

Ask the Father for help. Ask him to I don't have the same habits. I don't Bibles in this world had been debless your efforts with success. Ask have the same ideals to live by. I have stroyed, we would still be preaching

together, as well as separately in'indicompletely changed."Isn't that what what we are preaching. We didn't get

vidual prayers. Kneel together and the Apostle Paul meant when he said our Church by a study of the Bible;

pray vocally together. that we are buried with Christ in bapwe got it through the revelations of

When you are married you must tism and that as he arose to the glory God the Eternal Father and the sendlearn to do all things together. You of his Father that we should come forth ing to this earth of heavenly messenare no longer single individuals. and walk in a newness of life, knowing gers that have brought back the power

The joy and happiness that comes this first, that our old man of sin is to officiate in the name of the Lord from sharing this life together, living buried with him? (See Rom. 6:4.) and have given us a clear, comprethe gospel in its fulness, is worth all You can go all over this Church and hensive understanding of the truths

the effort you put into it, and it will apply that to all who have come in of the gospel.

be rewarding in this life and through in faith and have entered into the waWhen I was in Holland on a misall eternity. ters of baptism and have taken upon sion, I was invited at one time to talk

May we all strive to this end is my them the name of Christ our Lord. to a group of businessmen—a Bible

prayer in the name of Jesus Christ. According to the statistics here today class. We met in the home of a promAmen. we had nearly 100,000 converts during inent furniture dealer. They gave me

the last year, people who have left the an hour and a half and a subject to teachings of their youth and joined discuss. At the close of the hour and

this Church because they found some- a half I don't think there had been one

Missionary thingpossess inin ittheirthatowntheychurches.did not already questiontable andasked.foldedI laidmy armsmy Bibleand waitedon the

Experiences prominentDuring theministeryear wewhoconvertedhas helda veryreforcamea fromcomment.a daughterThe offirstthecommentman of

LeGrand Richards ligious revivals all over the United the house. She was the only woman

Of the Council of the Twelve States and has known many, many in the room at that time with about ministers. I visited with him, and this twenty businessmen, each with his

is what convinced him: He realized Bible. She said, "Father, I just can't

how this world was divided upon understand it. I have never attended

My brothers and sisters, in your presspiritual matters. If you just stop to one of these Bible classes in my life

ence this morning I would like to exthink for a moment of all the hundreds that you haven't had the last word to press my gratitude to my Heavenly of socalled Christian churches in the say on everything, and tonight you

Father for my membership in his world, they have all come into exishaven't said a word."

Church, and for what it means to me tence because they couldn't agree in He shook his head and said, "There and my family, and for the pattern of their interpretation of the Bible. If we isn't anything to say. This man has

life that it gives us to live by, and for had all the Bibles in the world, that been teaching us things we have never the thousands of faithful Latterday wouldn't unite Christianity. It comes heard of, and he has been teaching

Saints who are such wonderful friends back to what was mentioned here a them to us out of our own Bibles."

everywhere I go in the Church. This few moments ago by Brother Franklin Now, that's why we have to have

is the greatest brotherhood in all the D. Richards, that one of the fundamodern revelation. No one but God

world. mentals of this Church is modern the Eternal Father could give us the

Many of you know that I have spent revelation, and that is what convinced truth.

many years in missionary service, and this minister that I have been talking You will remember the promise we

I thank the Lord for this great arm of about. read in the Book of Mormon how the

his Church. As we heard here today in He has now been going around reLord promised Joseph, who was sold

the statistics that were given, there are newing friendships with many of the into Egypt, that he would raise up a over 16,000 at the present time engaged ministers he has known and making prophet from his loins in the latter in this missionary work, one of the appointments for one of our brethren days by the name of Joseph, whose most unselfish contributions for the to meet with them and talk with them, father's name would be Joseph. He

blessing of humanity that this world and they are beginning to recognize would bring forth his word. He not

has ever known. And as we labor that the great loss in this Christian only would bring forth his word, but

among the people and see what the world today is the lack of modern revewould also bring men to conviction of gospel does for them, that is when we lation—lack of something authoritahis word that had already gone forth

really realize what a marvelous thing tive that we can turn to that tells us among them. (See 2 Nephi 3:7-15.)

this work is. what is right and what is wrong. How And that is what our message is as

I would like to make reference today could we hope with some hundreds of missionaries to the world: it is to

to a few of my experiences. When I these different churches that they can teach them the truths that have been

was president of a mission, a brother ever get together and reconcile their revealed through the restoration of the was on his way home from doing his differences, and even if they did that, gospel, through the promised prophet.

branch teaching, and he saw my light where would they get their authority to I would like to refer to another exburning, and he belled on, and said, bind the heavens to which reference perience I had a few years ago. Two

"President Richards, I was just wonhas been made here today? of the large churches of the western

dering, as I was going home, when I And so we come back to the story part of the United States were holding saw your light, if you would be interthat has been told us during this con- a convention here in Salt Lake City.

ested in knowing what I was thinking."ference of a search for truth on the part The leader wrote a letter to President

And I told him I certainly would. So of the Prophet Joseph Smith and its McKay and asked if he would send

he came in. He said, "I was thinking importance in our lives. one of the General Authorities to atJUNE 1965 535

tend that convention and to talk for the crown of my head to the soles of the eternal world.

two hours in the morning session and my feet such as I had never felt in my And that is what the Lord has promtell them the story of Mormonism lite, and I knew that no man could do ised us through modern revelation. We

and to remain as their guest for lunch that for me, that such feelings had to don't have to depend upon man's inand then to remain for an hour and a come from the Lord."terpretation of the Bible. We have the

half in the atternoon and let them When he sat in my office, he said word of the Lord himself to his Prophask questions. this, "Brother Richards, when I think et of this dispensation, telling us what

President McKay gave me the of how little I had to offer my people we must do to have our wives and assignment, and of course I was happy as a minister of the gospel compared our children throughout the countbecause I have always told the missionto what I now have in the fulness of less ages of eternity. No wonder the

aries that you never need to worry the gospel as it has been restored, I Christian world, who know nothing about arguing as long as you learn want to go back and tell all my friends about the three degrees of glory that how to tell our story and you keep the what I have found. Now they won't President Brown spoke about, don't

lead, for you are telling people things listen to me. I am an apostate from know how to plan. There never was

they have never heard of. They their church."But his conversion was a time that the Lord gave this revelapushed their luncheon back a half an so genuine that he gave up his ministion as completely, as far as we know,

hour and gave me two hours and a try and took a menial job in order that until that revelation was given to the half. I said, "Do you want it just the he might become a member of the Prophet Joseph Smith.

way we believe it, how we got this Church of Jesus Christ and worship Paul was caught up into the third

Church and what we believe?"And God the Eternal Father according to heaven and the paradise of God, and

the leader said, "That's what we want."the new conversion and conviction that he saw things he was not permitted

Of course, there isn't time to tell you the Lord had planted in his heart. to write. (See 2 Cor. 12:2-4.) He must

very much about that, but I talked for He pointed to this temple here on have seen something pretty wonderful two hours and a half to them, and this temple block and said, "I can't wait by the time he had passed the first and when I went to leave, the man in to get in there with my wife."That was the second heaven and the paradise of

charge said, "Mr. Richards, this has one of the principles that appealed to God into the third heaven, but he did

been one of the most interesting experihim. How could any true Christian say, "Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard,

ences of my entire life."who lives the principles of righteousneither have entered into the heart of

All those leaders, ministers, church ness and treats his wife and his chilman, the things which God hath preexecutives of these western states only dren as he should—how could he ever pared for them that love him."( 1 Cor.

asked me one question, and I think you look forward to an eternity without 2:9.)

might be interested in what that questhe companionship of his wife and his I thank the Lord that we have the tion was. The leader said, "Now, Mr. children? And yet because of lack of truth. I like the statement made by

Richards, you have told us that you divine inspiration and modern revelaAnderson M. Baten to his wife Beulah,

believe that God is a personal God."tion, the scriptures have been so misin which he said:

I said, "That's right, that's the very understood that there isn't another one "I wed thee forever, not for now, foundation of our religion: whom we of the reputable churches of this world, Not for the sham of earth's brief years.

worship."according to my investigation, that be- I wed thee for the life beyond the tears,

Now, brothers and sisters, we have lieves that the marriage covenant and Beyond the heartache and clouded nothing to fear; we have everything the family unit will project itself brow.

to give. The heavens have been opened, beyond the grave. Love knows no grave, and it shall guide

and the Lord has revealed his truth. We have had some wonderful talks us, dear,

By the way, this minister I just told on this subject in this conference. When life's spent candles flutter, and

you about that believes in modern President Joseph Fielding Smith gave burn low."

revelation has another minister ready us a wonderful doctrinal talk in the One other thought along that line.

for baptism who gives a radio address first meeting on this subject. But people I preached a sermon on this subject

every day in one of our largest cities, have been misled, and what is there in the mission field, and I quoted from and the only thing that is holding him now to induce them to live the kind all the major churches from their offiback is that he doesn't know what he of lives they ought to live. We have cial statements to the effect that not

is going to do for a living when he to have a foundation upon which to one of them believed in the eternal joins the Church. But he has already build. I like the story they tell about duration of the marriage covenant and

confessed that he believes that Joseph when they built this great temple here the family unit. At the close of the

Smith was a Prophet of God. on this temple block, and they tell meeting I stood at the door to greet

Sometime back, we converted a us that the footings are sixteen feet the people, and a man came up and minister who had been a minister for wide, and at one time President Brigintroduced himself as a Baptist ministhirty years. I heard a letter read that ham Young came along and saw them ter, and I said, "Did I misquote you?"

he wrote in which he said he had throwing in some chipped granite. "No,"he said, "Mr. Richards, but

always believed that he had as much He made them take it out and put in it's just as you say, we don't believe authority as any man to administer the these great granite blocks with this all the things our churches teach."

ordinances of the gospel until he met explanation: "We are building this I said, "You don't believe them

the Mormon missionaries. "Now,"he temple to stand through the milleneither. Why don't you go back and

said, "I have come to believe that I nium."teach your people the truth. They will

must accept baptism at their hands,"Is there any man in Israel or any take it from you, and they are not and after he was baptized, he told me man who truly loves his family who ready to take it from the Mormon this himself as he sat in my office. He doesn't want to build his home to stand elders yet."

said, "I accepted Joseph Smith as a through the millennium? Can you He said, "I'll see you again."That is

Prophet of God. I didn't feel that I imagine living forever and forever all I could get out of him that day.

could say I knew he was a Prophet, without the companionship of your The next time I went there, my combut I believed he was a Prophet. But,"wife and your children? I would just as ing was announced because I was the

he said, "when the elders of Israel laid soon believe that death is a complete mission president. As I walked up to

their hands upon my head and conannihilation of both body and spirit that little church, there stood that ferred upon me the Aaronic Priesthood, as to think that the ties that are so minister. As we shook hands, I said,

I felt a thrill go through my being from sacred here could not be projected into "I would certainly be interested to.

536 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA know what you thought of my last The purposes of the Lord—the great should have been issued years ago. Ifsermon."objectives—continue the same: the salthis is true then the Lord will hold

He said, "Mr. Richards, I have been vation and exaltation of his children. his servants accountable; but no one

thinking about it ever since, and I Usually the Lord gives us the overall can say that from the inception of the believe every word you said, but I objectives to be accomplished and Church up to the present day the Lord would have liked to hear the rest of it."some guidelines to follow, but he exthrough his Spint to the individual

Brothers and sisters, I thank God pects us to work out most of the details members and through his spokesmen, that we have the voice of living and methods. The methods and prothe prophets, has not given us the obprophets to show us the way and that cedures are usually developed through jectives and plenty of guidelines and

we don't have to depend on the written study and prayer and by living so that counsel. The fact that some of us have

word only. Wasn't that what Jesus we can obtain and follow the promptnot done much about it even when it

meant when he stood overlooking ings of the Spirit. Less spiritually adis spelled out in detail is not the Lord's

Jerusalem and said, "O Jerusalem, vanced people, such as those in the fault.

Jerusalem, thou that killest the prophdays of Moses, had to be commanded For years we have been counseled to ets, and stonest them which are sent in many things. Today those spiritually have on hand a year's supply of food.

unto thee, how often would I have alert look at the objectives, check the Yet there are some today who will gathered thy children together, even guidelines laid down by the Lord and not start storing until the Church as a hen gathereth her chickens under his prophets, and then prayerfully act comes out with a detailed monthly her wings, and ye would notl—without having to be commanded home storage program. Now suppose

"Behold, your house is left unto you "in all things."This attitude prepares that never happens. We still cannot

desolate. men for godhood. say we have not been told.

"For I say unto you, ye shall not see The overall objective to be accomShould the Lord decide at this time me henceforth, till ye shall say, plished in missionary work, temple to cleanse the Church—and the need

Blessed is he that cometh in the name work, providing for the needy, and for that cleansing seems to be increasof the Lord."(Matt. 23:3739.) bringing up our children in righteousing—a famine in this land of one year's

So we invite all men everywhere to ness has always been the same; only duration could wipe out a large perbe willing to listen to the living prophour methods to accomplish these obcentage of slothful members, including

ets'that God has raised up in this jectives have varied. Any faithful memsome ward and stake officers. Yet we

dispensation so that they can be taught ber in this dispensation, no matter cannot say we have not been warned.

correct principles and not be tossed to when he lived, could have found righAnother warning: You and I sustain

and fro with every wind of doctrine, teous methods to have carried out these one man on this earth as God's mouthas we read in the scriptures (see Eph. objectives without having to wait for piece—President David O. McKay

4:14); and may God help us as a the latest, specific churchwide proone of the greatest seers who has ever

people so to live that we may be gram. walked this earth. We do not need a

worthy of the blessings he has in store Sometimes the Lord hopefully waits prophet—we have one—what we desfor us and be a light unto the world, on his children to act on their own, perately need is a listening ear.

I pray and ask God to bless you all in and when they do not, they lose the Should it be of concern to us when the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. greater prize, and the Lord will either the mouthpiece of the Lord keeps condrop the entire matter and let them stantly and consistently raising his

Tuesday Afternoon Session, April 6, 1965 suffer the consequences or else he will voice of warning about the loss of our have to spell it out in greater detail. freedom as he has over the years?

Usually, I fear, the more he has to There are two unrighteous ways to spell it out, the smaller is our reward. deal with his prophetic words of warnor can you can of circumstances, ing: you the fight them Often, because

will bring Either course ignore to his prophrevelation them. Not Commanded Lord, through

disaster in the long run. in All Things ets or through inspired programs deyou

signed by faithful members which later Hear his words: "No greater imEzra Taft Benson become adopted on a churchwide mediate responsibility rests upon memOf the Council of the Twelve basis, will give to all the membership bers of the Church, upon all citizens

a righteous means to help accomplish of this Republic and of neighboring the objective; for instance, any memRepublics than to protect the freedom

ber of the Church a century ago who vouchsafed by the Constitution of the

In 1831 the Lord said this to his Church: studied church doctrine would have United States."(Cited in Jerreld L.

"For behold, it is not meet that I known that he had the prime responsiNewquist, Prophets, Principles and should command in all things; for he bility to see that his children had National Survival [SLC: Publishers

that is compelled in all things, the spiritualized family recreation and Press, 1964], p. 157.) As important

same is a slothful and not a wise serwere taught in the home lessons in as are all other principles of the gosvant; wherefore he receiveth no recharacter building and gospel prinpel, it was the freedom issue which deward. ciples. But some did not do it. termined whether you received a body.

"Verily I say, men should be Then, in 1915 President Joseph F. To have been on the wrong side of the

anxiously engaged in a good cause, Smith introduced, churchwide, the freedom issue during the war in heaven and do many things of their own free "weekly home evening program"with meant eternal damnation. How then

will, and bring to pass much righteouspromised blessings to all who faithfully can Latterday Saints expect to be on ness; adopted it. Many refused and lost the the wrong side in this life and escape

"For the power is in them, wherein promised blessings. (At the October the eternal consequences? The war in

they are agents unto themselves. And conference, 1947, I referred to that heaven is raging on earth today. The

inasmuch as men do good they shall in promise in a talk on the Family issues are the same: "Shall men be

nowise lose their reward. Home Evening.) Today we have the compelled to do what others claim is

"But he that doeth not anything home evening manual and other helps. for their best welfare"or will they

until he is commanded, and receiveth Yet some still refuse to bring up their heed the counsel of the prophet and a commandment with doubtful heart, children in righteousness. preserve their freedom?

and keepeth it with slothfulness, the But there are some today who comSatan argued that men given their same is damned."(D&C 58:2629.) plain that the home evening manual freedom would not choose correctly,

JUNE 1965 537 therefore he would compel them to do all are taking part in that struggle, Fourth: "Wait until it becomes

right and save us all. Today Satan whether we will or not. Upon its final popular to do,"says the devil, "or, at

argues that men given their freedom do issue, liberty lives or dies.... The least until everybody in the Church

not choose wisely; therefore a socalled plain and simple issue now facing us agrees on what should be done."But

brilliant, benevolent few must establish in America is freedom or slavery.... this fight for freedom might never bethe welfare government and force us We have largely lost the conflict so far come popular in our day. And if you

into a greater socialistic society. We are waged. But there is time to win the wait until everybody agrees in this

assured of being led into the promised final victory, if we sense our danger, Church, you will be waiting through land as long as we let them put a and fight."(Ibid., pp. 318, 327328.) the second coming of the Lord. Would

golden ring in our nose. In the end we Now where do we stand in this you have hesitated to follow the inlose our freedom and the promised struggle, and what are we doing about spired counsel of the Prophet Joseph

land also. No matter what you call it it? Smith simply because some weak men

—communism, socialism, or the welThe devil knows that if the elders of disagreed with him? God's livingfare state—our freedom is sacrificed. Israel should ever wake up, they could mouthpiece has spoken to us—are we

We believe the gospel is the greatest step forth and help preserve freedom for him or against him? In spite of

thing in the world; why then do we and extend the gospel. Therefore the the Prophet's opposition to increased

not force people to join the Church if devil has concentrated, and to a large federal aid and compulsory unionism, they are not smart enough to see it on extent successfully, in neutralizing some church members still champion their own? Because this is Satan's way, much of the priesthood. He has rethese freedom destroying programs.

not the Lord's plan. The Lord uses perduced them to sleeping giants. His Where do you stand?

suasion and love. arguments are clever. Fifth: "It might hurt your business

Hear again the words of God's Here are a few samples: or your family,"says the devil, "and

mouthpiece: "Today two mighty forces First: "We really haven't received besides why not let the gentiles save

are battling for the supremacy of the much instruction about freedom,"the the country? They aren't as busy as you

world. The destiny of mankind is in devil says. This is a lie, for we have are."Well, there were many businessthe balance. It is a question of God been warned time and again. No men who went along with Hitler

and liberty, or atheism and slavery.... prophet of the Lord has ever issued because it supposedly helped their

"Those forces are known and have more solemn warning than President business. They lost everything. Many

been designated by Satan on the one David O. McKay. Last conference I of us are here today because our forehand, and Christ on the other. spoke of a book embodying much of fathers loved truth enough that they

"In Joshua's time they were called the prophets'warnings on freedom fought at Valley Forge or crossed the 'gods of the Amorites,'for one, and from Joseph Smith to David O. McKay plains in spite of the price it cost them

'the Lord'on the other.... In these which I commend to you. It is entitled or their families. We had better take

days, they are called 'domination by Prophets, Principles, and National Surour small pain now than our greater the state,'on one hand, 'personal libvival. loss later. There were souls who

erty,'on the other; communism on Second: "You're too involved in other wished afterwards that they had stood

one, free agency on the other."(Ibid., church work,"says the devil. But freeand fought with Washington and the

pp. 215216.) dom is a weighty matter of the law; founding fathers, but they waited too

Now, the Lord knew that before the the lesser principles of the gospel you long—they passed up eternal glory.

gospel could flourish there must first should keep but not leave this one There has never been a greater time be an atmosphere of freedom. This is undone. We may have to balance and than now to stand up against enwhy he first established the Constimanage our time better. Your other trenched evil. And while the gentiles

tution of this land through gentiles church work will be limited once you established the Constitution, we have whom he raised up before he restored lose your freedom as our Saints have a divine mandate to preserve it. But

the gospel. In how many communist found out in Czechoslovakia, Poland, unfortunately today in this freedom

countries today are we doing missionand many other nations. struggle, many gentiles are showing

ary work, building chapels, etc.? And Third: "You want to be loved by greater wisdom in their generation

yet practically every one of those couneveryone,"says the devil, "and this than the children of light.

tries have been pushed into commufreedom battle is so controversial you Sixth: "Don't worry,"says the devil,

nism and kept under communism with might be accused of engaging in poli- "the Lord will protect you, and besides the great assistance of evil forces which tics."Of course the government has the world is so corrupt and heading

have and are operating within our penetrated so much of our lives that toward destruction at such a pace that own country and neighboring lands. one can hardly speak for freedom withyou can't stop it, so why try."Well,

Yes, were it not for the tragic policies out being accused of being political. to begin with, the Lord will not protect

of governments—including our own Some might even call the war in us unless we do our part. This devilish tens of millions of people murdered heaven a political struggle—certainly tactic of persuading people not to get

and hundreds of millions enslaved it was controversial. Yet the valiant concerned because the Lord will prosince World War II would be alive entered it with Michael. Those who tect them no matter what they do is

and free today to receive the restored support only the popular principles of exposed by the Book of Mormon. Regospel. the gospel have their reward. And those ferring to the devil, it says, "And othPresident J. Reuben Clark, Jr., put who want to lead the quiet, retiring ers will he pacify, and lull them away

it clearly and courageously when he life but still expect to do their full into carnal security, and they will say:

said: duty can't have it both ways. All is well in Zion; yea, Zion prosper-

"Reduced to its lowest terms, the Said Elder John A. Widtsoe: eth, all is well—and thus the devil

great struggle which now rocks the "The troubles of the world may cheateth their souls, and leadeth them whole earth more and more takes on largely be laid at the doors of those away carefully down to hell."(2 Nethe character of a struggle of the indiwho are neither hot nor cold; who alphi 28:21.)

vidual versus the state.... ways follow the line of least resis- I like that word "carefully."In other

"This gigantic worldwide struggle, tance; whose timid hearts flutter at words, don't shake them, you might

more and more takes on the form of a taking sides for truth. As in the great awake them. But the Book of Mormon

war to the death. We shall do well Council in the heavens, so in the warns us that when we should see

and wisely so to face and so to enter it. Church of Christ on earth, there can these murderous conspiracies in our

And we must all take part. Indeed, we be no neutrality."(Ibid., p. 440.) midst that we should awake to our

538 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA awful situation. Now why should we Brethren, if we had done our hometestimony and our faith must have

awake if the Lord is going to take care work and were faithful, we could step been strengthened the last three days.

of us anyway? Now let us suppose that forward at this time and help save this President McKay's appearance here

it is too late to save freedom. It is country. The fact that most of us are early Sunday morning—the openingstill accounted unto us tor righteousunprepared to do it is an indictment session—again yesterday morning, last

ness'sake to stand up and fight. Some we will have to bear. The longer we night in priesthood meeting, and now

Book of Mormon prophets knew of the wait, the heavier the chains, the deeper his presence here today is a great final desolate end of their nations, but the blood, the more the persecution, blessing to us. If I may I would like to

they still fought on, and they saved and the less we can carry out our Godcarry that a little further. His presence

some souls including their own by so given mandate and worldwide mishere today is largely because of his doing. For, after all, the purpose of sion. The war in heaven is raging on great faith, his will, his courage, his

life is to prove ourselves, and the final earth today. Are you being neutralized determination, and an answer to your

victory will be for freedom. in the battle? and my prayers. For surely the people

But many of the prophecies referring "Verily I say, men should be of this Church are praying for the to America's preservation are condianxiously engaged in a good cause, prophet daily. His presence here is a

tional. That is, if we do our duty we and do many things of their own free miracle. The Lord gave him the

can be preserved, and if not then we will, and bring to pass much righteousstrength to be here. It was not his own

shall be destroyed. This means that a ness; physical strength, but the blessings

good deal of the responsibility lies "For the power is in them, wherein and the power of the Lord to him, and with the priesthood of this Church as they are agents unto themselves...."in turn a blessing to us. He has taught

to what happens to America and as to (D&C 58:2728.) us so many wonderful lessons. Thouhow much tragedy can be avoided if we In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. sands and hundreds of thousands, yes,

do act now. millions, of people on the earth are

And now as to the last neutralizer grateful to him because he has literally that the devil uses most effectively touched their lives, and I, as the most it is simply this: "Don't do anything humble among you, thank God for the

in the fight for freedom until the blessing that he has been to me. Men

Church sets up its own specific prowho hardly know him, men not of the gram to save the Constitution."This Church, after they have been in his

presence, I have heard thembrings us say, "We it is influence."felt an unusual Well, withopened righttoday—toback to thethosescriptureslothfulI Prophets Are

to us that willservants they would not do anything who influence in Our Midst understandablefeel an unusual they because in all areuntil "compelled they things."Maybe the Lord will never set Thorpe B. Isaacson were in the presence of a prophet of

up a specific church program for the Assistant to God.

purpose of saving the Constitution. the Council of the Twelve Now, just two thoughts, because they

Perhaps if he set one up at this time taught me a lesson I might pass on to it might split the Church asunder, and someone.

perhaps he does not want that to hapPresident McKay, President Brown, One is about a young man whom I pen yet for not all the wheat and tares President Tanner, President Smith, and had the chance to know and interview are fully ripe. my dear brothers and sisters. One for his mission, and I had the privilege

The Prophet Joseph Smith declared always feels dependent upon the Lord of setting him apart. I like to write to

it will be the elders of Israel who will in occupying this position. Therefore, missionaries. I like to get their letters.

step forward to help save the Consti- I humbly pray that I may have the I am sure I get more strength from tution, not the Church. And have we sustaining influence of our Heavenly their letters than they do from mine.

elders been warned? Yes, we have. And Father, as I need it greatly. Today as This choice boy was sent to Australia.

have we elders been given the guidewe have listened to this marvelous Some weeks ago he sent me a letter, lines? Yes indeed, we have. And chorus from the fine institute of reand in that letter there were a number

besides, if the Church should ever inligion in Logan and the great Utah of large bills, greenbacks, currency. I

augurate a program, who do you think State University at Logan, I am sure thought he took a chance sending it would be in the forefront to get it we are very thrilled at the selections that way, but it was wrapped well.

moving? It would not be those who they have sung to us and the manner There were also enclosed an envelope

were sitting on the sidelines prior to in which they were sung. addressed to another elder and a note

that time or those who were appeasing I would be very ungrateful if I did to this elder. The missionary in his

the enemy. It would be those choice not publicly thank the Lord for the letter to me said, "Will you put this

spirits who, not waiting to be "comblessings of these three days. We have money and this memorandum in the

manded in all things,"used their own been here assembled in this very enclosed envelope, put a stamp on it, free will, the counsel of the prophets, sacred building, and it is sacred, to and mail it to this elder?"The letter

and the Spirit of the Lord as guidelines listen to the sermons of the servants to the missionary to whom the money and who entered the battle "in a good and the prophets of God. was to be sent said about these words:

cause"and brought to pass much President McKay the other day in "Enclosed is some money that I want righteousness in freedom's cause. the temple told us that we could rely you to have so that you can stay and

Years ago Elder Joseph F. Merrill upon the inspiration of the Spirit of finish your mission. Unsigned."His

of the Council of the Twelve enthe Lord. That I would like to do. missionary companion's folks were

couraged the members of the Church to During these three days we have having some financial difficulties. This

join rightto-work leagues and Presilistened to the prophets and the serboy had been saving a little money out dent Heber J. Grant concurred. For vants of God. These brethren have of his missionary allowance, and he

our day President David O. McKay has spoken to us under the inspiration of sent that to me to put in an envecalled communism the greatest threat the Lord. Now it is up to us as a people lope to send back to his companion,

to the Church, and it is certainly the in and'out of the Church what we are and he did not want him to know greatest mortal threat this country has going to do about it. For it is the whence it came. Oh, what a lesson!

ever faced. What are you doing to fight Lord's word that has been given to us Saturday, another lesson. I picked up

it? through his servants. Certainly our a little granddaughter, a beautiful little

JUNE 1965 539 girl. I asked her to come home with afar off, even as many as the Lord

me to lunch. I told her we would have The First our God shall call.

to an appointment. because I had hurry

I bring her Principles and testify"Andandwithexhort,many saying,other wordsSave didyourhe her told mother I would this untoward generation.back after lunch. As we were preparing Ordinances of selves from

to eat lunch, she was talking and visit- "Then they that gladly received his ing. She is a wonderful little girl, only the Gospel word were baptized: and the same day

ten years old, one of the choicest spirits John Longden there were added unto them about

I have ever known. She has suffered Assistant to the Council three thousand souls."(Acts 2:3233,

many illnesses, serious operations, but of the Twelve 3641.)

she is well now, thanks to the blessings Those who were pricked in their of the Lord. As we were eating, I was hearts gave evidence of faith, the first

hurrying her, and she said, "Grandpa, My brothers, sisters, and friends assemprinciple of the gospel of Jesus Christ.

why are you always in such a hurry?"bled here in this historic building, The scriptures are replete with stories

(Well, I didn't know she knew that.) and those of you who are sometimes of faith.

Then she looked at me so sweetly and termed the "unseen audience,"may I "Behold the fowls of the air: for they

innocently and said, "Do you have express my gratitude for your taking sow not, neither do they reap, nor problems and worries?""No, not me,"time to see and listen in to the progather into barns; yet your heavenly

I answered. "I have an appointment, ceedings of these great conference Father feedeth them. Are ye not much

but not necessarily worries or probsessions. I would like to take this better than they?

lems."Then she answered me and said, opportunity, too, to say hello to my "Which of you by taking thought

'Tm glad I don't have any worries or sweetheart who is listening today, and can add one cubit unto his stature?

any problems. I love everybody."I 1 feel her spirit. "And why take ye thought for raiwondered if she thought I didn't. May I repeat the words of President ment? Consider the lilies of the field,

Perhaps, this is the source of some of McKay at the opening of this conferhow they grow; they toil not, neither

our troubles. This may be the source of ence read by his son Robert, found in do they spin;

some of our worries and some of our 2 Timothy, the fourth chapter: "And yet I say unto you, That even

problems. Do we love everybody? "I charge thee therefore before God, Solomon in all his glory was not

I want to bear my testimony to you and the Lord Jesus Christ,... [to] arrayed like one of these.

that I know that the Lord is our Father preach the word;..."(Vs. 1-2.) "Wherefore, if God so clothe the

and that Jesus Christ is the Savior of That is what I have in mind at this grass of the field, which to day is, the world, the Son of God. I would like time, if the Lord will bless me. and to morrow is cast into the oven,

to ask you: How would you feel if "We believe that the first principles shall he not much more clothe you,

someone should tell you that the and ordinances of the Gospel are: first, O ye of little faith?"(Matt. 6:2630.)

Prophet Abraham is in your midst? Faith in the Lord Jesus Christ; second, Paul said, "... faith is the substance

How would you feel if they should say Repentance; third, Baptism by imof things hoped for, the evidence of

that the Prophet Moses or Samuel or mersion for the remission of sins; things not seen."(Heb. 11:1.)

Isaiah is here in your midst? And what fourth, Laying on of hands for the "And Jesus said unto them, Because

would you think if someone should gift of the Holy Ghost."(Fourth of your unbelief: for verily I say unto

say to you that the Apostle Paul or article of faith.) you, If ye have faith as a grain of musPeter or James or John is here? Well, May I take you back in your mind's tard seed, ye shall say unto this mounthere are prophets and Apostles here in eye to almost 2,000 years ago, after tain, Remove hence to yonder place;

your midst, and you are looking at the resurrection of Jesus, when he had and.it shall remove; and nothing shall

them today. They are the prophets and commissioned his disciples, which be impossible unto you."(Matt. 17:20.)

Apostles with the same authority as the means he had given them the authority The next principle is repentance as

Apostles of old. You have been listento go forth and teach. taught on that great day of Pentecost.

ing to the word of the Lord, for those The day to which I refer is known Repentance is a principle and not who have spoken to you are of the as the day of Pentecost. Many were merely an expression of penitent grief.

Lord. Can you imagine what the Lord assembled, and Peter was the mouthIt involves a reformation of life. The

meant when he said, "What I the Lord piece on this occasion. He taught: Apostle Paul spoke to the Corinthian

have spoken, I have spoken, and I "This Jesus hath God raised up, Saints:

excuse not myself; and though the whereof we all are witnesses. "Now I rejoice, not that ye were

heavens and the earth pass away, my "Therefore being by the right hand made sorry, but that ye sorrowed to word shall not pass away, but shall all of God exalted, and having received repentance:...

be fulfilled, whether by mine own of the Father the promise of the Holy "For godly sorrow worketh repenvoice or by the voice of my servants, Ghost, he hath shed forth this, which tance to salvation not to be repented it is the same"? (D&C 1:38. Italics ye now see and hear.... of: but the sorrow of the world workadded.) "Therefore let all the house of Israel eth death."(2 Cor. 7:9-10.)

That means that the words you have know assuredly, that God hath made Repentance is an eternal truth and heard today, yesterday, and the day that same Jesus, whom ye have cruciprinciple. The Prophet Isaiah underbefore, and that you hear from time to fied, both Lord and Christ. stood this principle when he said: "Let

time from the prophets and the "Now when they heard this, they the wicked forsake his way, and the

Apostles are the same as if the Lord were pricked in their heart, and said unrighteous man his thoughts: and let

were speaking to you. We who are unto Peter and to the rest of the him return unto the Lord, and he will

privileged to work closely with these apostles, Men and brethren, what shall have mercy upon him; and to our God,

great men constantly see the inspirawe do? for he will abundantly pardon."(Isa.

tion of the Lord flowing to them back "Then Peter said unto them, Repent, 55:7.)

to you and to me. and be baptized every one of you in In conclusion, as a true definition of

God grant that we may have the the name of Jesus Christ for the rerepentance, let me quote the words of strength and the faith to purge our mission of sins, and ye shall receive Paul to the Ephesians:

souls of all those things that are not of the gift of the Holy Ghost. "Wherefore putting away lying,

the Lord, I humbly pray in the name "For the promise is unto you, and speak every man truth with his neighof Jesus Christ. Amen. to your children, and to all that are bour:...

540 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

"Be ye angry, and sin not: let not the root of the trees: therefore every mission of sins, let us now consider the

the sun go down upon your wrath: tree which bringeth not forth good reception of the Holy Spirit.

"Neither give place to the devil. fruit is hewn down, and cast into the Man is not prepared for the in-

"Let him that stole steal no more:.. fire. dwelling of the Holy Ghost unless he

"Let no corrupt communication pro- "I indeed baptize you with water repents of his sins and becomes freed ceed out of your mouth,..."(Eph. unto repentance: but he that cometh from them by obedience to the laws

4:2529.) after me is mightier than I, whose of God.

This is the only repentance taught in shoes I am not worthy to bear: he shall To show that the laying on hands

Holy Writ and simply means to forbaptize you with the Holy Ghost, and for the gift of the Holy Ghost by those sake all sin and accomplish a reformawith fire: having divine authority was practised

tion of life. "Whose fan is in his hand, and he by the ancient Apostles, I refer to

Yes, a transition, a transformation, a will thoroughly purge his floor, and Acts 8:1421:

miracle can come in the lives of indigather his wheat into the garner; but "Now when the apostles which were

viduals today. he will burn up the chaff with unat Jerusalem heard that Samaria had

I remember being at the baptism quenchable fire. received the word of God, they sent

not too long ago of a fine business- "Then cometh Jesus from Galilee unto them Peter and John:

man who had maintained the stanto Jordan unto John, to be baptized of "Who, when they were come down, dards of the Church but hadn't him. prayed for them, that they might reconformed with the formalities. I lis- "But John forbad him, saying, I have ceive the Holy Ghost:

tened to his first words as he came up need to be baptized of thee, and "(For as yet he was fallen upon out of the waters of baptism: "Oh, comest thou to me? none of them: only they were baptized

why have I waited so long?""And Jesus answering said unto him, in the name of the Lord Jesus.)

Another expression, "Why have I Suffer it to be so now: for thus it "Then laid they their hands on

waited until the afternoon of my life becometh us to fulfil all righteousness. them, and they received the Holy

to see and understand the truths of Then he suffered him. Ghost.

the gospel?""And Jesus, when he was baptized, "And when Simon saw that through

Yes, miracles are taking place each went up straightway out of the water: laying on of the apostles'hands the

day in this Dispensation of the Fuland, lo, the heavens were opened unto Holy Ghost was given, he offered them ness of Times. What is a miracle? An him, and he saw the Spirit of God money,

act of happening in the material or descending like a dove, and lighting "Saying, Give me also this power, physical world which seems to depart upon him: that on whomsoever I lay hands, he

from the laws of nature or to go be- "And lo a voice from heaven, saymay receive the Holy Ghost.

yond what is known of these laws; yes, ing, This is my beloved Son, in whom "But Peter said unto him, Thy

a wonder, a marvel. I am well pleased."(Matt. 3:1-2, 5-17.) money perish with thee, because thou

That brings me to the third prinSo we see how essential baptism is, hast thought that the gift of God may ciple and the first ordinance of the performed legitimately by one having be purchased with money.

gospel of Jesus Christ, which is bapthe authority, first to enter the king- "Thou hast neither part nor lot in tism. dom and second to enable the indithis matter: for thy heart is not right

Faith and repentance are principles, vidual to fulfil all righteousness. in the sight of God."

and in baptism we come to the first "One Lord, one faith, one baptism,"Another experience in the life of the ordinance necessary to enter the king- (Eph. 4:5.) the Apostle Paul:

dom. The Lord to Nicodemus said, "Verily, "And when Paul had laid his hands

Baptism is essential to salvation, and verily, I say unto thee, Except a man upon them, the Holy Ghost came on according to the scriptures it must be be born of water and of the Spirit, he them;..."(Ibid., 19:6.)

a specific type of baptism—in other cannot enter into the kingdom of God."The following references also indiwords, performed by immersion. It is (John 3:5.) cate the laying on of hands as a sacred

for the remission of sins, required by Which brings me to the fourth prinrite which would not have been all who reach the age of eight years, ciple and the second ordinance, the adopted by the Apostles unless comfor such the Lord has revealed in this reception of the Holy Spirit. manded of God to do so:

day. Having shown that faith, repentance, "Neglect not the gift that is in thee,

"In those days came John the Bapand baptism are essential to the rewhich was given thee by prophecy, tist, preaching in the wilderness of

Judaea, "And saying, Repent ye: for the

kingdom of heaven is at hand.

Jerusalem, went out "Then to him region REPENTANCE all the all Judaea, andand about Jordan,round were baptized of him in Jordan, BY MARJORIE ANN H. MCNEIL "And

confessing their sins.

"But when he saw many of the There's a splendor on the prairie in the morning.

Pharisees, and Sadducees come to his There's a promise in the early touch of light.

baptism, he said unto them, O generaThere's a hopedrenched, awesome gift of life at tion of vipers, who hath warned you dawning to flee from the wrath to come? That proclaims, "My soul, you've lasted through the

"Bring forth therefore fruits meet for night."

repentance:

yourthink to not within say "And

Soul,"it says, "take breeze and light and to selves, our "Now, have Abraham We bird song; I for father: that say you, unto God

is able of these stones to raise up chilTake cleanliness and hope and splendor, too, dren unto Abraham. With gratitude in knowing night is over,

"And now also the axe is laid unto That life and time are new... and so are you!"

JUNE 1965 541 with the laying on of the hands...."the large industrial firms of the world. human, Godlike mind must be trained

(1 Tim. 4:14.) He was well educated as a leader and to be in full control of the soul and

"Wherefore I put thee in rememas a lawyer in his profession. He said life of man. Fear and the appetites too

brance that thou stir up the gift of that he had met and personally knew often creep in and crush out the control

God, which is in thee by the putting several Mormons in responsible posiof the mind. Selfcontrol and selfon of my hands."(2 Tim. 1:6.) tions and that he was impressed with mastery in righteousness is the real joy

The Holy Ghost is a great boon or their loyalty, their integrity, and their of this life.

favor from the Lord, and many blessdedication. I often reflect on the temptations of

ings are received because of it. During our conversation on religion the Master. Do you think he gloried

"But the Comforter, which is the he said that he knew little about the and enjoyed his strength and ability to

Holy Ghost, whom the Father will Bible, but he believed in moderation say no to Satan, to say no to the tempsend in my name, he shall teach you regarding the laws and commandments tation of weakness, even after the flesh all things, and bring all things to of God. This sounds good, and someand the body had been placed under

your remembrance, whatsoever I have times we find ourselves indulging in forty days of fasting?

said unto you."(John 14:26.) the same type of thinking. Repentance founded on Jesus Christ

Now in conclusion on this, may I I asked him how moderation worked is one way to attain selfcontrol and give you a thought from Paul in Galaon the commandment, "Thou shal,not perfection.

tions, and then a thought from Parley kill."(Exod. 20:13.) How does it work I'd just like to speak personally. My

P. Pratt. on the commandment, "Thou shalt not own experience with repentance is

Paul said, "But the fruit of the Spirit commit adultery"? (V. 14.) teaching me that knowing the weakis love, joy, peace, longsuffering gentleHow does it work on the commandness and desiring to repent of it is not

ness, goodness, faith, ment, "Thou shalt not steal"? (V. 15.) sufficient to eliminate the problem

"Meekness, temperance:..."(Gal. And after taking thought he said, from my life. I found that I must again

5:2223.) "Moderation doesn't seem to work in put my mind, my Godgiven brain, in

And Parley P. Pratt, a prophet of all cases."charge and not let the habit or the

the Lord in this dispensation, gave I asked him how it worked in regard weakness run on and inhibit my progthis definition of the Holy Ghost. to the great law given by the Savior, ress.

"It inspires virtue, kindness, good- "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God Sin in any form stops spiritual progness, tenderness, gentleness, and charwith all thy heart, and with all thy ress. I am finding that I have to

ity. It develops beauty of person, form, soul, and with all thy mind."(Matt. memorize what I desire to repent of so

and features. It tends to health, vigor, 22:37.) that when I go to do it again I know

animation, and social feeling. It deHe said, "Moderation kills the what I told the Lord.

velops and invigorates all the faculties strength of this great law."No wonder that in the gospel of

of the physical and intellectual man. Justification of sin, whether in modJesus Christ faith and repentance are

It strengthens, invigorates and gives eration or otherwise, is not from God. the first principles.

tone to the nerves. In short, it is, as It is deceitfully inspired by Satan. God's program of righteous growth

it were, marrow to the bone, joy to May I be a little personal. Have you and eternal progress is founded on

the heart, light to the eyes, music to ever justified weakness and sin in faith and repentance. Both are free,

the ears, and life to the whole being."moderation? Do you personally have both are gifts from God, but both are

(Parley P. Pratt, Key to the Science of anything to repent of? Of course we of no value unless used.

Theology, 1948 edition, p. 100; as know the answer. How long have you Parents, you are God's representatives

quoted in James E. Talmage, Articles had the sin or weakness that you desire in the home. May we teach and use

of Faith, p. 487.) to repent of? It is easier to give a serrepentance ourselves and teach our

I bear witness that that Spirit is mon on repentance than to practise children and our neighbors and our prevalent on the earth today and will repentance. friends to do likewise, I pray in the

come to those who have faith, who What is the next move of one who name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

repent, who are baptized by the true has a problem to repent of? Have you

servants of the Lord, and it will be taught repentance to your children?

unto them as a boon and a favor and It is of such vital importance in God's a guide into further light, truth, and program that it must be taught andknowledge. I bear witness to these learned and understood. Do your chil- "Not as the

things in the name of Jesus Christ. dren to repent? know how

Amen. Real deepseated and love for God World Giveth"

and Jesus Christ comes into the human Bishop Robert L. Simpson

soul when forgiveness of sin and weakOf the Presiding Bishopric

Moderation nessof JesuscomesChrist.fromHisthesacrificeatoningandsacrificeatoneand the Gospel mentposefulbecomeswhen onemorerepentsgenuineandandreceivespurMy dear brothers and sisters, may I

all of a great share experience that relief and forgiveness from sin first Bernard P. Brockbank divine

at and weakness. the age of eight I had years. This

to Assistant of a great experience was learning feel if the golden you and How would Twelve of the the Council

I opportunity taught of lesson that repentance were canshall never me a celed? forget.

Brothers and sisters, we are here today God's righteousness and spiritual I remember the thrill of being taught because of revelation from the Lord. growth, as well as many other basic simple division. Three goes into fifteen

I am going to be very brief, but I would principles, are founded on repentance. five times. It seemed almost like a

just like to share with you a recent Repentance is the one important miracle as the teacher further taught experience, one that many of us often part of the 'refiner's fire'that brings us that all we had to do was multiply have. the human soul to celestial glory. God the answer by the divisor, and we

As I traveled from New York to placed Satan on this earth to tempt would have the number that we started

Chicago on the way to this conference, man. Man has appetites and human with. She said that by following this

I was seated next to a VIP from one of frailties to master and conquer. The simple plan and procedure we could

542 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA check any division problem and make sider his law of health, for example. minds and our emotions.

certain that the answer was right. Why have all the upset that we have Brothers and sisters, can we simplify

A few days later we had our first in the world through lack of health, our lives, simplify our living, take test in simple division. I shall never when all we need ao is loliow Uod's time to do the things that need to be

forget turning to my school chum and plan as revealed in this day, and then done? If there is not time in our lives

announcing, "I got an 'A.'"He said, we will most likely have the peace of ror the Family Home Evening, tnere is

"How do you know? We haven't even mind of a strong, healthy body. something wrong, and we are getting

graded the papers."With you, I would share with the away trom the way Heavemy Father

"I know I have an A'because I world the great truth that all we have would have us live. If there is not time

checked every answer. I multiplied the to do is give back to Heavenly Father in our lives for personal prayer, then

answer by the divisor, and I was cerone-tenth of our increase, and again we must take stock of ourselves, if tain that it was exactly the same numwe have peace of mind, as we help to there is not enough faith or money to ber we started with. I know I got an build his kingdom unselfishly. give back to Heavenly Father his one-

'A'With you, 1 would give to the world tenth, then we are mismanaging our

And sure enough it was an "A"bethe great truth that we must have love afiairs, and we are getting away from cause I was standing on solid rock. and unity in our homes, and here those things that would bring us pure

There was no doubt in my mind. I again we can achieve a peace of mind and simple happiness.

was dealing with an exact science, and unattainable in any other way. So the gospel, brothers and sisters,

for the first time in my life I felt The same thing can be said of the is peace of mind, and only as rapidly really secure in something that I had Sabbath day, of keeping it holy, and as we get back to the standard works been taught in school. This was an of the peace that comes to all who keep and give heed to his basic principles

exact science, and I was able to prove that great commandment. will we have the peace of mind that

my answer beyond question. The same thing can be said about Christ himself spoke of when he proNow in the world today, I think if the principle of prayer. As we comclaimed to the world: "Peace I leave

there were one common wish among municate with our Heavenly Father, with you, my peace I give unto you:

all mankind, that wish would be for let him know that we love him and not as the world giveth, give I unto you.

his intend to keep Let not commandheart your be troubled, that we neither world; in the peace inpeace—peace ability. let it to best the very of our afraid."ments 14:27.) be (John in the community;each nation; peace

even a feeling of peace in each home; Yes, brothers and sisters, there are Brothers and sisters, the world giveth

and perhaps most important of all, eternal truths. Two parts hydrogen and differently from the way Christ giveth,

peace of mind. one part oxygen is water. It was so and when we partake of the world as

Our day will probably go down in when Heavenly Father was creating the world giveth, we start reaching for history as the day of psychiatry, psythe earth. It is so today, and it will be our tranquilizers. But as we reach lor

chology, and tranquilizers. Now, I don't so forever. This is an eternal truth of the gospel of Jesus Christ, and as we

mean to suggest that there is no place chemistry, it r2 has always been and reach for the standard works of the for the professionally trained to treat always will be the formula to find the Church and the truths revealed therethe mentally disturbed or for the prearea of a circle. One hundred and in, then I say we are going to have joy

scribing of proper medicine for the eightysix thousand miles per second in our lives, and we can promise to overwrought, but I do believe with all has been and always will be the speed all men there will be happiness in my heart and soul that most of these of light. Einstein has given us in our their lives. We can further say that

anxieties found in the hearts and minds day that E is equal to MC2, the theory theirs will be a peace of mind that will of men today can be eliminated by a of relativity. bring a surety to their souls and give

return to faith in God and the resulAs we quote these basic truths, they them the happiness to which all tant desire to obey his commandments. are simple. They are not complicated. Heavenly Father's, children are enTo me, and I am sure to you, God's All basic truth seems to be simple. It titled.

plan is like a superhighway. This is only when we go beyond the realm I so testify and pray that we might

superhighway is built on solid rock; it of truth that we become complicated, so live in the name of his Son Jesus

is built well above the fogshrouded that we become mixed up in our Christ. Amen.

valleys; and it is built well above the

swamps of infidelity, selfishness, and immorality. The Lord himself has said,

"I am the light of the world: he that

followeth me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life."

.(John 8:12.)

Heavenly Father has also said that there are laws irrevocably decreed in the heavens upon which all blessings are predicated. (See D&C 130:2021.)

If we keep the law, we reap happiness.

If we violate the law or ignore the law, we have problems, and we have unhappiness. It is just as simple as that.

And so, as we think back to my third grade experience, how much the same are God's laws. His laws are also

undeviating, certain, proven, and all we need do is keep his laws, and we will be happy, we will be successful, and we will regain his presence.

With you, I invite all men, all women, all children, all people everyProfessional and amateur photographers make interesting camera subjects where to join in God's plan. Let's conthemselves.

JUNE 1965 S43 place; to those who have been misFrom Brother Petersen: "To leave

judged, to those who have been dethe path of virtue as set forth by Christ

is "I ask our Father, scripis mindful that he God God, who the you—is

us, How Much Is ofprived of opportunity, to know that is an apostasy from Christ.... that tures yesterday, say understand today, all we cannot is the same

All This Worth? will sometime be understood; that all and forever, now changing his mind?

Richard L. Evans injusticesultimate workingwill be corrected,out of ourthatFather'sin the he "DoestaughtJesuswhennohelongerwas onbelieveearth? "what

Of the Council of the Twelve ways, no one will receive anything he "For any man to attempt to change shouldn't, and no one will be deprived the moral law is like trying to change of anything he should receive? the Deity himself."

President McKay and my beloved As Emerson said in his essay on May I cite a few phrases from brethren and sisters. As we have lis- "Compensation,"which ties in to what Brother Kimball, when he reminded us

tened during these days, there is a Bishop Simpson has just been telling that if the problem "could be solved question by Daniel Webster that has us, "The world looks like... a mathewith money, people would tax themcome to mind, "How much is all this matical equation, which, turn it how selves to curb it. If penal or correctional

worth?"It is a question that everyone you will, balances itself."It is imposinstitutions would suffice, a great

might ask himself. sible for a person to cheat anyone but building program would be initiated.

How much would it be worth to himself. It all adds up. If additional social workers could preknow the purpose of life? All this and much, much more is vail, universities would add courses in

What would it be worth to have an encompassed within the gospel of Jesus these subjects. If judges and courts

assurance of everlasting life? Christ. And certainly such peace and and attorneys, policemen and prisons

What would it be worth to know purpose, such assurance, would be and penitentiaries would solve the that we may have life with our loved worth the meeting of his requirements, problem, the onrush of delinquency, ones everlastingly? the keeping of his commandments, and such institutions would be dotted over

How much would it be worth to should give incentive for living clean all the land. But such are not the cures

have peace and quietness of conscience? and useful and honorable and dedifor the malady; but the Lord has given

How much is it worth to be suscated lives. us a plan, so simple, so costless. It

tained in sorrow, in sickness, to know All this should be worth young requires a change of attitudes and that the Lord God is aware of us, that people's waiting for the proper time transformation of our lives."

he loves us, that we are his children, and season, waiting for life to unfold, It requires that selfcontrol of which that he will not leave us alone? with virtue, with prayerfulness, with Brother Brockbank has been speaking.

How much is it worth to have a solid, respect for principles, with respect for And any man who can't control his sustaining faith in the future, despite parents, with the keeping of the comthoughts can't control his actions, and the grievous problems and contentions mandments. any man who can't control his actions

that are prevalent among mankind? All this should be worth overcoming isn't safe in society.

Think what it would be worth to appetites, refraining from what the May I share with you one sentence students, to young people who are Lord has said is not good for man, from Carlyle. He said, "Over the times

torn between conflicting theories and heeding the simple counsel God has thou hast no power.... Solely over

teachings that change from time to given, which will help us to have one man... thou hast a quite absotime, with the many disagreements health and wisdom and knowledge lute... power.—Him redeem and

there are even among the experts, to be and physical and spiritual blessings. make honest."

encouraged to search, to seek for truth, Often we rush. We sometimes aspire. There are two pertinent lines from

to know that the Lord God, whose inWe sometimes seek to acquire and acthe closing of a beautiful song finite intelligence embraces the whole cumulate. We live with many probwhich the Tabernacle Choir sings,

universe, is the source of all truth, lems, with much unrest; we do much "America, the Beautiful": "Confirm

and to know that there is no point or running around and take time for thy soul in selfcontrol, Thy liberty purpose in losing faith because of conlesser things, looking elsewhere for in law."

flicting theories, because time and answers, failing to find them. Sooner or later we learn that the

patience and research and revelation And with all the many things that commandments are selfenforcing. In

will sometime see them all resolved. men are finding, it would seem that bedall things there are causes and conseAfter all, eternity is a long time, and rock answers should not be so elusive. quences. In all things there are stanthere is infinitely much that men do Indeed, they are not, but the answers dards, and all that we haven't yet

not know. Why be disturbed about the go back to the commandments of God, reached or realized we must arrive at

little that we think we know. Many to the principles given by our Savior, by repentance and improvement. There

theories once thought to be true have to what has been revealed through the is no way except the Lord's way. As

since been set aside, and others will be. prophets, to that which gives peace Dr. James W. Clarke expressed it many

What is it worth to be able to look and high purpose, and the assurance years ago in a radio sermon quoted by at all things with patient faith, knowof everlasting life. And it is worth William H. Danforth:

ing that all the answers will sometime much to know that there are answers, "Christ is the greatest need of the be in evidence? that to all of the problems and all of world. Many of us profess to be ChrisWhat is it worth to have standards, the contentions of the world, there are tians, yet we must confess that we do

commandments, moral laws, rules of answers. We heard Brother Romney not take Him seriously. Our surrender

life which are Godgiven, and by speak of them. We heard Brother Kimis but in part. We salute Him, but we

which to judge our choices, our conball speak of them. We heard Brother don't obey Him. We respect Him, but

duct, so as not to be left to the perPetersen and Brother Hunter speak of we don't follow Him. We admire Him,

versions and sophistries of men for the commandments which have not but we don't worship Him. We quote

such decisions? been repealed. God has not changed His sayings, but we don't live by

How much is it worth to those who his mind, as Brother Petersen indicated them.... There is only one way out

are discouraged, to those who have to us. for the world—the way of the man of

been harshly dealt with, to those for I should like to recall to your mind Galilee."

whom life has been hard, to those who just a few sentences from these brethJesus asked this of the Nephites, and don't quite seem to have found their ren: then answered his own question:

544 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TIRE SALE TIME! The wraps are off.

Why look all over town for a good buy on tires? I've got bargain set. I'll take your recappable tires in trade. And you can take your

prices on my longwearing Atlas tires. And I've got special sale time to pay by using your American Oil credit card. Or ask me to

prices on my Amoco 1 20 Super Premium Tires, too. As a matter arrange easy terms. Watch for my tire sale ad soon to appear

of fact, my prices are so tempting it only makes sense to buy a in your newspaper. Then stop in. The wraps are off.

Your American Oil Dealer AMERICAN

You expect more from American and you get it 1.*

AMERICAN OIL COMPANY Trademark

JUNE 196S 845 New! "Therefore, what manner of men ought Church? They are held for the good of

ye to be? Verily I say unto you, even the individual—for your son and my

as I am."(3 Nephi 27:27.) son, your daughter and mine. The Lord

"And, if you keep my commandhas said, "... if it so be that you should TAPEMATES ments,"he said elsewhere, "and endure labor all your days in crying repento the end you shall have eternal life, tance unto this people, and bring, save

which gift is the greatest of all the it be one soul unto me, how great shall gifts of God."(D&C 14:7.) be your joy with him in the kingdom

How much is all this worth? It canof my Father!

not be calculated. "And now, if your joy will be great

"We have nothing to lose—except with one soul that you have brought

everything."And nothing to gain exunto me into the kingdom of my

cept everything—eternal life with our Father, how great will be your joy if

Father and his Son, and with our you should bring many souls unto me!"

loved ones with us everlastingly, and (D&C 18:1516.)

peace and purpose and assurance here The whole purpose of the organizaand now. tion of this great Church, so complete,

Leaving you my witness as to the so perfect, is to bless the individual.

truth of this work and as to how much How that stands out in striking conall of this is worth, in closing there trast, in opposition, to the claim of the comes to mind these words from Presicommunist who says that the indionly dent McKay: "Go home and live your vidual is but a spoke in the wheel of

religion.... Radiate what you are and the state, that the state is all in all, the

all who come under its influence will individual being but a contributing $7950forTW0! benefit from it."factor to the perpetuation and strength

Talking letters—the modern way May our Father's blessings be with of the state.

to correspond. Buy a pair of you always, I pray in Jesus'name. That idea is diametrically opposed to

these amazing new transistorized Amen. the gospel of Jesus Christ. Jesus sought

recorders; tape one, keep Sony society for the by perfecting a perfect

to give one grandma, your boy recognized individual. the fallacy He or, at college far any loved one

away, and correspond by tape—in the dream of those who hoped to

nothing says it like your voice. he Purpose o1 make a perfect society out of imperWhen you are not correspondfect individuals. In all his labors and

ing, each Sony 123 Tapemate is Church to Perfect associations, he sought the perfection of complete tape a recorder with dozen fun uses the around house a the Individual theTheindividual.goal he always set before his office. or

President David 0. McKay followers was the emancipation of men

Read by his son and women from greed, from anger,

Robert R. McKay from jealousy, from hatred, from fear;

and in their place he hoped to bring

God bless you, brethren and sisters, mentabout ofa completethe individual'sand normaldivinedeveloppowers you stake presidencies, you bishoprics through right thinking and unselfish, of wards, you officers, stake and local, efficient service.

fathers, you mothers and you young rewards, promised no material He people so doing who are much perfected, to but he did promise build the of kingdom. up what Much therefore perfect, manhood. "Be ye Deaeret divine sisters brethren you never and do we is as in Father your even heaven which

it near about, as and seems though you is perfect."5:48.) (Matt. with And

are visible results, working without but that resultthe comes manhood Book COMPANY no deed performed, good can be no 44 ant happiness. EAST SO. TEMPLE happiness—truedivine its be can spoken word without SALT LAKE CITY kind bless you, dear fellow God workmy

effects felt for being of the the good ers, Authorities, General stake you whole. Sometimes the good may be inpresidencies, bishoprics, every officer

finitesimal, but as a rock that is thrown and teacher throughout the land starts into a pool the from a wave every Spirit the of the member! May

center to enlarge until continues which Lord in in hearts abide your and is every of part the shore touched,WARDS* STAKES* RELIEF SOCIETIES people, that so your homes, partaking:CLUBS. ORDER NOW FOR your deeds, silent, many of them unyour radiation of honesty, integrity, upof

YOUR BANQUETS known, unspoken, and unheralded, rightness, and faith in our Lord Jesus

Break Resistant continue to radiate and touch many Christ, will be led to glorify our

are of not unappreciative what We help to bring us that about God MELMAC hearts. Father in heaven. are doing. you out to a can go Nobody it in peace the only that can way DINNERWARE service dedicatory of of our one church is come, through which to obedience Seconds edifices, illusdetails, incidents, hear the of gospel Christ, in Jesus I pray But i Good! trations, of sacrifices to be seems what his holy name. Amen. 20 FLORAL 1 of freely hours hours and given, of work DESIGNS without deeply being impressed with10"DINNER PLATES. each 49c the integrity sincerity and of the mem13"SERVING PIATTERS 69c bers of this Church. To know that which before us

SALAD PLATES 8 for $1.98 Why do we hold these conference lies in daily life is the prime of

Shipping Charges Paid on Orders Over 200 meetings and all other meetings in the wisdom.—Milton

PEHRSON HARDWARE 2115 S. 11th East, Salt Lake City, Utah

546 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Church Moves On 1964 was 1,801,571, with 433,345 Robert W. Cundick, an associate

at of music professor Brigham missions. in the members(Continued from page 468) Elder and Roy of the sustaining the Young University, During

This was the last day of the General Authorities and general of- M. Darley, an assistant tabernacle

135th annual general conferficers of the Church, Elder Frank organist since April 1947, were susence of the Church. W. Asper, who was appointed a tained as tabernacle organists. It

At the morning session it was tabernacle organist April 24, 1924, is estimated that Dr. Asper has

announced that church memberwas given the title of "tabernacle played ten thousand noonday tabship on December 31, 1964 had organist emeritus."Elder Alexernacle organ recitals during the

reached 2,234,916. This was a gain ander Schreiner, whose appointperiod of his service as well as

for the year of 117,465, of which ment as a tabernacle organist came hundreds of other recitals and has 93,463 were baptized as converts about two weeks before Dr. Asaccompanied the Tabernacle Choir

in the stakes and missions. Memper's, was sustained today as on hundreds of its nationwide radio

bership in the stakes at the end of "Chief Tabernacle Organist."Elder broadcasts.

Elder Keith M. Humphreys

sustained as president of Vancouver (British Columbia) Stake succeeding President D. Evan

as served David, he with whom I THE SEEING PEOPLE A SECOND TIME SPOKEN first are counselor. New counselors WORD a Elders Archie and Evanson Dale

Eldon Lyle Burgess. Elder Albert

RICHARD L. EVANS H. Penn is the retiring second

counselor.

Sometimes in our thoughtlessness we behave towards others as if we would never have to account for our actions or attitudes or as if we were In an outdoor setting benever going to see them again. We sometimes seem to rely on not being fore the magnificent Wasatch

known. But, as was long since said: "... he who has one enemy shall meet Mountains east of Salt Lake City,

him everywhere."1 This provocatively was expressed by a successful the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir

executive, who'said: "You always meet people a second time."2 The was one of the features in the

significance is evident in many areas. Sometimes adults are inconsiderate Easter program of the Bell Telewith children. They may keep a child waiting in a line longer than they phone Hour, color telecast by the

would an adult or give less consideration. But adults grow old, and chilNational Broadcasting Company.

dren grow up, and we may not know when some child we have ignored may sometime be in a principal position, and we may not only see him Memphis Stake, 403rd stake but need him under different circumstances. Sometimes where we feel now functioning in the

we are not known, we may be less courteous or less considerate or may Church, was organized from the give way to unbecoming conduct. But we may again come face to face Memphis District of the Gulf States

with the very people before whom we were guilty of unbecoming conMission by Elder Howard W.

duct. In traffic, on the highway, there are those who utter abusive language Hunter of the Council of the

or rudely honk horns or cut in with dangerous discourtesy—people who Twelve and Elder Alvin R. Dyer,

might behave better across the desk or in a social situation. But they—or Assistant to the Twelve. Elder

we—never know when we may come face to face in some different Richard Stoddard was sustained as

situation with someone toward whom we have acted unbecomingly. There stake president with Elders Everett

are some interesting observations on this subject from other sources. In C. Frazier and George W. Burns

Barnaby Rudge, Dickens said: "To be plain with you, friend, you as counselors. Missionary work

fall of in the began in Tennessee carry don't countenance in your of recommendation."3 "There a letter4 the joined 1834, and some converts is first impressions."in the deal not all impressions a great "Do made

in life,"said Julius Bate, "continue immortal as the soul itself? May they old Mormon settlement at Far

not form the picturegallery, upon which we shall gaze through the West, Missouri, in the latter part boundless ages of eternity?"5 Life is long enough to turn in many difof 1836.

ferent directions, not only now, but endlessly; and each individual is

Pavilion The opened Mormon of likelihood the seeing important, not a time second someone and would as the today York New it slight, least on. can't at or to of very counted one be be seem No

its Fair us World's began second and others. inafford will of unfair to us or can need beknows None when we final of operation. season at New in or the considerate conduct that found assumption unbecoming be on

is sixthis our Pavilion year a time. see aside seeing others a second won't there from someone Andwe foot of high replica statue of the

of of everlastingly seeing ourselves. matter our meeting Maker and the Angel Moroni has which been time. simply count a seeing cannot second on not someoneWeis the reproduced placed in white and

iQmar Khayyam (d. 1122), Persian poet and astronomer. in the "Restoration Room."The

2Samuel Goldwyn, "Why Everything Counts,"This Week magazine, January 21, 1962. larger copy of the angel, done in

8Dickens, ongreve, BarnabyWay of Rudge,the World,chapteract iv,2. scene i. gold, stands atop the center tower

BJulius Bate (171171), English divine. of the Pavilion as it did last year.

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia That is a copy of the statue on the

Broadcasting System, March 21, 1965. Copyright 1965. Salt Lake Temple.

JUNE 1965 547.

A Spoonful of Sugar Your blessings as a bearer of the (Continued from page 485) priesthood are numerous. Some of

them would include: power to bless

meetings, be on time, and be and serve others through the priestprepared to fulfil your assignment, hood, growth and development in to remain in the meeting until its the kingdom of God, worthiness to conclusion—not just wait until the receive the higher or Melchizedek

ordinance is completed then duck Priesthood when you become of out, to be reverent, to have an attiage, preparation for a temple martude compatible with the power of riage, privilege of being patriarch

God which is yours. in your own family some day,

| THE MARRIED PEOPLE WHAT TWO SPOKEN

WORD 'styles all L.D.S. include 50 Some temple OTHER OWE EACH

in designs white and latest parchments.

Matching Mormon albums, napkins, other accessories. One day rush order service.

RICHARD L. EVANS

There is a sentence from John Ruskin that suggests a subject: "Do not

Send 25c for catalog & samples, refunded think you can make a girl lovely,"he said, "if you do not make her on first order. (50c if air mail desired.) happy."1 This moves us to the question of marriage, of the hearts of

REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440 parents, of children, and of all that happens at home. And to those about

Name - to marry—and to those who are—let it be said that marriage is not meant

Address - to be a halfway matter. What you invest in this venture is beyond calculaCity, Zone, State tion. There is no more complete commitment. And it works both ways:

If either one of you is unhappy, both of you will be. And if you are happy

with each other, your children likely will be. "The most important thing a

father can do for his children,"wrote one writer, "is to love their mother."2

it. will if the maintain members Any

it. will to destroy two members Your kitchen stays "Everyhome mayhomebe destroyedmay be maintainedif either of the

... [and] represent unity of heart and cleaner when you Such domestic unions are spiritual...

intellect, of will and of conscience. Such marriages, moreover, represent the primary element of equality... so that, [as John Stuart Mill said

it], 'each can enjoy the luxury of looking up to the other.'"3 "Marriage

gives the finest opportunity that life affords for practising... principles

... flexibility, adaptation, fairmindedness,... upon which durability...

depend[s]."4 In marriage, as in all relationships of life, all have adjustments to make. No one is perfect; all have faults; all can find faults.

Little things can be much magnified. William Cowper gave us this ELECTRIC couplet: "The kindest and the happiest pair, will find occasion to forbear;

Nothing is cleaner find something every day they live, to pity, and perhaps forgive."5 Beauty

is sought. sometimes But there is beauty than face more and of much than a kilowatt—no features. of character; intelligence; of There is beauty beauty beauty

products of combusthat lights the countenance; beauty that increases with respect, with

riage you are investing more than can be calculated, and if either of you ti0n 'n\ sendee, with kindness and sincere consideration. Remember that in maris unhappy, both of you will be. "The sum which two married people

owe each other defies calculation,"said Goethe. "It is an infinite debt,

which can onlv be discharged through all eternity.""Do not think you

can make a girl lovely, if you do not make her happy."We close recalling

a sentence from President McKay: "No other success can compensate

for failure in the home."7

ohn Ruskin, Lilies: Of Queens'Gardens.

2A"thnr unknown.

Business of M. Tarbell, "The Being a Woman,"American Magazine, March 1912. See the smart new 4IdaCharles"William F. Thwing, "The American Family,"Living Age, August 19, 1911. Cowper poet. English ( 17311800),

electric range models 6Goethe,PresidentElectiveDavid O.Affinities,McKay, bk.April1. 4, 1964.

at your dealer's now. "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

Broadcasting System, April 4, 1965. Copyright 1965.

Ifit's electric, it's better!

UTAH POWER t LIGHT COMPANY

948 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA There are a few things included in the

Baldwin "package"we may not have told you about:

We back every Baldwin Organ we sell with a complete team of experts.

If you're building a new church or remodeling one, Great opportunity to hear Baldwin. Send for dramatic new LP

we'll provide architectural counsel to help you demonstration record, "The Church Organ and Its Music,"with plan properly, well in advance of the installation. Gerre Hancock. Only $1.

Acoustical experts will advise you on the proper ff"Baldwin Piano selection of acoustical materials for best tonal results. &Dept.OrganIE Company665

A financial counselor can help your church arrange Cincinnati,1801 GilbertOhioAve.45202

a program of payment best suited to your budget planning. Gentlemen:

I enclose $1. And our design engineers constantly work with Yes,StereoI'll takeMonauraladvantage(checkof yourone)new recording offer.

musical consultants on the basic organ design to assure Name...

an instrument best suited to your form of musical worship. Address.

In short, we do everything possible to make sure you'll be happy with your new Baldwin Organ. City.State.

Take advantage of us. Baldwin V-My Official Capacity. J

For residents of Canada: Baldwin Piano Company (Canada) Ltd., 86 Riv.ilda Road, Weston, Ontario

JUNE 1965 549 following the road which leads to eternal family life and joy and blessings forever.

DILLY THE DAWDLER

Flash card lesson:

Dilly was a fine little person—

except for one terrible habit. Dilly

was a dawdler. His only speed was

too s-l-o-w.

Dilly was late for breakfast every morning because instead of jumping out of bed when he had had enough sleep, he would lie in bed and daydream and daydream and daydream.

Washing and dressing, which should take only a few minutes, sometimes took Dilly an hour because he would walk from room to room, stop to play with the cat, look out the window, and do most anything but put his clothes on.

Dilly's friends usually had to wait for him and sometimes they would leave for school without him. A

few times Dilly was even tardy for school.

Dilly was a dawdler at school, too; and often while the other children would be out playing at recess,

Dilly would be in the classroom still trying to finish his work.

Dilly missed lots of fun each summer because it would take him all to get his chores done. morning

in other children the neighThe Savings grow faster at borhood had done their work and had been riding their bikes, skating, or playing games for several hours.

It was an unhappy life for Dilly.

He was tired of being scolded and STATE! hurried and reminded. He was tired

of being too late for the fun and

Thinking of shelling good times. He wondered what

out for savings? Good idea! Fiveyear Savings Growth at Various Rates to do.

You can't do better than Dilly's mother told him that his

STATE for growth. Here it dawdling was just a bad habit.

is in an eggshell: Most places Rate $100.00 $500.00 $1,000.00 $5,000.00 Habits are formed when we do the

offering insured savings are 4% 121.89 609.49 1,218.99 6,094.97 same thing over and over again.

it's like paying from 4% to 4V2%. 4'A% 124.92 624.60 1,249.20 6,246.01 Each time we do something,

STATE'S RATE IS wrapping another piece of thread 1 4%% 126.45 632.27 1,264.55 6,322.79 1 around us until we are all bound

up. Dilly had been a dawdler for so

long that he was tied up tight with being too slow. Dilly felt there were

so many threads around him that he just couldn't break them.

Dilly's mother suggested that the

CURRENT RATE best way to break a bad habit is to INSURED M begin unwinding the threads, one by one.

Dilly decided the first thread

Don't hide your head in the should which the be was unwound isn't rate sand. If your 4%%, in lying one for in long bed too help see us. come and We you Home Office:AND56 LOANSouth ASSOCIATIONMain, Salt Late City, Utah INSURED

grow ahead faster. Clearfield Office: 75 South State, Clearfield, Utah

BSO THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Your Chevron Dealer

stakes his own money on faith in his ability to please you!

Wherever you see the red, white and blue "Chevron Dealer"sign, you'll find a man who owns his own business. That's why

he never takes you or your patronage for granted. You're

important to him.

Chevron Dealers are career men. Thousands have sold

Standard Oil's quality products, and benefited from Standard's constructive business assistance, for 10 years or more—a good

many for 15, 20, even 35 years.

It's in the American tradition: a Company creating opportunities for men willing to build on their own initiative.

That's why you find Chevron Dealers so friendly, dependable and eager to please. Chevron Dealers are active in civic affairs

too. Some are mayors of their towns. Many

are leaders in youth organizations, school boards and other community activities.

The ChevronSign of excellence STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

JUNE 1965 551 the mornings. He made up his mind

to get out of bed on time for three mornings in a row. The fourth

morning he found himself out of bed on time without even thinking about it. That thread must be unwound!

Then Dilly decided for the next three mornings he would work quickly until he was completely washed and dressed. He surprised

himself by learning how much easier it was to get dressed quickly than it was to take too long. Soon

that thread was completely unwound, too!

By the end of another week, Dilly had unwound so many of his badhabit threads that he could

How can Bigelow carpet help your church P breakone try.theDillyfew waswhichfree!wereHeleftwaswithno

tied longer up with the bad habit buildings. that day's church your architect. tell youAsk He can new Mormon a dawdler. of being

filafine carpet, noise like Bigelow, absorbs continuous with 100% And loomed to create an atmosphere of serenity. ment nylon pile, Cordridge will give Which one are you—Dilly the

And he can demonstrate how carpet years and years of wear. Dawdler or Dilly who is free?

actually saves on maintenance and There's a Bigelow carpet to suit cleaning costs. every church, public building, home.

Finally, no one need tell you what Bigelow has or can customcreate the carpet can do for appearance. The disperfect carpet. We've done it since 1825.

tinctive tree texture bark of Cordridge These Times(above), its 16 colors, of in any is esRUGS 4 CARPETSpecially adaptable to the decor of toBigelow.3 SINCE 1825 (Continued from page 470)

Adam's marriage must have been an extraordinarily happy and welcome one. He was alone. "And the

Lord God said, It is not good that the man should be alone; I will

B.Y.U. Student Housing make(Gen. him2:18.)an help meet for him."

"And Adam called his wife's name Eve; because she was the

all living."of (Ibid., 3:20.) SPARKS derives the "Eve"from (Our word

or words ROMAN GARDENS motherHebrew Chavah Havaah meaning "living.")

4 blocks to campus Moses, chapter five, outlines the

Vi block to complete shopping center struggles of the first family after 2 full bdrhs each apartment Eden:

fulllength mirrors "And Adam knew his wife, and she bare unto him sons and daughlarge wardrobe closets ea. bd. rm. ters, and they began to multiply

central heating & air conditioning and to replenish the earth.

sound insulation—walls & ceiling "And from that time forth, the

heated swim pool & center garden sons and daughters of Adam began patio to divide two and two in the land, and to till the land, and to tend builtin oven, range & garbage flocks, and they also begat sons disposal and daughters.

wallto-wall carpet "And Adam and Eve, his wife, beautifully furnished in decorator called upon the name of the Lord, colors and they heard the voice of the 1 Lord from the way towards the weekly maid service—no extra charge Garden of Eden, speaking unto

For information and reservations them, and they saw him not; for

they were shut out from his presLaVorn G. Sparks, Jr. ence.

P.O. Box 48, Provo, Utah

552 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

"And he gave unto them commandments, that they should worship the Lord their God, and should offer the firstlings of their flocks, for an offering unto the

Lord. And Adam was obedient unto

the commandments of the Lord."

(Moses, 5:2-5.)

The family was also instructed, through angelic message to Adam, to "... do all that thou doest in the

name of the Son, and thou shalt repent and call upon God in the name of the Son forevermore."(V.

8.) Further, "... Adam and Eve

blessed the name of God, and they made all things known unto their sons and their daughters."(V. 12.

Italics added. ) Thus began family

teaching.

Then "... Satan came among

them...."and "... men began

from that time forth to be carnal, sensual, and devilish"(v. 13), but

Adam and Eve "... ceased not to

(V.call 16.) God."upon It's PEOPLE is birth also recorded Cain, whose

in this version (v. 16), refused to

hearken to the Lord, and "... loved that make a bankSatan more than God."(V. 18.)

thus with family faced wasThe disThrough the years the success of First Security Bank has been his Abel.cord. brother slew Cain

The family of man was torn by dependent upon the strength, integrity and leadership of its fratricide. A remarkable dialog beindividual people. The officers of First Security are not only

tween the Lord and Cain is set trusted and respected businessmen, but their personal lives also forth in the book of Moses. (Vs. reflect their spirit and interest in community welfare.

3440.) It concludes with the terse

words: "And I the Lord set a mark As of this date, 148 First Security officers are church leaders

upon Cain, lest any finding him... past and present Stake Presidents, Bishops, Missionaries

should kill him."(V. 40.) and auxiliary organization officers and teachers. This importlater "Thou commandment The

reant activity is further strengthened by the 187 First Security kill"shalt not seems to have ceived prominent attention here. officers who are current or former presidents of civic organizaCain complained, "... my punishtions, from chambers of commerce to charity drives. The

ment is greater than I can bear."management of First Security is made up of men with deep

(V. 38.) roots in our intermountain area... pioneer stock in this region's

But the Lord did not pronounce history and heritage.a death sentence on Cain. Why

Adam and his posterity did not is Church activity... civic leadership... such grass roots particialso explained in verse 40: "And I pation in community life helps the people at First Security

untothe Lord said him [Cain] know your needs and opportunities. Therefore we are better thee, slayeth vengeanceWhosoever

shall be taken on him sevenfold. qualified and prepared to provide the complete banking services

And I the Lord set a mark upon you require.

Cain, lest any finding him should kill him."Thus mercy was shown It may be a safe and convenient place to keep your building,

by the Lord to Cain, and men were missionary, budget and auxiliary funds or a personal savings warned to spare his life, murderer account... all earn the highest guaranteed bank interest permitted

though he was. by law on passbook savings. Or, you may want a ward or

in account, the murder Later individual personal checking account; or business loan—an

.. secret again.occurs combi- A ". for you. is the First Security any case bank

their in the innation, works were and dark, and they knew every man his brother,"(v. 51) threatened

the heretofore open and free society of Adam's family. Then God FIRST SECURITY BANKS

Members Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation

JUNE 1965 553.

MUSIC cursed the earth (v. 56), for men "And thus all things were con-

"... would not hearken unto his firmed unto Adam, by an holy

voice, nor believe on his Only ordinance, and the Gospel preached, NEEDED? Begotten Son... [who] should and a decree sent forth, that it

until the world, be in the in the meridian of time,..."should ORDER FROM come thus it was. and end thereof; (V.57.)

The affairs of the family of Adam Amen."(Ibid., 5:5859.)

appear discordant and gloomy Is there hope in the world for the all? race? For a few? For towards as one the human comes *f Music Co indeed the 1 of Section seek? chapter. cryptic But did For all who end of this

IDAHO FALLS, IDAHO 83401 Adam or God give up? Doctrine and Covenants says ".

"And thus the Gospel began to the voice of warning shall be unto.

SOLOS—Secular VOCAL STANDARD and be preached, from the beginning, all people, by the mouths of my Collections Methods and Sacred, Vocal being declared by holy angels sent disciples, whom I have chosen in

PIANO METHODS - SOLOS AND FOLIOS forth from the presence of God, these last days.

ORGAN METHODSSOLOS AND STUDIES and by his own voice, and. by the "And they shall go forth and

INSTRUMENTAL METHODS - SOLOS - gift of the Holy Ghost. none shall stay them, for I the Lord

COLLECTIONS BAND METHODS & BOOKS ORCHESTRA METHODS & BOOKS CHORAL ARRANGEMENTS - SA - SSA -

SAB - SATB - TTBB CANTATASMUSICAL PLAYS and OPERA THE SPOKEN THE USE OF PROFANITY SCORES

WORD a DICTIONARIES—THEORY AND

HARMONY BOOKS SEASONAL MUSIC - EASTER - CHRISTMAS, Etc. RICHARD L. EVANS

L.D.S. ALL AVAILABLE MUSIC SUGGESTED the on cited Washington these George from words have previously

THE SHIPPED ORDERS AS We SAME DAY propractice of foolish profanity: and wicked practice of "The prevalent SUPPLIED. RECEIVED. - CATALOGS

fane cursing and swearing is a vice so mean and low, that every person of sense and character detests and despises it."1 There are many who

have expressed their feelings on the same subject: "Profaneness is a...

it is no gentleman. W. H. BINTZ CO. vice,"said Edwin Hubbel Chapin. "He who indulges in

ANNOUNCES—Ior whatcare notculturewhat hehis boasts.—Despitestamp may be in allsociety,his refinement,or what clothesthe helightwears,and

A NEW habitual taking of God's name in vain, betrays a coarse... will."2 "Proleast said author. good,"fanity "No did any an unknown never man the WHOLESALE for it. wiser, one to or no or happier, the richer, It commends man is CASH & CARRY DEPT. society. It is disgusting to the refined; abominable to the good; insultingany

310 So. 3rd West - 3635821 - S. L. C. to those with whom we associate; degrading to the mind; unprofitable,

Featuring Supplies & Equipment needless, and injurious to society."3 The "tendency to speak lightly of

For Mass Feeding God"; "the habit of flipping out an oath on any and every pretext"is,

Canned Fruits & Vegetables in fact, a "poverty of language.""Among many nations,"reports a widely

respected periodical, "profanity is restricted to the ignorant and underKraft Cheeses—Sauces, etc. privileged; with us it is the educated and the sophisticated alike....

Even if we try to judge generously, we must concede that swearing...

Individual Portion Packed reveals both a paucity of ideas no less than of vocabulary...."4 "When

Frozen Meats and Fish men interlard their otherwise dull speech with a number of oaths, they are reality are in 'strong language."5 language.'said to use weakening But they Pillsbury Quality House and

is of profanity, there the language prevalence Despite still good and bad etc. Mix, Mixes—Pancake Cake

language, refined speech and crude speech, reverent language and

Condiments—Spices—Extracts irreverent language, and the prevalence of such practice hasn't removed

the difference between the two. Basic to all of this is what is called a

Candy Making Supplies and commandment—indeed, one of the Ten Commandments, none of which

Equipment has ever been repealed so far as we are aware: "Thou shalt not take the

name of the Lord thy God in vain; for the Lord will not hold him guiltless

Bakers'Supplies & Equipment that taketh his name in vain."6

Wedding Cake Ornaments and 1 George Washington.

Decorating Tools 2Edwin Hubbel Chapin (181480), American Unitarian clergy.

3AuthorChristianunknown.Century, November 29, 1933.

Sno Cone Flavors and Equipment Hbid., May 30, 1934.

6Exod. 20:7.

Fountain Flavors and Topping "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

Broadcasting System, February 28, 1965. Copyright 1965.

MANY - MANY MORE SPECIALTY ITEMS

Inquiries from Bishops for Ward

Banquets Solicited

554 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

University of Utah Salt Lake City. Utah 84112

have commanded them."( Vs. 4-5. COLLEGE OF FINE ARTS

The family of Adam and Eve DEPARTMENT OF HUSIC presents a challenging spectacle in these times. What are the prosWilliam Knabe and Company

pects for a happy restoration of the East Rochester, New York family reunited in the bonds of love and faith, "That in the dispensaGentlemen:

tion of the fulness of times he I am very pleased with my Knabe.

[God] might gather together in one Its action is superb.

all things in Christ"? (Eph. 1:10.) Its unique structural features give it a rich

Three years before his death, resonantto the transparenttone. Promtreblethe deepthe andsoundeloquentis somewhatbass

Adam called his son Seth "... with akinthe Cremonato that masters.of the stringed instruments made by

the residue of his posterity who Because of its responsive action and its vibrant, were righteous, into the valley of mentvariedfortonalplayingqualityaccompaniments,the Knabe is chamberan idealmusicinstruand

Adamondi-Ahman, and there bethe solo literature.

stowed upon them his last blessing. Very truly yours,

"And the Lord appeared unto them, and they rose up and blessed

Adam, and called him Michael, CrWvy\Jm<—<

the prince, the archangel.

"And the Lord administered comLeroyDepartmentRobertson,of MusicChairman fort unto Adam, and said unto him: University of Utah

I have set thee to be at the head; a

multitude of nations shall come of thee, and thou art a prince over them forever.

"And Adam stood up in the midstof the congregation; and notwith- I'm very pleased with

standing he was bowed down with."

..age, being full of the Holy Ghost, hit Knabe

predicted whatsoever should befall his posterity unto the latest generaSo writes Leroy Robertson of the University ot Utah. Knabe

tion."(D&C 107:5356.) grands and consoles are found wherever fine pianos are reThe entire family, evidently, were quired. In Utah's Brigham Young University. At New York's

not called together for that extraMetropolitan Opera where it has long been Official Piano.

ordinary occasion, only the residue Write us. We will send you a colorful catalog and the name of

"who were righteous."your nearest Knabe dealer.

Did the quality of righteousness, and no other, set limits for the reaches of love and faith in those times? What of today? On what

grounds can an individual reenter the circle of Adam and Eve? Are

race, politics, national origin a bar?

Or only righteousness? Through

what trials of faith and love can noble father Adam and loving mother Eve realize their dream? East Rochester, N.Y.

Signature of Quality PianosWill their family be united or re- A main forever disunited? Eve, bearing her son Cain, exclaimed with

hope, "... I have gotten a man

from the Lord; wherefore he may WYOMING BOYS'RANCH & HUNTING CENTER

not reject his words."(Moses 5:16.

How did Eve, the mother, face the SUMMER CAMP FOR BOYS Big Game Hunts challenge of the terse report: "But Ages 1217 Fishing Trips

behold, Cain hearkened not, saying: Who is the Lord that I should Sessions Begin: June 15 by Registered Guide

know him?"(Idem.) July 15 & Outfitter

is question, the The "Who Information Further For Country Ranch Cool is I thatLord, him?"should know Camping Home CookingLife Call or ELK Write DEER -

Fishing Pleasant teach. question. Parentsa sober may BOYS'Trips WYOMING Float Association - BEAR MOOSE pray. childParents each But Careful Horseback may Ric mg & RANCH

Supervision Hikingin also learn family CENTER Adam's must HUNTING LAKE STREAM & Fossil Activities Healthy Hunts

Sports LDS Standards Teamand decide the basic issues for Training Water Work Sports S. R. Dayton,Box 288Director TROUT FISHINGhimself. Survival Travel Training Park

Fireside Evenings Hobbies Cokeville, Wyoming

Phone 2795220 Home Write for Brochure

WRITE FOR BROCHURE Phone 2795120 Ranch

JUNE 1965 S85 for all To Walk by Faith, Not Sight (Continued from page 481)

something to eat at Riverview.

OK?""Yes, let's go to that little glen where we had our picnic the day before you left."

The retreat was a grassy glade beside a small canyon creek run-..armchair ningpines. betweenThey hadclumpssaid oflittlefragrantdurride. the ing to nearness Their or active other enough. each was They

spread a blanket on the grass and

Deseret News sports writers hersat down.dearnessWithto him,the assurancethe problemof and give cameramen fans the over which Martha brooded had

facts first... fast and for did not unsurmonths seem

... every day. to the Turn felt she soon mountable. She would

finest sports pages in the find that her fears were unfounded.

Mountain West in your But this inference that they could

Deseret News be married immediately—he knew

it took time to prepare for a temple marriage, even longer than for a civil one. There would be interviews with their bishop and stake

president. Had he kept up his DESERETSALT LAKE CITY, UTAHNEWS tithing while he had been away?

And the change in him that she'd been so worried about. Oh, she

wished he had never met his Dr.

Shroeder. VITAL ENERGY

sat in silence for a few moPaul breathed a deep FOR FAMILY FUN Welcome to ments.They Then

one ofSLC's sigh and said, "Well, Honey, we'd finer places better talk about our plans. I know

to stay we always said we'd have a big

TEMPLE SQUARE wedding—invite everybody, and

make it a time they wouldn't forget. But we did say, too, that if

things worked out so we could afford it, we wouldn't wait until

Modern *CoffeeTelevisionShops* AirandconditionedDining Rooms I am through.

Rate.: Singlet

Teletype So.00Reservation*up * Doublesaccepted$8.00collectupB01521-2405* Twins SI 0.00 "Thank the Lord they have. This

lab assistantship Dr. Shroeder got

for me sets us up fine. The work

fits right into my course; it will be

like being paid for doing what I'd it PHONE have to do anyway. And having

Vital energy from 100% whole grain FREE DRIVE /NPARKING 3552961 cinched at the end of the quarter flour. Stone grind it yourself—add to Alia frw parking at any Grant Auto Pork In town. made it so I could get away these

your family fun—increase your enjoyment few days and come for you."

of life. Bake your bread, rolls and cakes She searched his face to see if he

allwith the natural vitawere really savins the words shemins the of whole grain in the flour you use. was hearing. With an effort she

WRITE TODAY found her voice.

Buy a LEE MILL FOR FULL AUTO DECALS "Paul—you don't mean—get marin Identify yourself your community ried of the out temple?"Let judge. your family travel. INFORMATION as you I do, course "Of Honev. There forSend 5 lbs. Deaf

Smith County Whole AND FREE GOLD & GREEN isn't time for that and besides—"He

Flour, onlyGrain $1.50,

inStone a Lee Ground RECIPES. Availableor send check/moneyat Church Bookstoresorder to hesitatedthat he knewbeforewouldsayinghurttheher.words"BeMill. LUCILE'S CERAMICS sides, Martv—I couldn't get a rec-

P.O. Box "P"Provo, Utah ommend if we did have time.

LEE ENGINEERING Dept. IE6 6-65 COMPANY Bishops,50cQuorumeach postpaidPresidents, etc.

2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee, Wis. 53201 Write for quantity discounts

556 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

.<-?* rH 3g <&->!Honey, I—I have outgrown the

Church."She cried out and looked at him as if he had given her a physical blow. "Don't take it like that, Darling.

I haven't changed into a monster.

I haven't anything against theChurch. Some parts of it are fine. MA.U*

I in it.I'm glad brought was up it BY gets oneBut from when away

out into the world and studies all the things I've been grinding at and meets great men with minds that see beyond superstition—and

wishful thinking—"

"Oh, Paul, it's all that horrible The convenience of AMERICAN'S SAVEBY-MAIL

Dr. Shroeder you've come to worplan makes it easy for you to save regularly for your

ship. How I wish you had never special goal. Whether it's a college or mission fund..

met him. How I hate him."a nest egg for retirement years... or that important

"Marty, you'd love that man if reserve of cash... you'll appreciate AMERICAN'S high

you knew him—and I hope some earning rate on insured savings.

day you will know him. It is he perhaps more than anyone who has AMERICAN'S SAVEBY-MAIL envelopes are

opened up a bigger world to me—preaddressed and postagepaid! You'll find all the infor-|

broadened my horizon. But maybe mation about saving by mail printed right on the'

it will be hard for you to believe envelope, too! And, your money starts

this—he first took an interest in earning at AMERICAN'S high rate alme when I resented some of the most as soon as the postman delivers it!

things he was teaching because Stop in or write the office nearest you.

they didn't square with our churchdoctrines. He is tolerant of every- /0 IT—one's beliefs, but his beliefs are so SET YOUR GOAL AND GET

reasonable. moremuch He has SAVE THE AMERICAN WAY per annum, current ratehelped see truth as someme to

thing that can be demonstrated—

not as blind, intangible faith."

She said, "The Bible tells us to walk by faith, not sight. But maybe

he has even robbed you of belief in the Bible—in God."There was & LOAN ASSOCIATION

bitterness as well as hurt in Martha's HOME OFFICE: 63 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah 841 1 1

words. SUGAR HOUSE OFFICE: 21 86 Highland Dr., Salt Lake City, Utah 84106

They talked on and on until darkGRANGER OFFICE: 2727 West 3500 South, Salt Lake City, Utah 841 19

ness closed around them and the HAWAII DIVISIONAL OFFICE: 915 Fort St., Box 3859,

moon and the stars came out. They Honolulu, Hawaii 96812

talked not in anger; their love was KAIMUKI OFFICE: 1 1 42 - 1 2th Avenue, Honolulu, Hawaii 96816

too deep for that. But as the hours HILO OFFICE: 1 20 Waianuenue Avenue, Hilo, Hawaii 96720

passed the breach between them KALIHI OFFICE: 1851 North King St., Honolulu, Hawaii 96819

widened until there was no longer KAPIOLANI OFFICE: 1602 Kapiolam Blvd., Honoluhj, Hawaii

talk of marriage. The more Paul

tried his to explain new IT! RENT point of LDS Standards of Modesty YOU CAN strongerview, the Martha's became ITEMSSICK PARTY ROOM

loyalty to the Church and her testiCONSTRUCTION mony of the truth of the gospel. LINGERIE

At last a compromise. they made

Paul to affiliate promised again HOWE RENTS SALES AND RENTALSwith his branch of the Church in FOR INFORMATION.Chicago. He could not bear the CALL 4862359 or WRITE: SALT( LAKE CITY BOUNTIFUL

2375 500 West 251 1 Temple So. W. losing ofthought Martha and was 2-0684 FA

City, Utah Lake hissincere in Nevada RENOIN NEVADASouthRENTSState1490486-0055East 2nd 640Reno,So. reSalt to try to promise

gain his old beliefs. And she promised to read books and articles he 1964 ERA Indexes Available THE BEST

her to send herwould help Pianos underfor Church Organs & or Home.

only 10c bought separately official piano Knabe—of Metropolitan hisstand of thinking. new way with FREE binder ERA at $2.50 Allen Opera. solid state Organs—withTheir engagement no longer was to Write circuit.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MUSIC SUMMERHAYSS. State, Salt Lake City, Utah South 79 State, Salt Lake City 11, Utah 3719 2621061 Phone

JUNE 1965 557 Preserve the Inspiration of binding, but they would write to each other as friends. The goodbye The Improvement Era was sorrowful for them both.

Shortly after Paul's return to

In Beautifully Bound Volumes school he wrote that Dr. Shroeder

had been given "a leave of absence university the to from do some finest bindery West's Mountain and The in special research Switzermedical to printing bind your is prepared house land. collected Improvement Era's into fine

hard cover volumes. Mail or bring the This was good news to Martha.

editions you wish bound to the Deseret She felt that since his influence on

News Press. Paul was so strong, there would be more hope for the old feeling for

12 issues in hard cover $3.90. Advance the Church to return to Paul with

payment must accompany all orders the doctor away.

Please include postage if volumes are But it did not remove her desoto be returned by mail. "lation over the broken engagement.

It seemed that the foundation of

POSTAGE RATE FROM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH her very life had crumbled. Surely

Zone 5 1.05 there could be no future happiness

1 & 2 65 6 1.20 for her without Paul. At the same

3 75 7 1.40 time her belief in and devotion to

4 85 8 1.60 the Church was so strong she knew

that she would never marry unless it could be in the temple where she would be sealed to her mate for all eternity.

And so there was no joy in her days. She lost weight. She could

not sleep. She found no pleasure in

1600 Empire Road—33 Richards Street social activities with her friends.

Salt Lake City, Utah Her father and mother began to worry about her. They felt that she

must have a change, some new interest to ease her heartbreaking

A FULL disappointment.

Then a letter came from Aunt II Selma in Salt Lake City telling

LONG them about the tour the Tabernacle CARRIAGE ELECTRIC TYPEWRITER Choir was going to take to Europe

could along have go a companion $20200 and saying that she as a member $12 her. with Martha's mother Would + tax a month consider her? the trip with making

TERMS Perhaps here was an answer to their need. At once both parents inthat of instead her Martha RENT

IN TRADE trip. should the take IT mothersisted She FOR ONLY OLD YOUR it insisting protested, that be would $12 MONTH A TYPEWRITER

it that her too expensive and was SMITHCORONA MODEL 215 (3 Apply) Month

WITH YOUR CHOICE OF TYPE finallymother's persuadedright to hergo. Butthat theyshe

Just Perfect for All Genealogy Work needed this new experience.

In the excitement of preparation,

feel and look more like herself. ALL MAKES TYPEWRITER CO. Martha brooded less and began to

CORNER SECOND SOUTH AT STATE - SALT LAKE CITY The journey was filled with ex328-4941 - Park at Grant's citing happiness—association with

the choir members and their com-

I MAIL ORDERS ACCEPTED panions, thrilling concerts, and the growing enthusiasm of the audiences. Martha thought what an outstanding missionary sendee this

BIND YOUR ERAS IN LOOSELEAF FORM WITH AN tour was for the Church. She could

IMPROVEMENT ERA BINDER ONLY $2.50 even feel her own strong testimony

1964 Indexes available free.—*- Order from becoming stronger.

The Improvement Era office, 79 So. State, Salt Lake City, Utah

558 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The climax of her trip came in

Switzerland. Aunt Selma had written to relatives in Bern. The relathe group and warmlytives met Selma. \J Aunt and Marthawelcomed

They wanted to take them both home, but Aunt Selma had to stay itsWunderbar!

with the choir to prepare for the for insurance salesmen concert. So Martha went with her

cousins to'their little Swiss home, where she was treated as an honored guest.

They were full of questions about If you're a returned missionary now sellthe choir, the Church, and, of ing insurance and long for the chance course, about their American relato return to Europe...OR...you haven't

to Europe but you've heard abouttives. She grew hopeful of interSOME FACTS been

esting them in the gospel. the Wunderbar (pardon us) Wonderful

..this there. opportunity mesproud Martha was to accompany ABOUT A VERY financial of sage is for no better you. We knowher relatives to in the the concert

to that than road traveled success being largest Sestalle, auditothehuge it call our agents. European by We theyrium in the vicinity. She knew... Europe's market and UNCOMMON felt the love music.would Martha here's why!

atthat the singers their very were M... You SALES PATTERN A PROVENbest. response overwhelmThe was with military only. career MARKET! deal personnel

ing. Our representatives in Europe averaged

The following day, when the $1,150,000 of face amount production choir had to move on for their next during 1964.

relatives theengagement, made... You receive MORE MONEY Martha'ssuch a protest leavMUCH about perplus generous high commissions

ing that Aunt Selma suggested that sistency bonuses.

withMartha remain during them FREE You experience INCOMEthe rest join of the the TAX tour and lifetime in a. personal.. a oncegroup when they were ready to opportunity. financial

return home. Martha happily

agreed. CAPTIVATING ENVIRONMENT... You

later days Martha A few was knownlive andonlyselltoinrichan tourists.atmosphere once

sitting writing the front porch on like of say, the pudthey "the proof Butto her parents stopped a cab when is eating,"in the Euroding our andin front of the house a disand District can pean Manager document tinguishedlooking gentleman got the story for you. He'll be in Salt Lake

out. He looked at a slip of paper as City June 1 through 18. He would be

if to make sure of the address. Then pleased to talk with you. Write right

he dismissed the driver and walked now (or call, since time is short), and up the path. we'll arrange an interview. This is a

Martha was about to go inside to select sales force. All of our agents in

report the coming of a visitor when Europe are active LDS Church members.

he removed his hat and asked, "Can P. 0. Box 2520

tellyou me if Miss Martha MansSalt Lake City, Utah field is staying here?"

"I am Martha,"she answered, Telephone HU 7-7411, Ext. 34 INSURANCE COMPANY

very much surprised.

He stepped nearer.

"I am Dr. Frederick Shroeder. I

should like very much to have a RETURNED MISSIONARIES talk with you."

Martha paled, and a startled cry JEWELRY CO.

her. Allescaped her resentment

DA 2-1039 42WEST2ND. SOUTH SPECIALagainst the she man who felt had SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH

robbed her of life's happinessflooded through her. INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER PRICES

"I am aware of how you must feel CREDIT TERMS toward me, and I am more sorry than I can tell you. I would like to LIMITED EDITION

make some explanations. I think I ReprintBattalion"of by"A DanielConciseTyler.HistoryA diaryof theaccountMormonof On Your Diamond Fromcan amends."rare, Original 1881, make valued at now CO. JEWELRY DAYNES roster of Battalion, also names, His voice Utah's First Jewelers living occupation was one of the kindest $85.00.addressesits history. of those in Listsand 128 So. Main—

1881. $10.00 per copy.

DR. BRUCE A. BARTON

1746 Talbott Place, Waynesboro, Virginia 22980

JUNE 1965 SS9.

For she had ever heard. His manner

FUN and waslieve sohegentlewas theshe coulddevastatinghardlymanbewho had had such baleful power

PHYSICAL over Paul.

"How—did you know I was here?"

still bewildered.FITNESS. she asked,

"Paul cabled me and begged me to see you."

"Will you sit down?"She pushed

a chair toward him.

For the next half hour he talked to her in quiet tones and with a look in his deep blue eyes that reminded her of her father's expression when he was trying to help her understand something that baffled her or to comfort her when she was hurt.

He told her of his first meeting

Join the new withrelationshipPaul inandtheirof studentTteacherhis impression

ising young men he had met in years. DESERET GYMNASIUM that here was one of the most promHe said he was impressed, perhaps

most of all, with his deep sincerity and his loyalty to his convictions.

When some of Paul's classmates

Two Spacious Gymnasiums! Instruction for twitted him about his peculiar

Two Large, Sparkling Pools! Women and Girls: views on religion, he admired the

Nine Ultra Modern Handball Courts! Swimming Exercising way the boy defended them. He

indirectly learned thus something Tumbling Dance Modern Courts! Three Squash Roomy Saint doctrines, Latterday about Trampoline Gymnastics Rooms, and Rooms, Steam Sauna respected them. and he Volleyball Tennis Paddle Exercise Rooms! that as a he explained Then Ball Basketball Catch facilities for Separate 6 days a week. Open men & women.

Completely Equipped Men's Weight Badminton teacher of science and medicine, his task was to teach his students

Lifting and Body Building Room! facts which research had estabBarber Shop, Beauty Salon, and Snack first skeptical At Paul was Instruction for lished. Bar! classes points in presented of many

Masseur and Masseuse Salons! Men and Boys: and in the informal seminar meetHandball Squash Sun Deck! his ing with students he on had

Gymnastics Swimming the evenings, Sunday time when

REGISTER NOW FOR SUMMER CLASSES Trampoline of could meet. Tumbling most Soon them

Lifting and KEEP AT TRIM DESERET THE GYM Weight for avid and Paul seemed more Building Body Daily 6:30 Open - 9:00 p.m. a.m information subject every on more Karate Aikido

that presented itself. He could not Basketball DESERET GYMNASIUM Volleyball hear or read enough. Badminton 161 North Main St. Phone: 3282071

"You see, Miss Mansfield, I wanted him to gain a broad understanding of as much of human knowledge as I could help him with. I did not dream I was enticif ing him into water too deep for his

limited preparation. I can't under11BURNED OUT stand why I was so blind that I

REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY couldn't see that he was floundering. I did not realize this until he

A fire may mean you are out of a place to live, came back from his trip to Utah with tremendous added expense before you find and told me about you and the another. unhappy breaking of your engageLet us explain your need for ample insurance ment. Since then I have been trying

to help him see that science and to cover today's higher values. religion are not two separate worlds

with no relation to each other. They

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY are both essential to our wellbeing.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

560 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA So Simple A Child Can Operate It—Ideal For Family Nights

KEYSTONE K-512 fully automatic 8mm PROJECTOR * Reelto-reel automatic threading * Singleswitch forward, still, reverse and rewind * Very compact and light in weight

TruFlector lamp * Extremely compact NOW $ ONLY Nothing Down..5995Only $1/vfeek

Please send me the Keystone K-512 8mm Movie Projector sale priced at only $59.95. I'll pay on easy terms.

NAME

WIFE'S NAME

ADDRESS

CITY & STATE EMPLOYED BY Salt Lake City: 273 S. Main - 155 S. Main - 2190 Highland Dr.

Ogden: 2443 Washington Blvd. Provo: 161 W. Center St.

CREDIT REFERENCE Idaho Falls: 446 Park Avenue

JUNE 196S 561 BLACK & WHITE

fclwW 8 exposure roll ItellhopeyouyouI amwilla religiousbelieve memanwhenevenI in. "I'ma voiceso gladlittle youabovecame,"a whisper.she said

DEVELOPED & PRINTED though I belong to no religious deHe took her hand in both of his it, looking deep into her IN JUMBO SIZE nomination. 'My feeling has been and held

12 exposures 504 20 exposures $1.00 that above all creeds is religion."eyes.

36 exposures $1.50 Martha showed keen interest in "You'll stop in Chicago and see

still, leaning toward him, you?"COLOR FILM verywhat the man was saying. She sat Paul on your way home, won't

DEVELOPING drinkingHe pausedin everyand regardedsurprisingherword.with—IShewouldhesitated,like to,thenbutanswered,I—I don't"I

if I should."concern. Neither spoke know

"I want 8-ExposureKODACOLORRoll per forsympathetica few seconds. Martha you to take a message to Then

Dev. Printing and roll $2.55 reached out her hand impulsively. Paul from me."He still held her

12ExposureRoll Dev. *>>nf\Per*J.vU || and Printing ro........

Color Reprints 204 each

1 35 mm COLORColor Slides SLIDES per 20 exp., Dev. and Mount...$1.35 roll

135 mm Color Slides per exp., Dev. 36 roll I THE and Mount... $2.40 WHAT COMETH OUT OF A MAN SPOKEN Color Movie per

i WORD 25'Roll 8 mm, roll $1.35

GENEALOGY PHOTOS RICHARD L. EVANS of OLD NEGATIVES MADE

PHOTOS, 604 each. PRINTS

at that the laughs what Sometime ago a man may be we mentioned of NEGATIVE, 54 each of also of measure his mind. he be the measure 1 The words uses may

Send coin only—no C.O.D.'s mind, or even more than his mind—his character, his soul, what hehisis

MoneyBack Guarantee inside. Said the Master of mankind: "There is nothing from without a

SAM'S PHOTO LAB intoman,histhatheart,enteringbut. into.. [thehim thingscan defilewhich]him;cometh... Becauseout of [him,it entereththose notare

P.O. Box 1115 Depl. AA Salt Lake City, Utah they] that defileth the man."2 As to the practice of profanity and

suggestive, offensive humor and lowminded talk, which come out of

For High Quality Reproductions of ".a man,., In therethe nameis thisoffurther'realism/comment"it says,from"oura widelyplaywrightsrespectedhave periodical:been subGENEALOGICAL RECORDS WILLS jecting the country to a nauseous overdose of foul language. Granted

MANUSCRIPTS PRICE SHEETS that there are situations in which a man—especially if he lives close to

PROPOSALS and other the [lower] level—is likely to express his emotions in profanity, [but] the

CAMERAREADY COPY and XXUL> V/U111V LV lilUIVV JUVJL1 ItllltjLlW.C. J\J UVlll CXXX V CU) tW 1UU XL Ul C4.J.X

Printing of effect as emphasis, and so unnecessarily as to constitute an offense to

FAMILY HISTORIES THESES many ears.... The name of God has been degraded into a butt for...

BULLETINS BOOKLETS and a joke.... It has been bandied about as a punctuation mark... "3

other COMMERCIAL PRINTING To this, an internationally eminent churchman added: "The moral fiber

At Reasonable Prices of a people tests the strength and endurance of a nation. Morality finds

its true source of power in the spiritual contact of each individual with his God.... Unfortunately, we have suffered... from a plague of

obscenity, blasphemy, and perjury.... Today's solemn assembly is a

prayer of reparation for such offenses...."4 This we borrow from yet

another eminent observer: "We often hear people excuse themselves for

PHONE 3591732 Area 801 their uncouth manners and offensive language... but we ought to

CECIL A. CARR imitate the best speakers, and study to convey our ideas to each other

163 East 2nd South in the best and choicest language.... Let not thy tongue give utterance

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84111 to the evil that is in thine heart, but command thy tongue to be silent until good shall prevail over the evil...."5 We have no right to befoul

the air or water we use, and we have no more right to befoul the moral

L.D.S. BOYS atmosphere than we have to befoul the physical atmosphere. Paul said

Summer Vacation it". to.. putthe Colossians... filthy communicationin these seven outterseofwordsyour mouth."with exceeding6 sharpness:

Learn to Work on Farms, Guest Ranches, Homes and Businesses iRichard L. Evans, "The Spoken Word,"January 31, 1965.

under leadership of L.D.S. fam2MarkChristian7:15,Century,1920. January 15, 1930.

ilies. Cardinal Hayes, excerpt from a speech made in New York City, reprinted in Literary Digest, June

11, 1927.

Write or Phone President Brigham Young, June 17, 1866, Journal of Discourses, 11:255.

oCol. 3:8.

TETON VALLEY EDUCATIONAL "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

Broadcasting System, March 28, 1965. Copyright 1965. RECREATIONAL ASSOCIATION

VICTOR, IDAHO Ph. 7872232 or Ph. 7872254

562 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA hand and spoke with deep earnestness. "He told me that you wished

he could walk by faith, not sight, as you do, as your religion teaches that one must. He told me he was

going to try to get his old faith back, since that was the barrier between you, and I believe he was trying. I know I was the cause of

his loss of faith—his loss of you—

and it has troubled me more than either of you can know. I wanted

to help him. I wanted to understand him. He gave me some of Biggest thing Steel foil,

Iyour church first beworks when interested in him, andcame we on wheels thin as friends. read never I hadbecame

with I broughtthem, but them me in the world this page and read them on the boat while I To our knowledge, there is nothUnited States Steel innovated was crossing and have thought a ing heavier on wheels than this steel foil, as thin as paper. Our

great deal about them since. I do missile launch structure at Cape customers bond it to paperboard

not think I could ever be a convert Kennedy. To reduce weight, it or plastics to make extremely

to your faith, but I am able to was designed around several high strong, waterproof bags and understand and respect it the more strength steels innovated by boxes that are much tougher to

I know about it. And a few eveUnited States Steel. The stronger puncture. The strong steel foil

nings ago I went to a concert by the steel, the less of it you need. packages can rough it better en

your famed Tabernacle Choir. And that's how NASA kept the route and can be stacked higher

While they were singing that great, weight down to a modest, movein the warehouse, saving floor moving hymn 'Come, Come, Ye able 7,000,000 pounds. space.

Saints,'I suddenly caught a glimpse of that faith your people by which across a wildernesswalked and Highway lifesaver built an empire—and produced men Some astute New York State highlike Paul and women like you. Will way engineers have worked out a

you take that message to Paul from new kind of median barrier to protect me?"you from headon collisions. The new

"Yes,"she promised after a pause, design absorbs the blow of a careen- "I will see him and give him your ing car, slows it, and redirects it at a message."shallow, safer angle. The barrier is

They said goodbye. And in a made practical by a product inno-

: strucfew days Martha was on her way vated by United States Steel

home, with gratitude in her heart tural steel tubing. You'll be seeing it

that she had met Paul's idol and a as you drive more safely in the years new hope for happiness. to come. United States Steel, 525

William Penn Place, Pittsburgh, Pa.

EPILOGUE 15230.

In the years that have elapsed since the recorded events of this story, Paul did find his way back (0$S) United States Steel: where the big idea is innovation

to the peace and satisfaction of reaffiliation with his Church. He and

Martha were married during the

Christmas holidays before he reMAJOR SUPPLIER OF ALL HANDICRAFT ITEMS ceived his MD, when he could be home long enough to make arrangeof for the marriage templements dreamed. After an hadwhich they UTAH NOVELTY CO.internship and a residency at Rush, CRAFT\

he is now with a wellknown clinic WHOLESALE and RETAIL in Utah and is the father of two 3220 SO. STATE

fine boys. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84115

Though Dr. Shroeder has not WRITE FOR NEW CATALOG... 50c

joined the Church, he is a close

FREE INSTRUCTIONS friend of Paul and Martha, and for they have faith that someday he Feather Flowen will join. Plastic Grapes

Ribbon Flowers and others

JUNE 1965 563 Until now, the Young Men's superintendency and the Young Women's presidency of the Mutual New MIA Meetings Improvement Associations in each ward have been called by the bishop to attend a special meeting monthly concerning the progress of the work with the boys and girls of the ward and to receive counsel from him on further procedures. Under the new correlation

program, the bishop will no longer hold these meetings for this purpose. The following procedures will now

be carried out.

1. The MIA superintendency and presidency will

meet with the member of the bishopric who is adviser to the MIA concerning specific MIA problems only as needed. 2. There are to be established separate ward MIA

evaluation meetings on the second week of the month immediately after MIA to obtain, organize, and discuss information about every boy and girl in the ward.

3. There will be two such meetings in each ward,

the YMMIA superintendency meeting with all of their ward board members and the YWMIA presidency

% I have been doing genealogical research for thirteen years, have taken genealogical classes at theGenealogy Family Night BYU Center in Ogden, Utah, and have taught many genealogical classes.

BY ASTA J. MALAN Anyone doing genealogical work knows that one

cannot help being filled with enthusiasm and the desire to tell others of the happiness experienced.

My own family listened to the telling of my successes and disappointments in my research work, and they were all drawn into participating in order to get the temple work done.

We have three sons and two daughters, all married in the temple. This is truly one of our greatest blessings, for we all understand the importance of the sealing ordinance and can help to do this work for our

ancestors.

A little over a year ago I realized that, although our family understood the importance of genealogical -< work and participated in the temple work, they knew very little of the history of their grandparents, greatgrandparents, and others who have gone before us and to whom we owe so much.

I also felt that each family should own a complete pedigree chart so that if anything happened to my records they would know what work had been done and also if the records of this work were in the archives in Salt Lake City.

It took much thought and some courage to approach my busy family, twelve different personalities, about having a monthly family night. Everyone was willing

to try, so in January 1964 we held our first family night for the purpose of getting to know the histories of our

564 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA meeting with all of their members. can be brought in to help.

4. Activity directors involved in the rehearsals for Are young men or young women not active in

that evening are the only members of the board who Sunday School or not taking part in the ward social may be excused. activities? Is priesthood attendance on the part of

5. This new evaluation meeting takes the place of young men being neglected? So interwoven are all

the former separate meetings of the Young Men's and of the activities of the Church that neglect of one

Young Women's leaders with the bishop. often shows in all of them. To build strength in the

6. Stake board members may visit the ward evaluayoung—strength in testimony, in loyalty, in devotion,

tion meetings and thus become better acquainted with in activity, in helpfulness, in faith, in charity, in love—

the young people of the stake. these are the ideals such a meeting will help to

At the evaluation meeting, the president of the promote.

Young Women and superintendent of the Young Men There are many facets to be cut in the diamond will be able to obtain proper information necessary which is youth.

to be taken or discussed at the ward council meeting At the ward council meeting the MIA officers will vital to the bishop for his successful guidance of youth come prepared to contribute to the information asked work in the ward. for by the bishop. He will already know about the

It is intended that all activities of each youth be home life of the youth from the home teachers. He

reviewed and evaluated. The MIA officers will be now will learn of the activities in the ward. This

prepared to give the bishop the evaluations. preliminary evaluation meeting will enrich the ward

Are there boys and girls whose testimonies are weak? council and make its work and that of its'executive

Encouragement can be planned and each organization committee more effective.

ancestors. And since we learn best from doing things, One family night during the year was devoted to

each family agreed to copy its own pedigree charts. doing searings in the Salt Lake Temple, an experience

We take turns having family night in our homes. we will remember and cherish. A former president of

The family in whose home we meet takes charge for the Danish Mission officiated at the sealings and, since that evening and plans the program, which always a number of us understand the Danish language, he includes a song, prayer, a history of an ancestor or performed some of the sealings in Danish, an inspiring history pertaining to ancestors, and a musical number and solemn privilege for all of us. After the sealings

by some member of the family. Then pedigree inwere completed, we were privileged to have him anformation which has been written on a blackboard swer questions and talk with us about temple work.

prior to our meeting is copied, husband and wife Another family night we attended a ward meeting taking turns copying. For a while we had a few memwhere Elder A. George Raymond, president of the

bers not doing anything while the others copied. Logan Temple, spoke on the subject, "So This Is

Then we realized their time could be well spent writHeaven."

ing personal histories. So now the one who isn't copyWe feel these spiritual experiences will keep us

ing pedigree information is writing his or her own closer together as a family and hope they will instil personal history, one thing that is very difficult for in our grandchildren a desire to go to the temple when most people to find time to do. We serve a light they are old enough to be married in the temple and

refreshment just before we close our gettogether and to help with the work for our ancestors.

during this time decide where and when we will meet Our family night has helped all the members of the next month. We dismiss with prayer. family to understand better the work "Mom"has been

When one of the grandchildren becomes twelve doing for so many years in both research and the years of age and starts attending MIA, we include that gathering of histories of ancestors. They have offered

child in our family night. We feel this is a fine way money to help with the paid researcher, and everyone

to introduce the grandchildren to genealogical and cooperates to make our evening well worth our efforts.

temple work as a family project and to help them I am sure we all feel the blessings from these eveappreciate the importance of family unity in the plan nings spent together, and "Mom,"who started it, of salvation. We hope to encourage them to start their would like all mothers to experience the wonderful

own Books of Remembrance. Each one is given perwarm feeling I had in my heart when I reminded a

sonal record, pedigree, and family group sheets to daughterin-law of family night and she answered, fill in on family nights, and Grandma suggests they "Mom, I look forward to each one and can hardly wish for a Book of Remembrance cover for a Christwait for that night to come."Then she hugged me

mas or birthday gift. and said, "I love you."

JUNE 1965 565 We are told in the scriptures that this life is the mandments of God."It requires an individual to be

time for men to prepare to meet God. I have often selfconscious, that is, conscious of the things he does

asked myself, How can I prepare to meet God? What and conscious that the Lord is pleased with his

do I have that is so important to me? The first and righteous actions. He must also be willing to give

most important thing I consider is my priesthood. My heed to the promptings of that still, small voice which

priesthood gives me the authority to prepare to meet is a gift within him. Such an achievement results in

Christ. The responsibilities which come by the Aaronic responsibilities and duties which, in the fulfilling

Priesthood are numerous. Above all, I enjoy fulfilling thereof, result in a spiritual dimension. This is the

these responsibilities. My priesthood also prepares me most priceless gift—the companionship of the Holy

to accept the greater calling and duty which is reGhost.

quired to regain the presence of my Father. I am As I study the truth which made the Prophet Joseph

looking forward to the day when I shall obtain this Smith the great man he developed into, and as I come higher priesthood because I love it, and I know what to the realization that our beloved prophet and it can do for others. The first responsibility I expect leader, David O. McKay, is in this day a shining

to assume is that of a fulltime missionary in some example to the members of the Church, I begin part of the Lord's vineyard. Is there any better way to know the true meaning of the gospel. I begin to

to begin this phase of life with this added responsiunderstand that a selfconscious individual lives, bility than fulfilling a mission? I think not. to the fullest of his abilities, the truth of all things.

Alma admonished: "... how strict are the comRealizing this, I have concluded that matters such as

Since 1957, most of my life has been spent in

Europe under circumstances very different from those usually afforded LDS youth. Closer communication

with God became a real need. I soon gained a strong

testimony that someone was really there whenever

I needed help.

I was ten when we first moved to Europe. School

and Little League sports occupied most of my time.

My family and a small church group provided all of my social activity. During my second stay in Germany, I was well into my teens—the age when close

friends outside the family become important. In Utah,

where the close bonds of the Church soon swept a newcomer into the midst of activity, no special effort was required to meet a wide variety of people.

BY ROBERT PREECE BURTON However, in Europe most houses were surrounded by walls or steel fences, with shutters or iron bars

Robert Preece Burton, the son of Theodore M. and Minnie on the ground floor windows. Meeting the neighbors

Preece Burton, born was July 29, 1946, in Salt Lake City. meant meeting their watchdog first.

Logan, grew Utah.He up in

Because of assignments of his parents, who have served I soon found that this lack of social contact was missionstwo in Europe, five has spent Robert years in affecting my entire life. I had a problem and needed field missionthe living in Frankfurt, While with them.

Germany, he played Little League football and basketball help. My first thoughts were to turn to my Father

Little pitched forand the winning baseball League team. in heaven, for I knew that he understood my situaoperated and FrankfurtHe organized the dependents'army

high school bookstore, was elected president of the high tion. After praying I realized that I was in a sort

school National Honor Society, and earned Duty to God award. of refiner's fire which could either burn, me to a

On returning to Salt Lake City he entered the University of Utah on an honors scholarship. He is assistant scoutbitter crisp or temper and strengthen me. I decided

master. Monument Park 9th Ward, Monument Park Stake. the latter was for me. The Lord understood my desire,

schoolwork and the like cannot be taken lightly because we can and must be perfect to the measure of one's ability in all things. To me, this is the most BY EARL L.

important quality in President McKay. When the TAYLOR, JR.

youth, and for that matter all members of the Church, come to have a strong faith in the Lord, they are much better prepared for the learning opportunities and the vicissitudes of life. Faith is power. The youth

of the Church can have this power now because it is available now. Learning to serve, learning to

pray, and learning to recognize truth are of eternal importance, and we can say we have done our best if we have been honest with ourselves. Earl L Taylor, Jr., was born on March 24, 1947, in Salt

The gospel has many responsibilities and many LakeHis earlyCity. yearsHe iswerethe spentson ofin EarlOthello,L. andWashingtonMary A. Taylor.(Grand

blessings. The Lord has given us an opportunity to Coulee Stake.) When Earl was thirteen, his family moved

prepare for every responsibility. The time is now, to Earl,Mesa,a Arizona.priest in the Aaronic Priesthood, has received

while we are yet in our youth. Now is the time to his Certificate of Achievement every year since his ordinastand firm and bear a testimony to the world. This tionrank toof theEagleofficein theof Boydeacon.ScoutsEarlandhasis nowbeenservingawardedas thethe

I believe. guide patrol leader in the Primary organization.

for the next few months were filled with many trials I had to exercise character in order to develop it which eventually led to unlimited opportunities. A Now I believe that strength of character is one of

job in the local branch of the Church was made the most powerful forces that can exist among intelliavailable; I was elected to an office in my high gent people.

school and was invited to join several organizations. I believe that service is the shortest road to happiEach time I faced a new trial or challenge I prayed ness. I had never realized that someone could give

about it and then gave it my all. With the help of and give and give until that which he gave was

the Lord, new opportunities, new friends, and new really his. One of my greatest joys came through

successes seemed unlimited. sharing the gospel with a friend. Experiences like

Through these experiences words like responsibility, this taught me that real happiness has no relation character, service, and industry took on new meaning. to selfish pleasures.

I was asked to -plan monthly firesides for our youth I began to see the immense satisfaction of being group. This responsibility presented difficulties and industrious. During the summer preceding my junior

burdens, but I believed in it precisely because these year, I worked eleven and onehalf hours a day with burdens were something I should become accustomed a fifteenminute lunch break. At times it seemed

to. I noticed that the real distinction between adults rough, but the feeling of peace and satisfaction that

and children was the acceptance of responsibility. I came over me each evening at sunset made it well

learned, too, that character was not developed by worthwhile.

merely believing in it, or listening to sermons, or I believe that the industry shown by our pioneer receiving instruction on what constitutes character. fathers is basically responsible for the success enjoyed

I saw that growth resulted from standing up for by this Church. I believe the exhilaration of reaching

church principles instead of always taking what any worthy summit is a result of the diligence of the seemed to be the easiest road. On one particular climb climber.

in Switzerland, the guide brought only a canteen Certainly, with the attributes of character, service, of tea. I was never so glad to see base camp again, industry, responsibility, and the help of God, the

only to learn that part of a cup of milk was the only success and happiness which an individual can enjoy permissible drink left. Like the muscles of my body, are incalculable. This I believe.

A father is a very special person. Of course there are

fathers and fathers, but your father and mine are the very top of this father scale. Our fathers are

made of heart.

Father is a gentleman, Father is strong, gentle and mannerly. but also tender and mild,

Father is a smoothie, Father is a gentleman; he

polite and appreciative. really is quite a person.

Father is a noble man Father is gallant, with honor and justice. gracious, and refined.

It is said that one father is more than a hundred schoolmasters. His footsteps

sink deep, and little feet try their best to walk in them. A father's job is not

an easy one; his

responsibilities are great.

Furnishing the food, shelter, and clothing for his brood is just the beginning of his duties. A father must

find time to give of himself to his children, time to play with them, time to teach them to be ladies and gentlemen, time to instil knowledge into their small heads and character into Father is the head of our home. (Continued on following page)

Todays Family sizzling hot on a heated platter. Hickory salt

It like gilding the lily, is a little(Continued from preceding page) sauce Combine all ingredients and pour barbecue but can be brushed their lives, time to give them on the steak during the cooking. A over the steak in a shallow dish and

ambition to succeed, and time to true steak lover will want just salt, refrigerate overnight. Turn meat

just plain love each little chick. pepper, and a pat of butter. Mushoccasionally. Grill over hot coals;

A father is a compass, a pattern, rooms grilled in butter are a deluxe sprinkle with hickory salt and baste a teacher, a guide, an addition. Corn on the cob, a big with marinade.

inspiration; a father is a green salad with bleu cheese dresvery special person. sing, and chunks of French bread Hickory Burgers

are all this meal needs to raise it to

BARBECUING-A MAN'S culinary heights. Serve chilled 2 pounds ground beef

DELIGHT fresh fruit for dessert, and the meal 2 eggs will be perfect. V3 cup catsup

A man loves an informal party, Vz cup finely chopped onion especially an outside barbecue, Cube or Minute Steak Sandwiches 1 teaspoon salt calling for no tie, sport shirt, slacks, Vz teaspoon pepper and soft shoes. It isn't just the comTo keep thin steaks from curling, 4 soda crackers, finely crumbed

fortable clothes that sell the barbegrill them between the wire bars of 8 slices cheddar cheese cue idea to him, but outdoor an oldfashioned flat toaster. Grill Hickory salt

cooking is man's cooking. He is on one side and brush with sauce

king, and the food has a zest. It's made of 1 can seasoned tomato Combine all ingredients except the

fun, as a guest, to watch dinner in sauce, Vz cup finely chopped onions, cheese. Mix well. Form 16 thin

preparation, and as an added divipepper, salt, % teaspoon celery salt, patties. Place the cheese slices on

dend there is the wonderful fraV4 teaspoon garlic salt, 2 teaspoons half the patties; completely cover

grance of tangy sauces, of charcoal, vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teawith the second pattie. Seal edges

and of sputtering meat. The followspoon Worcestershire sauce, dash well. Grill the burgers on one side,

ing are recipes he will enjoy of hot sauce. Combine, cover, and sprinkle with hickory salt, grill on

preparing. As a wife, see that all simmer about 20 minutes. It keeps second side, and serve on toasted

ingredients are handy and that well in a covered container in the buns with sliced tomatoes and there is a big apron to cover the refrigerator. sliced dill pickles.

expanse of him, and then stop hovering, walk away, and be the Spiced Steak Barbecued Patties happy hostess.

Meat, poultry, and fish take to 1 pound ground round steak 2 pounds ground beef charcoal, and when the great out- 1 pound ground veal 1 egg, beaten doors is added, it is a taste one 2 teaspoons salt Vz cup chili sauce can't buy in a bottle. There is a Vi teaspoon nutmeg 1 finely chopped green pepper

certain skill in barbecuing needed Vz teaspoon freshly ground black Vi cup minced onion to produce just the right results. pepper 1 teaspoon prepared mustard

First it helps a great deal to have % teaspoon paprika 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce a good butcher. The age, grade, IV2 teaspoon celery seed Va teaspoon pepper

and cut of the meat are important, V* teaspoon garlic salt 2 teaspoons salt and it is best to rely on an experi- 1 teaspoon onion juice enced butcher. 1 tablespoon lemon juice Mix and form into patties and bar-

2 eggs, beaten becue. Brush occasionally with

King of Meats—Charcoalbroiled 1 cup sour cream sauce made of Vi cup cooking oil,

Top Sirloin Steak V4, cup catsup, Vz teaspoon garlic

Combine all ingredients except sour salt. Serve on toasted buns.

First trim off any excess fat from a cream. Mix lightly and shape into

VMto 2-inchthick steak. Rub the 6 thick patties. Grill over hot coals. Grilled Chicken (8 servings)

hot grill with the trimmings. When Remove to a hot serving platter.

the coals have burned down to a Top each pattie with Vi teaspoon 4 broiling chickens—about 2 pounds

glow, showing a gray film on top, melted butter. Heat the sour cream each

it is time to begin broiling the without boiling, pour over the meat steak. When the first side is a patties, and serve immediately. Have the butcher split the chickens

delicious brown, turn the meat with in half lengthwise and flatten them tongs; never pierce a lean part Broiled Round or Chuck Steaks out by breaking the hip and wing

of a steak with a fork if you want joints so chicken halves will lie flat your steak to stay juicy. Salt and 3 pounds of chuck or round steak, while broiling. Clean well and

pepper the cooked side and concut about 1 inch thick brush each half with oil. Season

tinue to broil the other side. A IV2Vz cup salad oil with salt, pepper, paprika, and a

inch steak will take about 30 Vz cup vinegar dash of ground sage. Place on grill

minutes to broil, slightly more or 1 clove of garlic with bone side down. When the

less depending on the degree of Dash of salt inside is well browned turn to skin doneness desired. Serve the meat Dash of oregano side down after brushing again

570 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Wonder what with oil. Cook well. Be sure the a tablespoon of seasoned butter in

meat in the breast and thighs is each fish and serve immediately. to serve

fish. butter It Seasoned for cut easily Cream through. shouldcooked

2 tablewhen you have and add pound of butter well done. XA no pinkand show when

dill, spoons freshIt takes usually from 45 minutes to minced, and 1 friends in? juice. tablespoon lemon cook. hour toone

Cheese butter—good over steaks.

Canyon Trout Cream V4 pound of butter and add 2 tablespoons Parmesan cheese and 6 trout 2 tablespoons minced parsley.

Salt and pepper Chili butter for hamburgers.

Paprika Cream % pound of butter; add 1

Flour tablespoon chili powder and Vz teaspoon dry mustard.

Clean and split the trout. Roll in Tarragon butter—delicious in

grilledflour, mixsalt, pepper, served and paprika French bread with Why not of butter oil. Placeture. Brush with salad on and food. Cream V4 pound

a greased grill over hot coals. Cook add 2 tablespoons of dried tarragon tryPostum?

on one side; turn and cook on other leaves and a dash of freshly ground

side until fish flakes easily with a pepper. Spread on French bread

fork. Remove from grill and place and toast over hot coals.

fi Instant

Ce REal beverage No Caffein) HOME, SWEET HOME >7 A home can stretch over contiShe would clip news from the local nents. One roof does not necessarily papers, quote a great man, tell a

define a home. In the normal course funny incident, each time strengthof events, family members do grow ening the cord between home and

up and their ambitions sprout away. The very bigness of this

wings, and off a son or a daughter great lady did not expect a weekly may go. A mission, higher educaletter in return. Not hearing from

tion, and vocations can add miles them for weeks or maybe months between the house which is home did not stop her from writing each Flavorful, hearty Postum and the new abode. Ties need not week. These letters stretched over just naturally encourages

be broken. Mother, father, or, in a period of twentyfive years and good talk among friends.

their absence, someone else can strengthened these boys so that bind a knot and build strength in they became stronger men. Home Made with pure,

the family bonds. I know of an aunt knows no bounds. energyfood ingredients

who had helped raise some father- "Where we love is home, and no caffein, less boys and did just this. After Home that our feet may leave, Postum givesyou a natural lift.

these fellows had been on missions, but not our hearts."You can drink all you like.

they found the higher education—Oliver Wendell Holmes If you haven't triedthey wanted was two thousand

miles from "home,"and off they FOR A FAMILY HOME Instant Postum lately, went, but the family roof still EVENING you're missing a satisfying, sheltered them. This understanding bracing drink.

aunt extended this roof across the Pretty Peppermint Punch You'll enjoy its natural lift.

country by writing each boy a weekly letter. She told them of 1 quart of milk mixed with 1 quart The Natural Lift

home, of the neighborhood, of what of ginger ale. Spoon 1 pint of pink

happened over at the ward; she peppermint ice cream on top and Send name and address

never preached, but she always let let melt. Serve in tall glasses with forfree Postum recipes to:

her strong testimony shine through. thin sugar cookies. FBP Postum Recipes,

Box 1040, Kankakee, Illinois.

Postum is a registered trademark of General Foods Corporation.

JUNE 1965 871 Rodale's

QUINTO LINGO

The Learn-A-Language Magazine

Now you can learn, or maintain your skill in

French, Spanish, German or Italian a new way.

Quinto Lingo, Rodale's new magazine, presents the same fascinating articles, anecdotes, stories and jokes in all four foreign languages, plus

English, in 5 sideby-side columns. Read something from Quinto Lingo each day and watch

your skill in a foreign language grow. You learn

the reading way, not the grammar rule way.

Get a trial subscription to Quinto Lingo at a special low rate: just $2.95 for 9 full months of

languagelearning fun. Subscribe today!

Quinto Lingo Rodale Press, Inc.

Dept. IE-1 Emmaus 2, Pa.

Please start my subscription to Quinto Lingo right away at the special bargain rate of $2.95 for nine

months.

Name AddressMAKING WORK A PLEASURE City State.Zip. BY MABELRUTH JACKSON

G Remittance enclosed D Please bill me A new family had recently moved the work that counts at this stage.

into the green house a few doors What I'm striving for right now is down the block from us. Having to have Carol learn to like work.

seen several children in the yard That's the reason for the singing and having children of my own, I you must have heard."

wanted to become acquainted with "It sounded like the song the

Wedding the family and set out to call on dwarfs in Snow White sang as they

Ahnouncements&SS them. started out,"I said.

"Laughlin"was the name on the "That's right,"she said, laughing.

mailbox. I was just about to ring ''Heigh Ho, off to work we go!'

the doorbell when I heard the Carol has named herself 'Sneezy.'

sound of singing with intermittent Billy says he's 'Grumpy,'and they

PRINTERS laughter. Glancing through the thought it was a great joke to call

Creators of Fine Wedding Stationery window near the door, I saw a me 'Dopey.'

woman and a small girl busily dust- "I see you don't stand on your ing and singing as they worked. I dignity,"I said.

quality crafted turned to leave and come back "No, indeed. That wouldn't get

two day service later, but the door was suddenly me far on my project,"Mrs. Laughsave up to 50% opened. lin said soberly. "You see, I want

"Wait! Don't go!"It must be my children to learn to get pleasure

Send Catalog25<fandfor ActualIllustratedSamples Dept.155 North1 Provo,100 UtahEast Mrs. Laughlin, I thought. "Come out of working."

Refunded with order "Home of BYU"in!"she added. "And so,"I said, "you are teach-

"I didn't want to interrupt. I'm ing them to like it by the pleasant

CAMPING Mrs."ComeJacksonin,"fromsaiddownMrs. theLaughlin,street."aboutassociationthat ofdreadedmusic #ndjob fun.of Howdish

and smiling. "We're just about through, washing that is so often allotted to

aren't we, Carol?"the older children? How I used to B/ ICK PACKING

.ightweight Equipment "I'm fru,"said the small girl. hate it!"

"I'll go and put my dolly to bed "So did I,"said Mrs. Laughlin

)ht> now,"AllMommie."right, dear. Thank you. You withof it. a Myruefulmothersmile.said"Theifmonotonyshe pre143tym$mfmEast 3rd?So., Salt Lake City, Utah 841 11 have helped me very much with pared the meals, it wasn't too much

PHONE 3638222 the dusting,"her mother replied. to ask of me that I wash the dishes.

"I'm glad,"said Carol, a satisfied I used to wish she would let me do look on her smiling face as she ran the cooking—some of it, anyway—

off. for a change and give herself theIPSE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple work"Isn'treallyshe well?"too smallI asked.to do any jobing ofmywashingwish, I up;do andjust rememberthat somesore throat and other minor mouth Mrs. Laughlin laughed. "Oh, I times with my two older girls.

and throat irritations. know there's still some dust left "But that's not what you wanted

HALLS REMEDY there, but it isn't the perfection of to know. You asked how to make

Salt Lake City, Utah

572 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA dish washing agreeable. Well, I

wrote out a poem one day and nttifHTt pinned it up above the sink. I chose

Lewis Carroll's 'The Walrus and the Carpenter/ and I suggested

Lorna and Ellen memorize it while they worked. Ellen said afterwards

that the dishes were washed before they knew it, accompanied as they were by the nonsense verse. When

they came to "If this were cleared away,"they said, "It would be grand,"they started to giggle so hard I had to find out what the joke was."

"It was ridiculously a propos,"I commented, smiling at the thought.

"You have a good idea—a very Recorded at the HOLLYWOOD BOWL

good idea."

"It works,"said Mrs. Laughlin.

"I got the idea one day when I wasfeeling discouraged at the way the Now! a new hifi album

children would manage to get out of doing the small tasks I set for them. I had the radio turned on

and heard the 'Volga Boat Song/

I thought of those boatmen rowingaway and singing as they did it. Te Arohanui

You know—'Yo, heave ho!'Then I

remembered some sea chanties and railroad songs, all of them, I think, sung as an accompaniment to work, to make work more enjoyable. Why

couldn't I adopt that old custom?""And you did,"I said, wishing Maori Company

I'd had the good idea myself.

"Yes. You see, there is often not

much joy in those monotonous, daily or weekly tasks that have to be done. It's the spirit in which

it is makes which donework deof New Zealand the lightful That's where or a bore.

chance for character growth comes as recorded at the Hollywood Bowl!

in. Making a game of the chore

helps tremendously. And I always Thousands have thrilled to the performances of the

remember to express appreciation Te Arohanui Maori Company at the Polynesian afterward."Cultural Center in Hawaii. thousands more Many you'"that 'Thank I said, "Yes,"

to dur- $395 auditoriums crowded in America hear them thing about isn't important the least your project. Mrs. Laughlin, I'm so ing a limited tour. Now their music is available in MAIL

glad I came today. I have learned a high fidelity album! ORDERS

something, and if you haven't taken $4.50

out a patent on your project, I'd Get your recording at one of the following stores:

like to use it."

We both laughed as I stood up SALTHartLAKEBrothersCITY Music, Sugar House LOGANLogan Book and Music Company to go. "You're welcome to it,"she Cottonwood Music Company,

said. "No charge."Cottonwood Mall PROVO

"Well, I'm surely going to,"I 3719SummerhaysSouth StateMusic Company, Brigham Young University Bookstore said seriously, "so don't be surprised ZCMI Record Bar, 37 South Main IDAHO FALLS

Deseret Book Company: if to house some over Music come Bowen you my Company

44 East Temple South Richie Faye and hear and morning Cottonwood Mall

CALIFORNIA ORANGE, singing and. away Bobbie and me OGDEN Deseret Book Company, You'll voices. < of our know at the tops Deseret Book Company, Country, Town & some heretofore dreadful tasks are 2472 Washington Blvd. 777 South Main

being accomplished happily."

All proceeds from sale of these albums go to the Scholarship Fund for the Polynesian people to attend the Church College of Hawaii.

JUNE I96S 573 Live at Since Cumorah (Continued from page 483)

secret ordinances from which the general public was rigidly excluded. 96 So secret were they, in

fact, that no certain knowledge of them has come down to the Christian world, whose ritual and liturgy had to be devised accordingly at a later date. As early as the fourth

century, Basil noted that no written account had come down from times prescribing how any per ancient,3 97 ordinances per should student be performed.

including utilities Today even the Roman church is

Fully airconditioned making drastic changes in rites and Westinghouse Appliances

For information call: /C%. ordinances hitherto believed by

3739806 Provo most Catholics to have been the 3221209 Salt Lake original, pristine Christian rites, descended without change or alteration from the time of the Apostles.

HAVE MORE TIME FOR Why should the Roman church have taken this dangerous and YOUR CHILDREN WHEN

It is partly unprecedented step?

YOU STUDY AT because the discovery of ancient documents in our own day has HOME.

forced the Christian world to recognize that the practices of ancient

Please send times were really quite different from what they have heretofore

Free been taught. We now see that in

Origen, Hippolytus, Clement, JusHOME STUDY

Catalog to... andtin, andtantalizingthe Didache,glimpseswe ofhave"a brieflater

NAME forgotten aspect of the early ChrisADDRESS tian sacrament."98 Scholars are just

beginning to realize, for example, to what an extent the early Christians

CITY were attached to the temple, as

STATE when the Gospel of Philip says that

HOME STUDY, Brigham Young University, the Christians are instructed by

Provo, Utah "hidden types and images that are behind the veil,"so that "by these despised symbols we enter into a knowledge of salvation."99 ChrisBONUS BOOK tian scholars are rightly exercised to

know what it is talking about. BOOK OF MORMON STUDY GUIDE, Jr. Ed. ANDERSON PHOTO The Last the Best? Implicit and

by Eldin Rieks $1.50 or FREE

with the purchase of any one of the following: GENEALOGY -Pictures explicit in the concept of a gospel

taught by degrees instead of all at ONE FOLD AND ONE SHEPHERD Negatives (Special) 25c... lineby Thomas Stuart Ferguson $4.95 Ped. Prints 5c once—"precept upon precept;

upon line; here a little, and there a

CREATIVE FAMILY LIVING (Other Print Sizes As Requested) by Beverly Romney Cutler, cloth $1.95 little"—is the idea that the most

P.O. Box 19287—Granger, Utah important, the highest, and the

OLYMPUS PUBLISHING CO. Add 25c for handling and mailing

Box 6137, Sugar House Station Please Do Not Mail Pictures in Frames

Salt Lake City, Utah 84106

574 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA holiest teachings come last. 100 This

is the exact opposite of the reasoning of the Christian world today, that the most important teachings must have come first, so that everything essential is known, while anything that may have escaped is not really vital. Few would dispute

that the higher and holier a teaching is, the fewer are qualified to hear it: One need only recall the

Lord's practice of discussing "the The warm subtropical climate enhances the pleasant campus life.

mysteries of the kingdom of heaven"only with his disciples behind COSTS ARE LOWER C<% NEW MODERN CAMPUS closed doors, and of selecting only WIDE CHOICE OF SUBJECTS a few chosen Apostles to share in A two year junior college MATCHLESS WINTER CLIMATE the still greater mysteries such as where the emphasis COMPLETE LDS INSTITUTE PROGRAM the transfiguration. All Christians, is on the individual WIDE VARIETY OF RECREATIONAL ACTIVITIES

indeed, agree that the most glorious For further information write The Registrar, Dixie College, St. George, Utah

manifestations are reserved for the end. But the importance of a teaching is not measured by its depth

and wonder but by the particularneed of the person receiving it. God r

does give people at all times what is Salt Lake City's Finest Motel Sets the Pace Again—

for them the most important teachJust Completed—22 luxurious rooms now open

ings that could possibly be given. for your enjoyment

For an unbaptized person nothing could be more important than bapJUST STEPS TO THE BUSINESS, ENTERTAINMENT AND SHOPPING tism; for a sinful world repentance DISTRICT - SAVING YOU TIME AND TRAFFIC. RELAX IN THE

is a teaching of transcendent imCOMFORT OF ATTRACTIVE SURROUNDINGS. 330 BEAUTIFUL

portance. The Catholic theologians ROOMS AND RESTAURANT. FOR RESERVATIONS TELEPHONE

are quite right in saying that the 3636781 (801).

Christian world today possesses all that is essential for it to know, for MAIN STREET AT FIFTH SOUTH what is essential is simply that SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH which is sufficient to lead men to the next step. Such essentials and

fundamentals have always been available to the human race, but CO\/EY'S they are not, on grounds of their AMERICAimportance, to be confused with MOTEL great and glorious things promised as the reward of faith in ages and worlds to come. John Chrysostom

constantly explained to his perplexed congregations that they Anyone Can Do MORE SCRUBBINGshould not be upset because the GENEALOGY mf, means Big Money for 'X church no longer had spiritual gifts > your Club or Church.,j

and powers as it did in the days of N Learn how to Amazingstarch preventsnew formuladirt, grease,spra etc. stains, O penetrating from RG AN IZ E the important Apostles,the because fabric. bleach. detergent, Saves GwithV the new ironing, wrinprevents Speeds the to heal sick andthing was not

sold than kles. Better starches

Try it. in stores back! or moneyspeak in tongues, etc., but to live FAMILY LINE BOOK You'll friends to have want

an upright life. Thus by deliber- A systematic method of research...they'll never want to beit

designed to make genealogy without it!

ately confusing what is important EASY, ORDERLY AND INTERESTING Write for profitable details:

Write - The EDEN PRESS STARCH -O- RENE 162 Berger St. Murray 7, Utah

JUNE 1965 S7S with what is high and holy, he beApostles what they needed. In an Athanasius, Apol. contra Arianos, c.

11, in Patrologia Graeca 31:677.

clouded the issue and made it seem instant the doubting Thomas ac89His position is discussed by D. Thomthat nothing important had been cepted the resurrection, as the asius, Dogmentgeschichte der alien

Kirche (Erlangen, 1886), I, 209, 297f.

lost after all. "Are we today not just others had at an earlier meeting, Hippolytus, Philosophoumena, VII,

as good as the Apostles?"he asks. and yet the Lord had to spend 20.

"... But they had signs and wonforty days off and on teaching the astischenB1M. Grabmann,Methode Geschichte(Graz, 1957),derII,schol94f,

ders, you say* But that was not disciples "the things of the king97-100.

62So H. Rahner, in The Mysteries, pp.what made them great. How long dom"before they were ready to 354f; J. H. Barnard, Odes of Solomon,

will we go on excusing our own go out on their missions. 105 What (Cambridge University, 1912), pp. 23,

indifference by appealing to their he taught them was not, as is 25.Clement of Alexandria, Stromat, V, x,

signs and wonders?"101 This sencommonly maintained, simply a 94ff; IV, 161, 3; In Levit. Homil. 13: 3f. MThus of Peter, in the Clementine

sible argument still does not explain repetition of what they had heard Recognitions, HI, 74: "During the whole

away the lack of those spiritual before—far from it. All are agreed three months which he spent at Gaesarea

for the sake of teaching, whatever he manifestations which were the that at that time the Apostles heard discoursed of in the presence of the glory of the early Church. 102 "The very secret things which they had people in the daytime, he explained more

fully and perfectly in the night, in primore exalted, glorious teachings of never heard before; they asked vate, to us, as more faithful and approved

him."the gospel,"writes Origen, "have questions which they had never by

R. Eisler, op. cit., II; 157, notes that

always been kept from the dared ask before and cried in the injunction to secrecy (e.g. Mark 9:1)

vulgar."103 wonder, "These things are more wasresurrection,to be observedi.e., "untiluntilthe secondthe generalcomTo illustrate: We have in the marvellous than what we were ing of the Redeemer in glory."Origen

New Testament only the teachings taught before."Now for the first notesings afterthat thethe Lord'sresurrectionactivitiesare and"theteachdeep

given by the Lord to the Apostles time they learned "the ultimate seand hidden teachings of the Church,"before the resurrection. Yet we are crets,""the highest knowledge."106 Contra1029ff. Celsum in Patrologia Graeca 11:

emphatically told that these teach- "Now,"they cried, "he teaches us "A. D. Nock, in Mnemosyne, Ser. IV,

ings had not been enough to give things which we had not known V.Vol.SodenV (1952),in Zeitschriftpp. 185f,fiir192,New199f;Testa-H.

these men faith or understanding of before, great, amazing, and real mente Wissenschaft 12 (1911), 188227.

the resurrection, so that they flatly things."107 97See above, note 86.

98A. Adam, in Theologische Literaturrefused to believe the report of the What were these things? If the zeitung, 88 (1963), pp. lOf.

resurrection when it was given to story of Christ's return after the A. GospelAdam, op.of cit.,Philipp. 16,132:2025;says that the133:15.real

them by reliable persons, and when resurrection were only a myth source of the Christian sacrament was the Lord himself appeared to them, or wishful thinking, we would thethis templefact beingand concealednot the paganby themysteries,extreme they tried to run away in terror. find either total silence on the secrecy of the temple ordinances.

Now, if we possess only a very matter or else the usual gnosticpraeche100DiscussedJesu mitby seinenC. Schmidt,Jungern,Gesch-...

small part of the words of Jesus to philosophic claptrap masquerading Vol. 43 of Texte und Untersuchungen,

the disciples before his death, how as deep mysteries. Instead of that, 1919,101Chrysostom,pp. 201ff. In Matth. Homil, 46, in

can we from them alone acquire a we find, if we bring the records Patrologia Graeca 58:479.

faith and understanding which the together, a remarkably consistent (Salt102Nibley,Lake City:The WorldDeseretandBooktheCompany,Prophets

Apostles failed to get from the exposition of doctrines heretofore 1957), pp. 3-5.

Lord himself? The standard explanunrecognized by the Christian Patrologia103Origen,GraecaContra1 1: Celsum,1208-9. V, 19, in

ation is that the Apostles reread world. It is to these that we next aMLatourelle, op. cit., p. 257.

apostles..thethe things they had not underturn our attention. understood103Acts 1:3,the Master". only gradually. and..

stood at first, which now in the (To be continued.) slowly,"Bo Reicke, in Interpretation, 16

is inlight of the resurrection and the the(1962),Apocryphonp. 160. ofAnJamesextreme7:8, case10; 8:30;

effusion of the Spirit became clear: 11:6, where the Lord must prolong his

These teachings "they now transbecausepost-resurrectionalthe Apostlesstaysimplyfor eighteencannot learndays mitted to the Church—the words FOOTNOTES their lesson.

and deeds of Christ, plus the intelli84R. Latourelle, S. J., in Gregorianum, Apocryphon%mApocryphonof John,of James,1922; 2:3339;Acts of

gence which they had received 44 (1963), pp. 256260. Thomas, c. 47; Evang. Rarthol. (fragthe 85Even Recognitions, Clementine in Riblique, I, ment), Revue 10 p. (1913),through illuminating the action speaks of 21, of "things clearly 185. which were Pelag. Adv. Jerome, says that 2:15,

104 spoken, Spirit."the but clearly not written the were nice, after Aposties That sounds the resurrection asked

.".. down. tell the to Lord he them not what had isbut it not the rerecord what 86Basil, c. Spiritu in Sancto, told 27, before. De in also them So the 127

ports. The mere fact of the resurPatrologia Graeca 32: 188. Canons of the Apostles, Canon No. 12;

Sec. 480;rection, though it made everything is not87"Whywritten?"have yousays dareda verytoearlyrepeatapocrywhat theThe GospelDiscourseof onthetheTwelveAhhaton,Apostles,

appear in a new light, was apparphon, The Revelation to Peter, in ZeitPatrologia, Orientalia 2:135, 160f. in

of the Apostles 3 (14), 5ently not sufficient to give the schrift23 (1924),die Newp. 12,Testamente Wissenschaft, (16),W1Epistle11 (22).

576 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA i

*\?siS It's birthday time at the Era of Youth. We're five through the ages that particularly apply to your life,

years old this month. your needs. We've talked about moral courage and our

Birthday time is the happiest time ever. It's a time relationship with God. We've themed monthly approaches

of looking back and blessing counting. It's a time of to boygirl business, honesty, being in tune, manners,

looking ahead and goal setting. It's a time of renewal, missionary work, youth conferences and conversions,

too, with each birthday marking the beginning of a Christmas giving and testimony getting, faith, and the personal new calendar. It's that way with people, and many windows to one's soul. There has been a report on

it's that way with our Era of Youth. the Prophet Joseph as seen through the eyes of youth

Looking back... our issues have featured LDS youth who knew him, and a tour through church historical

from the world over. Our pages have been filled with the spots. You've been instructed in how to say ''no"and how

teachings of the Savior and the wisdom of great minds to give a talk, how to host a party and how to enjoy a walk, how to keep physically fit and how to take stock. some leisure, some treasure, but happiness without measLooking ahead... we plan issues with articles about ure."But mostly we labor with love to give you inspirahigh school dropouts, the four facets of prayer, about tion, guidance, enjoyment, and practical help in your life.

being in the world but not of it—in terms you'll underIn this our fifth anniversary issue, we glimpse some

stand, about daring to be different in the LDS way and important principles in the growth of the spirit. (The

liking it, about church standards for young adults, about poets, are writing of birthstones, but they point out some being appealing and giving service, doing the right thing infinitely more significant lessons and objectives.)

in the right way, about fashions, fun, fellowshiping, and May this issue, this anniversary, be a time of renewal spreading the word of the Lord. that all of your own birthdays mav be succeedingly

Looking at the now... it's our birthday, and in honor happier.

of this occasion we wish you many things: "much pleasure, The Editors

mam"* si

RftifKSMfji!B\

f-viMMmminiwmffim 5 v $

i. fmmmm 1 $&8

i iy 1 I 1 i Si Vi % vfl li 1;8'

A-5?! i lift V% f SI mm iSiMM

K-V%'////'/ ///507

January By her who in this month is born,

No gems save Garnets should be worn;

They ivill insure her constancy,

True friendship and fidelity

caution, to comfort, to remind. There is no

time, no situation when truth doesn't apply.

Oncein-a-whileness or justthis-once kind of thinking have taken many a fine boy or girl # "But last year I earned my fourth individual down the slide to a pitiful kind of playground. award,"the girl in trouble reminded her The Devil's territory is inhabited with people (\W

bishop. who "didn't mean to"or "weren't aware of

"What will my fellow scouters say if they consequences"or who "went along with the learn about this?"worried the Eagle Scout crowd just this once"or who "had never done

caught in a car "borrowing"spree. it before."

"Remember that I've worked after school Richard L. Evans has taught us that "Occafor you for three years, sir, and never taken sional dependability isn't a dependable dependany money before,"the young clerk suggested ability and reputations made by many worthy

remorsefully. acts are often lost by a single unworthy one."

"I've never lied to you until now, Dad, but The scriptures repeatedly urge us to endure

I was afraid you wouldn't understand this to the end, to be faithful unto the day of our time,"cried the student after a late date. salvation, to cleave unto the Lord and his

To youth swathed in the circumstances that teachings—all of this that we may know fulnew experiences permit, it is most helpful to filment, all the joy there is now and in the

pointedly remember childhood teachings of life to come.

truth even though parents and teachers may no longer be on every scene to pat heads, to V be what they want to be, be what only they can be.

Perhaps it will put a burr in your back to do the same.

Playing the role, being a phony, copycatting a friend, aping another are painful substitutes for the real you.

If you can't be a pine on the top of the hill They are, in fact, a kind of immorality. Marcus Aurelius

Be a scrub in the valley—but be said, "This is moral perfection: to live each day as though

The best little scrub by the side of the rill; it were the last, to be tranquil, sincere, yet not indifferent

Be a bush if you can't be a tree. to one's fate."

This little verse by Douglas Malloch has been memorized It is pure joy to be in the company of someone who down through the years by countless boys and girls who looks for the good in others and shares the knowledge of it r / have been motivated by it to be what they ought to be,—sincerely. It is inspiring to mingle with those who are ft

unaffected, genuine, who have a creed and live up to it <yLf earnestly. "To be what thou seemstV to have honesty

of intent, to be openhearted before God and man is to know real peace of mind.

Jebruary The Februaryborn will find Sincerity and peace of mind;

Freedom from passion and from care, | SINCE

If they the Pearl will always wear.

eV/ /- Addison said that the "wise man is happy when he gains his own approbation, and the fool when he recommends himself to the applause of those about him."To have the approval of one's own

conscience is a supremely important thing. No other

success is in any degree comparably satisfying. Wisdom is knowing this.

What was it the good man said?... From Wordsworth we are reminded that "wisdom

"Deign on the passing world to turn thine eyes, is often nearer when we stoop than when we soar."

And pause awhile from learning and be wise!'("The Excursion.") To love God and to trust in

It is important to learn about the world; it is more him matters very much. To recognize our limitaimportant to learn what the world is about. The tions and great needs and to learn to seek him and

one pursuit leads to knowledge, the other to wisdom. to look to him for help is wisdom. Asa of old learned

To be wise is to combine truth and virtue, to wisdom: "... we rest on thee, and in thy name we

know that we must have something to live for as go...."(2 Chron. 14:11.)

well as to live on, to realize that there are causes Our country matters, our families matter; it matbigger than and beyond ourselves which we are here ters that we prepare thoroughly to serve both. To

to discover and to serve. Wisdom persuades us to love mankind, to accept others as they are and to

turn away from the things that matter least and help them and lift them, to respect their minds and to give our love and strength to the causes that their individuality and their integrity, this matters.

matter most. Wisdom is knowing which things matter most

What are the "things that matter most"? and serving them courageously.

oJfttarch Who in this world of ours their eyes In March first open shall be wise;

In days ofperil firm and hravei And wear a Bloodstone to their grave.

Jim Most of us have learned something about the steps involved in true repentance. Look honestly at some matters in

which it would be well for us to mainEvery one of us needs repentance, tain our innocence or to regain it since each of us has fallen short of our through genuine repentance:

own ideals and aspirations and of the (Mark carefully in your minds and contribution and conduct which should hearts the words of the Proverbs 6:1619:)

have characterized our lives. "These six things doth the Lord hate:

Repentance, as we know, is more yea, seven are an abomination unto him:

than an act; it is a program of con- "A proud look, a lying tongue, and

struction, of reconstruction, of growth. hands that shed innocent blood,

It is a principle in God's plan for us "An heart that deviseth wicked which permitJ us to recapture a lost imaginations, feet that be swift in runsense of innocence and wholeness and ning to mischief, acceptability. "A false witness that speaketh lies,

and he that soweth discord among brethren,"Pray God that none of us will be guilty of shedding "innocent blood,"one of the sins abominated by the Lord. But

She who from April dates her years, what of the other "six things"? Are we

Diamonds should wear, lest bitter tears innocent of these? If not we should

repent, and quickly. Then we may feel

For vain repentance flow; this stone, more consistently able to keep ourselves

Emblem of innocence is known. innocentwhich canof destroythe otherus sinsand ofdisqualifythe worldus

from our blessings. Then we can with

confidence repent and grow strong in the Lord.

xi- m,w? s/"S"oSfttay loves the one man, the very angels leave heaven and come and sit in that house and sing for joy."Who first beholds the light of day

That's how it ought to be. That's how it

In Springs sweet flowery month of May can be.

first to one appeal must another. It isn'tAnd wears an Emerald all her life, enoughBut a to be good. person "good"has Many

Shall be a loved and happy wife. been brushed aside for a more exciting looking

one.

It isn't enough merely to look sparkling or current, to be cleverly "with it."There

<%. must be something within to back up external attractiveness, to give quality to the relationHappiness to a girl (especially an LDS girl ship.

who understands God's plan) means having Ben Franklin's reminder, rrIf you wish to be spring in her heart all year long. It is loving loved, be lovable,"should be inscribed across

and being loved. It is, ultimately, a temple the heart of every boy and girl whatever his

marriage and a home blessed by the power of or her age. It is the secret to social success,

the priesthood, with children to rear up unto to satisfying companionship, and to happy

God. Happiness is fulfilling the measure of marriage. It has everything to do with making I '////''

her creation. the most out of what you have to work with

To an LDS boy it is much the same. For in appearance, talents, personality, and spiritual

one without the other is incomplete, and full inclinations. It is another way of saying, "Do

joy, greatest glory, are limited. To be happy unto others as you would have others do unto

is to be part of the partnership with God you."

someday. Such a system of personal relationships

And that's what dating is really all about! shouldn't end with the altar, of course. HappiThere are those who would announce that ness, to be enduring, must be assured by condating is just for fun, a segment of youth, a tinuing delightful associations and experiences

trend of our times, a plague upon parents, and with each other. In marriage (or even in

big business for the entertainment world. But dating) there should be a conscious effort on

to those who care about this precious span of the part of each person to be worthy of the life, who yearn for the ALL of it, dating is attention and concern of another and to be plan—mingling,not an end in itself.to knowIt's a needfuland be partknown,of theto worthy of being loved."Most folks are about as

then settle for one and be sealed for time and happy as they make up their all eternity. Someone has said, "When minds to be,"according

the one man loves the one woman to Abraham Lincoln.

and the one woman LDS youth with an eye to eternity should make up their minds to be happy, to live happily.

body, the mind, to develop the senses and control the passions. Consider this writing by

Thomas H. Huxley: "That man [is educated]

who has been so trained in youth that his body is the ready servant of his will, and does with ease and pleasure all the work that, as a mechJunej> anism, it is capable of; whose intellect is clear,

1 Who comes with strength,cold, logicandengine,in smoothwith workingall its partsorder;of ready,equal

Summer to this earth like a steam engine, to be turned to any kind of work, and spin the gossamers as well as;<252rSSS

forge the anchors of the mind; whose mind isAnd owes to June her day of birth,

stored with a knowledge of the great and

With ring of Agate on her hand, fundamental truths of Nature and of the laws of her operations; one who, no stunted ascetic,

Can health, wealth, and long istrainedfull ofto lifecomeandto fire,heel bybut a whosevigorouspassionswill, theare life command. servant of a tender conscience; who has learned

to love all beauty, whether of Nature or of art, to hate all vileness, and to respect others as himself."

To abstain from strong drinks, tobacco, and hot drinks, to eat in moderation wholesome foods, with thanksgiving, is a blessed K bit of wisdom the Lord revealed to his children through the Prophet Joseph Smith over 130 a |Kr years ago. To those who keep this commandIt takes more than a jewel and a wish to ment comes a promise that they "... shall

insure health, wealth, and a long life on this find wisdom and great treasures of knowledge, earth. This anybody knows. There are certain even hidden treasures;

disciplines, however, that can aid the fulfil- "And shall run and not be weary, and shall ment. walk and not faint.

The body is the temple of the spirit. The "And I, the Lord, give unto them a promise,

thrust toward perfection is power we put forth that the destroying angel shall pass by them, in bringing the physical into blend with the as the children of Israel, and not slay them.

spiritual. Today is the time to perfect the Amen."(D&C 89:1921.)

'"*."".

The glowing Ruby should adorn Those who in warm July are born, 4$

//,/,////4 Faith is a pure mind, knowing of God and our relationLearning to live with uncertainty is part of growing up.

ship with him and to him. Youth faces the future knowing it is there (while age

Faith is freedom from doubt and anxiety. It enlarges wonders where it has gone), but is rightfully concerned

our soul, quickens our mind, purifies our heart. Without with decisions and questionings about what must be done

faith nothing can be accomplished. With it, according with it. One can never be sure, not even a young one,

to God, all things are possible. Reading all of Alma 32 of what tomorrow will bring. So today must be lived

in the Book of Mormon is a thrilling lesson in faith. on the limb, with confidence in right doing, in best

Faith laughs and lifts in the face of fear or threat. To efforts, in strides down the path in the direction God sets.

believe is to be powerful. To be troubled with doubts, to Then come what may, the song, the song!

turn away from God, to disbelieve that he knows and loves each of his children, is to suffer needlessly. The The world is wide

Lord has told us to "Believe in God; believe that he is, Jn time and tide,

is guide; and that he created all things, both in heaven and in And—God

earth;... believe that man doth not comprehend all Then do not hurry.

the things which the Lord can comprehend."(Mosiah 4:9.) That man is blest

Knowing this, believing this, we should be like Victor Who does his best

Hugo's bird "who halting in his flight on a limb too And leaves the rest;

slight, feels it give way beneath him yet sings knowing Then do not worry.

he has icings!"(Charles F. Deems, "Worry.")

It is an "enterprise for mature adults"someone said. Of

"Conjugal felicity?"What's that? course, maturity isn't necessarily tied to calendar age,

Why, -that's a different and interesting way to say but experience demonstrates clearly that teens aren't "happy marriage!"usually mature enough to be happily married. We should

It isn't likely that many of us will find much occasion start thinking about marriage early (so we can be preto use the phrase, but all of us are interested in what it paring for when the time comes), but we shouldn't think means and how to achieve it. "... marriage"we know, of marriage until we are maturely prepared enough to be

"is ordained of God unto man"(D&C 49:15), and happy married... and have grown to love a partner who is

marriage is the only kind any of us wants or is looking also prepared.

for. Are you ready to be a wife and mother and the heart

How can one be sure of a happy marriage? of a home? Or a husband and father and the head of a

By being prepared to give happiness to a beloved mate home?

and by finding "that someone"to marry who is prepared Do you realize that physical attraction and affection to provide a climate and circumstance in which you can are important primarily as expressions of the character be happy. and common convictions and respect upon which real

Sounds simple!... but is it? love (and happy marriage) must be based?

No! Marriages fail when love is "too little.""Conjugal

Marriage is the most choice and rewarding... and felicity"depends upon our having learned to love wisely

challenging and difficult... of human associations. and well, deeply and sincerely and unselfishly.

The poet who attributed to a birthstone the power The "spirit of fear"is not of God. This "disease of

to "cure diseases of the mind"was using literary license, the mind"is vulnerable to faith and cannot persist where of course, because neither he nor any of the rest of us there is true understanding of God and trust in him.

believes float. "... I will fear no evil:"said the Psalmist, "for thou

But all of us are interested in having and keeping a art with me; thy rod and thy staff they comfort me."

sound, healthy mind—and in understanding how to achieve (Psalm 23:4.)

such a blessing. There is a parable that begins: "Fear knocked at the

The Apostle Paul told young Timothy that he must door. Faith answered. No one was there."

not be ashamed of the testimony of the Lord or of his To help settle our fears we need to be reminded that servants. "For,"wrote Paul, "God hath not given us the God loves us and others love us. Earnest effort and

spirit of fear; but of potver, and of love, and of a sound preparation banish insecurity: "... if ye are prepared

mind:'(See 2 Tim. 1:7-8.) ye shall not fear."(D&C 3 8:30.)

Yet one of the chief enemies of a sound mind is fear The problem of bad conscience can be overcome with fear of ourselves, fear of others, fear of the future. We sincere repentance and a willingness to accept the mercy

are afraid that we are not loved, or not worth loving, of God. Most of what we fear of the future will never

afraid that we are unworthy or unimportant to God, or happen; what does happen we can endure, with the help

that we have disqualified ourselves from his forgiveness of God. No one of us can carry all of the anticipated

or his concern. We get apprehensive about the future and burdens of all the tomorrows, and none of us should try.

our ability to live in it successfully; we fear our doubts We must not permit our doubts to rule our lives. "Our

and our doubting. All of us have known fear and thus doubts are traitors"(Shakespeare); faith and trust are

know the force of fear to disquiet and upset our minds. loyal friends. Their presence assures a healthy mind.

What shall we do with it?

tember A maiden born when Autumn leaves

Are rustling in Septembers breeze,

A Sapphire on her brow should bind, 'Twill cure diseases of the mind.

October

October's child is born for woe,

And Life's vicissitudes must know;

But lay an Opal on her breast.

And hope will lull those woes to rest.

v****

little bucket smiled brightly, "That's funny. I have the

same task. All I do is go down and come up and go down

and come up all day long. But no matter how many times

I go down and come up, I always come up full."

That's positive thinking. Hope is positive thinking.

Hopeful people are happy people who take the changes and chances of life in their stride, worrying not so much about what happens to them a's what they do about it. They look

for the best in people and make haste to be kind, to help, to appreciate.

Samuel Smiles suggests that the best kind of selfhelp in the area of building hope in the soul is to consider "hope is like the sun, which, as we journey towards it, casts the shadow of our burden behind us."This too will

pass, the scriptures say, and that goes for the delightful moments as well as the trying ones. Hope sweetens the

memory of experiences well loved. It tempers our troubles

to our growth and our strength. It befriends us in

dark hours, excites us in bright ones. It lends promise

to the future and purpose to the past. It turns discouragement to determination.

To have hope is to believe in God, to be grateful to him for a chance to live life, to be part of the plan, to be of service to him. "All that I have seen teaches

There were two buckets sitting on the edge of a well. me to trust the Creator for all I have not seen,"said

One turned to the other with mouth drooping down and Emerson. He is there waiting to bless us with all we

said, "All I do is go down and come up and go down and will accept. It is up to us to be in love with life and

come up all day long. No matter how many times I go with the best way of living it: "buckets"coming up

down and come up, I always go down empty."The other full and not going down empty.

# No one has success unless he abounds in life... in the temporary pleasures; think creatively about wholesome

getting up each day with a thirst for the challenges ways to have fun, to mingle or single, to serve, to mutually thereof... in the thrilling at the beauty of the world improve.

... in the love of people... and a closeness with Success is simply doing what you ought to do when

God... in filling his niche by working at his task you ought to do it in the best way it possibly can be

whether it is rescuing a team from defeat or a soul from done. It is total commitment to an effort—whether it's

the depth. chairmaning a dance or overcoming a fault. It's learning

Success needn't be a faroff thing, something reserved to know God and putting a hand in his. It is looking

for old age, the rich, the wildly busy, the power structure at disappointment or the defeat of the moment with a in your place. Success in life has to do with what one wry smile and getting on with the business of growing,

is at any given time. It is a state of being rather than of being, of doing—better than before.

becoming. "Tomorrow's fate, though thou be wise,

Thou canst not tell nor yet surmise;

Pass, therefore, not today in vain,

For it will never come again."

Omar Khayyam's rhyme encourages action at this moment, and it is upon this fact that we'll be judged as a success or a failure. The successful person of any age

is the one who rises to the occasion with his or her best efforts. What a blessing to a group, a school, a church,

a community is the person who cares enough to contribute.

Such success is based on the doing not the talking about it.

"What can be done by one young? The same as by one

older... something and done well. It may take a different form (like a system to upgrade teenage behavior

instead of founding a bank), but it has a place, fills a need, marks success. Youth can stand firm amid teasings

and tauntings; rise early and spend the hours carefully;

give big meanings to principles and small importance to

w m.

November Who first comes to this world below

? With drear Novembers fog and snow mm

Should prize the Topaz'amber hue - - i&| Emblem of friends and lovers true.

'IW&fkttfji';* '< ',* rFJ&

/t,3ji-:.-. i

'''7>I

-Wt. (December If cold December gave you birth,

The month of snow and ice and mirth,

Place on your hand a Turquoise blue;

Success will bless whatever you do.

# Does anyone needHave happy times with others. Talk together of pleasant

to be taught the value things, and problems, and deep things, too, at the level of good, true friends? of your own understanding. Jest a little, and learn to

It would hardly seem differ without rancor.

so, since few of life's Keep the confidences of others. Let them feel that they

blessings are so clearly can speak freely, knowing that you will accept their important. But all of offerings faithfully, keep the grain, and "with the breath

us need to be reof kindness"blow the chaff away. Shelter no unkind

minded occasionally, word or misunderstanding in a corner of your mind to and all will profit harden and enlarge and emerge again in a moment of from a few moments'tension to hurt and destroy.

consideration of their "Go often to the house of thy friend, for weeds choke worth. the unused path."

"The friends thou Be impatient with separations, and welcome with joy hast, and their adopyour reunions.

tion tried, grapple Accept affection from your friends, and give it. Apthem to thy soul with hoops of steel."preciate them, and let them know. Laugh with them often,

friends—andThus Shakespearestressed salutedthe importancethe virtueof retainingof loyal, them.tested andto them.sometimes weep with them. Rely on them. Be true

How can one make friends and keep them? And let all you would give to any other friend be

To find a friend, be one! given to those who live in the same house with you, and

Do kindnesses for others. Think of them, serve them, to your Heavenly Friend, for these should be your closest

share with them. and best friends of all.

The Last Word

A little girl skipping along at her father's side on an evening walk kept looking intently at the stars. Though apparently fascinated, she

made no comment. Finally her father asked

about what she was thinking. "If the bottom

side of heaven is so beautiful,"she replied, "how wonderful the top side must be."

The boy in this story is not the only one who misunderstands the singers: A schoolteacher asked her pupils who Nero was. The only response came from a little fellow

who held up his hand. "Arthur,"said the teacher, "do you know who Nero was?""Yes,

ma'am,"he answered proudly, "he's the one we sing about in our Sunday School."The

teacher was unable to recall any song in the gospel hymns where Nero was mentioned.

"What is the song like, Arthur?"she asked. "Nero, my God, to thee,"was the answer.

When a person is down in the world an ounce of Father!—to God himself we cannot help is better than a pound of preaching.—Bulwer give a holier name.—Wordsworth

It behoves a father to It is the month of June, be blameless, if he The month of leaves and roses, expects his son to be When pleasant sights salute the eyes more blameless than he And pleasant scents the noses.

was himself.—Plautus -N. P. Willis, The Month of June

It is easier to suppress the first desire than to satisfy all that follow it.—Benjamin Franklin

There are ten things for which no one has ever yet been sorry. They are: for doing good to all; for

speaking evil of none; for hearing before judging; for thinking before speaking; for holding an

angry tongue; for being kind to the distressed; for asking pardon for all wrongs; for being patient

toivard everybody; for stopping the ears to a talebearer; for disbelieving most of the ill reports.

The wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.—-Bacon

So nigh is grandeur to our dust,

So near is God to man, When duty whispers low, "I must,"

The youth replies, "I can."—Emerson

New in Salt Lake City... 15 Stories of jlnterpace Face Brick

This towering new structure is called Sunset Towers. Located on Ninth

Street East near South Temple, it represents the last word in luxurious apartment house living, and has the substantial appearance of INTERPACE Face Brick.

The steel superstructure is glamorized with exterior walls of

Titansized, lightcolored face brick by INTERPACE, 174,000 of them!

Architect for this imposing addition to the Salt Lake City skyline was

M. W. Harris, Jr., and the general contractor Alfred Brown Co. Masonry contractor

was Child Masonry Co. Art and Frank Child personally supervised all bricklaying.

For homes, apartment houses, schools and other buildings, face brick offers a unique combination of advantages: construction strength,

durability, lowcost maintenance, summer coolness, winter warmth, and varied textural interest in surface treatment. And INTERPACE Face

Brick gives you a large range of shapes, sizes, colors and textures, always competitively priced.

Building with brick pays. And it pays best to build with INTERPACE Face Brick.

INTERNATIONALFACEA Gladding, McBeanPIPEbuilding& CERAMICSBRICKproduct byCORPORATIONjjL'NTEP.PACE

Los Angeles / San Francisco / San Diego / Sacramento / Santa Clara / Portland / Seattle / Spokane / Salt Lake City / Denver / Phoenix / Honolulu (American Factors)

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

V>

TODAY: FAMILY NIGHT / TOMORROW: HIS FIRST COTTAGE MEETING

Is a mission in your plans for his future? Will you be ready when he is? Beneficial's Mission Motivator Plan takes the question out of his future. It provides

money for mission expenses, along with life insurance coverage. And after the

homecoming, you can convert to permalXTTTf'TpTAT T TTTfj1 nent insurance protection. Send today for

(Jfk riompa) "Mission Motivator"information. Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah