J*4fe

THIS

puns ISSUE

Tributes to Mothers by some of the General Authorities

%*- Total Fitness I by Marion D. Hanks

Belle S. Spafford,

general president of the Relief Society, writes of woman's place in the Church

The Age of No Reason by W. Cleon Skousen

L\

The Improvement Era May 1958 * THE

OTS

IBKARY,

by Charles L.

Paddock

The most important lessons are learned in the child's first stories. The TINY TOTS LIBRARY is designed to help give youngsters the right start.

Every story in these new, attractive volumes is calculated to teach the child an important lesson.

Each picture is an original painting, done especially for the story it accompanies, and beautifully reproduced in full color. Nothing has been

spared to make this set attractive for your youngsters.

Bible ABCs There are three volumes: Bible Firsts

Boys and Girls of the Bible

You can be sure that your children are receiving the right training from the TINY TOTS

LIBRARY. "The first five years of life, the most fundamental and formative years in the cycle of the child's growth."—Dr. Gessel of Yale Child Clinic.

Use the coupon below to obtain information 'without any obligation

To: Home Health Education Service,

Post Office Box 455, Salt Lake City 10, Utah

I would like to know more about the TINY

TOTS LIBRARY.

I would like to see the TINY TOTS LIBRARY.

Name Address Telephone City Zone State All the flavor is not in the cheese

mm,?:- v\i: iiii II (or the salad or dip or

soup, or whatever you:/:.p;ssM:iiV'--iv-: ':=:'\: ";

serve with Saitine Sill ill i Crackers by Purity) wmm:mmfflm

>?/ Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

A New Familv Pyroceram, developed by Corning

Glass Works, is a new family of basic materials said to be harder than highcarbon steel, lighter than aluminum, and up to nine times stronger than plate glass. Pyroceram

is a finegrained crystalline material made from noncrystalline glass, but with a melting point near iron.

W H O on Teeth The World Health Organization study of hundreds ahas made of Your favorite cheese or cheese spread—tasty using the in countries 17programs

fluoridation treatment of water to as it may be—is even more delicious with the

study tooth decay.prevent The perky flavor of Saltines by Purity... so fresh

caries perin the dentalshowed that manent teeth of children decreased and crackling crisp, so really special.

by 60 percent, while in children's primary teeth the reductions ranged When the appetizer, or the snack, from 50 to 60 percent. WHO recomcalls for crackers, taste what a

mends the use of fluoridated drinking water wherever and whenever difference Saltines by possible by using one part of fluorine Purity makes.

for every million parts of water.

Language of Southern India Tamil, the leading Dravidian language of southern India, has a syllabic script of 312 characters. Some

other languages of India have from 500 to 700 characters.

A Great Waste It is estimated that about oneAt your favorite grocer's irrifor ofthird diverted all water in I and 2 pound cartons is lost actualgation on the way to the fields.

PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatello

MAY 1958 289 The Improvement Era, The Voice of the Church, Volume 61, Number 5, May 1958.

Official organ of the priesthood quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, ward teachers, Music Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Church Features The Editor's Page: Why the Church? President David O. McKay 302

our Question: Knowledge of Gospel Principles

President Joseph Fielding Smith 304

Missionary Helps: Brigham Young's Counsel to Elders 317

Oscar A. Kirkham Albert L. Zobell, Jr. 320

Jesus Visits His "Other Sheep"—MIA Reading Course:

Jesus the ChristXXIII Doyle L. Green 322

The Place of LDS Woman Belle S. Spafford 335

With Reverence (Family Hour Discussion Topic) Richard L. Evans 338

The Church Moves On, 300; Melchizedck Priesthood, 328; Presiding Bishopric's Page,

Special Features Tributes to Mother: President David O. McKay 303

President Stephen L Richards 311

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr. 313

President Joseph Fielding Smith 313

President Levi Edgar Young 315

Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin 325

Total Fitness Marion G. Hanks 306

Me Teach Primary? Rodney W. Fye 310

The Tabernacle Choir Broadcast Ralph D. Rytting 312

The Power of the Whole Personality in Teaching C. Ward Despain 314

Leadership Development: The M Factors Sterling W. Sill 326

The Age of No Reason (So That's What Boys Are Made OfII)

W. Cleon Skousen 330

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L. Evans 352, 359, 364, 372

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 289; These Times: The Study of Language, G. Homer Durham, 292; Be Honest with Yourself, 296; Letters and Beports, 298.

Today's Family:

Food and Flavor Lynne A. Pettit 366 Couer—One of the tenderest

Household Helps 369 stories from the scripturesThe Last Word 376 Mary'sinspiredVisitartisttoCarlElisabethBloch to create the worldfamous Stories, Poetry painting which we have for cover as the reproduced 318 Kendall Blanche Snow in May McKey original our The May issue. Poetry 364, 365 359, 363, 316, 352, 354, in painting hangs

Castle, Editor; FrederiJcsborg O. Editors; Green, David Bichard Doyle L. L. Evans, Managing McKay and Copenhagen, Denmark. C. Editor; Editor; Associate Josephson, Elizabeth Production Marba Managing J. Moffitt,

Albert L. Zobell, Jr., Research Editor; Eileen Gibbons, Manuscript Editor; Gordon T.

Allred, Editorial Associate; Balph Beynolds and Ed Maryon, Art Directors.

Archibald F. Bennett, G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Milton B. Hunter,

Hugh Nibley, Claude B. Petersen, Sidney B. Sperry, Contributing Editors.

Elbert B. Curtis, General Manager; Bertha S. Beeder, Associate General Manager; Verl F.

Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription Director; Thayer Evans, Regional

Advertising Representative.

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 16, Utah

Art and photo credits and footnotes 375

Copyright 1958 by Mutual Funds, Inc., and published by the Mutual Improvement Associations of the Church of Jesus Christ

of Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.50 a year, in advance; foreign subscriptions, $3.00 a year, in

advance; 25c single copy.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage

provided for in section 1103. Act of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on

acceptance at the rate of l'/ic a word and must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

Thirty days'notice required for change of address. When ordering a change, please include address slip from a recent issue

of the magazine. Address changes cannot be made unless the old address as well as the new one is included.

290 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Che of the jfor6 1. fanMeDR. ADAM S. BENNION

While memory lasts, "The Candle of the Lord"will rekindle the glow of inspiration which the gifted, friendly spirit of Adam S. Bennion brought to the

thousands who enjoyed hearing his amiable voice.

His personality was a catalyst which sparked the personalities of others to noble action. In this book he speaks again of

all that filled his heart: the spiritual

life, love of country, his dedication to youth, and his faith in the noble potentialities of his fellow men.

$3.75

First time in this handy format...

Leather bound, pocket size TRIPLE COMBINATION (Page aze—5y4"x5y4")

Handy, portable triple combination (Book of Mormon, Doctrine and

Covenants, Pearl of Great Price) with rich Persian Morocco Leather cover and fabric lining. A wonderful traveling companion to take

everywhere!

$6.00

Joseph Smith Life of Joseph and World Smith, the Prophet Government An eyewitnessGEORGEaccountQ.of CANNONthe life and work of

HYRUM L. ANDRUS the Prophet. The author of this wellwritten hisHere is the only published tory interviewed living witnesses concerning the

analysis that has been made events and happenings in the Prophet's life as to date of Joseph Smith's conwell as reading the Prophet's own records of the cept of world government. It early history of the Church. From this eyegives conclusive evidence that witness approach, this book gains vividness and

the Prophet included within veracity. $3.50

1.75 his concept of the Kingdom

of of God the development a IJVpMM that government political would be administered under......Vr.r I

the of Zion. direction of the Priesthood DesoretiHSBocihEE!"i!IS| Co.

44 East South Temple -- Salt Lake City. Utah

The Genealogical 44DESERETEast SouthBOOKTemple,COMPANYSalt Lake City, Utah

Reader Gentlemen:Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money order ( ) I have

NOEL C. STEVENSON account. Please charge. Amount enclosed $ - for

Collected together in one volencircled (numbered) books: 3 4 ume you will find outstanding 12

articles of importance, written by authorities, on genealogical Name pointsof-view research. Many

and are represented, many aids Address...

State.....:. Zone

tax. $2.50 cientare offeredmethodsfor better,of researchmore effiin City Residents of Utah include 2% sales

genealogy.

MAY 1958 291

Samsonite These Times brings the upholstered

i 'V s look to the world's strongest steel chair

New indestructible

The Study of Language Steel Folding Chair by Dr. G. Homer Durham

Special Samsonite process Vice President, University of Utah bonds nonscujf vinyl to steel A report from the Western Interand universities where Russian is seat, for new elegance state Commission on Higher Educanot even available. It is easy to prein any room! tion (WICHE) in 1958 says that in dict that in five years, millions of

Now—Samsonite brings you a completely the Soviet Union there are eight Russians will be able to talk and

different folding chair! Watch your surmillion Russians studying the Engwrite to Americans, but very few

roundings take on new beauty with lish language. In the United States, Americans will be able to write or

Samsonite upholsteredlook chairs. Guarfewer than five thousand Americans talk to nonEnglish speaking Rusanteed by GOOD HOUSEKEEPING. In are studying Russian. sians.

washable tan or grey monk's cloth patterns. In the Russian schools today the In Russia's higher educational

study of one foreign language is reinstitutions, specialized institutes

Tests prove: quired. It begins in grade five develop writers and linguists in AfroSamsonite Plasti- (when pupils are approximately Asian languages and dialects. ChiShield is slashproof twelve years old) and continues nese has long been cultivated. Since

Slash it! Knife blades through the tenth grade (the RusAmerican entry into World War againstare ineffectual

PlastiShield's surface. sians have a tengrade, tenyear II, Harvard, Columbia, California,

Won't nick, cut or tear. school system, ages 7 to 17). DurWashington (Seattle), and others

ing 195556 more than 40 percent of have developed Slavic, Oriental, and the students in these grades were other institutes. But few Americans

studying English, 40 percent Gerare equipped to speak or write the

Samsonite Plastiman. The remaining students in the languages of mankind. What linShield is wearresist-

ant! For all its Iuxuryten-year schools were taking French, guistic resources have been cultifine texture, PlastiSpanish, or Latin. The Deputy vated in this country have largely

Shield's colorful surface Minister of Education has reported been western European languages.

is durable, stands up that 65 percent of all students in The western European languages, under years of wear. higher educational institutions in especially English, Spanish, French,

Russia now study English. At the and German (to a lesser extent

University of Utah this year, some Dutch and Portuguese), were spread

Samsonite Plasti55 students (out of approximately around the world with the expanShield is stainproof! 9,000) are studying Russian, or sion of European power and influWhy cry over spilled about.6 of 1 percent. The record ence after the year 1500 A.D. It

ink, nail polish, fruit at Utah is undoubtedly better than made important sense to include

PlastiShield'sstains? schools. in the obtains at over American of them 90 percent The whatprotective surface

of expansion colleges or so Europe seems to have the 1800 Americansponges clean.

FOR FREE BOOKLET write today to: Shwayder Bros.

Inc., Institutional Seating, Dept. IE-5, Detroit 29, Mich.

Also Makers of Samsonite Classroom Furniture 1958 292 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TWO SPIRITUAL

...for a rich,

full life

PATHWAYS TO HAPPINESS

by David O. McKay

Compiled by Llewelyn R. McKay

Here is wisdom and beauty to inspire the soul of every woman in the Church...

and bring her true happiness. Written

with skill and imagination, this enriching volume clearly reflects the profound thoughts, noble emotions, and keen insight of President McKay. Each chapter contains

practical, downto-earth helps for every woman on such topics as courtship and marriage, home life, free agency, education, heredity, and personal aspirations.

A book you'll love and cherish. $3.95

MOTHERHOOD, A PARTNERSHIP WITH GOD Compiled by Harold Lundstrom Here is a delightfully inspiring book which is one of the few books published especially for the wives and mothers of

Zion. This important volume contains

choice editorials from the Relief Society

Magazine and the words of the General

Authorities... from the time of Joseph

Smith to the present... on such subjects

as chastity, wifehood, responsibility of motherhood and many other pertinent topics. Ideal for random reading. $3.50

BOOKCRAFT 5-58 11 86 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send the following checked books for which I enclose $ in check ( ) or money order ( ).

BOOKCRAFTPUBLISHERS TO THE L.D.S. TRADE Pathways to Happiness Motherhood

1186 SOUTH MAIN HU 7-7488 City Statemmmmmmm

MAY 1958 293. )

Sight is Precious ceased with the colonial revoluEnglish tries to produce over 42 tions. It may be time, now, for the sounds from the 26 Latin (includAmerican people to reconsider, ing a few Greek) characters being

Light Costs Little sharply, an expanded role for lanused in this paragraph. The Rusguage in American education. It is sian alphabet, "the best phonetic

not only in "science and mathelanguage of Europe,"according to matics"that the Russian tenyear Dr. Wiener, contains 35 letters.

school appears to forge ahead, but Sanskrit, described by the late also in teaching languages. If the Maurice Bloomfield of Johns Hoppen is mightier than the sword, if the kins as "the most important and

power to communicate ideas to a most highly organized of human man in his own native tongue is imlanguages,"contains 47 characters portant, then the Russian advantage of which 33 are consonant signs, in language training may far outwith 14 vowel signs. Chinese,

weigh any future advantage they which William Elliot Griffis once may gain in the mathematical scicalled "the unaltered babytalk of PLAN ences. mankind,"its monosyllables fixed

Dr. Edward Teller recently told too early in its history by ideoLIGHT Utah audiences to consider the graphs, has produced (in place of

for "builtin"advantages Russian eduan alphabet) more than 80,000 cation has in (1) a completely characters. Chinese has virtually

phonetic language (which saves no grammar. The Latinization of LIVING Russian first and second graders the a Chinese alphabet is now being atmunist regime. If the Russian Live Better Americansspelling difficultiesnever overcomewhichwithmanythe tempted under the Chinese ComElectrically moreand (2)complicatedthe metricEnglishsystem,languagewhich alphabethaps Americanswere alsowouldLatinized,"shy away"peris learned by American students from it less.

with FULL HOUSEPOWER when they reach college, not at the But why "shy away"? Or why

beginning, but is grafted on top of expect or wait for Russian to be

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. the complicated English measureLatinized? Why not understand the

ment system of inches, feet, rods, Russian alphabet itself and how it furlongs, miles, ounces, pounds, tons, got that way?

long tons, etc. It is important to know where any

Leo Wiener, late Professor of alphabet came from, English or

ENJOY A LIFETIME OF Slavic Languages at Harvard, wrote Russian. The alphabet is perhaps

HEALTH.. phoneticyears ago languagethat Russianof Europe";was "the bestthat theinventorgreatestis unknown.of all inventions.Some claimThe

"after the rudiments have been masthat Moses, perhaps learned in the

INVEST IN A \ tered considerably faster progress Egyptian hieratic of the court of

LEE HOUSEHOLD can be made in Russian than in Pharoah, received it by inspiration

FLOUR MILL A German."In Russian, he said, "all during the Sinaitic wanderings of

origin, the troublesome the points Whatever with Israel. much are met ELECTRIC

at the very start scholarship suggests that around... while the diffiPORTABLE

AUTOMATIC culties of German keep increas1500 B.C., somewhere in the HeECONOMICAL ing...."Those of us who have brewPhoenician world, the alphaStone wrestled grind with long bet appeared. Writing, your sentence known German

flour a few hours the structure and or other ideographs, heiroglyphs uses of such verb in before... baking

taste the differendings as geworden ist and geworsuddenly became phonetic. Abstract

ence!

Choice of 4 mills, den sein will all testify to the last symbols rather than pictures came prices! write for introduchalf of that statement. to represent the sounds of spoken Save on

tory flour offer The thing language. English which probably word alphaThe makes

send with. coupon.. Russian appear forbidding bet derives to from two Greek words an check or ormoney

for der 5 lb. pkg. American student, at least more fordenoting the first two letters of the Stone ground day

shipped. bidding than French, German, or Greek alphabet, alpha and beta. But

LEE ENGINEERING Spanish, in is the "strange"alpha alphabet. beta and no meaning have COMPANY

This sentence Semitic are Greek! Milwaukee 1, Wis. written, is being merely They

and you are reading it in print, in a sounds, symbolized by Greek charBAKE AN Latin alphabet. The languages of acters, and as such were derived

i HONEST western Europe reflect -the influence from the Semitic (Hebrew or

LOAF! of Latin Christendom. Most are Phoenician) words for ox and house

written in the Latin alphabet (Gerrespectively. The Phoenicians usuLEE ENGINEERING COMPANY, Dept. IE-5-58 man with a Gothic script). Rusally get major credit for producing

2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee 1, Wis. sian, however, is written in a differthe alphabet. Their alphabet, as evi-

.... Pp. 5-lb. pkg. Flour only $1.50 Deaf Smith ent alphabet, in some respects a denced by monuments, contained 22

5-lb. pkg. Pp. Flour.... Wis. only $1.00 Minn.

better alphabet than the Latin. letters. The ancient Greek alphaName

Street

City State

.- 294 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA bet, derived from the Phoenician, had 17, with our 5 vowels and 11 consonants (b, g, k, 1, m, n, p, r, s, and t). Y and z and others were

later added, contributing to the

Latin alphabet of 23 letters, which in its course through Europe produced the 26 letters known to us in

English (including the useless letter c, which is always pronounced either s or k (unless accompanied by h);

and /, which sounds like one of our "g"sounds; and the relatively useless q—that is, useless if you have

a w and a u as English has).

The Russian alphabet is derived from Phoenician, through the Greek.

Its postGreek origin is Bulgarian and what is known as "Church Slavic,"or, the "Cyrillic"alphabet.

"Cyrillic"is named for St. Cyril

(826885 A.D.), called "The Apostle to the Slavs."The scriptures

of what came to be the Russian

Orthodox Church were rendered into the language of the Black Sea peoples by means of this alphabet.

The literary language of Russia thus came to be fixed and set upon its future course. Peter the Great

(16721724) in 1708 simplified and somewhat westernized the Cyrillic letters from some 48 to 37 (two of Brick is truly the Aristocrat of all which the Soviet Ministry of Educabuilding materials.

tion later abandoned). The great It offers lasting beauty, versatile con-

M. V. Lomonosov (17111765), poet, struction, extra safety and low mainchemistry professor, grammarian, tenance as well as lower insurance

and founder of the University of rates. The cost of construction is low

Moscow (1755), seized upon Peter's too.

reforms, developed the basic work For churches, office buildings, schools on Russian grammar reflecting the or any structure, you build better when language of the people rather than you build with BRICK.

the Church Slavic, and became the Ask about the new Vitrified Clay Sewer"Father literature."of Russian Thus

The Brothers Karamazov, and Pipe with the WEDGELOCK. War

Peace, and other great works of nineteenth century writers like

Dostoevsky and Tolstoi were written I Illftofe n characters,with shaped into words, Office: 1078 South 1st West Salt Lake City 8, Utah amDial EM 3-2763in the style of Lomonosov. Lomonosov aspired to have Russian reflect

"the magnificence of the Spanish, the vivacity of the French, the force If Your NO OBLIGATION of the German, the tenderness of CHURCH NEEDS AN the Italian, and, besides, the wealth ORGAN, INQUIRE n and the expressional brevity of the j ABOUT WICKS n S WICKS ORGAN COMPANY IE 558

Greek and the Latin."That he sucJQPIPJE ORGANS L Highland, Illinois

ceeded was later attested to by such Without obligation, send complete information technical scholars as Professor about Wicks Church Organs by return mail.

Wiener, who wrote: "The language

is simple and direct... the order Your Name

of words is quite immaterial, since it is guided exclusively by emphasis, Your Church,,, the indirect discourse is practically unknown, and... a small basic llilllil Street Address.,...,..*....

number of words furnish an inexTHE/Tf

City, Zone State.

WICKS ORGAN COMPANY MAIL COUPON TODAY ILLINOIS HIGHLAND,

MAY 1958 295 haustible number of derivatives of quaintance, should pursue the study every imaginable shade of meanof the nonEuropean, nonLatin laning...."guages. The best time, however, is

Language distinguishes man from probably in grade five—where the

the rest of creation. Modern AmeriRussians begin the study of English.

cans should not shrink from its cultiIn any event, at whatever age, more vation and intelligent use. Some of us should learn to talk and write

of us, like the several physics and to the Russians, and to the Chinese, mathematics professors of my acand to many others, in these times.

Be Honest with Yourself SAFEWAY

A FRIEND OF THE llflfflWllMM ( FAMILY AND A...young

FRIEND OF THE FARMER men Utah, along with many other shall see states, of its abunhad one most i mm fall. last dant apple crops The

result was a big surplus of apples. visions

The problem was to find a suitable market.

Safeway, always alert to help the farmer, put on a special Utah

Apple Promotion in its Intermountain Area stores. It also opened

new markets all the way from Arkansas to Southern California.

Safeway purchased and marketed some 1,237,280 pounds of Utah apples, for which Utah farmers were paid $85,677.

As a result of this activity, John

B. Stratton of Orem, chairman of

the Utah Apple Growers Associa- "... Young Men Shall See Visions"shortwave radio to a new world of said: tion,

Young men, young women—you astral signals and sounds—and goes

"One of the biggest factors in are living in a Wonderful day. No on to become a physical scientist or

solving our recent apple problem generation since the dawn of time a designer of airplanes. He sets his

was the tremendous job done by has seen so much progress. None sight on the stars and a globecir-

Safeway. All of our huge 1957 has faced such a future. Electricity, cling satellite is born.

apple crop will be sold and the the steam engine, the telephone, the An inspired teacher opens the ingrowers will receive a fair price telegraph, the automobile, the airtellect and stirs the soul of a gifted for their fruit. This service by plane, the radio, the television, nupupil—and a surge of hidden forces

Safeway, to help our farm memclear power... they're all products comes alive.

bers, was most appreciated."of your generation. So, in a degree What visions! What dreams! What

never before known to man, are wonders! And for you, young men

hidden treasures of truth now being and young women of the Church,

FRIEND OF THE FAMILY revealed. what glorious opportunities, what

FRIEND OF THE FARMER The prophets foresaw and foretold awesome responsibilities.

these days in the beautiful language What can you do?

of poetry and prophecy: "... Your If you would "find wisdom and

old men shall dream dreams, your great treasures of knowledge, even young men shall see visions... and hidden treasures"... Seek learning

I will shew wonders in the heavens—by study and by faith. Keep the SAFEWAY and in the earth...."commandments. And with it all—

In fulfilment, a Roy Scout prepares for a merit badge test and tunes his RE HONEST WITH YOURSELF

296 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA **y

IS 1;:.:-:/

jaaiaSii|.;

.-—

aai.

Viewcorner created by combining Trimview Sliding Glass Doors (left) with glass windowwall (right).

THE WOOD HOME SHOWS YOU HOW YOU CAN

make your living room big as all outdoors

WITH FULLER TRIMVIEW SLIDING GLASS DOORS

Overlooking a gentle valley in Woodside, Calif., the Parker Woods'FULLER PRODUCTS FOR COMFORT

home is a fine example of how you can bring a dramatic outdoor AND BEAUTY INCLUDE:

feature right into your living room. Architect Edwin Wadsworth, Trimview Shower Doors Trimview Tub Enclosures

Screens) (and Lifetime Mirrors Sliding WindowsA.I.A., did it by combining Trimview Sliding Glass Doors cornering Fuller

Casement Medicine Trimview Cabinets Windows a windowwall of Fuller Glass. Trimview Sliding Glass Doors (and Sliding Screens)

In your own home, too, you'll find all -aluminum Trimview Doors Louvre Windows Paint (interior and exterior) one of the most interesting elements of the house—whether you're Wallpaper Pittsburgh Glass Products

building or remodeling. There are many types to choose from. All

panels slide—whispersmooth. They're weatherproofed against drafts

and moisture. Sliding screens come in matching finish. For colderclimates, you can get Twinpane Doors. Find out how much TrimFULLER

view can do for your home. See your Fuller Dealer for expert advice. PAINTS GLASS

Organ Collections for the Church and Home

Letters and AT THE CONSOLEFelton Reports CHAPEL ORGANISTPresser.

DEVOTIONAL ORGAN ALBUMAsper 2.50

EASY CHURCH VOLUNTARIESNolte 1.50

FAVORITE ORGAN VOLUNTARIESVols. 1, 2, 3-Lorenz en. 1.50

ORGAN... ORGAN VISTASPresserIN THE CHURCHAsper.... 2.751.50 Rowland Sparks

VOLUNTARIESORGAN Vols. 1 & 2-Schreiner ea. 3.50 an Award Winner

REED ORGAN PLAYERDitson 1.00

REED ORGAN SELECTIONSLewis... 1.00 Rowland Sparks,

70 SOLOS OR HAMMOND Sixth Falls Idaho

REED ORGANFOR Idaho South 1.25 Ward, 33 FAVORITE SOLOS FOR CHURCH

has Falls Stake, 1.50 USE GENERAL AND

ninetymaintained a The collections organ above a very small five attendpercent part of stock. our organ carry a Weare

stock of for books every of organ. large m'W/m** W make at Sacance record Try us for your musical needs. rament meeting,a priesthood meeting,

Music Sent on Approval Sunday School, and MIA since he was

Use this advertisement as your order blank ordained a deacon five years ago. He was

an Eagle Scout at the age of fourteen and

MUSIC DAYNES COMPANY just to has the received God""Duty 15 E. 1st South

of Mrs. Elder is the son award. and He Salt City 11, Lake Utah

Please send the music indicated above. Frank Sparks.

On Approval Charge Money Enclosed Name

Address City & State Missionary Quartet Thrills Audiences

A quartet and a young woman soloist, aiines Music allsion,missionariesmade a tourservingof France,in theBelgium,French Misand

Switzerland last winter.

The Mormon quartet and soloist visited 15 E. 1st So. LaRochelle, Angouleme, Perpignan, Mar145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PR0V0 Salt Lake City seilles, Nice, Grenoble, Besancon, Mulhouse, Nancy, Reims, and Paris, France;

Belgium; Lausanne Switzerand Geneva,LANGUAGE Verviers, Liege, Namur, and Charleroi, OF YOUTH land. welcome was everywhere A warm 37 PA6ES OF PICTURES to these extended of ambassadors

WITH BOOK OF MORMON TEXT and talent. Especially was the publicfaith

press kind. Some of the concerts were

broadcast.

Seen in the picture are Anne Bennion, Laramie (Wyoming) Eagle Scout

Salt Lake City, and Elders Heber Thompson, Richland, Washington; Loftin Harvey, Rulon D. (Danny) Lewis, Jr., Troop

Salt Lake City; Geoffrey Butler, Mel138, Laramie, Wyoming, Boy Scout, has

bourne, Australia; James S. Arrigona, Paris, an enviable record for his scouting years.

France; and Dee Grover, Malad, Idaho, He has served as den chief, patrol leader,

who served as accompanist. senior patrol leader, and as junior assistant

75* herAnnehomeBennionin Salt hasLakerecentlyCity. Herreturnedparentsto Julyscoutmaster1957. atHe thehas nationalbeen electedjamboreeto thein

are Elder and Mrs. Kenneth S. Bennion. order of the arrow, received the communWRITE Elder Bennion is director of the LDS ity service award, the "Duty to God"

E.CHABOT WENOEL Business College. award, and most recently the Eagle award.

145 W-4W SO.

BOUNTIFUL, UTAH

298 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA little nibblers get that When "hollow feeling''..

fill 'em up the wholesome way

Nabisco SUGAR Honey Grahams

in oneand twopound packages.

; THE Available

because they're made with rich graham flour and pure honey! Perfect for betweenmeal snacks!

Nabisco Sugar Honey Grahams haven't spoiled an appetite yet! Conveniently scored to snap into two bitesize pieces

(less crumbs). And for longlasting crispness... they're GRAHAMS "wrapped in 6 InEr-Seal wax packets. Bring home some today.

NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY MAY 1958 299 The Church The Intermountain West's Largest and Finest Bridal Salon Moves On

March 1958

Elder John Longden, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve, dedicated the chapel of the Caswell, North Carolina, Branch,

Central Atlantic States Mission.

Elder John Longden, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve,

NEW LOCATION dedicated the chapel of the Fredericksburg, Virginia, Branch, 38 South Main Street Central Atlantic States Mission.

SALT LAKE CITY UTAH President Oscar A. Kirkham of the First Council of the

Seventy passed away. He was seventyeight years of age.

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

John M. Simonsen as president of the South Australian MisTORTILLAS sion, President President Bingham. succeeding Thomas S.ARE THE FOUNDATION FOR MOST

is Park Simonsen of the Monument a member Ward, Monument

Park (Salt Lake City) Stake, and has served as an officer and teacher in various auxiliary organizations of the Church, as a member of the Yale Ward bishopric, as a member of the Bonneville Stake high council, and as high priests quorum president and group leader. FOODSof

Mrs. Simonsen, a former second counselor in the Relief Society

general presidency, will accompany him on this mission.

MEXICO Funeral services were conducted for President Oscar

Kirkham in the Assembly Hall on Temple Square.

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder of the Elggren welfare A. Lewis Church comas a member

as presihas recently * x a% ftf n|"B. SSAHO mittee. released Elggren Elder been

dent of the Western States Mission. *5? COttN|Ua'water The Junior M Men basketball tournament began. Thirtytwo teams are entered in this allChurch affair. Games will

be played daily until Saturday. The games are to be played

in in the Logan, Utah State University's George Nelson Fieldhouse Jflshleij's and in Smart Gym. THE ORIGINAL

CANNED TORTILLAS & SAUCES St. George Third Ward won the championship of the annual

now make it possible for gourmets allChurch junior basketball tournament by defeating Nephi to enjoy MEXICAN FOODS in their First Ward 3735. Highland Park placed third, followed by

own homes. Stockton Second Ward of California, fourth; Kaysville Second Ward,

Ashley's pack a wide variety of authentic fifth; Neola Ward, sixth, and consolation; Center Ward, seventh;

Mexican Foods. Ask your store to stock them. ThatcherPenrose Ward, eighth; South Jordan Ward, ninth; and

Write for colorful Free Recipe and Information Folder Logan Twentyfirst Ward, tenth.

/4&6le*f& inc.

Sfa. "A"El Paso, Texas On The Mexican Border

300 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 11,028 independent businessmen like these serve you better with Standard's help

Wholesale distributor Bob Evans, Robert "Bob"A. Juner, San Francisco, Standard's special Aviation Division

Mesa, Arizona, uses a plant provided operates his own service station. We suphelps airport dealers like Frank Kelsey,

and maintained by Standard. We help ply him with business forms, maps, lube Salt Lake City, Utah, with wind direction

Bob develop new business and back him guides and major equipment. Bob makes indicators, flight guides and credit card

with engineering assistance on his cusgood use of Standard's training programs service... all welcome conveniences to

tomers'lubrication problems. to improve his service to you. his customers.

Standard credit cards make it possible Liquefied Petroleum Gas dealers Keith L. Tweedie, Salem, Oregon, is a

for independent marine dealers like Joe like Louis Marx, Atascadero, California, heating oil distributor. Our complete

Faires, Port Angeles, Wash., to honor find our operations manual helpful in program shows him how to set up an

charge accounts. When fuel and lubricaalmost every phase of his business... accounting system, handle credit, cut

tion problems arise, his customers can especially when it comes to saving cusoperating expenses and give you the rely on help from Standard's engineers. tomers time and trouble on deliveries. cleanest, most convenient service possible.

"Big Business"creates opportunities for "small help bring you these products in the U. S., Alaska, Hawaii,

business."With each doing the job for which it is best B. C. and many other parts of the Western Hemisphere.

qualified, both are able to operate more efficiently... give Because these independent businessmen perform an imporyou better service. Here's how it works with us. tant service for us, we assist their efforts with technical help,

Standard research and manufacturing skill assure quality suggested operations procedures, advertising and merchanproducts. In turn 11,028 distributors of Standard products, dising support. Thus by helping them to help themselves,

represented by these six Western independent businessmen, we are both able to serve you better.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

f'f/fJffl?*w%

The Editors Page

Why the Church?

by President David O. McKay

The mission of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is to prepare the way for the final establishment of the kingdom of God on earth. Its purpose

is, first, to develop in men's lives Christlilce attributes;

and, second, to transform society so that the world may be a better and more peaceful place in which to live.

The consummation of God's purposes is expressed in these words: "... this is my work and my glory—to

bring to pass the immortality and eternal life of man."

(Moses 1:39.) This divine purpose may be achieved

by using the Church as a means of accomplishing the following specific objectives in the achievement of which lies a challenge for the brightest minds in the world: First, physical strength, virility, cleanliness. When

you hear harping critics say that the Church Authorities overemphasize the Word of Wisdom, you may know that the critics have not studied very deeply the Word of Wisdom. Fundamentally, physical

strength and virility are essential factors in the progress of humanity.

Second, economic security. When you hear a person say we lay too much stress on tithing, you may

know he does not realize the relation of tithing and fast offerings to the economic security of every man, woman, and child in the Church.

Third, social justice. Go into any quorum and see

who are meeting there—your lawyers, your doctors,

your farmers, all meeting on a social plane. In the

Church every man and woman has equal privileges to every other man and woman.

(Continued on page 362) Wr.

by President David O. McKay My Mother

I cannot think of a womanly virtue that my home associations, and from my beloved wife mother did not possess. Undoubtedly, many a during the maturer years that followed, I have

youth, in affectionate appreciation of his received my high ideals of womanhood. No

mother's love and unselfish devotion can pay man has had inspiration from nobler, more lovII his mother the same tribute; but I say this in ing women. To them I owe a debt of eternal

the maturity of manhood when calm judgment gratitude.

should weigh facts dispassionately. To her Among my most precious soul treasures is the

children, and all others who knew her well, she memory of mother's prayers by the bedside, of was beautiful and dignified. Though highspir- her affectionate touch as she tucked the bedited she was eventempered and selfpossessed. clothes around my brother and me and gave

Her dark brown eyes immediately expressed any each a loving, goodnight kiss. We were too

rising emotion which, however, she always held young and roguish, then, fully to appreciate such under perfect control. devotion, but not too young to

In the management of her know that mother loved us.

household she was frugal yet It was this realization of surprisingly generous, as was mother's love, with a loyalty to father also, in providing for the the precepts of an exemplary welfare and education of their father, which more than once children. To make home the during youth turned my steps

most pleasant place in the world from the precipice of temptation.

for her husband and children If I were asked to name the was her constant aim, which she world's greatest need, I should achieved naturally and supremesay unhesitatingly wise mothers;

ly. Though unselfishly devoted and the second, exemplary

to her family, she tactfully fathers..

taught each one to reciprocate Jennette Evans McKay If mother love were but half in little acts of service. rightly directed, and if fatherHer soul, to quote the words of the poet, was, hood were but half what it should be in example

"As pure as lines of green that streak the first and honor, much of the sorrow and wickedness white of the snowdrop's inner leaves."In tenderin the world would indeed be overcome.

ness, watchful care, loving patience, loyalty to The home is the source of our national life.

home and to right, she seemed to me in boyIf we keep the spring pure we shall have less 111,,, hood, and she seems to me now after these years, difficulty in protecting the stream from polluto have been supreme. tion.

Mother left us when she was still young, only fiftyfour. During the intervening years I have My Mother! God bless you!

often wished that I had told her in my young For your purity of soul, manhood that my love for her and the realizaYour faith, your tenderness,:

tion of her love and of her confidence gave me Your watchful care, power more than once during fiery youth to Your supreme patience, keep my name untarnished and my soul from Your companionship and trust clay. Your loyalty to the right,

From my beautiful, everdevoted, and watchYour help and inspiration to father, ful mother, from my loyal sisters in our early Your unselfish devotion to us children.

MAY 1958 303

What is our duty with regard to the

Can we fully abide in them if

QUESTION: "I have been impressed for a

long time with the thought that the commandments of the Lord require of the members of the Church a thorough understanding of the fundamental principles of the gospel that we may better obey them. It appears to me that there is a spirit of indifference, or

lack of desire, on the part of a great many members in relation to gaining a knowledge of these commandments. The remit is a lack of harmony and obedience.

This attitude also presents the risk of our being deceived and led astray by the abundance of false doctrine and philosophy which today is taught in the world. If I am right, what can be done about it? Or

am I too critical?"Your ANSWER: You are not too critical. Most

emphatically the revelations in the standard works require of the members an intelligent study of them.

Why does the Lord give revelation and commandQuestion ment if it is not that we may comprehend and obey them? To the unbelieving Jews who opposed him,

by Joseph Fielding Smith Jesus said: "Search the scriptures; for in them ye think

testify life: they are which eternal have and they President of the Council of the Twelve ye

1 to salvation of plan the revealed of me."The Lord

Adam after he was driven out of the Garden of Eden, and said to him:

"Wherefore teach it unto your children, that all men, everywhere, must repent, or they can in nowise inherit the kingdom of God, for no unclean thing can dwell there, or dwell in his presence; for, in the language of Adam, Man of Holiness is his name, and

the name of his Only Begotten is the Son of Man, even Jesus Christ, a righteous Judge, who shall come in the meridian of time.

"Therefore I give unto you a commandment, to teach these things freely unto your children, saying:

"That by reason of transgression cometh the fall, which fall bringeth death, and inasmuch as ye were

( See page 375 for footnotes.

304 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA truths which have been revealed by God?

we do not have a knowledge of them?

born into the world by water, and blood, and the and the Spirit enlighteneth every man through the spirit, which I have made, and so became of dust a world, that hearkeneth to the voice of the Spirit.

living soul, even so ye must be born again into the "And every one that hearkeneth to the voice of the kingdom of heaven, of water, and of the Spirit, and be Spirit cometh unto God, even the Father."4

cleansed by blood, even the blood of mine Only BeIf the commandment to keep records had not been gotten; that ye might be sanctified from all sin, and given, and no records had been kept regarding the

enjoy the words of eternal life in this world, and dealings of the Lord with mankind, this world would eternal life in the world to come, even immortal have dwindled into savagery, and Satan would have glory; taken it completely captive. There would have been

"For by the water ye keep the commandment; by no knowledge pertaining to earlier generations. The

the Spirit ye are justified, and by the blood ye are Lord in his mercy and love saw to it that his word sanctified; was recorded, and though much of it has come down

"Therefore it is given to abide in you; the record to us in corrupted form, nevertheless, by the power

of heaven; the Comforter; the peaceable things of of the Almighty much has been preserved. It is

immortal glory; the truth of all things; that which upon divine records that nations have based their

quickeneth all things, which maketh alive all things; civilizations to a marked degree.

that which knoweth all things, and hath all power The Latterday Saints are doubly blessed with according to wisdom, mercy, truth, justice, and judgthe word of the Lord which has come to light through ment."2 the restoration of the gospel. We have been given

It is, therefore, our duty to know the truths which the record of the Nephites and the Jaredites, containhave been revealed, and the Lord has made a woning many glorious gospel truths. The Lord restored

derful promise to those who search his truth and much that had been originally revealed to Adam and abide in his teachings. They are to become perfect, Enoch and Abraham, which we find in the Pearl of

even as he is perfect. A more beautiful or farreach- Great Price, and it is to their condemnation when

ing pronouncement was never made than this: members of the Church do not take advantage of

"And that which doth not edify is not of God, and their opportunities to read, study, and learn what is darkness. the records contain. After all the revelations the

"That which is of God is light; and he that receiveth Lord has given through his prophets, and the comlight, and continneth in God, receiveth more light; mandments to the people to search these principles,

and that light groweth brighter and brighter until it is to our discredit and shows a lack of love for the perfect day."3 [Author's italics.] the Lord and for his blessings which have so abundantly been bestowed upon us when we neglect to

"The wonderful promise"study them. In the book of Revelation, John saw

Here is the wonderful promise to all who are willthe time at the judgment, when the dead came forth, ing to abide in the truth—and to abide in it they must and the books were opened.

have knowledge of the truth: they shall be glorified

in the celestial kingdom of God. Moreover, in an- "And I saw the dead, small and great"

other revelation the Lord declares that "the Spirit "And I saw the dead, small and great, stand before giveth light to every man that cometh into the world; God; and the books were (Continued on page 360)

MAY 1958 305 a

V:.;*.'; %

.

otal

. challenge itness

to the nation and the Church

by Marion D. Hanks, of the First Council of the Seventy,

Member Utah Council on Child and Youth Fitness

In the play Measure for Measure, Isabel, pleading less than 9 percent of a group of European children for the life of her brother Claudio, says, "Oh, it is tested—compellingly spotlighted the problem; nearly

excellent to have a giant's strength, but it is tyrannous 60 percent of the American young people failed one to use it like a giant"—a statement which may not or more of the tests!

only point up a vital issue in the world's rash rush Careful inquiry revealed some interesting reasons to gigantic destructive strength, but which could also for the situation. Less than 5 percent of our young

serve to give direction to the growing number of people have camping and outdoor opportunities anAmericans who are interested in the physical fitness nually. It is reported that organized leagues offer

program being advocated and instituted across our participation for only about 10 percent of American nation. youth. More than 90 percent of our elementary schools

It is well known that President Dwight D. Eisenhave no gymnasium facilities, and less than half of

hower, alarmed by tests and surveys and reports which our high schools schedule physical education, many have indicated a tendency to softness and physical of them on an inadequate basis. Automobiles, school

unfitness among young Americans, appointed in 1956 buses, and public transportation systems have out- a cabinetlevel Council on Youth Fitness and later moded walking, while television, radio, movies, and the President's Citizens Advisory Committee, a group telephones have lessened the experience and habit of of 119 leading citizens, to consider the problems and physical exercise. Spectator or spectacle sports with

make recommendations. A number of governors have emphasis on participation for the few, and the absence

appointed state committees on child and youth fitness, or inadequacy of physical education programs and and some effective preliminary work is being done by intramural programs in the schools have all concommunities, colleges, schools, churches, and civic tributed to minimizing the kind of activity necessary and youth agencies. Energetic efforts are being made for sound physical development in the individual.

to alert America's responsible citizens to the problem. Thus, the earnest concern for the physical fitness

The President's Council has adopted the objective of America's youth is justified. The alarming condiof attempting to motivate total fitness in America's tions of physical inadequacy, and their causes, are

youth. As might be expected, most of the publicity recognized, and the need for a program of education,

and emphasis to date have been directed to programs information, interest, and action among responsible of physical development, where the alarm was first adults is seen. But as the bard's Isabel implied, the

sounded. There is much genuine cause for concern problem of total fitness in the individual is much

in the field of physical fitness. Americans suffer the broader than muscular development and the acquirdefects of our great blessings. We are victims of the ing of bodily skill, controls, and discipline. Man is a

many creature comforts our civilization has spawned. complex creature, and his physical condition cannot

The loss of muscledeveloping chores for great numbe isolated from the other aspects of his being. It is

bers of our young people, mechanization, the gadgets well known that health and physical wellbeing, or of our specialized age, lack of opportunity to enjoy the lack of it, can have a highly significant effect upon the fields and woods have all contributed to a loss of our mental, emotional, social, and even spiritual fitphysical competency in our youth. Some simple ness. So may each of these other aspects of human

physical exercises employed by experts to test the personality have its influence upon physical wellback, abdominal, and upper leg muscle strength of being. It is true of nations and individuals that fitness

several thousand American youngsters—tests failed by involves not alone physical powers but also the

MAY 1958 307 capacity to employ them ethically, intelligently, and Latterday Saint in terms of religious principle and maturely for good and uplifting purposes, and this life experience.

capacity is dependent upon intellectual, emotional, As to physical fitness, the one word which should social, and spiritual fitness. be emphasized in this general statement is activity

Every thinking person has come in touch with (which is really the key to fitness in any area of the sermons, editorials, speeches, articles, and discussions human personality). An interesting note from the

relevant to the seriousness of the problems arising Millennial Star in 1854 indicated the understanding from modern scientific developments, and is consome of the early pioneers of the faith had toward cerned. General Omar Bradley is reported to have the relationship of activity to health. In answer to a

said in a Veterans'day speech in recent years that question whether a current local remedy, sawdust we are a nation of. "moral adolescents,"of "nuclear pills, would cure certain ailments, the editor answered,

giants and ethical infants."It is commonly known "Yes, provided you make your own sawdust!"They

that we have enough knowledge and potential power knew that physical fitness requires activity. Every

right now either to destroy or magnificently bless individual and every family should have a consciousmankind, but the tensions and conflicts of our day ness of this fact, and should fashion and foster a proattest that we may well lack the intelligence and gram of physical activity.

spiritual stature to use our strength for the blessing One recently published example of the importance of mankind. This circumstance is clearly analogous of physical health to total fitness is the report on a

with the situation of the individual human being. class of cadets at West Point which revealed that of

While we should give full support to the program five groups of cadets classified as to physical ability, seeking to increase the physical prowess and power the group with the highest capacity physically also and force of the American boy or girl, we need also demonstrated the greatest allaround leadership abilto recognize as indispensable the need to implant and ity and were next to the top in scholarship. The group

encourage the character, moral vigor, and spiritual which was rated second in physical fitness was first strength necessary if their lives are to be effective in in scholarship, and the two groups which rated highest doing good. Any nationwide program which conphysically also had fewer cadets "wash out"of the

centrates on developing power or physical efficiency academy than the other groups. There is important

(or scientific skills, for that matter) in entire disregard relationship between physical fitness and effectiveof the other vital aspects of the total personality could ness as a human being.

be tragic in its consequences.

One of the most compelling examples of the need for emphasizing total fitness is recorded in Luke Social Fitness where a fourteenword statement notes the pattern of development Jesus followed during the critical formaThe capacity to live in satisfying, tive years of his life, of which period little else is contributing relationships with other known. "And Jesus increased in wisdom and stature, human beings develops with active,

and in favour with God and man."(Luke 2:52.) It creative service. An interview of

is thus recorded that the development of this greatest three participants at a recent county sheriffs'convenof lives included "increase"physically and inteltion held in Salt Lake City included a question as lectually and in effective relationship with his fellow to the reasons for so many young firsttimers in prison.

men and his Father in heaven. This simple program The sheriffs volunteered two reasons: (1) the young

of growth demonstrated its value and virtue in his men had never learned a "responsible attitude toward life, and could well be a model for the rest of humanothers, and (2) they had never had an opportunity to kind. take part in group activities under qualified adult

leadership. The young person who qualifies himself

to live in and contribute meaningfully to society needs

Physical Fitness the experience of organized group activity with the guidance of interested, dedicated adults; needs to

In emphasizing the interrelationhave personal counseling and care; needs to be led

ship of the various elements in the into opportunities for selfless service and participahuman makeup, it is not intended to tion. Problems with youth delinquency and gangsterminimize the importance of physical ism (and the contributions of adult negligency and

fitness but to give it proper place in the much broader misguidance and poor example to these circumstances) concept of total fitness. The significance of good must be considered in a program of total fitness. Men

health and physical wellbeing is understood by the must be fit to associate with their fellow men, as well

308 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA as to enjoy physical and intellectual competence. power to develop and be one's best self. There must

Two potentially wholesome elements contribute be understanding of the purposefulness of life, idealto the difficulty some of our young people have in ism and high standards and realization that happiness learning how to live happily with others: (1) the comcomes through living in conformity with them, and

petitive nature of the world they live in, and (2) the also appreciation that there is infinite opportunity for human need to be identified with others, to be like rejuvenation and growth when we have failed in some others. Whereas healthy competition can spur one of our noble possibilities or high purposes. Incento maximum effort, some erroneously begin to feel tive to proper preparation for life's performance, and

that life is like a foot race in which they are arrayed to enjoyment along the way, is also essential to this against all other human beings, and that they are element of fitness, and so are esthetic and cultural apunequally and unfairly equipped for the contest. As preciation, and a realistic understanding of and attiin the parable of the talents, some bury their abilities, tude toward difficulty, disappointment, failure, and

fearing to use them. At the other extreme, some death.

become arrogant because they seem to possess superior talents in comparison with others. In each

case, the nature of eternal reality is misunderstood. Spiritual Fitness

Before God and wise men each of us will be judged by the use we make of our own talents, and not by The Hawaiians have an interesting the talents others have or what use they make of motto: "Ua mau ke ea o ka aina i ka

them. No person can become socially fit who is pono": "The strength of the land is in

permitted or encouraged to believe that he will be righteousness."A leading protestant

judged forevermore by comparison to John or Robert, thinker recently noted that Americans are seeking for this is unfair to him and to John and Robert, health today in terms of the secular healer's vocabuand is a tragic mistake. lary—"integrated, welladjusted personalities,"but

Good citizenship is another aspect of social fitness, these ends, minus the great inner aim, conviction, with the greater concept of total fitness. Of its many testimony which true religion provides, are empty

elements, one needs to be especially noted. One of acquisitions. What we need is more than "bovine

America's leading sociologists has said that the greatadjustment"; the cow can well be adjusted to his

est threat to our destruction as a nation is not enemy circumstances. We need to be conscious of the existnuclear activity or political chicanery, or other like ence and nature of God and of our relationship with

problems, but is the socalled sexual "freedom"which him. We need to be conscious of eternal purpose; we

characterizes the actions of many Americans today. need moral strength.

History records the destruction of Greece, Rome, Dean Stanley Teele of Harvard's Graduate School

Egypt, Babylon, Persia, and other cultures through of Business spoke in a recent speech of three great "sexual decadence, widespread divorce, premarital quests: (1) to discover, utilize, and control our physical

adventuring, casual infidelities."Abraham Lincoln resources, (2) to develop men capable of handling

said that America was destined to live through all what is discovered, and (3) to search for "ultimate time or die by suicide, and others of his utterances values appropriate and satisfying to the human soul.

suggest that he may well have had in mind that the By ultimate values,"said Dean Teele, "I mean a man's selfdestruction might be accomplished through moral concepts of the relationship of the individual to decadence. others, to the universe, and to his God."Spiritual

Citizenship and social fitness, and indeed total fitness health is indispensable to total fitness.

are larger concepts than some of us have supposed.

The challenge to total fitness among our children and youth must be met by those in a position to meet

Mental and it—the responsible adults of the nation. The task is

Emotional Fitness in the hands of the home and school, the teacher and administrator and parent, the Church, the youth

Mental and emotional health are agency, the civic and governmental leaders. None of

indispensable to total fitness, and are the adults involved in these agencies and institutions closely related to all other aspects of can hope effectively to teach and lead toward total the personality. So wide a field of inquiry does this fitness unless they are themselves fit to teach. Prosubject offer of itself that this article may only hint grams of activity need to be developed which will

at the scope of it. It involves, certainly, knowledge inspire (1) more interest, attention, and intelligent

and acceptance of one's self and the desire and the action at home—home (Continued on page 354)

MAY 1958 309.. teach Primary? ME

by Rodney W. Fye

When I was first considered for a mission and it some friends, and the cigarets were passed around.

was mentioned to me that elders often had to teach It was wellknown among my friends that I did not

Primary, it was a most emphatic will not that I exsmoke, so the one last cigaret was placed in my shirt pressed to my family. It had been years since I was pocket to be claimed later by one of the party.

around small children, and I was anxious to be preImagine my embarrassment the following evening at served from such a fate as teaching them. The the home of the branch president when his small

thought of trying to tell the story of the restoration son climbed up on my lap, reached in my pocket, of the gospel to a sea of jumping, laughing, crying, and pulled out the cigaret!

squirming, giggling small fry was a thought I tried Now I was more than sure I wanted nothing further not to entertain. I had never attended a Primary to do with (1) Nebraska, (2) my former friends,

myself. (3) children, and (4) Primary, in that order. Just to

Almost as horrifying as this prospect was the fear clinch things, I prepared a little fivereason recitation that I might be called to Nebraska, where I had been to give to President Milton R. Hunter during my apraised among nonLDS relatives and friends. A pointment with him prior to my call. But he didn't

street meeting in my home town park would be more give me a chance.

than impossible! I was sure I would be called to "Do you want to go to the best mission in the world,

serve in some exciting, faroff, exotic place like Tonga young man?"he asked firmly, before we had even

or France or maybe South Africa—so sure, in fact, unclasped our handshake.

that I actually made a trip to Nebraska to bid farewell He had introduced the subject I wanted to talk to my friends and family there and to prepare them about, and I answered with an enthusiastic, "Yes, sir!"

for my dramatic threeyear separation from them. adding, "Which one is that?"and preparing to deliver

It was on this trip that I experienced the most acute my fivereason recitation.

embarrassment of my life. I had gone to dinner with "It is the one you are called to!"he said, closing

310 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the matter. And with that, I sat down for the interthe mission headquarters), pondered over the verses

view, my recitation dangling foolishly in the back of the song sung at my farewell, and wondered if it of my mind. were all a mistake—my going on a mission to a place

Several weeks later a soloist at my farewell sang I didn't want to go, so unwilling to do the things

Til Go Where You Want Me To Go, Dear Lord,"which might be expected of me.

with all its brave verses, and I went—to Nebraska, The second blow fell when I met my first comback to meet my relatives I had so recently kissed panion, the very soul of missionary example, and he

goodbye, back to meet the friends of my past. announced as he introduced himself that we were

En route, I looked out the window of the train to teach Primary the following day. What an expe-

(it was a short ride from Salt Lake City to Denver, rience—something of what ( Continued on page 357 )

by President Stephen L Richards MV MotnGr

If by paying tribute to my own mother I may particularly from innumerable manifestations of suggest a thought helpful to a later generation love, respect, and gratitude shown to her in of mothers, I shall be grateful indeed. later years by her younger brothers and sisters,

My own mother was born of pioneer parents that she responded nobly to the heavy duties in a pioneer village about ten years after the first which came to her so unexpectedly in her girlestablishment of Mormon communities in the hood.

valleys of the Rocky Mountains. She was the In the years that intervened between her

eldest child in her home, and as such carried a mother's passing and her marriage, she had major responsibility in the performance of home abundant opportunity to study and to learn the duties which were normally assigned to children art of homemaking, and she came to wifehood in the family life of her day. and motherhood with what I

As a girl she was given limited regard as unusual capacity for opportunity for education in the this sacred calling. I am aware

meager facilities available, but that many other noble women, her love for reading and learnparticularly of her time, were ing were stimulated principally possessed of high qualities of by her fatjier, who was an educharacter comparable to hers, cated man, a convert from but I trust that it will not seem

Britain, schooled in part for the indelicate for me to point out a ministry, and her mother also, few characteristics which served who cherished the ideal of reto distinguish her, to her family finement and culture which her at least, as a woman of superior family had brought from Engand outstanding capacity for land. She grew up in an atmosmotherhood and homemaking.

Emma Louisa S. Richards Like others, she endured adphere of regard and ambition

for things of beauty, for enlightenment of the versity without complaint, but in the face of mind, and for the refining influences of a polite adversity she never lost ambition both for herself, society. From my earliest boyhood I recall the her husband, and her children for the attainprimness and the dignity of her old country ment of the better things of life both material

kinsfolk, and their polite conversation. and spiritual. She gave herself completely to

A great sorrow came to her when she was a the support of her husband, who was a doctor girl of sixteen. Her mother died, leaving a in a time and an area where a physician's duties

sizable family of boys and girls, for whose care were most arduous, without hospitals, with reand guidance she was of necessity to assume a sponse to calls over muddy and tortuous roads major responsibility. I have reason to believe, at all hours of day {Continued on page 362)

MAY 1958 311 Richard P. Condie, Richard L.

Evans, and Alexander Schreiner ( above ) make last minute check of broadcast script before airtime.

(Below) Audio engineers Paul Evans, Richard Welch, and Ray Loveless adjust microphone levels with music during broadcast.

This month, for the 1500th consecutive week, millions of people will hear and enjoy the music of the

Tabernacle Choir and Organ as it is broadcast. Thousands each year attend these broadcasts in person

and thrill to the beauty of this famed halfhour program. However, very few of this enormous audience

are concerned about—or even aware of—the somewhat

complicated and always interesting procedure by which the sounds that originate in the Tabernacle are spread throughout the world.

The beginnings of each broadcast go back months, at which time Richard P. Condie, the director, selects

the numbers to be sung, and the organists, Alexander

Schreiner and Frank W. Asper, decide on the organ

selections. Clearance is obtained by Columbia Broadcasting Company for any music or arrangement that

is subject to copyright, and the numbers are placed on the choir's rehearsal agenda. Choir secretary

Mary Jack draws from the choir's huge library the numbers that are to be performed and places copies of each in the folder of each choir member. At the

same time, music recently performed is taken from the folders and returned to the files for later use or The Tabernacle reference.

Selections to be included in future longplaying records are agreed upon, arrangements negotiatedChoir Broadcast through Lester Hewlett, choir president, and Ivor

Sharp and W. Jay Wright, vice presidents of the

by Ralph D. Rytting Radio Service Corporation of Utah, with Columbia

Records, and the contents of new albums are recorded during the forthcoming rehearsals and broadcasts.

Over a period of approximately six weeks the numbers are learned or relearned, smoothed, perfected, and gradually brought up to the excellence that will prevail during the broadcast itself.

The Thursday evening rehearsal before each broadcast has a specific time allotted to those numbers which will be sung the {Continued on page 370)

Assistant conductor Jay Welch and conductor Richard P.

Condie are pleased with results as they evaluate recording in "control booth."

jMV Motll8r by President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

"So God created man in his own image, in the Father! Mother! The family! First, the diimage of God created he him; male and female vine duet, then the family symphony, for time

created he them."(Genesis 1:27.) So runs and all eternity.

sacred writ. Who fashioned the body of

Our own inspired poetess flesh and blood to which my wrote, in harmony with this dispirit came for that most previne truth: cious of all jewels, mortal existence,—my Mother.

"In the heavens are parents Who challenged the crisis of single? life or death that she might give

No; the thought makes reason birth and bestow upon me the

stare! unvalued gift of mortality,—my

Truth is reason, truth eternal Mother.

Tells me I've a mother there."Who gave the food that kept

—Eliza R. Snow life kindled, and nourished me

when body and mind were helpPriesthood and motherhood, Mary Louisa Woolley Clark less, powerless, through the long—complimentary, correlative, redays of infancy,—my Mother.

ciprocal! "Nevertheless, neither is the man withWho watched in my earliest years my every

out the woman, neither is the woman without move, who gauged my every breath, who the man, in the Lord."(I Cor. 11:11.) guarded my sleeping and waking moments to

So it was in the heavens before. So it is in forfend harm,—my Mother.

the creations of the earth. So it will be through Who worked and nursed, and prayed through

worlds without end. the long hours of {Continued on page 365)

by President Joseph Fielding Smith Like the LoVe Of God

When we realize the suffering row by turning from the precepts of a mother for her children, taught him at her side in childher continuous sacrifice and unhood? When he knows that she

selfish devotion, often to their has descended to the shadows injury if not wisely directed, of the valley of death that he then we are willing to acknowlmay have being, and that her edge the truth of this saying of pain and anguish have endeared

President Joseph F. Smith: him to her beyond the power

"I have learned to place a of mortal expression, surely he high estimate upon the love of will say, "The love of a rightmother. I have often said, and eous mother is the nearest thing

will repeat it, that the love of to the love of God."

a true mother comes nearer beThe question, "What would ing like the love of God than Julina Lambson Smith Mother say and how would she any other kind of love."feel if I yielded to wrongdoing?"

What man, if he understands his mother's has been one of the anchors that has helped to heart, can wilfully harrow up her soul in sorsave me from the storms and temptations in life.

MAY 1958 313 should be earnestly employed to give power and conviction to the message we bear.

Personality is the complete behavior of an individual. It includes habits, attitudes, purposes, impulses, ideals, and is expressed through the powerful

tools of the eyes, ears, voice, gestures, and even our general bearing. When these tools are properly

utilized in balance and harmony, they form a bulwark of power that staggers the mind of man. An

incident is recorded in the life of the Prophet Joseph

Smith in which he displayed the power of his great personality in defying the forces of evil which surrounded him in the Richmond Jail in Missouri. Parley

P. Pratt gives us a graphic description of the scene:

"In one of those tedious nights we had lain as if in sleep till the hour of midnight had passed. Our

ears and hearts had been pained while we had listened for hours to the > obscene jests, the horrid oaths, and the dreadful blasphemies and filthy language of our guards, Colonel Price at their head, as they recounted to each other their deeds of rapine, murder, robbery, etc., which they had committed among the Mormons

while at Far West and vicinity. They even boasted

virgins,The Power andof defilingof shootingby forceor dashingwives, outdaughters,the brainsand of men.

of the horrified,"I had listenedand so untilfilledI becamewith theso spiritdisgusted,of indignantshocked, justice that I could hardly refrain from rising upon my feet and rebuking the guards; but had said nothing to Joseph or anyone else, although I lay next toWhole him and knew he was awake. On a sudden he arose

to his feet, and spoke with a voice of thunder, or as a roaring lion, uttering as nearly as I can recollect, the following words:Personality "Silence, ye fiends of the infernal pit! In the

I rebuke you, and you commandin Teaching nameto be ofstill;JesusI willChristnot live another minute and hear

such language. Cease such talk or you or I die this

by C. Ward Despain instant!'

Principal, Coalville (Utah) Seminary "He ceased to speak. He stood erect in terrible

majesty. Chained, and without weapon; calm, unConducted by ruffled, and dignified as an angel. He looked upon

the Unified the quailing guards whose weapons were lowered

Church School System Or dropped to the ground, whose knees smote together, and who, shrinking into a corner, or crouching

When one's life is in peril, every weapon at his at his feet, begged his pardon, and remained quiet command is put to full use in the attempt for selftill a change of guards.

preservation. As teachers in Zion, our preparation in "I have seen the ministers of justice, clothed in

dealing with the "eternal lives"which daily come magisterial robes and criminals arraigned before them under our influence should be just as intent. The while life was suspended on a breath in the courts

"whole personality"with its divers avenues and facets of England; I have witnessed a congress in solemn

814 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA session to give laws to nations; I have tried to con- a manifestation of the Holy Ghost working through

ceive of kings, of royal courts, of thrones and crowns man. It has been said that God has a work to do

and of emperors assembled to decide the fate of kingupon the earth which can only be accomplished doms; but dignity and majesty have I seen but once, through the hands of his children. The Holy Spirit

as it stood in chains at midnight in a dungeon in an operates through the personality of man. As teachers

obscure village in Missouri."1 we should endeavor to develop our personalities so

There is no doubt in the mind of the Latterday as to give the Holy Spirit free access to all possible

Saint teacher that the above display of power was avenues of expression.

(See page 375 for footnotes.) Would it be conceiv- ( Continued on next page )

by President Levi Edgar Young My Mother

Ann Elizabeth Riter Young was of noble birth. nessing the departure of President Young and

She came of that old stock which gave America the first company for the West in April 1847, a deep foundation of the love for right. Levi began making preparations to join one of

The Riters were of German descent and, therethe companies planning to leave in June of the fore, one of their great characteristics was same year.

thoroughness. Grandfather Riter had an unOn June 3, 1847, at two o'clock on a rainy

usually analytic mind, a retentive memory, and a night, while Levi, his wife, and small son were notable knowledge of history. For a man of his camped on the banks of the Missouri River

day, he was exceptionally well read. When just outside Winter Quarters, their daughter Ann

he came across the plains in the fall of '47, lie Elizabeth was born. The mother and baby

brought with him Locke's Essay were kept warm and dry as they

On the Human Understanding. lay on straw covered with bufThis book became a treasure in falo robes in the wagon. The

the Riter family, and Mother, high qualities of the heart and with her brothers, became a mind of Rebecca Riter were great lover of Locke's Essay. known to the Lord, and they

In 1839 Elder Edwin D. Woolwere qualities which the baby,

ley, a Latterday Saint missionAnn Elizabeth, as well as all her ary, accompanied by other children, inherited.

missionaries, called at the home In a few days when the of the Riters and was invited mother was able to travel, the in to explain the gospel. As a Riters joined the company of

result of their visits, the Riters Saints under the command of were converted to Mormonism. Jedediah M. Grant, and were Ann Elizabeth Riter Young

Julian Moses baptized them in soon on their way to the Prom1846 and soon after they moved to Nauvoo, ised Land. Among them was Mary Jane Dilwhere they joined the Saints who were fleeing worth, a sister of Rebecca Riter, who had

across the Mississippi River and on to the Misopened a school for the children at Winter souri River through Iowa. Wintering with the Quarters. On their trek west she often carried

Saints at Winter Quarters, Levi Riter was orAnn Elizabeth in her apron as she walked along dained bishop of one of the wards. After witby the wagon. (Continued on page 342)

MAY 1958 315 (Continued) able to think that the guards could Gestures are desirable if meaningful in nature, but have been rebuked in such a positive and moving if used too often in a habitual manner, they do little manner if there had been no choice of words—or if but distract and cause restlessness. The effective

those words had been spoken in a faltering, awkward teacher is relaxed, calm, and free from tenseness but manner—or if Joseph's voice had not spoken out in carries an air of assurance. He is the teacher the

firm conviction? Could such power be expressed students desire to emulate.

through eyes that were cast upon the floor, afraid to The eye is a most valuable tool in teaching. Probmeet the gaze of the tormentors? Would identical ably no other device is quite so foolproof in determinwords even have attracted the guards attention had ing the effectiveness of our teaching. One glance will

Joseph sat upon the floor or leaned casually against tell whether the students are interested, happy, and the jail door on this occasion? No! His entire bearalert, or if they are bored, restless, or distracted. The

ing, the gesture of his outstretched hand, the souleyes lose their potential power if they are continualsearching view of his eyes, the strength and conviction ly cast upon the floor or ceiling or gazing into space.

of his voice, and the careful selection of words all Look the student straight in the eye. Demand his

combined to give dignity, majesty, and power as the full attention by meeting his gaze. The discernment

situation demanded. It is interesting to note, howof a tear in response to a spiritual experience; the eyes

ever, that Joseph is described as being "calm and undancing with excitement as a divine principle is unruffled"on this occasion, signifying that one need derstood—these observations bespeak dynamic teachnot display anger in order to put power and convicing and come only to those who view the soul through

tion into teaching. the eye windows.

The very elements that made Joseph Smith a leader The eyes can be useful in discipline. If a student

among men can be applied by the classroom teacher. is disturbing the class and the disturbance is peculiar

Let us make our work more effective by developing to him and not a general situation, stop in the middle positive personality traits. Let us remember that the of your discussion. Cast your eyes to the floor for

largest room in any educational institution is the a moment, connoting disappointment at the student's "room for improvement."actions. The whole atmosphere of the class will beThe quality of the teacher's voice will determine come charged with a note of disapproval of his actions.

the attitude and response of the pupils, the atmosThis group pressure brings him quickly into line.

phere of the classroom, as well as the tempo of its Personality is the mirror of the soul. Let it not be

activities. Every teacher should cultivate a wellsaid that "one of his little ones"lost his way because

modulated voice, pleasing in pitch and quality. If we as teachers failed to ultilize our "whole personality"

there seems to be an undertone or restlessness of no in touching his life. A declaration of a testimony of

particular origin, change pace by speaking in a low, the gospel is not sufficient to change a life. We must

quiet voice. Speak emphatically and distinctly, but combine it with an understanding of ourselves and

slowly enough, that all may hear each word—then of others if we are to merit the assistance of the Holy

watch the restlessness disappear. Ghost "which will lead us into all truth."

CAPSULED HEAVEN

by Fern J. B. Russon

A short halfhour of heaven is mine todayAnd when, as twilight murm'rings filled the air,

Small boy with cuddlerug climbs on my knees. Young amis clung tight, young eyes closed wearilyHis head cupped in my arm; we smile awhile; Tuned to the creaking of my mother's rocking chair

His fingers stroke my throat; and I find ease I crooned a simple, timeworn, homemade melody...

From tides of mustbe-dones. Then as I rest,

I sense a calm—longvanished with the years. Sweet treasured memories surge from a golden deep-

... It always came when, tied with endless trifles, Small boy, child of my own child, is asleep.

I paused to kiss a bruised toe, dry hot tears. Sh-h-h-h.

316 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Missionary Helps

Brigham

counselYoung's to elders

No instructions to missionaries could be more pertihearts, and be pure from the crown of your heads nent and timely than these given by President Brigto the soles of your feet, then live so every hour. Go

ham Young, August 28, 1852. They are as applicable in that manner, and in that manner labor, and return

today as they were then: again as clean as a piece of pure, white paper. This

"When I heard the brethren exhorting those who is the way to go, and if you do not do that, your are going on missions, I wished them to impress one hearts will ache.

thing upon the minds of the elders, for it is neces- "How can you do it? Is there a way? Yes! Do the

sary that it should be uppermost there, which may elders understand that way? They do. You cannot

be the means of preserving them from receiving stains keep your hands clean, and your hearts pure, without on their characters from which very probably they the help of the Lord; neither will he keep you pure

may never recover. without your own help. Will you be liable to fall

"If we get a blight on our character before the into temptation and be overtaken in sin? Yes, unless

Lord, or in other words, lose ground and backslide you live so as to have the revelation of Jesus Christ by transgression, or in any other way, so that we are continually, not only to live in it today, or while you not even with the brethren, as we are now, we never are preaching in a prayer meeting, or in a conference, can come up with them again. But this principle but when you are out of the meetings.

must be carried out by the elders wherever they go, "You must have the Holy Spirit all the time, on whatever they do, or wherever they are. Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, and eveiy day through

"One thing must be observed and be before them the week, and from year to year, from the time you all the time, in their meditations, and in their practise, leave home until you return, so that when you come and that is, clean hands and pure hearts, before God, back, you may not be afraid if the Lord Almighty angels, and men. If the elders cannot go with clean should come into the midst of the Saints and reveal

hands and pure hearts, they had better stay here, all the acts and doings and designs of your hearts in and wash a little longer; don't go thinking when you your missions, but be found clean like a piece of

arrive at the Missouri River, at the Mississippi, at the white paper: that is the way for the elders to live

Ohio, or at the Atlantic, that you will purify yourin their ministry at home and abroad."

selves, but start from here with clean hands and pure Era reprint from volume 15, page 869 (August 1912).

MAY 1958 317 '".,

Snow in "v May by Blanche Kendall McKey

"Just when I had planned my life so beautifully—

and this bombshell has to explode,"deplored Ruth.

"Be thankful that it did,"replied her sister, Irs.

"Thankful?"exclaimed Ruth. "Thankful for confusion? In all my life I've never had trouble making

up my mind. Now it's as wobbly as a child's. One

minute I think I'll marry Warren and the next I wish he had never come back."

"You're just tired, Ruthie."

"Maybe that's it,"said Ruth more calmly, "The doctor said I must take a rest. So I gave up my

nursery school—"

"It must have been an awful strain to take care of other people's children for twenty years,"cut in her sister.

"Or more,"said Ruth wryly, to hide a deeper emotion that could have flamed into an unreasonable resentment. Then she went on. "After Mother died

and you all left one at a time to set up homes of your own I grew tired of feeding the furnace and digging snow paths from October until May—"

As she said "May"she heard the slight break in her "For the first time I was going to read the books own voice and stooped suddenly to turn up the gas I had always wanted to read. I was going to see

logs. "Mercy, it's getting cold,"she shivered. some of the places that had always called me. I was

Iris stepped nearer to her. through listening to the neverending problems of

"I hope you don't think anyone is criticizing you mothers. I was going to be free. And then—and

for making this cozy little apartment out of Mother's then Warren comes."

great drafty living room and kitchen, and renting Iris was much younger and prettier than Ruth.

the rest of the house. We knew it was too much "I'm so glad he did,"she repeated; "Warren is one

for you."man in a hundred."

The warmth in her sister's voice invited confidence, She glanced at the clock and turned to her two and Ruth sat on the soft rug she had purchased less children sleeping on Ruth's opened couch.

than a week ago and gazed into the flame. "Are you sure, dear, that Anna and Bennie won't

318 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA bother you tonight? I don't absolutely need to go "I've been 'married'to a big house and a lot of

with Fred, you know."children for twenty years. I'm tired of both. And

"But I want them,"said Ruth sincerely. what do we know about Warren's way of life? I

She crossed to the couch and bent over the small imagine he spends most of his time in a hospital.

tranquil faces, tenderness relaxing the taut lines of That's why he needs me at home to take care of his her mouth. She looked older than her forty years children."She couldn't keep irony out of her voice.

with her large frame and the gray streak running "He might still love you,"ventured Iris.

back through her straight dark hair. She wasn't Ruth cast her eyes to the ceiling. "How idiotic can

exactly handsome, but she was striking in a reserved, a bright girl talk."

poised way. "He loved you once,"said Iris.

"You would fit perfectly into a doctor's world,"perRuth gazed at her sister with compelling eyes. "Not

sisted Iris, "with his home—and his way of life."really. We went through (Continued on page 340)

MAY 1958 319 Oscar A. Kirkham

will be long remembered as by Albert L. Zobell, Jr., Research Editor

President Oscar Ammon Kirkham, a member of the in fiftyfour daysElder Thomas E. McKay and Elder

First Council of the Seventy since October 1941, Adam S. Bennion preceding him.

a Boy Scout officer for almost as long as there have Death came to Elder Kirkham at about three been Boy Scouts, longtime worker in the MIA and o'clock Monday morning following a heart seizure.

in the cause of youth, passed away the morning of Although he had suffered a similar attack some

March 10, at his home in Salt Lake City. The months ago, he had returned to the busy routine of

seventyeight year old Churchman was the third memhis office, and was there Friday, March 7, the last ber of the General Authorities to be called by death day of the workweek.

:-;:.: a builder of Men

Youth was his element—and from that element he outings, now so popular throughout the Church.

happily built manhood. He inspired all who rememWhen released from the YMMIA general board in

bered that youth was once theirs. October 1948, he was the "dean of the board."

Elder Kirkham supported the Boy Scout program Although he claimed his greatest satisfaction had very early and was a member of the committee that been his high privilege of serving the youth of the had it adopted by the Church. He became a memChurch of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints and the

ber of the general board of the Young Men's Mutual youth of America, another call was in store for him.

Improvement Association on August 25, 1912. The In October 1941 he was sustained as a member of

next year, on May 2, 1913, the YMMIA Boy Scout the First Council of the Seventy, and for the remaincharter was received, making the Church the first ing nearly sixteen and a half years of his life he religious body to become officially affiliated with met with the Saints almost weekly in their stake and the Boy Scouts of America. Elder Kirkham was a mission conferences. Here youth continued to cluster

member of the first Scout committee. around him. Now, instead of teaching his wisdom

In April 1919 he was appointed Scout executive around the campfires in the great open spaces, he of the Salt Lake Council, Boy Scouts of America. In used another way which was certainly no stranger to

November 1925, he was made associate executive of him—the pulpit.

Region XII, consisting of Utah, Nevada, Arizona, CaliElder Kirkham was born in Lehi, Utah, January fornia, and the Hawaiian Islands. He later was a 22, 1880, the son of James K. and Martha Mercer

member of the national staff of the Boy Scouts. Kirkham. At seventeen years of age he entered

He attended six world Scout jamborees, six naBrigham Young Academy (now University) and was tional jamborees in the United States, and many graduated from that institution. He was president

sectional gatherings, serving as a morale officer. He of his class and later served twice as president of the

led sixty thousand Scouts at the New York World's BYU Alumni Association and as vicepresident of the

Fair in the Scout oath and the national anthem. He Emeritus Club. In 1946 he was given an honorary

was an honorary member of the Boy Scouts of France, Master of Arts degree by BYU.

Austria, and Greece, and was selected to present a He studied music in Germany from 1900 to 1903, bronze statuette of scouting to the queen of Holland also being set apart as a missionary to Germany, and in behalf of the American delegation. During the the elders who were serving in that land then still

World Jamboree in France in 1947, he was made fondly recall how a song from Elder Kirkham buoyed

Chief Wise Elk of the Blackfoot Indian Tribe and them up as they faced their labors. Later he studied

was also given the French Cross of Jerusalem. In at Columbia University, New York City.

March 1949 he was awarded the Silver Antelope for From 1903 to 1905 he taught music at Ricks Acadedistinguished service to boyhood. In January 1953 my (now College), Rexburg, Idaho.

he was given the Silver Beaver "for outstanding servIn the meantime, on May 25, 1904, he had married ice to boys and to those who love them—at home, all Ida Murdock in the Salt Lake Temple. Eight children

over America, and on foreign shores."blessed that home: Mrs. George Y. (Carol) Jarvis,

He held personal recognition from Lord Robert Mrs. Leslie (Grace) Burbidge, Rock M., Norman,

Stephenson Smyth BadenPowell, the founder of Mark, Ned, Mrs. Wade H. (Katherine) Andrews, and

scouting, and also from other world leaders. Mrs. David S. (Jane) Bassler, Jr. All are college graduTruly, Elder Kirkham's stature as a leader of boys ates; five have filled missions. Twenty grandchildren

—a maker of men, was international in scope. and two greatgrandchildren are numbered among

In 1919 Brother Kirkham became field secretary Elder Kirkham's posterity.

of the YMMIA and later served as executive secretary of this auxiliary. He introduced and gave imFuneral services were held in the Assembly Hall on

portant leadership to the plan of fathers'and sons'Temple Square, March 13.

MAY 1958 321

MIA Reading Course: XXIII

Jesus visits his "other sheep 11

by Doyle L. Green, Managing Editor

It must have been a select group of Nephites who burn."It was the voice of their Father in heaven.

gathered about the temple in America's land BountiBut the multitude did not understand the voice and ful that morning in 34 A.D. They had survived looked wonderingly about them. A second time it

the greatest storm in Nephite history, a storm so came and still they understood not. Now they listerrible that within the space of three hours many tened more intently and looked in the direction from

of their great cities had been burned, swallowed by which the words had come, and the third time they the sea, or buried by tossing, tumbling earth. The understood them:

ground had shaken violently, and lightnings, thunder- "Behold my Beloved Son, in whom I am well in gs, and whirlwinds such as this people had never pleased, in whom I have glorified my name—hear ye

seen had surrounded them. With others who surhim."

vived, this multitude about the temple had seen slain As the multitude gazed upward they saw a Man most of the inhabitants of the land, including friends descending, clothed in white. He came down and

and loved ones. stood in their midst. In spite of all they had recently

Such destruction could mean only one thing to those seen and heard, even the voice of the Father introwho had listened to the words of the prophets: Jesus ducing his Son to them, these people, like their

Christ, the Son of God, had been crucified in Jerubrethren in Jerusalem, were slow to understand. All

salem, the city from which Father Lehi had fled eyes were upon the stranger, and none dared speak, more than six hundred years ago because the wicked for they knew not what all this meant and "thought sought his life for preaching Christ would come. it was an angel that had appeared unto them."

The multitude at the temple had also, in the three Then Jesus stretched forth his hand, saying. "Bedays of oppressive darkness following the storm, hold, I am Jesus Christ, whom the prophets testified

heard the voice of Jesus Christ resound over all the shall come into the world.

land, rebuking them for their sins, telling them that "And behold, I am the light and the life of the they had been spared because they were the "more world; and I have drunk out of that bitter cup which

righteous,"and that they might yet be saved if they the Father hath given me, and have glorified the would repent. Their mourning had "turned into joy Father in taking upon me the sins of the world, in the

and their lamentations into praise and thanksgiving."which I have suffered the will of the Father in all

How many weeks had passed since these events the things from the beginning."

scriptures do not tell us, but so momentous were the Doubt and fear fled and the multitude fell to the changes in the land that there was much to talk earth, remembering at last that they had been told about. The gathering multitude spoke of this Christ Christ would show himself unto them after his ascenof whom so many signs had been given, marveling sion in Jerusalem. They looked upon the Lord;

and wondering at all that had happened. They were they heard him speak; and now they were to touch

thus conversing when suddenly they heard a voice. him also, for he told them to arise and come forward.

Talking must have ceased, for although it was "not "One by one"the assembled twentyfive hundred men, a harsh voice, neither was it a loud voice,"it pierced women, and children thrust their hands into Jesus'their hearts "insomuch that there was no part of their side, felt the prints of the nails in his hands, and bore frame that it did not cause to quake; yea it did pierce witness that he was indeed the Son of God.

them to the very soul, and did cause their hearts to (See page 375 for footnotes.)

"The Christ"from a painting by Heinrich Hofmann

MAY 1958 323 This visit of the Lord to America resembled his Bealizing that Jesus had so recently left their ministry in Jerusalem in many ways, for he taught the brethren of the House of Israel, the Jews, these same gospel, gave his authority, and called twelve Nephites must have shown great interest in them.

men to head his church. But there were differences, Jesus again and again spoke to the multitude about

too. Now Jesus was a resurrected, glorified Being the Jews and perceived in his listeners a desire to be

among mortals, rather than a man whom the wicked taught and be blessed as the Jews had been. He

or indifferent could mistake for an impostor. In told the Nephites that because of iniquity and unAmerica Jesus was to teach for three days, instead belief, their brethren in Jerusalem had misunderstood

of three years as in Palestine. Although containing the only words the Lord had spoken to them about

"less than a hundredth part of all Jesus taught"in the Nephite nation. We remember that Jesus told

this short period, the Book of Mormon account briefly the Jews he had "other sheep,"whom he would visit, sketched here is abundant in detail and gives a feeland that the Jews assumed he meant the Gentiles.

ing of completeness. In it are spiritual happenings Now, to these faithful disciples, Jesus explained,

unsurpassed, perhaps unequaled, in scripture. "... ye are they of whom I said: Other sheep I have

In the crowd of people thronged about Jesus was which are not of this fold; them also I must bring,

the prophet Nephi to whom Christ had spoken more and they shall hear my voice, and there shall be one than thirtythree years earlier on the day before he fold, and one shepherd."

was to be born in Jerusalem. Nephi had been valiant Jesus further told the Nephites that there were still

as keeper of the Nephite records and in declaring other branches of the House of Israel whom he would

Christ had come into the world. Now Jesus asked visit, fulfilling his promise to his covenant people

him to come forward, and as Nephi did so he fell at that he would personally visit them.

the Savior's feet and kissed them. As Jesus talked, he saw that the people were tired

Bidding him arise, Jesus gave to Nephi power to and unable to grasp all his words. Although he had

baptize all who would believe and repent. Then, as much more to say to them, he told them to go home

in the Old World, Jesus called eleven others forwardand "ponder upon the things which I have said, and

Timothy, Jonas, Mathoni, Mathonihah, Kumen, ask the Father, in my name, that ye may understand,

Kumenonhi, Jeremiah, Shemnon, Jonas, Zedekiah, and and prepare your minds for the morrow, and I come

Isaiah—to whom he gave the same power. Although unto you again."

Jesus did not call these men apostles, he seems to But the multitude did not move. It is easy to

have given them a calling and authority similar to imagine their reluctance to leave the Lord, and they that he conferred on the Twelve in Palestine, and the looked steadfastly upon him, as if asking him to tarry

Book of Mormon makes clear that these men were a little longer. Jesus was filled with compassion.

the foundation of the church of Christ in America. "Have ye any that are sick among you?"he asked.

Nephi, as Peter in Jerusalem, apparently was chief "Bring them hither. Have ye any that are lame, or

among them. blind, or halt, or maimed, or leprous, or that are

withered, or that are deaf, or that are afflicted in any

To these twelve disciples Jesus gave not only the manner? Bring them hither and I will heal them,..."

commission to baptize, but the method and fixed This Jesus did. Is it any wonder that afterward as

prayer as well, instructing them to call the believer many as could crowd about him fell at his feet, bathby name, and say, "Having authority given me of ing them with their tears?

Jesus Christ, I baptize you in the name of the Father, No more touching or beautiful incident is found in and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. scripture than that which next took place. After

"And then shall ye immerse them in the water,"said commanding that all little children be brought, Jesus

Jesus, "and come forth again out of the water."knelt with the multitude and uttered great and marThe Beatitudes, the Lord's Prayer—in fact, the velous things such that "no tongue can speak, neither

entire Sermon on the Mount as related by Matthew, can there be written by any man, neither can the with a few significant variations—Jesus then gave to hearts of men conceive."The multitude was overthe multitude. come; "no one can conceive,"says the account, "of

These people, as the Jews, had been living the Law the joy which filled our souls at the time we heard of Moses, and were therefore perplexed at some of him pray for us unto the Father."

the new teachings. Jesus explained that with his "And now behold, my joy is full,"said Jesus, and

death and resurrection the law of Moses was fulfilled. as he said these words, he wept. He took the chil-

"Behold, I am the law, and the light,"he said, comdren one by one and blessed them and prayed to the manding them to live from then on the new law Father for them. "And when he had done this, he

which he had come to give them. wept again,"saying, "Behold your little ones."As

324 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mothers and fathers looked on, they saw the heavens partake of it who were unworthy.

open and angels descend, and encircle and minister Our Lord's final act before ascending to his Father unto their children. was to touch each of the twelve disciples, giving them

Two significant, fundamental ordinances of the power to confer the Holy Ghost. As he finished a

gospel concluded this first day. With simplicity such cloud overshadowed the multitude, so that none but

as had characterized the Last Supper in Jerusalem, the twelve chosen men saw their Savior rise into

Jesus instituted the Sacrament among the Nephites, the heavens.

breaking bread and blessing it, and saying as he gave It was not yet dark when the multitude returned it to the twelve and then to the multitude, "And this to their homes, and they immediately began spreading shall ye do in remembrance of my body, which I the glorious news that they had seen Jesus, that he have shown unto you. And it shall be a testimony had ministered unto them, and that he would come

unto the Father that ye do always remember me. again tomorrow. It was a sleepless night for many

And if ye do always remember me ye shall have my who pondered the Savior's words, who "noised

Spirit to be with you."abroad"his coming, and who traveled all night that

Then Jesus blessed and passed the wine, again with they "might be on the morrow where Jesus should a promise similar to the Sacrament prayer revealed show himself."

for our day. He cautioned afterward that the SacraSuch great numbers gathered the next morning that

ment was a holy ordinance and that none were to the disciples separated (Continued on page 356)

by Presiding Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin MV MotHsr

"And again, inasmuch as parents have chiland talked to them when a boy fourteen years dren in Zion, or in any of her stakes which are of age. We knew from her teaching that our

organized, that teach them not to understand Prophet saw other heavenly messengers: Moroni,

the doctrine of repentance, faith in Christ the John the Baptist, Peter, James, John, Moses, and

Son of the living God, and of baptism and the Elijah and that through them the Church of gift of the Holy Ghost by the laying on of the Jesus Christ was restored to the earth.

hands, when eight years old, My mother was born April the sin be upon the heads of the 19, 1867, in Hull, England. Her

parents. father was John Blakey Ilill-

"And their children shall be stead; her mother, Charlotte

baptized for the remission of Gray. They belonged to the

their sins when eight years old, Methodist Church and were and receive the laying on of the faithful, Godfearing people. My

hands. mother's father was anxious to

"And they shall also teach find the true church of Jesus their children to pray, and to Christ. He prayed fervently

walk uprightly before the Lord."that this desire should be real-

(D & C 68:25, 2728.) ized. One Saturday night he

My heart is filled with gratidreamed he saw a little church tude to my angel mother for Emma Ilillstead Wirthlin on a street not far from his following the counsel of the home, with two men preaching above revelation in teaching me the doctrines the gospel. He was so impressed by the dream

of repentance, faith, baptism, and the gift of that the next morning, Sunday, he dressed, the Holy Ghost. She taught me the power and went down the street, entered the Church he

blessing of prayer; of the actual existence of the had seen in his dream, and met the two Mormon

Father and the Son, and that Joseph Smith saw missionaries who (Continued on page 372)

MAY 1958 325 Leadership Development

the

the ratio of "motive power"to the maximum load to

Motivation is the power by which which it is applied. Success therefore depends upon

we may overcome what is probably our ability to strengthen the right impulses and drives both in ourselves and in others.

the strongest negative influence But there must first be "motive power"if there is in nature* and that is "inertia."to be accomplishment. We use steam, electricity,

gasoline, or atomic energy to give "motive power"to machines. In about the same way we use stimuWe can often be more effective in our work if we lating ideas, natural instincts, inner drives, and dethink of our ability in terms of its parts. That is, if sires to produce "motive power"in ourselves.

we were going to manufacture or repair an automoIt is an unchanging law that "a cause"must prebile, we would not think of the automobile as just cede every "effect"In occupational undertakings one thing, but as a collection of many parts working much time and money have been expended trying to together. Each part must be made effective before determine what makes

the whole can function properly. It is the same with people respond as they

developing ability for leadership. Our total ability do. Under certain conis made up of many smaller abilities. As we perfect ditions men work with

the segments, we improve the whole. great power and enLife itself is made up of parts. There are the thusiasm, and at other

physical, mental, spiritual, and social departments of times effort drops to a

Achievementlife. It and minimum. factors that individual determine is the

ebbs and flows education, health, heredity,control our environment, between fort... dropsat otherto a minimumtimes efand financial ability. these two extremes. The

Every whole is made up of factors. An engineer most successful leader is the one who can build up

speaks of the "safety factor,"meaning the ratio of these motives and drives and then maintain them at maximum strength to the probable maximum load. their highest level, both in himself and in others.

A "factor"is an element or constituent part that conGenerally people will work very hard for money, tributes toward making something what it is. Our but they will work harder to please someone they

leadership ability is also composed of factors. If love, and they will work even harder for a "cause"

we overlook or fail to develop one of the important in which they ardently believe. "Pride of accomp-

"elements,"we may find that our leadership falls flat, lishment"is a powerful motive. People also work for

like a cake when the baking powder is omitted. comfort, security, prestige, a desire to excel, or the

One of the very important factors involved in privilege to serve. Amateur athletes can often be

leadership ability is the "M factor."That is the allbrought to work at the very limit of their ability. The

important "motive factor."The dictionary describes "motive"in one may be a desire to excel; another

motive as "an inner drive,""an impulse,""a stimulatworks for approval; another wants to "win"for the

ing idea,"or "intention"that causes a person to act. school. One of the greatest of the "M factors"comes

When these drives or intentions are absent or reduced from the consciousness of a great skill. We always

in power, our bulk becomes too unwieldy for that love to do the things that we do exceedingly well.

which animates it. Accomplishment depends upon Everyone likes to play on a winning team.

326 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in leadership developmentactors by Sterling W. Sill, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

The best coach or the most successful business or tive."The detective takes the "result"and works

church leader is usually the one who can identify and backward to find the motive. If the motive can be

most effectively develop and harness these "M facdetermined, the criminal can usually be identified.

tors."These can be increased in people; that is, the On the other hand, the science of leadership is the

fires in human hearts can be made to burn more science of crime detection in reverse. To reach acbrightly, and when there is an increase in "motive complishment we start with a motive and work forpower"there is bound to be an increase in accomward to a result. If the right motives can be estabplishment. Therefore, success in the great science of lished and sufficiently stimulated, almost any result

leadership centers around the "M factors."A great can be guaranteed.

salesman finds out what the prospect's wants and Consciously or unconsciously everyone is dependent needs are, and then he builds his stimulation around upon his motives for accomplishment. Motivation

them. That is also true with every other accomplishis the power by which we overcome what is probably

ment; for example, until 1926, no woman had ever the strongest negative influence in nature, inertia.

swum the English Channel, and an American automoEverything tends to remain "at rest."The stone

bile company offered a red Buick convertible and lies inert upon the mountainside for a thousand years.

$2500 in cash to the first woman who would swim The dictionary says that to be "inert"is to lack the the channel. A nineteenyear-old American girl by inherent power to move. To break this influence

the name of Gertrude Ederle wanted an automobile. requires extra power; for example, it takes six times

Several of her other "M factors"were also appealed as much energy to set a flywheel in motion as it does to. I suppose that no one really knows very much to keep it going once momentum has been established.

about "motivation"until he has a nineteenyear-old Powerful low gears are put in automobiles to overson or daughter who wants an automobile. Gertrude come the dead weight of inertia, and "motives"are

Ederle decided to swim the English Channel. given to human personality for the same reason. The

When she had gone only a part of the distance minds and spirits of people usually remain "inert"across this twentyone miles of choppy, icy water, until motivating forces set them in motion.

her strength was exhausted, and she felt that she "To motivate"is to provide one's self or someone could not swim another stroke. While she was lying else with a "mothere, waiting to be taken out of the water, the image tive"strong enough

of this red Buick convertible and all that it meant to get action.

passed through her mind, and she thought of all the Church leadership things that had originally "motivated"her ambition. can help people

As these powerful "drives"again passed through her develop the mo-... red Buick convertible

brain cells, they created in her a great new surge of tives that will overpassed through her mind.

strength, and she never stopped again until she felt come their natural under her feet the solid earth of the other shore. inertia and bring

It is a natural law that a firmly held motive can to them the greatest success and happiness. One of

multiply our strength many times. Analyze your our greatest privileges is that we may choose the moown successes and failures and see how unfailingly tives that will determine. our own success.

they are determined by your motives. The first step in motivation is to find out what

The science of crime detection is built around "mois holding us back. {Continued on page 348)

MAY 1958 327 Melchizedek Priesthood

Here are the answers you wanted

Questions frequently asked the general priesthood (1) See that all quorums and groups have compecommittee, together with the committee's answers, tent class instructors and that the prescribed follow: study course is carried forward.

1. What are the functions of the stake Melchizedek 2. What are the responsibilities of a quorum presiPriesthood committee? dency?

(a) Meet at least monthly and oftener when ( a ) Become acquainted with the character, qualinecessary in order to consider the affairs of fications, and attitudes of all quorum memthe quorums or units of the stake. bers.

(b) Help train quorum officers in their duties (b) Make personal calls on each quorum member so they may become effective in their leaderat least once a year and oftener when necesship. sary.

(c) Keep the stake presidency advised so quo- (c) Foster and encourage stake and foreign misrums are kept fully organized. sionary service.

(d) Conduct departments of the monthly stake (d) Promote temple work.

priesthood meetings. (e) Keep in constant touch with all members liv-

(e) Supervise an educational program against the ing away from home.

use of liquor and tobacco. (f) Provide adequate class instructors.

(f) Visit quorum and group meetings at least (g) Teach quorum members how priesthood quarterly. The entire committee need not ordinances should be performed.

go together on these visits. They may be (h) Hold a regular presidency council meeting

made separately. These visits are important each week. Available at these meetings

in order to give quorums such assistance as should be records of attendance and activity they may be in need of. of quorum and group members. White ac-

(g) Receive and audit quorum reports. tivity cards or a summary thereof should be

(h) Make summary of monthly quorum reports available so presidencies can readily see the and send stake reports to general priesthood activity of each member.

committee. (i) Have a live program for keeping each quo-

(i) Receive and audit annual confidential Melrum member active or reactivating those who chizedek Priesthood reports and forward are not now active.

summary to the general priesthood com- (j) See that the quorum committees function mittee. and that members are given assignments to

(j) Audit quorum accounts when a new presiassist in various responsibilities of the quodent is installed. rum.

(k) See that each quorum has a live program for 3. What is the minimum number required for the

keeping members active and reactivating organization of an elders quorum?

those who are not now active. An elders quorum should have 96 members or a

328 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

majority thereof. It should not be organized with To assist the quorum presidency in the discharge

less than 49 members. Where quorums fall below of its duties. (Pages 3137, Melchizedek Priesthood

this minimum number and there is no prospect of Handbook.

increasing the membership to the required number, 9. How often should the three standing quorum comthe stake should disorganize the quorum and make mittees meet?

it a group belonging to the nearest quorum. As often as necessary but at least once a month.

4. When may a unit be organized? Quorum presidencies should also meet with the

Where there are not enough elders or seventies in standing committees frequently to give such instruc- a stake to organize a quorum, then a unit may be tion and assistance as may be necessary and to keep organized with the number available; for instance, if informed on the progress made and work done.

there are only 25 seventies in the entire stake, a unit 10. Who may be given credit for attendance at

should be organized until there are at least 36 sevenweekly priesthood meetings or other church assignties, which would permit a quorum. ments at that hour, as called for in question #2 of

5. Are certificates of graduation available for memthe monthly Melchizedek Priesthood report?

bers of the Melchizedek Priesthood who complete one Only those who are actually in attendance or are of the schools? on another church assignment at that hour. This

The general priesthood committee does not furnish would not include missionaries and other quorum certificates for the graduation of members completing members living away from home. It is true missionthe Melchizedek Priesthood schools. aries may be attending to other church duties at the

6. Who should be the chairman of the quorum standhour of the priesthood meeting, but there are many

ing committees? servicemen and others away from home who also

The president of the quorum should be the chairattend meetings at every opportunity, but we do not man of the personal welfare committee. One of his have the information on this, and it is therefore felt

counselors should be chairman of the Church service the record should be kept only of those living at committee and the other counselor chairman of the home. In figuring the percentages for attendance at

reporting committee. Presidents of seventies should these meetings the number of members living away

serve as committee chairmen. from home should not be deducted from the number

7. How many members should be on the standing enrolled, but percentages should be based on the

committees? full enrolment even though some are living away

It is well to have as many members on the commitfrom home.

tee as may be needed. There is no maximum number The use of percentages to show activity is very deand it gives an opportunity to use as many of the sirable for determining trends. It should be rememmembers as possible. bered, however, that the individual is of first im-

8. What are the functions of the quorum standing portance.

committees? ( To be concluded next month. )

MAY 1958 329 Second of the Series So That's What Boys Are Made Of

The age of

... no reason

by W. Cleon Skousen

Chief of Police, Salt Lake City

At first the title to this article may appear dewhy this period of 1-3 is called, "The Age of No ceiving. In fact, if it is read by a set of brandnew Reason."

parents whose firstborn is only about three months old, they may decide it is downright insulting. The Miracle of a Baby

"What do they mean, 'The Age of No Reason?

Why, Junior is the most wonderful, obedient, reaMeanwhile, it will help if we try to find out just sonable, and intelligent little fellow you ever saw!"what "our"baby is. To do this we need to start from

And if the baby could analyze the situation and the beginning. People keep saying our baby is "a

talk, he would probably chime in, "You bet. I conew little life come into the world,"but we ask ouroperate!"On the side, however, he might slyly admit selves, "What is Life?"Scientists have grappled with a

that actually his parents never actually ask him to hundred different definitions, but all of them are too do anything "reasonable."They just ask him to do simple. Scientists continue discovering that life is

what he was going to do anyway. He eats when he's bigger than all of them. Yet consider Herbert Spenhungry, goes to sleep when he's sleepy, smiles when cer's "simple"definition: he said life is "the definite

he's smiled at ( or is tickled under the chin ), yells when combination of hetrogeneous changes, both simulhe's wet, and coos and chortles in appreciation after taneous and successive, in correspondence with exhe's bathed or changed. From his own private point ternal coexistence and sequences!"

of view he is really living it up—getting what he wants, "Are babies that complicated?"we ask the doctor.

when he wants it, and in the delicious, desirable quan- "Yes,"he may reply, "that's what makes them so tities he wants. In fact, ever since he got over the exciting."

first few weeks of colic, he has been living the life "Well,"we say, "let's not worry about that for now.

of Riley. Just tell us how babies are made."

This, of course, is precisely as it should be. During At that point the doctor may decide to drop anthe early months of a normal baby's life the brain other intellectual bombshell on us by sharing a prorecords all the pleasant and comforting experiences fessional secret: "Scientists have never yet been able

of being loved, entertained, talked to, cuddled, and to discover how babies are made."

cared for, making him feel welcomed and wanted. He quickly explains that we know what happens

Later on, it becomes necessary for the parents to but not how. We know that a baby starts out as a

get the message through to Junior's little brain that tiny single cell, but from then on the process of making life is full of "duties"and "habits"and "consideration a human being is almost unbelievable.

for others."It is then that new mothers and fathers As Dr. Alexis Carrel points out in his book, Man,

pass through the valley of shadow and bewilderment the Unknown, each human cell behaves as if it had to learn through longsuffering and patient endurance the same kind of intelligence we have. Each cell

330 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 0i0mmWWmNfe around it, all structural and functional processes are directed toward repair. Tissues become

what they have to be in order to accomplish the common task.

For example, a shred of muscle... metamorphoses into cartilage.

I ilia... Each tissue is capable of

responding to the unpredictable future, to all physiochemical or chemical changes... in a manner consistent with the interests

of the whole body."(Pp. 200201.)

A doctor knows that the development of a baby reflects the most ingenious kind of skilful engineering and intelligent design. That is why he may say to

us, "A baby is literally a gift of

God!"

The Beginning of Human Behavior Twentyone days after the tiny single cell begins to become follows a predetermined plan and anticipates condi- a human being, it will have developed the small buds tions not yet in existence. It seems to have the amazwhich are to become arms and legs. It will also

ing capacity to recognize changing conditions and have developed a simple heart structure and within adapt itself to them. It will even change the very ten more days that little heart will begin to beat.

nature of its being to meet an emergency. It has By the end of sixty days the trunk of the tiny body

what appears to be a social sense; at least its adaptais only one inch long, but all of the features of the

tions are obviously intended to fit the integrated face are discernible—nose, mouth, and ears.

needs of the entire body, not just its own. After ninety days the baby is three inches long

The amazing process of intelligent cellular developand has all the basic characteristics of the race. His

ment is described by Dr. Carrel in connection with brain has pushed nerve fibers down through the arms

the creation of an organ such as an eye or the heart: and legs. The reflex portion of the brain sets the

"An organ... is not made of extraneous material, hands to opening and closing rhythmically. Human

like a house.... But it is born from a cell, as if the behavior has begun.

house originated from one brick, a magic brick that By this time the fingers and toes have developed would set about manufacturing other bricks. Those nails and shortly thereafter even the chest expands

bricks, without waiting for the architect's drawing or and contracts as though the brain were practicing the coming of the bricklayers, would assemble themand testing the reflex breathing apparatus which will selves and form the walls. They would also metago into action immediately after birth.

morphose into windowpanes, roofingslates, coal for During the gestation period there is no connection heating, and water for the kitchen and the bathroom. between the nervous system of the mother and the

An organ develops by means such as those attributed baby. The circulatory system is also completely

to fairies.... It is engendered by cells, which to all independent. Fortunately, therefore, whatever the

appearances, have a knowledge of the future edifice."mother sees or feels has very little effect, if any, on

(Pp. 107108.) the baby.

Not only is the human body selfdeveloping, but it After four and onehalf months the baby has is also selfprotecting and selfregenerating. When reached the halfway mark. He is now six inches long

catastrophe strikes, the body cells do not behave like and weighs six ounces. His brain can now make the

dead bricks. Dr. Carrel describes what happens body move around a little and force the arms and

when a bone is broken: "At the seat of the fracture and legs to thresh about. A doctor can now detect the

332 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA heartbeat, and the mother is aware of the baby's the scene—especially strangers who want to "coochyshifting positions. coo"him and lisp baby talk. If they give him half

After the sixth month the baby is some twelve a chance, he will warm up after he has given them inches long and weighs about a pound and-a-half. He a security check.

can move the muscles of his face and can even hiccup By the time he is nine months old he is a "sitter,"and sneeze. he has a few teeth and likes to play games like pattyThree months later he is ready to be born. The cake and peekaboo. His back muscles finally support

weight is usually from six to seven pounds, and him when he tries to sit up by himself or tries to the body is approximately nineteen inches long. The roll around on the bed (even off it, which is accidentalkidneys and intestines are functioning. The heart ly possible almost from the day he is brought home

and lungs are strong, and the baby's sucking instinct from the hospital). His hands now have the mechaniis sufficient to cause some babies to suck their thumbs cal power to grasp things and pass them from one

even before they are born. hand to the other. He jabbers a lot and pleases his

Now the baby is ready to go through the crisis of doting parents no end by lisping "mama"and "dada."

his existence as he moves from the quiet, dark, and When he finally reaches his first birthday, he can silent world of gestation into the bright, noisy, threatlook back on a year of furious achievement. He should

ening world of earth life. His successful arrival is have more than doubled his weight. His brain has incause for jubilant celebration by his parents and all creased about 30 percent in weight, and he is not

his relatives, but in his own personal history the nearly as helpless as he was when he first arrived. He

supreme achievements of mere survival becomes the can now say several words, and he can understand most monumental victory of his entire lifetime. simple commands. He recognizes the signals in different tones of the human voice. His leg muscles have

Portrait of the First Year developed until he literally aches to get up on his

The first and probably the most important lesson feet. He bounces up and down on his mother's lap

for new parents to learn is that when they get their and pulls himself up by the bars of his play pen.

baby he is not all there. It will take approximately Furthermore, he's a scooter. Sometimes he uses the

twentyfour years to build him into what he is supposterior slide, sometimes the crab crawl, but he posed to be. Meanwhile, he will be lacking in vast moves.

quantities of nerve and brain tissue and many pounds He also samples eveiything he picks up—rug fuzz,

of muscle and bone. It will also take many years to bits of paper, mousetraps, dropped food, sticks, and

coordinate what he does have. Some of his glands dirt. While having his diaper changed he can hold

will remain idle until he is twothirds grown. It is still without having to be given a toy for entertainthe lack of all these things which makes Junior behave ment. He has been watching "people"lately, likes

like a baby instead of an adult. He is not a miniature to see what they are going to do next.

adult who just needs to "learn things."At the moThe parents may not know it, but the honeymoon is

ment his lack of physical equipment makes it impospractically over. Junior is now about ready to move

sible for him to learn many things. That is why he into the happy hunting grounds of a harumscarum

will not begin to behave like a grownup until he has twoyear-old.

those things that a welladjusted grownup needs to work with. Portrait of a TwoYear-Old

The muscle development of a newborn baby begins The highlights in the career of a twoyear-old are at the top and works down. By the age of three mobility and independence. During the second year

months he has usually gained control over the twelve he can walk and eventually run. This means he can

tiny muscles which direct his eyes. Thereafter he also climb. He uses chairs and opens drawers to

can recognize his mother for sure. He watches her reach cupboards, medicine chests, and closet shelves.

intently as she talks to him, and when she smiles, he He has a fascination for loaded guns, rat poison, high smiles back. He can coo when he feels contented powered medicines, and many other things adults

and whimper when he is bored. must now get out of the way.

By the age of six months the muscles in his neck By the time he is eighteen months he can say a and shoulders are developed sufficiently to support few things, and by the time he is two he can conjure his rolypoly head. The nerves and muscles in his up a few simple sentences. He now enjoys tremenarms are also rapidly developing so that when he dous capacity for perception. He can distinguish a

wants something he can reach for it. He recognizes dog's bark that his parents may not even notice. He

the different members of the family and sometimes can tell which piece of cake is the biggest. He likes

feels alarmed when strangers suddenly appear on the red truck better than the blue one. He can disMAY 1958 333

tinguish different weights and shapes. monopolized as part of his own exclusive domain.

This is the beginning of storytelling time. He likes Each item is to be tried, tested, tasted, and, where

"The Three Bears"and loves to have parents tell him possible, destroyed. (How else can you test things?)

about "when he was a little baby."Occasionally young parents resolve that Junior is

He is getting to be a big boy by the time he is two. just going to have to learn to fit in with a nicely

He is around 33 inches in height and pushes the scales decorated, wellrun house. "He just has to be taught

up to approximately 27 pounds. We notice that he how to treat nice things,"they decide. However,

sometimes rushes in with the breathless announcement parents usually give this up after their third bottle that he must go to the bathroom. This is a welcomed of tranquilizers. Some night as they go through the

development for his mother, but she must not expect house surveying the highly expressionistic crayon this control to be complete for some months yet. She drawings on the wallpaper, the sagging "lifetime"

will notice how he likes to hear her enthusiastic apfurniture, the little marks, scars, and stains that defy proval when he wakes up dry, but he must not be removal, they recall the wisdom of their pediatrician:

told that he is "naughty"in case he happens to be wet. "Don't surround a child with things he lacks the

He still sucks his thumb, but the doctor says we capacity to understand and protect. Furnish the

don't worry about that any more because scientists house so the baby can enjoy it, and so you can enjoy have found out that thumb sucking is a natural instinct the baby!"

rather than a bad habit. It will pass in due time.

The doctor assures us that unless Junior's thumb After Two Comes the Dictatorship sucking becomes excessively prolonged it will not The problems of the second year are just to get us damage his mouth, teeth, or personality. ready for the third. It is now time to take a good look

One day Junior discovers gravity. He is tremenat Junior's brain. To our amazement we find that he

dously fascinated as he watches his toys fall from the has one—it just isn't available to his parents very often.

high chair. Then he discovers food is even better. But even in adults the brain is a fragile instrument. It

It splashes. The game is twice as exciting if mother is is so shallow and restricted it is sometimes compared

constantly picking up the toys or mopping up the to a wooden soup bowl—it doesn't hold much, things

food. He thinks it is interesting the way she grunts spill out easily, and with the passing of time, it warps.

every time she stoops. If he has his way, she will So if adults have trouble with their soup bowl brains,

soon be in a stooping stupor. think of the trouble a saucersized brain gives a two

It is also his marvel for gravitation which makes and onehalf-yearold.

Junior want everything on the floor. He pulls the bath Two things give Junior trouble between the ages

mat off the tub, the doilies from the armchair, the of two and three. First, his brain is not capable of

books from the shelves, and the newspapers off the suspending more than one or two things in his contable. scious thinking at one time. If he is rushing into the

We notice that our twoyear-old is now getting house to show his mother a real live baby mouse he independent. He likes to show that he can feed himfound in the vacant lot, it is very unlikely he will

self, dress himself, and do grownup things. We try remember about not slamming doors and not walking

to encourage this, but he is still so clumsy with his on a newly scrubbed floor.

fat little fists that we have to be near at hand to take Second, Junior discovers human freedom for the over when he finally yells for help. first time—which is simply "the chance to choose."

He also has a tremendous curiosity at this age and However, the baffling thing about it is that he lacks ransacks drawers, wastebaskets, and other people's sufficient experience to know which course to choose, rooms. In fact, we notice that his jungle ways are so he tries to choose both alternatives at once. He

beginning to make quite an impression on the entire is always afraid he is going to miss something. This

house. fear is also the reason he rejects most parental suggestions during this period. He is scared to death

A Baby's House they have made the wrong choice for him, and that

When a baby arrives in a house, everything behe is certainly going to miss the chance of a lifetime.

comes partly his—both legally and actually. This This problem of resisting parental choices is paradevelopment is rough on parents because when Junior mount during this period and shows up with grim

is only two he acts as if he owned all of it. In fact, persistency. At dinnertime he may reject the entire

he will be nearly six before he learns how to share the family menu and hold out for eggs, or if he is offered house with his parents. Meanwhile, fine books, strained green beans, he may just happen to be hankerceramics, doilies, pots, pans, perfumes, potted plants, ing for strained yellow carrots. And a strained, tired

pianos, chairs, records, dishes, and dainties are all mother may learn from (Continued on page 344)

334 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A newspaper columnist, speaking recently of the While women generally point with pride to their present day, referred to it as "Woman's era—her accomplishments in industry, the professions, and

triumphant day of achievement."Certainly it is a other fields of human endeavor, some are beginning to

day when discrimination against woman because of wonder if the spirit of our day and the acceptance her sex is in large measure removed. Today she is of woman in the work of the world are not becoming

a person of consequence in national and international subtle and artful enemies of the family; if they are

affairs. The doors of opportunity are open to her not detracting from rather than contributing to

in the fields of business and the professions. She is woman's greatest happiness and the full realization

fast making inroads into politiof her most important role.

cal life. In the course of the Many women are distressed

present century, a veritable over the transitoriness of their revolution has occurred in her lives, which seem to have no employment outside the home set pattern, no focal point.

which has been compared to -*<=$/ Many women are disturbed the Industrial Revolution of over the numerous and varied the late 18th and early 19th demands being made of them.

centuries in its impact upon They are confused and trouinflu- in its theirAmerican direction life and as to the bled The Place ofence in bringing about changes lives taking. They should be

in national attitudes, programs practices,and home and famLatter-day Saint fulare placeasking,in "Whatlife, andis mywhatrightare ily life, as well as social and my basic responsibilities?"

economic conditions generally. For an answer to these quesThe National Manpower Countions, the Latterday Saintcil reports that today one third WOMAN woman turns with confidence

of all the women in the United by Belle S. Spafford to the teachings of the Church

States, aged fourteen or over, General President, LDS Relief Society which clearly define her posiare in the labor force in any tion and great mission. The

given month, and well over Church has always accorded to twofifths—some twentyeight women a position of dignity

million—work in the course of and respect. Its teachings on

the year. Three out of every the position of woman in the

ten married women are now eternal plan reach to the diworking outside their homes, it vine. The sacredness of the

is said. And nearly two out of every five mothers individual is a fundamental doctrine of the Church.

whose children are of school age are in the labor force. The gospel teaches that the Lord loves his daughters

Also, it is reported that today women control well just as he loves his sons. Salvation and exaltation

over 60 percent of the personal expenditures of money in the Father's kingdom are for all the honest in heart in the United States. There are 4,455,000 women in all the world, men and women alike, through indistockholders in the U.S. They considerably outnumvidual obedience to the laws and ordinances instiber men as shareholders in many large corporations. tuted by the Lord upon which these blessings are

Their holdings are valued at one hundred billion predicated.

dollars, we are told. They have another fiftyfive bilFrom the beginning, women have been given voice

lion in savings accounts, and thirtyfive billion in in the affairs of the Church. They have voted side

government bonds. by side with men on all questions submitted to the

The traditional role of woman as wife, mother, and Church membership for vote. The Centenary of Rehomemaker has made way for woman's new interests lief Society (page 68) points out, "This recognition

and new activities in her community and the working was an advanced concept in 1830 when no woman world. and few men voted in (Continued on page 354)

MAY 1958 335 The Presiding

:::.::;:,:;:-.> -.

Bishopric s

Page

.,-,: v,-,,,,.-.v.:t:,:,,,,,:,.

JOHN THE BAPTIST PREPARED WAY FOR Jesus attested to the fact that John the Baptist was

THE LORD one of the greatest of the prophets. He paid him one

May 15, 1829, was a day of paramount importance of the most glowing tributes ever given when he said, to this generation. On that eventful occasion, the "For I say unto you, Among those that are born

Aaronic Priesthood was restored to earth after an of women there is not a greater prophet than John absence of several centuries. John the Baptist was the Baptist...."(Luke 7:28.)

the central figure in this restoration. He it was who The Lord has repeated again in this dispensation

appeared to Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery on the divine nature of John's mission:

the banks of the Susquehanna River as a messenger "For he was baptized while he was yet in his sent from the Lord in answer to their prayers. He childhood, and was ordained by the Angel of God at

came under the direction of Peter, James, and John the time he was eight days old unto this power, to and conferred upon them the Aaronic Priesthood. He overthrow the kingdom of the Jews, and to make

was one of the most distinguished of God's prophets. straight the way of the Lord before the face of his

The birth* of few men has been foretold. He was one people, to prepare them for the coming of the Lord

of this select group whose coming was made known in whose hand is given all power."(D & C 84:28. ).

centuries before his birth. Isaiah prophesied regardJohn faithfully prepared the way for Jesus'mission.

ing his mission approximately seven hundred years He was instrumental in overthrowing the kingdom of before he was born. (Isaiah 40:3.) Malachi also the Jews. While the decline of Judah as a nation

told of his coming about four hundred years precedbegan long before John's birth, it was further weaking his birth. (Mai. 3:1.) ened during his ministry, and within three decades

That John the Baptist found favor with the Lord after his death, it was no more. He stands with Adam,

is emphasized in the Angel Gabriel's appearance in Enoch, Noah, Abraham, Moses, and Joseph Smith as the temple to his father, Zacharias, promising him that trusted and true servants to whom the Lord committed he and his wife were to have a son who should "be a dispensation of the gospel.

great in the sight of the Lord."(Luke 1:15.) He was John the Baptist was a prophet and a restorer. He

an Elias in that he was the forerunner of Jesus. He suffered death as a martyr and was beheaded through

vigorously preached the gospel of repentance to the the trickery of the wicked Herodias. Like many of

Jews. There came to him one of the highest privithe prophets of God, he sealed his testimony with

leges ever accorded man—that of baptizing the Savior his blood. It was the resurrected John the Baptist

of the world. He was a personal witness of one of who appeared to Joseph and Oliver and ordained

the greatest manifestations ever given. It came at them to the Aaronic Priesthood. His life and mission

the time of Jesus'baptism. As Jesus came forth out should be an inspiration to every bearer of the Aaronic

of the water, John beheld the Holy Ghost descend Priesthood. It is the hope of the Presiding Bishopric,

on him like a dove, and there came from the heavens that each member of the Aaronic Priesthood will the voice of the Father giving divine approval... realize the greatness of John the Baptist and come

"This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased."to appreciate the blessings they enjoy as bearers of

(Matt. 3:17.) the priesthood he restored.

336 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA STUDY GUIDE FOR WARD TEACHERS We should take our seats promptly, deferring unJUNE 1958 necessary conversation until after the meeting. The

sounding chord of preliminary music should find us

Reverence In Our Chapels in harmony with the spirit of the occasion. We should

not leave until meetings are closed. After the beneLatter-day Saints are sometimes charged with being diction we should not become too exuberant. Our

careless in their behavior while in attendance at worconversation should be in cheerful but subdued tones.

shipping assemblies. This criticism needs our perAs parents we should train our children to be

sonal consideration and attention. It means that there reverent. They should be taught from infancy the

are those who think of some of us as being thoughtfundamentals of proper behavior in Church meetings.

lessly irreverent. Every member of the Church should Small children should not be permitted to roam up

be concerned with overcoming sentiment of this naand down the aisles. In Sacrament meetings children

ture. Reverence is the key to sincere and true worship. should be seated with parents until they do not need

Without it devotion is but a pretense. It is vital that supervision. They should be instructed never to run

we demonstrate genuine sincerity and reverence when or shout in the chapel, classrooms, or halls.

worshipping. Officers of all auxiliary organizations are expected

The chapel, the classrooms, and the amusement to conduct their meetings with order prevailing.

hall are the center of our community life. Here we Teachers should conduct classes on a high spiritual

worship, we mingle with friends, and we enjoy our level without confusion.

diversion. We may not intend to be irreverent, but With everyone assuming his or her responsibility

there are times when we are not in a reflective mood in this important matter, we are sure to make imand we fail to demonstrate proper respect for Deity provement.

and consideration for those who worship with us.

We observe the bearing of others, but we fail to exINTRODUCTION TO STUDY GUIDE amine conscientiously our own conduct. We should FOR JULY 1958

be diligent in our efforts to become more reverent. The Price of Liberty

This responsibility rests on all of us as individuals, as parents, and as officers and teachers in the Church. America stands today as the greatest symbol of

We do not contemplate the importance of foreliberty in all the world. We should have a deep apthought. We make no advance preparation of the preciation for our noble birthright. Latterday Saints?

heart. We should go to our houses of worship in the should join fellow Americans in celebrating Independattitude of meditation. As we enter the foyer, we ence Day realizing that this Church could never have

should be conscious of entering an edifice dedicated had its inception under the banner of any other nation.

to God. We should be cognizant of the purpose of We should also properly commemorate the arrival of

each meeting we attend and objectively profit thereby. the Pioneers into Utah, July 24, 1847. We should deThis is especially true of Sacrament meetings. velop greater appreciation for freedom.

CHALLENGING RECORDS

Gary is now a priest in the Yuba City

Ward, Gridley Stake, and has the distinction of having earned seven individual Aaronic Priesthood awards, one for each year he has served in the Lesser

Priesthood. During four of the seven

years, he attended all priesthood, Sacrament, and ward teachers'report meetings held in his ward. J

:.:Ka:j;;<? Theodore James Lowther, Canyon

Rim Ward, Canyon Rim Stake ( Salt Lake

FOUR YOUNG MEN MAKE EXCELLENT ofCity),attendancehas achievedat priesthoodan unusualand recordSacraATTENDANCE RECORD mentordinationmeetings.as a deaconFrom thesevendateyearsof agohis

until July 1957, when he left for military

Four members of the Aaronic Priesthood from Montebello service, he had perfect attendance at only missed two meeting and atpriesthood outstanding Stake, have made Angeles Los East Ward, this period, During Sacrament meetings. meetings. They Sacrament priesthood at and records tendance

Aaronic Individual five received Glen T. he four years; Hansen, right; left to John E. are from

seal attached. percent He is the 100 with Priesthood Awards years; Boice, three and W. F. years; Lawrence Glancy, two

his received Duty also to God Award. has and Scout an Eagle years. three Parish, Wesley

MAY 1958 337 "Be not rash with thy mouth, and let not thine heart be hasty to utter any thing before God: for God is

in heaven, and thou upon earth: therefore let thy

words be few."1

Ninetytwo years ago, in April 1866, Thomas Carlyle gave a remarkable, extemporaneous address on the occasion of his installation as Lord Rector of the

University of Edinburgh. In it he reviewed some

profound thoughts from a book by Goethe, Wilhelm

Meister's Travels, which Carlyle considered to be of sufficient significance to bring to the students and faculty of one of the world's great universities:

"Three of the wisest men... in the world,"he said,

"have been got together, to consider, to manage and supervise, the function which transcends all others in importance—that of building up the young generation so as to keep it free from that perilous stuff that

has been weighing us down, and clogging every step.... The Chief, who is the Eldest of the three,

says to Wilhelm: 'Healthy wellinformed children

bring into the world with them many precious gifts; With

and very frequently these are best of all developed by nature herself, with but slight assistance.... But

there is one thing which no child brings into the world with him, and without which all other things Reverence are of no use.'

"Wilhelm, who is there beside him, asks, 'And what by Richard L. Evans is that?'

"'All want it,'says the Eldest; 'perhaps even you.'

it is?'of the Council of the Twelve "Wilhelm''It is,'answerssays, 'Well,the other,but tell'Reverence;me what Reverence!

Honour done to those who are greater and better than ourselves; honour distinct from fear. Ehrfurcht;

( Reverence ) the soul of all religion that has ever been among men, or ever will be.'"2

We are not sure how truly it could be said that no child brings reverence into the world with him, but of this we are sure: that one of our most earnest and

inescapable obligations is to teach reverence to our children, by our own lives, and attitudes, and actions,

In preparation for the next visit of and utterances—for in this, in reverence, lies respect

the ward teachers, it is hoped that for places and people and property and principleseach family will read, as a part of respect for God and his purposes, and for the keeping of his commandments, in which respect lies all our their family hour, this stirring artihope for our highest, eternal attainment.

cle. It is one of a series in which "Wherefore we receiving a kingdom which cannot

be moved, let us have grace, whereby we may serve

3General Authorities, in cooperation God acceptably with reverence and godly fear:"

with the Presiding Bishopric, discuss Many years ago Thomas Fuller said, "You may bethe monthly ward teaching topics. (Sce page 375 for footnotes.)

Family Hour Discussion Topic

lieve anything that is good of a grateful man."4 A "Cease from all your light speeches"

paraphrase of this sentence we believe to be equally On occasions that call for it, well would we turn true, "You may believe anything that is good of a for reminder to this counsel from the Doctrine and reverent man."Covenants: "Therefore, cease from all your light

speeches, from all laughter, from all your... lightReverence in our meetinghouses

mindedness,..."

There are many times and places where special Some time ago, for a Sunday morning CBS broadrespect should be shown: in prayer, in the home, in cast, we took "reverence"as our topic for a twoor

speech and attitude to parents and teachers and older threeminute talk, and titled it Let there be Reverpeople. But one of the most particular places where ence, which we here recall in closing:

reverence should be shown is in our meetinghouses, "All real joy and power of progress... depend on

which are dedicated to our Father in heaven, each finding something to reverence, and all the baseness one of which is his holy house, as we help to keep and misery of humanity begin in a habit of disdain"7 it so. But sometimes in our freedom, and friendliness, These words of John Ruskin suggest some of the reand warmhearted informality, we are guilty of consults of irreverence and also some of the symptoms.

tributing to the collective confusion which seems to Some irreverence is more a matter of thoughtlessness, have less of reverence in it than we would sincerely as the boisterousness of boys. Some, as Ruskin wrote,

intend. partakes of deliberate, cynical disdain. Some shows

We remember some years ago the visit of a disitself in profane and offensive speech. Some is evident

tinguished stranger to one of our wards. No one was only in attitude. Some is apparent by confusion and

expecting him, and as he stepped inside the foyer disorder in places where there should be quiet and just before meeting time, there was embarrassing contemplation. True reverence is not strained or stiff

evidence of a thoughtless kind of confusion—of noise, or artificial, but a sincere sense in one's soul that

talk that was too loud, and of some disorderly running some things are sacred—that some things should not

around. He was fortunately of that kind of underbe lightly spoken of nor lightly considered. In the

standing heart that relieved a bit of the embarrasspresence of great art, great music, great minds there ment. But we have since sometimes thought, what is due respect and deference. Then how much more

if the unexpected stranger who entered were our respect and deference are due the Creator of heaven

Savior himself? (Do we not, in fact, pray for our and earth, in whose image men were made, whose

Father's spirit to be with us in our meetings, and wisdom and works are infinite, to whom we owe all ask it to be so in the name of his Son?) the bounteous blessings of life, the recurring seasons,

(There are some things we would and would not the springtime, the harvest, the love of family and do in the presence of our Savior. One of our brethfriends, the reality we have here and the assurance

ren was once heard to ask a young man who was of life hereafter. If we lose the spirit of reverence

rebellious about some of his habits, "If you were as to the works and ways of Providence we shall lose ushered into the presence of our Savior would you much else also—for the kind of corrosion that rusts

light up a cigaret?"We might also ask if we would away reverence also rusts ( Continued on page 375

be loud and boisterous and inattentive in his presence. )

We do not believe in longfaced living. We believe,

with Joseph Smith, that "Happiness is the object and announcer, director,Writer,and design of our existence; and will be the end thereof, producer of the Tabernacle Choir

if we pursue the path that leads to it; and this path is thanand aOrganquarterbroadcastcentury, forRichardmore

virtue, uprightness, faithfulness, holiness, and keeping L. Evans is known to countless

all the commandments of God."5 But we do earnestly beenradio associatedlisteners. withHe hasthe longEra

believe also that if we and our children fail to show as editor. He was on the

proper reverence and respect for certain occasions, fromFirstOctoberCouncil1938of theto OctoberSeventy at certain places, when we are, in effect, inviting our 1953, and has been an

Father in heaven to let his spirit be with us, we lose apostle since that time.

much of the nearness we might feel to him.

MAY 1958 339 Snow in May, the door. Then she sat down on the ottoman in front

of the logs. There was something so glowing, so un-

(Continued) fourteen years of school together. troubled about Iris. Marriage did give women a

I advised him, as girls do, and helped him with Engsense of security. And Ruth admitted to herself that,

lish themes."in spite of her crowded days, she had been lonely

She fell into reverie for a second. Iris touched her often. Warren's face came before her as he had

hand. looked that May night when he had first asked her to

"I do need help,"said Ruth solemnly, walking back marry him, and the very stars had seemed to sing.

toward the hearth. "I'm at the crossroads."Warren was still handsome. She recalled how he

After a pause Iris asked timidly, "Why did you send had looked last night, rather boyishly eager and dehim away twenty years ago?"cidedly likeable. Then between his keen eyes and

Ruth faced her squarely. "I never sent Warren her own floated Janey's delicate features. For the

away. When he returned from medical school, he moment she felt that she could easily say "Yes"to

had fallen in love with Janey. Because I wanted him Warren, if only she could forget Janey!

to be happy, I let him go. I have been the jilted one—In this small town of Laurel, which skirts a highnot Warren—these long years. Now you know the way cutting through high mountains, the people were

truth, and I don't care any more if the whole town accustomed to cold, stormy springs. But this year

knows. But for him to come back—when he's desperthe weather had moderated early, so many were surate for help—"prised when they wakened to find their small world

Iris, after another glance at the clock, went to the blanketed with snow.

closet to get her coat. "You've been truthful,"she But Ruth Emerson, one of the pillars of the wellsaid, returning. "Now I'm going to speak out, too. regulated community, was not surprised in the least.

Janey was as light as a dandelion gone to seed—ready She had spent the long hours watching heavy flakes

to be blown by any breeze—"fall through the circle of light surrounding the street

"We never gave Janey a chance,"said Ruth, lamp. The empty rooms of the old Emerson home,

thoughtfully. "People disliked her because they which used to ring with so many voices, were silent

thought she had stolen Warren."as the storm and the echoes of trucks traveling the

But Iris went on indignantly, "Do you remember highway by night were muffled in the dense atmosthat picnic in the mountains, when Janey had stacked phere. She heard the steady tick of her clock and

logs for a fire and couldn't make them burn? She the breathing of Anna and Bennie; and she relived

stood there laughing like a child, the wind blowing scenes, dimly remembered, but which sprang to life her baby curls—do you remember?"now with shattering force. Sometimes she rose and

"Yes,"replied Ruth. But she was recalling the touched the children's hands just to feel their warmth

circle of faces after Warren had set the logs aglow, and humanness. Her acknowledgment to Iris of the

and especially Warren's commiserative expression as humiliation which had been sealed in her heart since he watched Janey singing bravely in her lyrical sogirlhood had not relieved her mind. Why can't I

prano, "Just a Song at Twilight."Janey had been just have a good cry and take him or leave him? she

rejected by the town from the first, Ruth thought. demanded of herself. Sometimes a sudden red anger

Iris buttoned her coat, tied her scarf, and kissed flamed against Janey, with her pretty but impractiher children, and now she came to embrace Ruth, cal ways. But her great rage was against Warren, not

who said affectionately "You've always been a great so much for loving Janey as for his being capable of little sister."coming back without undue emotion and rather calmly

"That's why I want you to marry Warren,"cried asking her to be his wife. And then, summoning

Iris. "A tiny apartment can grow very dull after a her own poise and sense of justice, she admitted that

few years. Besides, I can't see how any woman in she had never let Warren know how deeply he had

her right mind could refuse Dr. Warren Clive."wounded her. Snow in May, she thought bitterly.

She opened the door, and a current of cold air What a symbol!

rushed in. "Such a day! I think it's going to snow."She When Iris came for the children in the morning,

called from the driveway, "What time does Warren Ruth saw at once that her sister noticed her heavy come tomorrow?"eyes and unbecoming pallor.

"At eleven.""Did the children bother you?"she asked solicit-

"I'll have the kiddies out of your way long before ously.

then. Sweet dreams!""Not at all,"answered Ruth. "I loved having them.

When she had driven off, Ruth closed and bolted I just didn't sleep veiy well."

340 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA STOP WASTING FIREPLACE HEA T build masonry around Iris was opening a shopping bag and taking out little galoshes and other winter paraphernalia. Ruth

took Anna on her knee.

"I thought I was through with small boots forever,"arFJJrgjStiivc? fireplace unit

she grumbled.

"Ruth, I didn't sleep much, either—for thinking of Theand HEATFORMfriends gather.fireplaceNo otheris the modernheart of conveniencethe home wherecontributesfamily

you,"said Iris, although her radiance belied her words. more to comfortable living.

"Here's something you've never taken into consideraHEATFORM retains the hospitality of the open hearth. It is built

tion. We don't know whether Warren was really tosmokefreefurnace principles,heat lost upwiththeairchimneychambersby tothecaptureordinaryand fireplace.circulate

happy or not. We don't know anything about their HEATFORM fireplaces cost but little more. HEATFORM is a comactual married life. We do know that Janey was plete unit—hearth to flue—replacing firebrick lining, throat

a poor housekeeper."form and damper, and some labor necessary in the construction

"According to our immaculate standards,"put in of the oldfashioned fireplace.

Ruth, kissing Anna's interfering fingers.

"Well, maybe I'm telling the truth,"persisted Iris.

"Maybe Warren was disillusioned. If he felt a little

regret sometimes—wouldn't that make a difference?"

"Yes,"replied Ruth.

"Honey, maybe Janey was a pretty little millstone around Warren's neck."

"Well, he prospered amazingly for a man so burHEATFORM Model "A"dened,"Ruth retorted. forplaces.single opening fire-

"Warren is such a wonderful man—Ruth dear, a

woman needs love—"

The light in her sister's face silenced the pointed reply which sprang to Ruth's lips. She merely said

gently, "Keep your sermon for the unenlightened,

Sis."Yet after Iris and the children had waved goodbye,

Ruth kept turning over in her mind what her sister had said. She put on her most slimming dress, erased

the pallor with a little rouge and powdered the dark HEATFORM Model "S"rings around her eyes. for modern corner fireRefore eleven Warren telephoned. His little girl placefrom frontwith viewand ofeitherfire

was running a high fever—she was subject to such.side. Model "M"(not

spells, and they were dangerous. He couldn't leave at I'fireshown)fromprovidesfront andviewbothof

present. An hour or two later he still couldn't leave. sides.

Rut toward evening he called again, the anxiety gone from his voice. The child was better, but he didn't

want to leave her. He had sent his mother and the

two boys to the movies.

"The little girl is asleep now. No one will disturb

us. Couldn't you—wouldn't you walk up here to

Mother's?"Ruth hesitated for a moment and then said, "Yes,

Model "D"I'll come, Warren."HEATFORM

opening for fireplace When Warren opened his mother's door and saw through between two

Ruth, his shoulders lifted and his face brightened. rooms.

He's genuinely glad to see me, Ruth thought. Sold through Leading Building Material Dealers Everywhere!

"Rring in the boots,"he said. "We don't want

DETAILED FREE INFORMATION FOR TODAYthem to freeze in May."WRITE

handling for 36 PAGE and mailing) cover 50c (to or enclose radiator, hall set the and near them, them He took BEAUTIFUL OF 50 BOOK FIREPLACE'DESIGNS selected from coat,"door. he said. your the "Let closed have me Prize Photo Contest. National our

them coat and handed took off her and scarf She to SUPERIOR FIREPLACE COMPANY she eyes. of his studying She wished conscious him,

Dept. IE581 Dept. IE581

4325 Artesia Avenue 601 North Point Road

Fullerton, California Baltimore, Maryland

MAY 1958 341 were better at small talk, and looked "I'm hurrying this—this proposal her position, she looked at him,

at the piano where Janey used to of mine because I must get back then quickly dropped her eyes. He

sing. Warren turned on a lamp with to the office. My patients need me. was stricken beyond any pretense,

a pink shade. A doctor seems to live so much of any small deception. She went to

"Sit here, Ruth,"he said indicathis time between life and death."him and said brokenly, "Warren, let

ing a chair under the lamp. "It's His face saddened, and he bent me help you."

Mom's most comfortable chair."over his long, nervous hands. In a He clung to her, but neither

"Thank you,"she said, sitting, but moment he straightened and turned could find a word to speak.

too full of indecision to say more. to her. "I need you, Ruth."The child in the next room

He was hanging her things in the She wanted to cry; she wanted to coughed and called, "Daddy."

hall closet. "Do you remember, go into his arms. As she struggled In Warren's absence Ruth pulled

years ago, how we thought our for composure, he went on. on her boots, her coat, threw her

homes were way out of town? Now "Everything has changed. The scarf over head and slipped out the

the town is all around us."children, the home—everything."door. But as she passed the winShe laughed a little, and he drew "But I couldn't make things right. dow, there came a tap on the pane.

up a chair and sat facing her. She I couldn't put the heart back into Warren stood, as in a picture frame,

gazed into his eyes, not knowing your house. I would only disappoint with his little girl in his arms, his

what he was thinking, but noting you."cheek pressed against her blond

how gaunt he really was, how "I don't think you would,"he said curls.

etched by sorrow were the lines on thoughtfully. "My boys are getting "I'll be over as soon as Mother

his fair skin. out of hand."returns,"he called.

"It's good to be with you, Ruth. In the pause that followed Ruth She nodded. Then he straightIt's always been good. Even though recalled the words Iris had spoken ened and made a queer little army

we haven't met very often, I have that morning. salute. She smiled and turned into

felt sure of your friendship. I've "Warren,"she faltered, "if we the snowhushed street, marveling

always thought if I needed a friend, could go back to our high school at the way some women aroused and you were there. In a way it gave days, would you do what you did held a man's deepest devotion. It

me strength."over again?"wasn't exactly a salute she wanted

He paused, but she said nothing. She rose and went to the window, from Warren—she had been saluted

"Have you felt that way about her back turned to him. When finalmost of her life!

me?"he asked. ly his voice reached her it was barely And then, perhaps because the

"No, Warren, I don't think I have. audible, as though he were talking little girl looked so much like her

I don't think I would ever have to Janey as well as to her. mother, Ruth seemed to see Janey,

turned to you for help.""I would not change things,"he with her sensitive hands and quesAs she continued not to look at said. Then he added, in a less subtioning gaze. A choking rose in her

him, he said, "If I owe you an jective tone, "We must be honest throat, and she buried her face in apology for anything, Ruth, I offer with each other, Ruth."her scarf.

it—humbly."And Ruth knew there was a dedi- "You will never come between

She was so disarmed by his penecated chamber in Warren's heart us,"she sobbed. "Never."For she

trating gaze that she said hastily, which she could never enter. When closed her eyes and took the fragile

"It's nothing. Nothing. Everything she had stiffened enough to reverse image right into her heart.

is all right, Warren."

My Mother—(President Young) and seven daughters, ten of whom and daughter were united in deepest

survived her. love, and it was always a trial for

(Continued) They arrived in While her life was filled with mother to say "goodbye"to her

Salt Lake City toward the end of sorrow, Mother had the divine courloved child.

October and that winter lived in the age so characteristic of noble charAnother daughter, Josephine

Old Fort. In the spring of 1848 Levi acter. Her first trial came when Irene, was an invalid and required

Riter began the erection of a log she discovered her little daughter, great care all her life. Yet with it

cabin in the part of the city which Florence, had lost her hearing. all, Mother set the example of eterlater became the Ninth Ward, one When Florence was nine she was nal faith in God and taught by her

of the original nineteen wards orsent to a school for the deaf, Clarke example the teachings of the Master:

ganized in 1849. Institution, in Northampton, Massapurity of heart, truthfulness, mercy,

On April 14, 1867, in the Endowchusetts, which she attended until honesty, and purity. All her chilment House, Ann Elizabeth married she graduated. There she earned dren were taught good manners,

Dr. Seymour B. Young, a physician, the love of her teachers, who have which to her were expressions of

the son of Joseph Young and kept in correspondence with her religion and morality. How often

nephew of Brigham Young. They through the years. "Flo"always she would say to her sons: "Let anlived in the old Bowery house until spent her summers at home, and other man praise thee, and not thine

their new home on Fourth East sometimes Mother took her back to own mouth; a stranger, and not

Street was built. Ann became the school in the fall. It was a long thine own lips."

mother of twelve children, five sons journey for those days, but mother Mother was a valuable assistant

342 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA very highest standards of service are The apparent in every detail of Phillips 66 Hospitality.

Observe the cleanliness of the station. Notice

the conscientious way the attendant cleans

your cars windows all around... how he

brushes out inside your car. It's all part of

Hospitality on the Highway.''Drive in where

you see the orange and black Phillips 66 Shield.

MAY 1958 343 to Father in his medical practice, Mother was a woman of medium university. He was a gentleman of

and despite a busy home life she height with beautiful blue eyes, rosy the old school, very fine, dignified, found time to take an interest in cheeks, and curly hair. She posand gracious, and there was an air

his patients. A day seldom passed sessed a refined nature, the kind about him which somehow made me

that she did not spend many hours which drew people to her; she was think of a sturdy, straight old tree.

receiving them, assisting the doctor unselfish, considerate, and always As for his wife, she was one of the with them, or helping them by her looking to help others. She could most adorable old ladies I have ever

constant interest in their welfare always enter into the spirit of her met.

and her kindly words of cheer and children. For her daughters she "Very simply, she told me of the

comfort. made lovely dresses, and when early days. Her parents had been

Mother was also possessed of an Christmas came, she made them all wellto-do Pennsylvania Dutch, and unusual degree of business ability happy by what she gave, and the had left a prosperous home in the and organized her activities so that lovely tree had presents of every East and come out to the West, not she could provide funds for the edukind. to better themselves, but because

cation of her large family, that they With her beauty of character, of their religion. She herself was

might find joy in their daily lives. Mother became a help to the poor born in 1847, in a prairie schooner

She inherited from her father keen and needy. Even the patients of on the banks of the Missouri River,

financial ability and was successful the old insane asylum, of which my and in that vehicle she was carried in buying real estate and in its Father was superintendent, would across the plains and through the management. In addition to her be brought at times to the home, passes to where Salt Lake City was

neverending duties as homemaker, where Mother would give them food then in the first year of its settlemother, and wife, she found time and little gifts that would make ment. Some families were living in

to carry on an investment program them happy. Every word to them tents, but log cabins were springing

embracing both real estate and wellwas an expression of kindness. One up. Fancy the fascination that

selected securities, which in most old friend of Mother's told me once there was in hearing that old lady instances brought successful returns. that she had seen at our home, Intell, in her simple way, the story of

She had the reputation for unusual dians, Chinamen, tramps, and social the early Mormon settlement. For

farsightedness and financial sagacelites. "I do not know,"she said, all her gentleness and the low voice

ity. "of any other such home in the in which she spoke, the tale was an

She loved to romp and play with world."epic in which she herself had figher children, went horseback riding ured. She was a pioneer herself.

with them into the canyons, went on Julian Street, the celebrated How much she had seen, how much picnics out to Great Salt Lake, and American journalist, in his book she had endured, how much she always tried to keep a cheerful face Abroad at Home, tells of his visit to had known of happiness and sorrow!

to hide from them the tragedies of Salt Lake City. During his sightAnd now in her old age, she had

her life. She took a great interest seeing around the city, he asked to a nature like a distillation made of

in their school work. When they meet a typical Latterday Saint fameverything there is in life. I did

were to memorize Shakespearean ily and to be in a Latterday Saint not wish to leave the house, and characters, such as Hamlet and home. He was taken to the home when I did, and when she said she

Othello, she would listen to them of Dr. Seymour B. Young. Much hoped I would come again, I was

recite and prompt them if necesimpressed, Mr. Street wrote the folconscious of a lump in my throat.

sary. When the play Hamlet came lowing description of his experience: That kind of lump which, once in a

to the Salt Lake Theatre, she bought "Mr. Young, more than eighty long time, will rise up in one's throat

tickets for her daughters as a reward years of age, was a professional man when one sees a very lovely, very for their good grades in school. with a degree from a large eastern happy child."

The Age of No Reason pable of making satisfactory choices. dumbfounded by Junior's capacity

A few months from now he will get for absolute dictatorial defiance that over this."Thus we learn to be they spend long periods trying to

(Continued) experience that it parents. persuade him. But Junior has to

is no disgrace to put the beans in the Because a two and onehalf-yearargue back with a vocabulary of refrigerator and heat up the carrots. old is strongly asserting his own around fifty words. Obviously, this

Of course one might "reason"with will, it naturally creates the impresis frustrating, so he eventually stumJunior, but his response is usually sion that this is the very height of bles onto a technique which is amazto dump the objectionable victuals his "age of no reason"—which it is. ingly persuasive. It consists of

on the floor. It is his way of saying, At least, it is the age of his reason, throwing himself on the ground,

"Scuttle the stuff!"which describes this period more ackicking his toes into the dirt, and

Now, strange as it may seem, our curately. Parents succeed in getting screaming so fiercely the neighbors

doctor tells us to go along with Junior to do their will only as they think his mother is murdering him.

Junior. learn how to make Junior feel that From experience Junior learns that

"And spoil him?"we gasp. this is exactly what he was going this gets a marvelous reaction from

"No,"replies the doctor. "He just to do anyway. his parents. He notices how their

needs to be assured that he is caHowever, parents are often so dignity disappears, how their voices

344 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

131 Quick Facts You Should Know Before Buying Any Organ!

Revealing booklet gives important answers to these four different types of questions..

GENERAL ACOUSTICAL

TECHNICAL MUSICAL

Buying a new organ is such an important investment that you'll want to know all the facts before making your decision. All the

facts concerning the selection of a new

organ are covered thoroughly in Baldwin's new booklet—"Questions and Answers."

If you are considering a new organ, mail coupon below for this helpful booklet.

f

MAY 1958 345 "If I wore white shoes, I'd beg for tremble. He hears them plead, beg, rituals are his first appreciation of

HOLLYWOOD SANI -WHITE"and bribe to get him to stop. It is "living in an orderly world."At the

infant blackmail. moment he is doing all the ordering,

Our doctor tells us that when this but it makes him feel so good when happens and there has to be a showeverything is just right that we can't down, two principles apply: help going along with him. AnYou don't have to beg for First, try to make your demands other year or so and the importance

HOLLYWOOD sound"Come reasonable.on, let's washForourexample,hands. of Thetheselastritualsproblemwill beginis Junior'sto fade.proDaddy's coming home!"pensity for wandering. He has no

Second, if he does not respond, sense of danger when it comes to saniwhite go into action. irrigation ditches, crossing streets, POLISH SHOE falling or getting old wells, down is doctor says little to be The Hollywood once SaniWhite But.. demand refrigerators. locked in abandoned issues white shoes looking good it is. Keeps smart a know discussing how. you'll with you gained by

fresh times. at all and Does not streak. Safest for toddler who wants to argue. His If he goes outside, he should be it's nontoxic. baby, because

mother may say, "Come to supper."in a fenced yard or have immediate

FOR ALL WHITE SHOES The toddler says, "No!"and throws adult supervision.

to prove he means a tantrum it. A The Parents'Hour of Victorywill simply pick Junior mother wise

up bodily, floursack him on her hip, Age Three and take him to the bathroom. In Almost suddenly, without logic or

she explanation, does bellows nature mother openmouthed between special Your shoes will will something very to Junior hands and his face and wash be white as snow, then transport him to the kitchen. when he reaches the age of about

when you use There the change of scenery or the five minutes to three. In a very

HOLLYWOOD odors of good food will usually stop literal sense, he miraculously comes his at cosani- themay grumbling.be very muchTo likethis hisextentfather.he unexpectedof age. Wecomprehension,are astonished his

white So the key to dissolving a tantrum operation, his desire to gain our apCLEANS AS IT WHITENS is distraction, not discussion—at proval. He dresses himself, feeds

least not unless the discussion conhimself, entertains himself. His tantains a distraction. Experience soon trums are so infrequent they practeaches parents what works best for tically disappear. For the first time

"FOR THE WHITEST OF WHITE, each of their children. we feel we can "reason"with him on

GET SANIWHITE"Two final problems deserve menalmost any problem. It is like a

off cooling breeze mountain for fresh passion Junior's One is Also makers of the famous tioning. the desert. ourselves, say to have a cercertain rituals. must We He

SANIBROWN, SANIBLACK, tain spoon, his birthday cup and his "Well, it just shows that our patience

SANIRED blue dish, and they must be arand perseverance paid off. We

ranged a certain way or he will not knew Junior was going to make it

AND ALL HOLLYWOOD SKUF eat. When he goes to bed, he must all the time!"COLORS have his old wornout babycrib And if our doctor is handy, he will

If your dealer is out, call or write: blanket, his armless, draggedabout, add, "Enjoy this, folks. It is good

oneeyed doll, and the hall light left for all of three months. The next

It is called is a whingdinger. will stage or not open, his door he on with BEEHIVE SALES

of or the Stage to stage 'Me'to the has to sleep. even go go He COMPANY the bathroom a certain way. These tripetal Dynamics!"CenSALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Phone HU 5-1476 P. 0. Box 1233 FAR ADVENTURING

by Alma Robison Higbee TempleLONDONTours I hope that there will be a high wind blowing, t/QQ of spring, as the orchard breath wind, sweet An

Air Polar Route "* ** UP clear as the word, a spoken Rearing summons,

Write: Keith Gudmundson, L.D.S. Tours Marking adventure beyond my narrow knowing, E. Manchester, 327

Inglewood, California Charting a course for my far adventuring.

Salt Lake PhoneDA 2-1129 In the blue wind, with the lilting call of bird,

Los Angeles PhoneOR 8-6374 There will be no silence; earth will be singing;

And the blue sky calm after the storm is done.

... stair. will flash of a golden oriole wing weave The and BEAUTY HEALTH

ringing, FAMILY H&qi bell's distant sweet FOR THE WHOLE but a words No farewell line of most complete America's helpful When the gate swings wide with the set of my last sun, savings on vitamins, Big products.health

beauty equipment, therapysupplements, I shall run on eager feet to enter there.

sports, etc And exercising,aids, reducing,

Wonderful gifts. All ages of both sexes.Get this catalog now, for health's sake. IPs

HEALTH UNLIMITEDWISCONSINDEPT. E WATERTOWN,

346 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA brnMrnSmSstt you're with thes cropsaving

CAPACITY TO MAKE MONEY

SIMPLE TO ADJUST, EASY TO RUN ALWAYS PRICED RIGHT Better design in AllisChalmers harvesting machines gives cropsaving capacity for a bigger harvest payoff.

Every one of these easyto-run machines is a performance leader, backed by years of field experience. See your

AllisChalmers dealer to learn which of these machines best fits your operation. You'll find each offers engineering leadership... priced to make

you money.

ALUSCHALMERS, FARM EQUIPMENT DIVISION

MILWAUKEE 1, WISCONSIN

GLEANERBALDWIN combines—giants of the A-C

harvester line and performance leaders in largescale operations... ideal for custom cutting; 10-, 12-,

and 14foot headers.

IA SUPER 1 00 offers cropsaving AllCrop Harvester

I performance with selfpropelled capacity and advantages; 9- or 12foot header.

Al. CORN HEADS for A-C combines offer lookahead

farming—new, lowcost field shelling of corn. Shown

here on 6-foot, BigBin 66 AllCrop Harvester.

A MODEL 90—7Jfoot cut... newest A-C combine,

brings increased capacity with pulltype economy to the famous AllCrop Harvester line. Features revolutionary new GRAIN BYPASS.

AllCrop and GleanerBaldwin are AllisChalmers trademarks ALLISCHALMERS

MAY 1958 347 The M Factor under the stimulation of the Spirit stopped by trouble, opposition, or of the Master. Worthy human moeven death itself. We have now

(Continued) Aristotle said that tives may be given a spiritual applibeen "called"to do this most stimuwe never know a thing until cation and developed to farreach- lating work in the world: to teach

we know it by its causes. There ing religious significance. That is, and inspire and activate our Father's

is a "cause"be- "treasures in heaven"have greater children to obey his commandments.

hind the inacvalue and consequently should be Think of some of the "M factivity of every more sought after than treasures tors"of the gospel. Every principle

senior member here. A love that incites us to prohas attached a blessing for obediof the Aaronic vide for our family here has even ence and a punishment for disPriesthood. There greater power when applied to our obedience. As the Lord said to

family "needs"for eternal life. Our ancient Israel, "Behold, I set before is also a "cause"

for every other character qualities will go with us you this day a blessing and a curse;

inactivity, in or beyond mortality. These tremen- "A blessing, if ye obey the com-

"religious motives"great are inmandments of the Lord your out of the dous struments of power, only can if we Church. God,.,.

to learn identify effecuse and them sales. detective A large.. the will curse, a obey, not if ye "And tively, in lives not only our own resulttakes the reorganization. but. aside turn of out the. but way."lives others. also in the of works backand cently a made 11:2628.) (Deut. to get need Wewards.

survey to deterpeople to understand these blessmine why salesings. Think of the blessings for

men failed. It was found that—faith; the blessings for repentance;

37% failed because of discouragethe blessings for baptism and the ment. gift of the Holy Ghost. There is a

37% failed because of lack of blessing for paying tithing and for industry. keeping the Word of Wisdom and

12% failed because they would for every other thing that God has not follow instructions. commanded, even though we are

8% failed because of lack of working directly and entirely in our knowledge.... but motivation finds a way own interests.

All of these "causes"are preventto make the horse thirsty. We know the "motive power"in a

able. All are forms of inertia. No million dollar reward. But what is

one will work harder than his We must first know what it is that the "motive power"in the thought "drives"impel him, and the impetus makes members of the Church inof living forever in the celestial must come from within. There is active in the face of the great blesskingdom? Or what is the value you

an old adage that says, "You can ings of the gospel. There are many place upon your own soul? Or what

lead a horse to water, but you can't reasons. One man is inactive bewould it profit you if you had even a

make him drink."But "motivation"cause he does not understand; anhundred times a million dollars and

finds a way to make the horse thirsty other is inactive because he does not lost your own family? The first soul

so that he will drink of his own acbelieve; another doesn't care; anthat everyone should bring to God

cord. Jesus talked about people other can't make up his mind; anis his own. What greater motive

who hungered and thirsted after other has a mental short circuit could there be than this? The secrighteousness. The mission of Jesus called procrastination. These "causond greatest motive comes in savwas to help increase that hunger. es"are all forms of inertia. Like ing the souls of others. The Lord

That is also our mission. the stone on the mountainside, these has indicated that the most profitThere are some who hold the people are "at rest"and will tend to able way that we can invest our

theory that there is no such thing remain at rest and lose their blesstime is "in bringing souls unto him."

as laziness. We merely shrink from ings, unless some motive power is This carries blessings beyond our

doing those things which we don't brought to their rescue. The "incomprehension. The "motive power"

know how to do, or which we ert"one needs a good low gear to should be in proportion.

do not have a strong enough motive help him establish momentum, and If you need some "M factors"to for doing. Sin also comes in this everyone needs some strong "M facprovide stimulation for yourself and

category. We commit sins of omistors"to help him overcome this others, think of the blessings that

sion because we lack a strong, posinatural "appetite for rest."It is the come from celestial marriage and

tive motive, and we add sins of comresponsibility of leadership to help work for the dead. Or think of

mission because we have the wrong develop motives. Motives are the how tremendously we are rewarded

motive. But whether the problem seeds of accomplishment. for maintaining the purity and inis sin or sloth, there are effective The "M factors"are the opposites tegrity of our own lives. In fact,

ways of making people hunger and of inertia. They are made up of all of the scriptures are a great colthirst after righteousness. education, stimulation, activity, faith, lection of promissory notes, made

Think how completely the life of example. Jesus instructed and inout in our favor and guaranteed by

Saul of Tarsus was changed when spired twelve men and thereby esthe Ruler of the universe. The Lord

conversion came to him. Simon tablished powerful motives in their has said, "I... am bound when ye

Peter was transformed from a humhearts. Once the motives were in do what I say;..."(D & C 82:10.)

ble fisherman to a powerful apostle force, the apostles could not be Our responsibility is to stamp the

348 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Meet the new and mighty Mccormick no. isi

* ** *tfW

: MMM SSWMtfW

.. Get huge acreealing capacity*

SAVE GRAIN OTHERS LOSE!

Your first round in a heavy -yield crop proves the new McCormick No. 151 whopping big from end

to end... not just another combine with oversized

cut. Watch the big platform with "deepset,"20inch auger take a cleaner, faster 15foot bite, even

in down and tangled crops. See how evenflow

feeding, threepoint separation, and opposedaction cleaning add grainsaving capacity to the huge, 37 3/16inch separator.

Keep harvesting when wet ground and tough threshing stop others. Closegoverned 70 hp IH

engine holds steady speed in heaviest going... big

drive wheels carry 80% of the weight for sure traction, easier steering. Choose 15, 14, or 12foot

platform. Big capacity corn unit available.

McCor- a grainsaving with your 1958 harvest Speed its class, ever, best buy of than now more No. 101,McCormick to see. dealer is the man Your IH mick selfpropelled.

corn mighty No. 151. of the New featureshas all the cropsaving

unit... new choice of 1 or 1 2-foot cut let you make fullest use of

big 28inch separator and rugged 55 hp IH engine. Use 12foot See Your

platform in sorghum or beans to harvest four rows while drive wheelsstraddle two. Both combines are centered on rowmatching treads, INTERNATIONAL

for easiest handling... to open corn fields with no "down row."HARVESTER Dealer

International Harvester Products pay for themselves!n use

—Farm Tractors and Equipment... Twine... Commercial

Wheel Tractors... Motor Trucks... Construction Equipment

—General Office, Chicago 1, Illinois.

MAY 1958 349 TYPICAL OWNERS OF

PEOPLE AND PROFITS:

Both are needed to make America's capitalism work

at readjustments economic and abroad challenges fromNew ever that our distinctive than important more make it home brand of capitalism be understood and encouraged by all

Americans.

America's capitalism is a ""People's Capitalism''''that must

Mrs. Dolores Toporowski has owned shares

draw its strength from the voluntary participation offree citizens. in General Electric for 4 years. Twothirds

About a half million men and women are owners of General Elecof U. S. share owners earn under $7,500.

tric. 10 million Americans—young and old, from small cities and

large, bakers as well as bankers—have invested directly in America's businesses; another 100 million indirectly own shares through Ii

their insurance policies, mutual savingsbank accounts, pension plans, mutual funds, or other forms of investment.

Allpeople—notjust afew—benefit when businesses earn profits:

In America's capitalism, the millions of men and women who have invested their savings in businesses may be rewarded through dividends. Millions more benefit indirectly in many ways—in their

pension funds, or through the work of research foundations and charitable organizations which entrust capital to business. More

important still, everyone benefits when profitable companies—by

reinvesting a part of their earnings—are able to undertake the

research and development and the expansion and modernization which lead to new jobs, products, and services. Jeffery Shore was a share owner before he

could walk. His parents typify the growing

Profit is the incentive to take the bold and imaginative risks number of young couples who own shares.

needed for progress. Businesses are in free, vigorous competition

to anticipate and satisfy the needs, the wants—and even some of

the unspoken aspirations—of the American people. Companies that

fail to provide what people want will become profitstarved and a national liability. Those that succeed are the underlying resource

of a vital civilian economy and a strong national defense.

// you would like a copy of our 1957 Annual Report, describing progress for customers, share owners, employees, and the nation as a ivhole, please write: Dept.P2-l 19, Schenectady, N. Y.

Progress Is Our Most Important Product

Reverend J. Edward Carothers'church, like

many churches, colleges, and institutions, depends on dividends for part of its income.GENERAL ELECTRIC

GENERAL ELECTRIC: These capitalists come from all walks of life

Larry Cichy is learning early how AmerAmy Jane Bowles is one of a growing Leopold Arbour was one of 14,000 new ica's capitalism works—his parents gave number of women share owners; over half General Electric owners in 1957. The numhim his first shares on his 11th birthday. of General Electric's owners are women. ber of G-E owners increased 50% since 1952.

GENERAL ELECTRIC EMPLOYEE

Mrs. Longine Furman is typical of people Arthur Gallagher is also a G-E supplier. Mrs. Ann Shem is one of more than 133,-

who participate in "People's Capitalism"His firm is one of 45,000 which furnish 000 employees participating in General by investing part of their savings regularly. the company with vital skills and services. Electric's Savings and Stock Bonus Plan.

GENERAL ELECTRIC DEALER

Joseph Doty, Professor of History, teaches Mary Hammond supplements her income Share owner Allen Merriam also owns about the past and invests in the future from General Electric's Pension Plan with one of the 400,000 independent firms which with shares of General Electric stock. dividends from General Electric stock. sell and service General Electric products.

r KITCHEn CHflRm importance of the gospel principles life to building motivation around in our brain cells and put in force some trivial material need. What WAXED PAPER

the appropriate "motives"to bring kind of motivation are we developKEEPS FOOD about their accomplishment. ing around the needs of eternal life?

is there in the progression? FRESHER LONGER! hood,"The Lordwhichhasis thegivenauthorityus the "priestto save Howsure promisemuch "Moffactor"eternal

souls. But we must develop the Does it stimulate our industry that

"leadership,"which is the ability we may someday become even as to save souls. God? But he who would move the

An amateur athlete will work to world must first move himself. We

the limit of his strength to win the need to plant deep in our hearts and approval of his coach. What will minds the great ideas of the gospel.

one of us do to win the approval These will act as powerful stimuof God? A salesman devotes his lants to make accomplishment easy.

Talent without Character

Richard L. Evans

There is an old sentence which says that "Talent without character is more to be dreaded than esTHE teemed."1 Using character in its meaning of moral

SPOKEN responsibility, of integrity, we would extend the

WORD statement further: Authority without character is

more to be dreaded than esteemed. Money without character,

POPULAR WITH MILLIONS power without character, knowledge without character, science

OF HOUSEWIVES... without character, men without character—all are more to be

AT ALL LEADING GROCERS dreaded than esteemed. Ours is a day in which ominous forces

have been placed in the hands of mere men, and we may sometimes suppose that if we could rid ourselves of these super forces and factors, we could rid ourselves of all threats and fears. But there

is no tangible thing or physical force that is in and of itself an evil.

They could all be used for man's blessing as well as for evil intent.

The real source of our fears is frequently forgotten. Our problems

are human problems, moral problems, the problems of people.

Even a club or a stone—or even bare hands—is a menace when

possessed by a man without character. There are ancient tales told

of sirens who used the sweetness of their voices to entice men to doom and destruction. Shall we say then that a sweet and lovely

4/ voiceinspiringis a masterpiecething of evil?mayThealsogiftempowerthat enableshim, aifpersonhis intentto -writeis evil,an

to write debasing filth. The gift that enables an artist to depict

So good for babies a hallowed scene may also, if abused, permit him to portray a lewd subject. The persuasive power that moves men to good works

in of false leader, the possession to false a ways. move them...that Special may,

is integrity or Talent without indeed to be dreaded. weapon Any

Morning Milk word,or officeanyor energyinfluence,or anythingeffort, anyin powerthe worldor position,used withoutany moralauthorityresponsibility, without character, without integrity, is to be dreaded.

So easy to digest, Special Morning The real measure of good or evil is the use to which people put their time, their tools, their talents. The real fears are fears of Milk is the only evaporated milk misguided men, of misguided minds. The real problems are huespecially developed for babies... man problems. And if we can bring ourselves to be what we should

the only evaporated milk with exbe, to keep the commandments, to match talent with integrity, we can just about have our heaven on earth, and live free of the fear tra Vitamins A and D added in the of any physical force.*

amount doctors believe best to help promote sound bones and teeth ( See page 375 for footnotes.

and build resistance to disease. 'The Spoken Word"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Columbia Broadcasting System, March 2, 1958. Copyright 1958.

Ask your doctor about Special

Morning Milk for your baby!

352 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA You're welcome to Postum's good wholegrain flavor

When you're looking for a hearty, healthful drink... try

Postum. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals, slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor.

Postum is 100% coffeefree... contains no caffein or

other artificial stimulants. And don't forget, Postum tastes

so good... and it's so good for you! K mrAMrf m

POSTUM 100% caffeinfree Another fine product from General Foods

MAY 1958 353 The Place of by divine decree the head or the abilities which he expects her to is his comdevelop and use in the furtheranceLDS Woman presiding officer; woman

panion and helpmate. Homemaking of his work.

is joint a enterprise divinely strength with time Whatever and can (Continued) any body, Church division for ordained of labor greatest her spared formmission from be politicaland no franhad woman ing, maintaining, protecting of the wife and mother and her from and chise."of position forward The the

unit. is family callings, Father mother, encourand Church woman to regard withChurch sufwoman's under the law of the Lord, must imaged to use in other useful pursuits.frage gave to early Latterday Saint

an enviablewomen position among plantof thegospelmemberstruths ofintothethe family.hearts Anymay fieldsenter ofshouldendeavorbe concomitantwhich she the nation.women of

While the priesthood is given only Mothers'responsibilities to their with the dignity of her womanhood.

to men in the Church, its benefits children cannot be ignored, if they In the stern necessity of choosing and blessings are shared by the are to please the Lord. the interests she shall follow, the

wives and by every member of the Just as woman shares with man road she shall travel when many family. Elder John A. Widtsoe the privileges and blessings of the interests beckon her and many roads

spoke of this as follows: Church, so, she bears with him relie invitingly before her, the Latter-

"In the ordinances of the priestsponsibility in building the kingdom day Saint woman does not stand hood man and woman share alike. of God on earth. The Lord has enalone. The teachings of the Church

The temple doors are open to every dowed her with special talents and are her guide and her strength.

faithful member of the Church, and it is to be noted that the highest blessings therein available are only conferred upon a man and woman, wife, jointly.husband and Neither to In the teach and show us.can receive alone. them In the Total Fitness came

is principle, every program, Church

Church of Christ, woman is not an (Continued) exercises, family acmotivation, and potential facility adjunct to but an equal partner with tivities, walking, hiking, playing tonecessary to total fitness in ourman."Society (Relief Magazine, gether; better school the In curriculum and young women. men (2)JuneJuly 1945, 373.) page

is activities extracurricular inspiration the and proleader- Church and natural differences The between ship to grams, including intramurals, the work. program make now We and are inman respected woman often effectively neglected; activprinciples teach the ) organized must ( 3 isthe Church. entrusted To woman fully in the communities, program. employ and neighborhoods, We the the sacredby Lord mission of ities

schools, enthusiastically provide churches, must and communicationschildbearing child rearing. and

facilities. the others; must serve agencies, and (4) emphause We calling asThere is no other high,

provide leadership imposiaccept and outdoor on and activity; (5) otherno function so glorious, no sis

lives responsibility in the the personal tion of responsibility upongreater responsibility for woman of youth. our sympathemselves, developbe people young We mustthan to protect spirit guide the and

children of our Heavenly Father ening their initiative and capacity and thetic with other responsible groups trusted to her so that, embodied, sense of responsibility by insisting and agencies in every good and worthwhile endeavor they that in underparticipate they the planningthey return to his presence may take. inspiration the seek their activities must of proper under We ownhaving triumphed over the temptato of the us help the recognize Lord supervision; a program which (6) evils life. of earthtions and

will account for every young boy great challenge at hand and to meet

In his remarks at the dedicatory and girl in the community to be it.

services of the Relief Society Buildcertain that they are cared about and The great educator Horace Mann ing, President David O. McKay decared for. once gave a talk at the dedication

clared, "By divine decree, the In all this the Church should play of a costly school for wayward boys, women of the Church are assigned the central part, for "total fitness"is in which it is reported that he noted the noble mission of being exemplars but another term to describe the the great cost and effort represented and leaders to mankind in the two abundant living that the Master in the building and said, "If all of most worthwhile accomplishments this were done to save just one boy, in mortal life: First, the developit would be worth it."Afterwards

ment of character—that is done in someone criticized him and asked

the home principally; second, the if he had not exaggerated in making

willingness and ability to render MAYBE WORTH TRYING this remark. Said the critic, "Do

helpful service—that through the you really think that all of this effort

organized Relief Society. These two by S. Omar Barker and expense would be justified to

accomplishments, by the way, are save one boy?"

all that we shall take with us when "We must go,"says the guest. "Why, yes, sir,"said Dr. Mann, "it

at of the career, earthly our end we if son."would he were my so?"protest. "Must you wepass portal the through called Death All being children of men God, if it I upset wonder would theminto of the realm the eternal—chareffort or energy any which can be

If just sometime we'dacter service."and to help children our made and youth

We are taught that in the LatQuite agree that they must—to a condition of total fitness should

terday Saint household the man is And let them! be made.

354 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA:i

VIl. # I ve "Found that S&H Green

money

—says Mrs. Howard Robinson

of Lehi, Utah

"T5 I've checked prices, and I've found I actually save money when I shop at stores giving S & H Green Stamps—and I get

the stamps besides! How can merchants afford to give stamps

and low prices too? Simply because giving stamps increases

their volume without proportionately increasing their fixed costs—which results in lower prices. Merchants tell me they

give S & H Green Stamps as a discount for paying cash—and

they've found this a timetested method for building business.

I'm glad, because it saves me money, and I get valuable merchandise too, when I redeem my stamp books."

MAY 1958 355 Jesus Visits His Isaiah and all other scriptures, and may stand spotless before me at the

Other Sheep to add to them his teachings. last day.

Turning to Nephi, he said, "Bring "Verily, verily I say unto you, this forth the record which ye have is my gospel;..."

(Continued) them into twelve kept."Jesus looked at the record

groups. Each disciple repeated to and not rinding there some important Once more the Savior stressed the

his group all Jesus had said on his things which had taken place, comimportance of records. "Write the

first visit, and prayed with them in manded that they be written. Many things which ye have seen and

Jesus'name. More than anything great prophecies found in our Old heard,"he commanded, for "out of

else the disciples desired to receive Testament Jesus then cited, comthe books which shall be written the Holy Ghost, and for this gift manding that they also be recorded shall the world be judged."

they prayed before the multitudes. for future generations. "And he Declaring to his disciples that

Then all went to the water's edge, did expound all things, even from they, indeed the whole generation where Nephi went into the water the beginning until the time that he of Nephites and Lamanites then livand was baptized and then baptized should come in his glory—...."ing, had brought to him a fulness

the other disciples. After coming After healing once more the sick of joy, and had caused even the

out of the water, the twelve men and lame among the multitude, and Father and all the holy angels to "were filled with the Holy Ghost raising a man from the dead, Jesus rejoice, Jesus said that none of them and with fire,"and as angels deascended to his Father. Of his third would be lost. He then repeated

scended and ministered unto them, day among the Nephites we have to the disciples the question with suddenly Jesus again stood in their only the statement that "children; which he had greeted them.

midst. yea, even babes did open their "What is it that ye desire of me,

There followed a time of prayer mouths and utter marvelous things; after that I am gone to the Father?"

almost incomprehensible to the huand the things which they did utter Without hesitating, nine of the man mind. The day before, Jesus were forbidden that there should not disciples told Jesus they wished to

had set an example by praying to any man write them."enter his presence when they had

the Father in his name, and he had "lived unto the age of man."

told the multitude to "pray always,"Mormon, who abridged the Ne- "Blessed are ye,"the Lord replied;

in their church meetings, in their phite record of the Savior's visit, "therefore, after that ye are seventy families, and in private. gives the simple testimony near its and two years old ye shall come unto

Instructing the twelve again to conclusion that "the Lord truly did my kingdom; and with me ye shall teach the people, rest."for the of find spacepray, Jesus to departed now pray

three days; and after that he did Jesus turned to the remainWhenalone. prayed They without ceasing

himself show oft, unto them their did for three and ing answer he menand Jesus returned when and saw oft, break it, bread bless and their in that they and "sorrowed sawthem, smiled, he "the light and of it give unto them."Nothing further afraid to hearts"they because werehis countenance shine did upon of these is appearances given, speak. of but they known John Hadthem, and behold they were

is as there recorded a significant his event similar the to beloved and wish aswhite the countenance also and in lives the of the twelve as souls bring the unto by as long who Jesus..."the garments of Jesus;

with had vigor now testimony and stand, earth they should perhaps "Pray on,"said, Jesus departand forth gone teaching and baptizing feared. not Jesus have would Buting again to prayed his Father conferring and the Ghost. Holy their greatly hearts read and wasthings too great and to marvelous

".... as One day they were united ye,"in pleased: are blessed morebe spoken or written by man; but mighty prayer fasting, and said, ap- "for shall Jesus taste of never ye he theirwith hearts the multitude unpeared to the twelve asked, all and shall live to death; but beholdderstood them. will I "What that shall ye give the of unto doings the the Father unto

"So great faith have I never seen your children of men, even until all things among all the Jews,"said Jesus to Instead of answering the Lord's shall be fulfilled... when I shall

the people after this great prayer question, the disciples told him that come in my glory with the powers service. "Verily I say unto you, there had been disputations about of heaven."He also promised them

there are none of them that have the name of the Church. they would experience no pain, and

seen so great things as ye have "Have they not read the scripthat their only sorrow would be for seen; neither have they heard so tures, which say ye must take upon the sins of the world.

great things as ye have heard."you the name of Christ, which is

As on the day before, Jesus again my name?"Jesus asked. He reOur Savior's final words to these

administered the Sacrament, this minded the twelve that all they did three are almost breathtaking in time miraculously providing the was to be done in his name, and beauty and meaning: "... ye shall

bread and wine. He spoke again that since it was his church, built have fulness of joy, and ye shall sit

of the future of the House of Israel, upon his gospel, it was to be called down in the kingdom of my Father;

telling the Nephites that in their by his name. As if further to exyea, your joy shall be full, even as

land would be established the New plain his words, he said, "Now this the Father hath given me fulness

Jerusalem. Jesus cited at length the is the commandment: Repent all of joy; and ye shall be even as I

words of the Prophet Isaiah, who he ye ends of the earth and come unto am, and I am even as the Father;

said had spoken "touching all things me and be baptized in my name, and the Father and I are one."

concerning the House of Israel."He that ye may be sanctified by the

commanded the multitude to search reception of the Holy Ghost, that ye (Next month: Conclusion.)

356 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Me Teach Primary?

(Continued) Daniel must have felt in the den of wild beasts—but from

that time on, Primary became something of a habit I could never quite break.

Later I was transferred to Nebraska. I arrived in one of those

terrible blizzards I have disliked all my life and as I stepped from the train, I wondered what the weather was like in Tonga. The first thing

I did was visit my grandparents in

Sutherland, Nebraska, to explain to them why I was on a mission and what I was doing. After I introduced the missionaries there to them,

I continued to my assignment in a neighboring town.

After months of profitless proselyting in the winter cold, my companion suggested organizing a Primary.

We started with four children. In

one month, we still counted only

I complainedfour, and we were time. ourwasting com- "Your Part in the Fabulous Years Ahead"My inspired

panion disagreed, and it was good he did because twentyfive days later we counted not four children, butfour Primaries and eighty children. LEADERSHIP WEEK

We arrived at one of our Primaries June 2328, 1958 one day to find many of the chilhair, dirty disheveled withdren BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITYhands and disarranged and faces, clothing. As they circled us with EVERYONE INVITED—The week is not only

their broad, lovable smiles, I confor Church officers; everyone may attend.

sulted with my companion and then LEADERSHIP ACCOMMODATIONS—Stay right on camto thatannounced them halls. Meals we residence in comfortable were WEEK "EXTRAS"pus room and on board arranged "Cleanlilesson be a going to have on "may

ness Is Next to Godliness."A very Threeact play basis, on meal ticket or individually.

practical lesson it was, too, because Arena theater REGISTRATION—Only a twodollar registo all entitles you to admission fee Fashion show tration hair, soaked everyone's combedwe materials, outline and attendance classes,

Science features everyeveryone's hands, and washed at all events.

little movies feature Daily face. one's one even gave We will attendance COURTESIES—Your EXTRA assemblies Devotional bath. a fullcourse Then fellow we free transporby more pleasant be made

school judging I Flower show lesson. to no the had areas lounging sat down campus, tation around

idea of the impression that lesson Exhibits near class activities for those who wish to made. Concerts by great artists rest, emergency health service.

We became reckless in our sucTours INTENSIVE COURSES—You may choose

cess and decided to hold a Primary Archaeology symposium from hundreds of classes in "helps"for conference. The difficulties we enPrinted helps Church"helps"auxiliaryin family organizationliving, genealogyworkers,recountered were partly offset by the Youth program search, science, literature, current events,

wonderful program the Primary genetc.

eral board presented in The Children's Friend, which we used. But CL |p and MAIL

we were still faced with the problem To: LEADERSHIP WEEK

Department Education Adult OnCampus to eighty of teaching LDS songs

Services Extension Education and Adult sepain four children nonmember Provo, University, Utah Young Brigham rate Primaries. We had no piano

and neither of us could sing. MiracNAME

ulously, the children learned the (Mr.) (Miss) (Mrs.) Last Name First Middle

songs in spite of our help. We were ADDRESS

most anxious for a successful proStreet City State gram because we had been holding WARD STAKE.

cottage meetings with the parents

Enclosed $2.00 Registration Q Send Free Leadership Week Bulletin

Make Checks payable to B.Y.U. Extension Services.

MAY 1958 357 of some of our Primary children, the first cottage meetings we had had in weeks. The big evening came

and the chapel, which had seen as few as five or ten at Sacrament meetings the winter before, bulged with 130 people. It was a success!

I shudder to think of the joys I would have missed had I refused to teach Primary, or had I refused my assignment to Nebraska. Sister

Mildred M. Dillman, my mission

mother, used to say to me in my discouraged moments: "You are

not standing on the summit of eternity, Elder, and you cannot possibly see the end result."She was right.

Imagine my joy at being invited back to my mission field after my release to baptize my grandparents.

The present district president was

Gain a Full Quarter of Study With convertedson attendedto thethe ChurchPrimary afterI didn'this

All the Brigham Young University Extras wantafter yearsto teach.of interestAnotherin investigator,the Church,

was finally baptized with her son, Distinguished Faculty—Nationally

Pristarted the attending he will visit to teachers famous SPECIAL FEATURESMORE I a time. of thought waste augmaryafter was resident and adequate ment able the mission Primary board on She is FOR BYU YOU AT artists Visiting teach. also faculty. now. And there are others.

Institutes Devotionals and Lectures—Church

General Authorities, religious scholRehabilitation Speech and Hearing fields ars, and experts in many as choose our books we We should Scientists Junior Engineers and assemblies. in outstanding speak their our companions, would for

Understanding Human Behavior Culture—Thrilling, summerlong sterling and intrinsic merit.

Radiation Biology for Teachers series of concerts by finest artists -C. C. Colton

Summer Music Clinic in music, drama, dance. Paganini

Quartet will be featured again.

Intensive Courses Recreation—Full program of outPerhaps the crowning joy came

Advanced Counseling Theories ings, dances, athletics and the scenduring my last visit to my old misElementary Russian ic Wasatch Mountains near at hand sion field when a charming young

Internship in Remedial Programs for brief trips. The Timpanogos woman who had been participating

Hike in July is a great experience. in the meeting walked over to me

Workshops afterward and said, "I'll bet you Advancement Opportunities—Many don't remember me, do you, Elder?"

Creative Art for Teachers students now finish college in less Rather embarrassed, I confessed that

Economc Education, Utah than four years by taking advan- I didn't. She said, "Well, you really

High School Press tage of Summer School. Teachers should, you know, because you

will find special helps many to face for taught and wash my me how Special Education certification workand outstanding hair."she added, Then comb my Music Education Curriculum clinics. shops and the Church."I'm in "And now

Teaching Spanish Leadership Week—During week of I can still hear my mission presiPainting, Composition, Printmaking June 2328, hundreds of experts dent, Ray E. Dillman: "Elder, you

Supervision of Education in many fields will lecture, Church know, life is full of things we don't

Physical Education in Elementary leaders will speak, and many exwant to do, whether it is being an

School hibits and films will be presented, infantryman in Korea or facing up

Guidance to aid in family and church life. to one responsibility or another—

serving Primary or our even teaching Modern CLIP AND MAIL 1 Dance I mission in Nebraska. rememJust

School To: Director of Summer Reading

Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah ber that every challenge carries a blessing. Be anxious to meet the

Please send me free of charge your Summer School catalog.

challenges that come and your own

FIRST TERM: Name.. experiences will be your own private miracles."

June 16—July 18 Address Me teach Primary?—You bet!

in SECOND TERM: am especially interested

July 21—Aug. 22

35S THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

FOR THAT

REMNANT OF LATE SNOW WONDERFUL by Alma Robison Higbee LUCCA FLAVOR the Beneath blue wisteria sky spring walks apace, * * has crocus forgotten The sleep purple

Of crystalshuttered days; azalea lace *

Flings silken ruffles in the wind and deep

In pinktipped bloom of peach, the urgent bee talk; early Makes the thrush sings brown a note; the slope on While the windflower lea above

Winter has left a shred of tattered petticoat.

Training, Intelligence, ** and Integrity USE Richard L. Evans

Last week we talked of talent without character, integrity, without reof the and moral need for STARITALIAN all all sponsibility of authority, in the use influence, THE

SPOKEN office activity. every and in today and And we WORD like to should to appeal to young people keep the

record of their lives clear and clean for any opportunity or opening FREE Recipe Book; Write A. Giurliani &Bro.

that may ever be offered. From the earliest years of youth the 537 Front Street, San Francisco 26. Calif.

record does matter—and it matters very much: the school record,

the work record, the moral record, the record of all our conduct and acts and utterances and attitudes. People constantly classify

50 NO. LJ us. classify acquaintances Our companions and own us the from RACK WARDROBE earliest of age remembrance. are or not whether They know we

In churches, schools, clean or otherwise; willing honest and or lazy; or undependable hotels, clubs,

dependable—and they remember. And those who haven't known rantsgroups—wherevergather—restaurefer Checker50 to the Wardrobe us they record reason have to, to see when have if we

Racks the answer wraps essentials trust for the or office or any opportunity. essenft. The long, problem. Only 5

tials include, of course, technical qualifications. A lawyer needs andeachhats.providesAvailablefor on50 coatslarge

rubber they go where to to know the law. medicine physical and know A doctor needs

Light, rigid casters—strong welded functioning. needs principles the of An accountant to know keepneeded.steel for lifetime service. Sold by

ing accounts. Men need to be technically qualified for work enleadingequipmentsuppliersand furniture.of institutional

trusted to them—or able to become qualified. But there are some Other Checker Wardrobe Units

essentials other of primary importance, including honor at directly wall on any and honMount 2"fit or longer height. 3'units any esty, integrity, dependability, willingness to work, and cleanliness or interlock available space

and courage—the kind of courage that comes with good conscience. make continuous racks. Come toin

And these are not just words. With a bad record or a bad conSystemand see—therackscompleteof all capacities,Checker

science it is difficult for a person to be at his best, difficult to be locker racks,umbrellaetc., etc.,stands,or phoneovershoeand ourracks,repcall, fully will efficient, survey your need and effective and because conscience a bad is always on resentative

make recommendations. defensive. the Talent are surely essential. and training But some for Write Catalog CK690

other things are also at least equally essential to service and safety VOGEL PETERSON CO.

and effective living of life. And may heaven help the young to 1121 W. 37th St. Chicago 9, III.

learn while yet they are young, while yet the record is clear and clean, that the record of a man's life lives with him, that the books are open every day, and that a person compromised is basically beset with something that impairs full confidence and courage, and FILMS! full effectiveness. One of the greatest needs of our time, and one DEVELOPED

of things for precious the most is young people to preserve, inand PRINTED tegrity, along with talent technical training. and Urgently and

always we need intelligence and integrity in all the public and private relationships of life.

Send Coin Only 'The Spoken Word"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the:.- No CO.D.'i

Columbia Broadcasting System, March 9, 1958. Copyright 1958. MONEYBACK GUARANTEE!

SAM'SP. O. BoxPHOTO1115, Dept. AALAB

Salt Lake City, Utah

MAY 1958 359 Your Question end, but the "command came that they should be sealed up that no (Continued) opened: and another man could read them, and they were

book was opened, which is the to remain sealed, etc., for the Lord

book of life: and the dead were said, "They shall not go forth unto

judged out of those things which the Gentiles until the day that they were written in the books, according shall...

to their works."5 [Author's italics.] "... exercise faith in me, saith the

We may wonder whether among Lord, even as the brother of Jared these books will not be the divine did, that they may become sancticommandments of the Lord. fied in me, then will I manifest unto

In relation to the Book of Morthem the things which the brother mon, the Lord thought it so imporof Jared saw, even to the unfolding tant to this generation that he had unto them all my revelations, saith the records preserved to come forth Jesus Christ, the Son of God, the in our day. "... which is to show Father of the heavens and of theat fan unto the remnant of the House of earth, and all things that in them

Israel what great things the Lord are."8 When the Nephites became

hath done for their fathers; and that righteous after the visitation of our

Lord, that they are not cast off forNephites to have this record, but Scrolls they may know the covenants of the Savior, the Lord permitted the ever—And also to the convincing of when they began to fall away, the

and Original theChrist,JewtheandEternalGentileGod,that manifestingJesus is the commandseal the recordsto theupprophetsagain. was to

himself unto all nations...."G [AuIt is, therefore, because of the

thor's italics.] hardness of our hearts and because Christianity

How are we to know this unless we are not willing to receive the

BY DR. O. PRESTON ROBINSON we study these revelations? With "lesser part"which has been given

Editor of the Deseret News jealous care the Lord preserved these us, that we are deprived of the records for our sakes, and then in greater things. In the Doctrine and

From "out of the dust,"the Dead Sea his own due time sent Moroni, who Covenants, section 130, we are inScrolls have brought convincing new evihid the records in the earth, to reformed as follows:

veal principle them. "Whatever Moreover, so of intelliimportant

dences that the Restored Gospel is eternal. they to as were life, it well as gence the world unto in this we attain

to will the three that special us rise with in the resurrection. Church

Robinson, the O. Preston pen of Dr. From witnesses to prepared were if bear a "And person gains more

Scrolls twicevisited the has Dead Seawho witness to the their world. make To knowledge intelligence in this and

area investigating the scrolls, comes this drawitness effective, these three stood life through his diligence and obedimatic story of their discovery in 1947. in the presence of the angel and ence than another, he will have so

heard the voice of God commanding much the.advantage in the world to

Most important, Dr. Robinson's painstakthem to bear record to all the world. come."9

ing research points out the significance of Why should they bear record to all The following instructions are althe this world, unless of the one was so us given revelation through by of to Scrolls'the contents members the most important remessages ever the Prophet Joseph:

is, the of indeed, one This mostChurch. vealed for salvation? man's

as far "As degenerate from we generation, our in Gospel booksprovocative the weaknesses, our Knowing to the devil descend God, and we all to is forbade record Lord sure to Saint Latterday Mormon a becomeand lose knowledge, knowlwithout and of the teachings covenants and seller.""best saved, cannot edge be while and we with the Nephites which he made $2.00 filled evil, hearts are our with and visited them. he when Mormon

is evil, are there studying no we * 1111111171 states that to write he about was hearts for in our or studyminimi'room good ppi to them, the said but Lord he was 1 IIIIIIH1

Is ing good. not good? Then God ".... part. lesser '-t. the only Deseret ( '-"ill Booh In. record is faithful, good; you be if he then 44 Ejsi South Te "... is to expedient.. which... you be faithful. Add to your faith try their faith, and if it shall so be

virtue, to virtue knowledge, and shall they CO. that believe these DESERET things BOOK

seek for South 44 Temple East every thing.... good shall then the greater things be Salt Lake City, "Utah

faster than no he "A man is saved manifest unto them. Gentlemen: Enclosed please find ( ) made

if for not he does knowledge, that they will not gets if it so be "And check ( ) money order. Amount enbelieve these things, then shall the get knowledge, he will be brought

closed $ 1 have a greater things be withheld from into captivity by some evil power in charge account. Please charge them, unto their condemnation."7 the other world, as evil spirits will

for copies of "The Dead Sea The same thing is true of the wonhave more knowledge, and conseScrolls."derful writings of the brother of quently more power than many men

Jared. The Lord revealed to him who are on the earth. Hence it

Name all things from the beginning to the needs revelation to assist us, and

Address

City Zone State Residents of Utah include 2% soles tax.

360 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Increase Your Earning Power!

give us knowledge of the things of LEARN TO OPERATE THE LATEST SUMMER CLASSES STARTGod."10

OFFICE MACHINES JUNE 9 "Add to your faith knowledge, etc.

The principle of knowledge is the principle of salvation. This principle can be comprehended by the

faithful and diligent; and every one

that does not obtain knowledge sufficient to be saved will be condemned. The principle of salvation

is given us through the knowledge of Jesus Christ."11

When the angel Moroni came to the prophet Joseph Smith, he quoted to him, with some amplifications, the eleventh chapter of Isaiah and said it was soon to be fulfilled. In

that chapter is the following: "They

shall not hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain: for the earth shall IBM KEY PUNCHLearn to operate in 8 weeks BURROUGHS SENSIMATIC - Qualify yourself

be full of knowledge of the Lord, day school or 20 weeks night school. Starting with 6 weeks day school or 15 weeks night

as the waters cover the sea."Also, salary: $225. school. Starting salary: $230.

in the word of the Lord to Jeremiah in chapter 31 of Jeremiah, speaking of the gathering and redemption of

Zion and Jerusalem, the promise is made that in that day the Lord would make a new covenant with

Israel, and he would put it in their hearts and would be their God and they should be his people. "And

they shall teach no more every man his neighbour, and every man his brother, saying Know the Lord: for

they shall all know me, from the least of them unto the greatest of them, saith the Lord: for I will forgive their iniquity, and I will remember their sin no more."STENOTYPE MACHINETakes approximately 16 IBM BANK PROOF—Master this machine in 8

It appears from present conditions months of night school to reach 140 W.P.M. weeks day school or 20 weeks night school.

that there will have to be either a Male stenographers can start at $3505400. Starting salary: $225.

great cleansing, or a great repentCome in or call for further information on Summer School enrollment, ance, before we are ready for this starting June 9.

great day. We cannot at this time

say that every man knows the Lord and needs not to be taught. Therefore it behooves the members of theChurch to turn with full purpose of Business CoCCege LDS ourselves of everyheart and avail 70 NORTH MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY PHONE EM 3-2765 hasopportunity the Lord which

placed in our hands to improve our knowledge of the gospel and our standing before him. THE Ultimate IN FINE CHOCOLATES!

Fresh...

Delicious, Creamy, Handrolled! Books are the quietest and most ButterAssortedcreams Ilk'un<&>%

constant of friends; they are the Handdippedin the

most accessible and wisest of counChocolate.Finest

sellors, and the most patient of specialIdeal for teachers.—Charles W. Eliot Parties and

Occasions.

Maxfield's in SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH MAY 1958 361 Get the

The Editor s Page

(Continued) Fourth, spiritual enlightenment. Cultivate the fruits of Big Bonus the Spirit, which are love, joy, peace,

Change to kindness,ness. longsuffering, and gentleNow, if ever, is the time to make

I practical the gospel of Jesus Christ and to strive to live the principles of true Christianity.

The anchor of our members is the realization that the Church is established as a means of consummating God's purposes; and there is

nothing in the world to compare with the Church of Jesus Christ as an effective organization in alleviating the ills of mankind.

You'll thrill to a new concept of smooth, surging, knockfree power. And now, as we approach the sumChoose the grade your car is designed to use—Ultramer season, we ask you to keep acPower Regular for most cars and UltraPower Ethyl tive in the organizations in your

for those with higher compression. wards and branches, to partake of

Utoco UltraPower Gasoline, created activity by the and of your quorums will research, car permodern make your fast auxiliary organizations, in your its best. at form

Gives new cars more muscle, old cars more life, makes and Sacrament meetings, and there traveling fun and thrifty, too. in these local groups express your

Octane (antiknock) and quality ratings of UltraPower thoughts and seek after the truth.

gasolines are at all time highs. In that way will progress and effiFor greatest motoring pleasure, drive into a Utoco ciency be fostered. Don't stand out

station and get the care your car deserves. on the sidelines and say, "This quoYou ex pect more from Utoco rum is not doing its work,"but get

and you get it! into the quorum and help it do its

work. That is the way which God

intends people to work in this

Church, and it offers to you one of the best opportunities in the world.

My Mother—President Richards

(Continued) and night, sometimes going for a whole week withHere are other Utoco top quality products and services. 'out adequate sleep. She was

UTOCO Super Permalube—finest all weather always there to sustain and encourMotor Oil.

ATLAS Tires, Batteries and Accessories age. She made the sacrifices inguaranteed by Utah Oil Refining Company, cident to Father's professional

honored by dealers 38,000 from coast to coast. Your guarantee of top value. education, and never for a moment

White Torch Restrooms.

friendly service. faltered in upholding the morale of Courteous

UTAH OH REFINING CO. husband and family in times where

utter despondency might have come to one of less determination and

PROVIDES PEACE OF MIND buoyancyI hope thatof spirit.without abusing this

tional item which may have import Ik SMtirf Plan 26,000EVENwesternF0R0LDERfolks now investFOLKSa few privilege I may mention one addicents a day to insure protection against for many mothers. In the face of

funeral expenses. The Sentinel Plan adversity, under the stress of povbills pays regardless of or when where cirerty, sickness, death, trying and

the is need arises and available to to able cumstances, mother was my anyone up to of 80 years age. Write

today for complete details. retain a spirit and influence of composure and what I choose to call

comfortableness. She had the gift

of making all feel comfortable in her presence. No pressure, social

or otherwise, could make her irritUnderwritten by Sentinel Security Life Ins. Co.

362 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA able. No matter what the urgencies

seemed to be she found time to talk Your guide to a with her children, with her neighbors, and to make everyone comfortable in her presence.

social In a day when pressures WASHINGTON STATE exacting, soare homemaking when is often interpreted in terms of housebuilding, when one can scarceMother Nature was good to our state, and we've it easy made successful whollyly be counted for to share you her bounty I think "an ulcer,"without us. this attriwith We've "griddedup"our

bute which I mention is important. state on a map with grid lines every 50

It is a great contribution to the home miles in each direction; about an

average driving. hour's This maplife as well, friends of family, and shows to you how make the most of your

in to feelfor comfortable everyone visit. It's in folder a "Only Hours

a home, whether the chairs and sofas Apart,"and yours for the asking.

are downfilled or not. Do it today! Use the coupon below.

I have fallen far short of an adequate portrayal of the lovely lady

I had the high privilege of calling

Mother. As did all her family, I had

the constant encouragement for participation and service in the Restored Church of our Lord. She

herself found time to preside over a

Relief Society, even though for twentyfive years she was never absent from her home one night. I

am grateful to know that she lives Majestic Mt. Rainier near SeattleTacoma What a setting for your fam ily's summer fun!

in the hearts and lives of her posterity, and among others who enjoyed Come soon and plan to stay as long as you possibly can... because here

her friendship, as a continuing inyou and every member of your family will have the best vacation of fluence for good, for adherence to your lives.

the right, for consideration of For instance: beachcombing for glass balls and driftwood on the wide

beaches; Ocean examining petrified trees tens of of thousandsothers, of all as an most examPacific and years old in the Forest Ginkgo area; the enjoying scenic 70mile Hood of highple of the concept motherCanal Drive; Marine viewing - Coulee Grand mile almost wide; a Dam

hood which has come to us with thrilling to magnificent, inspiring mountains. These are but a few -

the revelations of the Lord defining there are many more - all in a naturally airconditioned climate that's the true place of home in the destiny bracing and invigorating.

of man.

Free folder - Send today!

I LOVE YOU Washington State Department friendly by Rowena J. Bills Gen'lof CommerceAdministration& EconomicBldg.,Development WASHINGTON

Olympia, Washington.

Please send your free vacation folders to; a State ofI love you. Though in how many

ways or Name HAPPINESS Why I cannot tell Address, allconsuming State So is my joy, the thrill City (PLE ASE PRINT CLEARLY)I feel, until

It seems the sun which shines in glorious Radiance when you smile, And stars whose brilliance lights the FREE darkened PARKING Heavens all the while, in Downtown

Would suddenly in dimness disapSail Lake City pear were You not near.

isAll ephemeral—if tomorrow brings Free parking for hotel and dining guests in our new parting a

terrace. 375car parking comfort and convenience Add our ways,Of

in Salt stay to your Lake City.

liveI shall all tomorrows remembering THE PLACE TO EAT - THE PLACE TO STAY

Yesterdays.

HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE COFFEE SHOP DINING ROOMS * BANQUET ROOMS

MAY 1958 363 DRAPERIES "Good men ye should observe to uphold"

Richard L. Evans

This past week or two we have talked of the great need for matching talent and training with intelliTHE gence and integrity. Before leaving the subject

SPOKEN we should like to say something concerning other WORD attributes that would surely be essential in filling any position of trust or any office or assignment. Some others, if

not absolutely essential, at least sought after and earnestly considered, are pleasing or impressive appearance, pleasing or impressive personality, pleasing or impressive powers of expression, and even eloquence: the power to reason, to convince, to persuade

people. All of these surely should be listed as assets. But all of

Simply Beautiful these together wouldn't be sufficient to assure a safe and sound and

Beautifully Simple dependable person without some other essentials, such as fairness '; and forthrightness, a clear, clean record, cleanliness of life, a willfinancial straight trustworthiness, ingness to thinking work, on

of sharp, in matters undeviating sense of "Sj[""";y:""W"V w y =J matters—a honesty money,

with scrupulous keeping of accounts, and strict discrimination as i i to what is ours and what is others—as to what should be charged

private to public or or accounts. those personal with need We

is BeautiPleat a Mechanical interests safe that are secure. our know and And may Device to whom we

Perfectly Pleat your fabric, life of great in satisfaction of find sources is to to the one someone f* stiffening needed No trust, unquiet an is not compromised courage by whose someone Simple top hem "* Looks attractive inside or outside conscience. This is one of the essentials for enforcing laws fairly,

"* Hangs lined, unlined, valance, cornice for a person who has himself cut corners is hardly in a favorable

T* 10 years Guaranteed corners. for cutting position to account call other to people He

Pleats beautifully position in any live it. person the enforce law should The who must who is to ft less less Takes fabric, costs to clean

stand against pressure would be weakened if he has a sense of

CONTACT NEAREST DEALER apology for himself—a sense of apology that has come from the

FRIELS SHIRL FADEL 213 South Blvd. kind of compromise that would make it difficult to deal forthMain 505 Washington

Springville, Utah Ogden, Utah rightly with facts. In short, for all offices and assignments, all

FURNITURE OTTLEY'S PAINTLUNSTROM POT positions, both public or private, we should seek "... honest men Logan, Utah Drive 2157 Highland

STANS FURNITURE Salt Lake City, Utah and wise men... and good men... ye should observe to uphold;

40 So. Main

Payson, UtahSt. PETERSON61 North DRAPERYState.. Z'1—men of faith and courage, and character, no matter what

UNIVERSITY Preston, Idaho other personal attributes or technical training they have to have.

HOME FURNISHINGS KARL T. HOMER

University Ave. North 235 Yellowstone

Provo, Idaho Utah Falls, Idaho Ave. "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Columbia Broadcasting System, March 16, 1958. Copyright 1958.

Or write for information INTERMOUNTAIN BEAUTIPLEAT (See page 375 for footnotes.)

Murray Box 203 Salt Lake City 7, Utah

CHILD AND PEACH BLOSSOMS

by Grace V. Watkins

PURE Vermont Maple Syrup HereIs it herin thecheekpinkor andan orchardgolden hourflower?

VT. GRADE A Is it her golden hair that you see

Or sun through the branch of a blossoming tree?

Gal.-$8.95 Vi Gal.-$5.25 Does it matter greatly—or matter at all?

Qt.-$3.25 Pint-$1.90 It only matters that you will recall

ALL SHIPMENTS POSTPAID An unforgettable day in spring

When you saw a lovely, heartstirring thing.

Graham A. Clark

P. O. Box 449

Brattleboro, Vermont

364 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

HIGH THE TORCH

My Mother—-President Clark

Nothing demonstrates the sensitive tempo of (Continued) the days, and the modern living so much as the fluctuating longer hours of the nights when pulse of markets and commerce.

dread plagues struck and life itself was touch and go, with doctors And for every reader in the Intcrmounbaffled and medicines powerless,—tain West, The Salt Lake Tribune is an

the priesthood and my Mother. Who illuminating beacon reaching into

saw afar off the approach of the every channel. of trade which may

Tempter; who warded off as best affect western prosperity. You

counhis coming;she might who are abreast of the commercialseled and pleaded, betimes admonishing and reproving; who prayed world with The Tribune's

and prayed again,—my Mother. complete market quotations,

Who encouraged, who pointed the exclusive DowJones financial way, who praised when modest dispatches and Robert L.

praise seemed due, who led me by Bernick's coverage of the the hand, seen, now now unseen, to important events in the West'sthe higher Mother. life,—my

Who lavished on me all she had industrial realm. Keeping the

to give, to the last morsel of strength, Intermountain of thoughtfulness, of patience, and West in perspective charity, and tenderest care and with the commercial world anxiety, and hope and faith and is another of the essential prayers, and love ever and always,—my Mother. services provided for every

home and every office by... Who planted and built in me all

I have of character, and energy, and courage, and the will to do, t Halt ptkt %iihmt and high hope and faith and bevuuTzen prize lief in God and in his Son; who One of America's Grea UN ewspapers

helped me along his Way in infancy, youth, and then manhood following quickly; who always counseled me We would like to take this opportunity to anin truth; who gave the thousand nounce the establishment of a summer vacationlittle things and blessings that made ATTENTION experience designed specifically for you.

is inof designed as a summer Our program 18 YEAROLD 15 TO and purlife worth while and happy living wellorganized teresting and group and LDS YOUTH priesthoodposeful—the and my to include: experiences learning

Mother.

May God ever keep me mindful 1. folkRecreationdancing,programetc. to include: swimming, boating, tennis, golf,

of my debt for all of life, for life 2. Reading improvement program.

itself, unlike and above the debt I 3. Spoken French and German.

owe to any other in the world,—my 4. CulturalPageant. activities: lectures, concerts, plays, and Hill Cumorah

debt to my Mother. 5. Individual vocational and educational counseling.

6. Religion classes in Church History with tours to historic spots.

7. Specific subject matter courses where needed and desired.

8. Individual tutoring in any subject as needed.

MOTHER 10.9. SpecificallyFully organizeddesignedLDS groupBranch livingwith experiences.Priesthood, Sunday School and

Mutual. by Helen Wilson Thelife, purposeaid in ofthe thisclarificationschool is toof assistthe individual'syouth in the thinkingtransitiontowardsfrom homefutureto collegelife goals,or adultand produce a laboratory in group living where an individual may evaluate his personal interactions with a group.

Sometime along my early years Theschoolprogramteachers,willcounselorsbe operatedandbyschoolpersonnelpsychologistswho are qualifiedand who forarecertificationactive membersas secondaryof the

LDS Church. The background, for the program is an "Ivy League"University in a

resortYou tiptoed through my heart, summer

For the young area.man or woman interested in joining with us in a summer of enriched

And of my being, my every prayer, experiences please write

Became a vital part. SMITH VACATION SCHOOL FOR LDS YOUTH

108 WEST LEWIS STREET ITHACA, NEW YORK

Sweet Mother, may God whisper peace And melt your cares away. Loose Leaf Bi nders for your Eras

Tell to your soul how very much

I think of you today. $1.75

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 50 North Main, Salt Lake City 16, Utah

MAY 1958 365 Todays Family—Eileen Gibbons, Editor

by Lynne A. Pettit, Ph.D.

University of Utah

"Man shall not live by bread alone...."This

scriptural injunction gives physical nourishment its proper position in the storehouse of human values.

Man does not always or even ordinarily consume bread and other food solely to maintain life. This

may be his prime motive and hunger his basic reason for eating, but the pleasant experience involved in consuming food is a common complimentary goal.

As an agent for sociability or for human understanding, food can be properly identified with diplomacy and the social graces. The value of the family dinner

table in promoting harmony and unity is not to be underestimated.

In extremes of hunger, palatability of food recedes in importance, but in everyday life the flavor of food is a constant inducement to adequate nourishment and to pleasant experience. Subtle social harmonies

frequently swell from the soothing undertones of flavorsome food. Flavorings for food have motivated important human activity. The search for spices\\ in 1492 may be considered as a flavor force leading

to the discovery of a new world.

Yet, in this modern day, precisely what flavor is has not been clearly agreed upon by the scientists or the connoisseurs. It has been described in various wh ways, such as the "voice of food"affecting all the

senses, or as "chemical substances"affecting the chemical senses.

Popularly, flavor is thought to be synonymous with taste, perhaps because there is no specific verb to

PrizeWinning Cook Turns Can of Hash into describe the act of determining the "Heavenly Hash Supper"flavor of a food. However, flavor "It only takes minutes to brown savory hash in a

and taste are not the same. Flavor 'yeastriz'crust,"says Mrs. Brooks Lee of Yuma,

is a composite of sensations, includArizona, a top winner at the Yuma County crusts the ahead and Fair. "I makeing not only taste but also smell

in handy them keep my refrigerator.

and touch and other senses. Of the And how we love that wonderful flavor. |

many aspects of flavor, scientists only yeast can give. Fleischmann's yL

have devoted most attention to Active Dry Yeast, I mean. It's the

taste, probably because it appears fastest, easiest ever—and it keeps

for months right on my shelf!"

to be the most easily measured.

Four fundamental taste sensations / "YEASTRIZ"CRUST are experienced when food is placed ing,Scald6 1/3tablespoonscup milk,sugar,stir in1414teaspooncup shortensalt. minutes.Bake in moderateDo not brown.oven

on the tongue: sweetness, sourness, cupCoolwarmto lukewarm.(not hot) Measurewater. (Coolinto bowlto luke14 pans,(For laterstackuse:andCoolwrapcrusts,in aluminumremove fromfoil.

yeast.) packfor refrigerator compressed Add 1 Hold insaltiness, and bitterness. The taste warm

active, Yeast, Fleischmann's cake, to pans.) Fill age or Return 1 andto 10bakedays asas directedneeded.

mechanism involves taste "buds,"dry or compressed. Stir until dissolved. in recipe.

in Stir mixture. milk and lukewarm Add Filling Savory Hash in ridges cellsclusters of imbedded sifted 1 enriched stir beaten, cups in egg, iy2 set for aside topping Combine and CUP V2 Stir in flour. addiuntil an Beat smooth. fine bread melted Blue nerve cup crumbs,of which from the tongue y2 sifted 1 flour (about). enriched 14 tional cups grated Bonnet teaspoons Margarine, 2

until lightly floured board of three on to Kneadfibers branches lead parsley. onions tablespoons and 2 chopped

elastic. into wellgreased Put and smooth 1 ounces) roast can contents Heat of (15Vi is related Sensitivity nerves.cranial shortening. Cover. with brush top bowl; hash. 1 beef egg heat; from add Remove

draft, free place, rise in from Let warm into mixture well. blend and hot hash Put materials of foodto penetration the 1 in until bulk, and hour about doubled 2 Crust. with "YeastRiz"medium Top

into 3 divide down; minutes. Punch 30 cells, sliced. tomatoes, pore a taste with Sprinkle through crumbinto these

circle. into 10inch pieces. each Roll equal at in mixture. oven moderate 350F Bake

pie 9-inch pan. firmly into the Press to Trim consequent thein bud, and 4-6 1520 servings. for minutes. Makes

tines fork. press Brush with pastry; rim of

breakdown of chemical substances crusts with 1 egg white, slightly beaten.

in the taste cell. Nerve fibers have (Tosmalldecoratecutouts ofcrust,doughplacearoundthinrim.braidBrushor Theprizewinningyeast

been tested in cats to discover that withfree fromegg white.)draft, Letuntilrisedoubled'in warmin place,bulk, taoks prefer

to acids, nerves respondsome

salt, or to combinato quinine,to others V about 20 minutes. PrickAnotherall overFinewithProductfork. of Standard Brands Inc. /

tions of these.

Individuals differ in their taste sensitivity. They have been classified by some investigators by how

they respond to two different specipaint it with fic chemicals in terms of sweet, salty, sour, bitter, or tasteless. These

classifications have enabled the 1 coat...

designation of individuals as "sweetbitter"tasters, "bittertasteless"tasters, "sweetsweet"tasters, and so forth.

But taste is not all there is to flavor. Color, appearance, odor,

sound, psychological influences, experience, and memory, it appears, clean up also have their roles.

Convincing demonstrations have been conducted to indicate the inwith water fluence of color on flavor. Green

seems to be the most agreeable i. -; =*

color for foods. Blue and violet

tend to be in the "inedible"class, with their shades more acceptable than their pure hues. BENNETT'S KRILIKOTE

Also, color preferences in foods... a superwashable flat wall paint

vary by localities. Bostonians, according to one study, buy brown eggs, in 1,322 wotftitytfecolors

Bennett's, 65 West 1st South; 21st South and 2nd West; and Bennett's branches and dealers in the

Intermountain Area and Southern California

MAY 1958 367 RAIN BIRD Leads while New Yorkers buy white eggs. were informed that the juice was obWhere Others Follow.* Deep yellow butter is more popular tained from "fully ripened, fresh"

in the midwest than in the east. tomatoes, whereas the acceptability

Solidyellow scrambled eggs find acof the identical juice was decreased ceptance in San Franciso, while pale if the tasters were informed that scrambled eggs are desired in New it was obtained from "rainsoaked,

York. Tomatocolored bread was damaged"tomatoes. Other experitried on a midwestern market only ments showed that the flavor judgto find that people desired to buy ment of a food expressed vocally by

"bread that looked like bread."a taster prior to the tasting of the

Appearance of food predisposes same food by other persons inflavor judgment on the part of confluenced their subsequent opinions.

For 20 years a pace setter in the irrigation sumers. One investigator believes Experience with food seems also

industry, Rain Bird has led the field in that "we taste first with our eyes."strongly to influence a person's judgimproved irrigation sprinklers. Continu- "The food has to look right,"he says, ment of flavor. The individual may

it "to look as though is clean "tastememory,"a with equipped and be ous laboratory and inthe-field research eat."it, fit to as Having assured ourputs one writer to which he

assures the performance and reliability selves of appearance, we then aprefers in establishing his judgment of all Rain Bird Sprinklers. praise by taste and smell and feeling, of food. The average individual

Invest in Rain Bird, the leader 1 Also, be and possibly by other senses also. has taste, feel, odor, and sight

Odor, like appearance, may premechanisms which upon stimulation sure the sprinkler system you get meets flavor form in the recase of judgments sensory a composite produce

Agricultural of the Society American Engiof foods. not, flavor. Its involvement with many does sponse called He

fits neers'your requirestandards and is flavor flavor easthese commonly and usually sort out known however, ments exactly. ily demonstrable. There is even components consciously but instead

Literature on request. some controversy as to whether the involuntarily groups them together

taste buds or the organs of smell are as an overall response. Memory

the most important element in flavor probably influences this response in

NATIONAL RAIN BIRD of food. This factor of smell is perthe case of specific foods; for examSALES & ENGINEERING CORP. haps the most clearcut evidence ple, a person may unconsciously

AZUSA, CALIFORNIA that flavor and taste are not the recollect an unhappy childhood exsame. To show changes in flavor perience in eating spinach and rewith and without smell, a simple ject spinach thereafter as distasteful.

experiment can be conducted by It is commonly believed that huneating an onion while holding the ger influences the sensitivity of 1957 Annual Index nose.Sound may have some influence on individualsperiments conductedto taste. However,with collegeexstudents that sensitividemonstrated now ready flavorperimentalas well.evidenceThereto supportis little this,exof salty, ties to the primary tastes

but much attention is given to "softbitter, and sweet were not altered

Please enclose a 3c stamp ly played dinner music which can over a twoday period of abstinence create an environment favorable to from food. A similar conclusion that

with your request dining."Sounds may be characterthere was no change in sensitivity

istic of certain types of eating, such was reached in the case of a particuTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA as the crunchiness of a crisp cracker lar aroma before and after eating.

or the apple, fresh of snap a new, that to not say, however, That is to thought 50 North Main St., and contribute be may not have hunger on some effect may

Salt Lake City 16, Utah to the satisfaction derived thereflavor, in view of the fact that taste from. As one writer has put it, is only one aspect of flavor. From

"even the silence that goes with inall that can be determined, flavor dulgence in whipped cream"may is composed of many elements, of contribute to full flavor enjoyment. which taste, odor, feeling, color,

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS Subtle psychological influences sound, experience, and suggestion

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple have been found, by experimentamay be some.

sore throat and other minor mouth tion, to be involved in the flavor of Flavor is a psychological experiand throat irritations. foods. Suggestion is the most preence; it is perceptive judgment arisdominant of these. Flavor judging from the mingling of sensory

ments in controlled experiments with stimulations with other mental prolarge groups of people have been cesses. Physiological, psychological, HALL'S REMEDY

Salt Lake City, Utah altered by providing them with cerand sociological factors are involved. (hMMKV-I >M.'.*<'() tain information concerning the

product they were eating; for examAttitudes, expectations, experience,

ple, in flavor tests on tomato juice memory, and environment couple

DRINK conducted by the author, it was diswith sensory reception, nerve imjuice was increased if the tasters ture, reaction mechanisms, acuity, ficq A delightful covered that the acceptability of the pulses, bodily chemistry, musculahot beverage for those who don't drink coffee.

AT YOUR GROCERS 368 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

$SSSsSf

conductivity, or others, to explain Everybody sure likesa flavor judgment.

propthis light, flavor is more In of the Table Queen Bread!erly considered an attribute

taster than an attribute of food.

That such a hypothesis has basis in fact is supported by an examination of the methods used to measure or identify flavor. These methods are

simply devices to obtain and interpret human judgment.

Food, of course, has an essential role in the creation of flavor: It

provides the sensory stimuli. But

food remains a stimulus, not an effect; flavor appears as an effect.

directly as a examined can beFood

Delicious... nourishing

flavor or of as a groupcomponent of chemical or physical identities Rich in milk—contains the non fat solids of a full glass of milk

capable of bringing about stimulaEnriched with vitamins and iron tion of the senses. Flavor itself can

be examined only in the mental proSalt Lake Cily ROYAL BAKING COMPANY Ogdcn cesses of the consumer of food. <$<

Household Helps temp m hm$rm?

Payment for Household Helps used will be one dollar upon publication. In the

event that two with the same idea are subAdult Education at B Y IS mitted, the one postmarked earlier will receive the dollar. None of the ideas can AVAILABLE COURSES returned, but each will receive careful 285be MAIL TO

..consideration.

UNIVERSITY BRIGHAM YOUNG Adult Education and Extension Services

When putting a coat or sweater on a HomeProvo, StudyUtat:

or child, other place small marble a * small Name—

fists closed, in the object each hand. With

. Address will in jiffy.—Mrs. his through a go hands

5tate City & Iowa. Moines, U. W., Des

Please send me without cost Brigham Young University's Home Study Catalog

When ironing articles that are not slip colorfast, pillow case a discarded over ms&sxxm] It keeps ironing board. the the end of

your regular ironing board clean.—Mrs.

R. E., Jane, Missouri.

Boiling clothespins a few minutes in SKINIf you are PROBLEMS?troubled with rough, dry, "BANQUETMASTER"THE NEW LIGHT WEIGHT

TABLE salt keep water BANQUET will toughen FOLDING and them are skin or an adolesscaling or itching beautiful for today's Designed the clothes freezing to the on from them troubles skin have and cent with Schools Churches given line. as It serves a purpose the same product thinking no would despair, up in Private Cafes Homes

small bag of salt used to clean the frost relieve or heal your skin, then you owe from windshields.—Mrs. L. M., Beaver, it to yourself to try H & M OINTMENT.

Utah. Your druggist has this marvelous healing

ointment and will gladly refund your reif with pleased are not you money for raincoats nylon thread sewing Use w It is sults. odorless to use, and pleasant

will curtains. not thread or Nylon shower skincolor.

P., or R. shrink pucker wet.—Mrs. when

Chicago, Illinois. Made in the West by

L.D.S. workmen.

BISHOPS—Before you buy, compare Banmaterial of and quality for quetmasters pies, the pumpkin making make When design. of Low beauty workmanship,

first, shells butter, with spread and melted SATISFY. paid. TO freight ABSOLUTELY GUARANTEED cost—only $22.66 H minutes ten in refrigerator set for about Guaranteed Satisfaction from order drug*Mstore, or it at your Get

is filling will until not or made. They inspection. for your sent table Sample

get JA 2-6601. telephone collect or Write & LABORATORIES soggy.—Mrs. N. D. H., Salt Lake City, H Utah. M

151 EAST 2ND INC. CO., NORTH, NEPHI, UTAH D. H. LOOSLI

Small Size—$1.25 Large Size—$2.00 Idaho Falls, Idaho

POSTPAID

MAY 1958 369 MWMTUUT! interestingly, cause, (Continued) following the Sunday. presence or The All Aluminum Screen

cerin absence the buildThe polished, and of an audience music is now with the AilAround Frame tain technical preparations are made. ing also has a significant effect upon

Chief audio engineer Paul Evans the sound. A large crowd tends to

and his assistants Richard Welch and absorb much of the brilliance of the

Ray Loveless follow the music asMDESIGN keenly as any choir member, and inALUMINUM WINDOW their doubleglass soundproof booth

SCREENS check the balances and sound levels and also time each number to furnish the producer with timings for the actual broadcast.

Test recordings of individual numbers are generally made up each Thursday, not only for Richard

P. Condie and the newly appointed

assistant conductor, Jay Welch, to study as a guide to the caliber of the performance, but also that the engineers may have a check on the quality of the sound that will be ftfPUCE YOUR OLD SCREENS MOW transmitted the following Sunday. Mary Jack, choir secretary,

with modern M-Design screens. Constant improvements and innovacompiles music for singers.

Sturdily built, rustproof. Never tions in the recorded "pickup"and

need painting. Give positive seating of the choir are made, and sound and also its echo or reverberaprotection year after year. the Thursday recordings make postion. The choir can sound "lifeless,"

sible an appraisal of these changes. as it were, unless compensation is

in the control booth. SEE YOUR LOCAL Lastminute preparations and furmade

ten minutes broadbefore Some the ther during timings are made DEALER LUMBER itself cast time begins the program fiftyminute rehearsal immeSunday Distributed by final to shape. assume now By diately the network preceding

MORRISON MERRILL broadcast to allow for any changes the choir has completed its rehearsal in the conductor's interpretation and the audience is entering the and for any acoustical changes in Tabernacle. While the choir memthe responses of the Tabernacle itbers relax, tension mounts for the

self occasioned by the weather and director, organist, and technicians—

other conditions. This last might and particularly for the one man

For Home and seem unusual, but those who have who will have the final responsithe program in charge have long bility for the production of the

Ward Library recognizedness and dryness,that heatwind,and cold,and dampother producerbroadcast: andRichardcommentator.L. Evans, Thisthe

factors directly affect the tone of dual responsibility constitutes an

Use the choir, the organ, and the resonarduous task, and the choir memance of the building itself. bers marvel at the ease with which

it. accomplishes he of controls, adjustment The final Bind your '57 the audience While is being however, as the can only be made

broadcast itself begins. This is beseated, the organist, conductor, and

Eras technicians are given typed copies of the script of the broadcast, showing order of selections, time allotted each, and other information. At the

same time blackboards listing the order of numbers to be sung are

Send 3c stamp for hunggalleryon soeachthatsidetheof choirthe Tabernaclemembers may be informed.

index to Any lastminute changes are noted, and the time approaches for the broadcast. In a very real sense

this broadcast could be said to be

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "spontaneous and unrehearsed"—for

although the music is well in mind, 50 NORTH MAIN ST. many significant details will be

worked out during the broadcast

SALT LAKE CITY 16, UTAH Conductor Condie rehearses itself: Will the choir sing two or

choir before broadcast. three verses of the hymn today? Will

370 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the brief selection near the end ofthe program be included or exNALLEY'S cluded? Will the hymn that the

organist usually plays following the "Spoken Word"be of oneor fiveminute duration? These and similarproblems are solved only as the LUMBERJACKbroadcast proceeds. SYRUP

But now about two minutes rehas a main to airtime, and the organist if**?'*P

plays the chimes of the organ as areminder to the singers to resume BRAND NEW their seats and cease their industri-...ous visiting. LABEL.

After a brief greeting to the audience in the Tabernacle by Richard

Evans during which the usual admonitions against coughing and movement are stressed, the organist syrup is the same—smooth, mellow and rich NaUey's

begins to play quietly "As the Dew... Only the choicest ingredients, skillfully lUMBERJAt*

from Heav'n Distilling."However,

as soon as the conductor assumes blended, go into Nalley's Lumberjack Syrup his position on the podium, this... No wonder it's so good... Serve Lumber

music undergoes a modulation to jack Syri "Gently Raise the Sacred Strain"—WAFFLES, HOTCAKES,the wellknown theme of the choir. TOAST, FRENCH

light indicating flashed has green Nalley'sA BISCUITS, FLAKY Richsixty remaining, and seconds

ICE SUNDAES CREAM stop his synchronizing L. Evans,ard

watch with the technicians', informs lANNIVERSARY/ the organist and conductor when If it's N ood; 9<ti*nb...QHxCftmu v

only ten seconds remain. His arm

is now raised ready to signal the actual beginning of the broadcast.

All becomes quiet as the final seconds elapse.,...,.,::-'

Attention now must be turned to the control booth in the Tabernacle where much activity has preceded the green light.

For more than an hour the booth has been transmitting the rehearsal music over a special "wire"to KSL, where in turn it has been sent to the telephone company for transmission to the CBS network. The "level"

of the choir and organ (the loudness and softness) has been checked by *H**"* the network and any problems adjusted and solved. This "feeding"of

sound from the Tabernacle has continued until thirty seconds before airtime, at which time the technicians receive a network cue of the have your children seen seconds remaining. For the last

thirty seconds all is quiet.

At a precise moment the green light flashes to red in the Tabernacle, in Richard drops Evans'arm the Goldfishsignal to the conductor; choir the

begins its theme; and another broadhe's part of the fun

cast wings its way along its elecof family dinner in the tronic path. In Salt Lake City and

in hundreds of cities and areas COFFEE SHOP throughout this country, radio listeners hear the familiar theme and Hotel Utah i

Max Carpenter, Manager

MAY 1958 871 the broadcast. In Chicago, Los Mij Mother—(Bishop Wirthlin) the seven children were born while

Angeles, and elsewhere tape rewe lived here. As Father spent

corders are busy preserving it for ( Continued) taught him the gosmuch time away from home, each release in some areas at later hours. pel of Jesus Christ. He was baptized evening was home evening with

Recording Arts in Salt Lake City is July 7, 1850, by Elder Becroft. Mother and the children. She taught

likewise transcribing it for permaMother married my father, Joseph us to pray, and as she was a fine nent Church record and also to fill Wirthlin, in 1892. They moved to singer, we learned and loved to

many demands from other countries Eureka, Utah, where he had a meat sing the songs of Zion—"Love at

for recordings for foreign broadcast. and livestock business and experiHome,""Let Us Oft Speak Kind

As the broadcast proceeds, one of enced many hardships in a rough, Words to Each Other,""Joseph the technicians must be alert to turn frontier mining town. Smith's First Prayer,"and "America"

the publicaddress system in the We lived in Eureka until 1907. were favorites. She told us stories

Tabernacle on and off as needed so Our home was comfortable, and we of Joseph Smith, Brigham Young, that the audience in the building were well fed and clothed. Six of and the other Presidents of the

might hear the commentary of Richard Evans. As the choir pours

out its eloquence in the music of the morning, continual adjustments are made by the technicians to underline a phrase here, to make thealtos slightly more prominent durHome is those who are there ing a leading passage, to keep the "pickup"of music in perfect balance with the intent of the conRichard L. Evans

ductor. All is now an exciting and

continuously experience, even new realisticalwritten, has sometimes There been much for singers. the are hearing They ly, sentimentally, about sometimes makes what and

firstfor the time, along with the are of comforts the course a and There home. THEaudience, the solo selections, of the in a familiar sense SPOKEN conveniences, a of belonging and WORDorganist the and of "Spoken Word"is, it setting. whatever scene wherever and and ButRichard perhaps Evans. And is it is, It no one it there. else are is, and whatever is those who homesingle feature of the broadcast of love the those understanding of welcome, and a warmth weundergoes continual more change live of so in so of with. these concern times and and And much

thisthan "Spoken Word."During social socalled so to solution probfor the searching many muchthe itself, broadcast to the up 'was that well to there lems, never surely be remember it would

itvery will moment delivered, be life likely this direct solution will a simpler, in (and be) never more this brief but always meaningful to some of the most perplexing problems than good and enduring and eloquent sermonette is rehomes where children feel welcome and wanted. And at the risk

vised and polished and altered, of oversimplifying the situation, (at the risk also of raising many words and phrases changed, crossed other questions that are not so simply solved), it surely would out, transposed, until one marvels seem that much of trouble, much of lawlessness and delinqency, that Richard Evans can read the much of maladjustment, could be corrected by happiness at home.

muchabused copy. But always it And it must be apparent that we have sometimes almost too successcomes out without hesitation, seemfully organized almost too many activities outside the home, with

ingly perfectly distilled and unperhaps too little of emphasis on the hallowed place where the changeably perfect as read. deep and enduring ideals first are fixed. One of the most blessed

As the music of the last great memories of childhood is to return home from school (or from chorus by the choir dies away, and anywhere at all) and find mother (or someone else special) waiting the eloquent closing theme "As the with a cheerful warmth of welcome, and love and understanding.

Dew from Heav'n Distilling"is conReturning to an empty home—or house—leaves so much lacking.

veyed by the organist, many eyes And one of the richest rewards of parents is to have young people of the choir are focused on the want to come, want to bring their friends to a home where all feel sweepsecondhands of the clocks in wanted and welcome. Home should be a place of mutual responsithe Tabernacle. With rare excepbility and respect, of encouragement and cooperation and counsel,

tion the final words of Richard of integrity, of willingness to work, of discipline when necessary,

Evans, "This is the CBS Radio Netwith the tempering quality of love added to it, with a sense of bework,"are delivered at precisely longing, and with someone close to talk to. In such homes can

twentynine minutes and thirty secbe solved many of the social problems without so much outside onds after the broadcast begins. Anseeking for the solution. For the young (or for anyone else) there

other fifteen seconds and the red is no more important part of life than the memories of a sincere light goes out, and all relax. and happy home, with someone waiting, with an understanding

Another broadcast in the 29th year heart, with someone close to talk to.

of this great tradition is over until "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the "another seven days at this same Columbia Broadcasting System, February 23, 1958. Copyright 1958.

hour."

372 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

'*// 'i >i it t t,.\\.\

Church. She had a book on the

lives of Presidents of the United

States, and their stories were made to live in my life. I especially enjoyed hearing of Theodore Rooselemon lime

velt and his Rough Riders.

When the sixth addition to the family was expected, Mother was very ill. Neighbors and relatives

assist to there and came in was no in the green bottle in for the the three house room frightened older children. What

could we do to help our mother?

Her teachings came back to us—

yes, we could pray. We knew our

Father in heaven would hear our with the red label supplication, but where could we go? The coal house was the only

available place. My two sisters and

I knelt in the coal, and I offered a prayer asking for help. Was our Get in the Spirit!

prayer answered? always I have

it felt for was, blessed, Mother was little sister another and into serve ice eois"76-.b> -a i 3bjs? came

our home.

When I was eight years old, I; contracted fever, typhoid and had

nine. I vividly I was it again when

Mother's concern remember the and Only 20 Extra Seconds prayers that in she offered bemy care half. Her and love unwas

I bounding, although and no To Make HOT Starch was longer a small child, she often held Only hot starch penetrates lap on her rocked me and me to Saves... Makes ironing easyease pain. sent to She my my name

the temple and I was miraculously Cold starch coats the surface 20 Minutes healed.

... Makes ironing hard. - Mother was active in the different Church auxiliaries and was president Ironing

by Guaranteed Housekei of the Mutual. When she left <PGoad Eureka the organization presented Time PlnK y

her with a mahogany rocking chair which is still treasured by a daughThe easiest starch to iron ter. class also the religion She was... You'll See I president. for Try it readings She gave

programs. "Oh Captain, My Cap-.>3s3Ns9?vov-v>

tain"by Walt Whitman is one that is remembered by her children.

Father's enterprises in Jesse Knight's Mines were successful, and giant man/toe he purchased the Hooper Building k FOLDING on East First South in Salt Lake BANQUET at 127 City and a home South Eighth IRIS TABLES in the East Eleventh Ward. COLORAMA fej president appointed Mother was Prices Direct & Pw Society. of Relief the the COLLECTION During to Discounts

brown golden $1.00 Pheasant, Argus flu great Churches, she epidemic, Schools, was a comblack 1.00 Black Forest, near

Lodges, apricot 1.00 Clubs, pink Splendor, fort

... to many families who were CascadeBellerive, thick cream Institutions and all stricken. purple mulberry Elmohr,.... 1.001.00

. lav. 1.00... Frosty -white Moon, received to go When I my call Phillips, light blue 1.00 on Jane

. chartreuselav. 1.00 Mohr, Lady to a mission Mother Germany, was. 1.00 yellow Lindora, white &

to full very 1.00 red be Pacemaker, dream was happy—a TRUCKS storingMONROE labeled and Shipped princirealized. a Chairstruclt There few easy, Forthe were wayTables postpaid

chairs. modernFoldingtables EachandConstrue* handles

storagtf permits of eitherTruck No. I TSCor ples that well did not understand Storage Transport For space. CATALOG Send tionin limited COLOR?5$ No. Truck TS to in the out preach enough them

for Discounts Write Catalog 54 showing iris, finest of world's collection A world, her was, admonition sizes and types Tables, Folding "Do and 100". Costs us 50c, of MONROEand "Best including

IRIS IMCWIOC. THE COMPANY GARDENS MARBLEyours for 25c. (Free with $5 order) and Trucks. Also popular line of Folding Chairs.

Grandview, Washington '249 STREET. COLFAX, IOWA Box M CHURCH

MAY 1958 373 your duty, study hard, pray always, and all things will be made clear to you."Her letters were always

encouraging, filled with words of love and hope for my success.

When I had packed my clothes in my trunk to go to my own home,

Mother cried bitterly—she knew I

was leaving the sheltered protection of her care in her home for someone else. Her consideration for my

own family was greatly appreciated.

When sickness struck, she took our infant son and cared for him as her own, and we bless her memory.

Mother contracted the flu and died from complications on the 25th of February, 1919, at the age of fiftyone, leaving a great void in her home and her family. She now has

a living posterity of seven children, twentyseven grandchildren, and fortyeight great grandchildren who honor and revere the example she set us in living and teaching the gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ.

SURPRISE SERENADE Deseret

P "I llll I. - n I Ml 'News Press

33 Richards Street Sales Office—Phone EM 4-2581 Salt laVe City, Utah by Maryhale Woolsey

Song brushed my window—a living

thing...

Flutter of feather and sweep of wing;

Alighted nearby in a newleafed tree,

And lifted its voice, singing straight to me!

Trill and arpeggio, and lilting swell...

Lyric more charming than words can tell;

Something of springtime... of sunrise, too...

Wisdom and laughter, and dreams made new...

In my entrancement I wasn't quite sure The fact was not fancy and nothing more; I let Song depart, without learning its nameBut hold past forgetting the hour she came!

FLY BONANZA AIR LINES

374 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA With Reverence

(Continued) away other finer feelings. Certainly life need not be

longfaced. Certainly there are many

times and places when highminded humor and lighthearted talk and heartily informal fellowship are a permissible and important part of life. But there are also sacred places,

sacred hours, sacred subjects that should be reverently respected—and

he who is insensitive to them is sometimes suspected of lacking some essential training or some essential qualities of character. We commend these words from the seventeenth century: "Let thy speeches

be seriously reverent when thou speakest of God or his attributes;

for to jest or utter thyself lightly in matters divine is an unhappy impiety, provoking Heaven to justice, happens...

and urging all men to suspect thy belief."'"Always and in everything

let there be reverence."2 I have the best

ART AND PHOTO CREDTS. possibleprotection 9?

289, 303. 352, 359, 364, 376, John Davenport;

302, Hal 320, Rurnelj 206, 318319, 326, 348, art, Dale Kilbourne; 302, Lionel V. McNeeley327, Before you take your vacation art,306309, Ralph Reynolds; 310, Ernst Wittke;

Rav317. Kooyman; 312, Lorry 370, RvttinR; 322,... take this first step Phone nearest agent ofC. C. Pierce; 331, Harold M. Studios; Lambert

332. 338. H. Armstrong Roberts; 328, 329, 366, Insurance ask Farmers Group—Loiin WiRKins; Virginia 335, Sargent; 328329,

art,336. Lindorff; Jeanne 366. cartoon. to policies to check Dave your him be

Burton; photo, 366, courtesy Turkev Grower's

Assoc; photo, 366, are sure courtesy insured adequately you UtahIdaho Sugar

Corp. against all hazards to—

FOOTNOTES AND REFERENCES FOR ARTICLES:

Your Question %5& tftfSr your car

Hohn 5:39. 6:5761. & C 2MosesRD *Thid.. 50:2324. 3&gfr your home 84:4647.

"Revelation 20:12.

"Title Page. Book of Mormon.

73 Nephi 26:8-10. your business REther you Wherever "D & C 4:6-7.130:1819. go—youof maps,need this complete book ''"Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, p.

217. travel mileage and data. your income

vital information "Ifcid., 297. Contains

With Reverence Ecclesiastes 5:2. in case of accident. your life

2Thomas Carlyle, Inaugural Address, 1866, 12:28. Hebrews

4Thomas Fuller, Gnomologia, 1732. You can get the greatest, widest

Smith, 5Joseph History of the Church Period I, coverage in our history—for nearlyVol. 134135. V, pp.

"Doctrine and Covenants 88:121. at substan7John Ruskin: The Wild Olive. IDENTIFICATION EMBLEM every imaginable peril—Crown of

"Scotchlite"This RFrancis Hawkins: Youth's FREE—tial savings in cost from

"Confucius: of Rites. The Book your on rear bumpBehavior. emblem

reflects at er night to warnThe Power Personality of the Whole in Teaching cars. and oncoming Day Pratt, P. Parley Autobiography, pp. a as it identifies 210211 night you ed.).(1950

careful driver and policyJesus visits his other sheep holder to thousands of our

Scriptural are references 3 Nephi, chapters from on seeing who, employees 28. 10:16.8 through See also John will trouble, car in your

The Spoken Word stop and help.

Talent Without Character Get Atlas and Emblem "Author Unknown. free—from nearest agent

"Revised. listed in any phone book

"Good men ye should observe to uphold"under Farmers Insurance Symbol of\Juperlor\Jiervice *D & C 98:10. Group. AUTO TRUCK FIRE LIFE BUSINESS ALL your insurance needs

MAY 1958 375 The Last Word

Work thou for pleasure, paint or sing or carve—If you never break a promise, if you always pay

The thing thou lovest, though the body starve; the money you owe exactly on the day it is due,

Who works for glory misses oft the goal, nobody will know but that you are worth a billion

Who works for money coins his very soul. dollars. And you 'will be just as good a risk as a man

Work for work's sake, and it may be worth a billion, for all that he could do would be

That these things shall be added unto thee. to pay promptly on the due date.

—Tony Cox—Alexander Hamilton

Hypocrisy works two ways: It makes the bad man

hide his badness for fear of the good man, and the

Child Psychology good man hide his goodness for fear of the bad man.

Her house is very modern, A switch for every chore, There is the same difference between the tongues

Except her little fouryear-oldof some, as between the hour and the minute hand:

And nothing needs it more. one goes ten times as fast, and the other signifies ten

times as much.

—Grover Cleveland

Popular expressions are sometimes misleading. They

call it the "rush hour"around five o'clock, when you sit in your car for half an hour waiting for the traffic to move twelve feet!

Fu Ling, who had just opened a laundry on one The most fertile soil does not necessarily produce corner, studied the signs on the business establishthe most abundant harvest. It is the use we make of

ments on the other corners. our faculties which renders them valuable.

On the bakery was a sign reading: "We never close."—Higginson

Over the garage were the words: "We stay open all

night."The restaurant sign read: "We never sleep."Conscience is the still small voice that makes us

The next morning over Fu Ling's Laundry appeared feel still smaller.

a neat handpainted sign: "Me wake, too."

A friend is not so much one to whom you can go

The amount of sleep required by individuals varies for help when you are in trouble. That has its value.

... except that each person needs just five minutes But a friend is one to whom you can go when he is

more. in trouble.

376 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 10 MEET URGENT PUBLIC NEED Bankers Life & Casualty Company takes revolutionary step in releasing

NEW KIND OF HOSPITALIZATION INSURANCE THREE YEARS EARLY in for release Planned created 1961, conditions 1 AS BASIC HOSPITALIZATION AS ADDITIONAL INCOME so great a need that we protection for those who have no for those whose older policies made accident and sickness insurance! fail to meet today's higher costs! at once Form—in39twoavailableway

ufi/oSOWeefc

are week you—for every a in the hospital—$700

u)tn|iff/|P. advancedany policy newyou nowtype haveof insurance!with this over and week above any you collect from money

V.A., Workmen's Compensation, or other insurance.

THIS NEW POLICY;s so unusual—so different—so clear cut and simple

that you will have to read the policy itself before you can grasp its extraordinary WAITING PERIODS NO WAITING PERIODS policies old waitwaiting has 39 Most no had Form printedfeatures. to put copy in your For an actual that reason now offer we all origining periods. disease periods of 30 days Any

yourself privacy it to of your in the because home. hands.—diseases amazed after will be You to ating 6 12 the dateRead your and monthsfor on

for serious disorders. policy is covered.

In less than 150 words of plain English at home—at work—in your car—on LIMITED ROOM RATE NO LIMITS ON ANYTHING

it binds this Company to pay you $100 vacation. Even if all your expenses Almost all old policies limit Form 39 does not limit your

hospiIf for private paid the payments. amount policies, are room for in cash are every week a paid other by by you week Worktal at as a $15.00 a day, low $4.00 needed room hospital. regular in or limited the A. V. Compensation, any men's by No

will all inday) wholly isthe but $100 an amount(as pay still specified full of get the $100 week. a amounts. payments you You for cost. costs. of the weekly $5.00 adequate 1958 get 50 to $100 a week up weeks—up

HOSPITALS""PLAN HOSPITAL ANY YOU CHOOSE $5000.00. to direct to It the guarantees pay money

in policies covers regu39 cover group any you F Many tell to to checks unless us send you you for sickIt guarantees every in lar payment in hospitals. hospital or S. only Plan U. you Can. hospital. to or doctor limitayour No illness or except mental normal

in Full only Ptrt PHORflTING—Pays NO tion the use Use you money. on how origisickness which nesschildbirth—any in policies addition to pays paid 39 only Form it PRORATING-PayMany like, it or in the put way any you is issued. after policy the nates Otherif part other had and any payments you Workmen's for future emergencies. bank are there waiting periodswise no source. insurance. get or other fromall Comp. you any

no exclusions. It is renewable at the option of the 3060- or 100DAY LIMITS PAYS 350 DAYS50 WEEKS

limit policies full for old a pays 39 Most time 50 Form It that can guarantees the guarantees and you payments for company same full if limit to days, to 100 $5000.00 up some weeks—or wish. cancel notice occurat time those kind any you any No of accident—even half are for the to hospital 30 days, payment you is this ring protection at work. necessary. have to the company You for 30 next the year. a Mightin a be godsend payment

after that nothing! if you had a long illness.

Mail Card for FREE SAMPLE POLICY—Read at home! PAYS DOCTOR OR HOSPITAL MONEY PAID TO YOU

Almost all old policies paid Form 39 pays you $100.00

if first a doctor costs to your the actual this If to even the insurance. of type money read you advanced one modern and haveBe

it hospital for are the or only the the pays week,less—and find of inare out health 18 the 1) good and whether between ages 70 and now now costs. actual to you. money

it little eligible, will prothis cost exactly to extra are have 2) youyou and how SICKNESSES EXCLUSIONS EXCLUDED MANY ONLY TWO for fortection the yourself family. of out your dependent any Cut and members policies older excludes only exclude 39 menForm Many

card below and mail at once. from 10 to 20 sicknesses. tal illness and childbirth.

ACCIDENTS AT WORK EXCLUDED PAYS FOR ALL ACCIDENTS

A Part of the Famous Sponsored by BANKERS LIFE Many older policies exclude Form 39 pays for all acciat work. WHITE CROSS PLAN & CASUALTY CO., Chicago accidents at work. dents—even

FROM B. L. 4 C. Co. 1958

Name.

AddressZone City..or RR#.State. GET SAMPLE

THIS CUT OUT REPLY BUSINESS POLICY CARD

12735 Chicago, Illinois First Class Permit No. CARD AND

POSTAGE WILL BE PAID BY MAIL TODAY!

Bankers Life & Casualty Co.

An OldLine Legal Reserve Stock Company No Stamp needed* Cut out Business Reply 4444 W. Lawrence Ave., Dept. 2550 Card at left—print in your name and address. Mail

Chicago 30, Illinois cardto dotoday!with (Printingour offer.)on Sampleback of cardPolicyhasandnothingfree

0900 information will reach you promptly—no obligation*

..

<//vt/la<,/ W/l/CtW'd&

Today's Mom often has to be the family chauffeur, bookkeeper, home manager, purchasing agent, nurse, dietitian, and..

well, the list seems almost endless. But

when it comes right down to it, it's the intimate "little"things she does that are long remembered... like helping a daughter make that very special dress for her

first formal party... or giving wisdom

and understanding when it is needed most for a host of childhood and 'teen problems.

So many of these important "little"things only Mom can do—and she can

do them only if she can be at home with the children during those important "growing up"years. The greatest gift a man can

leave his children is their mother's time...and a Beneficial Life Dependency Period

Income provides just that. Learn more

about Beneficial Life policies that include this important provision.

Your Beneficial Agent has had special training and years of experience that will help you get the most for your money.. BENEFICIAL LIFE

and the best life insurance program for you and your family.

Call on him soon.

Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah