As the

ninetyfirst year closes on the life

of President David O. McKay,

who was born September 8, 1873, friends and members of the Church throughout the world who proclaim him a prophet

raise their voices

in thanksgiving and praise for his long and

dedicated life.

And even as the stage is being set

for his ninetysecond

year,

(Continued on page 719)

The Improvement Era September A New Look at BYU A new football coach, Tom Hudspeth, surveys progress on the new allsteel stadium at BYU which will be ready for the first home game of the season,

Oct. 2, with New Mexico University. It will be played IfHHHHHHMMRIBBHHMHHMI

by an almost allnew BYU team with a new spirit and a new system. The occasion will be marked by

impressive opening ceremonies, and has been planned eleven colleges with sixty departments; the doctoral

at 8 p.m. on a Friday to accommodate LDS General degree program has been established; the semester

Conference visitors. system has been adopted in place of the quarter

The stadium is just one development in the new system in the interest of scholarship; the scholarship

look at BYU. Also under construction are the new program has been enlarged to attract the top stuStephen L Richards Physical Education Building, five dents; the entire curriculum has been reviewed and

new sevenstory residence halls and the new Franklin revised; and the students themselves have organized

S. Harris Fine Arts Center, which will be one of the the "Academic Emphasis"program to lend pride to

outstanding buildings in the nation devoted to an scholarship and broaden their horizons.

integration of the arts. Also, the new Y Center, which You can be a part of this growing student body

is one of the largest union buildings in the nation, with the new spirit on a new campus.

will go into full operation with the opening of the autumn semester. In all, there are more than one

hundred major, permanent buildings on campus. REMEMBER THESE DATES

The campus new look is only part of the new

BYU. Of even greater importance is the academic

spirit. In the last decade five colleges have grown to New Student Orientation Sept. 1516

New Student Registration Sept. 17

CLIP AND MAIL—Registration, all others Sept. 1819

TO: Classes begin Sept. 21

University Relations Division Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah

Please send me more information about BYU. 1 am esBrigham Young

NAME UNIVERSITY

ADDRESS - PROVOUTAH

CITY STATE!

Jj And when you do, remember that the Exploring ofsweetnessenergygivingand purity the naturalU & I Sugarblendis thatthe

Universe enhancesflavor... theand reallike fruit

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr. p&rms. the fruit itself,

U & I Sugar is home grown and home produced. f

UTAH AGRICULTURAL STUDIES

COMPARE YIELDS, COSTS Studies at the Utah Agricultural

Experiment Station have compared the yields an acre in Utah of an average 19571959 against 19201924 and found that alfalfa increased about 18 percent, canning tomatoes 22 percent, barley 44 percent, spring wheat 54 percent, sugar beets 59 percent, potatoes 75 percent and snap beans 136 percent. Compared

to 1915, in 1959 for canning peas only 24 percent of the labor was required, for alfalfa 28 percent, sugar beets 38 percent, potatoes 55 percent, and snap beans 142 percent.

Range cattle in 1960 compared to 1925 required 70 percent of the labor, but had a net income per cow of 140 percent, with an operating cost a cow of 255 percent and total investment per cow of 410 percent.

MEASURABLE DIFFERENCES

NOT ENOUGH A report of the American Association for the Advancement of Science

Committee on Science in the Promotion of Human Welfare concludes:

"That the available evidence on the measurable differences among racial groups cannot properly support a challenge to the principle of human equality, which is assured by the

Constitution of the United States.

The use of purported 'scientific evidence'to justify noncompliance with the Constitution debases both science and the human conscience."

SEPTEMBER 1964 705 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for September 1964 Volume 67, Number 9

Church Features ART AND PHOTO CREDITS

The Editor's Page: Over the Years, President David O. McKay.716 Art719 Direction:Photo: WalterRalphZ.ReynoldsLillian

Your Question: Jesus Christ the Literal Son of God, 730, 732 Photos:Service Church Information

73435 Photos: Deseret News

President Joseph Fielding Smith..718 73839 Photo: Robert Perine

74445 Maryon Art: Ed

Art:MIA June Conference Address 74174647Photo: Ruth Widmar Dale

Church Building "What Is Man, That Thou Art Mindful of Him?"Thomas S. Monson 730 74950 Photos:DepartmentKilbourn

77677 Art: Virginia Sargent

Virginia Sargent 712;The Church Moves On,

Photos: Tahitian Saints Visit Temple, 759; Melchizedek Priesthood, 772; 785799780 Art: Winegar Ramon Bishopric's 774.Presiding Page, Art: Kilbourn Dale

All other art and photos: Ralph Reynolds

Special Features Studio President David O. McKay, Research by

Albert L. Zobell, Jr., and Norman F. Price 719729

Athletics and Sports, Monitor Noyce 734

The Woman He Marries, Jean Johnson 736

When Parent and Child Disagree, F. LeGrande Magleby 738

Get out of that Rocking Chair, Genevieve Van Wagenen 741

Genealogy: My Genealogical Mission, Joyce Lindstrom 744

Making the Scriptures Live, Kenneth W. Godfrey 746

Behold, Mine House, David E. Lofgren... 748

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 752, 754, 764, 766 Information on reservations for

housing accommodations while attending the World's Fair may be S. Harris, Universe,Exploring Franklin the Jr., 705; Letters and Reports, 708; These Times: obtained contacting byIs in the there a Doctor 710. House? G. Durham, Homer Ernest H. Wiemer,

LDS World's Fair Housing Center

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor Rego8452 Park,63 rd Avenue

New York 11379 Tightening the Reins 776 Courtesy: Hallmark of the Attractive Child, D. S. Peet 780

The Era of Youth: Shakespeare, Soul of the Age! 785

The Last Word 800

Stories, Poetry COVER NOTE:

Carbon Copy, Millie Foster Cheesman 733 The handsome portrait of President

Fayette's Foster Families, Janice T. Dixon 742 DavidAlvin L.O. Gittins,McKay professorwas paintedof artby

Poetry.......752, 760, 762, 770, 778, 782, 783, 784 inat thethe centralUniversityfoyerof ofUtah.the PioneerIt hangs

Memorial Theatre on the University of Utah campus in Salt Lake City above the following inscription:

The Improvement Era Offices, 135 South State Street, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 DAVID O. McKAY

of leader—educator—patron David Editor; O. L. Richard Green, Associate and Managing McKay Marba Managing Doyle

arts—prime mover Editorial Editor; Research Associates; Fillmore, Beckt Cahter Today's FlorenceC. Josephson, FamilyEditor;Editor;AlbertMarionL. Zobell,D. Hanks,Jr., Religioustheof this building Editor; Direction: Editor; Associate Art Era Era Studio. Youth The Higgins,The E.ElaineGrant,L. Evans,Cannon,DonnaEditors; RalphB.ReynoldsPinnock, Youth in memoryin the ofcreationthe of of

G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Hugh Nibley, Sidney B. Spehry. Alma A. Gardiner, Contributing Editors. Utah pioneers who built the first

G. Carlos Director; ThayerSmith,Evans,Jr., GeneralAdvertisingManager;Director.Florence S. Jacobsen, Associate General Manager; Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription theater in the Rocky Mountains.

is interest of portrait the center The

Copyright Inc., Saints. 1964 the by of of rights published Funds, All of Associations Christ Mutual Mutual Latterday Church and Improvement The by for University attending audiences

reserved. price, Subscription a in to year, year, subscriptions, the $3.00 year $8.25; $5.75; advance; succeedingJesus each $2.50 added multiple 2 years, a 3 years, productions. Theater Everyonethree price. year

the to Pioneer welcome Memorialis

Post-- Entered at the Office, Salt of City, in for at for postage provided special section rate 1103, act matter. Utah as secondclass Lake mailing Acceptance to original of Theatre the viewvisit of October 1917, authorized 2, 1918. July

painting. is notThe Improvement for for of unsolicited Era responsible at paid Manuscripts rate acceptance contributions. the on are 2c this but manuscripts welcomes

a and sufficient word be accompanied must postage return. for delivery by and

Thirty days'changes cannot noticebe madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof address.as well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Coverby DeseretLithographedNews Pressin full color

706 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA OUT OF THE BESTBOOKSAn Anthology "SEEK YE of Literature, Volume I (THE INDIVIDUAL ANDHUMAN VALUES OUT OF THE by Bruce B. Clark and

Robert K. ThomasI The Relief Society reading 0UT0F BEST BOOKS

course for 196465! Great

literature of from the pens BOOKS WORDS Robert Browning, William

Wordsworth, Robert Burns, Ralph Waldo Emerson, and a OF WISDOM"host of others!

THOMAS Only $2.95 (D & C 88:118)

JACOB HAMBLINPEACEMAKER by Pearson II. Corbett

edition with A new over 500 AND THEY SHALL TEACH of fascinatingpages reading! THEIR CHILDRENThe absorbing biography of

by Reed II. Bradford

Jacob Vernon Hamblin, the Mormon Daniel Boone! A on Provocativehome and familyreadinglife!forH everyoneIncludes

masterpiece of Church historv, an agenda for successful home evenIndian folklore, exploration, ings and family nights! M The qualities

pioneering, and human interest! of maturity, the problems of marriage,

Jacket cover by Arnold Friand the jovs and obstacles of family berg, Utah's internationally ife are skillfully handled!

known artist! Only $3.50

Only $4.50 THE GLORY OF MORMONISM by John J. Stewart THE FALLACY

Inspiring, informative, enby Alv in R. Dyer

joyable reading! Chapter titles An LDS best seller that simply

include: "Thomas Jefferson and must be read! B The doctrines of The

the Restoration of the Gospel..."

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterdav "Joseph Smith, Democracy Saints and The Reorganized Church

Unknown Prophet,""The Tru are skillfully compared! The author,

Story of Plural Marriage,"an Assistant to the Council of the "Mormonism and the Negro,"Twelve, Writes with force and clarity!

"Mormonism vs. Communism,'Only $2.95and "How You Gain a Testimony...."The author is Professor of Journalism and Editor

of Publications at Utah State iisuiaauHxumn uinitauuii

University!

Only $4.95 Deseret Book Company 3 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

Gentlemen: Enclosed please find check [] money order [] I

have account, please> tease cicharge rj. Amount $., tor

nci n ten num bered boolooks: 1 2 3 4

tte$eretCOMPANY Book N<line.

44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND AT COTTONWOOD MALL

CITY SALT LAKE BLVD., 2472 WASHINGTON OGDEN Address.

777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA

City Zip State Residents of Utah please add li hy"< sales tax sun - SEr-e a

Teamwork"buys this new Wurlitzer organ Letters for your church and Reports

ORIENT ERA PRAISED THE VOID WAS FILLED

For the past few weeks I have been President Stephen R. Covey

anxious to write you and now have a moIrish Mission ment to do so. It is about the March Belfast, North Ireland

issue of the Era. Never have I been more

in publication thrilled church any with my President Dear Covey:

I this life. have I simply because not say unique, practicalget the affairs in Asian involved personally been article in I the January read your have chapas a in past years few the Mormon the ["Filling Void,"p. Era Improvement history of as Asian teacher a lain and now

. in to referred I the young man 26] am at nor because even religion here and BYU,

.. first article. might part of the the You visually is of the most this issue I feel one ORGAN girl. I that to not that like did marry. know conof the issues, because but attractive

tent of the articles. I continue to be Many times since then I have given thanks FUND amazed that Brother Hinckley, with all of to God that we did not marry. I know

his responsibilities and interests, could that I would not have been able to convert have the time and the ability to write such her and that I would have become an inRAISING an informative and accurate series of artiactive member.

cles on the history of our missionary work It was your interest in me, a person you in the Far East. It would be impossible didn't really know, and your love for me PLAN for me to exaggerate my sense of appreciajust because I was a person that brought

from Wurlitzer havetion tocontributedyou, to him,towardand totheall creationothers whoof methis toandrespectthe Lord'syou andhandyourthatlogic.savedIt wasme

this eminently successful issue. from a very serious mistake. With all my

that I and to you say thank you want Spencer to proven, "painless"procedureA inspiration to influence great and a Provo, UtahJ. Palmer heartwereraise shares funds. Every member it the I that was Lord who me. know

. for contributions payownership office. to your brought me parts. plan of organ.specific. the is ERA IS CHURCH CONTACT The of the Church I have been a member

flexible, and can be easily adapted to for four years and have been in the your particular organ choice and con- I am a nonmember though not of my Australian Mission since November 1962.

gregation. Your Wurlitzer organ dealer own choice. I have little contact with the During this time I have had greater hapcan give you all the details. Church but have a testimony of the truth piness than I ever thought possible. My

of Christ. the restored of Jesus Church understanding testimony has grown; my

church Era The Improvement is my has grown; of gospel principles and I have

blessing. I contact find precious a Kit includes and in the other people can grow seen how

of exthoughts each month many my is joy there the greatest gospel. That

I in that find. words could never charts pressed. Progress.. is.

inspiration inside The the guidance and is that to let letter you you know This covers have of this magazine helped me cards Pledge to that the one no able bridge gap to were attitudes healthier form stronger a and... to bridge. able else was testimony. envelopes. Pledge

yours, Gratefully Klepter Mrs. Marvm

Payments chart Cedar Falls, Iowa L. R.

See your Wurlitzer organ dealer or send coupon CORRECTION Inadvertantly an important chart was omitted from "What Are We Doing with DiDept. IE964, vorce?"by Phillip R. Kunz on page 576 of the July Era. Here is the promised chart:

Kalb, Illinois. De WURLITZER,

information on PERCENT DIVORCED OR SEPARATED Please send me

Wurlitzer church organ fund raising plan. TYPE DIVORCEDMARITAL STATUS FREQUENCY CHURCH ATTENDANCE

Name MARRIAGEOF ARATEDAND SEPMARRIED TOTAL % TOTAL NO ATTENDANCEOF FATHER MOTHER TOTALFATHERSNO. TOTALMOTHERSNO.

Address. CIVIL 12.3% 87.7% 10O.O% 73 ALWAYSOFTEN 7.01.9% 2.3%3.7 15643 (7454

19 27 15.8 7.4 City.Zone State. 100.0 3.2 96.8 CHURCH 11 21 27.3 4.8 62 SOMETIMESSELDOM

11 4 25.0 NEVER 97. 100.0 13S 2.2 TEMPLE 8 12 NOT ASCERTAINED18.2

WuRlilZER WORLD'SOF PIANOSLARGESTAND ORGANSBUILDER

708 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA JUST OFF THE PRESS

1. "HERE IS BRIGHAM..."

the to years 1 844

S. Dilworth HERE IS Brigham Young by Young BnTPTJ AM Filled with excitement and historical facts, this

Brigham new biography brings to life many heretofore unknown

Young facts and details from the early life of Brigham Young.

Reading this outstanding new book, you will find your own years J testimony strengthened as you travel with this great man to 1844 from his youth and conversion to the Gospel through the tragic martyrdom of the Prophet, Joseph. Filled with maps

and drawings never before published, this book contains

YOUNG j actual photographed excerpts from the personal diary of

Brigham Young.

$4.75

'- "-3. 2 - \—m THE IF A '

f * Gospel GOSPEL MAN KINGDOM

I Kingdom by MM. by "

John Gordon T. 1

Taylor E Alfred

ting book takes you from A new approach to Bible reading for

Out of print since 1947, this religious life through death and... young members of the Church. Printed

giant is once aga in available. Cominto the s pirit world. Punctuated in two colors and richly illustrated

piled and edited bj l J. Homer Durham, throughout by quotations from leadthroughout, the story of Jesus and

President of Arizoi la State University, ing church authorities, this book also other Bible personalities seem to

THE GOSPEL KIN GDOM is made up has several complete sermons on the come to life for the young reader, from the select ed writings and subject of ( ieath—including one by giving him a new concept and underdiscourses of John Taylor. the prophel!, Joseph Smith. standing of the Savior and his mission.

$3.75 $3.50 $2.25

BOOKCRAFT 9-64 ORDER BY MAIL 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

I OR FROM YOUR enclosePlease sendcheckmeor themoneyfollowing.circledorder for $ books for12which3 4

NEAREST BOOKCRAFT DEALER Address.

City

SEPTEMBER 1964 709.

Is There

a Doctor in the House?

THESE TIMES By Dr. G. Homer Durham

President, Arizona State University, Tempe

You just can't

beat Benson's 108

Old Home Fruit Cake! 100,1000

This natural fall fund raiser has proved successful in more than 15,000 profitable fundraising campaigns. Last year, groups The Health Information Foundation Some 69 percent of all active

like yours raised from $50 to $3,413.85. of the University of Chicago has physicians outside federal service

Let it put your club's project in the black published an interesting analysis of are reported to be "specialists"this year. what physicians do. (Where Physirather than the familiar "GP's"

cians Work, Vol. 13, No. 3 of the (general practitioners) of former

THE BEST CAKE bulletin series, "Progress in Health days. Today there are thirtyfive

choice fruits pecans; Services,"1964.) Medical education distinct specialties whose standards Prize recipe—75%and papershell

25% rich poundcake batter. and training in the health sciences are set by nineteen examining

It's sliced! of largest boards. generally deal a great number received The has

Beautifully packaged specialists reported in 1962 in in States were in: attention the United Moistureproof inner wrap of

Institutes ( 45 percent surgery years. The National in recent

cine, pediatrics, and ) other; internal"medical"mediap- alone spend of Health (NIH) every reusableDelicious—acclaimedstatecontainers.as the best!

Unconditionally guaranteed specialties psychiatry billion dollars an- a proximately (32 percent);

to your please you and to of and it allocated and neurology (10 percent); nually, much customer.

Full value—no gimmicks. medical schools. the remainder were radiologists,

The Chicago study reports 278,275 anesthetists, pathologists, and so

THE BEST PROGRAM physicians in the US. Of these, forth ( 13 percent )

Proved profitable—in over 10,660 are retired; 2,752 are engaged In the past thirty years, the fol15,000 fundraising successful

campaigns. in activity other than medical praclowing trends have appeared. First,

profit $1.00 per sale—on 3 tices; 21,914 are in US government an increase in the number of physimainseller. pound

"specialty."cians time to a devoting in foreign counare 3,133 Bonus cakes add service;

to your plan—freeprofits. in the Second, located. tries or This an increase number cannot be

Free sample slices to help leaves 239,816. engaged in "group practice."Third, a sell more. you

Eyecatching sales aids. Then there are 11,021 fulltime slight increase in the percentage of

No initial investment. hospital staff members; plus 35,156 active physicians engaged in fulltime

Freight prepaid.

Sold exclusively through residents and interns. Some 12,000 hospital staff work (from 3.1 percent

civic, church and community are in fulltime teaching, administrain 1931 to 4.6 in 1964). Fourth, a

groups. tion, or research, which leaves more remarkable increase in the

For free fullcolor brochure and a sample 181,639. number of interns and residents.

fill out coupon and mail today. In 1931 there were 108.4 physi- (Fulltime hospital physicians other

159n cians100,000in population.private practiceIn 1964to everythe than145 percentresidentsfromand 1931internsto increased1964, but

FRUIT BENSON'S CAKE OLD HOME residents increased 100,000. 576 93 per interns and ratio was Use of

Georgia Athens, P. 0. Box 1432,

transit, technicians, percent, rapid 5,200 to 35,156.) medical or from

Please rush color brochure and a sample modern and efficient clinics and Fifth, the percentage engaged in of Benson's Sliced Old Home Fruit Cake offices, and the supplementary servteaching, research, and administraices available through expansion of tion outside of the federal governName related health sciences has unment increased by 310 percent.

Address. doubtedly more than offset any disSixth, the number of all active

City.State. advantage to patients because of physicians working for the federal

the ratio's decline. (Continued on page 752)

Organization UPosition in Organization. 7J

710 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA You are most cordially invited to hear

THE MOST DISTINGUISHED ACTRESSES and ACTORS of OUR TIME BRING YOU THE MAGIC of

Shakespeare

AT P.M. oo STARTING THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 17 and each Thursday thereafter for 26 weeks

IN FULL DIMENSIONAL STEREOPHONIC SOUND

Some of the plays you'll hear...

Hamlet Macbeth

Measure For Measure Julius Ceasar

Trevor Howard Dame Edith Evans King John Coriolanus

Much Ado About The Winter's Tale

Nothing Merchant of Venice Troylus and Cressida

The Tempest A Midsummer Night's

Dream Romeo and Juliet Othello The Taming of The Shrew Cymbeline As You Like It King Richard II

Anthony Guayle Sir John Gielgud

BROUGHT TO YOU AS A PUBLIC SERVICE BY:

Claire Bloom Rex Harrison

on BROADCAST HOUSE 100.3FMMG

jdi Siobhan McKenna Sir Ralph RichardsonM

SEPTEMBER 1964 711 The Church Moves On JUNE 1964 100% PROFIT The Singing Mothers—three hundred voices strong—representRelief Society Massachusetts, ing Singing groups Mothers from

District of Pennsylvania, York, Columbia, and VirNew Jersey, $50.00NOCASH INVESTMENTevery time 10 members of your New

group each sell 10 cans of KitchenFresh Choc ginia, under the direction of Mrs. Ellen N. Barnes of Washington, olettes or Coconettes at $1.00 per can.

size at the canisters presented cost 100% World's PROFIT! The Florence two concerts and J. Madsen, DC

for only 50c $1.00! each—sellonelb. Pavilion, at the the opposite Fair York Mormon Pavilion New lc! 100 Order INVESTMENT!group NOyour EVEN NOT

cans to 500 today. to 30 to up send days Take Fair. day. also given on the following were World's Two concerts

payment. Give your name, phone number the enjoyed persons twelve thousand In all an estimated etc the complete address, address, and title,name,

of group, quantity 2nd officer, of name of each presentations.

desired, Freight parcel Office (no and nearest post). Extras sent FREE to cover shipping cost

ONLY!east of Rockies.WRITE TODAY!OFFER OPEN TO GROUPS At South Royalton, Vermont, modern designation of the birthplace of the Prophet Joseph Smith, a threeday commemorative program under the direction of Elder John Longden, Assistant

VERNE COLLIER to the Twelve, began. June 27 marked the 120th anniversary of

the martyrdom of the Prophet and of his brother the Patriarch

Hyrum at Carthage, Illinois.

Dept."5-10 900 No. 19th St.

BIRMINGHAM 3, ALABAMA This weekend saw the conclusion of stake conference sessions for the summer. The schedule will resume the weekend of

August 15 and 16.

Every Rain Bird JULY 1964 comes from a long line The Singing Mothers who sang at the American Mothers of sprinklers. Association luncheon meeting in May were featured on the

If you have a watering problem that a Rain Sabbath morning "Faith in Action"radio program of the National

Bird Sprinkler can't solve, then it must be Broadcasting Company.

an indoor planter! Because Rain Bird has

the most comprehensive line of lawn and Barbara Christensen of Las Vegas, Nevada, won the allchurch in sprinklers thegarden world. After 32 M senior trophy of the annual Young Women's Mutual Improveyears of designing and manufacturing

sprinklers, we've found the best ways of ment Association golf tournament played in Salt Lake City. The

watering large areas, small areas, under allchurch title goes to the medalist for the thirtysix holes, despite trees, on hillsides—you name it. There the division entered. Marcia Thayne of Salt Lake City won the

are in Bird sprinklers Rain that sprinkle a junior championship. Mabel Draper of Ogden, Utah, took the pattern;square there are others that can

be adjusted for any part of a circle (or full "Nifty Fifty"title, and Lenora Skidmore, also of Ogden, placed circle) and distance of water throw. All first in the novice division. In all some fortyfive women golfers

give slow, uniform coverage with maxiplayed in the twoday tournament.

mum watering benefits and without water waste. supply See your garden center. Or With this now traditional Sabbath morning radio broadcastwrite for catalog Bird Sprinkler 64 H. Rain

Mfg. Corp., P.O. Box 37, Glendora, Calif. the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir and Organ completed its thirtyfifth year of network broadcasting. The first broadcast in the series

was Monday, July 15, 1929 over the National Broadcasting Company; but beginning in September 1932, when KSL joined the

Columbia Broadcasting System, the feature was moved to Sunday morning.

compact, new, folding BIRD(A) BLACK -on

Available, with or without base. base.- Eighteenyear-old Richard Harris, Jr., of Menlo Park, Cali- (B) STREAM SPRAY

illustrated)(PopUp available spray in numerous patfornia won the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association'sterns, each in Shrub head, PopUp and HiPop. Gives

maximum coverage with minimum water. (C) PRECIall-church golf tournament with a 36 hole total of 141, the lowest

JET DOALLSION adjustable, oscillatportable -most ing sprinkler. practically Meets any lawn or garden score in the history of the tournament. He competed as a junior,

requirement with perfect sprinkling. but defeated the complete field. Herbert Bodner of Westminister,

RainSPRINKLERSBird California, won the senior division. (Continued on page 714)

THE CHOICE OF PROFESSIONALS

712 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA totta,

G-otpd

BEAUTIFUL CHAPELS OF BRICK

PERMANENT DIGNITY

Durability and beauty everlasting in almost every color of the spectrum.

LOWER FIRST COST

Brick is low in initial cost, and is virtually maintenance free.

ARCHITECTURALLY BEAUTIFUL

Brick is adaptable to any style of architecture and grows more charming with the passing of time.

COMPANY

3 1 00 SOUTH 1 1 00 EAST SALT LAKE CITY

These men of integrity invite you (Continued from page 712) of Ontario, California, Elwell Geraldto entrust your banking needs division. junior the took The veterans'title went to Lew Hunsaker

to their care... honorsof Salt wereLake takenCity, andby A.theR. over65Evans

of Safford, Arizona. The team

THE DIRECTORS OF ZIONS FIRST NATIONAL BANK: championship went to Monument

Park West (Salt Lake City) Stake, whose players were Ray Tucker,

Gary Wilmarth, and Richard Wood.

The tournament was held at Willow

Creek, Salt Lake City.

Five chartered aircraft carried the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir

Salt the party from and their Lake

B. P. J. BADGER W. ASHBY FLINT H. BENNETT HAROLD C. ADAMS LELAND ORVAL BACKMAN GUS ERIC AABERG

Vice President and Chairman ZCMI Manager, Board and the Secretary, Chairman Executive President and General vice this for Department airport the beginmorning the Board; President of American Store.President. President,of City Zions Lake former States Mountain Manager, Chamber Saltof OilRegional Company

PresiHotel Utah Company; National First Bank. Co. Commerce, & Telegraph Telephone their of tour. they ning Tonight

Flint Distributing dent, Co sang before an enthusiastic audience in Houston, Texas.

About seven thousand youngsters participated in the annual

Days of '47 Youth Parade in downtown Salt Lake City.

The Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir in its concert presented Or- E. B. A. New B. JOSEPH CARLESON FRED HUGH HATCH BROWN EASTMAN LEE WALKER HAROLD KENNEDY

Partner, Senior Fred A. J. President, First of the Utah Sand Liberty Fuel Council Member and President, of Member, JR. BERNOLFO, it leans. duplication Musically was a Co, Gravel Carleson Corporation. Products Presidency, of Church of Twelve, Company. Church Jesusthe BamManaging

Christ ot LatterChrist of Saints. Latterday berger InvestmentDirector, of the that concert except Houston Saints. arid Jesusday Exploration Company.

in New Orleans, "Dixie"was added as an encore. The song, first introduced in New Orleans in 1862,

brought an enthusiastic response from the choir's audience, almost as great as to their rendition of "The

Battle Hymn of the Republic."

Tabernacle D. 0. The Salt Lake P. CHARLES S. FRANCIS A. MADSEN MUIR EDWARD LLOYD RICHARDS DONALD MULOCK FRED

Furniture President, E. 0. Muir Granite President, HENRYManager,W. United Acting Vice President Executive ComFormer MICHAELSON before than Choir sang "*- more President,Company. Madsen Refining Furniture Smelting. Company States P 3 General Asand Manager. Mining, Vice President

Mining Stores. Company.sociated and Food CorporaKennecott Copperof at their five thousand persons contion.

cert in Atlanta, Georgia. In the audience were several denominational

choirs who had traveled hundreds of miles to hear them as a group.

Seeds of a Miracle, the pioneer pageant, opened tonight in the Salt

Lake Tabernacle in its annual presof this entation as a part time of

JUDSON S. SAYRE SIMMONS ROY W. R. VIRGIL FIELDING SMITH JOSEPH WILLARD DELBERT H. SMITH L STAPLEY

Chairman Lockhart Norge pioneers. the The Vice Executive Utah Former Beneficial of Council Life Member. the remembering SMITH

vision, BorgofWarnerthe CorporaDi- Company.President, Co. Zions Savings PresiBank President,Insurance of Twelve, Jesus Church of Council President,

tion. Tfust of Christ the dentand Company. Saints. Latlerday of Jesus Twelve, Church

Christ of Latterday Saints. The Tabernacle Choir presented a brief concert for

They invite you to open a checking account, savings President Lyndon B. Johnson and

account, apply for a loan in person or by mail. his guests at the White House.

The street shows, the rodeo, the pageant continued in Salt Lake

City's weeklong tribute to the arrival of the pioneers. ZIONS

A giant Twentyfourth of July parade started down Salt Lake City's Main Street promptly at nine FIRST NATIONAL this morning in honor of the Utah pioneers. This "Days of '47"parade

lasted two hours and was televised BANK (Continued on page 752)

Salt Lake City, Utah: Headquarters - 70 East South Temple 102 South Main 235 South

Main 450 South 2nd West 7th East & 4th South Cottonwood Mall 8th West & 21st South Kearns * Taylorsville, under construction.

MEMBER FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Style Trend at the Home Parade

GLADDING, McBEAN FACE BRICK was featured in Titan Mission Face Brick gives the structure a substan- 9 out of 18 model homes, at the recent Parade of tial look, a rugged yet refined combination of beauty

Homes in Salt Lake City. Here the area's master buildand strength, while accenting the charm of both bold

ers showed exciting new ideas for modern living. wood siding and delicate metal grillwork.

Photos show "The Madrid,"an interesting splitlevel Face Brick also adds interior interest. In "The

design offered by Grandeur Homes. Notice how White Madrid,"Grandeur Homes have demonstrated how

focusing eyes upon a massive brick fireplacebarbecue can enhance a room's appeal. The wide variety of textures and colors in Gladding, McBean Face Brick, many

exclusive,enableyou to complementany interiordecor.

In any type of structure, Face Brick gives you construction strength, durability, lowcost maintenance, summer coolness and winter warmth—as well as

beauty. And to be sure of precisionpressed Face Brick,

with a choice of the greatest range of shapes, sizes, colors and textures available—competitively priced—

specify Gladding, McBean Face Brick by INTERPACE.

FACE BRICK

AAGGladding, McBean building product by Q

T1RPACEPIPE & CERAMICS CORPORATION. Uh inNTERNATIONAL

LOS ANGELEs/SAN FRANCISCO/pORTLANd/sEATTLe/sPOKANE I

SALT LAKE CITY / PHOENIX / DENVER /sAN Dl EGO /SACRAMENTO J

SEPTEMBER 1964 715 The period of President McKay's apostleship spans eight years more than half a century. The masterful

sermons he has delivered in more than one hundred general conferences at which he has spoken would fill volumes.

In commemoration of his 91st birthday this month (September 8) and in place of his regular editorial, we present with his permission brief excerpts from seven general conference addresses given over the years since he became an Apostle in 1906. DLG

"Wherefore, now let every man learn his duty, and to act in the office in which he is appointed, in all diligence."(D&C 107:99.)

Two principles in that admonition stand out as the duty of the officers to whom this revelation was given. First, the learning, the knowing what one's

duty is; second, to act in all diligence in the performance of that duty. To know one's duty, to learn

the truth, is the duty of every Latterday Saint, of THE EDITORS PAGE every man and woman in the world, including those BY PRESIDENT outside of this Church. All mankind, I believe, are DAVID O. MCKAY

being impelled, lifted upward by that Spirit which makes them desire the truth.

(Conference Report, October 1906, p. 112.)

I never contemplate the organization of this Church in any least degree whatsoever, but I am impressedwith the divinity of the work. I cannot see, for my W26

life, why every honest man in the world, who gives The latterday witness is this: that Jesus Christ, the

even but little thought to this great organization and resurrected Lord, appeared by the side of his Eternal the opportunities it offers for producing men and Father who introduced him in this dispensation as women of character, cannot get a testimony, even by follows: "This is my Beloved Son. Hear Him!"

reason and observation, of the divinity of the Church (Joseph Smith 2:17.) As the Christian church in the

of Christ, as established in this latter day. Why, the Meridian of Time was founded upon the reality of the

stamp of divinity is upon every feature of the work! living Christ—not merely upon the teachings of the

All who labor sincerely in it can truthfully say that Great Teacher—so is the Church of Jesus Christ in

if any man will do the will of God he shall know for this age founded upon the reality of Christ's existence himself whether the doctrine is of God or whether and upon the reality of his appearance in this dispenit is of man. sation to the earnest, seeking boy, Joseph Smith.

(CR, October 1916, p. 57.) (CR, April 1926, p. 39.)

716 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The times call for courageous youth to hold aloft the moral standard. In that field we can find the truest

moral courage. It is said that heroism is concentrated

courage. Well, our greatest heroes are not always

found on the battlefield. I think we find them also

among our youth. Young men and young women

who, when put in social groups, will stand up fearlessly and denounce those things which we knowsap the character, the very life energy of youth.... 1956

I appeal to youth to be courageous in maintaining In the teachings of the Church of Jesus Christ, the the moral and spiritual values of the gospel of family assumes supreme importance in the developJesus Christ. ment of the individual and of society....

(CR, April 1936, pp. 6061.) It will not dissolve when sealed by the authority

of the Holy Priesthood throughout all eternity. The

marriage ceremony, when thus sealed, produces happiness and joy unsurpassed by any other experience1946 in the world. "What therefore God hath joined toThe home is the best place in the world to teach the gether, let not man put asunder."(Mark 10:9.)

highest ideal in the social and political life of man;... To the Church, not only to young people, but

namely, perfect liberty of action so long as you do not also to married people, I plead with you this morning trespass upon the rights and privileges of another. for more contented homes brought about through

The great need in the American home today is more love, faithfulness, loyalty, selfcontrol, and obedience religion. Parents should make it obvious both by to the principles of marriage as set for us by revelation

their actions and their conversation that they are to the members of the restored Church of Jesus Christ.

seriously interested if not in outward forms in the (CR, April 1956, p. 9.)

fruits of true religion. Example of parents should

emphasize the need of honesty in our dealings with our family, our neighbors, and all with whom we come in contact; of kindness to our employees, of fairplay t our employers, or good measure to our 1963

customers.... The Lord help us to be able to prove to the world

The Lord places the responsibility directly where that the restored gospel is just what the world today it belongs, wherein he says that it is the duty of paris longing for; and when they see it, may they know,

ents to teach their children the principles of the as you know and as I know, that the everlasting gospel and to walk uprightly before the Lord, and gospel is a light to the world. May it ever be a light

if they do not so teach, the sin be upon the heads to the nations, a guiding solution of all the of the parents. (See D&C 68:25.) world problems.

(CR, October 1946, p. 115.) (CR, April 1963, p. 99.)

SEPTEMBER 1964 717 JESUS CHRIST THE LITERAL SON OF GOD

question: "On page 466 in the statement is disputed by some of

hook, The Articles of Faith, by my friends, and I cannot underElder James E. Talmage, there apstand how it is true according to

pears a quotation from the First wliat is written in the New Testament. Presidency which states that EloYOUR

him is the literal parent of our Will you please present this point

Savior Jesus Christ and also of the and give us the definite evidence it is true?"spirits of all the human family. This QUES that

answer: Any person who accepts frequently prayed to his Father. the New Testament as a correct TION In John, chapter 17, is a prayer of

will fact dispute the not record

Elder our and Jesus, Redeemer that ANSWERED BY ourcondemnation,Savior shortlyandbeforecrucifixionhis arrest,as

Brother, is the literal Son of Mary a sacrifice for the redemption of as is recorded in the New TestaJOSEPH the entire world and all creatures ment. Neither can they dispute the placed upon it from death, for statement that the evidence points FIELDING through Adam's transgression this

to the fact that he is also the Only earth on which we live and every

Begotten Son of God our Eternal living thing upon it became subSMITH Father! PRESIDENT OF ject to death and therefore must be

All through the ministry of our redeemed. This redemption comes THE COUNCIL

Savior the fact he acknowledged that is the Only Begotten he Son OF THE TWELVE throughand the thesheddingdeath ofbyhismartyrdomblood to of God in the flesh. Moreover, he atone for Adam's fall. The revela-

?5amwJ(jrf/iJ?'fflimummer,andam<6 r-7 came worm

amm,oy'leave <?wan;; rtions of the Lord proclaim that this earth was not subthe world was. Moreover, he came to this world

ject to death nor to mortal conditions until after the voluntarily to be its Redeemer and save not only all partaking of the forbidden fruit by Adam and Eve. flesh but also the earth itself from temporal death and

The eating of the forbidden fruit not only brought also those who would keep his commandments death upon Adam and Eve, but also upon every living from eternal death or banishment from the prescreature and even the earth itself. ence of his Father, through obedience to his

We read in a revelation given to the Prophet Joseph Father's commandments.

Smith a clear account of this condition. Moreover, We learn through the commandments given by

Elder Parley P. Pratt in his interesting work, The Key revelation to the Prophet Joseph Smith that through

to Theology, has given us a beautiful picture of former the atonement of our Savior all things are to be reconditions, the nature of the fall, and the glorious stored. It is written: "And again, verily, verily, I say

redemption which is to come through the mission and unto you that when the thousand years are ended,"atonement of our Savior. All these changes have meaning the millennium, "and men again begin to

come about based upon the original plan. We learn deny their God, then will I spare the earth but for

from the writings of Moses in the Pearl of Great a little season;

Price that the fall was part of the great plan prepared "And the end shall come, and the heaven and the in the heavens before the earth was formed. Morearth shall be consumed and pass away, and there

tality was decreed, and the passing through all the shall be a new heaven and a new earth.

conditions of mortal life was part of the plan, and "For all old things shall pass away, and all things

Jesus our Savior is spoken of as the "Lamb slain from shall become new, even the earth and all the fulness the foundation of the world"; in other words, chosen thereof, both of men and beasts, the fowls of the air,

to come to earth and be our Redeemer from mortality. and the fishes of the sea;

In his wonderful prayer shortly before the cruci- "And not one hair, neither mote shall be lost, for fixion, the Savior spoke of the glory that was his before it is the workmanship of mine hand."(D&C 29:2225.)

718 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (Continued from Front Cover)

the prayers of multitudes of faithful Saints extend heavenward that he may have health, vigor, wisdom, and inspiration to meet the demands that are daily thrust upon the prophet, seer, and revelator of the Church.

The life of this, God's chosen and anointed servant, stretches back over the years into the life stream of every President of the

Church save one—the Prophet Joseph Smith.

The pioneers had reached their mountain valley haven a short twentysix years before he was born. The Church was but fortythree

years old. When David O. McKay was born,

Brigham Young was President of the Church.

When he was baptized, President John Taylor was at the helm. He answered the call

of President Wilford Woodruff to serve as a missionary. He took his lovely bride Emma Ray

Riggs to the Salt Lake Temple to be married for time and eternity when President Lorenzo Snow held the sealing powers. He was called to

be a member of the Council of the Twelve by President Joseph F. Smith. He rendered

devoted, unstinted, and untiring service to

President Heber J. Grant and again to

President George Albert Smith as a Counselor in the First Presidency. His own administration,

beginning in April 1951, has been in many ways unparalleled in the history of the Church.

We invite you to follow President McKay's story, and the story of the Church, through the picture pages that follow.

I

photographs were expensive When David 0. McKay and a bit of a luxury.

was born at Huntsville, Utah, September 8,

... Brigham Young was President of the Church with This was the first known of

Counselors George A. Smith (left) and Daniel H. Wells (right). the McKay family after the

birth of David O. McKay.

Stakes of Zion—

X MtIlN6H0lJ5E Fulltime missions—

11L'

Fulltime missionaries from Zion set apart in 1873—35

the first bicycle in Utah had just been made.

Church membership (1870)—110,000. a typical chapel

looked like this.

this is the way the Salt Lake Temple looked with the Tabernacle in the background.

... Main Street, Salt Lake City, from old Arsenal Hill.. and ZCMI customers on Salt Lake's Main Street

(now Capitol Hill) was a wide, dirt road with little traffic. were shaded from the afternoon sun by large trees.

When David 0. McKay was

baptized on his eighth birthday, September 8,

Stakes of Zion—23

Fulltime missions—10

Fulltime missionaries from Zion set apart in 1881—199

Church membership.. John Taylor was our President and had Counselors George Q. Cannon (left) (1880)—160,000

and Joseph F. Smith (right).

. looking south from the present Capitol Hill the Salt Lake

downtown area looked like this.

iillWIIIIillttll II - an LDS chapel of the day looked like this one,.. and the Salt Lake Temple had progressed to this stage.

the Fourteenth Ward in Salt Lake City. (Note the railroad cars designed to carry temple stones.)

he had played on the first official U of U football team and he had worked on the Chronicle, student newspaper.

and had been photographed with his teammates. Here he is fifth from the left in the back row.

1 '11 *A *m f.*/ """-/ i

;V if-l:: 'if ''*F

jfip:

:;?.-!.

... he was called to the mission field. With his brothermissionaries a typical ward chapel of the day.

he is fourth from the left in the back row.

.

When David 0. McKay -j

married Emma Ray Riggs in the Salt Lake Temple in

... Lorenzo Snow was then President of the Church.. the Lion House and

Serving faithfully with him were Counselors Cannon and Smith. Church Office site

Stakes of Zion—50

Fulltime missions—17

Fulltime missionaries from Zion set apart in 1901—522

Church membership278,645.. David O. and Emma Ray Riggs McKay Japanese Mission organized by Heber J. Grant.

pose for this photograph. Horace S. Ensign (left), Louis Kelsch (center)

When David 0. McKay

was called to the

Apostleship in April,

Fulltime missionaries from Zion set apart in 1906 1,015

Church membership 334,841

Stakes of Zion—55

... Joseph F. Smith and Counselors John R. Winder (left), Anthon H. Lund (right) were the First Presidency of the Church. Fulltime missions—20

"President Smith requested a vote of the conference on the proposition that free organ recitals be given in this [Tabernacle] building every Tuesday and Friday till next conference, explaining that he wished the vote of the Saints because it required an expenditure of means to heat and light the building. A vote approving the

proposition was the result."

. Utah still displayed the Statehood (CR, April 1906, pp. 9495.). Elder McKay of the Council

of the Twelve wore a Star on the Tabernacle Organ. reserved handlebar moustache.

.. an LDS ward chapel such as the Seventeenth Ward in Salt Lake City was typical.

When David 0. McKay was called c\

from the Council of the Twelve

to the First Presidency in October,

Church membership730,738

Fulltime missions—31

Fulltime missionaries from Zion set apart in 1934—843.. he served as Second Counselor to President Heber J. Grant.

J. Reuben Clark, Jr., was First Counselor.

On December 16, 1934 the New York Stake was organized, giving the Church stakes on both coasts. (Los Angeles

had been organized in 1923 and San Francisco in 1927.)

Oahu (Hawaii) Stake was organized June 30, 1935.

At the April 1936 general conference, Stakes of Zion—110

the church welfare program was established.

When David 0. McKay was sustained

as the Second Counselor to President

George Albert Smith in May,

... he served along with President Clark as a Counselor... and they had been Counselors to President Grant.

These Counselors had been friends as university students.

... the war in Europe had recently been concluded and the war in the Pacific was drawing

to a close. The first year of peace, 1946, saw 2,297 fulltime missionaries from Zion

set apart as many laid aside their khaki and blue uniforms to return to the same peoples as missionaries. The missionary program was under the direction of President McKay.

Stakes of Zion—155

Fulltime missions—38

Fulltime missionaries from Zion set apart in 1945—400

Church membership-... Church welfare supplies were sent

979,454 to the worthy Saints in warravished Europe.

... the building program began slowly... President McKay enjoys a good day

Here is a typical LDS chapel of this period. at the trout stream.

> When David 0.McKay was r

D sustained as President of the Church April 9,

... it was 45 years

to the day for him between being ordained an Apostle and being sustained President of the... he chcse Stephen L Richards (left) and J. Reuben Clark, Jr., (right) Church.

to serve with him as counselors. He had first come

to the Tabernacle pulpit in the days when speakers had to shout to be heard.

Now there were sensitive microphones to broadcast his words. Soon there

would be television cameras to flash the conference into homes coastto-coast.

Truly, this President has a biblical name, David, "the Beloved."

... a Solemn Assembly was held in the Salt Lake Tabernacle

(as is always the case when sustaining a new President for the first time).

. everywhere he went, crowds and he began to travel far and wide to visit with the Saints all over the world.

enjoyed a warm handshake.

... Stephen L Richards, J. Reuben Clark, Jr.,

Henry D. Moyle, Hugh B. Brown, and N. Eldon

Tanner have served as Counselors in the First

Presidency. During the nearly 13V2 years of

his Presidency the Church has received Elders

Marion G. Romney, LeGrand Richards, Adam S.

Bennion, Richard L. Evans, George Q. Morris,

Hugh B. Brown, Howard W. Hunter, Gordon B.

Hinckley, N. Eldon Tanner, and Thomas S.

Monson as members of the Council of the Twelve;

Elders George Q. Morris, Stayner Richards,

ElRay L. Christiansen, John Longden, Hugh B.

Brown, Sterling W. Sill, Gordon B. Hinckley, Henry D.

Taylor, William J. Critchlow, Jr., Alvin R. Dyer,

N. Eldon Tanner, Franklin D. Richards, Theodore

M. Burton, Thorpe B. Isaacson, Boyd K. Packer,

and Bernard P. Brockbank as Assistants to the Twelve;

Presidents Marion D. Hanks, A. Theodore Tuttle, and

Paul H. Dunn, of the First Council of the Seventy;

Eiders Joseph L. Wirthlin and John H. Vandenberg

as Presiding Bishops; and Elders Thorpe B. Isaacson,

Carl W. Buehner, Robert L. Simpson, and Victor

L. Brown as Counselors in the Presiding Bishopric.

.. it is an age of new temples. Oakland Temple

is scheduled for dedication in November 1964.

Stakes of Zion (as of August 6)—399

Fulltime missions (as of August 6)—75

Fulltime missionaries from Zion set apart in 1963—5,768

Church membership (Dec. 31, 1963)

2,117,451

.. and downtown Salt Lake City is fast becoming the beautiful city as visioned in the Second Century Plan.

mm.

. Temple Square and the new Church Administration building are taking shape to beautify the heart of Salt Lake City.

... typical of today's buildings is the

Seventeenth Ward chapel across the street... today President McKay has

from the one pictured in 1906. Hugh B. Brown and N. Eldon Tanner as Counselors.

MM W%f

. President McKay spends what free moments he... he and Sister McKay have traveled to every

can find at his family home at Huntsville, Utah. part of the earth to inspire members. They are

the great missionaries of this missionary Church.

ELDER THOMAS S. MONSON SPEAKS AT MIA JUNE CONFERENCE

"0 Lord,... "W

When I consider. #*':::

thy heavens, the work of thy fingers, the moon and the stars, which thou hast ordained; What is

man, that thou art mindful of him?...'

PSALM 8:1, 3-4.

is man, that thou art 44What A number of years ago a very wise man, a noble My brothers and sisters of the MIA, we are here ruler, King David, king of all Israel, asked a question today because of the worth of human souls. We have

of the Lord—and this same question has been asked a responsibility, and that responsibility has been

time and time again down through the centuries. He graphically portrayed to us. My prayer is that it has

said, as recorded in the eighth Psalm, "When I confound lodgment within our hearts. When I think of

sider thy heavens, the work of thy fingers, the moon the initials of our great organizations—YWMIA and

and the stars, which thou hast ordained; YMMIA—I think of two questions that we as leaders

"What is man, that thou art mindful of him?..."might ask ourselves: YMMIA—Young men, may I aid?

(Psalm 8:3-4.) YWMIA—Young women, may I assist?

"What is man, that thou art mindful of him?"The This is our plea today, and I would like to direct

Lord himself chose to give an answer to King David my remarks first of all to the youth—the noble youth,

when he made a declaration which rings down the youth of the noble birthright—and then to the

through the years: "Remember the worth of souls parents of these noble youth, and then to each one

is great in the sight of God;..."(D&C 18:10.) of us leaders of the youth of Zion.

MIA June conference address, delivered in the Salt Lake Tabernacle,

Friday afternoon, June 12, 1964.

730 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I think that one of the greatest problems that our We have our free agency. And youth, this is a time

young people must cope with today is the feeling of of preparation, a time of foundation building, a pricebeing all alone, of being unwanted, feeling that no less time in our lives.

one cares, that no one loves Mary, or no one loves "Time is precious. Life is priceless."Young peoJohn. The answer to that feeling and that question ple, as you build your foundations, remember to build

can be found in a little hymn that was sung a generawell, that the foundation of your life may support the tion or two ago. One verse went something like this: superstructure that you wish to put upon it.

During the luncheon hour my wife and I walked "Yes, Jesus loves me, yes, Jesus loves me. by the building excavation to the east of here where

Yes, Jesus loves me. The Bible tells me so."soon will rise a great church administration building,

and we saw what has taken place in that excavation.

Our message to the world is that the Bible does Tons of steel and thousands of yards of concrete all tell our young people that God our Eternal Father have been put into that project in the foundation, loves them. That not only the Bible—the Book of and many hundreds of thousands of skilled manhours,

Mormon, the Doctrine and Covenants, the Pearl of all for the purpose of building a foundation. When

Great Price—all of these sacred volumes of scripture we go to such expense, and when we go to such effort

are testimonies to the youth of this great Church to build a foundation for a lovely building, isn't it that Jesus does love them. In fact, young people, important that we go to even more effort and even

Jesus loves you so much that you have received from greater expense if necessary to build a foundation for your Heavenly Father a gift which is priceless above the lives of our young people? I feel confident

all other gifts. This gift is known as free agency. that it is.

You remember when our Heavenly Father had inThis is a time of preparation. And we must not

structed Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden and let it pass us by, young people. I learned the truth

pointed out the fruit of the tree that they might not of this a number of years ago. I had the opportunity

partake of, he then said as recorded in Moses: "... of speaking at a convention in Dallas, Texas. Dallas

nevertheless, thou mayest choose for thyself, for it is is known as a city of churches, and after our convengiven unto thee;..."(Moses 3:17.) Isn't that a tion sessions a bus driver was taking a group of us

beautiful thought? Our young people may choose on a sightseeing tour of that city. As we motored

for themselves, for it is given unto them by our through the avenues of Dallas he would say: "Up

Heavenly Father. on the left is a Catholic cathedral; up on the right

Young people, you may choose your friends, you is the Baptist church; and ahead is the Methodist

may choose your vocation, you may choose to honor church."Then that bus driver said, "Up on the knoll

and obey God, or you may choose to disobey. It has in that red brick building is where the Mormons meet."

been given unto you by our Heavenly Father. But I looked up very attentively, and I heard a lady

with this great gift comes a great responsibility, for on that bus ask the driver a question. She said, "Can

JJ By Elder Thomas S. Monson

of the Council of the Twelvemindful of him?

with our choice comes the responsibility for our you tell me something about the Mormon people?"

choice. I don't think that anyone has ever more The bus driver brought the bus over to the side of the

beautifully portrayed the meaning of free agency than road. He turned off the key in the ignition. He

did William Gregg in his immortal poem: swung around in his seat. He said, "Lady, all I know

is that the Mormons meet in that building up on the "Know this, that every soul is free hill. Is there anyone on this bus who knows anything

To choose his life and what he'll be, about the Mormons?"

For this eternal truth is given Do you know what I did? I turned around and

That God will force no man to heav'n. looked to see if there was anyone on that bus who

would say just one thing about the Mormons, and "He'll call, persuade, direct aright, there was stone silence. For the first time in my life

And bless with wisdom, love, and light, I learned the truth of that statement: "When the

In nameless ways be good and kind, hour of decision arrives, the time of preparation is

But never force the human mind."past."I had the opportunity of bearing my testimony,

SEPTEMBER 1964 731 of giving an account to those people, as Peter said, "A words when he said, "An educated man is not one reason of the hope"within me. (1 Peter 3:15.) After who has trained his mind to remember a few dates

I had so borne my testimony, I felt a sweet feeling of in history. He is one who can accomplish things."

peace in my heart and was grateful that I had had If a man cannot think, he is not an educated man this opportunity. regardless of how many college degrees he may have

Young people, the time for preparation in your after his name. Thinking is the hardest work a man

lives is now. You must prepare for your life's work can do, which is probably the reason we have such

for one thing. Years ago when you applied for work few thinkers.

through a foreman or through a farmer who owned a Young people, may you prepare for your role in piece of property, you went to him and said, "I will life. May you choose and prepare for a mission in

work hard."And that foreman or that farmer would your future. May you choose and prepare for a marsay, "Wonderful, that is just what I want. You're riage in the house of God. May you choose to honor

hired, young man."But today that farmer, that foreyour father and your mother. May you choose to

man has been replaced by a man known as a personserve the Lord in accordance with his great gift of nel director, and that personnel director assumes that free agency which has been given to you.

you will work hard. He turns to you and says, "What Some young people have asked me, "Yes, Brother

skills do you have?"This is the question which is Monson, it is wonderful to have free agency, but

asked of our young people today as they enter the where do we find a guide to pilot us in the choices labor market, "What skills do you have?"that we must make?"Do you think that God our

I talked to one personnel director of a large comEternal Father would give us such a gift as free pany, and he told me that for every job of common agency without giving us a guide to help us in making labor available on today's market there are twentyour choices? I think that Mormon taught us the

five applicants. One man receives a job; twentyfour truth, as it is quoted by Moroni in Moroni 7:1617:

men are turned away because they do not have the "For behold, the Spirit of Christ is given to every skills. On the other hand if that same person who man, that he may know good from evil; wherefore, I

is applying for work with this company in Salt Lake show unto you the way to judge; for every thing which

City has a college degree in a technical field, he can inviteth to do good, and to persuade to believe in take his pick of any three jobs, and if he is in the Christ, is sent forth by the power and gift of Christ;

top fifty percent of his class he can take his pick of wherefore ye may know what a perfect knowledge twentyfive or thirty jobs. Young people, it is imit is of God.

portant that you receive an education so that you can "But whatsoever thing persuadeth men to do evil, qualify for your place in life, so that you can pursue and believe not in Christ, and deny him, and serve a noble endeavor. not God, then ye may know with a perfect knowlBut let me remind each of us that education doesn't edge it is of the devil;..."

simply mean that we attend school. Education means This is the key that will unlock the treasure chest

that we learn how to think. Henry Ford put it in of knowledge and (Continued on page 761)

732 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

selves on the sand, Fran joined in the fun. She found

it difficult, however, when Doug told her an offcolor story and waited for her to laugh, as the others did.Carbon,

She was grateful when one of them yelled, "Let's swim!"Copj After the swim, they rushed to the sand to share

sandwiches and other food packed for the occasion.

Before Fran knew what had happened, someone had placed a can of beer in her hand.

"It's such a little thing,"she mused. "Rather than

make a big issue of it, I'll just take a sip and then forget it."

"Drink up, Fran,"they chided, "it's perfectly harmless."She brought the can to her lips and was going to take just the tiniest sip when she heard a honk and looked up in time to see the Jacobson family, who lived nearby, driving to Sacrament meeting. And

there was little Sue Jacobson—one of the children

Fran taught in Sunday School—waving at her. What

must that little girl think of her now, Fran thought.

She looked at the can of beer and hurriedly set it on the sand without touching it. She felt sick. Why

BY MILLIE FOSTER CHEESMAN should she feel this way? She hadn't really done anything wrong, she thought as she bit into her sandwich.

Doug was in the middle of one of his stories as she "Imagine me, Mother, just out of business school and realized that her mind was miles away, and she secretary to the vicepresident of our new TV station. wasn't really enjoying herself.

Oh, they are such an exciting group, and I think Suddenly someone suggested they all go home they have accepted me. and change clothes. They agreed to meet at the Pine

"They seem to have so much fun and have invited Tree Inn for dancing. Fran hated to be the only

me to go out with them, but I always have to be a one to object, so she went home and changed into wet blanket and refuse because I'm busy with my street clothes. She was putting the last touches to

Sunday School class, and Sunday is the day they do her hair as she heard Doug drive up. Maybe tonight

things. I'd like to go with them, Mother. Their kind will be more fun, she thought. But she felt empty

of life seems to be so exciting, and I wouldn't do anyinside. The family was still at church and there was

thing wrong. Besides, it's my life, and I wouldn't no one to say goodbye to as she drove off in the dusk.

be hurting anyone but myself."She became more than a little annoyed at Doug's

Fran couldn't avoid the look of despair on her continuous smoking, and she chided him in a friendly mother's face as she finished her declaration with, way. He answered, "You know, the more nervous

"I'm tired of being an oldfashioned stickin-themud."I get, the more I smoke! I know it's a bad habit, and

But she was going to have a little fun. She accepted I wish I could quit, but I can't."

an invitation for the following Sunday. For the first They met the other two couples in the lobby of the

time in years, she didn't attend her ward, and she inn and threaded their way to a small table in the arranged a substitute for her Sunday School class. crowded, smokefilled room. One of the girls in thenIt was going to be a big day with two other couples group had had too much to drink and began to talk

and handsome Doug Boyle, an announcer at the TV loudly, saying things she never would have said had station. Now that he had noticed her, she was detershe been in control of herself. Fran felt sorry for

mined to be one of his crowd and looked forward to her. I'm not having a good time at all,"she thought.

the day with excitement and anticipation. "I'm miserable. They're all trying to have fun, but

Sunday morning as the rest of the family left for where is the fun when all a group has in common is

Sunday School, Fran felt only a slight twinge as she its bad habits?"

stepped into Doug's sports car and took off speedily That was it! They didn't know how to have a good

in the direction of the lake. As they settled themwholesome time. This ( Continued from page 784

SEPTEMBER 1964 733 BY MONITOR C. NOYCE

The athletic program of the YMMIA is very much times to others in their home wards until they are alive and growing. It just keeps rollin'along, exertjust as determined to make every effort to enjoy the

ing its powerful influence for good wherever the same opportunity in the future.

Church is organized. Elder Millet's citing of the program as a missionary

Equally effective at home and abroad is the tretool is backed up by the second of two surveys bearmendous sports, camp, and recreational program ofing out his belief.

fered young women in the YWMIA. Together they In 1963 a survey conducted under the direction of

offer thousands a spiritualized physical sports and Jimmy Hodgson of the MIA athletic committee with recreational program. results compiled from 145 stakes answering questionTermed a "tremendous missionary tool,"W. Floyd naires indicated 154 known players were converted

Millet, chairman of the YMMIA athletic committee, through an influence of the program. While final

says, "it is the best common denominator"the bishops tabulations are less than the true statistics, making have in working with the youth. the figures reported conservative, the 38 percent of

Once young people have had a taste of its good stakes reporting were a good crosssection of all stakes measure it is "contagious"and grows on them. Elder in the Church. On the basis of 385 stakes, or 100

Millet points to the experience of Hawaiian church percent, the conversion total for one year would members who were determined to be represented at amount to about 725, which at best is a rough figure, the allchurch basketball tournament earlier this year. for 1963.

A team from Hawaii came to the tournament. True, Jimmy Hodgson says that over a threeyear period

they didn't win the title, but they captured the hearts (basis from earlier surveys) 413 wives and family of all who associated with them; they brought a members also were brought into the Church.

new spirit into the tournament. They blazed the Highly interesting and informative was the fact

way for other teams to follow in the future. Their that 2,292 boys were reactivated and 8,497 kept active

experiences of that week have been relayed many through the program in the 145 stakes reporting.

734 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA said, "They baptized two team members this year."

Consider the testimony of Trice Harvey, Bakersfield Stake athletic director:

"I can testify that this is one of the greatest programs of the Church. I thank the Lord that through

this program I was converted to this wonderful

Church. My family and I are happier than we have

ever been in our lives. We owe this to the fact that

I love sports and was attracted by the great sports program."

Just as effective have been the spiritualized results seen in the program developed and carried out for the young women through the YWMIA. Betty Killpack, formerly chairman of the sports, camp, and

recreational committee for the YWMIA, can report similar examples and experiences where the love and association through sports and camping have enriched lives and brought young girls to a realization that this program is one of inspiration and divine guidance.

While there are some differences in the program for young women compared with the young men's plan, the ultimate goals are the same. Both are

charged with providing wholesome recreation, building testimonies within youth so that they will remain active, strong members of the Church, and influencingand Sports nonmembers to investigate the gospel further by interesting them in specific activities.

There were 62,000 girls involved in the sports proThis information expanding to 100 percent of the gram last year, and another 40,000 went camping.

Church means some 6,000 boys reactivated last These figures do not include the hundreds of ward year and about 22,000 kept active in the Church and stake leaders involved. Sports activities included

through this program. basketball, bowling, tennis, golf, swimming, hiking,

The survey leaves no doubt that the athletic prowhatever the various groups desired to participate in.

gram is a powerful tool in bringing young men into "Catching on like wildfire"is the response reported the Church. The program attracts 40,000 young for the threeyear-old Campcrafters program. Almen week after week to the cultural halls and ready over 25,000 girls have earned their first year

recreational centers for organized and properly award. One of the biggest problems at present is

supervised recreation. to hold enough certification workshops to certify

A personal testimony or two from many reported stake leaders.

to the YMMIA athletic committee stands behind The young women's program differs from the young this statement: men's in that it has but one allchurch event, a golf

One Indian team member from Sevier Stake said tournament held each July. In stakes and regional

to Richard M. Hoyle, athletic director: "They told tournaments there are three first place winners in

us in order to play basketball we should study about sportsmanship, participation, and skill in that order the Church, so we all became members."of importance.

Gil Pulsipher, Denver regional supervisor, had a. The YWMIA golf tournament which began several

group from the SpanishAmerican Branch that desired years ago this summer drew entrants from north to to play. At one time on the floor they had two nonCanada, south to Mexico, and included most of

members playing but the rule is for only one nonmemthe western states.

ber to be on the playing floor at a time. When Four states were represented among winners

informed of the rule, they said, "Well baptize one in the 1964 tournament—Utah, California, Nevada,

next week."And they did. In fact, Elder Pulsipher and Idaho. (Continued on page 760)

SEPTEMBER 1964 735 BY JEAN JOHNSON

Men and women of every faith, who have shared life their progression. It would be helpful if our young

with a true and faithful partner, have desired to conmen and women could fully appreciate what is at tinue their relationship after death. It has been their stake when they entrust their future to a mate.

wish and hope, but they have been denied the comfort It is a function of a good marriage that the partof reassurance on this matter by their faiths and ners can, to some extent, compensate for each other's creeds. Some creeds declare this is impossible; other weaknesses. However, there are some weaknesses for

beliefs do not commit themselves one way or the other, which another cannot compensate. A wife's honesty

but leave it up to the individual's faith in the mercy cannot compensate for her husband's lack of integrity.

and justice of God. A husband's reputation for shading the truth, for being

How different our society would be today if every just a little less than dependable, is a burden a wife couple contracted not only with each other and the and children unjustly bear. It is not so important that

state, but also with our Heavenly Father to be as one our dream man be handsome, as it is that he be honnot only in this life, but also in the eternities to follow. est, straightforward, and morally strong.

The realization of the magnitude of this responsibility Also a woman's concept of herself often depends—of this commitment—would do much to insure the upon what she thinks her husband thinks of her. Her

stability of any marriage. happiness and selfrespect depend upon the loving

The covenant of marriage is not an adornment of consideration he shows her. Marriage is not a sidethe law but is a fundamental part of the law itself and line with a woman; it is her whole life. A husband who

of supreme importance to us all. It is a wonderful is unkind and disrespectful, or one who takes his wife

privilege to go to the temple of the Lord and be sealed for granted can stunt his wife's spiritual development.

for time and eternity to the mate of one's choice, The husband too is vulnerable. He cannot comand it signifies obedience to the law. Thus we keep pensate for a lack of gracionsness in his home, no

the letter of the law, but the spirit of the law must matter how culturally minded or sensitive he might be kept and magnified in the weeks, months, years of be. The wife largely controls the atmosphere of the

earthly experience that a man and wife share. Because home—the medium in which the children are reared.

the potential for good is so very great in this relationPresident Brigham Young agreed that the hand that ship, it is a prime target for Satan. rocks the cradle rules the world. The influence

The responsibilities of the husband and wife are mothers have over the children cannot be countervery different, and just how well each fulfils his or acted by the father. No matter what a man achieves

her responsibilities to each other determines whether during his lifetime in the Church or in the world, if their marriage signifies a milestone or a millstone to he cannot take pride in his children, he counts himself

736 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

fwmm--

a failure. This is the power a woman wields. Also had anticipated in him."(Discourses of Brigham

she has much influence over the relationship of the Young, 202.

children to their father; she can build it up or tear We cannot withdraw our confidence and good will

it down. and keep the marriage covenant. Strangely, I believe

There are many other ways in which a husband and a woman can be passively obedient and have no confiwife are responsible to each other, but most weakdence or good will. She must use all her intelligence

nesses can be adjusted, controlled, and overcome if and wisdom to counsel her husband, but when he partners will work together with patience and love. makes the decision, she must make it her decision

Nothing is to be gained by faultfinding, accusations, and assume responsibility for whatever consequences or recriminations. We can help our mate to overoccur—good or bad.

come his or her weakness only by helping to magnify This illustration applies to husbands also. If he

his strengths of character to the point where they becomes disillusioned with the faults of his wife and overshadow and dwindle the weakness to nothingness. withdraws his confidence and good will, he may in

Then we are faced with a big "what if."What if effect have cancelled out the marriage when love and

you discover you have made a terrible mistake in your encouragement could further his development as well choice?—if your partner seems to be a stumbling block as hers. How often we see marriages where the man

to your progression? and wife are legally and socially wedded but are

"Were I a woman possessed of great powers of divorced in spirit.

mind, filled with wisdom, and, upon the whole, a The full implications of marriage are brought home magnanimous woman, and had been privileged with to us when the time comes for us to give a son or a my choice, and had married a man, and found myself daughter into the keeping of a husband or a wife.

deceived, he not answering my expectations, and I A wise parent would not seek to overprotect a son being sorry that I had made such a choice, let me or daughter and deprive her of the trials that bring show my wisdom by not complaining about it. A strength, wisdom, and accomplishment. It would be

woman's wisdom and judgment has failed her once well, from time to time, to ask ourselves this questionin the choice of a husband, and it may again, if she am I the loving, patient, industrious, obedient, cheeris not very careful. By seeking to cast off her husful wife to my husband that I would want my daughband—by withdrawing her confidence and good will terin-law to be to my son?—or—am I the loving,

from him, she casts a dark shade upon his path, when, considerate, courteous, provident husband to my wife by pursuing a proper course of love, obedience, and that I would want my sonin-law to be to my encouragement, he might attain to that perfection she precious daughter?

SEPTEMBER 1964 737 When children learn to think for themselves, they from a good home. There appears to be no justifiable

tend to disagree with their parents on some issues. In reason for his decision.

most instances the disagreement is peacefully settled A daughter, age 16, announces that she plans to through discussion and some modification of attitudes marry within the next three months. Her boy friend,

and plans on the part of all concerned. However, age 17, also in high school, has no visible means of

sometimes intelligent and wellmeaning parents may supporting a wife. Both of these youngsters are in

find themselves unable to resolve successfully a disgood health; they are intelligent and sincerely want

agreement in which it appears that their child is to do the right thing. They do not come from broken

making the wrong decision; for example, what should homes. Common sense would indicate a postponeparents do when: ment of marriage, but the daughter does not agree.

Their son, age 16, says that he plans to discontinue A 15year-old son desires to purchase a secondschool. His grades are below average, but he appears hand sports car. The car can be obtained for $50

to have the ability to complete high school. He has down and $25 a month. He has $55 in savings, no

adequate clothing and spending money and comes job, and no driver's license. His father has attempted

to discourage the purchase, but the original plan anxiety. "I have a chance to earn $300 a month in

remains unchanged. California, and I have decided to quit school and go

Evaluation of the following hypothetical example of to Los Angeles at once. My friend Joe, the fellow I

a father's attempt to solve a disagreement may assist went around with last year, is holding a job for me."

parents to evaluate how they would deal with a John waved a letter and continued, "If I don't leave similar problem. soon, I'll miss out on the opportunity of a lifetime. I can

Mr. J. sensed that something was wrong as he enfinish high school by taking night classes. I'll be able

tered the front room of his home one Friday evening to buy a car, to learn a trade, and to be independent."

after work. His wife and his 17year-old son John John's mother interrupted. She emphatically pointed

were obviously in the midst of a serious discussion. out that while living at home John had the opporMr. J. said with a cheerful voice, "It cannot be as bad tunity to profit from the guidance of his parents and

as all that. What's the problem?"from good relationships with the stable people in their

John sat staring at the floor for a few moments, community. She thought that John was too young to

then began talking rapidly and with some show of leave home. The money he would earn would be a

poor substitute for the disadvantage of leaving his school and living in a strange community.

As Mr. J. listened, it appeared that his wife's arguments were well stated and conclusive and that John

should do as she suggested. It soon became apparent,

however, that John had no intention of changing his mind. Instead of listening to his mother's arguments

he appeared to be concentrating upon what he would say to prove that he was right. Words, but not ideas,

were being exchanged. Intense feelings, but not objective reasoning, were predominant in the discussion.

Mr. J. interrupted to speak with a voice of authority, "John, you are only 17, which means that you are

not yet your own boss. I am telling you now, without

reservation, that you will remain in school, that you will live at home, and that you will write to your friend and tell him you are not coming to California. I am

making these decisions because I know that what I suggest is for your best interest. Now that the decision

has been made, let's all go out to dinner."

Mistakes Made by Mr. J.

I believe that in many cases the method used by

Mr. J. would intensify misunderstanding and motivate

rebellion. I base this upon the following evaluation

of the mistakes made by Mr. J.:

1. Mr. J. based his decision upon the belief that the

reasons given by John for his desire to discontinue school and to leave home were the major reasons. He

was mistaken. The real reason for leaving home had

little connection with the desire to earn money and to purchase a car. In many instances, if the problem

is serious, a child may offer secondary but more acceptable reasons for his decisions. A wise parent

will attempt to determine the underlying factors, the real reasons for his child's decision.

BY F.LEGRANDE MAGLEBY

X

2. Mr. J. implied that parents should always make tolerate a continuation of unexcused absence from

the major decisions during periods of parentchild class and incomplete assignments. The counselor had

disagreement, particularly it the child is headed in said, "I know that you have the ability, and I would the wrong direction. This is not always the best like to see you make good. I wish there were an easy

policy. Whenever it is feasible, children should have way out, but there isn't. The only solution is for you

the right to a considerable measure of selfdetermina- to change your behavior. You must decide now

tion. They treasure the right to make their own whether to get into school or to get out."

decisions and to question the judgment of adults. John had felt depressed and discouraged after this

Although insuring these rights to children may involve interview. He thought that if he began attending all

many hours of discussion and a delay in solving disclasses and doing his best he would lose the good will agreements, this may be an appropriate alternative. of several of his friends who had already made plans

3. He talked "down"to John. He did not discuss to discontinue school. These were friends who had

the problem manto-man. Children are also indireceived little encouragement at home and had beviduals with personal thoughts, feelings, and emotions; littled the value of a high school diploma. Also, John

and their judgment, although it may reflect an immahad missed several classes in algebra and was afraid ture mind, should be accepted as important in making that he would fail regardless of how much he studied.

the decisions under consideration. In his troubled mind he had felt that a satisfactory

4. Mr. J. assumed that his "snap judgment"was way out of his difficulty would be achieved by leaving

better than the plan presented by John. In some school and obtaining employment.

instances the "snap judgment"of a parent may be As Mr. J. listened and evaluated the factors which

wise, but in other instances a mistake may result were influencing John's decision, he realized that because of inadequate consideration of all the facts. feelings and emotions, rather than objective reasoning,

Decisions concerned with the plans of children should had been in control, Mr. J. had not been aware that

often be given careful consideration despite the fact John had needed the support of his friends to the that the parent feels he knows the proper solution. extent that he had been willing to risk school failure

in order to be "one of the gang."He had not realized

A More Satisfactory Approach that John had fear of letting his parents know that he

Following is a description of a more satisfactory had not been doing as well as he should and was approach which might have been used by Mr. J. facing failure in school. It now became clear that

After listening to his wife and child for about fifteen what had appeared to be stubbornness and poor reaminutes Mr. J. said, "This is all very interesting, but soning, in the earlier interview, had merely been

I believe it would be wise to postpone the decision symptoms of deeper underlying problems and a sinfor a while. In the meantime I need to pick up some cere desire to please everyone.

supplies, and I would like John to go with me. It After a few moments'silence John asked in a quiet

will give us a chance to talk."voice, "Dad, what do you think I should do?"

Mr. J. and his son were soon driving toward the It is a wise parent who realizes that a request for

local hardware store. The atmosphere was friendly help does not open the door for a lecture in which

and relaxed. Mr. J. said, "So you want to go to Calithe facts are laid down and the future course charted

fornia and work on a new job. Now tell me all in no uncertain terms. Mr. J. assured John of his

about it."interest and support but answered, "John, I appreciate

Mr. J. was encouraging his son to talk freely in an your confidence in me and your asking for suggestions.

atmosphere of mutual confidence. He believed that Before I answer I would like you to tell me more

John had not yet indicated the real reason for wanting about what you would like to do. We'll outline several

to leave home and that, if he listened attentively, he alternatives and try to select the best one."

would be able to determine some of the underlying Mr. J. was helping his son to think through the

factors. Mr. J. reserved judgment and negative critifacts and to reduce some of the anxiety and fears

cism. He made it clear that the facts given would not which were interfering with objective reasoning. He

go further than John and his parents. also knew that if John made the decision he would

For a few minutes John talked about his desire to be more apt to carry through, particularly if the new go to California, then he changed the subject. He course required courage and determination over a

pointed out that he had sluffed several classes at long period of time. After several discussions with

school and had been called in by the counselor. The his parents, John decided to obtain private tutoring

counselor had told John that the school would not in algebra and to (Continued on page 764)

740 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA r

While making a tour of the historical sites of the Lord commanded us that we should bear record of it;

Church, my husband and I stopped at the grave of wherefore, to be obedient unto the commandments

.'Oliver Cowdery in a little cemetery in Richmond, of God, we bear testimony of these things...

Missouri. Here the Church has placed a large monu- "Such a powerful testimony,"my husband iaid

ment in honor of the three witnesses. solemnly as he finished reading.

As we stood alone in the quietness of the summer "How could anyone read that and doubt?"I asked.

afternoon, my husband began reading aloud, from Not far from the monument was an old frame the marker, the testimony of the three witnesses: house. It had been a proud home once, you could

"... And we also know that they have been translated tell from the detailed and delicate carvings on the

by the gift and power of God, for his voice hath degables and the artistic columns of the porch. Now

clared it unto us; wherefore we know of a surety it was greatly in need of repairs. The weatherthat the work is true. And we also testify that we beaten boards bore no trace of paint. On the porch

have seen the engravings which are upon the plates; sat an elderly man in a rocking chair. He had a

and they have been shown unto us by the power of pipe in his mouth, and he rocked contentedly back

God, and not of man. And we declare with words and forth. He was very observant of my husband

of soberness, that an angel of God came down from and me. The expression on his face seemed to say:

heaven, and he brought and laid before our eyes, "What could you possibly find to interest you here?

that we beheld and saw the plates, and the engravings This old cemetery has long ago been forgotten."He

thereon; and we know that it is by the grace of God scrutinized our car, craned his neck, and squinted

the Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ, that we beheld his eyes to read the outof-state license plates.

and bear record that these things are true. And it is "I wonder if he ever left his rocking chair long

marvelous in our eyes. Nevertheless, the voice of the enough to read what is written on this monument?"

said my husband.

"I doubt it,"I said. "But just think what it could

GENEVIEVE VAN WAGENEN mean to him. Here, inscribed on this monument, is

the map or chart that leads to the treasures of the earth. Hidden treasures—a knowledge of the truth!

Yes, the treasures of the earth lie at his door! At his

very feet lies his salvation—and he does not know it.

It's sad, isn't it?"

"Is he so different from some members of the

Church?"queried my husband. "They know of the

testimony of the three witnesses. They no doubt own

a Book of Mormon, but have they read it? They are

too content in their mental rocking chairs to get up and read it."

I wanted to shout aloud to every Latterday Saint who has not read the Book of Mormon—to stop rocking! Get out of that chair! Avail yourselves of the

privilege of reading this glorious book. Follow the

admonition of Moroni, when he sealed up this marvelous record: "And when ye shall receive these things,

I would exhort you that ye would ask God, the

Eternal Father, in the name of Christ, if these things are not true; and if ye shall ask with a sincere heart,

with real intent, having faith in Christ, he will manifest the truth of it unto you, by the power of the Holy

Ghost."(Moroni 10:4.)

Don't go on daydreaming and rocking. The richness

of your entire life, now and through the eternities, is determined by today's action. Don't procrastinate

your time. Discover the truth! Gain a burning

testimony. Moroni has given you the key to unlock

the treasures that lie at your very door.

When Bahe Billie was younger he wanted to be aFayette's medicine man or a cowboy, but now that he's grown he has different plans. Bahe, a fullblooded Navajo

Indian, is not sorry he gave up his childhood ambitions because now he has a bigger dream. WhenFoster

Bahe was fourteen years old, Ray and Martha Bartholomew of Fayette, Utah, invited him to live in their home to continue his education at GunnisonFamilies High School. So Bahe left his parents, his ten

BY JANICE T. DIXON brothers and sisters, five horses, and two hundred

sheep on the Indian reservation near Leupp, Arizona.

He moved from his hogan, a mudcovered hut with dirt floor, into the Bartholomew home, a small but comfortable white house with a post office attached to the south side.

It was in this home with its Navajo rugs on the floor and snapshots of Bahe on the piano that the dream was born. And the dream? That Bahe would

prepare himself and return to help his people. Ray

and Martha Bartholomew had the same dream for

Bahe. Social worker Miles Jensen had the same

dream, and in a short time the town of Fayette lived with this hope for all their Indians. They welcomed

Bahe and other young Indians into their homes and treated them like their own children. Perhaps Mr.

and Mrs. Billie, Bahe's natural parents, who neither

read nor write, had the same hopes because they sent another son and two daughters away from the hogan to get an education.

Fayette is a farming and dairy community of one hundred and forty people in central Utah. The

majority of homes line the main street along state highway 28. A combination general store and twopump gas station make up the commercial district,

except for the oneroom post oSFice attached to the

Bartholomew home. These townspeople, sparked by

social worker, Miles Jensen, have invited eleven Indian children into their homes. "We love our Fayette

Indians,"says Mrs. Lorna Bown.

Until he was married—through his schooling The "Fayette Indians"are among the nearly 600

and a mission—the home of Melvin and Indian children today who are invited into LDS

Betty Mellor was home to Wilbert Willie. homes throughout Utah and Arizona under the

Robert Begay and Bahe Billie display tribal churchsponsored LDS Indian Student Placement dress prior to performing ceremonial dance during school program. program. The program was officially started in 1954

for Indians between the ages of eight and eighteen.

It is part of the Social Services and Child Welfare

Department of the Relief Society.

Charlotte Martinez came as a foster daughter to

Milton and Celia Bartholomew of Fayette. Celia admits now that she wondered how her "shy little

pigeon"would ever be able to return to help her people. She remembers how Charlotte would stand

quietly with her hands clasped together saying not a

742 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The work of Bahe Billie resulted in a grand champion.

Commissioner Eugene Jensen presents Boy

Scout awards to (l-r) Wallace Chatto, James

J*"S Silversmith, and Ronnie Peterman.

word. One time Charlotte stood motionless for

thirtyseven minutes before Celia broke down and ordered Charlotte "to go play."She later learned

that this obedient pose is the way Navajo children show respect to their elders. Charlotte lived with

Milton and Celia for nine years, attending elementary school, junior high school, and tenth grade. Celia

taught her to cook, iron, and sew. She became an

excellent seamstress. She participated in the 4-H

program and won many blue ribbons. She was active

in the Fayette Ward. But then, before Charlotte

could graduate from high school, her Indian parents decided they needed her at home to care for her younger brothers and sisters. Charlotte returned to

the reservation, and Celia wondered if all the training she had given her Indian child would be lost. How

could a young fifteenyear-old girl be of help to anyone except to her parents as a babysitter?

Charlotte didn't forget her Fayette parents. She

writes to them often, and her letters are full of hopeful plans. She writes of her marriage to a Navajo boy

who was also educated in a Mormon home. She cans

her own fruit and sews for her two young sons. She

is a Primary teacher and Relief Society visiting teacher at Mexican Hat. This "shy little pigeon"is

becoming a leader and is helping to raise the standards of her people.

Robert Jackson lived with V. Lloyd and Florence

Bartholomew his first year and then moved into the home of Glen and Lillian Lyman. He spent the

next nine years until his high school graduation as part of the Lyman family. Both Lyman sisters, Beth

and Iris, insist that they don't consider Robert as a foster brother, but just like a "blood"brother. Robert

feels hurt when anyone adds the word "foster"when introducing him as part of the family. "I am one of

you,"he insists. Beth says, "When it is Christmas

or birthdays, Robert receives presents along with the rest of us. He had equal gifts, equal teasing, equal

love, and equal chores."The Navajos believe that His sisters, Jane (r), from Lehi, and Ellen,

Louise Grove,'and Pleasant Mary the men should be catered to, and it took Robert a from his of granddaughter Bartholomew, while to learn that everyone in the Lyman family parents; came to Charles BilDe's graduation.foster

"pulls his own load."

Wilbert Willie was one of the first Indians to ofBahehis BillieFFA receivedwork. a scholarship as a result

come to Fayette. He lived with Melvin and Betty

Mellor and was an outstanding member of the community.

Robert Begay stayed with Milton and Celia

Bartholomew for only a year before he was drafted.

He is now a patrolman qn the reservation.

The church program encourages Indian students to remember and be proud of their heritage. Robert

Begay and Bahe spent (Continued on page 768)

SEPTEMBER 1964 743 from the Genealogical Society's library records, census records, and any other record I had access to. I even resorted to going through microfilmed

newspapers in Tennessee page by page in order to find something of value regarding the Van Hooser family. I felt that I must go to Tennessee and visit

with the elderly living Van Hoosers before they died.

Mrs. Van Hooser suggested that we travel together

o and look up these Van Hooser descendants.

1 n At the annual William Stewart family organization meeting in April 1963, I approached the subject GENEALOGY of the organization supporting me on the trip. They

were in favor, and I knew I was on my way.

The summer was spent in organizing material to take. I arranged with my neighbor, Vaughn Hunter

and his wife, to care for my two younger children; in

exchange, I would do genealogical research for them.

With these arrangements made, I began to realize my trip would soon become a reality.

doubt entered my mind about leaving my My Then family for such a long period of time, for I would be gone a month. I kept asking myself if I were

doing the right thing, and I turned to my Heavenly

Father in prayer. Many times during those days IGenealosical went to my bedroom, closed the door, and knelt in

prayer, asking my Heavenly Father whether I should leave my family. At the end of a week I had my

answer. I knew without doubt that I was to go.

On September 1, I boarded a train for Elgin, IlliMission

BY JOYCE L1NDSTROM nois, where I was met by Thelma Van Hooser, her husband, and son. I knew beforehand that Thelma

Who has ever heard of anyone leaving her husband was a Methodist, and she knew that I was a Mormon.

and three young children to go 3,000 miles away I learned to love her very much, for she has a great from home to gather genealogy? Well, you've heard love for this genealogy work that isn't to be found

of it now, for that is what I did. in everyone.

The idea first materialized when I was correWe traveled in her car down the state of Illinois, sponding with Mrs. R. V. (Thelma) Van Hooser of visiting relatives of mine with whom I had been

Elgin, Illinois, regarding the Van Hooser line. I had corresponding through the years. Our actual rebeen working for six years on this line, having exsearch began at Princeton, Kentucky. Here we met

hausted almost every available source I could obtain John Royal Van Hooser with whom Thelma had been

corresponding. He was a most congenial man who were still there three days. While there we visited

knew everyone in that area. He took us to visit Van Dr. John Leonard Van Hooser (too many Johns in

Hooser descendants, enabling us to gather much the Van Hooser family, so we added their middle valuable genealogical information in a short time. names to tell about whom we were talking) and

He drove us to the community of Farmersville, where Thomas G. Webb. Brother Webb, who is the only

most of the inhabitants were related to the Van member of the Church living in Smithville, has been

Hoosers. Some of the people we visited gave us geneworking for years on a history of DeKalb County.

alogical information from memory only, but farther up Because he knew so much about the families in that the hill in this area we stopped at the home of Miss area, we went to visit him.

Ollie Asher. When we asked her about the Van While we were in Smithville, the county clerk told

Hooser family and their dates of birth, marriage, and us about a Doak Van Hooser of whom we knew nothdeath, she brought out a book containing all the ing. He directed us to his widow, Mrs. Mae Chenard.

dates of her family back to her grandparents. While She was a jovial woman who took us to the family

I was copying this information, she pulled out two cemeteries where the Van Hoosers, including her more books. One had been kept by her late sister, husband, were buried. She knew a great deal about

a record of deaths and births of friends and relatives. this family and could tell us to whom the female

This book had come to an end when Miss Asher's Van Hoosers were married, which enabled us to get sister died. The other book was a record Miss Asher their tombstone records also. These cemeteries were

had been keeping herself. It contained a list of names outof-theway places and had it not been for her,

and death dates of everyone whose funeral had been we never would have found them. The information

held in the little church at the bottom of the hill. It we obtained from these cemeteries was most valuable

contained a wealth of genealogical information; how and helped complete many of our unfinished Van

I wish I had had my copying machine to copy that Hooser sheets.

valuable material. I knew my only chance to find out about Vaughn

Though our stay in Princeton was short, because Hunter's greatgrandfather, Ozias D. Swindell, was

Tennessee was our main objective, I felt that the trip while we were in Sparta. I prayed to my Heavenly

had been worthwhile with the information we gathFather for his help in locating a living descendant ered there. And that was but the beginning. It didn't of this man. Mr. Hunter's grandmother had always

take me long to realize that Tennessee has a wealth said she was Louella Slatten, a daughter of John of genealogical information, but it can't all be found Lawson Slatten and Mary Cope. However, a search

in the county courthouses. into the original records of White County, Tennessee,

From Princeton we journeyed to Nashville where and the 1880 census, listing Louella as a child, we worked one day in the genealogical library. showed this to be wrong. The 1880 census listed

While in this area we visited many elderly people, her mother as divorced and her name as Louella who told us much about their progenitors. We Swindell. The marriage records of White County

worked in Lebanon and from there journeyed to gave the marriage date of her parents, Ozias D. SwinSmithville, DeKalb County, to begin extensive redell and Mary Cope, and also the second marriage

search on Vaughn Hunter's lines. of her father to Sarah E. Johnson. The 1880 census

The county clerk in Smithville was very kind to revealed this couple living together, but no children us—with both of us copying as fast as we could, we were listed. (Continued on page 766)

Teachers of the gospel can greatly increase their effectiveness if they will study the history, culture, and other background material of the people referred to in the scriptures. Often the scriptures convey a

different meaning when understood in their historical context. Certainly a historical

situation has an effect on what the Lord leads a prophet to say or write. Further,

much color can be added to lessons when the teacher understands the cultural heritage of the people under consideration, and a conscientious teacher will be amazed with the intellectual curiosity shown by students when background material is interjected into a lesson.

. Some things have to be known to be

loved. A general knowledge of the life

and time in which the Lord Jesus Christ lived will help teacher and students to know and love him for what he is, "the

Son of God."Teachers need, as it were,

to "resurrect"each scriptural character when he is central to a particular lesson.

The student of scriptural background should keep in mind that it is impossible for God to speak to man and to be understood without involving the human element. But one meets grave difficulties by

attempting to explain the scriptures in terms of the human element exclusively.

On the other hand the scriptures cannot be understood as being exclusively divine; for

example, Paul's style is mostly rugged and complicated, while John's is simple and smooth. 1 Paul views Christian teaching as \ "%jt: a system of logically related principles,

while John sees in it a group of concrete and mystical ideas which he calls "The

Truth."2 With Paul the problem of human

CONDUCTEDteachinqBY THE CHURCH "*-*

UNIFIED SCHOOL. SYSTEM

MAKING BY KENNETH W. GODFREY

FORMER DIRECTOR OF THE SAN FRANCISCO INSTITUTE

OF RELIGION; NOW ON LEAVE OF ABSENCE TO PURSUE

DOCTORAL STUDIES.

746 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

redemption is the antithesis of love and Planting trees near objects of worship, grace, works and faith, merit and justificaclipping or shaping the hair and beard, tion. With John the antithesis of life is and boiling a young goat in its mother's

death and of light, darkness. In Mark is milk were practices of those who worshiped

found the loose and broken style of the Baal. Thus the Lord is in effect warning THE FISHERMAN

typical vernacular, while Luke's writings Israel to stay true to its own religion. Some

present a literary finish which compares religions teach that eating the flesh of favorably with some of the best Greek swine is wrong because Deuteronomy 14:8

literature of his day. 3 prohibits the use of pork. Most Bible

The thoughtful person will understand scholars feel that this commandment had these things as he studies or teaches the some value for the ancient Hebrews. "Few

scriptures. The human element can be question its lack of relevancy to our day."5

better understood by one who has a broad Students are sometimes surprised to scriptural background. The divine is often learn that Ecclesiastes, chapter twelve, is

more meaningful when one understands the not a prediction of some catastrophic event

THE PHARISEE human being through whom God is makbut a beautiful, realistic description of a ing his will known. person growing old. "... the grinders cease

The purpose of this article is to give some because they are few..."6 refers to the loss

examples of how a study of background of teeth that sometimes accompanies old can clarify, give variety, explain, and add age. A teacher can create a greater desire

zest to lesson material. This is done in the for scriptural understanding by explaining

hope that teachers will be stimulated to this chapter to students after asking them greater gospel scholarship. to give their own opinions with respect to

In Deuteronomy 16:21; Leviticus 19:27its meaning.

28; 21:5; and Exodus 23:19, the children Teachers of the Old Testament should

THE INNKEEPER of Israel are asked not to plant trees "near especially keep in mind the words of Elder unto the altar of the Lord,""round"the John A. Widtsoe:

corners of their heads or beards, "seethe a "Yet it is probable that in some reported kid in his mother's milk,"nor "make any cases the Lord has been credited with cuttings"in their "flesh for the dead."If commands that came from the lips of

these commandments applied to every perhuman leaders of the day."7

son we would neither plant trees, cut our We know for example that the Lord did hair, nor clip our beards. These commandnot harden the heart of Pharaoh. 8 Joseph

ments are easily understood when studied Smith corrected this passage in his Inspired in their Canaanite background. As Max Version of the Bible. We can also conRogers says: clude that an evil spirit did not come from

"These commandments and many others the Lord to trouble Saul as recorded in reflect the tremendous cultural conflict 1 Samuel 16:1415.

which arose between the Hebrews and their Ezekiel 14:9 says:

neighbors the Canaanites."4 "And if the ( Continued on page 754

THETHE PUBLICAN SCRIPTURES I1VE

THE SOLDIER

The Church Office gardens, in downtown Salt Lake City, is an example for all units of the Church.

BEHOLD, MINE HOUSE BY DAVID E. LOFGREN

LANDSCAPE HORTICULTURIST.

CHURCH BUILDING DEPARTMENT

To you—to me—to each of us the call has been given—For want of a nail the shoe was lost,

"For Zion must increase in beauty, and in holiness; For want of a shoe the horse was lost,

her borders must be enlarged; her stakes must be For want of a horse the battle was lost,

strengthened; yea, verily I say unto you, Zion must and so on—

arise and put on her beautiful garments."( D&C 82: 14.

Have you looked at your chapel lately? Does it The modern sequel now runs:

tell the world of your love and devotion? What does

it say? Though first impressions are sometimes wrong, With unkept grounds comes loss of respect,

they are very often quite lasting. What are the With loss of respect comes building neglect,

impressions your chapel gives? With building neglect comes reverence lack,

Few products, no matter how good, sell very well With reverence gone, who wants to come back.

when offered in poor or damaged containers. Not

only does the appearance of your chapel and its Attendance down, grounds have a very real effect on the world that Activity down, passes by, but the impact it has on the members themSpirituality down, selves is most vital. Down,

The poem of old used to tell: Down, and Out!

748 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Robert Chamberlain and John R. Lemon care for the The arid climate of the Southwest lends itself

Church Office gardens. to beautiful landscaping.

This is a diseased type of problem, slowly infecting, constantly invading eventually to destroy.

Few men would eat or expect to feed their friends at a dirty restaurant—but how often in a building not

up to grade do we seek relief or offer relief from the eternal hunger and thirst.

Are we doing justice to the product we have to offer? Are we keeping the containers worthy of the

contents? How often while shopping have you rejected an item because the container was soiled, bent,

torn, or not up in quality? Whether we admit it or

not the same feeling of rejection works on our attitude, even though subconsciously, when we walk into an untidy building, home, or chapel.

The appearance of your chapel and its grounds may well set the mood for all your church activities:

good—bad—or indifferent. We can ill afford to take Work parties keep weeds and debris under control

the chances entailed by apathetically allowing our around LDS chapels.

chapels to retrogress into unworthiness, for as they go down, so, too often, do we.

Have you ever noticed how newly shined shoes make a boy's step more brisk, or how a clean dress can make a girl seem to sparkle all day? You can

find meetinghouses and chapel grounds that do the same thing for the services being held.

You say this is all fine and good, but "What can or should I do personally?"

Our chapels and their grounds must be put in good order.

Then we must prepare, repair, and maintain these facilities that we rely on heavily but so often neglect.

If the church grounds are unkept, of many of the You are sure you have slept Typical grounds wellkept When you should have been lending a hand. these at the Arizonaare

Temple.

SEPTEMBER 1964 749

Beauty extends even to the backyards of the chapels.

It's no good just to gripe be sure "work parties"are not new, either.

Or to polish and to pipe, "And the priests went into the inner part of the

Unless you join in with the band. house of the Lord, to cleanse it, and brought out all

the uncleanness that they found...."(2 Chron. 29:16.

To each lies a trust, So we must gird up ourselves and do as our fathers

To each a real must, did before us. But, as we gird ourselves for the tasks,

But there's only one way to improve it. we should be aware of another fact:

"Behold, mine house is a house of order, saith the

You can offer your hand, Lord God, and not a house of confusion."(D&C

Don't just idly stand, 132:8.) This not only needs to apply to the condition

You know what is needed, now do it! of our chapels, but must also apply to any plans to

improve existing chapels. So—put this house in order,

This thought of beautification through good landbut do it in an orderly manner.

scaping and good maintenance is not a new idea. Start an epidemic of beauty. Avoid the litter habit,

In fact, in Genesis we read, "And the Lord God took or even go the extra mile, not hesitating to step out the man, and put him into the garden of Eden to of your way, if necessary, to pick up a stray or undress it and to keep it."(Gen. 2:15.) sightly piece of paper or trash on the lawn or in the

Further on in Isaiah we find, "The glory of Lebanon shrubs. Set an example.

shall come unto thee, the fir tree, the pine tree, and Now beyond the individual effort, when you see a the box together, to beautify the place of my sancbigger need, go to the bishop and offer your services tuary;..."(Isa. 60:13.) to help with a work party or serve on a ward beautifiFrom the Doctrine and Covenants, "Yea, all things cation committee, or suggest other ways by which

which come of the earth, in the season thereof are you can make better use of your talents and time.

made for the benefit and use of man, both to please "For Zion must increase in beauty, and in holithe eye and to gladden the heart"; (D&C 59:18.) ness;..."(Ibid., 82:14.) Beauty and holiness go

"And let all things be done in cleanliness before hand in hand just as do love and service:

me."(Ibid., 42:41.)

Both inside and out, our chapels should glow with Serve well—Love much,

our love and care. We can all work—and you can Build beauty—Holiness find. (A. Johns.)

750 THE IMPROVEMENT BRA Get new Amoco 120 Super Tires now? Now!

What? Trade in your originalequipment tires when the tread's scarcely dirty, much less

worn! Why not? You'll never get a better deal on AMOCO 120 Super Tires, Longer wearing.

Truertracking, Safer driving. Better looking. Just remember—the fewer miles you go before

you swap, the more you save on AMOCO 120s. See me soon. I'm at thousands of

American Oil stations from coast to coast, so I'm never very far away. You pji

expect more from Americanand you get it. Your AmericanAMERICAN OIL COMPANYOH Dealer (aivericai

SEPTEMBER 1964 751 Church Moves On York World's Fair. Governor George These Times

D. Clyde spoke briefly, and the

(Continued from page 714) Tabernacle Choir sang. In the (Continued from page 710)

evening the choir gave a highly praised concert at New York City's government increased from 2 to 8 in Utah and Idaho. Celebrations for famed Carnegie Hall. percent, or to 21,914 in 1964 comthe coming of the pioneers were feapared with 3,551 in 1931. Of the

tured in communities throughout The Tabernacle Choir received 21,914 engaged in federal service,

Utah, and wherever there are mem- a standing ovation for their 57 percent are in the Armed Forces bers of the Church. Members of the concert this evening in Carnegie and 29 percent in the Veterans'AdKansas City Stake marked the day Hall. ministration. Thus 86 percent of the

by getting together and enjoying With this presentation of Seeds physicians working for the federal each others'company at Excelsior of a Miracle in the Tabernacle, the service are in defense or defenseSprings, Missouri. pioneer celebration ended in Salt related activity. The growth and

This was Utah Day at the New Lake City for another year. increase in VA hospitals since World

War II is evident throughout the country. The remaining 14 percent

of the 21,914 physicians employed by the federal government are reported in the US Public Health

Service. "Is there a doctor in the house?"[THE

is that physician whose name SPOKEN TO FATHERS YET YOUNGER Who

WORD i or number is called during the football game? Often he is that "specialist"in the field of surgical

RICHARD L. EVANS specialization known as an obstetrician. George Bugbee, of the

Perhaps today it would be permitted for fathers who are older to say some University of Chicago, commenting things to fathers yet younger. Apart from all the differences that age can on the trends, has written:

account for, the closeness that fathers and sons feel for each other may "Review of the figures... on

widen somewhat at times—and then come yet much closer, when sons where physicians work does not

become fathers, and when they themselves feel some things that fathers show any great decline in the num-... available for care of thefelt for them. "The influence of a man is not just in what he says but ber

is still public. profession essenThe the Eliot. he is,"what wrote son of Charles "Character is singularly W.

1 tially in private practice, inbutcontagious."his Wallace Hamilton, of his son said: Of John "The solidity

character helped me most."2 These comments and countless others lead creasingly as specialists rather than

unfailingly to the conclusion that what a father is and what his children as family physicians or general feel from him are among the most farreaching factors of life. They lead practitioners."

to another conclusion also, that fathers need to take time to let their children come close to them. "What a bleak, dreary... fatherhood it is that

sees but little beyond finances,"wrote Barnetta Brown, "that even sometimes says: 1 have given them a comfortable home....'The heights of CLOSE WOVEN

fatherhood lie beyond the material.... He must forget at times the BY HELEN REED MOFFITT

worldly business of a father and remember only that he is guiding souls....

A father, then... must be of fine, large quality, strong, sane and loving;

a selfforgetful, pleasant guide... a comfortable man."s With fathers and Little towns are cozy places;

sons there is sometimes restraint, the handclasp, awkwardly the arm around, They're so friendly dressed, the heart too full to say it all—the unwritten code of man to man. Of such With tiny houses sewn together

Eleanor Chaffee has said: "Once in a lifetime if it is to be, A man's eyes Like buttons on a vest.

his son'sand meet lock In recognition, and sudden free; may full and Their shining lighted windows

... instant only, Time's clock. hasteningAn by But in that moment. The

bloodtie of the past has bridged the span Between two spirits. Fortunate Gather strangers passing through;

the one Who, wordless, with a hand laid on the head Of him who bears With outstretched arms give his name, has sensed the look Deep in the innocent eyes, that seems to Welcome, carded new.

spread Glory about them... "4 God bless the memory of fathers gone and

those yet with us—fathers blessed to see sons and daughters grow up in Little towns ate filled with

honorable service, fathers blessed to hold their children and their children's children in their encircling arms. And thanks this day to him who made Music of voices singing in the night,

us in his own image, who is the Father of us all. Where cheerful, glowing bonfires

Are burning gold and white.

A. Eliot. by SamuelJTo Charles W. Eliot,

2To Hamilton, John Wallace Wallace Hamilton, Jr. Little towns are woven with the by John

3Barnetta Mistakes Brown, "Mothers'Failures,"and Fathers'The Ladies Home Journal, February 1900. Common kind of fun. Alletta4Eleanor Chaffee, "Eternal Moment,"Improvement The Era, February 1956.

Love knits folks together in "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the ColumbiaBroadcasting System, June 21, 1964. Copyright 1964. A fabric, warm, homespun.

752 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NEW AMERICAN TEMPERANCE PLAN '100PAYS WEEKLY.

even for life to Nondrinkers and Nonsmokers!

At last—a new kind of hospitalization plan for you thousands who realize drinking and

smoking are evil. Rates are fantastically low because "poor risk"drinkers and smokers

are excluded. Since your health is superior there is no age limit, no physical examination,

no waiting period. Only you can cancel your policy. No salesman will ever call. Starting

the first day you enter any hospital, you will be paid $14.28 a day.

of hospitalization sickness, use caused by or not do drinkYou THIS smoke TODAY! DO

else narcotics. liquor or everything On Fill application right mail out below and for so pay premiums why fully low you're amazingly protected—at will policy approval, away. your be Upon those do? who rates! at begins mailed. promptly Coverage noon in see newspaperEvery you your day policy. of date deyour Don't on effective 3. loss for that drinking benefits evidence smokingmore Other and lay. people enter almost Every day 50,000

life. of America's They'reshorten one now of 90 accident days within hospitals. protection get now. your So cause healthleading prime problems—a policy). in described (as $2000 pay We hospitaliratesof the high most premium for accidental death. cash cash Or $2000

policies charge.zation foot, of loss sight or for of hand, one one MONEYBACK GUARANTEE

loss for over carefully. eye. of policy your cash Read your both minAsk Or $6000 one rates are your based on Our it. ister, doctor lawyer examine sure and Be feet. eyes, or hands, both both

it it exactly provides what Then, say towe health, superior all at satisreason are not if for any you 100%does. nondrinkeras nonsmoker. a and The to just mail back policy us within your close invite 30 comparison We

will fied,days immediately and refund we your enHospitaliza- American Temperancenew plan. other with any tire asked. questions premium. can You No offertion low unbelievably Plan can you

. dollars risk thousands gain nothing...you of is like ours. other comActually, But no drinkersrates accept not because do we save. rates. pare See what you rates. Also, smokers, high causeand who

your premiums can never be raised beolder orcause have grow you too many TEAR OUT AND MAlL TODAY J /? LATEclaims. rate adjustment a general Only

up or down could affect your low rates. Application to Pioneer Life Insurance Company, Rockford, Illinois

And only you can cancel your policy. We FOR AT300cannot.

READ YOUR AMERICAN AMERICAN TEMPERANCE HOSPITALIZATION POLICY

TEMPERANCE PLAN BENEFITS Name (PLEASE PRINT) 1. You receive $100 cash weekly—StreetCity or RD #.Zone County.State.

TAX FREEeven for life, Age Date of Birth from the first day you enter a hospital. Month Day Year

Good in any hospital in the world. We pay Occupation.Height Weight

in addition to any other insurance you Beneficiary Relationship carry. We send you our payments Air I also apply for coverage for the members of my family listed below:

Mail Special Delivery so you have cash NAMAGE HEIGHT WEIGHT BENEFICIARY on hand fast. No limit on number of times 1.

you collect. 2.

2. We cover all accidents and

sicknesses, except pregnancy, any act of war or miliTo the best of your knowledge and belief, are you and all members listed above in good health or disease? free Yes physical impairment, from anytary service, preexisting accidents or and

of best No Qlisted had medical advice or have you above knowledge, or any member To the your

IMPORTANT: Check table below and include yr first treatment, or have you or they been advised to have a surgical operation in the last five years?

give details so, please stating person affected, cause, date, name and address Yes Nopremium with application.

fully recovered. of physician,n attending and whether

LOOK AT THESE AMERICAN TEMPERANCE LOW RATES Pay Monthly Pay Yearly Each child 18 Neither I nor any person listed above uses tobacco or alcoholic beverages, and I hereby apply and under pays $28 $28 for a policy based on the understanding that the policy does not cover conditions originating prior to its effective date, and that the policy is issued solely and entirely in reliance upon the adult Each written answers to the above questions.

1964 pays $380 $38 DateSigned:X.

Each adult 65100 pays $590 *59 ATIATMail this application with your first premium to 874

SAVE TWO MONTHS PREMIUM IY PAYING YEARLY! AMERICAN TEMPERANCE ASSOCIATES, Inc., Box 131, Libertyville, Illinois

SEPTEMBER 1964 753 thrown away, his soul would be inquiries as to health, etc., are reguarded and kept by the Great peated over and over again."13 This

Making the Scriptures Live Shepherd like the necessaries in the perhaps explains in part the admoniscrip of life.'*12 tion of Christ that his Apostles

Oriental salutations can be and salute no man by the way. 14

(Continued from page 747) often are long and drawn out. Phylacteries are mentioned sevMackie says: "Many other matters eral times in the scriptures. 15 A

of compliment and courteous soliciphylactery is a small black box prophet be deceived when he hath tude are introduced, and the same about a cubic inch in size containspoken a thing, I the Lord have deceived that prophet,..."

It is almost superfluous to say that this scripture does not agree with our concept of God. Therefore,

either the translation is incorrect or a man is speaking and not the Lord.

Students f of the gospel should remember the eighth article of faithand the words of Elder Widtsoe as I THE PARENTS... AND FREEDOM SPOKEN thethey Bible. preach teach and WORD i AND PRINCIPLES Traveling scrip or without purse

is often mentioned in connection with the early missionaries of the

Church. It might interest students

to know that the "scrip"was carried by shepherds in Palestine. It was

side. at their which hung a bag The RICHARD L. EVANS the dressed from wasbag made

skin of a kid, and into it the shepherd put his stock of bread, olives, cheese, To pursue further some thoughts on personal freedom: "Parents have a

to their children govern duty figs. 9raisins, and dried

1 is to of all government good.. prepare."said Dr.theLymansubjectAbbott.for selfgovernment.""But the object mentioned The "staff"along with

the "rod"in Psalm 23 is made from Sometimes parents don't counsel enough, and sometimes children don't a young tree. The staff is about listen enough. Sometimes good advice irritates because it is given the

six feet long and has a crook at one wrong way, but taking good advice, even when it is given the wrong way, end. The rod hangs from the belt is better than incurring painful penalties and tragic consequences. Someof the shepherd. It has a head into times in youth we may wonder why parents worry. But there are hazards,

which are driven nails with large and there are situations that are compromising and conducive to unwise horseshoelike heads. Needless to conduct. And it is part of the Godgiven responsibility of parents to

say the "rod"made a good decounsel and to be concerned. Perhaps the real question is: What are

fensive weapon. 10 parents for? Certainly they are for more than merely providing shelter

The "sling"used by David was and physical sustenance. Parents are there to guide, to counsel, and by

probably made of goat hair. The example to show and to live the right way. And while a parent perhaps

pad for the stone was rounded, diashould not superimpose his personality or personal pattern upon a child, he mond shape, with a small slit in the certainly must superimpose the principles upon which life is safely and sucmiddle so that when a stone was cessfully lived. The responsibility of parents to children and children to

pressed into it, it closed around like parents is not something to be set aside. There must be respect and

a bag. 11 The "sling"was largely obedience and discipline along with love. If there is respect at home,

used to remind wandering sheep there will be respect at school, and respect and obedience for the laws that they should return to the fold, of the land. This also young people must remember: that they cannot

and eastern shepherds were eximpair their own lives without involving others. No person can hurt

tremely accurate in its use. himself without hurting his family. No one can find himself in sorrow

"The use of the sling was exactly without bringing sorrow to others besides himself. Along with freedom,

the opposite of that of the scrip—there is safety and assurance in seeking and accepting counsel and in sharthe one throwing out, the other keeping confidences, and we should never resent or impetuously reject what

ing what was put into it. This is is sincerely intended for our own good. Freedom should be iised for

probably the meaning of Abigail's making the best possible choices. And in all our relationships with loved

words to David, when she conones we ought to keep close counsel and confidence with 'one another.

trasted 'the bundle of life'and its "All good1 government"—even at home—"is to prepare... for selfgovern-

contents with the sling and its ment."And how can anyone well govern himself if he hasn't been taught

stones. (1 Sam. 25:29.) The man obedience and respect for people and for property and the need for living

standi, g in front of her most likely and keeping the law.

had both his sling and provisionpouch on his person, and while the 'Dr. Lyman Abbott, "The Unquenchable Desire,"The Outlook, September 7, 1921.

souls of his enemies would be like "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia stones in the sling, things to be Broadcasting System, July 19, 1964. Copyright 1964.

754 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA There is something for everyone at the University of Utah

This statesupported school exists to serve the people of Utah. It is

a center for community cultural activities, including music, drama, ballet and art, as well as athletics. It offers opportunities for everyone

to expand his horizon, his capability for understanding and enjoyment.

But the prime purpose of the University is to provide capable instructors and adequate facilities for educating the youth of the state.

FALL QUARTER REGISTRATION The University of Utah has continually expanded and improved—Sept. 21to meet the challenge of Utah's growing education needs. Today it Freshman Orientation

Sept. 23stands out as one of America's finest universities, with advantages and Freshman Registration——Sept. 2526opportunities for Utah students that can be matched at no other school. All Others Register

Class Work Starts—Monday, Sept. 28

For additional information, write:

The wide and versatile curriculum includes: University Relations Office

Business Letters and Science Pharmacy Education Medicine Engineering UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

Fine Arts Mines and Minerals Social Work Law Nursing Graduate School Salt Lake City, Utah ing copies of Exodus 13:2-17 and

Deuteronomy 6:4-9, 11:1321. At

prayer on weekdays one was fastened on the brow and another on the left arm by the leather straps Why attached to them. The Pharisees

made these boxes large and the straps broad. It was this to which

Jesus referred when he rebuked the you'll want Pharisees in Matthew 23:5.

'Anyone who has read Jesus the

Christ, by James E. Talma ge, is impressed with the exceptional way

he made use of his New Testament your next range background in acquainting readers with the life of Christ. What Christ

meant when he said that it would be easier for a camel to go through of a needle the eye rich for a than to enter heaven to be GAS man much is made clearer after reading some possible explanations by Dr. Talmage. 16

A study of the background of each scriptural book is immensely helpful for the church teacher. It is valuable to know that Mark wrote his

Gospel, in part at least, to preserve the recollections of Peter with respect to Jesus. 17 Matthew was written to articulate his Gospel with the

Jewish scriptures. He further wanted

to prove to the Jews that Jesus was indeed the longawaited Messiah. 18

Luke wrote to preserve the stories and incidents about Jesus then circulating the Mediterranean world. 19

The Gospel of John answered the demand for a more universal gospel—gospel for the gentile as well as

for the Jew. 20 This Gospel puts forth

a new interpretation of the spiritual significance of Jesus in terms of

Greek thought. 21 An understanding

of these facts will aid the student and teacher in their attempt to comprehend the writings of early prophets.

Knowing the meaning of biblical

A wide choice of makes and models in both free standing and and built ins. words can also aid the student. For

See the new modern automatic gas ranges at your gas appliance dealer's today. example, create meant to organize

or to bring together. Joseph Smith

supports this view in one of his

This beautiful sermons. 22 The word day in the

creation story could well have been value—$62.50—installed anywhere you wish translated period of time. 23 This—with on your lot of your purchase a modern gas range from your appliance dealer.* little item can bring much comfort FREE!

'Furnished and installed by Mountain Fuel in the area we"serve. to the student of geology as he reads

the creation story.

Teachers should stay abreast of word changes and their relationship

in let meant, 1611 MOUNTAIN to the scriptures. Scholars tell us the version of FUEL whenthat ourthe wordKing James iUrfll COMPANY

Bible was translated, hinder.

/Ya&vta/ GaA StAviGt,- Here are some other changes in word meaning:

756 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA You'll

The extra

of a Fall Vacation by Domeliner

COLORFUL AUTUMN is an ideal time to travel... and and Coach travel. Generous baggage checking allowance

for pure pleasure, Domeliner is the ideal way to go. on all tickets.

SCENERY is more romantic and beautiful viewed at HERE'S an added convenience. By rail, you leave (and

eyelevel through widevision Dome windows. arrive) DOWNTOWN. Plan a fall trip now. See your

nearby Union Pacific ticket agent for reservations.DINING CAR MEALS are exciting adventures. Delicious

foods of your choice, expertly prepared... an extra

treat in the AstraDome dining cars on the "City of UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD

Los Angeles,""City of Portland,"and "City of Denver."

ACCOMMODATIONS so restful and relaxing you'll wish the trip were longer. Your choice of economical legrest DOMELINERS"CITY OF LOS ANGELES""THE CHALLENGER"

reserved Coach seats or luxuriously private and quiet—east to Omaha and Chicago

Pullman rooms. Lounge cars also add to your travel "CITY—westOF toST.LasLOUIS"Vegas and Los Angeles

enjoyment.—east to Denver, Kansas City, St. Louis

—west to Las Vegas and Los Angeles

MONEYSAVING FAMILY FARES apply to both Pullman

SEPTEMBER 1964?57

Word Meaning in 1611 25 On Red Star Yeast's AllegeTake no thought ProveBe not anxious

Immediately By and by BACK FENCE Recipe Exchange Demand Ask Communicate Share

What's your favorite yeast recipe? Send it to the Charity Love

m Yeast."Back Fence"If it's used,RecipeyouExchangeget $25.00hereinatcash.Red Nice!Star Changes in word meaning can and

Our "Back Fence"recipes come from good cooks often do make a difference in our like you all over Red Star land. Quality cooks, who ability to understand what a prophet

ill insist on quality yeast for quality baking. themeant;Bibleforintoexample,the Arabictranslatorslanguageof

To enter your recipe: Mail it with three empty used a particular word when transRed Star Yeast packets to "Back Fence"Recipe lating creeping things in the story

Exchange, Box 710, Minneapolis 40, Minn. (Tear of the creation. In time this word

out this ad to remind you!) was used by Arabs when talking

FREE! "Back Fence"recipe booklet when you enter your recipe! about tanks. After World War II,

Arabs used this word only when speaking of tanks. Thus the word in

the Bible had to be changed because

God did not create "tanks"on the

THE ONLY OFFICIAL fifth day of creation.

BAKEOFF YEAST callsTeachingfor somethescripturalgospel studyeffectivelyconRED STAR i AfiTIVE DRY YEAST fl tinually. Books on the life and

times of ancient peoples can also be read with profit. The teacher with

a store of knowledge is generally happier and more secure in the wau*.u—1—WM*flflJIJUJH UJAI a classroom.

NOTES

xDana, H. E., The New Testament

World, Broadman Press, Nashville, Tennessee, 1937, pp. 7-8.

2Idem. sIdem. 4Rogers, Lewis Max, "Helping the

Student Understand the Historical Background of the Old Testament,"unpublished paper.

Hdem. "Eccles. 12:3.

7Widtsoe, John A., Evidences and

Reconciliations, p. 117.

8Exod. 4:21.

9Mackie, George M., Bible Manners and

Customs, Fleming H. Revell Company,

p. wldem.30.

"Ifctd.,7 p. 32.

12/foio., p. 33.

Ihid., p. 149.

14See Luke 10:4.

How can Bigelow carpet help your church? 15See16See JesusMatt. the23:5,Christ, p. 485.

17Goodspeed, Edgar J., The Story of

the Testament, University of Chicago New tell architect. your thatAsk day's you He can buildings. new church Mormon

p. 50.fine carpet, like Bigelow, absorbs noise filaPress, loomed with And continuous 100% Ihid., 55. p.to create an serenity. of atmosphere pile, nylon ment Cordridge will give 63. p. mbid., he demonstrate can carpet And years years of and how wear. 115. lhid., p.

actually saves on maintenance and There's a Bigelow carpet to suit 21Idem.

cleaning costs. every church, public building, home. DHC 6, 302317.

Finally, no one need tell you what Bigelow has or can customcreate the 23See Penrose, Charles W., "The Age

carpet can do for appearance. The disperfect carpet. We've done it since 1825. and Destiny of the Earth,"The Improvetinctive tree bark texture of Cordridge ment Era, 12:505 (May 1909).

(above), in any of its 16 colors, is esRUGS & CARPETS pecially adaptable to the decor of SINCE 1825 toBigelow 3 758 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Wonder what to serve when you have friends in?

Tahitian Saints Why not tryPostum? Visit Temple

The first visit to the temple of the Lord is always a memorable event for

Latterday Saints. This dream of a lifetime came true last Christmas for

sixtyfour members of the FrenchPolynesian Mission (Tahitians). One

member, Tahauri Hutihuti, an eightyfour-yearold pearlshell diver from

Islands,the thirty for years saving been Tuamotu had for the time when Instant to to could his enter wifehe the temple and family. be sealed

"Over the years a temple excursion had been planned several times, I:

by steamship or mission schooner, only to have the trip cancelled for several reasons. airplane the Then excursion to the New Zealand Temple C EKEAL* BEVERAGE it announced, a reality.was and became

The first group, including President and Sister Thomas R. Stone, left NoCaffe/n)

Papeete on December 16; the other travelers departed December 23. Waiting for them at the Auckland International Airport was Sister Ruth Mitchell,

widow of President E. Bentley Mitchell, who, after serving as mission president, served as a member of a committee responsible for the translation of

the temple ceremony into Tahitian. It was a joyous reunion with

Sister Mitchell.

From the airport the final part of the trip was made by bus. In the

dark of near midnight they caught a first glimpse of the spotlighted temple while they were yet many miles from it. Arriving on the temple grounds

they knelt in a prayer of thanksgiving for their safe arrival. Living quarters Flavorful, hearty Postum

had been arranged for them on the adjacent Church College campus. just naturally encourages

Then on Christmas Day 1963, the first of these Tahitians entered the good talk among friends.

temple to receive of its blessings in their own language. During the two Made with pure,

weeks in New Zealand some six hundred endowments and three hundred energyfood ingredients baptisms for the dead were performed. In addition thirtyfive patriarchal and no caffein,

blessings were received. Postumgivesyouanafura/ lift.

You can drink all you like. After the first week of temple work, a Polynesian concert was organized

for the Tahitian, Tongan, Samoan, and Maori temple groups. Each group If you haven't tried

performed its own songs and dances. The Tahitians were especially praised Instant Postum lately,

for their aparima and himene tarava, which the New Zealanders had rarely, you're missing a satisfying, bracing drink.

if ever, seen.

You'll enjoy its natural lift. While at the college, arrangements were made for some Tahitian

students to attend this school after they have completed their studies in The Natural Lift

French Polynesia. Send name and address

This was the first temple excursion for those Saints of the oldest foreignforfree Postum recipes to:

speaking mission in the Church (missionaries were called from Nauvoo), Postum Recipes, but it certainly will not be the last excursion. The next one is scheduled Box 1040, Kankakee, Illinois.

for March 1965. Postum is a registered trademark

of General Foods Corporation.

SEPTEMBER 1964 759 DIRECT SHOPPER Sports YMMIA athletic committee. Forms

are available for submission to the ntn!3@g>\ BOOK, Costs committee. are to be met (Continued from page 735)

"LEARN MODERN GLAMOUR stakes. 'wards and by %h UJililMUlH The YMMIA golf tournament this To initiate the program this year,

Ways Pay * Make conferplayers 118 from the awards at June summer drew were made lobs * PartBig,

Time Later.* ProofTimeCareer *at AutomationHomeMoneyNowFull10 Different..A qualifying ence to those recomStates the part of and United -K'/S. TOOLS 'western

suggested Presirepresentative. committee Pakistani a mended. The

'"dollars.;tob'jj,800. < plus fM t0 lev.few nit.fromtfOt reto that individuals aapieces honored be of the dent Eldon Nathan Tanner;<S!,T

truly can conversation the modern make NOWYOU ceive stake the quarat First recognition started tournathe Presidency - beautiful the breathtakingly pieces sofas, armchairs, e.l r?H'Mrr?Xto builtins, ottomans, headboards, cornices seen terly next or the conference ward joined in the play and ment was by

in color BEAUTIFUL, HOUSE AMERICAN inHOME slipcovers, draperies, MAGAZINES. Make SUNDAYphotos AND MAIL US conferthe following meeting Assistant to Elder the June Longden, John furnishings, cushions. on REACHES Work home IN ONEAIR FOR DAY WR HE

trailers! Learn UPHOLSTERY MODERN CAN YOUboats, in the will ence. be of Awards the Council made Twelve. ANDFAST,cars, MAKE DIFFERENT WAYS! TEN EASY, UPHOLSTERY MONEY FREE

letter Card or to: OVERHEAD! HOME, AT NO CAREER

lesson qualify as with individuals future of the challenges facing the [(Sample, One GUIDEBOOK

Box 899EL Orange, California YWMIA program is that mothers local presentation suggested.

Mail Free Book NAME -AGEand daughters do not understand With more than forty years of exSAMPLE LESSON ST. & NO.... the reasons for dress standards. perience behind it, the MIA athletic & BUSINESS

PLAN TO: CITY JZ) STATE The YWMIA tries to teach girls and recreation programs can go only

and mothers to use good taste while one way—forward. The influence

Do You Want Security in Your Home? participating in all events. There is for good continues to spread around

Should your power or gas fail no place in the girls'program for the world as missionaries, many of from clothes. team members them former desire boys'mannish The RITE THERMO or college wards, travel is for girls to look, act like home play, and Enclosure"Miracle Glass "The

with coal, will heat your front rooms like a girls. throughout the missions, often using

coal stove. Dress for girls at camp should the athletic program as a missionary

No has been youth help protect tool. Many an sunburn, LDS them from

Smoke basketball in teaching instrumental participation bushes, For and rocks. No

Sparks No sports they should dress in pedal or softball in some faroff land,

Draffy pushers and cotton blouses. utilizing it to help promulgate the

Floors The YMMIA insurance program gospel of the Master. Ample

Heat Solid paid claims in excess of $40,000 last As the Doctrine and Covenants

Brass year. This figure points up the need states, those who follow that admoni-

"A Treasure of Beauty, Economy and Safety"for the insurance programs. tion for good health can run and

Write for Free Colored Folder or Phone faint or but weary, not be walk and the 1965 season opens for When THERMORITE SALES BENNION ability to continue physical it enjoy athletic Blvd. Salt Holladay 4817 City, program, Lake Utah the YMMIA

Phone 2788111 or 2663310 should experience an even greater to the end.

year with the completion of the fine

Lake City one block north of TemLITTLE DICKENS WHEAT MILL new Deseret Gymnasium in Salt

ONLY ple Square. The new gym will be BY JOHN LLOYD MCMILLAN the home for the allchurch basket-

$695 ball and volleyball tournaments.

POSTPAID Basketball is scheduled in the new I love you very dearly,

ANYWHERE IN THE building March 1-5, 1965, and volleyThis I must confess;

UNITED STATES ball, May 7 and 8. The allchurch But with your breakfast on your bib,

Cracks or grinds softball tournament has had its home corn wheat, and quarters at George Q. Morris Park Baby—, you're a mess! II kinds of hard

grains, or soft min. since 1954. The grandstand at No need to wave your little spoon, lbs. per ORDER Vl

BY MAIL Morris Park was enlarged by 2,000 And gurgle, smile, and coo;

GUARANTEED more seats for the 1964 tournament. I'm not about to kiss you,

SPECIAL PRICES LDS GROUPS Another inducement for the YMDecked in all that goo!

program was anMIA athletic I simply cannot understand June conference at MIA PEHRSON HARDWARE nounced 21 15 So. 1 lth East, Salt Lake City—an awards program to honor ward Why it has to be,

and stake athletic directors for their That when you are the messiest, service. A certificate will be You always flirt with me!

presented for three years of service I wash your hands, I wash your face, fifteen, five, ten, a followed by MIA EAST, ITS FAST! MORE!AND a day, times dozen A for service pin or twentyyear s% For Your or Church Group

Your all group can raise the -J"jf needs, I to kiss you then, want J5 when And athletic service. exemplary "* easily, quickly, Ward without moneylc cost itto you! vVjS>

'"I send your a group supply of my ** S&sf.'&**&"turn always away! will You on director awards be, made assorted luxurious Christmas **:<!$&$&'

* jf"* Carol in Napkins advance. Asathletic stake of the little sorted recommendation cheery dickens, are designs, with a words You *'

for. the best -loved Christmas Carols '/ directors director. '/*?/*'to stake enhance Holiday Awards meals. 10 Have mem- I really suppose, But -,; berseachsell20packages;keep$50foryour of will treasury, recommendation send on be the balance made me */ of proceeds. kiss I to will decide you jr'Never lc Spend of Your Own supervisor regional the appropriateFRFPI 60 to days; up give credit l\LL we on napkinsMoney little risk nose! to nothing your try amazing,ou On my tested F<SAMPI the supervisors to regionalOMmrLCO by and TakeYplan, used by over50,000groups.

Kush name and address for now sample

Isnapkins, detai of Plan which brings my RUSH NAME fastyou cash, or valuable equipment AND ADDRESSfor your group, sent free, obligation. no

ANNA WADE, Dept. 364AT Lynchburg, Va TODAY!

760 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Thomas S. Monson

(Continued from page 732)

inspiration to every young man and to every young woman.

Oh, youth of the noble birthright, will you choose the Lord's way?

And now to the parents of youth, to you and to me. We, as parents,

have the responsibility of setting before our young people, our children, a proper example. Sometimes

our children will "get in our hair."

I know this; you know it. One

housewife after having a particularly harrowing day exclaimed to her neighbor, "Martha, I have come to the conclusion that insanity ishereditary. We get it from our BUILPING

children."And then that evening that same mother portrayed the truth of the statement that the most powerful combination of human emotions in the world is not called out by any grand cosmic event, or accounts found in history books or in a novel;

but merely by a parent gazing down upon a sleeping child. When a parent gazes upon a sleeping child,

that parent remembers the thought that was given me by Elder EIRay

L. Christiansen when he said, "That

little child that has come into your home is a sweet new blossom of humanity fresh fallen from God's own home to flower upon earth."

These are our children. Our home

is the place where we teach them.

And in the great home teaching program we have as our theme the statement from the First Presidency LOW?of the Church, "The home is the then make sure it's a Rilco laminated wood design

basis for the righteous life, and no other institution can take its place nor fulfil its essential functions."You don't have to cut corners. Economies come naturally with Rilco structural systems.

When we put our homes in order, we sameStrong,time,gracefullygive yourcurvingarchitectlaminatedgreaterwooddesignarchesfreedom.simplifyThereyourare construction.no expensive, Atbulkythe

put our lives in order, and we can columns, thus opening up your sanctuary for greater seating capacity. Erection costs

thus put the world in order. are substantially reduced, too, as Rilco arches, beams and decking go up fast. And

I remember hearing an account of natural wood needs practically no maintenance.

his camea little boy up to who result: unduplicated beauty The end of warm, richly grained wood—a true fZNfather. had just come home Dad of expression reverence of Worship. in a House

from work, and he was tired. He We have two interesting Rilco booklets we'd like to send you. Write today. I All C f

sat down in the large overstuffed chair and prepared to read the sports page. Little Johnny came up Please send me the following:

to Dad and said, "Daddy, tell me a D Church Construction Ideas Booklet l story,"as he tugged his pant leg. Selecting and Working With Your Church Architect

You know what we tell little NAME

Johnny. He said, "Johnny, you run CHURCH

on for a little while, and after I have ADDRESS read the sports page, you come back, C ITY ZON E STATE...

and then I'll tell you a story."MAIL TO: Weyerhaeuser Company, Box B-72, Tacoma, Wash.

You don't get rid of little Johnny

Rilco Laminated Wood Products AWeyerhaeuser J

SEPTEMBER 1964 761 that way. He tugged again, "Daddy, working outside the home. This was If our Heavenly Father would

tell me a story, now."Dad looked the theme of this article. give unto us such a denunciation for

down at Johnny and wondered, Mothers, may I declare that your a poor example, isn't it logical to as- "What in the world can I do to shake children need you. They have sume that he would give us his

him just for a few minutes?"Then questions to ask. Why, I think of approbation if we set before our

he looked on the end table, and there the little boy just four years old on a children a proper example? And

was a magazine and he had an idea. spring day, early in the morning. He then we can look back as did John

On the front cover of that magazine is out in the garden, and he sees a when he declared: "I have no greater

was a picture of the world, similar bumblebee buzzing in the lilac joy than to hear that my children to the Unisphere of the World's blooms, or perhaps he notices the walk in truth."(3 John 4.)

Fair. He tore the cover off that tiny ant making its tedious way

magazine and tore it in about sixteen Parents of youth, will you choose pieces. He handed them to little the Lord's way?

saying, let's play "Johnny,Johnny, for I say And now a moment may a these pieces game. You take as leaders and and NATURE'S MINT a word to you to me

the other getgo in the and room this tapeScotch put world and you BY VIRGINIA LEACH BALLOU Theof theyouthyouthwilloffollowthis greatwhen Church.leaders

together. When you do it properly, lead, and as is demonstrated in the

then I will tell you a story."Sheen of silver on the poplars, home teaching theme, "Our central

Johnny accepted the challenge. Aspen trees that turn to gold, task is to produce an individual who

Off he ran, and Dad settled back The green of pine and cedar walks uprightly before the Lord."

very pleased with himself. He knew Where leaves of copper beech unThis is our responsibility. You and

that he could now read the sports fold. I, we are not teaching Boy Scouts

page. But only a moment had simply how to tie knots. We are not

passed until here was Johnny This wealth may not he purchased simply teaching Beehive girls a lestugging at his pant leg again. Nor bartered in the market place, son in homemaking. We leaders are

"Daddy,"said Johnny, "I have put But nature coins with lavish hand teaching our boys and our girls that it together."Dad looked down and Riches for the human race. they may have the strength and the

saw those sixteen pieces, each one knowledge and the inspiration to in its proper place and felt that he make the decisions in life which will had a genius in the household. He across the pavement, and in his own surely be theirs to make. We have

turned to that little boy of his and little child's way he says, "Mother, a profound influence upon their he said, "John, my boy, how in the Mother, come quickly and look what lives. I think the poet demonstrated

world did you do it?"I have found."Is mother at home it when he said:

Johnny sort of ducked his head to answer his call?

and said, "Well, it wasn't too hard, A little tenyear-old girl, having Who touches a boy by the Master's

Dad. Turn the picture of the world successfully competed in a hopplan

over."And as Dad turned the scotch tournament fairly flies home Is shaping the course of a future

magazine cover over Johnny said, from school, bursts into the kitchen, man.

"You see on the back of the cover and cries, "Mother, Mother, I won, Is dealing with one who is human is the picture of a home. I just put I won!"Is mother at home to share seed

the home together, and the world her joy? Who may be the man whom the

took care of itself."One in every three American world will need.

When we put our homes together, mothers with children under the my brothers and sisters, the world age of 15 is employed outside the We have this challenge, and we will largely take care of itself. home. Mothers and fathers, do we have this responsibility. I express

Fathers, we may be the head of realize that we are making the patmy gratitude to my Heavenly Father the home. Mothers, you are the tern into which the lives of our for the strength of the leadership

heart of the home, and the heart of youngsters will be cast. To teach of the MIA program. You are great

the home is where the pulse of the our children, we must be close to in the sight of your young people.

home is. And I would trust that our children; the place to get close You are great in the sight of the

you recognize your real position in to our children is in the home. We world. You are great in the sight

the home. Recently I read an article have a responsibility to set before of the church leaders. You are great

in a prominent ladies'magazine them the proper example. I think in the sight of the Lord. Recently

wherein the author declared that the that I have never read a more scath- I read in a magazine a note written women of America were tired of ing denunciation by the Lord than by a Protestant minister. He said:

their role as homemakers, that in the book of Jacob in the Book of "Try and fill posts of leadership in mothers were tired of being Joey's Mormon wherein the Lord said: any church with nondrinkers and

mother, John's wife. This image is still get capable people. You just

an oldfashioned image. The article "Behold, ye have done greater can't do it."

seemed to indicate that the popular iniquities than the Lamanites, our A week later in the "letters to the thing today was to rear children brethren. Ye have broken the hearts editor"section someone wrote: "The

until they are in school and then of your tender wives, and lost the pastor who made this statement leave the responsibility of their inconfidence of your children, because must be unaware of the leaders of struction to the teachers so mother of your bad examples before them; the Mormon Church throughout

could fulfil her noble purpose of..."(Jacob 2:35.) the world."

762 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

I am happy that we have this reputation, a reputation of setting before our young people the proper example. I feel confident that we

are in the same position as the man who stood at the crossroads, and our young people are in the same position as the two boys who stood at the crossroads. You remember the

poem:

He stood at the crossroads all alone

The sunlight in his face.

He had no thought for the world unknown.

He was set for a manly race.

But the roads stretched east and the roads stretched west And the lad knew not which road was best, So he chose the road that led him down, And he lost the race and the victor's Ttfs&y crown.

He was caught at last in an angry What an opportune time to start your plan of saving snare

Because no one stood at the crossregularly/ Whether your special goal is to send your son on roads there a mission... to prepare for your retirement years... or to

To show him the better road. establish that important reserve of cash... you'll appreciAnother day in this selfsame place ate AMERICAN'S high earnings with savings insured to

A boy with high hopes stood. $10,000 by the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance

He too was set for a manly race Corporation. Stop in or write the office nearest you!He too was seeking the things that

good. were IT—SAVE THE AMERICAN WAYBut one was there who the roads SET YOUR GOAL AND GET

did know And that one showed him the road to go.

So he turned from the road that would lead him down And he won the race and the victor's & LOAN ASSOCIATION crown. HOME OFFICE: 63 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah 841 11

He walks today the highway fair GRANGERSUGAR HOUSEOFFICE:OFFICE:35552186Market,HighlandSalt LakeDr., City,Salt LakeUtah City,841 19Utah 84106

Because one stood at the crossroads there HAWAII DIVISIONAL OFFICE: 91 5 Fort St., Honolulu, Hawaii,

Hawaii Box 3859, 96812To show him the better way.

OFFICE: KAIMUKI 1 142 - 12th Avenue, Honolulu, Hawaii 96816

HILO OFFICE: 120 Waianuenue Avenue, Hilo, Hawaii 96819

Oh, leaders of youth, will you KALIHI OFFICE: 1851 North King St., Honolulu, Hawaii 96720

choose the Lord's way?

Youth, parents of youth, and leaders of youth, I pray with all my Year after year—over 34—Conference Visitors by the score

shall thatheart remember that we have complimented is the great in of soulsthe worth sight of God.

This is the answer to your ques- *DI5TINCW* tion, King David, "What is man that thou art mindful of him?"Weare the sons, and we are the daugh- b(Tt6KjtoV<6 vceuucm

ters of God our Eternal Father. And

today I pray that our thoughts, our The Industry's Supreme Achievement actions, our very lives, might reflect this sacred knowledge, and I ask Again this October, gratify that wistful yearning and return for a visit to this prayer in the name of Jesus 'America's Finest Ice Cream StoreaChrist of Nazareth. Amen.

Open until at 850 East 21st South Closed

Midnight SALT LAKE CITY Sundays

SEPTEMBER 1964 763

When Parent and Child 7. Your child has the right to maturity, the strength, and the foreDisagree make some mistakes, to learn from sight to compromise. Sometimes a

experience, and to exercise a large child, due to feelings of frustration, ( Continued from page 740 measure of selfdetermination. If inadequacy, and insecurity, may

your child does not arrive at conbe inflexible. Your support and

clusions which you believe are encouragement—rather than your

attempt to complete high school. adequate, it may be wise to allow condemnation, hostility, and rejecNot every case of parentchild dishim to experiment and to choose a tion—may be of great value in

agreement is settled so successfully. course which is not entirely to your assisting your child to learn from his

Sometimes a child drops out of liking. Remember that in some inexperiences and to use better judgschool, leaves home, gets married stances only the parent has the ment in the future.

too early, or buys a car when it is unwise to do so. It is in these partially successful cases that the parents'support is needed most.

Conclusions

one There method is no which > THE will successful guarantee SPOKEN FREEDOMAND THE CONQUEST outcome a awhen parent and child disagree. WORD OF SELF

Sometimes parents are able to gain improved insight and understanding from talking over the situation with one another, or with neighbors or friends, or with a professional counselor. Getting the facts in the open,

examining them, and considering RICHARD L. EVANS

alternatives, is nearly always helplast week of some foundations of freedom, with some hisful. I also suggest that you give We spoke

consideration to the following: torical citations. We should like today to recall some of those sentences

1. Learn to listen and to underand to add others on a more personal side of this subject. This from

stand how your child feels about the Thomas O'Shaughnessy: "No man can be free until he conquers himself.

liberty; for slavery consists liberty following think they in mistake Many issituation. that his plan Assume

. their desires, of passions license or mistaking.. [but] the of passion mere until otherwise. provedgood He

... appetite for liberty sensual stern in binds [them] a bondage. The justified decision. in his bemay

... The only road 2. Don't attempt to change the price of freedom is mastery over passion and ignorance.

... Man can control nature only whileideas of your child by the delivery to liberty is through obedience;

... and theof an emotional lecture. If you behe obeys God's laws [and] must master the forces within

... first individual without. obtain victory over Every must hostile, dictatorial, unforconditions andcome

..."x is of self for selfishness the all slavery. cause speaking In of whatgiving, rebellion motivate you. may

and force an immediate decision he called the "unquenchable desire"for freedom, Dr. Lyman Abbott said:

... duty to become all he can become....which your child may feel obligated "Every man has a right and

to carry through. The right to be ourselves... is not only inalienable, it is indestructible....

3. Accept your child "as he is"The right of every man to develop to the utmost his own abilities to reach

and "where he is."Do not assume the highest life possible for him is an absolute right; it is more—it is a

... desire is not always a reasonable or righteous desire."2that he has the maturity and good sacred duty. But

judgment you believe would be ideal It has inspired some to greatness and has incited some to waste their lives, for a child with his capabilities and their opportunities, their selfrespect. "There is no liberty in wrongdoing,"

"It effect follows surely as chains as its victim Cook. said Joseph and fettersopportunities. Be realistic and prac-

..."3 earlier better, cause. the the the younger and and old—and Youngtical in your evaluation.

4. Your responsibility is to make the better—need to know that controlled and righteous desire can lead to

plans with your child, rather than great accomplishment. Uncontrolled and unrighteous desire can lead to

for him. waste of life, waste of time, of strength and substance, and to sorrow. And

5. If your child does not readily any person who permits habits to dominate his life, especially enslaving

see that your suggestions are aphabits, bad habits, appetites and negative habits, has to that degree forpropriate, help him to think through feited his freedom. Anyone who hasn't conquered passions or selfishness

his problem and to make his or slothfulness has to that extent lost his ability. The greatest conquest is

own decisions. the conquest of self. The greatest assurance of liberty is obedience to

6. Recognize and make allowances law. Freedom without selfcontrol is a frightening freedom. "No man

for your own feelings, attitudes, can be free until he conquers himself."1

and prejudices. Be sure that the

activities you prescribe for your 2Dr.xThomasLymanO'Shaughnessy,Abbott, "The"LibertyUnquenchableand Freedom,"Desire,"OverlandThe Outlook,Monthly,SeptemberSeptember7, 1921.1918.

child are for his benefit and not 3Joseph Cook (18381901), American lecturer.

primarily to make your own life "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia more comfortable. Broadcasting System, July 12, 1964. Copyright 1964.

764 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the For Priesthood Course xgaeggmsS&MKM ORGANIZE AND SIMPLIFY For the School Sunday Course,,

For the Relief Societygp|g|EE,i: YOUR RESEARCH

SI, Stefs, For the M.I.A. Course

For private "Lone Wolf"resear.ch JIWTHE GENEALOGICAL

ik on"*: RESEARCH WORK BOOK

Partial list of content* The Genealogical Research Work Book has bee prepared as a (enlarged edition) standard izea and simplified methocfeaf '-research in the Church.

Six steps to follow for simplified Developed with"the cooperj|}|on of $m<Sr of our best authorities research. orderly and OfSt irtlfois'iipst important Research Book leaders nd Work wckf's to where SOURCES—go for infor.puanj(jOK"directions of motion. pages 10 the of ujjdjrj&dVof has been members usecf"by many, now many lists of sources.

Lists sources of Research Check you Church who are—to say thie least—'"most enthusiastic with the

off search check you as can and search. tremendous help thel Work Book givesJtffemF

Research Organizers to help you plan your work and save time. "Oh, if only I could haveiNad this before—how much time

Research ferral Service Survey—andinstructionsPedigree fromRe- I would have saved,! and how\ much eoMer'Whe wirk would have

the Society. Genealogical

Pedigree Sheets been!"This is a novvfamiliarWespioTiseiTidnas come from all Chart Work

Sheets Research Work (family over the Church.

sheet of group). Basic Work Book.

Life, help to of Events Main My edition): {enlarged Prices for Genealogical Research Book "'1 Work

life story. begin your you

.: for postage).. 12.66 (odd for 1-ringrJriTJder set, punched. Complete 10% in Events of Lives the Main My

(prong) binder for postage) Pressboard $2.50 in genuine (add Bound 10% Parents.

Main Events in the Lives of My Bound in stiff back, durable canvas 3-ring binder $3.00 (add 10% for postage)

(ancestors.).

more. pay postage on orders for $25.00 or DISCOUNT: GROUP We

File envelopes for temporary too. forms, for free price list. Ask Remembrance encloWe have Book of etc. pictures, sures of documents,

And more.

LDS AIDS P. O. Box 1 Smithfield, Utah

Available also at Deseret Book Co. and other LDS Book Dealers

SEPTEMBER 1964 765 for half records a day. Swindell's Then he informed descendants, weMy Genealogical Mission

south son, a little went to Troy, town just Harley that Ozias us had a (Continued from page 745) Swindell, living in Doyle. We drove of Edwardsville.

to Doyle where we met Mr. SwinAlthough my children had caught

We first went to the county courtdell, a carpenter, reshingling a roof. red measles and I knew that I must

house and searched the probate When we met, I could have cried hurry home, a greater force told me records for Ozias D. Swindell, but for joy, for truly my prayers had that I must go to Troy, the place

found nothing. By this time we been answered. Mr. Swindell took where my third and fourth greatwere getting smart. In the South the day off to have us visit with grandparents had lived. When I arthe county courthouse is the meeting others interested in the Swindell rived I didn't know a soul. Each

place for the elderly, retired men, line and copy their family Bible place we turned, we ran against a where they gather to "shoot the records. stone wall. I don't believe I ever

breeze,"play checkers, or sit and On my return home, I stopped in prayed so hard in my life as I did whittle and pass the time of day. Alton, Illinois, to visit with family that day. The Lord came to my aid.

So we asked the county clerk who friends, the Ernest Springers. We Through a roundabout way I was

the oldest man by the name of spent one day visiting Nauvoo and led to the house where Clarence

Swindell was. She went outside and other points of interest. The next Anderson, a third cousin I did not

brought in Mr. Pleasant Swindell. day we went to Edwardsville where know, lived. During our conversaWhen I asked him about Ozias D. I worked in the county courthouse tion I kept mentioning the name of

the Wood cemetery. Mr. Anderson

knew about that cemetery, because when he was young he had gone there with his parents when his grandmother, Elizabeth (Van

I THE SPOKEN MORALS AND MANNERS Hooser) Anderson, was buried. We

WORD a drove to the cemetery which was located on a farm—another family

RICHARD L. EVANS cemetery—in an outof-theway place.

Although the cemetery was fenced sides, cattle off three been had on of morals and is question the life there always of living dayto-day theIn it, knocking grazing through down said Lawrence morals,"guides our for ourselves respect have "Tomanners.

1 it condiin sad tombstones, was and manners."Manour others governs for deference to aSterne, have "and

I the to started tion. copy When basic some upon depend both reflect morals and in measureners some

real- I inscriptions, soon tombstone is likely to a be there for morals, disregard morals, of lackconcepts. With

this the cemetery that ized was in centers selfrespect what person's of Part a of manners.letting down

all ancestors Hooser where Van my believes he are, whether others and is, believes he believes what and hehe

I that at arrived buried. were Once difference. could eternal much make man, or is an mechanism, a merehe

it the I where cemetery, was knew to lead would Father Eternal to an relationship real of a awarenessAn to go. Lord wanted me manners. itself morals and in reflect respect would andreverence and trying to time long a spent We ones would loved with relationship everlasting real of a awareness andAn tombstones -weathered the decipher family the blest the home, manners. itself in reflect morals andalso How

still together piecing stood, that is so not "Life courtesy. kindness, respect, gentleness, there arewhere

2 information get to the stones broken courtesy."for is enough time there always that short,""but said Emerson,

prying tombthem, up and from forever gone is years, then brief life and for that a few thinks person whoA in the half buried that stones were one who others—than less respect himself—or likely forgotten wouldand pried up time each ground. we And that everlasting, what are is ones loved that everlasting, life thatknows there tombstones, was of those one respects really eternity. Also into he who us take shall with are wewe joy name. Hooser The another Van his impair of that would which to likely less partake behimself would

I while received that happiness and conscience, his disquiet that likely less would which do functioning,physical is indescribable. in cemetery that others. or to himself who apologize to He for ought he which thator tombstones those longer much How his over take habits enslaving let degrading, not himself would respects conditheir present in will remain deference respect and have himself respects would really life. he who And I I tion but not know, do know do us to relationship made him all who the same for also; have others for we long preserved the that them Lord importance of "are Burke, more said "Manners,"Edmund his image.in own their to for copy enough me

... Manners depend. the laws measure, great in them, a laws.than Upon information. or barbarize debase, exalt or purify, or soothe, corrupt or vex are what

I I to go next place had knew The of like that operation, insensible uniform, steady, constant, us, arefine by returning was before home to 3 all thy with thy the shalt Lord love in."God air "Thou breathe the we I the that Missouri. knew Bethany, of mankind, Savior said the thyself,"4 as neighbour thy heart, and... settled there family had Hooser Van also. self, others of of and respect God, meanswhich I quite couldn't date, but early at an

ILawrence Sterne (171368), English clergy. realize the urgency in my going.

in Colum2Emerson. Lamb cousin Jay met my

Burke,3Edmund there from Missouri, Letters on a Regicide Peace, i, 1797. bia, and we 39. *Matt. 22:37,

to Bethany. presented Square, over KSL and the Columbia drove Temple from Spoken Word""The In Bethany we went to the county 1964. Copyright 1964. 28, System, June Broadcasting

766 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Help your clerk's office. The only records in

that office of genealogical value tous were birth records. While I organization

copied the Van Hooser names from those registers, something kept saying to me, "Go into another room. get valuable equipment

Don't waste your time here."

When I had copied those records,we went into the room where the without cash through marriage and deed records were kept. As I tried to copy the Van

the marriagesHooser from records, the Green Stamp Jn feeling insistent recurred—this same

"Go to another room. Don't waste

your time here."Now, as valuableas marriage records are, I couldn't GROUP SAVINGS PLAN

understand this inner urge to quit The S&H Group Savings Plan offers a way to serve church, hospital, working in these records. But finally school, college or other nonprofit organizations without cash.

I couldn't concentrate on the marThrough this plan your group can obtain valuable, needed items riages, and told Jay that I was going just by saving and pooling S&H Green Stamps into one common fund.

into the probate office. Your group can "purchase almost anything to suit your needs..."

While working on the Van Hooser For more information please fill out coupon below.

probates, I ran across the probate Do it now..

record of Lydia Van Hooser. Reading through her records, I found

her to be my Lydia Van Hooser who had lived previously in Troy, Illinois. I knew this branch of the

Van Hooser family had left Troy by 1860, when the census was taken, but I didn't know where they had gone.

Now I knew. Since Lydia Van

Hooser never married, she had left her property to sisters, nieces, and nephews. This is why I had to go to

Bethany—to find this will and all

other papers pertaining to the distriTHE SPERRY AND HUTCHINSON COMPANY bution of Lydia's estate. Once I 1174 East 21st South ask for

knew this was where the Van Hooser Salt Lake City, Utah 4868931 details,

I searcheddescendants had moved, call or other Please send me information about S&H Green Stamps GROUP regardingthe probate records surnames of interest to me, and SAVINGS. write

inof genealogical a wealthfound Name TODAY most of theformation. I worked

day in the probate office. When Address,

I felt as though I had covered the records there, I returned to the City room where the marriages were kept. I was then able to concenOrganization.

trate on the marriages and found a great many more pertaining to those mentioned in Lydia Van Hooser's will than I would ever have found or identified before.

The Lord was with me throughout my trip, though at times I felt his guiding hand more strongly than at other times. My trip was truly

a testimony to me that genealogy is the Lord's work and that if we do all we can in behalf of bur ancestors and still need more help, the aid of A NEW DIMENSION OF CONVENIENCE the Lord is always nearby. What LOCATED IN THE CENTER OF SALT LAKE CITY

we must do is kneel in prayer with 330 ATTRACTIVE ROOMS MAIN STREET AT FIFTH SOUTHfaith and ask for divine aid.

fojVSUfL NEW AMERICA MOTEL

SEPTEMBER 1964 767 Fayette's Foster Families ing knowledge of the English lanBowns own a dairy farm on the outguage. It was felt that he was skirts of Fayette. Wally's job was

(Continued from, page 743) physically,able to makemorally,the greatestand emotionallyuse of the toto feeduse thethe moderncows, butmilkinghe hasmachine.learned

program. Miles Jensen, who was This is quite a contrast from his

the social worker in that area, was previous primitive ways.

many hours fixing feathers, hoops, contacted. Mr. Jensen interviewed "We enjoy Wally,"says Bishop

and bells for Indian dances and perWallace's teacher, the missionaries, Bown. "Having an Indian in our

forming these native dances at school his parents, and Wallace, and found home was a wonderful experience assemblies, church functions, and him acceptable to the program. This for all of us."

community activities. procedure is typical. Miles Jensen Whenever Grandmother Bown

Most of the children who particiis only one of eight church social enters the room, the three Bown pate in the Indian Student Program workers with Clarence Bishop superboys call, "Hi, Grandma!"and Wally

are Navajos, but there are some vising the program. Each social joins in the greeting.

Hopis, Apaches, Zunis, Haulapai, worker is in charge of about "It thrills me to have Wally call and a scattering of twentythree seventy children. me 'Grandma,"the elder Mrs.

other tribes. The children enjoy Wallace, or Wally as he is afBown confides.

their ninemonth home with their fectionately called, prepared to leave A feeling of mutual love and re- "other"families in Utah and Arizona. his tribe. His parents provided as spect abounds in the Fayette homes.

Each summer they return to the many of his school clothes as they It is evident in the proud manner reservation alive with stories of their could afford, and his new parents, the Bown family speaks of Wally's school year. Their enthusiasm mushBishop Cecil and Lorna Bown, supartwork hanging on the walls of

rooms, and each year more children plied the rest. Each family, when it Gunnison High. It shows in the

want to go to the "white man's"agrees to take an Indian child, exvoice of Celia Bartholomew as she school. pects to pay for food, clothes, relates an incident in Charlotte's

Last year Wallace Chatto decided shelter, and minor medical expenses. life: "The children wondered why

he wanted to join the Church Indian This generally averages from three we didn't adopt Charlotte, and when

Student Program, and he applied. to four hundred dollars a year. they asked her, the Indian girl reHis application indicated that WalFourteen-yearold Wally had been plied proudly, T have two sets of

lace was a baptized LDS member with the Bowns for only a few parents who love me."

with good grades, was seldom months until he was like a brother Robert Jackson feels love toward absent from school, and had a workto the three younger Bown boys. The "Ma"Lyman and has borne his testimony of his love for his "other"

home. Stained natural wood kitchen

cabinets made by Robert are a token of his affection. Robert's real mother

writes regularly to the Lyman family, thanking them for the training they have given her son. Mrs. Jackson, a silversmith, has a second or

third grade education and can both read and write. English is spoken

often in her home. She feels kindly

toward the Lyman family and has sent many gifts of handmade sterling silver and turquoise earrings, tie clasps, and watch bands of her own design. Four years ago she invited

of acted ceremonies as master Bahe Billie Glen and Lillian Lyman, with party during Christmas held in Nephi, Utah

Robert, to her hogan for Thanksgiving dinner. "That was the best

turkey I've ever eaten,"Mrs. Lyman

said afterward. "We had a regular

Thanksgiving dinner with cranberries, dressing, and pumpkin pie."

The hogan, she reported to her family afterward, had a dirt floor, but the floor had been tamped so hard that it could be swept with a broom and was as shiny as glass. The

"visitor"china was wrapped in clean white cloths and packed in a wooden barrel.

Bahe and Charles Billie admire new bicycle Charles Billie played piano on many Indian In the home of Guy and Fern given Charles. programs. Mellor this same feeling of love is

768 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA shown toward their foster son Jerry was an outstanding member of the eroded cliffs in northeastern Arizona,

Kee. Jerry has been with them Future Farmers of America, and his southeastern Utah, and northwestern

eleven years. Many pictures of scrapbook shows many pages of New Mexico stand like phantoms

Jerry grace the piano along with ribbons he won for his sheep. Ray daring the brave to trespass the vast

snapshots of his twin brothers who Bartholomew purchased five head of arid lands. More than 90,000 Inare foster children in the Carl pure Hampshire sheep. With these dians overpopulate the area. Many,

Mellor home in Pleasant Grove, sheep Bahe won the Grand Chamlike Bahe's parents, are sheepherders

Utah. Guy ruffles Jerry's shiny pion prize and FFA grooming prize. in an overgrazed land. Bahe's parblack hair affectionately, and Fern, When Bahe had been with the ents have two hogans ten miles

who makes the best aprons in Utah Bartholomews four years and was apart. When there is no more graz-

(it says so on a sign outside the finishing high school, he approached ing in one location, they move to door) comments, "Jerry is just like a Ray with the request that they take their alternate hogan, taking their son to us."Jerry is skilled in taxihis younger brother, Charles. The flocks to graze the fresher land. The

dermy, and Guy urges him to show love and respect he felt for his foster young boys tend the flocks, and the his stuffed wild ducks. Last summer parents prompted this request, and girls weave rugs. Water has to be

Jerry dug ditches and earned his Ray confided, with tears in his eyes, hauled four to five miles.

own 12gauge shotgun. Fayette has that this request made him very Many leaders of the Navajo Tribal

good hunting grounds nearby, and proud. Charles Billie moved into Council believe that the land can

he enjoys hunting wild geese and the Bartholomew home in the fall support its people. They give scholducks. His leather wallets and coin and spent the next eight school arships to those of their people who

purses are beautifully tooled, alyears with them. Martha proudly complete high school and qualify to

though Jerry says he has received framed his desert landscape paintenter college. They must be above

no instructions. His paintings are ings, and they hang on the front the 39th percentile of their class to

also displayed at school. Although room walls. A lovely natural wood qualify. Bahe has received one of

Jerry is modest about his art, Guy desk Charles made for his "other"these scholarships. Although the

and Fern act like typical parents parents is symbolic of the love and LDS membership is a small percent in urging him to exhibit his acappreciation he feels toward his of the Indian population, it is part complishments. foster home. of the Fayette dream that the LDS

The feeling of love is on every The Navajo Indian Reservation is Lamanite youth will become leaders page of Bahe's scrapbook that the nation's largest, consisting of of the Navajo people. The training

Martha Bartholomew keeps and more than 20,000 square miles of the young people receive from their shows to interested visitors. Bahe colorful but hot desert land. Jagged, LDS foster homes throughout the

SEPTEMBER 1964 709 EXTERIOR Latex Paint! Church prepares them as leaders. Are there no problems with InBecause of the education and traindian children?

ing they are receiving, the LDS "Of course,"says Fern Mellor.

Indians are beginning to raise their "But we had the same problems standards. Many are moving into when we raised our own children."

lumber homes. Martha Bartholomew agrees, and

How do the Indians adjust to the adds, "Whenever I got exasperated, public schools in white communiRay would remind me that it's a long ties? Wallace Chatto had been in way back to the reservation."

eighth grade for less than one year. A visitor once asked Martha if

When Miles Jensen checked Wally's she trusted Bahe and Charles Billie.

grades, he found a "B"average. "I trust them with everything in my

This is excellent, considering the home,"Martha exploded. "We lock

goes on faster transition in school and environment up nothing."

Wally has had to make. Lorna When Robert Jackson was fifteen

Bown says, "Our own boys have to years old, he decided he was going toe the mark to keep up with our to learn to be a professional wrestler.

Indians."Jerry Kee is keeping up The family and Miles Jensen talked,

his grades so he can study elecpersuaded, and finally convinced tronics. Wilbert Willy was graduRobert to finish his education.

ated from Gunnison High and then Robert has thanked them many times continued at Snow College and for keeping him in school. He reBrigham Young University. Bahe turned from the Southwest Indian

Billie received two scholarships, one Mission in July, 1963.

from the Navajo Tribal Council, and The Indian youth are active memthe second, Standard Oil Company's bers of the Fayette Ward. Bishop

dries in minutes top scholarship. Fayette has five Bown says, "We need our Lamanite

Indian high school graduates with brothers to carry out priesthood and more on the way. church duties."The boys have been

The white students accept the Inpresidents, counselors, and secredians into their groups. Charles Biltaries in all Aaronic Priesthood

lie was elected president of his positions. Every one of the young

sophomore class. Wallace Chatto people has qualified for his achievewas elected secretary of his sophoment award, and most are 100 permore class. Jerry Kee plays the centers. They have all participated

trombone in an eightman dance in roadshows, plays, musical groups, band. Both Charles and Bahe were and other ward functions. The

members of the school track team. scouting program is successful in

Robert Jackson was on the baseball Fayette Ward. Ronnie Peterman,

lives with Darlene to and cut Dean hair who how He learned clean up with water! team. here his of has school Bartholomew, a year been and practised on many

Bennett's friends. and is a Star Scout. Wallace Chatto

ACRYLIC LATEX HOUSE PAINT Yours in 1,322 Colorizer colors, at Bennett's paint stores and AUTUMN dealers throughout the intermountain area. (See yellow pgs.) BY LINNIE F. ROBINSON

Bennett's 65 W. IS. -Salt Lake City

There is a way fall comes into the heart

Letting it know the wintertime is near,

No surging upward from the root, that part

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple Is done—no churning water now, but clear,

sore throat and other minor mouth Cool, scarcely moving stream—somehow each one

and throat irritations. Is tuned to hear the call beyond the sky,

Tears out the plan that this day should be done lays his pen aside with one last sigh. HALL'S REMEDY And

Salt Lake City. Utah

(j-oaoHis loved ones plead and cling, but sleep comes in

And steals across his pulse; his eyelids close;

ALLGRAIN FLOUR MILLS The hands relax their hold; and fingers, thin,

BEST MILL MADE for Are folded on the breast, this is repose;

floors, stoneground cereals. This is mans autumn and his winter sleepGod notes the harvest, and the spring will keep. Home. All.. size*.Community.....

Industry ALLGRAIN ENGINEERING CO. - Box 7722,

Phoenix, Aril. 85011

770 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA is also a Star Scout. James Silversmith is the pride of his Scout troop.

He has been in Fayette two years STOP!with Lloyd and Florence Bartholomew and is now a Life Scout. James

hopes to be one of the first Navajo

Indians to be an Eagle Scout.

The Fayette people are proud of their Lamanite missionaries. The

community presently has one missionary, Charles Billie, in the

Southwest Indian Mission. Wilbert

Willie and Robert Jackson have reSTOP doing all those unturned from missions. Wally Chatto necessary household duties.

has caught the Fayette dream and Read "Hints From Heloise"wants to return to his people on daily and Sunday in The Salt a mission.

Wilbert Willie was one of the top m Lake Tribune and cut your missionaries of the Indian mission. work in half.

When he first went into the field, Cleaning, washing, waxing, he told the members that it wouldn't meals... they're all made

be long before the Lamanites would easier, thanks to Heloise his misBefore two by two.come Cruse. And she passes all the Indian over, an he receivedsion was

elder as a companion. The members hints on to you in

marveled that his prediction came true. Since Wilbert's return from

his mission, he has married an "educated-inthe-program"Indian girl in the Salt Lake Temple.

When Robert Jackson first returned to his people, they laughed Jiit ak*at his speech. He had forgotten his Wm

Navajo tongue. Before long he had

relearned his language and was COMING TO SALT LAKE?

missionaries. it to the whiteteaching

of Fayette MAKE people the "I believe and their foster children have caught SE RANCHO MOTOR the vision of the program,"says HOTELMiles Jensen. "Whether they are m,*%$# YOUR HEADQUARTERS

a patrolman on the reservation like THIS CONFERENCE TIME!

like CharBegay; a housewifeRobert

...... everything downtown, So close to FEATURES ROOM like EVERY missionaries Martinez;lotte travel business, endepots, industry, hifi music recorded * Private phone,

Charles Billie, Wilbert Willie, or * New radio and TV with power antenna tertainment, and hospitals. Make clean

your Rancho Se home wholesome * school hour switchboard message and 24 and or attending Jackson;Robert

... this time and from home away service SilverPeterman,like James Ronnie... in Salt you're Lake time every * offstreet parking Ample

... all services or of superb best Chatto, and Jerry Kee,smith, Wallace * 4V2 TEMPLE JUST BLOCKS FROM

Bahe Billie, they are fulfilling the SQUARE... at low, low rates.

their peoof helpingFayette dream SALT LAKE the SE RANCHO MOTOR HOTEL No.640 TempleWest Indians meet Fayetteple. The

challenge of leadership and are good examples of LDS youth."

of is about Bahe The dream collegefulfilled. to be A GREAT CHURCH LIBRARY has completed He

at the Utah State University and can be assembled by "binding"regularly your copies of in degree Master'searned his soil THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of Arithe University atchemistry conveniently can They inexpensively receive be and as you "bound"complete at Tucson.zona He will

Era binder. in an them Impovement industhis year.his doctorate Top

Beautifully strongly constructed Fabrired and heavy with handsome tries have tried to hire Bahe, but he coid cover. Stamped in gold and large enough to hold 12 issues of

refuses. He has prepared himself more than 1,000 pages, plus an index.

to compete in a competitive world, Order now from but now Bahe says, "I'm going back Price is only $2.50 The Improvement Era

to my people. They need me."and a 1963 index is included

FREEI Such a binder is a MUST for every ward library and most desirable for every home. 135 So. State St., Salt Lake City 11, Utah

SEPTEMBER 1964 771 inrrr p P \ds VJU 1 EJt

772 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

4. He then begins personal research for his progenitors, making out family group sheets as rapidly

as he can confirm names, dates, and places.

5. Upon the completion of each family group sheet,

he delivers it to the high priests group leader for approval before being sent to the Genealogical Society for preparation for temple ordinance work.

6. He does as much of the temple work as he is

able for those thus discovered and processed.

There are some members of the Church who know all of the above steps and are adept in the process.

These need no help. But there are hundreds of

t is a privilege to sit in a class and be taught the thousands who do not now how to begin or, having doctrine of eternal life with scriptural references begun, do not know how to take the second step.

J to back up the explanation. We thus become For these a plan is provided to teach the essentials.

converted to the truths of eternal life and resolve At each Mutual Improvement Association meeting to keep the commandments which make such a experts will set up a "workshop"type class for those glorious fulfilment possible. seeking information or needing to be taught. Here

Through such class participation we learn that our each student will "do"the necessary steps—doing

ancestors are eligible for the same goal. But the while learning under the eyes of expert counselors.

necessary temporal ordinances they cannot do, so they The beginning student will start making his pedigree turn to us with hope that we will perform these chart and will be shown how to look for information ordinances in their behalf. when his present store of information runs out. The

The orderly processes of this work require that maker of the group sheets will be helped to make certain definite steps be taken if one is to succeed them acceptable in quality and will be guided into in performance of the ordinance work for his ancestors. the technicalities of research. When he has learned

1. He must learn how, first, and then construct enough, he may research and work on his own, return-

a pedigree chart for himself, taking it back as far ing to the workshop counselor when he runs into a and as accurately as he can. problem too complicated for him to solve.

2. He must learn how to complete a family group The workshop is for work, the end result being

sheet with accuracy. completed group sheets ready for temple ordi-

3. He must then ascertain how much work has nance work.

been done by others on the family group sheets and Since there is no way to judge the "percentage of conversely what has not been done. attendance,"the success of the class will not be

measured it will Rather by the number who attend.

-,—ZzTZZZ,—""- HttMNM TT in the satisfaction measured be H—gained TEFLI OtDINANCf DATA by members Piii 1

HUMAND m rim iil< the in through help who, rs..,-;-,*"gained this workshop, can

r Plftrt Mnm* and addr*H fll wrm-. lul'iv Tp—Sll to HvbOMl take family group sheets through the process until

...... Mortwrt tatwr

they are deposited in the temple for the proxy work -..,.,. 1ET H- i.lih r.--.M-.-!5r—.-.-..c-irv,——,-.:--, w T..—

to be performed.

This workshop is one in which the real success

It attained is possible through the work of individuals as they take the various steps necessary to complete li 10 a family group sheet for each family of ancestors.

II i ISII That is the responsibility of each family in the

1. Church. The workshop at MIA stands ready to assist

.m-m..i*,m* this effort. 13—WW.-*.—.!. -—,—. -.- 1. M -—* *—- r ''-"*—*—-—""in

PRESIDING g 8& HHfP B 8H0PRICS m M m

BY JAMES C. FLETCHER

PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH AGE & YOUTH Hip J@) <9W (QM) Youth, hearken to the wisdom of age; Age, assimilate

How often have we heard expressions similar to this, tuitively from his own experience. It is well known

and how often have we wondered what they really that accomplishments in sports and in science occur mean and if they are not to some extent contraat very early ages, declining rapidly thereafter; in

dictory? May I share my views of the meaning professional fields such as politics and religion,

of such expressions? accomplishments continue to be made quite frequently

Consider first the problem of intellect. We do not until the time of death. The differences between

really know what "intellect"is, but it is possible to these curves and the one in figure one have to do measure by means of intelligence tests a characteristic with training and education. These factors we will

which is frequently referred to as either intelligence, call wisdom. The answer, then, to our apparent

IQ, or mental age. Roughly speaking, this approach dilemma is that intellect plus wisdom leads to

can be described as a measurement of our ability to accomplishment.

grasp new concepts. In one, above figure, I have Intellect often can produce innovation and evolve

plotted the wellknown curve of intellect or "mental new concepts, but this must be tempered by wisdom age"in relation to chronological age. Of course, this if it is to lead to greater accomplishment. Since

intellect is inborn in all people, both civilized and figure represents only the average for a large number of people, but the surprising thing is that, although aboriginal, wisdom must come in other ways. The greater the accomplishment, the greater must be the

mental age increases with chronological age in direct wisdom that produces this accomplishment. In genproportion, it reaches a maximum at age seventeen

eral, the older the person, the greater is the potential and then slowly declines. The natural question which wisdom to be derived from that person until some

arises is, "Why, then, are not all major accomplishmaximum age is reached, which differs according to ments made at the age of seventeen or thereabouts and, the field of endeavor. In our country and in our

as a result, why is not youth supreme in all things?"Church, we have the wisdom of the ages in the form

One answer, though perhaps not a direct one, is of written material, and we have the current wisdom that a test of even the most primitive aborigines of our elders through guidance and counsel.

yields the same curve. The difference, then, between How, then, can we use this combination of wisdom

intellect and accomplishment must be based on factors and intellect to make the major decisions of our lives?

which our civilization has and which the aborigines First, obtain as much education and training as do not have; these must be training and education. possible throughout one's life and at as early an age

Consider the hypothetical curves in figure two as possible. Since most of our important decisions

which are a measure of accomplishment plotted are made between the ages of eighteen and twentyagainst chronological age. Indeed, no one to my four ( career, church, marriage, etc. ), it is wise to use

knowledge has plotted such curves scientifically, the wisdom of others as we make these crucial debut nevertheless one can try to construct them incisions. Life would be much simpler, of course, if

774 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Dr. James Chipman Fletcher became president of the University of Utah 1 1

Prior research to this, July 1, 1964. on prominent space he was in US

in the organizing instrumental technology. SpaceGeneral LIz < and was He

Corporation of El Monte, California, and served as its board chairman, as

h- well for Corporation. AerojetGeneral parent the / as a vicepresident company,

UJu // in activities probes, SpaceGeneral's the fields of space were boosters, space instrumentation, vehicles, lunar research space and survivable communicaFIGURE 1 military control. for tions and command

directing Dr. Fletcher has been committees government on numerous

military technology America's program. space and assisting He is affilito 20CHRONOLOGICAL30 40 AGE 501 '60

ated with leading scientific societies and has written extensively on scientific subjects.

He studied at Brigham Young University, was graduated from Columbia RELIGION

University in 1940, and did graduate work at Harvard and Princeton universities. In 1948 he received his doctorate in physics and mathematics POLITICS

from the California Institute of Technology. While a graduate student, he

was a parttime instructor and researcher at Harvard, Princeton, and CIT.

President Fletcher ts'married to the former Fay Lee, and they have four children. He and his family have been active in the Church on both

the East and West coasts.

the innovations of youth.

20 30 40 SO CHRONOLOGICAL AGE the experience we acquire by the age of seventy believe it is because value judgments must be made could be used to make our decisions at the age of in these two fields, and it appears that we are in a eighteen. Unfortunately, we are not given this choice. better position to make these value judgments after

We should therefore rely on the experience of others some years of personal experience. Perhaps some

to a large extent. day we will better understand the reasons; but until

It has been shown statistically that success in marwe do, it seems wise, particularly in these two fields, riage and in a career is dependent on the degree of to hearken to the advice of our elders.

education at the time either of these decisions is made. Third, be quick to grasp new ideas and concepts.

This is probably true also for church activity as well, Even though many such ideas will fall by the wayside particularly if one includes missionary and semibecause they do not hold up under experience, the nary training. world progresses because of new ideas, and nearly

How can a young person obtain all this training always these ideas come from the young! Remember,

and education when so many other demands are however, for every good idea, there are hundreds of made on his time (mission, military service, etc.)? The bad ones, so we must not become discouraged when

answer is not a simple one, but nevertheless the more many new ideas are not usable. In science, for examone obtains a real education and in addition obtains ple, five or ten really good ideas per century have

the most possible learning from military service and been all that were required to keep the world going from a mission by absorbing the wisdom of others, at its present rapid pace. Remember, also, that good

the more likely he is to make wise decisions someideas do not come in a. vacuum; very few aborigines

what later in his youth. get good, new ideas. Only by being exposed to the

Second, be slow to discard old ideas, old principles, wisdom of others and by the challenges of changing and old values. Rather, weigh these against proposed world conditions can we exceed previous efforts and

new ideas and, unless the old are clearly incorrect, help the world progress.

absorb the new as improved versions of the old. If What about youth advising their elders? How can

this is impossible, suspend judgment until the new the young encourage the old to absorb new ideas have been tested by experience. Seldom, even in the and to cooperate with youth in helping the world

scientific world, are old ideas completely in error; to progress? This is the subject of another discusrather, they are wrong chiefly in some detailed sion, but may I reassure you that many of your

sense and merely require modification rather than elders are on your side. We realize all too well some

abandonment. of our limitations and envy your potential. Perhaps

Curiously enough, the working principles that some of us can help other adults to do the same, so change the least over a long period of time are those that generations may talk to each other meaningfully in which accomplishment occurs at a later age, i.e., and tolerantly, as in the spirit of Isaiah's words, "Come

religion and politics. This may be accidental, but I now, and let us reason together,..."(Isa. 1:18.)

SEPTEMBER 1964 775 yf":

Autumn ushers in a time of new beginnings; school

starts; living schedules are tumbled around; new rules

are set up; and the earth begins a changing process.

As nature slows down, human nature picks up. Sunny

days and cool nights are a tonic to young and old and all those in between. Even though mother nature

is becoming drowsy and gradually starting a hibernating process, a zing and an awakening lifts us mortals to new beginnings. This is a season of fresh

intentions, new thoughts of "I can do better,"almost challenging the prosaic New Year's resolutions.

Now is the time to tauten the strings of behavior.

It is so easy in summer to let things slip. Human

relations are more informal, meals are hit and miss, and so are manners. Appearances need a trimming '$-

and all in all a tightening of the reins is a must.

A little boy, just ready to trot off to school for the first time, turned to his mother and said, "I feel big,

I'm as tall as the sky, I can do anything."A beautiful

brisk fall day should do this to anyone. It should

make us feel big and capable and ready to take on any task.

What about the task of "keeping the Sabbath day holy"? Has there been a letdown here? Have mothers

allowed their children to change to Levi's after Sunday

School? A little old grandmother used to say, "John's "S---'- ten srSfifc—srv''%P&*

clothes will dictate his actions."Sunday should be

different—a day set apart, a day to rebuild our spirits.

A returned missionary, while talking at a fireside about the Sabbath, said, "Jesus is coming back to this earth, and none of us know when it will be. It might

be on a Sunday, and he isn't going to find me in a ski suit."All the young people at the gathering

realized that this young fellow was saying, "Sunday isn't a day for sports, as a participator or as an observer. It isn't a time for picnics, or parties, or shows."

Sunday is different from every other day of the week; let's live it differently.

As mothers, are you back on the old treadmill of cooking all Sunday morning and serving a huge

f

-, f<\is*'Mi&M*!., *.v-v. -r -':'—;.m

> 353S.v;(i*fe-.S'r*fZZz&&X '<S-

V*'?r <'??:**v>.''? fert-'SSifc fr -*-,'

fgfag g "<*r

dinner in midafternoon, then spending the rest of wedges topped with fruit sauce.

the day cleaning up? This is mistreating this day as

much as if you cut the lawn, gardened, washed the Corned Beef and Cabbage car, and did the weekly washing and ironing. The

Sabbath can be kept, and families can still enjoy 4 to 5 pounds corned beef gathering around the dinner table. It just takes Water to cover

organization and using Saturday for preparation. The 1 medium head cabbage cut into wedges

following menus have been worked out for autumn Chopped parsley enjoyment and also for mother to keep the Sabbath day holy. Place meat in kettle and cover with water. Cover

Saturday is the day to buy the food and prepare the tightly and simmer about 4 hours or until tender.

Sunday dinner. With thoughtful planning, a hot Allow 45 minutes a pound. Add cabbage wedges

delicious meal can be placed on the table with a 15 minutes before end of cooking time. Remove

minimum of preparation on Sunday. Try some of from liquid and sprinkle the cabbage with parsley.

the following fall menus. This amount should serve 8 people generously.

I. Corned Beef and Cabbage Stuffed Baked Potato Sesame Corn

Sesame Seed Corn Tomato Aspic 2 tablespoons butter

Vanilla Ice Cream Pie with Cherry Sauce 1 clove garlic, finely chopped 4 tablespoons sesame seeds On Saturday simmer the corned beef until it is 1 green pepper, finely chopped done. Place in the refrigerator in its liquid; 30 min- 1 can corn niblets

utes before serving Sunday, bring it to a boil, add the Vz teaspoon salt cabbage wedges, and continue simmering 15 minutes. Dash of pepper

The potatoes can be baked on Saturday, the potatoes Vi teaspoon basil removed from the skins, cream, butter, and seasonings 2 tablespoons chopped chives added and whipped and put back into shells. Let V4 cup grated Parmesan cheese

stand covered with plastic wrap in the refrigerator until 30 minutes before serving, then heat in a 350 deMelt the butter and saute the garlic, sesame seeds, gree F. oven. The sesame corn also can be prepared and green pepper until seeds are golden brown. Add

the day before, stored in the refrigerator, and heated the other ingredients with exception of the cheese.

before serving. Cook until the corn is thoroughly warmed. Garnish

I like to make my tomato aspic with lemon Jello with the cheese.

dissolved in hot tomato juice. Add peas, celery,

green pepper, and let set in molds in refrigerator overII. Pork Chops on Rice Zucchini

night; serve on crisp lettuce. The vanilla ice cream Raw Vegetable Tray

pie is made by baking a pie shell on Saturday. Let Golden Ring Salad

it cool, then fill with vanilla ice cream, cover with a Gingerbread Topped with Hot Applesauce plastic wrap, and store in freezer. Serve cut in (Continued on following page)

TODAY'S FAMILY / FLORENCE B. PINNOCK, EDITOR

SEPTEMBER 1964 777 Tightening the Reins III. Baked Ham 4 tablespoons water

Mixed Bean Casserole 3 tablespoons vinegar (Continued from preceding page) Orange Carrots 1 tablespoon brown sugar

Tossed Salad 1 teaspoon dry mustard

Fresh Peach Tarts % cup catsup

The pork chops can be browned Salt and pepper to taste and the rice cooked Saturday. Then Bake the ham Saturday. Refrigeradd the milk to the rice and pour ate and serve cold Sunday. The Cook the garlic and onion in the

into baking dish, place the browned bean casserole can be made ready butter until softened. Add to the

chops on top. Store in the refrigerfor the oven, stored in the refrigerbeans. Add the water, vinegar, catator. Sunday bake at 350 degrees ator, and baked Sunday. The sup, and other ingredients and mix.

F. for about 45 minutes or until the carrots can be pared and thinly Dot with butter and bake in a 350

chops are wellcooked. The zucchini sliced and placed in a plastic bag in degree F. oven for about one hour.

squash cooks in about 5 minutes. It the refrigerator. The next day add

is delicious simmered in a small a small amount of water, cover, and IV. Chicken au Gratin

amount of seasoned tomato juice. slip into the oven along with the Fresh String Beans with Pecans

The molded salad is made on Saturbean casserole. Try adding grated Basted in Butter

day and put in refrigerator to set orange rind and a little ginger to Corn on the Cob overnight. Bake a packaged gingerthe carrots while cooking. Serve Bing Cherry Mold

bread on Saturday and serve it Sunthem with parsley butter. For the Peppermint Ice Cream

day with hot applesauce over it salad prepare greens, zucchini, and topped with whipped cream. radishes, and green onions ahead of Make the chicken au gratin on Sattime and store in a plastic bag in the urday just ready to slip into the

minutes Sunday. oven for 30 The

salad the cherryPork Chops on Rice refrigeratordividual pastryto crisp.tarts theMakeday thebefore,inbing day is made

6 loin or rib pork chops cut 1 inch and on Sunday fill them with sweetbefore, stored in the refrigerator all thick ened sliced fresh peaches and top ready to serve in a minute Sunday.

1 tablespoon fat with whipped cream.

1 teaspoon salt xk teaspoon pepper Mixed Bean Casserole Chicken au Gratin 1 cup rice Vz cup raisins 1 large can baked beans (without 3 cups diced cooked chicken 3 cups water to which have been tomato sauce) 5 cups soft bread crumbs added 3 bouillon cubes 1 large can kidney beans, drained % cup melted butter

Dash of nutmeg 1 large can green lima beans, 1V2 cups grated cheddar cheese

IV2 cups milk drained 1 No. 2 can asparagus or 2 cups

3 tablespoons butter chopped broccoli

Brown the chops, seasoning with 1 clove minced garlic 4 cup minced onion salt and pepper. Add the rice to the 1 onion finely chopped 4 cups milk

water and bouillon cubes. Bring to

boil and stir, cover tightly, and simmer about 15 minutes or until rice is tender and water is absorbed.

Add nutmeg, raisins, and milk, and season to taste. Pour into a baking

dish. Place seasoned chops on rice

mixture. Cover tightly and bake at

350 degrees F. for 30 minutes. UnHARVEST

cover and continue baking about 15 minutes. BY ELIZABETH A. HUTCHISON

Golden Ring Salad Now that our lives have reached the harvest time,

With deep content we reap a golden yield, 1-6 ounce package orange gelatin As faith and trust have made a sunny clime

Vk cups boiling water For fruits of love to ripen in the field.

1 pint orange sherbet Affection has been deep and fertile loam 1 can mandarin oranges, drained For living green to flourish in and spread 1 cup finely chopped celery Its acres of delight around the home

In which we two have broken daily bread.

Dissolve the gelatin in the water. The tender love we nurtured in the spring,

Immediately add the sherbet and Grown strong in tempering joy of summer sun stir until melted. Add oranges and And grief of wintry snows, does truly bring

celery. Pour into a ring mold and To autumn hours a glorious benison.

chill until firm. Unmold on crisp In meadows of the mind each golden sheaf

greens. Fulfils the promise of love's shared belief.

778 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Preserve the Inspiration of Vz,*. cudCUP iXWUXflour

2 to 3 teaspoons salt Vz teaspoon pepper The Improvement Era

Mix the bread crumbs, cheese, and In Beautifully Bound Volumes % cup of the butter. Line a large casserole with half the crumbs. Arrange the asparagus on the crumbs. The Mountain West's finest bindery and

Brown the onion lightly in the printing house is prepared to bind your remaining butter. Blend in the flour collected Improvement Era's into fine

and add the milk and seasonings. hard cover volumes. Mail or bring the

Cook, stirring until thick. Add the editions you wish bound to the Deseret

chicken and pour over the asparagus. News Press.

Sprinkle the top with the remaining 12 issues in hard cover $3.90. Advance

bread crumbs. Bake at 350 degrees payment must accompany all orders

F. for about half an hour. Makes Please include postage if volumes are

8 servings. to be returned by mail.

V. South of the Border Pot Roast POSTAGE RATE FROM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Mashed Potatoes Zone 5 1.05

Spinach Topped with Sour Cream 1 & 2 65 6 1.20

Cole Slaw 3 75 7 1.40

Cantaloupe a la Mode 4 85 8 1.60

The pot roast can be prepared up to the point that the tomatoes and beans are added. Cover and store

in refrigerator. Sunday morning

bring it to a boil, simmer 15 minutes and serve. (See instructions

concerning adding of vegetables be1600 Empire Road—33 Richards Street

low.) Dehydrated mashed potatoes Salt Lake City, Utah

may be used and prepared in just a minute. The spinach also can be

cooked in a few minutes Sunday ifit has been washed well and stored IN YOUR HOME...

in a plastic bag in the refrigerator.Do not overcook—5 minutes should IN YOUR CHAPEL..

be long enough. Drain well, cut

through, top with seasoned sour cream. The cole slaw can be made

Saturday, chilled well, and put on the Sunday dinner table.

South of the Border Pot Roast

4 pound beef arm or blade pot roast 2 tablespoons fat 2 teaspoons salt Vi teaspoon pepper 1 teaspoon chili powder 1 large can tomatoes 1 large can kidney beans, drained

Brown the pot roast in the fat. Pour

off the drippings. Season with salt,

pepper, and chili powder. Drain PRATT & LAMBERTtomatoes, reserving liquid. Add tomato sauce liquid to pot roast. Cover

tightly and cook slowly about 3%hours or until tender. Add addiConnected CfiSwi

tional liquid if necessary. Add toCountless homes in the area and many of our most beautifully decomatoes and kidney beans and cook rated LDS Chapels are finished inside and out with the finest—Pratt

an additional 15 minutes. Remove & Lambert paints and varnishes.

vegetables.the meat and Thicken SALT LAKE GLASS & PAINT CO. for gravy. 8 servings.the liquid

"Decorating Center of the Intermountain Area"330 East 4th South Salt Lake City, Utah—See your local Pratt & Lambert dealer—

SEPTEMBER 1964 779 A FREE DOLLAR BOX OF MASON CANDY

CAN HELP YOU RAISE $180 TO $2,500

No money in advance... no risk... no obligation.

We will give you a FREE dollar box of nationally known Mason candy and tell you how your organization can make 400 on every $1.00 box.

You have a choice of Mason Mints, Almond

Cocoanut, Assorted Jellies, Walnut Fudge. At

no extra charge each package is wrapped with your organization's name and picture. You pay

only after you have sold the candy.

Return what you don't sell. More than 60,000

organizations have raised money this easy way. So can you! For complete information,

fill in and mail this coupon today!

Mr. George Rausch, Dept.. 978 9 Mason, Box 549, Mineola, N.Y.

obligawithout Please send me, Gentlemen: C

Plan. Raising your Fund on tion, information A

Name COURTESY: HALLMARK

(If under 21) Age Organization OF THE ATTRACTIVE

Address CHILD State City & BY D. S. PEET

members Phone. many How

MASON CANDIES, INC., MINEOLA, N.Y. "Mama,"a fouryear-old girl redom. Yet it is true that we often

marked unhappily, "I've been very tend to treat our families with less kind to you all day, and I don't like grace than the stranger in the street.

you to speak so crossly to me!"No one has the right to attend a

I can appreciate this mother's social gathering where he does not feelings because of a paralleling hope to give some sort of compen- (fom K&f tfo ticularlyexperience.frustratingAt the closeafternoon,of a par-I havior.sation in However,the form ofin acceptablethe home bewe

answered our threeyear-old son in incline to forget the necessity for < SECRETARIAL a vexed and angry tone. He fixed this compensation. Yet, the true

SCIENCE his eyes, wide with astonishment, charm of a household depends upon DATA

PROCESSING it, attitudes of within the "Is the that people he way,"me. any upon MARKETING

ACCOUNTING attitudes reflect these children "for to reprovingly, and asked a mama MANAGEMENT

PERSONAL of still little as as clearly to pool water the a speak boy who DEVELOPMENT

LDS reflects a face. INSTITUTE loves her?"Write for Free Catalog

MR. L. D. SAUNDERS Children are very sensitive to For example, adult impatience not

L.D.S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

SALT TEMPLE 411 E. SO. LAKE CITY, UTAH sharp tones and ungracious words, only wounds children, but it also

and when they encounter them freturns them from their parents and quently, quite naturally turn the presents them with a serious handisame treatment upon others. cap in developing a satisfying patYoung people are often accused of tern of life. Unless children learn

bad manners. They have a habit of to wait comfortably and to curb theMISSIONARIES barging into things, and sometimes irritable rush of words when some-

A WEBCOR tape recorder can be they trip over their own feet because thing displeases them, they will an excellent tool in your work. they have not yet learned that comspend their lives allowing negative

TERMS—Call or write about our fortable living depends upon a thoughts and values to rule their

MISSIONARY plan. knowledge of what to do and how to minds and hearts.

teacher her grade had be demanners do it. Good A first may

restudents stand each as of living morning and 1568 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah fined the art pleasantly

Another Clarence L. Jolley Enterprise with others, and children who appeat with her, M Y O B, three times.

pear to have instinctive good manThis translated reads: MIND YOUR

StereoTape Recorder ners usually are bred in homes OWN BUSINESS! This is certainly

Center where courtesy is the custom. one of the basic signs of good breedLack of good manners in the home ing; yet we ourselves are often to

is generally due to thoughtlessness blame when our youngster fails in rather than unkindness. Many peothis area, because we continually pry

Mail order your ple refer to the freedom one should into the child's personal life. We

CUCKOO CLOCKS be able to feel within one's own would consider such interference direct from the BLACK FOREST home. But to be rude, indifferent, in the lives of other adults unjustiCLOCK SPECIALIST and ungracious is license, not freefied and discourteous, but we perpeERNST KAISER

78 Frieburg, Postfaeh 923—W. Germany

.

YOU CAN ACQUIRE

trate it upon our children under the * MONEY * * LEADERSHIP * guise of training. protection and * PEACE OF MIND* a guest one afternoon I was of a

woman who was the mother of two Powerful psychological principles taught children. Throughout the hour of to thousands in California, Arizona, andmy visit, she called out directions to

them constantly. These were older Nevada by industrial psychologist, Dr.

children who should no longer have William C. Tanner, Jr., will give you a

required close supervision but had way to achieve greater success.

their mother felt it honestly necessary, a quiet looksee would have The complete course, "IT'S ALL IN YOUR MIND/'saved the youngsters from such marauding questioning. is now available on five longplaying records.

Soon afterward this woman conResults people have had from using the techniques presented in the Course:

fided to me in great shame that her Salesman advanced to SECOND PLACE in sales force of 120 men daughter who had been asked to Businessman's income GREATLY INCREASED babysit for a neighbor had gone PERSONAL relations IMPROVED through the contents of the neighMy Check Money Order for $34.35 Our Intermountain Address:

bor's desk. Both parents were horriis enclosed so that I may take advantage

fied at their daughter's thoughtless of the discount price of 20% off the retail Tanner & Associates intrusion the privacy of upon anprice of deposit of $42.95. $5.00 A or 1454 Yale Avenueother, yet had, in this mother a very records at discount hold the the more will

real sense, set the stage herself for price. Salt Lake City, Utah

the incident. How could her child

understand what is meant by personal privacy? She had never

experienced it.

"Her voice was ever soft, gentle A TOTAL ELECTRIC and low, an excellent thing in woman,"wrote Shakespeare several centuries ago, and this remains a most charming attribute. Usually

in a home where parents speak in a mild tone, children, unless unduly excited, will not go about shrieking to the four winds. It is truly disturbing to the serenity of the memSpecial for..

bers of a family as well as to guests in the individual each when home feels to called shout a little cjUo/imonQAcddings upon louder than the former speaker in Reception Invitations, Napkins, order to be heard. Albums,temple designs.etc., featuring(ConventionalL.D.S.

One of the first small rituals of styles 100 for $5.95.) Write

courtesy is undertaken when the for FREE catalog and samples.

young child learns to say "please,"REXCRAFT - Rexburg, Idaho 83440 and "thank you."(Catalog sent airmail for 25c)

"Hearts are locks that open with ease,

To 'Thank you, Sir,'and Tf you EVERY LIBRARY - WARD OR HOME please!'Should have bound copies of the A wonderful new

ERA heavyduty high quality way to liveThis is so true. Many times an Only $2.50 for a

even disposition and courteous binder. Indexes free with binders.

speech win more victories in the Order from world than cold logic.

A goodtempered child is so disThe Improvement arming, so easily loved and acUTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

cepted. Society expects us to meet Buy now from your deafer

advances graciously and to give 135 South State Street pleasure, even in the event of badly Salt Lake City 11, Utah timed or unwelcome attention. God

did not give children tongues only for complaint, but to spread pleasYOU CAN RENT IT!

ure, comfort, and happiness.

child that a Courtesy demands HOWE RENTS his his family friends tointroduce SALES AND RENTALS

I Salt Lake City 2375 South State 4860055

SEPTEMBER 1964 781 and his family to his friends. This must feel when we are so embartimes to visit a close and congenial

becomes a natural habit if it is begun rassed by our imperfections. I wonfriend. The child's parents were

at the threshold of social life. It is dered how I could have been so wellto-do. Servants took care of

easiest if children are brought forth insensitive to the needs of others. many of the children's needs. We

and presented to their parents'Since that afternoon, I have devoted thought our son would be much friends, even when quite young, and myself to making people feel enimpressed by this evidence of so learn the duties of host and tirely welcome, and I have made it worldly wealth and were surprised hostess at their parents'side. In this a point to teach our children that when after his third visit, he deway they learn poise and social the only important thing is that a clined to go anymore. When I

deftness from experience, but even guest be glad at the close of the day asked him privately his reason, he more important, they get their "boot that he came to our house. said simply, "They don't assemble

training"in an atmosphere of loving The dining room is about the only for meals."

acceptance, something very necesplace where the modern family I was struck by this strange use sary to the proper psychic developstill meets. Punctuality for meals is of the word assemble. I had never

ment of the child. an obligation, and good table manthought of our meal time as preIf we are at home with our guests, ners are a sign of respect for those cisely an assembly. Our son shrugged

it must follow that they will be at with whom we eat. Adult members his shoulders. "They eat whenever

ease with us, and our children will of the family should avoid any they want, and the maid serves have onthe-spot lessons in the adverse criticism of the food served, them."He shrugged again, hopegracious art of making others comlest our little ones pick up the unlessly, "The family just doesn't

fortable; for instance, children who pleasant habit of faultfinding. Chilassemble."

retain composure in the face of a dren love to gather around the "I shouldn't think that would matsocial blunder have, as a rule, been table and to bring all the news of the ter,"I put in brightly, "if you and welltrained by parents who have day for discussion. Conversation Pat have a good time together."

shown by example that such things should be as much a part of dining "It matters to me,"he insisted can be surmounted. When adults as the partaking of food. Little solemnly. "I like to assemble."

think first of others and seek to spare folk should be given a chance to A family whose members really injured feelings, children quickly speak and to question without relove each other keeps its own perpick up the cue. proof or bored attention from parsonal affairs to itself. Family memIf we want people to like our ents and older brothers and sisters; bers don't discuss or criticize each

sons and daughters, we must teach for, aside from preparing them for other to outsiders or air the family them to listen well. A welcome future years of social living, it inditroubles. Neither do they argue or

guest or a charming host would not cates very strongly to them that disagree violently in the presence of talk all of the time, anymore than they, too, though small in size, strangers. If these are firm and

he would eat everything in sight. belong and are interesting and stedfast rules, the growing child will

Neither would he break into ancherished. automatically respect them. To chilother's speech or listen with obvious Our tenyear-old went several dren, love is most clearly maniimpatience as his friend talks. One fested in small ways. If we are

of our children's companions, a considerate and kindly in dealing lookinghandsome, wholesome boy THE APRON withwill respondour sonsinandsimilardaughters,fashion.they feel immediately drawn,to whom we

quickly ruins his good impression by BY MABEL JONES GABBOTT It is very noticeable to outsiders cruelly clever remarks. This child, and older people when children

intellectually well endowed, is preThis morning, dressing in early perform little unasked for acts of vented by some deep insecurity kindness and affection, and these dawn,from saying the kind words necesindicate a home where loving kindsary for living painlessly in the I put my apron wrong side on. ness is the rule rather than the

world. Before we may share someIt seemed I was a child again, exception. Usually these little genthing, we must first have it, and this And Grandmother Leah, eighty then, erosities of heart thrive because of a

boy has never learned kindness. Was saying, "Wear it awhile that pleased smile, a grateful arm about

During the early years of our marway, the child's shoulder, or a softly riage when we had several children whispered word of approval from under school age, a courtly old And something good will come this loved ones.

gentleman came one afternoon to day."Children are highly imitative. If

call. I scampered about during the Remembering her, I wore it thus father and mother are thoughtful

first few minutes, retrieving blocks, While I took the children to the bus, and considerate of each other, of toy cars, and crayons, until he came And whirled through dishes and the children, and of the children's over took and my arm.

don't say a word,"he cauironing and dust, friends,easily inthetheyoungsterssame pattern.will developIn a "Now

tioned. "Never apologize for your And all the duties a mother must. home where courtesy is a natural

home, my dear, nor for your furniThe apron reminded me, "look for inhabitant, it meets you at the doorture or your food. Guests who good"; way and a delightful atmosphere

it, like a butterflyenter your door presumably come And the day was better than it would prevails. From

to see you, not to check on your from a cocoon, regardless of his housekeeping."It occurred to me Have ever been. Grandmother's wise physical endowment, emerges the

suddenly how uncomfortable a guest Old saying gave me fresh clear eyes. truly attractive child.

782 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1 SAW YOUR DAUGHTER BY MIRLA GREENWOOD THAYNE Profit with You lived for me, today. I saw your

daughter, Chocolate ready smile, a winning way, and WosMl QinerfA laughter So much like yours. When your Ward, Stake, MIA, Sunday

I saw her standing there and School, Relief Society or other group thought... needs funds, use the PROVEN, EASY,

She is not dead; NO RISK WAY... USE THE -

If she were dead, then she has thus WORLD'S FINEST - CHOCOLATE returned.

Then reason said, FUND RAISING PROGRAM.

"There is no death. A flower at

seasons end SEND FOR FREE SAMPLE AND LITERATURE

Yields FINEST to its wintry grave, but not to Personalized wrapper—pay CHOCOLATE INC. for only what you sell AFTER the saleWORLD'S

49+ri Street don't sell. return what you death, 2521 WestIllinois Chicago, 60632

- investigation of inquiries ond products Your FINEST will seedlings time, her in dueAnd No invited. - heartilyWORLD'S not only Raising techniques Fund are and

of offer with universal a Superior Quality product you Weacceptance, defend distributors located but - FINESTwill.. theWORLD'S over extend United States helpful and ChocolateCanada existence. essence andall CityAddress -StateHer of own

in assuring personal of the your guidance success

- -campaign. - us -Position.- to raise Contact or $1,000 Organization u $10,000 more! $100 breath."NOW her

And so, your daughter came to me, today, And spring returned, and you are just away.

Secure the FUTURE of ffiose you love THESE I LOVE ROBERT I. BURTON ffltcvtaAHOME STUDY

Please send free HOME STUDYThe cricket's chirp; the song of birds; catalogThe buzz of busy bees; to:

wavesThe rippling of rip'ning grain, Name breeze. summer's by theFanned Address

The babbling of the running brook; City State.

White clouds afloat in heaven's blue;

HOME STUDY awhirl leaves at dawn, TOThe aspens'YOUNG UNIVERSHY BRIGHAM through. streaming sunshineWith UTAH PROVO,

The golden tinge on mountain heights; As morn takes o'er night's reign;

When day is born once more anew,

And life begins again.

kissThe goodnight of setting sun, ARE YOU GOING TO EUROPE? aglow; western skiesWith

The rising moon o'er eastern hills Have You a Missionary Returning Home?

As white as virgin snow. Why not bring home an elegant

The lullabies the breezes sing, MercedesBenz, at the lowest

Through stately pines at night, European retail price? (The savAs though to tell us God is near, ing can pay for a good part of

And everything is right. your trip). We will honor the

Warranty and service your car The handclasp of a proven friend;

The gleam of honor in his eyes—when you are back home. Ask

The windows of his inner soul—us for details.

A friend, life's dearest prize.

KEN GARFF IMPORTS 525 So. State St. DA 8-8541 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

SEPTEMBER 1964 783 Carbon Copy deep end. Why don't you invite where his Spirit would not dwell.

me to one of your parties sometime? She would go to her bishop tomor-

(Continued from page 733) I might not fit in, but I'd just like row and discuss her experience with to see what goes on at a good, wholehim and also meet with little Sue's some party."family. The empty, sick feeling was

was the best they could do. Fran Fran squeezed his hand as they gone, and she cried herself to sleep.

compared the latest Mutual barbesaid goodnight at the steps. She Fran was subdued the next morncue at the lake with the party she hurried into the house and made a ing as she arrived for work at the TV

had attended today. There was an beeline for her room. She didn't station. She was called in immeabundance of funny jokes and good want the family to see her crying. diately for dictation and was glad

humor that night, but no one had Yes, it was her own life, and she to forget her problems in work. She

to worry about offcolor stories certainly had used poor judgment transcribed her notes quickly and or drink. today. One of the little girls in her began typing. Her fingers flew over

The jazz band wasplaying louder class had seen her do something she the typewriter and, disturbed as she now, a few couples dancing wildly had taught them not to do. Even was, began hitting the wrong keys.

to the African beat. Fran's eyes though she had not sipped the beer, It was always such a bother to erase

smarted from the thick smoke. What it had looked as if she had. The an error. The original looked perfect,

was the matter with her? She felt importance of avoiding even the apbut there was always a smudge left

sick and empty. She turned to Doug pearance of wrong became clear to on the carbon to remind you of

and asked, "Would you please take her. How could she ever make it your mistake.

me home? I don't feel well."right with little Sue? Fran's mother's words came to her

As they drove down the highway, Fran felt her mother's arms again "... if we are truly sorry the

Doug said, "You didn't enjoy youraround her shoulders. She covered Lord will forgive us."

self today, did you?"her face as she tearfully blurted out Why, it's just like this letter. A

Fran looked at him with her clear the events of the day. Would she person's whole life could be combrown eyes and said, "I thought I ever be able to regain the confidence pared to this letter. We know the

was going to have the time of my of the little Jacobson girl who had right keys, but sometimes, carelessly, life, but instead this day has only seen her at the lake? She had hurt we strike the wrong letter. Every

left me with an empty feeling. You not only herself, but others as well. act of our life is recorded in duplisee, Doug, up until now, I thought Her mother comforted her with cate—the original for the Lord, and

your way of life was better and more the knowledge that if we are truly the carbon for me. When I make

satisfying than mine. Now I think sorry for something and never remistakes and erase them, my erasure

I realize that I have a way of life peat that mistake again, the Lord is clean with the Lord, and he forthat you might want. I'm afraid I will forgive us. That night Fran gives me completely, but my carbon

was ashamed of the Church and my prayed tearfully and fervently for copy, with the smudged errors, is membership in it. I was afraid all strength and courage to live her re- a reminder that I could have done

of you would make fun of me for ligion and not be ashamed of her better and avoided the sorrow of not drinking or smoking. I wanted convictions, even though she might my mistakes."

to go along with you, but I found it be in the minority. The Spirit of the "From now on,"said Fran softly

no fun at all. I feel sort of empty Lord had left her today, or rather to herself, "I'm not going to put

inside and ashamed of myself. she had left the Lord for awhile smudges on my letter of life. And

"Doug, I can never do the things because she had been in places I will be happy."

you do and enjoy them, because I know what it is to experience real, wholesome fun. It's the kind of fun

you remember with pleasure. I WALKING AUTUMN WOODS

feel happy every time I recall these occasions. They are good times with BY NELL WOMACK EVANS

no regrets; good times with a clear

timeshead; good when we all know In the autumn aspens turn, are doing minute. everywhat we

"I guess I won't be going with you Ablaze along the hills they burn;

anymore on Sundays. I want to get Currant clumps are shades of wine,

back to oldfashioned life because

I feel better in that atmosphere."Grape leaves golden on the vine.

Doug looked at her halfsmiling Elm and birch glow golden too;

said, that "I could telland were you Beech trees show a coppery hue;

I telldifferent could somehow. you

didn't feel very comfortable today Pine, oaks, and the sumacs flameand now I know why. You know, In what colors, who can name?

Fran, no matter how worldly a fellow may become, he always recogWood ferns change to rusty brown, nizes a nice girl when he meets her. Plumcolored ash leaves tumble down:

Maybe if there were more good, In autumns leafdrifting weather clean, honorable girls like you, there would be fewer fellows go off the Let us walk the woods together.

784 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ERAJL#JL JL JL# JL JL JL# Mkmj JL\. JL yv YOUTHMarion D. Hanks, Editor; Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor

V

Soul of the Age!

The applause! delight! the wonder of our stage!

My Shakespeare, rise;...

Thou art a monument, without a tomb,

And art alive still, while thy book doth live,

And we have wits to read, and praise to give...

He was not of an age, but for all time!

Ben Jonson

SHAKESPEARE

Sv- >->e/-*'tVp*>j!"

jfj \

-rfpf T"y-i \ % * I

/ i K *% * "i we---- v

The day shall not be up so soon as I,

To try the fair adventure of tomorrow.

King John, Act 5, Scene 5, Action To business that we love we rise betime,

And go to't with delight.

Antony and Cleopatra, Act 4, Scene 4.

Following the tradition of their beloved grandfather, David O. McKay, David

McKay and his sister Mary Ann, Garden Heights Ward, Canyon Rim Stake, get to their horses at dawn.

s? <>o-

Still in thy right hand carry gentle peace,

To silence envious tongues. Be just, and fear not:Objectives,

Let all the ends thou aim'st at be thy country's,

Thy God's, and truth's;

Henry VIII, Act 3, Scene 2. oals

Terril Gunnell of East 12th Ward, University West Stake, works toward his goal of excellence in serving his country, his God, and his fellow men in searching for truth.

Mine honour is my life; both grow in one;

Take honour from me, and my life is done.

King Richard II, Act 1, Scene 1.

She is of so free, so kind, so apt, so blessed a disposition, she holds it a vice in her goodness not to do more than she is

requested.

Othello, Act 2, Scene 3.

Her voice was ever soft, Gentle and low, an excellent thing in woman.Girls

King Lear, Act 5, Scene 3.

Modest as morning. Troilus and Cressida, Act 1, Scene 3.

Reading to another doubles the joy, according to Jennifer Ralphs of Monument

Park 6th Ward, Monument Park West Stake, who reads to Sister Franklin S. Harris.

i [S/ff H W

I'W f M i

Those friends thou hast, and their adoption tried,

Grapple them to thy soul with hooks of steel,

But do not dull thy palm with entertainmentFriends Of each newhatch'd unfledged comrade.

Hamlet, Act 1, Scene 3,

Good times in the company of good friends for Mason Lyman, Cathy Robbins,

Richard Winterton, Lynnette Graham, David Cockayne, Shauna Manning of

Garden Park Ward, Bonneville Stake.

Opportunities

There is a tide in the affairs of men

Which taken at the flood leads on to fortune;

Omitted, all the voyage of their life

Is bound in shallows and in miseries.

Julius Caesar, Act 4, Scene 3.

Honesty No legacy is so rich as honesty.

All's Well That Ends Well, Act 3, Scene 5.

O it is excellent To have a giant's strength; but it is tyrannous

To use it like a giant.

Measure for Measure, Act 2, Scene 2.

fis

President Maurice J. Taylor, Temple View Stake, interviews Robert Shelton on

personal worthiness.

Manners Be bright and jovial among your guests tonight.

Macbeth, Act 3, Scene 2.

Unbidden guests are often welcomest when they are gone.

I Henry VI, Act 2, Scene 2.

Society is no comfort to one not sociable.

Cymbeline, Act 4, Scene 2.

Whose virtue and whose general graces speak that which none else can utter.

Antony and Cleopatra, Act 2, Scene 2.

P;ttycrashing boys are unwelcome guests at an allgirl party. Proving this point

in a posed shot are Natalie Neff, Carol Ann West, Sharon Elkins, T. R. Wilhelmson, Bill Francis, Linda Larsen, Cherrill Neff, and Bonnie Harris. They're members

of the Valley View 4th Ward, Valley View Stake.

Mend your speech a little, Lest it may mar your fortunes. Speech

King Lear, Act 1, Scene 1

Gangcalls might be fun, but aren't popular with girl on the other end of the line. Pictured are David Thomas, Randy Crawford,

Kenneth Embley, Paul Colseland, and Bryant Higgins of the Grant 4th Ward, Grant Stake.

The man that hath no music in himself,

Nor is not moved with concord of sweet sounds,

Is fit for treasons, stratagems and spoils;

The motions of his spirit are dull as night,Music And his affections dark as Erebus:

Let no such man be trusted. The Merchant of Venice, Act 5,

Members of the Ensign 4th Ward, Ensign Stake sing under the baton of Richard P. Condie, director of Salt Lake Tabernacle

Choir. Seated, Jill Stephenson, Janet Kirton, Betty Ann Cunningham; standing, Tom Williams, Brent Cunningham, Roger Neslen,

Judy Tingey, and Joe Cook.

Knowledge Sir, he hath never fed of the dainties that are bred in a book; he hath not eat paper, as it were; he hath not drunk

ink: his intellect is not replenished; he is only an animal,

only sensible to the duller parts.

Love's Labours Lost, Act 4, Scene 2.

And seeing ignorance is the curse of God,

Knowledge the wing wherewith we fly to heaven.

II Henry VI, Act 4, Scene 7.

Seeking knowledge from good Looks are Dixie Mitchell, Pam Burgon, Bruce Shand,

Trudie White, and Kim Browning of Murray 12th Ward, Murray Stake.

c Service <>'<iv&3 One good deed dying tongueless

Slaughters a thousand waiting upon that.

The Winter's Tale, Act 1, Scene 2.

... love that comes too late,

Like a remorseful pardon slowly carried,

To the great sender turns a sour offense.

All's Well That Ends Well, Act 5, Scene 3,

There are many ways to serve, and caring for the church grounds is but one for

Federal Heights Ward, Emigration Stake, priesthood members Tom Johnson,

Jay Johnson, Robert Hill, Bowen Miles, Stan Darger, and Mack Douglass.

SelfControl Meet the first beginnings;

Look to the budding mischief before it has

Time to ripen to maturity.

Refrain tonight, And that shall lend a kind of easiness

To the next abstinence; the next more easy;

For use almost can change the stamp of nature,

And either... [master] the devil, or throw him out

With wondrous potency.

Hamlet, Act 3, Scene 4.

m f$&

1 y V Conscience I feel within me A peace above all earthly dignities,

A still and quiet conscience.

Henry VIII, Act 3, Scene 2.

s

. ***""*:-sazZX!tr - *'"&?-**- "**—\

Good

Pamela Robison, Valley View 4th Ward, Valley View Stake, at peace with herself.

Good name in man and woman, dear my lord,

Is the immediate jewel of their souls:

Who steals my purse steals trash; 'tis something, nothing;

'Twas mine, 'tis his, and has been slave to thousands

But he that filches from me my good nameName

Robs me of that which not enriches him

And makes me poor indeed.

Othello, Act 3, Scene 3.

Pretending to gossip to prove a point are Roger Green, Peggy Bangerter, Philip

Barlow, John Salmon, Julie Hanks, and Jeanine Huber of Bountiful 24th Ward,

Bountiful Stake.

f O, they love least that let men know their love.

The Two Gentlemen of Verona, Act 1, Scene 2.

My bounty is as boundless as the sea,

My love as deep; the more I give to thee,

The more I have, for both are infinite. Love Romeo and Juliet, Act 2, Scene 2.

r

Butler 9th Ward, Butler Stake, youth discussing the importance of preparing properly for temple marriage are Evelyn Benson, Carma Jones, Michael Shane, and Gary Despain.

Prayer

My words fly up, my thoughts remain below:

Words without thoughts never to heaven go.

Hamlet, Act 3, Scene 3.

V The Last Word

:ift\H:-tzf

YouYou cancan alwaysalways telltell whenwhen aa ExperienceExperience surelysurely teaclteaches us that man is quite wellinformed there's a small but important ciifand intelligent. His views ference between keeping your chin

are very much like yours. up and sticking your neck out.

Leisure is time for doing something useful; People who keep sawing wood in all kinds

this leisure the diligent man will obtain; of weather are the ones who have the

but the lazy man never. -Benjamin Franklin biggest woodpile at the end of the season.

The memory strengthens as you lay burdens upon it and becomes trustworthy as you trust it.—Thomas De Quincey

..iCm-., i,,: T ">,.;:: r **::.;:;: -,:a j?m

... "':< i,,!,

"The spirituality of a ward will be commensurate Men, like tacks, are with the activity of the youth in that ward useful if they have good... for they will mold the moral atmosphere heads and are pointed

of the ward."—President David 0. McKay in the right direction.

The hardest thing about making money last is to make it first.

Time will bring to light whatever Teacher: "What are the leaders of Indian

is hidden, and it will conceal and tribes called, Mary?"Mary: "Chiefs."

cover up what is now shining Teacher: "Right. Now Johnny, what are the

with the greatest splendor.—Horace women called?"Johnny: "Uh... Mischiefs?"

Rest is not idleness, and to lie sometimes on the grass under the trees on a summer's day, listening to the murmur of the water, or watching the clouds float across the blue sky is by no means a waste of time. -Lord Avebury

The sun passeth through pollutions and itself remains as pure as before. -Francis Bacon

-vWfti,

for those whose tastes demand the finest

In elegance, beauty and convenience Temple Terrace is the ultimate. You live in the utmost comfort in your own sky This home under condominium ownership... more economically

than in the average single family home.

sunsets over the Great Salt Lake, and the Promised Valley'sIs The Place Enjoy breathtaking views of the towering Rockies, ruby jewellike lights at night... from large patio balconies.

Wonderful Total Electric Living

You'll thrill with pureas-sunshine electric heating and refrigerated air conditioning with roomby-room controls...

all electric kitchen... Light for Living and Full Housepower.

Act Now Visit the building site when you are in the city for General Conference. Choice apartment homes with 1 to 3 bedrooms still available...

although 140 units are already spoken for. Write today for free brochure

in color. Temple Terrace, Inc., 53 East 4th South, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Temple Terrace

America's Beautiful* Most APARTMENT HOMES of Salt In the Heart Lake City * Artist's portrayal of how Temple Terrace will appear when completed First North, Near Main Salt Lake City, Utah

Utah Sales Agent Golden R. Buchanan, Professional Development, Inc., 3223451

Salesmen: Harold Dent, Loren Ferre, Thayne G. Buchanan

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

The building was new, clean and mortgaged; the sign was also new

... "Allan Hudson, M.D."

Medical school seemed far, far in the dim past as Allan Hudson and his mother, with whom he lived, gazed at both building and sign with pride and relief. The long,

uphill climb was about over.

In view of the mortgage on his new building, young Dr. Hudson

took out a Beneficial Commercial TfiePiromtse Whole Life policy for $10,000, with the advantage of Double Indemnity.

Meanwhile, with friend, Dave 9 \ I UnfuCfiCfed Edwards, he planned one last short vacation before beginning practice.

Taking advantage of a long July 4th weekend, they drove to nearby

Grand Canyon, a trip from which

Dr. Allan Hudson never returned.

Investigating officers reported that their car, driven by Edwards, went out of control, rolling over several times.

Death claimed Allan Hudson just four days before the end of the grace period following the first monthly payment on his policy. For

an investment of $26.74 and the

deduction of a similar amount from the proceeds to pay the past due monthly premium, the mother received $19,973.26.

Here, again, the wisdom and the miracle of life insurance!

From the Beneficial Life files.

All names have been changed.

BENEFICIAL LEFE

Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

Over 600 million dollars of life insurance in force.

.,"'""'

.'(