Vol. XVIII NOVEMBER, 1914 No. 1

ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, THE YOUNO MEN'S MUTUAL

MPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS AND THE SCHOOLS OF THE CHURCH OF

JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

PVMUMHBB MONTHLY BY THE BKNBKAL BOARD AT 9ALT UUCB 1TY. WTAM

[Engravers [Ekc&igg

BEFORE THE SMOKE BOTH PHONES 351

CLEARS AWAY Ob your fireJos, Wm. Tayloroffice or store, you can resume

ness If Insured with us. No long

unnecessary delays In adjusting, a Utah's Leading Undertaker haggling over terms; but prompt payand Licensed Embalmer.

ment of losses every time. It's to our

Interest to get you set up in business) Fine Funeral Chapel, Private again.again—we can Insure you Parlor, Show Rooms and Morgue

HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY OF UTASS OFFICE OPEN CAY AND NIGHT

St. South 1 21 23 West Temple and 25Heler J. Grant & Cc, 2SS CITY, SALT UTAH LAKE2026 S. Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah

BRIGHAM YOUNG COLLEGE THE STANDARD NORMAL OF NORTHERN UTAH

LOGAN, UTAH THE STANDARD NORMAL SCHOOL includes- 1 Two years of College Work.

2 Four years Preparatory Normal Course.

3 A wellequipped Training School.

THE STANDARD HIGH SCHOOL includesFour year courses in Science. Literature, Business, Home Economics,

Mechanic Arts, Agriculture, etc.

Modern buildings, wellequipped laboratories, commodious library and class rooms, auditorium equal to any in Utah, splendid gymnasium and swimming pool, large athletic field, instructors welltrained and experienced, and a student body renowned for loyalty and enthusiasm.

Our Normal Graduates receive State Recognition Expenses moderate Write for information

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

LATE SUMMER

The suns of August scorch the yellow grain,

And pale the hills are wrapped in whitened hare

Like islands float the groves above the plain

From skies unclouded comes the lambent blaze

The roads are blinding in the floods of light

The suns are followed with the burning moons

Each day but dies to bring as rich a night,

And at the dawnings, night in languor swoons.

Alfred Lambourne.

THE RURAL PEACE See article, "The Country CrossRoads,"by Alfred Lambourne.

Improvement Era

Vol. XVIII NOVEMBER, 1914 No. 1

The Story of the Crystal

A Parable Based on Nature's Laws is to be Found within.

BY DR. JAMES E. TALMAGE

Do you know what a crystal is? Many of us may have seen

the beautiful cubes that form when salt solidifies from the brine the lustrous octahedrons into which alum shapes itself as the substance separates from a saturated solution; and we may have

seen, if so we surely have admired, the rhombohedrons of calcite, occurring in the best condition as Iceland spar, and the clear hexagonal prisms of quartz with their pyramidal terminations, each of three or six faces. All of these, the cubes, the octahedrons,

the rhombs, and the prisms are crystals, and the geometric forms named are but a few of the multitudinous shapes that are assumed, under certain favorable conditions, when matter returns to the solid state after solution, fusion, or sublimation.

Most solids possessing definite chemical composition tend toward the crystal state. Thus, in addition to the examples

already cited, sucrose or cane sugar, tartaric and citric acids, sodium carbonate or washing soda, and sodium bicarbonate or baking soda, may be named as substances common in the home, each of which readily crystallizes provided the conditions are suitable. Gypsum, which is known to many in its massive state only,

as plasterstone or as alabaster, tends toward, and under favorable conditions will attain, the splendid form and state of selenite, which is crystallized gypsum, and which occurs in the veincav- ities and caverns of the earth as monoclinic prisms and other related shapes. When the prisms are very thin and are closely

crowded in parallel position, the resulting mass is the rich and lustrous satin spar.

4 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The sixsided prisms of quartz, already referred to as occurring in association with terminal pyramids, are specifically known as rock crystal; and it is interesting to note that in reference to

this substance the term "crystal"was originally applied. The

name is derived from "krystallos,"the Greek word for "ice;"and

was given to these colorless transparent prisms of quartz on the false basis of a fanciful theory that they were masses of ice that had been frozen by cold so intense as to render thawingout impossible.

As in part stated above, there is a very general tendency toward crystallization by such chemical substances, either elements or compounds, as are ordinarily solid. Needless to say, the tendency is not always realized; indeed, only under particular conditions do solids actually attain the crystal state. Yet the tendency is ever operative; and there is something inspiringly grand

in the tendency effort, as we would say were we itself,—the

speaking of living organisms; and in fact there may always be

recognized the great and the grand, the noble, the true and the good, in every uplifting tendency, in every effort toward the purer and the better.

The mud in the puddle is an uninviting mixture; nevertheless

the constituent parts thereof, the silica of the sand grains, the calcium carbonate of the groundup limestone, the more complicated silicates of the clay, each of these tends toward,—may we

not say, figuratively at toward, the state of symleast—yearns

metry in form and structure that is manifest in the crystal alone.

If these substances, the chemical ingredients of the dirty, slushy mud, were free to follow their own drift, free to obey unhindered the laws of their inanimate existence, they would all crystallize and from the mud would come lustrous prisms of quartz, brilliant rhombs of calcite, crystals of feldspar, pyroxene, or possibly some of the silicate gems.

What are these particular and indispensable conditions under which crystals may form? Broadly speaking they may be summarized thus: a state of molecular freedom, whereby the ultimate particles of the substance are made able to move among

themselves.

It is known that the axle of a railway locomotive or car may become in time granular, and in consequence very likely to break under any sudden or unusual strain. When the axle was first

fashioned it was of fibrous, not granular texture; but the shaking

and the jolting, the bumping and the jarring to which it is subjected in long continued travel may bring the particles into the crystalline state. The metal then consists of distinct grains, each

a tiny incipient crystal. The granular or crystalline state and the

state of actual crystallization fully attained are well illustrated by a lump of loafsugar and a cluster of sugar crystals as seen in

THE STORY OF THE CRYSTAL 5

rock candy. Reverting to the instance of the car axle, we may

say that the metal had availed itself of every little jolt or jar to bring its atoms into crystalline relationship with one another.

Then some day we hear of an awful disaster. A train is wrecked

many people are injured or killed; investigation shows a defective

axle, one that had become granular through long use. Gaged by

the standard of human interest the accident was most deplorable and distressing; viewed from the side of natural law it was but

an incident connected with the irrepressible effort of homogeneous solids to attain the crystalline condition.

In a lump of rocksalt the tendency toward crystallization is just as real as in salt suspended in water as brine, but the bonds of solidity, the mysterious force we call cohesion, hinders free movement of the atomic particles, and so prevents the orderly molecular arrangement that is characteristic of the crystal state.

Solution is one of the processes by which the molecules of a solid are so freed from cohesion as to be able to move without hindrance; and another process of similar effect is fusion or melting

under heat.

There are many substances for which no physical solvents are known; that is to say we are unable to dissolve them without

first converting them into compounds that are soluble. To this

class belong the metals. There are substances that will dissolve

in any of several solvents, and others, for each of which but a single solvent is known. Thus, common salt, alum, and sugar

are readily soluble in water; and, from the aqueous solution,

crystals of the respective substance may be obtained. Camphor is

but sparingly soluble in water but easily so in alcohol; and from

the alcoholic solution camphor 'may be made to crystallize. Carbon is soluble in molten iron, and may crystallize out from such

solution as graphite or as the diamond, each of which is in composition pure carbon. Silicon goes into solution in molten zinc,

and crystallizes therefrom in brilliant needlelike forms.

Through the examples cited, certain facts have been established,—that fusion and solution are conducive to crystal formation by affording to the molecules, or ultimate particles of the

melted or dissolved substance, freedom to move; and furthermore, that in order to effect the solution of any substance, be it

an element or a compound, the particular solvent suitable thereto must be employed.

Like all other operations in Nature, the crystallizing process arouses the wonder and taxes the understanding of the observant student. There is something seemingly supernatural in the shaping of the cubes of salt in a saturated brine, as also in the formation of crystals through cooling and solidification following

fusion. Even the unscientific observer sees that the crystal is a

manifestation of order; the molecular arrangement is according

6 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to system; the symmetry of the crystal is the result of freedom,

the fruition of liberty. Hence we have come to say in simile and

metaphor, when our ideas on any given subject have been collated and reduced to order and system, that they are crystallized. The

figure is a good one, based as it is on sound analogy. To insure

the crystallization of ideas through solution, the solvent chosen must be the right one, however rare or precious; aye, though it

be the attar of our sweetest fancies, the distillate from false though mostbeloved traditions; and to effect crystallization of thought

through fusion, the requisite temperature must be attained whatever the sacrifice or cost in to cast into the fuel,—though we have

furnace our fondest superstitions, precious prejudices, and even our very passions of hatred or love.

When a great truth enters one's soul for the first time, the man erroneously calls it a new truth; it may give rise to mental

disturbance and possible disruption because it is plainly opposed to the man's earlier conceptions. He has to break down his stubborn traditions, his selfish predilections; with pestle and mortar

he must grind them to powder, that thus triturated they may the more readily be dissolved or fused. True faith, genuine hope,

trust in God, are solvents of rare efficacy; and prayer is the most

potent of all. These will in time bring into solution even the

most resisting and rebellious thoughts; or, in the furnace, they

will develop such heat of conviction as to reduce to quiescent fusion even the most refractory of false beliefs. In the beaker or

the crucible shall form new thoughts, freshly crystallized, lustrous, symmetrical, true.

Away back in the last quarter of the eighteenth century there was an exhibition of crystallization of thought and principle on a colossal scale; therein the nation participated; and at the process

as at the result the whole world wondered. From the hot solution

of united determination there developed gradually the glorious system of government embodied in the Constitution of the United

States. The heat necessary to the process was the fire of battle,

the fuel was human flesh; the only effective solvent was rich, red,

human blood. Oh! what a scene did the laboratory present

The sickening fumes of powder, the shattering impact of bullet, ball, and shell, the stench of gore; the whole rendered more terrifying by shrieks and moans, cries that seemed to have been

ripped out of the heart, some like curses, others like prayers. And

the! the heat! It was beyond all that had been ever heat,—Oh

conceived in the mind of man as possible to earth. The effect of

it all was to dissolve in the bloodfilled cauldron, to fuse in the fleshfed furnace, the faith, the hopes, the desires of the people, as well as their antagonisms, their prejudices and their hates.

What came from the melting pot and the cauldron? Forms of

symmetry and beauty, which in both outward shape and internal

THE STORY OF THE CRYSTAL 7

structure showed forth order, system, and an approach to the relatively perfect. The ideas of the nation were crystallized, and

there apeared the highest type of national government the world had seen.

Who shall say that from the present deathstruggle in Europe, the great world war in which slaughter has set a new record for history, there shall not crystallize out from the blood and the fire, higher conceptions of human rights, and a truer realization of God's purposes with respect to man? There has

been no dearth of blood, no lack of heat; nor shall the result fail

to show forth the glory of the great Chemist, who guides the reactions in cauldron and crucible, and who shall bring from the gory magna a better realization of the truth that men are brothers and that God is Father over all.

Self and Rum 'Twas Self and Rum—two captains bold—in mutual friendship true,

They met, and tales of crime they told, as pals are wont to do.

With guarded words in whispered tones they claimed Satanic pow'r

The God to cast from off his throne, divest him of his dow'r.

"I teach mankind the art of war; to plunder, rob and kill.

I spread destruction near and far, then make them pay the bill.

I leave instead of golden grain a stream of crimson blood.

My name is Self! my point to gain I slay the pure and good.

"To aim with tact each piercing dart requires a master mind,

One schooled in all the magic art of earth and hell combined.

The feudal spring I now control, for all thus schooled must know

That he who wrecks immortal souls must reason overthrow.

"I take the young with brain and brawn, selecting all the best;

I leave the weak, the cripoled one, the youth with hollow chest.

Should some survive and peace possess, forget in time war's pain,

Their hearts I fire with selfishness, then lo, there's war again."

The other brought from sin's archives his tale of bloodless wars,

More deadly in their wreck of lives with deeperfurrowed scars.

"I study, too, the magic art,"he said, "which makes it plain

That if I would control the heart I must deceive the brain.

"I feed upon man's vital ceils; his frame with palsy quakes;

His mind I fill with thoughts of hell! his brain with coiling snakes!

I ply my alchemistic skill, and souls once pure and fair

Are warpt, defiled and changed, until God's image mocks Him there.

"My wasting curse, when once begun, continues night and day.

It blights in embryo the man who bears potential sway.

INor sex, nor age my conscience stings—no sentimentalist

Though dearly to this life they cling I curse them let them die, "The rich, the poor, the high, the low—my wreck exception scorns;

'Tis mine man's peace to overthrow and crown his head with thorns.

I spurn the blood of battle fields and count it pigmy strife.

shield no friends, no God, no life!My name is Rum! behind my

MESA, ARIZONA M. A. STEWART

The Country Cross Roads

BY ALFRED LAMBOURNE

At one corner of the square formed by the crossroads stands a clump of tall old cottonwood trees, and the clear, shining waters of the canal, which flow from east to west, are overhung by ancient willows. Herbage of almost countless kind springs from

the moist soil on the water's edge, and beneath the surface of the canal itself, the long, swaying leafage of the waterbuttercups, covered with myriads of pale blossoms, too, is as thick as the plants and herbs upon the land. Where the canal crosses the insecting road, it is, in turn, crossed with a rustic bridge and

near by there are a weir and a flume. The upper timbers of the

lastnamed structure are both sunand rainwarped, they are bleached into a violetgray, but the logs which form their bases are richly greened by the passing water, hung with lushgreen watergrasses and thickly cushioned with goldbrown moss.

The summer wanes. The roadside growth, as well as the

harvest fields, tell of the season's close. The lowly trefoil is still

fresh in places yet is mostly worn and ragged, pods hang from the milkweeds, the prickly burrs are russet, the bushes of wildrose are covered with crimson and hardened berries, and the down floats away from the bursted thistles. There are a few wan

marguerites, a tarnished goldenrod here and there; one or two

frayed suns of the helianthus; the heads of the tall clusters of

tansy droop heavily in varying shades of chastened orange and ruddy chocolate, and on the aged dandelions there are balls of silver mist. Yes, summer has sped and the sounds of harvesting

are heard in the land.

But now is the Sabbath, and these sounds are stilled. There

is a peace around. Through a vista of the trees, I see epitomized, as it were, the human life. There is the uncut wheat, the

fields; beyond thestubble and the piledup sheaves—the harvest

fields.the gables of a country home, the mill, the belfry of the

THE COUNTRY CROSS ROADS 9

village church and, far away, a few white spots that I know to be stones in the village grave yard. There it is—Life, Toil and

Death, the Hope of Immortality. That farmhouse has been built

long enough, I should imagine, to have a romance history of its own. There, no doubt, have been births and bridal homecom-

ings; there have been joys and pains, hopes and fears; there have

been festivals of happiness and the ceremonies of sorrow. Yes,

there has been the round of life, and after that, at last, yonder, "Rest on the Hillside, Rest."

And these have passed. While I have lain idly dreaming

upon this shaded bank, I have, also, looked on these: a little

urchin, astride of a big, black horse; a couple of rustic belles

;"what appeared to bean illconditioned youth, a "shuffling Tom

a wellto-do farmer, in his buggy with his wife and child; a pair

of lovers, who appeared surprised to see the stranger resting upon the bank; a big, yellow cat that, true to its feline nature,

passed quickly yet stealthily along the footpath, casting furtive glances from side to side. And then a young man on horseback,

a country gallant, surely an important character at the village dance; and then a very old lady walking, though lame—such a

pathetic figure to be alone such a puzzled, lost expression in the weary eyes and on the wrinkled face, a poor derelict, the wreck of a human being. I should like to know her history; and then

a couple more urchins, and carrying fish, clearly they have broken the Sabbath; and, lastly, a pair of tramps. I had met another

tramp earlier in the day, one to whom my sympathy went out, a man pale with anxiety or sorrow of some kind, and so far from his destination. Yet I did not appreciate much these later men.

One of them was quite evilfaced, as he resorted to the timeworn trick of asking "What the time o'day."I am quite relieved in

mind that the pair passed on. Perhaps the fact that I was careful

to let them see my hand move towards my trousers hip pocket to do in the case.in which there was nothing—had something

lie upon the Thyme and mint, clover and newlycut grain—I

canalbank; I close my eyes, and try to resolve into its component

parts the rich fragrance of the evening air. It is a pleasant task,

yet more difficult of accomplishment than separating the rural sounds. There are the whispering ripples of the canal waters, as

they round some cobbles at the foot of the bank, and the splash at the weir, farther on. I hear the distant squeal of a pig, the

barking of dogs, the lowing of cows, the cackle of geese, and the whinney of a mare to her foal. And then, before I open my eyes

again, the cock's shrill evening call, the boom of a nighthawk, and the plaintive cry of the western whippoor-will.

Then I hear the splash made by a frog, as the startled creature suddenly plumps itself into the deep canal, and I look up just in time to see the frog disappear under an entangled knot of 10 IMPROVEMENT ERA

willow roots, and a bright green watersnake glide gracefully over the canal bank edge and swim to that on the opposite side.

Darkness coming to the earth, and twilight fading from out the sky! Over the one, the flushed horizon, the white, loveplanet Venus, and the sharp, gleaming sickle of the crescent

moon; and over the other, the shadowed one, throbbing in the

imperial purple, the great, golden orb of Jove. There are dim

mountains, too, at east and west, but I do not wish to write their full, and fain would my soul know rest!names. O my heart is

Peace, though all else should fail! Here is peace, peace—peace,the rural peace and beauty, and peace of soul must come from

within. And why, now that my body is rested and my mind has

cleared, should I cry aloud to the stars?

And there they shine. And yet why name the stars?

They are written in classic mythology, on the bricks of Babylon, in the Vedas, and in Holy Writ. They have had many names;

they are called of the gods, of the heroes of legend, and of the mighty ones of the earth. Yes, yonder lights are known of all

nations and spoken of every tongue. And now lights appear on

earth, the tiny lights of men. At the crossroads the shadows are

already black; among the trees the winds of night begin to sigh,

the waters of the canal make a cheerless sound. I will journey

on, I will be a foottraveler on the country road. And, "Peace

be with you,"did I hear you say? Well, this is a peace; I will

live it this hour, though new struggle comes with dawn. Out on

the open there is a holy light; it is spread over the landscape

from the multitude of stars. I will bathe my body; aye, my very

soul in that ancient light that has come so far. Who shall tell,

when my mood of heartsadness may have come to an end, the reward that shall be mine?

A Righteous Woman's Recompense

BY LELLA MARLER HOGGAN

IV—Redeeming A Pledge

"How is she, doctor,"asked Eugene Gordon, as a dark, heavyset man emerged from the room where Mrs. Barton lay ill.

Dr. Kent shook his head seriously.

"No weaker all the time."better—getting "How long do you think she will last?"

"Go before morning, unless some radical change takes place, which is hardly possible."

"Anything we can do?"

"Nothing.""Anything medical skill can do?"

"No. She has lost faith in herself. If she had not let go, as

it were, we could probably save her."

The doctor gave a few directions to the nurse in attendance and left the house just as Ethel Barton entered the room.

"How is mother?"were her first words to Gordon.

"About the same,"he replied.

"And how are you, my girl? I'm afraid you haven't slept

much.""Oh, I'm all right,"said Ethel, hurriedly. "Have you succeeded in locating those Latterday Saint elders, yet?"

"No. They have no permanent headquarters, so far as I

can find out. They seem to be here, there, and everywhere.

They are holding some sort of meeting in the schoolhouse tonight,

T believe."

"Then you did not see them?"

"No, I did not."

"Then I must go myself and find them,"she said, decidedly.

"Impossible!"he objected. But Ethel was already in the hall

reaching for her coat and scarf.

"You will at least wait until morning,"he urged.

"No. That will be too late,"was her decisive reply.

"Then I shall go with you."

"If you desire. Miss Hale will remain with mother until

we return."

"Yes, Doctor Kent will call in again in about an hour and

Miss Hale is to wait for him."

"Very well."

12 IMPROVEMENT ERA

After walking a few steps in silence Eugene Gordon said rather abruptly, "Ethel, my dear. I wish you would not do this rash thing."

"Rash?"she ejaculated.

"Yes, indeed. It is late. These men are in meeting. They

are complete strangers to all of us. And even should you succeed

in securing their service, what have you secured? They are not

ministers. I am told they are mere youths, and ignorant youths

at that.""Mr. Gordon, your speech affirms your own ignorance in

regards to the gospel of Christ. These elders may be strangers,

as you say, yet they are my brethren in the gospel, and as such I understand them and trust them. They may be ignorant youths

as you say, but does not God choose the weak things of the earth to confound the wise. And being endowed by the Spirit and

power of God, even the humblest of creatures become strong and great."

"And you really expect these 'Mormon'boys to heal your mother?""No. But I expect them to officiate in an ordinance, whereby

God shall heal her. Do you not know that as a people we believe

in the gift of tongues, prophecy, revelations, visions, healing, etc?"

"Yes, I know. But, Ethel, I do not believe you realize how

very ill your mother is."

"Indeed I do. That is why I know that it is imperative that

these elders come tonight. God has said that if any are sick

among us, we shall call in his elders, and have them administer unto the sick ones, and if they are not appointed unto death they shall recover."

"And would not the prayers of any righteous man avail as much as these?"

"No. When a man has received the priesthood of God he is

endowed with privileges and power that other righteous men do not possess."

"Thai you are decided in this matter, and you will not turn back?""I am decided. I shall not go back until I speak with these

elders."They did not say any more until they reached the small schoolhouse. When they entered the building Prof. Gordon motioned

Ethel to a seat and whispered that he would speak with the preachers. "No,"she said, "I had better speak with them."So walking

up one of the side aisles, she nodded to the elder who was seated and quietly waited. He immediately came and offered his hand

in greeting.

"I am a Latterday Saint,"she explained, "My mother is lying

A RIGHTEOUS WOMAN'S RECOMPENSE 13

at the point of death in this city, and I want you to come and administer to her."

"Certainly, sister,"he replied. "And what is your name and

address?"She passed him her card.

"Shall we come tonight?"

"Yes, if you will, please. Just as soon as your meeting is

closed. You will pardon us for interrupting your meeting but

the case is too urgent to wait until morning."

"All right, Sister Barton, we shall be there in less than an hour.""Thank you very much,"she said. And then she joined

Prof. Gordon and they walked home in comparative silence.

The doctor and nurse were giving Ethel her last instructions for the night, when the two elders rapped at the door.

She opened the door and greeted them.

Then asking their names, she presented Elders Strong and

Hansen, to the doctor, nurse and Eugene Gordon.

"These gentlemen are Latterday Saint elders,"she explained, who have come at my request, to administer to my mother."

Dr. Kent looked up with a start, surprised at having his case

taken out of his hands so unceremoniously.

Ethel gave the elders seats and went to speak with her mother.

She returned in a moment saying that everything was readv.

There was an awkward pause. Then Brother Strong said

simply, "Sister Barton tells us that her mother is very ill. It will be

necessary for us to have a complete unity of faith in extending our blessing to this sick woman. If any of you present believe in this

ordinance of blessing the sick we shall be pleased to have you come in with us."

Ethel stood aside. Elders Strong and Hansen stepped into

the room. Eugene Gordon rose, hesitated a moment, then catching the smile of ridicule that passed between Dr. Kent and the

nurse, he walked over to the davenport and calmly sat down.

Ethel waited another moment, pleading, praying, in her heart for him. He did not look up. She closed the door softly and

followed the elders to her mother's bedside.

The clock struck two. Prof. Gordon roused himself and

sat up. "I beg your pardon,"he said sincerely, "I did not intend to fall asleep. Where is Miss Hale?"

"I persuaded her to lie down for a few hours."

"And your mother?"

"Is still sleeping quietly."

past.""Isn't"Yes—twoit timehoursfor her medicine?"

14 IMPROVEMENT ERA

They said but little, lest they should awaken the sleeping woman.

When Miss Hale came into the room at four o'clock she was surprised to find the medicine tray just as she had left it. A look

of apprehension crossed her face. Seeing it, Prof. Gordon said

quickly, "No, not that."

"My mother has slept quietly ever since you left the room,"

Ethel explained.

Dr. Kent was more greatly surprised than Miss Hale, at his

patient's condition when he called that morning.

Mrs. Barton steadily improved in health, and although it was

several weeks before she was able to take the journey home, still, all conceded that she had done remarkably well.

The elders called several times, at her request; and more than

once they entered into discussions, not only with Prof. Gordon,

but also with Miss Hale and Dr. Kent. And several times, after

all of the others had gone, Ethel and Prof. Gordon sat and discussed various topics that had not been explained to the latter's

satisfaction. Ethel was much grieved over some of these conversations. One day after a silence of some length had ensued

between them she spoke up abruptly.

"Prof. Gordon, do you know that you once told me that you

had found the way and that our paths led in the same light."

"Yes,"he said slowly, "I can never forget that to my dying day. But I did not then know how much your religion included.

I begin to see now, that it would take a man some time to learn all of the things that your people include in their religion."

"I am glad to hear that confession,"Ethel said seriously.

"It has often pained me to hear you say 'your people,''your faith.''your reh'gion.'but that makes it all clear."

A musical laugh rippled from Prof. Gordon's lips.

"Thy people shall be my people; and thy God, my God,"he

quoted in a babbling tone, almost nonsensical, "Oh, it's all coming, little girl, after awhile; but you mustn't expect too much all at

once. I'm pluming myself for great flights one of these first

years; but you must give me time."

She did not reply. She was thinking of the devout look on

Willard Taylor's face when he had once reverently quoted that passage to her. That this man should repeat the words so lightly,

seemed almost sacrilegious."

For the second time she experienced a feeling of superiority to this man of learning and worldly experience. She felt that he

was lacking in that power and strength of manhood that she needed to depend upon, in her hours of trial. Would it always

be so? When she should have to meet pain and sickness, and

perhaps death, in her own household, would this hero of hers

A RIGHTEOUS WOMAN'S RECOMPENSE 15

forever fail in his heroism, as he had done in this late crisis?

Would she forever have to stand alone, in the hours of her greatest trials and bereavements? Would Eugene Gordon be always

always unable toinadequate to meet the big lessons in life—be

remain in the crucible until the finality of the test?

The west bound express train swayed and writhed along in its effort to make up the time lost on account of a slight accident at the last station. The black smoke jutted out into a leaden sky

and the engine snorted.

Ethel hovered about Mrs. Barton bestowing numberless little

attentions to add to her comfort and convenience.

"Now sit down and rest, Ethel,"commanded her stepmother smiling, "or you'll be tired out before the journey is begun."

Ethel's face glowed with loving gratitude as she sat down beside Aunt Lucy and gently stroked her thin white hands.

"They'll soon be rough and red again,"smiled Aunt Lucy, "when I get out amongst my flowers and vegetables."

"I think Ned and I shall curtail your gardening this summer and limit you to one pansy bed and your geraniums,"teased

Ethel.

Eugene Gordon's eyes closed wearily and he leaned back in his seat facing them. The tedious gray prairie swirled past,

only to reveal a new stretch of gray no more promising than the last. The dust and smoke sifted into the pullman car, through

the double window screens, and the peanut vender shouted his wares. "Too bad we did not arrange to cross this desert in the night,"grumbled Eugene Gordon. "It certainly is tiresome going

over it while one is awake."

"My grandfather walked across it,"remarked Ethel, dryly.

"Walked across,"ejaculated Gordon sitting erect.

"Yes,"confirmed Ethel. "And out there, somewhere, in the

gray sand, my grandfather lies buried. The grave isn't marked by

any stone. At the time of his burial a campfire was built over it,

to hide it from the wolves."

"Yes,"added Aunt Lucy, "my mother left one of her babies out there in the nameless prairie, the same way."

"Of course, 1 have read of it,"said Prof. Gordon, "but it

sounds different on the lips of your friends, than it does from a printed page. It is a terrible tragedy to have taken place in our

fair land. But I do think that the men of 'Mormondom'could

have protected the women more than they did."

"No,"interrupted Aunt Lucy. "They did all they could.

They gave their strength, their ambition, and in many cases, their very lives to the cause. They could not have done more. It was

not a time for sentimental aallantrjy. Tt was a time for work, and

It IMPROVEMENT ERA

faith, and love; and they gave those in full measure. When men

and women go into the wilderness to serve God and build an empire, they have no time nor strength to spare on frivolous conventionalities. Each one shoulders his burden and bears his

load, equally with his companions. And each one does the work

that God puts into his hands to be done."

"That may all be true,"consented Prof. Gordon. "But even

today in these peaceful, prosperous times, I think the women among your people work too hard. Many of them do not know

what a life of ease and comfort means."

"No,"said Ethel, "We do not, nor do we desire to. We want

to do our portion in the work of the world. Besides, you must

remember that wherever you find a woman living in ease and luxury, you will also find one or more of her sisters drudging for her. If each woman looked upon her work as a joy and as an

essential factor in her development and preparation for life, we should have no idleness and no drudgery."

"Now you are getting into politics,"laughed Prof. Gordon.

"We have a right to, in Utah,"laughed Ethel. "We western

women help to make our own laws you know."

"And good ones, too,"consented Gordon.

"I suppose you will be telling me next that your prodgious 'Mormon'families are a matter of choice and a source of joy to

Latterday Saint mothers."

"They most certainlv are,"smiled Aunt Lucy.

"Do you really mean it?"

"Most assuredly,"reiterated Mrs. Barton.

"Will wonders never cease?"smiled Prof. Gordon. "What

do you think of it, Miss Barton, would you be proud of a familv often?""I certainly would,"replied Ethel, seriously.

"Yes, indeed,"affrmed Aunt Lucy, "I think the one work, above all others, that God sent women into the world to do, is to mother the sons of men. Why Prof. Gordon, I think a woman

learns more in bearing and rearing one child than in any other experience she can pass through in life."

"A woman is probably more charming,"remarked Ethel, "who can paint lilies, and sing at church festivals, and write lyrics, and pose for magazine cover designs, and do a hundred other things that pretty women do. But if she can add to her other

graces, some of the big lessons in life she will feel happier and more satisfied when the story is ended."

"I believe that is true,"consented Prof. Gordon. "It must

be rather lonesome all right, to be all by one's self at the end of the road. But then one doesn't need a pageant at one's elbow

either."A RIGHTEOUS WOMAN'S RECOMPENSE 17

"Ten wouldn't make much of a display,"smiled Ethel.

"Now, little girl, that isn't exactly fair."

Ethel Barton disposed of the wild flowers she held in her arm, threw her airy summer hat by, and stretched herself in a big rocker on the cool porch to enjoy her letter. However, it

was not so full of joy as she had anticipated. She read it through

twice, gave a little sigh, and got up uneasily and came into the house. "Well, he is coming, Aunt Lucy."

"Coming, is he?"

"Yes, and I can't tell whether I'm glad or not."

"Nearly time you were finding out, isn't it?"

"Do you think this visit will be the official one?"laughed

Ethel. "I certainly do. Don't you?"

"I—I can't tell—perhaps."

Ethel sat by the open window watching two brown birds, as they carried sticks for a next. They flitted about in wild gladness,

occasionally alighting on a twig and almost bursting their throats with joy songs.

The: r mating and home building looked to be such a perfectly

natural, easy affair.

"No questions at all to settle,"thought Ethel. "And my

life seems to be nothing but question marks."

A light breeze scattered the soft scented blossoms on the grass. She caught a few up from the window sill and tore them to

bits. Eugene Gordon was coming to see her and she could not tell

whether she was glad or not. It was easy enough to love the man

while he was in Omaha and she was in Utah. His letters were full

of beautiful thoughts and sparkling wit. His diction and rhetoric

were faultless. As she glanced over the pages again she could

in fancy, hear his deep tender voice. She could hear his rippling

laugh, and see his dark smiling eyes. He moved so gracefully and

was always so suave and polite. Yet he, somehow, always fell

short when it came to meeting a crisis. What would he have to

tell her in regards to his faith in the gospel? Would he be the

Eugene Gordon she had first known and loved or would he be the skeptic she had worked with so unsatisfactorily in Omaha. She

had one certain guide to assist her in her decision. She had made

a solemn pledge to live true to herself and God. She would keep

that pledge at any cost.

Ethel sat silent so long that Aunt Lucy at last recalled her from her soliloquy with, "Better let me answer the question for you, my girl."

Ethel yawned and smiled and came over and kissed her.

"Wish T could."she smiled, "but it's another one of those

18 IMPROVEMENT ERA

tests, I was sometimes guilty of taking the least little glance at my seatmate's paper or her open book. But it is different, now. The

books are all closed. And my seat mate's answer wouldn't answer

my question at all. God can show me the path of right and

wrong, but I have to do the deciding and abide by my choice."

"Be sure that he shows you the way, my girl, and then choose the path of right even though it breaks your heart,"was

Aunt Lucy's righteous reply.

It was a day madeto-order full of sunshine and sweet odors and singing birds. They were alone in a shaded nook in the

orchard. "The and the girl,"mused Eugene Gordon time—the-—place

to himself, as he sat listlessly watching Ethel arrange a table banquet of spring blossoms.

He had made sveral attempts to broach the subject nearest his heart but "the girl"had invariably frustrated his sentences, with exasperating l: ttle remarks about the weather, and politics,

and nonsensical current events.

At last, taking the opportunity firmly in both hands, as it were, he pressed the occasion to its ultimate possibilities.

"Well, little woman,"he said blandly, "I have come to take you home with me this time and I'm wondering how soon you will be ready to go?"

"Prof. Gordon!"And Ethel's carefully arranged bouquet fell

in a heap. It was so unlike the man to be abrupt.

"I did not mean to frighten you,"he laughed. "I beg your

pardon, I thought you knew why I had come."

"How should I know?"she asked quietly. "You have never

spoken seriously to me concerning marriage since—since—that

night so long ago."

"When you refused me,"he said slowly.

She did not reply. A look of apprehension crossed his face

when he recalled that night and remembered her words. When he

spoke again the laughter had gone out of his voice and his tones were almost husky as he said "But it was different then. I knew so little of you and of your

people, and you knew so little of life. We are both older and wiser

now. Then it was merely a question of religion. Now, it is a

question of life and love and—and—loneliness."

"Loneliness? No. Loneliness is always a result, not a cause.

Idleness is a cause. But he whose time is employed with good and

necessary work need never fear loneliness. As to life and love,

they are two of the lessons in our eternal round of progression.

The earth life with all its experiences is only a phase of our eternal duration. What we are now, depends partly on what we

were before we came to the earth. What we shall do and be

A RIGHTEOUS WOMAN'S RECOMPENSE 19

questions that can not be answered by any one save myself. When

I was a child and could not figure out the answers in the final hereafter, depends largely on what we shall attain to here and now.""Religion, my little girl, religion again. Must that word

forever stand between us?"

"It is my philosophy of life, Prof. Gordon. It touches the

experiences of all time. It explains love and life and death and

the life hereafter. It is eternal truth."

His face was white, but with a forced smile he said, "One may as well try to shake the everlasting hills as to crumble your faith. It is wrought in the fibre of your being,

isn't it?""Perhaps. But why should you wish to alter it?"

He winched. "It is not in the marrow of my bones, I must

confess, and there are phases of your religion that are folly to me."

"Then you really do not believe our religion to be the true philosophy of life?"

"No, not exactly. It contains many true and beautiful

principles, but that is true of most philosophies of life. Every cult

and creed and school and system contains some central truth or truths. But that is no proof of its divinity. I am willing to accept

truth wherever I find it, but I would not care to tie myself to any system.""That is your right, if you so choose. But I think I can gain

and give more truth if I am substantially located, than I can floating about in a will-o'-the wisp sort of fashion. If we find our

places and remain in them the world knows where to find us. I

believe with Burroughs 'The waters know their own and draw

The stream that springs in yonder heights.

So flows the good with equal law

Unto the soul of pure delights.

'The stars come nightly to the sky,

The tidal wave comes to the sea.

Nor time nor space nor deep nor high,

Can keep my own away from me.'"

He arose from the grass, laughing, and came over where she stood. "It is all true, little woman,"he said. "You are mine, by

div'ne right. Your power has drawn me half way across a continent and held me in its magic thrall for ages, it seems to me;

No creed, nor dogma, nor religious cult, shall take you from me.

So 'Let us fold away our fears, And put by our foolish tears.

And through all the coming"years,

Just he glad.'

20 IMPROVEMENT ERA

And before she realized what had happened Ethel was held close in his strong arms. For a moment he was the Eugene

Gordon she had known and loved so long ago. He had come back.

That old love that her heart had been hungering for so long was enveloping her, consuming her. And she reveled in the sweetness

of it all. Only for a moment; and then she was back in the shaded

nook, in the arms of that other Eugene Gordon, the man of today.

Drawing herself quickly away she gasped, "No, no! You have not the right. I have not yet given you

my promise."

""Ethel Barton, you love me as you did in the old days. By

your own heart, by the law of nature, by the law of life, I claim you as my own."

She was pale and trembling. She did not speak. She was

praying for God's help. Bits of her life's experience falling upon

her heart, like high lights on the painting of a master.

"You will be true to your birth right?""You shall be a

mother in Israel,""God's hand shall be over you for good,""No matter what it may cost, promise me that you will be true to yourself and God,""Choose the right path even though it break your heart."

"A little sigh parted her lips. She was saved.

"Putting rel'gion aside,"she said, "there are a few general truths that will forever guide me in accepting or rejecting an offer of marriage."

"And they are?"

"An undivided affection, a marriage altar on which there is no shadow of a divorce court, and a companion whose moral standard of life is as clean and pure as my own."

He winced. She was watching him closely and it did not

escape her. When he did not reply she continued.

"It is what you, yourself, would demand of the woman you marry. Can you not meet it?"

He evaded the question with, "Say, girl of mine, do you still cherish fond memories of that big fellow who tried to take you away from me?"

"I shall always remember him as one of my very best friends."

"Do you hear from him often?"

"I have never had even a message from him since he told me goodbye and went away, more than a year ago."

"Is he comig home soon?"

"I hope not; at least not for another ear or two. I should like

to see him finish his work successfully. Why do you ask?"

"Because I dislike the fellow. And it would pain me to

know that he is trying to come between us, again."

"Rest assured, he is not. I am actig on my own resposibilitv- in the demands I make."

A RIGHTEOUS WOMAN'S RECOMPENSE 21

"Let me go over the list again,"he smiled, "and see if I can make it first,"he enumerated. "There must be undivided afputs polygamy off the list, doesn't it?"fection—that

"We are not discussing religious principles,"she said, coolly.

"Secondly, there must be no chance for divorce,"he continued, in a light strain, as if he had not heard her remark.

"Prof. Gordon, this is no trivial affair. I am in earnest in

what I ask of you. You will please not treat it as a joke."

"My girl,"he said, seriously, "do you realize that you are nurturing an impossible ideal? You surely do not expect to find

a man of the world, cultured, educated, experienced, who has lived with his fellows, won his honors, and paid his way; and who at the

same time, has kept clean, morally. Why such a thing were a

miracle. Even the courts of heaven would scarcely demand an

equal moral standard for men and women, in this age of the world. Why should you demand it?"

"Because, as a virtuous woman, it is my right."

"A right which, if you are foolish enough to claim it, will rob you of your life's happiness."

"Those who are back of me have surrendered prosperity, happiness, and even life itself, in the cause of righteousness. The

mantle of their honor is upon my shoulders. I am not afraid to

pay the price it will cost to keep it spotless, for those who shall come after me."

In vain did Eugene Gordon plead his cause. His pretty sentences and plausible arguments were lost on Ethel. Barton. It was

like bombarding a mountain of adamant. She enfolded her cloak

of honor about her and sat calmly by until he had exhausted his fund of data on the subject.

"I am sorry to tell you,"she said, at last, her face white with emotion, "but we stand just where we did once before; and what

are treading two different paths, I then told you is still true—we

and they are paths that will never meet."

"Then you mean to tell me that it is all over. That all of our

bright dreams of the future, must be surrendered for this?"

"Yes, I see no other way,"she said, huskily.

"Oh, Ethel, girl of my heart, surely you will not send me away again. You certainly will not permit a mere difference in our

belief and standard of life to come between us?"

"It is enough,"she said, controlling her voice with an effort.

"To multiply words is merely to prolong that which is painful to both of us. I see no method by which we can bring our lives to a

unity. We have been trying for several years, now, and have

failed miserably. To take an oath of fidelity to each other, where

there is no unity of purpose nor of heart, would be blasphemous, and it could not possibly end in any thing but unhappiness."

.

22 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Perhaps you are right,"he said coldly. "It may as well be

goodbye, forever, this time."

"Just as well,"she said.

He arose and pulled himself together with an effort. "Eugene

Gordon's exit must be gentlemanly, at least,"he mused to himself.

And bowing low, he possessed himself of her trembling hands.

"It is a long goodbye,"the deep voice said, sweetly. "I wish

you God speed and a safe and happy journey."

"Thank you,"she whispered. "God's peace and blessing be

with you."He touched her hands with his lips, and then his soft foot fall died away in the shady lane.

Ethel Barton had redeemed her pledge.

(TO BE CONCLUDED IN THE DECEMBER NUMBER.)

ELDERS WORKING IN THE OHIO CONFERENCE

Standing, left to right: B. Gustav Drechsel, Salt Lake City; Thomas R. Farker,

Hooper, Utah; Marion G. Stephens, Preston, Idaho; Jno. L. Lloyd, Lund; E. Ray

Miller, St. Anthony, Idaho; Orson W. Wright, Calders Station, Utah.

Sitting, left to right: Orvil H. Thompson, Scipio, Utah; J. L. Good (local elder),

Xenia, Ohio; Isaac M. Dana (conference president), Mesa, Arizona; Charles A. Callis

(mission president), Coalville, James Kay, Ogden, Utah; Oren M. Packer, Riverdale,

Idaho.

Some Conditions of Success

BY DR. F. S. HARRIS, OF THE UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

In preparing the manual of the Y. M. M. I. A. on "The

Vocations of Man,"blanks were sent to several hundred of the most successful men of the West in the various walks of life.

Among other things, they were asked to give their ideas about some of the conditions of success in their respective callings.

The replies showed a great uniformity, even though they came from men engaged in very diverse kinds of work. Doctors, lawyers, merchants, farmers, bankers, railroad men, manufacturers,

builders, mechanics, writers and teachers all united in saying that success in life depends largely on a few simple, fundamental principles.

Probably the one most often mentioned was honesty, under some one of its names. One prominent judge said, "Success in

one's work depends upon, first, absolute honesty; second, absolute

honesty; third, absolute honesty; fourth, absolute honesty, and

fifth, absolute honesty."A wellknown business man said: "In

the first place, a young man starting out must be absolutely truthful and honest in all that he undertakes to do."This, with some

variation of phraseology was contained in scores of the replies.

"Very often,"wrote a successful manufacturer and business man, "young men resort to habits that are damaging and, of course, an impediment to a successful life. They become careless and

neglectful in their work and the feeling of indifference grows upon them to such an extent that they. are not honest with themselves; they misappropriate their employer's business. It has

been truthfully said, 'Dishonesty doubles the journey to success;

a crooked path must always be longer than a straight one; a man

is never so strong as when he stands upright; the further he

stoops the easier he can be knocked over.'Many a boy has developed dishonesty because of neglect of duty; he has gone to the

till and borrowed a dime with the full intent and purpose of restoring it the next day, but the next day comes along and the dime is not restored. He finds himself in the same position, only

worse than he was the day before, and instead of borrowing a dime he takes a quarter, then a half dollar, then a dollar, till it has developed into a crime. The end of a reputation depends on

the beginning. On entering any place of business for the purpose

of learning that business, one should give honest thought, honest effort and honest labor."

24 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Many of the replies placed side by side with honesty such qualities as industry, love for the work, continuity of purpose, unselfishness and determination. These qualities were mentioned

over and over again, till it almost seemed, in reading them, like the writers had copied one from another. Not once in all the replies

was underhanded craftiness, considered so important by some young men, listed as an aid to success in life.

If young men would take the advice of those who have had a broad experience in the world, and have been successful in their business, many a heartache would be spared, and years of valuable time could be saved. Those who are prepared to know tell us

that the road to success leads through the gates of honesty, industry, sobriety and continuity of purpose. Can we not as young

people follow the true road through the right gates?

LOGAN, UTAH

Music

Men make music here from strings,

From brass or steel or stranger things,

Though music is not made at all,

It doth but from the heavens fall.

Music tinkles in the rain;

All but the poet list'in vain;

There's music in the frozen snow;

From melting music rivers flow.

Our hearts are beating out a tune.

Music marks time's flight, how soon

We'll leave the tinkling brass, and go

Where music's mystic strains e'er flow.

There's music in the heart of things;

Birds make music with their wings.

The croons of insects in the field

Do a quaintlike music yield.

The babe upon its mother's knee

Has music in its heart so free;

Has music in its makeup, too, And singing in its soul anew.

There's music in the mind of man,

Music on a perfect plan Which from life to life doth span,

And joins the heavenly choirs.

Aubrey Parker Evolution Arguments Analyzed

BY ROBERT C. WEBB

[The fourth of a series of articles written for the Era by the author, on allied subjects. Each article is complete in itself, but

students should read the whole series. Editors.]

As already insisted, the socalled "doctrine"of evolution, which is to say, the theory of descent, by which, eggwise, all living things emerge gradually from an assumed simple, onecelled ancestor, according to the process of "cosmic gestation,"is properly speaking a conclusion of philosoph: cal speculation rather than

one of scientific demonstration. It is, in fact, essentially philosophy, such as it is, and its tendencies most closely approximate

what, in ancient times, was described by the term "hylozoism,"which is to say, the assumption that the world in its ultimate material is living, and that all lifeforms are its offspring. Thus,

all the phenomena of life, even life itself, considered even as a "mode of energy,"are to be explained on the basis of facts existing in, or supposed to exist in, nature. In spite of the fact that

this is positively not a demonstrated "datum"of science, and is to be accounted for, as a theory, solely by the inborn tendency of some minds to exaggerate the significance of the familiar and "commonplace"into what philosophers term "materialism,"it is argued repeatedly in the writings of such men as Huxley and

Haeckel, and thus allowed to be classed as "scientific."For

example, Huxley argues that "the fundamental proposition of evolut:on"involves that "the whole world, living and not living,

is the result of the mutual interaction, according to definite laws, of the forces possessed by the molecules of which the primitive nebulos: ty of the universe was composed."(Genealogy of Animals). To the same effect, Professor Haeckel, with his characteristic zeal and "cocksureness,"does not hesitate to state that "the

monera, consisting only of protoplasm (i. e., devoid of the nucleus

which characterizes the organic cell), bridge over the deep chasm between organic and inorganic nature, and show how the simplest and oldest organisms must have originated from inorganic carbon compounds."(Heutige Entwickclungslchre, etc.)

Of course, no one having the faintest comprehension of the meanings of words could hesitate to class such statements as good examples of "materialistic atheism."It cannot but surprise

us, however, to find that even this unsugared and nauseating

26 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"bolus"has been swallowed with all apparent relish by numerous professing Christian writers, who have, thereupon, erected the.

modern acceptable dogma of "immanent deity,"as opposed to the thought of a God in any sense transcendent to, or separate from

His creation, and have gravely informed us that the "concepts"of

God, as found in the Old Testament, can no longer be accepted.

Indeed, one "Christian thinker"recently produced a book of "theological readjustments,"in which he did not hesitate to say that the deity considered as separate from creation should be conducted to the confines of the universe, and "politely given his conge,"which is to say, courteously banished. Of course, while

the idea of the "divine immanence"is an essential doctrine of

Christianity, as of all true religious thinking, the fact remains that to deny His transcendence, as our modern "new lights"actually do, means precisely atheism and pantheism. Nor has this sophistical tendency even the virtue of superior comprehensibility; it

does not, as claimed, make the idea of God any more real, or His presence any more obvious.

Such conclusions as the above are bad enough in themselves, because of their logical unsoundness, not to mention the wholly unscientific nature of the thought tendency which bases them, but, even with this concession to absurdity, it would be unnecessary to attack the groundwork of the evolution hypothesis, were it not for the further corollaries of the most unscientific, indefensible and obnoxious description touching human nature, its origin, history, significance and ultimate destiny. And in the miserably sophistical

and utterly unscientific fabric of what we may term the "new anthropology,"the foolish excesses of the socalled "higher criticism"of the Bible, which is primarily a corollary to the new perverse method of interpreting, or rather of dogmatising about, human history, are only a small part of the total befuddlement of current thinking on vital subjects. We may, however, take courit theage from Schopenhauer's prophetic words:—as proved—on

then prevalent Hegelian obsess on, which also led to an attempted remodeling of all branches of human knowledge

"All this is in accordance with the age and must have its course.

In every time some such thing occupies the contemporary public more or less noisily; then it dies off so completely, vanishes so entirely,

without leaving a trace behind, that the next generation no longer knows what it was. Truth can bide its time, for it has a long life

before it. * * * Truth depends upon no one's favor or disfavor,

nor does it ask anyone's leave: it stands upon its own feet, and has

Time for its ally; its power is irresistible, its life indestructible."

Will in Nature: Introduction.

As already suggested, the evident assumption of our current philosophy is that nature, as the subject of scientific investigation, is the only real revelation of God. Tt is not remarkable, therefore,

EVOLUTION ARGUMENTS ANALYZED. 27

to find that its "interpretation"proceeds along the lines already too familiar with all other real or professed revelations. In the

"interpretation"of the Bible, for example, as has been familiar from time immemorial, less effort has been expended in careful study to discover at what precise ideas the writers were attempting to argue than in the baldfaced practice of "read:ngin,"by

which passages, sentences, phrases, torn from their contexts, and as forms of words, merely, have been used to support notions originated in the brains of the "eisegete"himself, and, with the most doubtful propriety to be attributed in any way to the scriptural writer quoted. Also, in how many cases, both in Biblical and

in "heathen"literature has a mere "figure of speech,"a trope, or literary embellishment, been taken as a literal statement of fact, and made the basis of great and significant doctrines! But the

Christian and "heathen"literary eisegetes of all ages have their counterparts among the "scientific"apologists, as who—justthough human reason had not expanded and matured, in the meanprecisely similar methods in the interpretation oftime—employ

nature. Thus, the famous "five heads of evidence"familiar in

evolutionary books, as embodying "complete proofs"of the evolution hypothesis, are precisely of the same variety of method as the crassest example of Biblical eisegesis. Nor, in considering them,

as we now propose to do, is it necessary to reflect so much on the ultimate truth or untruth of the hypothesis in discussion as to decide whether these vaunted "evidences"establish it. Remembering that science can deal only with established and evident fact, or

with such hypotheses and theories as are susceptible of demonstration, we may determine, also, whether we have to do in this instance with science or with philosophical speculation, whether, in short, the alleged conclusion is an inevitable corollary of the facts presented to our notice, or whether these same facts are not marshaled for the mere purpose of supporting an a priori assumption, just as passages of scripture have so often been impressed to the support of a gratuitous dogma, in the traditional process of "twisting texts to suit the sects."

The five kingarguments for the support of the theory of evolution, understood to imply the derivation of all species of lifeforms by the process, as alleged, of "cosmic gestation,"from the simplest possible original form, or forms, are, as follows

I. The Argument from Classification, which asserts

that the undoubted fact of the resemblances, which lie at the basis of the classification of living things into groups, larger and smaller, more inclusive and less classes, orders, genera, inclusive,—phyla, directly to derivative descent, throughspecies and varieties—argue

natural generation, from common types correspondingly remote, and correspondingly more "generalized"in structure, until the basic simplest structure is reached.

28 IMPROVEMENT ERA

II. The Argument from Morphology, which claims to

demonstrate the same community of origin by the similarity of structures, used for the same, for similar, or for varying purposes, in groups of lifeforms, otherwise diverse. Thus, we find the fivefingered hand used for prehension in man and some other animals,

appearing as the paddle of the whale, the wing frame of bats and birds, and, slightly modified by the loss of individual digits, etc.,

as the elastic supporting paws of the carnivora. We are reminded,

also, that the skeletons of all vertebrates present complete homologies of structure in the number and positions of the several bones, and that all insects are composed of the same number of body segments. The argument that dissimilar structures, used for

similar functions, such as the eyes of vertebrates, insects and molluscs (octopi, nautili, etc.,) is supposed to indicate the same

conclusion with similar cogency, indicating independent sidelines of development.

III. The Argument from Succession, which claims to

demonstrate derivative descent, from lower to higher, from the fact that the lifeforms found in the lower rock formations are simpler and lower structurally than those found in the higher, and that the higher forms, such as the mammals and the human species, did not appear, in the form of fossils preserved in the rock deposits, until very recent times geologically speaking.

IV. The Argument from Geographical Distribution,

which attempts to establish the same conclusions, on the basis of the variant forms to be found in the several quarters of the globe.

Thus, certain forms and types of animals are confined to certain definite regions, and are to be found nowhere outside of them, and each continent has its distinctive fauna and flora, which serves to show that the divisions by oceans, etc., have persisted for ages,

and that the lines of variation have been independent. This is

particularly argued from the distinctive fauna of Australia and

New Zealand, which differ very essentially from those of other world regions.

V. The Argument from Embryology, which presents

several alleged structural resemblances between the embryo of the higher animals and the mature forms of certain "lower"animals,, their presumed ancestors, thus making each individual really a "recapitulation"of his own ancestral, history.

It must be remarked that these five "arguments"have been used since the early days of evolution controversy, and that they were framed primarily to controvert the opinions of those writers who denied the fact or possibility of variation under natural conditions of existence. When, however, as at the present time,

thoughtful people generally are quite ready to admit that variation is both possible and actual in the state of nature, and demand only facts to demonstrate that it is a process of the widest significance,

EVOLUTION ARGUMENTS ANALYZED. 29

the essential inconclusiveness of several of these "arguments"cannot fail to be apparent.

In accord with these observations, we shall find that, while the facts relative to geographical distribution may be hostile to the theory that all lifeforms were produced by "special creation"in the regions which they inhabit, we still find no compelling evidence in the direction of any theory of a "continuous progressive change"from the simplest types upward, and, in several instances no warrant for believing in any modification of structure along definite lines. In the case of the Australian continent, for

example, the distinctive character of its animal life is apparent, and, if judged by many facts, the theory that it has been separated from all other known lands from a very early period may be held as the marsupials and the monotremata—have remained—suchto be established. But, as we find, its "antiquated animal forms"

"antiquated,"in spite of the fact that, dating from the day on which Australia was separated, presumably, from Papua, the

Malay Archipelago, and the mainland of Asia, perhaps, such forms have elsewhere disappeared, and have been supplanted by "more highly organized"forms, derived, as we are told, from similarly "antiquated"ancestral stocks. In Australia, however,

the "upward process"has been checked, and no further variations at least, that have established new typeshave taken place—none,

of lifeforms. Why this is the case we are not informed, but it

certainly suggests that such changes as take place through variation are not to be credited to an internal force, or destiny, which gradually conforms the race to some predetermined type, in a manner analogous to the process by which the embryo inevitably matures into the "destined form"determined by its respective parentage. The cases of the marsupalia and monotremata are

particularly interesting in this connection, since they are valuable "intercalary forms,"anatomically suggestive of "incompleteness"and "transition."It is gratifying, however, that so zealous an

advocate of evolution as Prof. Huxley should furnish us with a

partial explanation of this very condition. He says in part of the

several zoological regions of the ancient and modern worlds

"Now the truth which Mr. Darwin perceived and promulgated as

the 'law of the succession of types'is, that in all these provinces, the animals found in Pliocene or later deposits are closely affined to those which now inhabit the same provinces; and that, conversely, the

forms characteristic of other provinces are absent. North and South

America, perhaps, present one or two exceptions to the last rule, but they are readily susceptible of explanation. Thus, in Australia,

the later Tertiary mammals are marsupials (possibly with the exception of the Dog and a Rodent or two, as at present). In AustroColumbia (South America and Mexico) the later Tertiary fauna

exhibits numerous and varied forms of Platyrrhine Apes, Rodents,

Cats, Dogs, Stags, Edentata and Opossums; but, as at present, no

30 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Catarrhine Apes, no Lemurs no Insectivora, Oxen, Antelopes, Rhinoceroses, nor Didelphia other than Opossums. And in the widespread Arctogeal province (North America, Europe, etc.), the Pliocene

and later mammals belong to the same groups as those which now exist in the province. The law of succession of types, therefore, holds

good for the present epoch as compared with its predecessor. * * *

"But it is very remarkable that while the Miocene fauna of the

Arctogeal province, as a whole, is of the same character as the existing fauna of the same province, as a whole, the component elements of the fauna were differently associated. In the Miocene epoch,

North America possessed Elephants, Horses, Rhinoceroses, and a great number and variety of Ruminants and Pigs, which are absent in the present indigenous fauna; Europe had its Apes, Elephants,

Rhinoceroses, Tapirs, Muskdeer, Giraffes, Hyenas, great Cats,

Edentates, and Opossumlike Marsupials, which have equally vanished from its present fauna; and in Northern India, the African types of

Hippopotamuses, Giraffes, and Elephants were mixed up with what are now the Asiatic types of the latter, and with Camels and

Semnopithecine and Pithicine Apes of no less distinctly Asiatic forms."Paleontology and the Doctrine of Evolution.

Huxley traces similar correspondences in the Eocene formations, so far as they were available to him, and concludes that the evidence, on the whole, is distinctly favorable to Evolution, lending itself readily to the theory that present species have descended from past species. This is, however, merely supposing variation

within the limits of the "doctrine of colonies,"types—although

giveselsewhere mentioned by Huxley, might account for it—and

no suggestion of the notion that any of the greater groups has ever passed into another, the very point on which we need conclusive evidence, if we are to accept "organic evolution"as an established truth. Although, then, as Huxley states, these evidences present "no sort of difficulty"to evolution explanation, and

that there is "nothing * * * to forbid"the theory of ancestral relation, it must be insisted that there is also nothing which compels us to accept it as an inevitable explanation. In other

words, although we may allow Huxley the consoling assurance that the facts mentioned may not antagonize the evolution process, they do not establish the theory postulating the process, or even render it more distinctly conclusive.

The socalled "arguments"from both classification and morphology lead to precisely similar conclusions. Science tells

us simply that all lifeforms fall into certain groups, determined by their anatomical resemblances, and, with proper logical consistency, can tell us nothing regarding the supposed origin of these several groups of classification, since this is a matter of inference and argument, in the support of which facts fail through the greater part of its statement. However attractive, therefore, may

seem the various inferences on origins and ancestral relationships, they are not properly science, because not conclusively demonstrable. Confining our estimate of the truly scientific

EVOLUTION ARGUMENTS ANALYZED 31

to what is known and undeniable, we find, in the animal kingdom, for example, that certain general anatomical characteristics are possessed by all its members, and determine their differences from members of the vegetable kingdom, however greatly such characteristics may be confused and uncertain in representatives of the "lower orders"on either side of the line. We know also that

each of the nine great phyla of this kingdom is formed on the recognition of a definite general "plan"of structure, found more or less definitely in all its members, and to be seen in representatives of no other phyla whatsoever. Thus, the spinal column is

the characteristic mark of all vertebrates; the segmental structure,

of the arthropoda, or "articulates,"etc. Such special organs

as the fivefingered hand, teeth, etc., appear as the structural

basis of numerous variations of the general "plan"of structure occasionally even being absent, or so profoundly modified as to appear as quite different they are mere structural structures—but

elements, not organs for some certain purpose, since they are variously modified to serve different and widely diverse purposes in different connections. Thus, in considering any possible explanation of origins and descent, it is reasonable to ask an explanation of the query as to whether the organ exists before the

function is developed, or whether the tendency to develop the function, as found in the ovum, produces or modifies the structure. Such a question is a serious one in, the consideration of any

such hypothesis as that of organic evolution; since the presence

of a given organ, used for widely diverse purposes in several representatives of the vertebrate phylum, suggests strongly that it is merely an element in a broad general plan of structure, which is taken in special instances as the best available instrument for the accomplishment of certain given functions, without direct bearing on any question touching ancestry or derivative variation by natural generation. In accordance with this theory, we find

that teeth are used for mastication only by the higher vertebrates, most others using them only for seizing and holding the food, rather than for dividing it into fragments convenient for swallowing: some also, like the carnivora, use teeth for weapons of

offense, while rodents use them for gnawing hard substances.

Nor is the difference between a rodent and another mammal selfrestoringmerely one of tootharrangement and size—the

property of the rodent's teeth arguing far greater and deeper variations on the primal "plan."The several various adaptations

of the hand have already been noticed, but we find that the characteristic tail is quite as suggestive. Such animals as opossums and some monkeys use it as a true prehensile organ, by

which the body may be suspended; in the kangaroo it appears as

a sort of "third leg,"which can support the body in the sitting posture; in the whale it appears as an instrument of propulsion

32 IMPROVEMENT ERA

in the beaver it assists in swimming, as well as to afford a natural tool for spreading the materials used in building its dwelling; in

the horse it has a good use in switching of troublesome insects in man the small rudiment of a tail (the coccyx) is of use in supporting the weight of the body in the sitting posture; in many

other animals it seems to have no particular function beyond expressing emotions. The hypothesis of descent furnishes no

satisfactory explanation of these variations of function, although proposing various guesses as to the development of special structures. Thus some theorists state that the jaw of the vertebrate

is a variation of the "uppermost segment"of an articulated animal, the ribs indicating so many more such segments; while

the teeth are to be explained as structures similar to the bony spines found on some fishes, for example, which have "grown in."Such theories seem to be mere surmises. On the other hand,

when nature develops a function, it evidently takes advantage of some existing structure, characteristic of a phylum "plan."

Thus, although the hand is the characteristic prehensile organ, we find an extreme special development of the nose in elephants for the same purpose, while in some ruminants, and other herbivorous animals, the tongue is used for grasping and holding the food to be severed by the teeth.

Several scientists, notably Spencer and Owen, have compared the formation of crystals with the development of lifeforms: consequently we may adopt the same analogy, although

aware that it extends only to the evident similarities in two processes of producing definite forms, in which, under stress of favorable environing forces and conditions, amorphous matter assumes definite and predicable forms. For example, in snowflakes, which

are crystalline structures formed by the "congelation of the minute globules which constitute the clouds, when the temperature is "hexabelow zero,"we find a very distinct "generic plan"—the

gram,"or sixpointed whether showing the bare star—which,

outlines, or having the "rays"highly and ornately elaborated, is invariably present. Nor can it be claimed, with any accuracy

or consistency, that, apart from the merest outlines, indicating the general directions along which the crystallizing forces act, the less ornate form, in any given case, exists before the more ornate variant appears in time. Such is evidently the case, since the

regularity, as well as the elaborateness of the figure, seems to depend upon physical conditions, such as the degree of temperature, the state of the atmosphere, the rapidity of the crystallizing process, etc. In such conditions the numerous variants of the

snowflake plan spring jinto existence without previous progress from simple to complex. But we know absolutely nothing about

the conditions in which the first lifeforms came into being: consequently, we can offer as an established fact no explanation whatEVOLUTION ARGUMENTS ANALYZED 33

ever of the variations on the several "generic plans"known among them. Such "plans"must have existed, in posse, in the germs

and this explains why that a developing germ always follows the characteristics in development of its immediate ancestors. In fact,

the whole secret of variation of any degree lies in the influences, whatever they may be, that can modify the germ potentially.

The attempt, so frequently made, to explain the origin of life in chemical or electrical action is merely a presumption on our knowlinedge; since no such "actions"are known to science—not even

the "saline solutions"that, as we are told, can promote the development of unfertile eggs of sea urchins, and other low orders of animal life this is a sort of artificial "parthenogenesis,"not a creation of life.

Have Courage Today

If grabbed by the hand of misfortune some day,

And bidden to wander along in that way

Where all isn't pleasant and happy and gay,

Sit not down to weep and complain;

With a smile on your face proceed with the chase;

Thoughts kindred to fear from your vision erase,

And run to the turn in the lane.

Life's pathway, as mapped, is an uphill affair;

Of pulling and pushing we all have our share;

But, 'tis said, "The back the burden can bear,"

That is, if you know it will;

Yet some sit and fret, or clasp hands with regret,

And say of their welfare, e'tn God may forget;

Thus giving to folly its fill.

True courage from weaklings can never be hurled;

They pining and whining eke out of the world.

Like a wormeaten rosebud that never uncurled,

But fell from its stem as a whole.

The goodness and worth that waited for birth

Were buried in graves, though not of this earth.

But sepulchres dug in the soul.

O'er yesterday's failures spread courage today,

Step mindfully over the stones on your way.

God's magnitude keeps us as children at play,

Scarce able to walk yet alone;

But to smile and to sing is a wonderful thing,

And will heal what perchance was yesterday's sting,

Till our failures and faults are outgrown.

Sarah E. Mittoi

Ward Teaching and Class Efficiency

The following report of the General Priesthood Committee for

October, 1914, is of interest in all parts of the Church, and should be read in every ward and stake priesthood meeting

The work of the teachers and class efficiency are two phases of priesthood work that have been emphasized since the last report.

WARD TEACHING

In the matter of ward teaching, the progress recently made is very gratifying. Statistics of the number of families visited monthly for the past five years show that 31,008 families are now visited monthly, which is a gradual increase from ten thousand visited

monthly five years ago. The work of the active corps of teachers

engaged in the services of the Lord in each ward of the Church, results not only in great social improvement among the people but in the creation of a spirit of loyalty and enthusiasm in spiritual affairs that enlivens every member of the Church and causes a better influence to permeate every citizen of the ward. Furthermore,

it provides activity for every priest and teacher of proper age to act in the work, thus training and preparing them for future service. Not only in the Priesthood quorums is the effect of ward

teaching shown, but also in the enrollment of every auxiliary organization, which has largely increased, through the labors of the ward teachers, wherever these have been performed properly.

The records at the Presiding Bishop's office show that great effort is still being put forth by the stake and ward authorities in increase the efficiency of ward teaching as well as the number of families visited monthly.

QUORUM RECORDS Uniform records are now being used by the Melchizedek

Priesthood quorums. These should be carefully kept, as annual

reports will.be required of each quorum. It should be remembered that these records and reports are more valuable to the presiding officers in the stake and quorum than to anyone else, for

they enable these officers to take once a year a careful inventory of themselves and the quorums over which they preside. While the

attendance at the Priesthood quorum meetings is still far below what it should be, the large increase recently has been very encouraging.

WARD TEACHING AND CLASS EFFICIENCY 35

Every member of a quorum in the Melchizedek Priesthood when absent should feel it his duty to report to his quorum the cause of his absence; and likewise to attend regularly when possible each meeting of his quorum. Excuses may be conveyed to the

presiding"officers of the quorums either in writing or verbally. The

secretary of each quorum should record, in every instance, the cause of absence so that the record may be complete.

QUORUM HELPFULNESS ( MELCHIZEDEK

It is pleasing to report that an increased number of officers of quorums make it a point to labor with delinquent brethren.

This is commendable; for it is quite as necessary to reconvert to

the gospel and to the spirit of the work, a person who is indifferent and delinquent at home, as to convert in the mission field a person who has never heard the gospel. We, therefore, advocate

strongly that missionary work should be done with every neglectful or delinquent member, by the officers of the quorum, or by special missionaries under their direction. Quorum officers should

make at least one quarterly visit to each class, in each ward, under their jurisdiction. They should satisfy themselves as to the qualifications of the class instructors, the method of teaching, and confer with the bishop, making suggestions as to where and how better

instructors, if need be, can be obtained and also where changes would be necessary and advantageous; and then, with the consent

of the bishop, see that they are made. Members often lose interest

in class work because of the inefficiency of the class instructor. A

there should be frechange, therefore, is often desirable—not that

quent changes but only changes for the betterment of the service and to the advantage of the class.

There is a slight tendency, too, shown among quorums to assist missionaries in the field. However, this manifestation of

quorum activity is still very faint. Officers should be alert to

render financial and other assistance to missionaries representing the quorum wherever this is found necessary. They should visit

the relatives of those who are endeavoring to keep the missionary in the field, and if conditions are such that help is required, it is the duty of the quorum, through its officers, to provide such help.

The officers and members of the quorum should consider it a reflection upon their quorum if it becomes necessary to release a faithful missionary because his family cannot continue to provide for missionary expenses. If a missionary's family is not able to

provide the minimum amount required to keep him in the field, the quorum should take steps to provide the deficiency, and see that a regular contribution is sent either to the missionary, or to the headquarters of the mission for his credit where he labors.

The presidency of every quorum should thoroughly understand the 36 IMPROVEMENT ERA

personal financial condition of their missionary members. Work

in the mission field has now become largely an economic question.

It is not so difficult to get men who are able and willing to go into the mission field, as to get men who can support themselves or whose relatives or friends are able to support them while in the field. Hence the need of timely help by the quorum brethren at

home.

LESSER PRIESTHOOD ACTIVITY We are pleased to report perceptible progress in the work of the Lesser Priesthood quorums. Compared with five years ago

the enrollment of the Lesser Priesthood is very gratifying. Where

five years ago the number enrolled was 21,587; today there is an

enrollment in the Lesser Priesthood of 39,292. There are 303

classes of Priests, 367 classes of Teachers and 621 classes of

Deacons meeting weekly. It is unnecessary to do anything more

than refer to the invaluable educational results that must follow through holding these weekly classes, properly officered and disciplined. Not only can the progress be measured in educational

value but in that greater value—the growth of the true religious

sentiment which must necessarily develop through the efforts of these classes and the labors of their teachers.

The purpose of ordaining persons to the Priesthood should be to set them to work in their offices and callings. Where Deacons are ordained they should be set to work immediately, instructed in their duties, and trained for the higher offices of the

Priesthood.

priests'activities

Many inquiries are made as to what Priests can do in a ward.

In addition to fulfilling the specific duty of teaching, exhorting, expounding and visiting the Saints in their homes, baptizing, etc.,

these additional activities for them may be named: administering"

the sacrament; aiding the ward teachers; taking part in Sunday

School and M. I. A. activities; holding cottage meetings; working

in various Church organizations; inviting the Saints to special and

general meetings, especially missionary farewells; repairing cemetery grounds, acting as Sunday School, Mutual Improvement

Association, and other organization choristers; and aiding missionary families.

A very pleasant duty for the priests is the call to administer the sacrament in stake conferences, assisted by the Deacons. How

pleasing the sight of ten, twenty or thirty priests engaged in this sacred work! They should also be called upon to open and close

the public assemblies of the Saints with prayer. So likewise in

the quorum meetings and the auxiliary organizations.

WARD TEACHING AND CLASS EFFICIENCY 37

teachers'and deacons'activities

The teachers should assist the priest in these activities. They

may act also as officers in the auxiliary organizations, and as ward teachers. They may assist the bishop in collecting donations for

special purposes, in keeping the meetinghouse in order, acting as ushers and doorkeepers, and secretaries of organizations. In

many other duties teachers and deacons may act, such as, aids to the bishop in miscellaneous activities, as ushers, messengers at quarterly conferences, and in aiding visitors. A regular usher

service should be organized for every chapel or meetinghouse of the Latterday Saints. It should be the duty of the teachers and

deacons to assist in seating the congregation, passing the sacrament, collecting fast offerings, taking care of visitors'teams, aiding the Relief Society by errands, helping to care for the poor, carrying messages, acting as book and record keepers, and doing other special work required by the bishops. Nothing so develops in the

young man the sense of respect as assisting in the work at hand, and as having something to do as a messenger and help for the authorities of the stake or ward.

CLASS INSTRUCTORS

Class instructors in the Lesser Priesthood should alwavs be chosen by the bishops, and in the classes of the Higher Priesthood, by the quorums themselves on consultation and with the approval of the stake and ward Priesthood authorities. We should not lose

sight of the fact that the ward classes are frequently not quorums, and that they should be watched over by the officers of the quorums to which the members of these classes belong. The officers should

take an abiding interest and watchcare over them as parts of their quorums.

COURSES OF STUDY The course of study for the Melchizedek Priesthood for 1915 is now in preparation by Dr. John A. Widtsoe, president of the

Utah Agricultural College. The work will be a rich contribution

to our Priesthood Library, and the best hope we have for it is that it will be as favorably received and as generally studied as has been Elder Whitney's Gospel Themes this year. Each quorum

in the Lesser Priesthood will have its own book.

In conclusion, we might say, that the progress of the Priesthood work is encouraging, the outlook promising, and the possibilities for improvement infinite.

Respectfully submitted, The Priesthood Committee.

David A. Smith, By Rudger Clawson,

Secretary. Chairman.

Joseph Fielding Smith—An Appreciation

BY J. A. G.

President Joseph Fielding Smith, sixth and beloved President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, will be 76 years old on the 13th of this month, (November, 1914). The

Church accepts gratefully but quietly, the fact that he has so long been allowed to labor in the public ministry for the cause of truth.

In almost every household of the Church prayers are offered up at least once a day for the welfare of the Church leaders and especially for the President of the Church, who carries the main responsibility, yet, the only demonstrations on the occasion of President Smith's 75th birthday, were by those in close association with him.

This is most characteristic of the Latterday Saints. The

official leaders of the Church are called without warning from among the people, and from any honorable walk in life. To the

new work thus assigned them, these men, whether they be young or old, whether it means loss or gain to them, give themselves with all their might until their missions are ended by formal release or by death". From the time a leader in Israel is called, he is accepted

as a matter of course; the faith and prayers and devoted support

of the Saints are given him, but since he is part of a system in which selfseekng plays no part and is well nigh impossible, he becomes only an integral part of the Church with its huge mission of carrying everlasting saving truth to all. The host of official

Church workers must find their comfort in the silent but sure love and goodwill of the is, after all, a most satispeople—which

fying reward.

President Smith has without question seen longer service in the Church than has any other living man. For over sixty years

he has been in the active minstry, under a great variety of callings for 47 years he has held the apostolic calling; since 1867 he has

been one of the general authorities of the Church; during 13 years

he has been President of the Church. No other man is so beloved

in the Church. To advertise that President Smith will be at a

meeting, is to warn the people that standing room will be at a premium. His words are accepted as of inspired authority; his

acts as of an honest man, tried long and severely in the crucible of life.

The confidence of the people in their President, Prophet, Seer and Revelator, has not come alone from the exalted positions he has so long occupied. The Latterday Saints have been gathered

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH—AN APPRECIATION 39

from all corners of the earth, and from all walks, after they had become convinced that the gospel as restored through the Prophet

Joseph Smith is of certain truth. Intelligence rules in the earthly

Zion. The leaders of the people are subjected to searching consideration by the people, and the confidence given them is in proportion to their deserts. It is, therefore, a noble tribute to the

worthiness of the man, Joseph F. Smith, that he is the synonym

for all that the people respect and hold dear.

Surely, this man who presides over the Church, and whose life is as an open book, has been prepared for his labor. If

weakness were in him he would have had ample opportunity to fall. From his birth, the spirit of the great latterday work has

hovered over him; and with every passing year he has been immersed in the history of the Church.

When he was born, in Far West, on November 13, 1838, apostasy, jealousy, persecution and the beckoning hands of untruth were shaking the Church. The Church did not fall, but the hearts

of the faithful were sorely tried, and even the baby, Joseph F.,

must have assimilated some of the solemnity of those days when the Church was being purified for its future work. It was a

preparation of noble extent to sit, in those early years, on the knees of his patriarch father or of his prophet uncle, even though the wide import of their conversation was not understood by the boy. It was a training in steely strength, even for the child, to

witness the homecoming of the bodies of his murdered father and uncle. For.such robbery of the dearest in life the human breast

naturally and instinctively clamors for revenge. Yet, the whole

life of the boy, grown to manhood, has been that of forgiving and loving, so that all may be made to see the truth. Who knows at

what cost the man within has been conquered. The Church has

suffered such unjust yet persistent opposition from the beginning that one wonders that it retains its gentle love for all the children of men.

It was splendid preparation for the man who was to be in

God's harness all the years of a long life to witness the exodus of

Nauvoo. Home and lands, household, property and trinkets of

to be left behind. The driven people were insentiment—all had

the desert with their God, and lo! their faith waxed strong. It was

during the exodus that President Smith learned lessons of faith that never have been forgotten. Their cattle were lost and their

hope was gone, but the praying mother, in communion with the

Source of truth, arose and went directly to the place where the oxen had strayed. Though only eight years old the boy drove an

ox team across Iowa.

"In 1848, when nine years old, I drove a fourox team across the plains to Salt Lake City,"writes President Smith in an album of a friend. That was training for the boy! From the days of

40 IMPROVEMENT ERA

that blistering, dusty journey there was no relapse to a longing for the easy things of life. After the arrival in the valley, came

the toilsome conquest of the widow Smith's farm. The father

was gone and the children were young. Our President, from his

own life, can understand the lot of the widow and the fatherless.

Then, the mother died. The strong spirit and wise mind

could no longer guide the boy. The father had been murdered in

cold blood because he was fearless in the cause of truth; the

mother had died from the strain and sorrow of a life tossed in the furious storm of those days; no material wealth was his. Thus

stood the fourteenyear-old boy who was to become the leader of his people. Men are shorn of earthly support that they may grow

strong in Godly ways The training had been severe, but of infinite value. When

the boy was only 15 years old he was called to go on a mission to the Sandwich Islands. By the labor of his hands he worked his

way to California; by more labor, earned his passage to the islands.

To object or to question was not possible for one who had survived his training. During that first mission the spirit of the work

came upon him. In sermon, by visit, through his quiet influence,

he led men and women into the way of everlasting truth. By the

power of the Priesthood he held, he healed the sick, drove out evil spirits and brought peace to the souls of those who were heavy laden.

After nearly five years he was allowed to return home. Again

he had to work his way. At last he was again with the body of

his people in Salt Lake City, but penniless. The Lord does not

always reward in gold and silver. He was not permitted to remain home long, for mission succeeded mission. From the Sandwich Islands he was called to England for three years; then from

England again to the Sandwich Islands. To preach the gospel

without purse and scrip became the order of his life.

Joseph F. Smith's ceaseless devotion to the gospel did not

escape the notice of the watchful, keeneyed leader, Brigham

Young, who loved with a mighty love the memory of the martyrs

Joseph and Hyrum Smith. It was a joy to the Prophet Brigham

Young to find one of the blood of the martyrs, giving himself to the cause for which they died. In various ways did President

Young test the materials of which Joseph F. Smith was made.

However, the long and hard training of boyhood and the insistent discipline in the mission field had not been in vain. President

Young found him loyal to his family, his country, his Church and his God. Not even his bitterest enemy will deny that President

Smith is loyal.

After some years, on July 1, 1866, a beautiful and solemn day, President Brigham Young ordained Joseph F. Smith to the

apostleship. A year later, in October, 1867, he was admitted to

the quorum of the Twelve. If there can be any talk in the Church

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH—AN APPRECIATION 41

of Christ of earning- a position, Joseph F. Smith had earned his

place in the apostolic quorum, by his purity, his intelligence, his integrity and his activity in behalf of the Church. Moreover,

the people of the Church delight to honor the blood of the

Prophet who was God's instrument in the mighty work of the restoration of the gospel. Welcome was he, when he entered upon

his work as one of the general authorities of the Church.

As a member of the quorum of the Twelve, Joseph F. Smith

showed the same activity that had so emphatically characterized his former labors. From settlement to settlement he traveled, to

counsel, to preach and to take active part in the building of the

West, which was yet in its swaddling clothes of conquest. Vigorous were his words wherever he went. Without doubt was his

faith. His testimony of the gospel was as the highest knowledge.

I le was then as now a fearless champion of truth.

At the time Apostle Smith assumed a place among the general authorities of the Church, Utah conditions were rapidly changing. Many nonmembers of the Church, who had come in

to share in the bounties of the desert made to blossom by the

Saints, could not content themselves with their rich material harvest, but must needs take up arms against the Church. When

the leaders of the Church were charged with disloyalty to the country, when their motives were painted as those of devils; when

the whole system of "Mormon"faith was branded as the rottenest immorality, the people who remembered the days of Carthage and Nauvoo, had difficulty to keep down the cry of vengeance.

Across the weary desert they had trailed, leaving many by the way; in the sweat of their brows they had won the wilderness to

their use, and all this that they might serve unmolested, their holy

God, in a worship founded on purity and truth. It was then that

the clearvisioned, clearlythinking leaders raised their voices in protest against further injustice. Apostle Smith, a man of deep

affections, had fought away from himself the desire for revenge for the beastly murder of his manly father; but, being a man of

strength, he could not submit indifferently to the new injustice that was proposed. The Fighting Apostle they called him as he

hurled back the untruths about "Mormonism,"and his relentless watchfulness became a deterrent power among those who planned evil for a good and peaceful people.

for the cause A fighting apostle he has always been—fighting

of truth. Yet, Joseph F. Smith is temperamentally a man of

peace. Gentle and kind are his ways. A gentleman, is the instinctive appellation bestowed upon him by all who meet him. In

character, voice and manner he is the dignified peacemaker.

Nevertheless, his loyalty is such, and his convictions are so firmly established, that evil may not be spoken about truth, without arousing the lion within him. To measure the ground; to give

42 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the foe full place and warning, to try strength according to the laws of decency, but never to give quarter to evil or untruth is the method of Joseph F. Smith.or injustice—that

In time, the years of toil wore upon President Brigham Young, who asked that more counselors, to act as assistants, be given him. Among those whom he chose for this purpose was Joseph

F. Smith. This indicated that during his apostolic career he had

not forfeited the confidence of the president, that he had won earlier in his life. When, at length, the great founder of Utah

passed away, and the first presidency again was reorganized, the abilities and character of Apostle Smith made him, under God's inspiration, a counselor to President John Taylor. Under the

administrations of Presidents Taylor, Woodruff and Snow, for twentyone years, President Smith, remained as a counselor in the first presidency, until at length, in the providence of God, he became the president of the Church.

The vast gathering in the great Tabernacle, November 10, 1901, will ever be remembered by those present. The Priesthood

of the Church was seated according to their offices in the Priesthood. One by one the quorums arose, elders, seventies, high

priests and the others, and voted to sustain the appointment of

Joseph Fielding Smith to the Presidency. In his vigorous, late

manhood, his eye clear, his voice distinct, his spirit compelling, he was vividly the greatest among the thousands of able men, the flower of a vigorous people, who had assembled there that day.

The day was the fulfilment of prophecy, for many years before, his attainment of the exalted position of the Presidency had been predicted with the voice of authority.

Of the administration of the affairs of the Church under liveJoseph F. Smith's presidency nothing need be said—for we

in it and know its eloquent message. The stakes at home, the

missions in Europe and in the islands of the sea, have been visited by the President in his official capacity. Prosperity, good will,

spiritual power and growth, overshadow the Church. The stakes

of Zion have been increased, the wards multiplied, hundreds of beautiful meeting houses have been constructed, the Priesthood has risen to a fuller recognition of its place in the Church, the temples have become crowded, a new temple is being built, new converts have been added in mighty numbers, and in a thousand other ways has the Church prospered; and above all, in the face

of a most bitter persecution, which has been heralded throughout the world, the faith of the people has increased until it is nigh unto impregnable. If any doubt all this, let him journey over the

Church, then visit one of the general conferences of the Church.

There is faith in Israel!

Not only long but varied has been the experience of this great man who presides over the Church. True to the genius of "MorJOSEPH FIELDING SMITH—AN APPRECIATION 43

monism,"he has been closely identified with all the affairs of the community in which he has lived. For seven successive terms he

was a member of the Utah legislature. When the Johnston Army

pantomime was in progress, President Smith joined the militia and assisted in making preparations to protect the homes of the people.

He has helped to locate settlements and to find ways for bringing water upon the thirsting land. He has encouraged all legitimate

business, and as far as his time has permitted, has taken part in it.

From his earliest life he has managed his farm, and even today, with his sons, is building one of the most modern livestock farms in the West, as an example for others.

Education, guided in schools, was largely denied him, but educated is President Smith. Fie has read widely, spoken with

many men of many minds, and has thought deeply. Of broad and

generous sympathies with everything that is noble and good, he has acquired a culture, which none dares question. Schools, the

public press, the theatre, music and the fine arts have been encouraged by him. As a most illuminating side light upon his

wisdom is the fact that if not all of a family can be educated, he insists that the girls must be given the first chance, for they are the mothers and makers of men.

To those who do not know President Smith, it must seem strange that the honors that have almost overwhelmed him, have all come unsought. President Smith is a modest man. Like all

truly great men he is not immersed in thoughts of his own greatness. Rather does he admiringly place the power he observes in

other men above his own. Nevertheless, and most naturally, position after position involving trust has come to him, though he has

never sought one. Those who must find flaws in the Church

point out that President Smith is officially connected with many business enterprises. Yet, those who find fault with this condition will not realize that men who can be absolutely trusted to

guard the affairs of others as they would their own, are everywhere sought after. President Smith's demonstrated integrity

has brought many offices which no doubt he would gladly relinquish to others. But, "Mormon,"Jew and Gentile know that as far

as President Smith can control things, only honor and justice and simple honesty will pervail wherever he is found.

During the Smoot investigations it seemed as if the whole

United States were arrayed against the relatively few people who, during half a century, had given themselves to the conquest of the

Great American Desert. The charges filed against this people, if

sustained, would make the "Mormon"people unfit to dwell in the "land of the free and the home of the brave."To face the investigating committee composed of the best minds of the Senate and

House of Representatives of the United States Congress, many were subpoenaed. The first witness was President Smith. For44 IMPROVEMENT ERA

tunately, the hearing'is preserved and printed so that all may read it. Matching mind and will and heart and sense against the

great ones of the land. President Smith was easily their compeer.

Read it. Who has ever heard that hearing used as a campaign

document against the "Mormons?"When Joseph F. Smith's

history is written, his mighty contest with the most authoritative body in the land will make his figure stand out in noble relief.

Among the men of earth, high or low, President Smith is never at a disadvantage.

Those who had had even slight acquaintance with President

Smith were not surprised at the evidence of his power among men.

In all his public work he is masterful. He is endowed with high

physical attractiveness, his musical voice is compelling, his language chaste and correct, and his thoughts appeal to the intellect as well as to the emotions. Those who have seen him before the

ten thousand at the great tabernacle in Salt Lake City, have no fear that he may not be measured with the men he meets.

Perhaps the best evidence of the high intellect of President

Smith is shown in his clear understanding and explanation of the principles of the gospel. Men often sink to oblivion in quagmires

of theological vagueness. In matters of theological doctrine the

President is lucid as the noonday light. Some few years ago,

certain men, loving to conjecture the improbable, insisted on knowing what would happen if all the men holding the Priesthood were to die, save one elder. At one of the great general conferences,

before ten thousand assembled Saints, President Smith, in one half dozen sentences cleared up the whole subject. It would be

the privilege and duty of the one remaining elder to organize again the whole Church with apostles, prophets, etc., according to the

revelations! The powers and purpose and duty of the Priesthood

were thus driven into the understandings of the people, as they never had been before. His sermons abound in such clarifying

statements,backed by a simple, unfailing faith that looks for simplicity rather than mystery in the things of God.

Perhaps enough has been said. The man of whom we write

is tender and gentle, and withal does not love much praise. To

him and his families many children have been born. To them he

is loyal with all his power, for he well knows that loyalty, with all other virtues, begins at home. Over his families he watches

with tender solicitude. They in turn love him with an invariable

love. It is common knowledge that when the children were young,

his rest was not easy if he had not seen the little ones properly tucked away for the night. The same fatherheart beats for the

people whose accepted leader he is. The hearts of the people

ache over the long hours he spends in the office working out the affairs of the Church, especially now that he is no longer as young as he once was. But, he is not to be dissuaded. He must see his

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH—AN APPRECIATION 45

people tucked away for the night, before his heart will be at peace.

So works love! and who shall say him nay, whose care from boyhood has been the welfare of his people?

"Has this man no faults?"asks the greeneyed critic. To be

sure he has, for he is mortal. But, this writing is not to show

his faults; and indeed, the writer does not know them, any more

than he knows the full virtue of this man who for 76 long years has lived his life openly among his people, and who is the freest from adverse criticism in his community. Men are not measured

by their faults, but by their worthy deeds and qualities. In the

scales of eternal justice the main requirement is that our virtues outweigh our failings. Curiously enough, the only current criticism of President Smith, among those who oppose him, is that he

is too loyal to his people, his friends, his convictions. Is not that

the eternal cry of the enemy who reaches out for deserters? In

every manly quality, friend and foe agree that he reaches above the majority of men.

Sure is our President of his reward. For him God will richly

provide. Our question may rather be, has he had during the

earth's journey, his full measure of reward? Have we done our

full duty? For the cause of the Church he was bereft of father

and mother. In the service of the Church he has been unable to

use his splendid talents for the gathering of wealth—in our day

he might justly be called a poor man. The ease of life has been

denied him, for almost daily he has been "under orders."Above

all, as a leader in Israel, the calumny and hatred of the Church have been heaped upon him. Only a few years ago, when past

his prime, the most heartless persecution to which any member of the Church has been submitted was his. For several years an influential newspaper, standing at that time for the persecution of

the Church, by means fair or foul, printed daily vile cartoons of

President Smith and equally vile editorials about him and his work.

Every indignity conceivable to the human mind was offered him because he was the embodiment of the Church.

Should the question be put to him. he would answer that he

has had a rich reward. Perhaps he feels, let it be hoped he does,

the outpouring of loving thoughts from the people whenever his name is mentioned. He has been blessed to serve. That is also a

great reward for effort. His life has been crowned with the

assurance, from all, that his work has been well done. That is the

most satisfying reward.

May his health be preserved and his life be lengthened out

There is much work yet to be done, and men do not frequently rise to the fulness of his measure! At the beginning of his 77th

year, the people give loving greetings and good wishes and heartfelt gratitude, to Joseph Fielding Smith, President of the Church of Tesus Christ of Latterdav Saints.

Modern Industrial Achievements

BY DR. JOSEPH M. TANNER

New York's Great Canal

One of the greatest of modern undertakings has been obscured by the construction of the Panama Canal, which is, of course, the greatest event to date in modern history. Its importance is worldwide, and there are those who believe it will make

important changes in the commercial geography of the globe.

This great national undertaking will cost the people of the United

States something like $360,000,000.

What, however, follows in importance as a close second, is the construction of the great barge canal across the state of New

York. This canal will cost that single state something like

$130,000,000, proportionately a greater amount than the Panama

Canal will cost the people of our entire country. The scandals

of graft in connection with the construction of this state canal have been unfortunate, and have obscured in some manner and to some extent the vastness of the undertaking.

There can be little doubt that the barge canal will modify greatly the geography of our eastern states and give commerce a new direction. It extends from Lake Erie near Buffalo in the

western part of the state in an easterly direction. It taps Lake

Ontario and reaches the Hudson River a little above Albany, a distance of something like four hundred and fifty miles. It is

estimated that the actual cost of transporting a hundred pounds from Buffalo to New York will be 41 cents. The actual cost of

transporting that distance by rail is $1.70. The tariff, however,

on the railroad is more than $3; whereas, it is estimated the barge

canal will not cost more than 71 cents. What do these abstract

figures mean? It means in the first place that the greatest resources of the United States are located around the shores of the

great lakes, or, at any rate, not far from their boundaries; that

all the vast millions of tons of iron ore, now transported to

Pittsburg and other manufacturing centers of Pennsylvania, may be carried at a cheaper rate through water transportation to New

York City or its environs. It means that the millions of bushels

of wheat which are emptied into the elevators on the shores of the great lakes will now be transported by means of water to the seaports and thence to the nations of Europe. It means in all

MODERN INDUSTRIAL ACHIEVEMENTS 47

probability a shiftingin the great manufacturing centers of our country, especially in the iron factories.

The advantage heretofore enjoyed by England has been largely due to the fact that her great factories were only a short distance from the seaports; that her advantages of transportation were,

MASS

MAP SHOWING THE CANAL FROM LAKE ERIE TO THE HUDSON

therefore, sufficient to give her the lead in the industrial life of the world. The disadvantage of the United States has been the

long distance in transportation to the seaports before her manufactured wares could reach the markets of the world. This condition will be largely changed. Take as an example the state of

New York. The engineer in his report upon the barge canal

says, that over 80% of the entire population of the state of New

York is within ten miles of the canal; and the geography of our

country will further show that perhaps onefifth, or something like twenty millions of people will be served by transportation on the great lakes through the Soo and the barge canals. It will

undoubtedly cheapen the transportation of grain and livestock and make it more easy for the people of the United States and Canada t ) compete with the Argentine and Brazil, both of which latter countries are favorably situated for water transportation.

The state engineer further computes that the transportation through the Panama Canal for all the nations of the earth will be something like ten million tons per year. That is the estimated

amount that will go through the barge canal the first year it i> opened, and the estimate of future transportation fixes the amount at twenty million tons. The historian portraying this fact sav<

that this single canal will represent two railroad trains side by side reaching 1 from Buffalo to New York'City. The new barges

48 IMPROVEMENT ERA

will have greatly increased speed. They will have an immensely larger cargo than the old ones. The Soo canal has today

the transportation of seventytwo million tons per annum. Compared with such figures the probable transportation through the

Panama Canal would be very insignificant. It does not take a

very lively imagination to see that the way is not far distant when greater New York will be extended a score or more of miles; that

in matter of population, wealth, and industry, it will outdistance

London.

This canal should mean cheaper living for most of the people of the state of New York. It means cheaper facilities that will

increase the industrial importance of that state, and it will not be surprising if factories spring up along the entire distance of this canal. It would seem quite logical that the great furnaces

that will hereafter reduce the iron ore to iron will be constructed along the shores of Lake Erie and the finished products carried from that lake to distant parts of the world. When this great

canal comes to be operated in conjunction with the Panama Canal we shall see a new industrial life in the Lnited States of which heretofore people have little dreamed.

A New Agricultural Empire

It is really difficult to get anything like a correct idea of the immense agricultural resources of northern and western Asiatic

Turkey, the great domain known as Asia Minor. The Germans

recently, or just before the war, reached a treaty arrangement with Turkey by which the great Bagdad railroad will not g'o far beyond that city, southward, owing to the objections of the

English who are absolutely unwilling that the railroad should touch the Persian Gulf, as such a railroad it is believed would be a menace to the British in India. This railroad is now constructed

well into Asia Minor and before long it will cross one of the most productive regions in the world, the valley of the Mesopotamia.

Here in this wonderful valley there grew in ancient times the nations of Chaldea, Assyria, and Babylon, the wonders of the ancient world. For many centuries the cities of Babylon and

Nineveh have been almost entirely lost to the knowledge and interest of man. Here and there remnants of the great canals that

watered these fertile plains may be seen. The only city of any

importance is that of Bagdad, inhabited chiefly by Arabs and eastern Jews. Lately, extensive surveys have been made, and plans

have recently been completed to use the waters of the Tigris and

Euphrates in the irrigation of these plains, which, when properly

MODERN INDUSTRIAL ACHIEVEMENTS 49

cultivated, will grow millions of bushels of grain, millions of tons of alfalfa, as well as almost unlimited quantities of cotton. For

some time the railroad franchise into the valley of the Mesopotamia has been held up through the objections which the English have had to the extension of the road beyond Bagdad. Before the war,

however, agreement was reached between Germany and England by which it has been decided that the road should stop at Basra.

Announcement was made that money would be immediately forthcoming for the completion of the road, and the construction of the greatest irrigation system known to the world since the completion of the Assuan clam in Egypt. The war and Turkey's

desire to abrogate all treaties will doubtless delay the enterprise, but it is to be a world achievement at no distant day. The country

traversed'by this road, and that which will be reached by spur lines running from it, contains almost unlimited resources in gold, coal, minerals of various kinds, and in agricultural products. For

years the Turks have refused all concessions intended to reach these rich resources of the country. When once the railroad is

completed, a new empire will be added to the agricultural world.

Some years ago one of the engineers who was then making a preliminary survey of an irrigation system in Mesopotamia remarked to the writer: "Some day we shall be sending out to the

'Mormons'a request to come to Mesopotamia and teach irrigation to the Arabs and to the Europeans who may settle in that country."For many years the Germans have been emigrating to Brazil and the Argentine Republic in great numbers. It is believed that

when this railroad is completed, if things at all proceed as before the war, German emigration will move in the direction of Asia

Minor and of the Mesopotamia, where modern methods will be employed in exploiting the resources of that wonderful country. It is

not unlikely that settlers of various parts of Europe will go into this part of the Turkish Empire. Indeed, it would not be strange

if some of the more adventurous in the United States also betook themselves to that country, in order to enjoy the opportunities for agriculture that promise to be opened within the next decade to the people of Asia Minor. It is a wonderful country. There

is no country in the world today that has perhaps the same latent resources that are found in Asia Minor and in the valley of Mesopotamia. The heat in the latter place, to be sure, is intense during

the hottest summer months. It is almost unbearable. The natives

dig heir huts down deep into the soil to escape the intensity of the heat from which they suffer during midsummer. In the winter

time, however, the climate is delightful, except perhaps for a week or ten days, when the severe storms that sweep over Russia and the Black Sea reach the valley of the Mesopotamia and cause considerable suffering. The climate, however, will undoubtedly

50 IMPROVEMENT ERA

be greatly changed by the introduction of agriculture. The spread

of the great rivers will do much to bring down the temperature of midsummer, and the presence of large grain fields will modify the intense heat. In Asia Minor conditions are quite different.

There the climate is very similar to what we have in Utah. The

heat in summer is not oppressive, and the winter months are not severe. If after the war an understanding can be reached by

Turkey, Great Britain, and Germany, such as they had just before its outbreak, new interest will be taken in the direction of Asia

Minor, and its development will be rapid and of farreaching importance to the whole civilized world. It will be a new factor

in the production of grain and livestock, and not many years will pass before it will begin to rival the Argentine Republic. Capital

from Europe, after the turmoil of today is adjusted, will flow into that land in almost unmeasured quantities, and the world will feel the new impulse given to commercial life by the discovery and exploitation of the natural resources of this almost unbounded empire.

The Viewpoint

One with unshaded eyes doth view the sun,

Nor fears to bask within its radiance,

While oft the vision of another one

Is clouded by fallacious imagery.

Who sees things as they are in verity,

He counts the cost and weighs his every deed,

And folds about him robe of charity,

To answer other's urgent'call of need.

But he whose lens is dimmed by sophistry,

What knows he of the depth and breadth and height

Through which the soul must pass that fain would be

Forever pressing on to fuller light.

'Twere folly to suppose that sight should give

To each a meed of like enlightenment,

For one hath learned without his shell to live,

While one within yet lieth dwarfed and bent.

Grace Ingles Frost

Does God Answer Prayer?

BY LOUIS F. MOENCH

God's eyes are upon all men; he knows their thoughts, and

he hears their prayers.

From a human standpoint this seems impossible, especially when millions of people are daily seeking personal recognition through prayer. Incredible, as this may seem, there are countless

truths quite as marvelous and totally as inexplicable as that God hears personal prayer, a fact plainly set forth in his sacred word.

The growth of the giant oak from the tiny acorn; the marvelous working of the human brain; the beating of the heart seventytwo times per minute, or 2,650,838,400 times in an average life,

and a thousand and one similar marvels, too numerous to mention, are equally mysterious and incomprehensible to the human mind. Doubt as we may, the acorn grows into a tree; the human

brain works and achieves marvels; and the heart beats without

years even, where thecessation for many years—for a hundred

laws governing its action are faithfully adhered to.

But if the laws that govern are broken, there is no response.

So with prayer. Untold numbers testify that God hears and answers prayers, in case the laws governing prayer are faithfully

followed.

Here is the simple key: "Ask and ye shall receive, knock

and it shall be opened unto you."But the law is also: "Let him

ask in faith, nothing wavering. For he that wavereth is like the

wave of the sea, driven with the wind and tossed. For let not that

man think that he shall receive anything of the Lord."

What a grand principle this is when properly understood.

David understood it when he exclaimed

"Whither shall I go from thy spirit? or whither shall I flee from

thy presence? If I ascend up into heaven, thou art there; if I make my

bed in hell, behold thou art there. If I take the wings of morning, and

dwell in the uttermost ports of the sea, even there shall thy hand lead me.

and thy right hand shall hold me. If I say, surely the darkness shall

cover me; even the night shall be light above me. Yea the darkness

h'deth not from thee; but the night shinetb as the day; the darkness and

the light are both alike to thee."

David, through bitter experience, learned this lesson, even as thousands later have learned it: but, unfortunately, frequently

not until it is too late to profit by; t. The bov realized this when

he accompanied his father to steal apples. The father climbed

52 IMPROVEMENT ERA

upon a stump to see if anyone was about. The boy then, like

David, realized the full meaning of the situation when he exclaimed, "Father, look up!"

A man once had a dream, so a story goes. His spirit left

his body. A guide stood by his side and escorted him to the

gates of heaven. He was there left in an anteroom to wait a

few moments till his guide should return. While waiting he

discovered that the walls were covered with pictures of various shapes and in different attitudes. On closer inspection he found

that they were pictures of himself, taken from his own doings in actual life. He then and there realized that he was "made to be

his own judge."

What calamities might be averted, what heartaches avoided, if men properly understood and realized, that there is an Allsee- ing One who sees them, and even knows their thoughts, and that the deeds of their lives are recorded which some day they must meet: "The books were opened, and men were judged out of

things which were written in the books."If they knew and

believed, how different their acts in life would be

But does God actually see us, read our thoughts, and hear our prayers? In the early rise of the Church, the Lord gave the

following proof to Oliver Cowdery that he heard and answered his prayer

"Verily, verily, I say unto you, if you desire a further witness, cast your mind upon that night you cried unto me in your heart that you might know concerning the truth of these things. Did T not speak peace to

your mind concerning this matter? What greater witness can you have,

than of God? And now behold you have received a witness, for if I

have told you things which no man knoweth, have you not received a witness?"

Again,

"Blessed art thou for what thou hast inquired of me, and behold as often as thou hast inquired, thou hast received instruction of my spirit."

Here, then, is the key, if God has whispered peace to our souls and given us an answer to things which no man knew save him and us alone, is there not here a positive proof that he has heard and answered our prayers? I know not what proof others

may have had, but as for myself, governed by this key, I know that my prayers have been answered, again and again. I wish

life, as a testimony.to g:ve two or three incidents in my

While on a mission in Germany, during the years 188488 this incident occured. When the Savior sent out his disciples

to preach he instructed them: "Into whatsoever city or town

ye shall enter, inquire who in it is worthy, and there abide till ye go hence."In accordance with these instructions, I made it

DOES GOD ANSWER PRAYER? 53

a practice on entering a town to offer up a silent prayer to the

Lord, asking him to direct my footsteps to the house that would be worthy of my message, and where the people would furnish me food and lodging. On one occasion of which I speak, I stood by a

fountain and offered up a silent prayer to the Lord to direct my footsteps. The Spirit of the Lord immediately prompted me to

knock at the door of a large, beautiful house just opposite and fronting this fountain of water. Upon approaching it, my heart

failed me, and I walked past in another direction. After walking several blocks, I was prompted to turn to the left, through a

small gate, leading through a large, heavy rockwall which formed the inclosure of a beautiful park containing several buildings. On

being led to one particular building, standing close by the driveway, I found the door partly open. About to knock, I heard the

most humble prayer to which it has ever fallen to my lot to listen.

When the amen was spoken, I knocked and was bidden to enter.

I found a man who was blind, and who appeared to be between ninety and a hundred years old. He said he lived alone, that his

children had all forsaken him, and there was no one who ever came to visit him, except an old lady. She was similarly afflicted

and came frequently to comfort and cheer him. However, she

was now sick abed, so no one came to see him. He said he had

pleaded with the Lord to send someone to comfort and cheer him, because he felt lonely and forsaken. I told him that the Lord

had heard and answered his prayer for I was a servant of the

Lord, come to preach the true gospel of Christ, sent to administer comfort to the needy, the sick and the afflicted, and to bind up the brokenhearted.

For about an hour and a half I visited with him and explained the scriptures and invoked the blessings of the Lord upon him. When I was about to go, he made me promise that I

would also visit the sick old lady who had been so kind to him.

He gave me the directions, and upon following them I found myself, to my great surprise, at the large house opposite the fountain where, two hours before, I had offered my silent prayer, asking the Lord to direct me where to go.

On entering I was conducted to the sick chamber of a lady, who was bowed down with old age, very feeble, and unable to rise from her bed of affliction to which she had been confined for several weeks. In accordance with the old gentleman's request, and

also her earnest wish, I explained the scriptures to her. After

prayer, in which the Lord was asked to bless and comfort her.

T was about to go when she asked me where I was going to stay that night. I said I did not know, that the Lord would direct me

where to go. She told me of a widow who frequently entertained

strangers. I went to her home where I was royally entertained

from Saturday night until Monday morning. On Sunday morn54 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ing, she introduced me at meeting to her minister who invited me to preach. At the close of the services he emptied the collection box into my lap, "for,"said he, "you have surely earned it."

On Monday morning, the widow not only furnished me an excellent lunch for my journey, but also money to help pay my expenses on the way. Thus marvelously had the Lord heard and answered my prayer.

Another instance comes to my mind. I had selected as my

place of prayer, a sheltering tree which stood near the outskirts of town. At a certain time I asked the Lord, as before, to direct

my footsteps where my services were most needed, and where willing hearts would listen to his word. I walked leisurely into

town, trusting the Spirit of the Lord to guide my feet. After

making several turns, I was suddenly prompted to go to the right.

This led me through a door and up a flight of stairs. As on

the previous occasion, I found a door ajar and, stopping, I heard the most humble supplication ever offered up by youthful lips.

I knocked at the door and was invited to enter. I told the young

lady, whose eyes were wet with tears, that I had heard her prayer through the open door, and that I would be pleased to do anything I could for her. She told me the minister of the little

town had visited her the night before, and made her believe that she was so wicked that she never could obtain forgiveness for her sins, and, therefore, would be forever lost. She felt so disheartened and discouraged that she knelt and asked the Lord

that her sins might be forgiven, and that he would send one of his servants to give her this assurance to comfort and to bless her. When I left she cheerfully took up the burden of life again,

thanking the Lord for his kindness and mercy in answering her prayer in an hour of bitter trial.

One more incident: I made an appointment with a minister

of the Lutheran church to explain the principles of the gospel as we understand them to him. The town lies about six miles distant

from Stuttgart, and is known as Hadelfingen. As I started on

my journey it began to rain, gradually increasing until it fairly poured. I sought shelter under an awning on one of the leading streets of Stuttgart. Here I offered a silent prayer unto the

Lord, relating my predicament. I was getting wet through, I

had no umbrella, while there were many who had two. Would

he not provide me with shelter from the rain? After the storm

ceased somewhat, I renewed my journey, arriving at my destination at about the appointed time. I was kindly entertained,

and, after the evening lunch, was invited into the library. The

minister seemed much interested and after explaining the principles of the Gospel as I understood them, he told me it was

God's truth, but that the world was too wicked to receive it.

I might find, here and there, converts, but they would be very

DORS COD ANSWER PRAYER? 55

few and far between, and my greatest enemies would be the ministers of the various denominations. He knew of but one, the

Reverend Mr. Hoffacker, of Goepingen, who would be willing

to listen to me. He requested that I go and visit him, stating

that he would pay all my expenses. He said ministers were

preaching for hire and were afraid that their little crafts would be endangered by my doctrine. His words were literally fulfilled, for, aside from this man Hoffacker, I found but one other

willing to listen to my message. Next morning the sky was clear,

and never did the sun shine with more splendor. My friend,

who had so kindly entertained me during the night, giving me a good bed and an excellent breakfast, accompanied me to the gate, where he pressed enough money into my hand to visit the minister at Goepingen. Just as I was about to leave, he accosted

me with the remark, "Mr. Moench, have you no umbrella?"

On answering him no, he said, "I have two, and you shall have one of them,"and then brought a brandnew umbrella and gave it to me. My prayer had been answered, at a time and under

circumstances least expected. I told him that he had been very

kind to me, had fed, lodged and given me money, and now protected me against the storm. I had no money to give him

nothing but the dear gospel message which I had already delivered. We went to his library and there in prayer I invoked the

blessings of the Lord upon him, and when he finally offered me his hand to bid me God speed, he could not have looked at me with a more thankful expression than he did. It caused me to

wonder if missionaries really understand who and what they are, and what a glorious message they have to bear to the children of men.

These are a few among the many incidents that give me the assurance that God lives, that his eyes are upon us, and that he knows our thoughts and hears our prayers.

OGDEN, UTAH

BELGIAN REFUGEES DRIVEN FROM THEIR HOMES BY THE WAR

Government Investigation of the "Mormon"Question

A Summary Statement of the Investigation Made by the British

Government of the "Mormon"Question in England

by elder arthur l. beeley, in a pamphlet published by the

"millennial star"

Rarely a day passes but the keen observer can find in the columns of sensational periodicals such captions as: "Beware

of the 'Mormons,'""Capturing Soulbrides for Utah,""Elders of 'Mormon'Church Entice Girls to Utah,""Sleekhaired Devils in Sheep's Clothing,""Local Girl Kidnapped by 'Mormon.'"etc.,

and under such headings an array of villifying accusations which make themselves obnoxious to thinking people. The "Mormon"

elder, according to "yellow journalism,"is a villain of the deepest dye; he is a whiteslave trafficker, and is charged with resorting

to the basest practices to induce people to espouse his creed in fact, he is charged with almost every crime on the calendar.

And, strange to say, these charges are made by and at the instigation of Christian ministers, socalled.

But, says the man in the street, "If these charges are all false, men would not dare to make them!"And further, "If

they are not true, why doesn't the 'Mormon'Church as an institution prosecute the offenders?"

That is exactly the point: Are these accusations true, or

are they false? Who shall say? "Let an impartial tribunal

judge,"says one. Very good! "But,"says another, "whose is

the prerogative to undertake such a task?"According to Professor Anson, in his book, The Law and Custom of the Constitution, "The Home Secretary is responsible for peace and good

order throughout the land by (a) exercising a control over the elements of possible disorder, and (b) by supervising the police forces of counties and towns."Therefore, since it is the duty

of the Home Secretary, let us leave the matter entirely in his hands and await the outcome. Further, we will guarantee to

the opposition that the defendants will remain absolutely mute during the whole trial, so as to eb'minate the possibility of influencing the judge in favor of the "Mormons."Further, we will

concede to the affirmative the privilege of summoning to their aid all the forensic genius in the House of Commons, and grant

GOVERNMENT INVESTIGATION 57

them the privilege of presenting their brief in whatsoever manner they choose.

The following are excerpts from "Parliamentary Debates (Official Report),"published by the English Government:

On the 29th July, 1910:

"Mr. Petro asked the Secretary of State for the Home Department

whether his attention has been called to the expulsion of 'Mormon''apostles'from Berlin on Friday last, and their departure for Rotterdam, and to the presence of members of that body at Hungerford,

Berkshire, and whether he will take steps to prevent meetings being held to spread their views in this country, during the Recess?

"Mr. Churchill: I have seen a statement in the press about the

expulsion of the 'Mormons'from Berlin, but I have no official knowledge of the matter, and I have no information as to the presence of members of that body at Hungerford. I have no power to prevent

the holding of such meetings as long as they are held in conformity with the law."

On the 18th November, 1910:

"Mr. Fitzroy asked the right hon. Gentleman whether he is aware

of the propaganda which is being carried on all over the country by the 'Mormons'with a view to inducing women and young girls from English villages to go out to America to join their community, and whether he has taken or is taking any steps to prevent English women and girls from being subjected to these inducements to join a community which acts contrary to the laws of both England and the United States?

"Mr. Churchill: Inquiry has from time to time been made into

allegations which have reached the Home Office, but no ground for action has been found. I am informed that polygamy is now forbidden

by the rules of the 'Mormon'Church as well as by the law of the

United States."

On the 6th March, 1911:

"Mr. Arnold Ward asked the Secretary of State for the Home

Department whether the attention of the Government has been called to the growing activity in this country of 'Mormon'missionaries from the United States; whether he has any official information

showing that young English girls are being induced to emigrate to

Utah, and if so, whether the Government propose to take any steps to safeguard English homes from this danger?

"Mr. Churchill: My attention has been called to the matter,

and I am making inquiries. I have at present no official information

showing that young girls are being induced to emigrate to Utah.

"Mr. Cathcart Wason: May I ask the right hon. Gentleman

whether he has any information that polygamy is still practiced in

Utah, and whether there is any objection to the girls going there?

"Mr. Arnold Ward: May I ask the right hon. Gentleman whether

he had official information that the United States Senate has reported that the leaders of the 'Mormon'church have practiced and encouraged polygamy?

"Mr. Churchill: T am aware that the matter is causing a great

deal of concern in certain quarters in this country. T am treating it in

a serious spirit, and looking into it very thoroughly."

58 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Later in the same day "Mr. HarmoodBanner asked the Home Secretary if his attention has been called to the active propaganda of 'Mormon'principles

at present prosecuted in Liverpool and district, and whether in view of the character of the fundamental principles, His Majesty's Government will employ means to abate the nuisance?

"Mr. Churchill: I am making inquiry into this matter."

On the 19th April, 1911:

"Mr. Houston asked the Home Secretary whether he has any

official information showing that the German government has expelled 'Mormon'missionaries from any portion of German territory, and whether he is prepared to introduce legislation to expel and exclude 'Mormon'missionaries from this country?

"Mr. Churchill: I have no official information on the point,

but inquiries are being made through the Foreign Office. I am unable

at present to make any statement as regards the second part of the question. "Mr. Houston: Is the right hon. Gentleman not aware that it is

public knowledge that the German government did, six years ago, peremptorily expel 'Mormon'missionaries from Germany on the grounds of their faith being against the interests of public morality:

and is he aware that as late as last year, the twelve apostles of 'Mormonism'who went to Germany for purposes of propaganda were peremptorily expelled?

is a matter of fact that the Twelve Apostles of (Note.—It

"Mormonism"have never, at any time, been in Germany, simultaneously.)

"Mr. Churchill: I have not yet made the inquiries which are

necessary. I do not think there is any difference of opinion between us as to the character of this propaganda."

On the 20th April, 1911:

"Captain Faber asked the Home Secretary whether his attention has been called to the 'Mormon'campaign, whether 'Mormon'missionaries are making house to house calls in Chesterfield, and offering money bribes to girls to emigrate, and whether he contemplates any action against the 'Mormons'?

"Mr. Churchill: I am informed that tracts have been distributed

at houses in Chesterfield by 'Mormons', but that no instance is known to the police of the offer of money bribes to emigrate. As I

have already stated, the whole question is receiving consideration, and if the hon. and gallant Member has any definite information, I shall be

glad if he will communicate it to me.

"Captain Faber: Is it not possible to include 'Mormons'in the

Aliens Act?

"Mr. Churchill: That is a very difficult question, and if the hon.

and gallant Gentleman will look into the matter he will realize that it is not so simple as it seems at first sight.

"Captain Faber: Is it not the fact that no law can touch them

unless they really practice polygamy in this country?

"Mr. Churchill: There is very wide toleration of opinion in this

GOVERNMENT INVESTIGATION 59

country, and it is only when those opinions merge into action contrary to the law that the law can step in.,

"Mr. Houston: Has the right hon. Gentleman received any

information from the Foreign Office with regard to the expulsion of 'Mormons'from Germany?

"Mr. Churchill: They can do a great many things by police action in Germany which we cannot do in this country, and to do

which I do not propose to ask the House to give me powers."

On the 25th April, 1911:

"Mr. Houston asked the Home Secretary whether he has yet

received any information from His Majesty's Ambassador at Berlin as to the expulsion of 'Mormon'missionaries from Germany, and if not, whether he can state when he expects to receive information?

"Mr. Churchill: No information on the point has yet been received from His Majesty's Ambassador at Berlin, but the matter is

being carried forward, and I expect to learn at a very early date the result of the inquiries which are being made.

"Mr. Houston: Is the right hon. Gentleman aware that in various

parts of the country, notably in the North, the spirit and temper of the people is rapidly rising, and may result in rioting and conflict with the police unless prompt steps are taken?

"Mr. Speaker: That does not arise out of a question about

'Mormonism'in Germany."

On the 8th May, 1911:

"Mr. Houston asked the Home Secretary whether he has yet received any reply from the British Ambassador at Berlin as to the expulsion of 'Mormon'missionaries from Germany; if so, will he state

the nature of the reply; if the German Government have to deal

with 'Mormon'missionaries in Germany, does he propose to adopt similar measures in Great Britain; or, if not, whether he will introduce legislation prohibiting 'Mormon'propaganda in Great Britain,

and the nature of such legislation?

"Mr. Churchill: A reply has now been received from the British

Ambassador at Berlin to the effect that no special legislative measures for prohibiting or restricting the 'Mormon'propaganda have been adopted in Germany. Steps are taken by the police to expel any

foreign members of the sect who may render themselves obnoxious in any way, but, as I have already stated in this House, the police in

Germany have a great many powers that are not possessed by the police in this country. I am not yet in a position to state the full

result of my inquiries with regard to 'Mormon'propaganda in this country and America, but I have not so far discovered any ground for legislative action in the matter.

"Mr. Houston: Is the right hon. Gentleman aware that the hostility to this propaganda is growing rapidly in this country, and that

in some instances benches of magistrates are so sympathetic with the rioters that they have dismissed the complaints against them made by the police?

"Mr. Churchill: I think anything in the nature of rowdyism and

mob action ought to be sternly suppressed by those responsible for the maintenance of the peace."

From the above citations it is obvious that the chief indictment asramst the "Mormon"elder in Great Britain is that he

60 IMPROVEMENT ERA

is bribing and secretly inducing English girls and women to emigrate to Utah for immoral purposes. It is interesting to note,

however, what the law has to say in this regard, and I therefore refer to The Criminal Law Amendment, Act, 1885 (48 and 49

Vict., chapter 69, Sec. 2), which says:

"Any person who procures or attempts to procure any woman or girl to leave her usual place of abode in the United Kingdom (such place not being a brothel), with intent that she may, for the purposes of prostitution, become an inmate of a brothel within or without the Queen's dominions, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and being convicted thereof shall be liable at the discretion of the court to be imprisoned for any term not exceeding two years, with or without hard labor."

Referring to this identical clause The Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1912 (2 and 3 Geo. 5, chapter 20, Sec. 1), says:

"A constable may take into custody without a warrant, any person whom he shall have good cause to suspect of having committed, or of attempting to commit, any offense against section two of the Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1885 (which relates to procuration and attempted procuration)."

Is it not reasonable to suppose, therefore, that if there existed an atom of truth in the indictment, that the laws just quoted and others would have been used in the suppression of the "Mormon"propaganda in this country? The fact is, on the other

hand, that during the 77 years that the "Mormon"elder has proselyted in the British Isles not a single case has been proved nor has one yet arisen.

The fact that no mention of the "Mormon"question has been made in the House of Commons since the 8th of May, 1911, until the present time, proves that Mr. Churchill's statement on that

date was accepted as final. But since, on the other hand, his

conclusion was preceded by the clause, "I am not yet in a position to state the full result of my inquiries,"there still remained the possibility of the appearance of further evidence which might modify this conclusion. With this idea in view the following

letter was penned Durham House, 295 Edge Lane, Liverpool, May 14th, 1914.

Sir: On the 8th of May, 1911, the Secretary of State for Home

Affairs, Mr. Winston Churchill, made the following statement in the

House of Commons: "I am not yet in a position to state the full

result of my inquiries with regard to 'Mormon'propaganda in this country and America, but I have not so far discovered any ground for legislative action in the matter."

I am desirous of ascertaining the conclusions drawn, or the result of the inquiries on the "Mormon"question, spoken of above, and should therefore deem it a favor to receive an official copy of same.

In the event that this is not available, could the records contain-

.. r')

GOVERNMENT INVESTIGATION 61

ing such facts be viewed by appointment, and could citations be made to some reliable periodical containing the facts in the case?

Thanking you in anticipation of this favor, and apologizing for this intrusion upon your valuable time,

I am, Sir, Yours sincerely, (Signed) Arthur. L. Beeley.

Rt. Hon. Reginald McKenna, K. C.,

Home Office, Whitehall, London, S. W.

The following letter was received in reply

Home Office, Whitehall, 22nd May, 1914.

Sir: In reply to your letter of the 14th instant, with reference to

the 'Mormon'propaganda in this country and in America, I am directed by the Secretary of State to say that no official report has been published, but that the extensive enquiries which were made did not reveal any grounds for legislative action.

The Secretary of State regrets that it would be contrary to practice to accede to your request to be allowed to see the official records dealing with this matter.

I am, Sir, Your obedient Servant, (Signed) A. J. Eagleston.

Arthur L. Beeley, Esq.,

Durham House, 295 Edge Lane, Liverpool.

The only difference between Mr. Churchill's conclusion of

May 8th, 1911, and the statement in the letter of May 22nd, 1914, is the inclusion in the latter of the phrase "extensive inquiries."

Referring again to the prescribed powers of the Secretary of

State, Professor Alpheus Todd in his treatise, Parliamentary

Government in England, says: "In addition to his prescribed

police powers, large statutory authority has been assigned to the

Home Secretary. He has a direct controlling power over the

administration of justxe and police in all the municipal boroughs."

It is apparent, therefore, that the "extensive enquiries"would be made through the very effective channels'at the disposal of the Home Secretary, viz., the different police forces. Now, it is

an absolute fact, and has later become common knowledge, that the various police forces throughout the United Kingdom were instructed to make full inquiries into these allegations and to report their findings to the Home Office. The fact that eight different members of Parliament, each representing different constituencies, brought the matter before the attention of the House

of Commons, is further proof that the inquiries would be thorough and universal, i. e., not confined to any one part of the country.

62 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The fact that the question was debated eight times within nine months on the floor of the House of Commons is further evidence that the question had become an aggravated one and would be dealt with "very thoroughly,"as Mr. Churchill promised. Again,

the fact, as stated by Mr. Churchill on the 18th of November,

1911, that the allegations which reached the Home Office were inquired into and no ground for action found, is an additional reason for believing that the inquiries would be thoroughgoing.

In this connection let it be borne in mind that Mr. Churchill, on

the 20th April, 1911, stated that "the whole question is receiving consideration,"and on the 6th of March, 1911, said: "I am

treating it in a serious spirit, and looking into it very thoroughly."

Now, then, in the light of these facts, the conclusion drawn by Mr. Churchill in May, 191 l r and the declaration of the Home

Secretary, so recent as May. 22nd, 1914, to the effect "that the

extensive inquiries which were made did not reveal any grounds for legislative action,"prove conclusively that such allegations are untrue. And what is very remarkable is the fact that. Mr.

Winston Churchill made this statement and reached this conclusion in spite of himself, for on the 19th of April, 1911, he implied that he himself regarded the "Mormon"propaganda as dangerous. Now, then, since, as Professor Todd further points

out, that "he (the Home Secretary) himself is a magistrate, and exercises a power to examine and commit for trial persons charged with offenses against the State,"is it not only reasonable to suppose that in the exercise of this power and duty he would have committed for trial and punished most rigorously any and all offenders; and further, is not the argument also tenable that

he undoubtedly would have proposed and introduced "effective legislation?"

The judge has rendered his decision, dear reader. The

court of last appeal, after "extensive inquiries,"has awarded in favor of the silent defendants. The "Mormon"elder is exonerated, and the falsifier, in spite of his prejudice, calumny and invective, has been ignominiously defeated.

The question logically raises itself here: What can be said

of our accusers who persist in the circulation of these charges, who reject the findings of their own government, and thereby insult it by tacitly implying that the British government is aiding, abetting and conniving at the alleged infamous practices of the "Mormon"Church? Such a man is either an ignoramous or

a prevaricator of the first water, and we care not which horn of the dilemma he chooses.

LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND Value of True Education

BY EDITH E. SMITH

Education is the systematic development and cultivation of.

the normal powers of intellect, feeling and conduct, so as to render them efficient in some particular pursuit, profession or vocation, or, for life in general. There are two grand divisions of education: the theoretical, and the practical. Theory teaches us the

necessity and beauty of education. Practice demonstrates to us

the utility and value of it, and how best to apply it in the activities of life. Practice leads to the doing of the things themselves,

taking from the basic themes of theory the principles which reproduce in substance the real facts. Both theory and practice

are useful, and, in a matter of scientific relation, one is not without the other—they are interdependent.

However, true education does not apply to booklearning alone. We may be well versed in booklore, having assimilated

all we have read and having received all the degrees usually given in colleges and universities, and yet be impractical and utterly incapable of using the theoi etical knowledge thus obtained. There

is a proverb which says: "We learn to do by doing,"but this is

true only when the thing undertaken is intelligently done. We

shall make very little or no progress in our labor, if the thing we do be repeated always in a halfhearted or incorrect way. There

must be intelligent application of our theories, or our learning will be in vain. Another wellknown proverb says: "Practice

makes perfect;"yes, providing that in our practice we employ

the needed wisdom and by the necessary application correct our mistakes so far as possible in each succeeding attempt. Otherwise practice may, instead of helping us to reach the goal of perfection at which we aim, bind upon us with bands like steel, evil

habits that cannot be readily broken, but which become the stronger at each repetition.

It remains to be seen how each of us may apply or use the knowledge we have received while attending school. The way

has been faithfully pointed out by our teachers, in the daily pursuit of our studies. We may discern, though dimly, in the vision

of the future, the many opportunities that will present themselves,in which we may put into practice, for the betterment of mankind, the knowledge of the truths we have acquired. Let us

Valedictory address, class of 1914, Latterday Saints University, Salt

Lake City.

64 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ever keep in mind the inspiring motto adopted by onr school "The glory of God is intelligence."

"Knowledge is power,"but while this is true, if our knowledge be used for the advancement of evil, and the power gained through our knowledge be turned to the destruction of the liberties of others, or the overthrow of truth, great shall be the condemnation that shall follow. Knowledge is not given us to be

abused, or for the oppression of our fellows, but to bring to pass our own advancement and exaltation, both here and hereafter, and to aid us in helping others to attain the same worthy end.

An exaltation that is everlasting can be gained only in harmony with principles of fundamental truth and by obedience to them.

No education will lead to perfection without abiding faith in God.

For the ways of the Lord are not discerned by the spirit of man, but, as Paul said: "The natural man receiveth not the things of

the spirit of God; for they are foolishness unto him; neither can

he know them because they are spiritually discerned."(I Cor.

2:14.) This important fact has been lost sight of in the world. The

course of study as outlined in the leading colleges of our land, discards the most essential feature of a truly liberal education faith in our Creator and the acknowledgment of his handiwork so abundantly manifest throughout the universe. Men are trained

today to search out things wholly by and through the wisdom of man. They reject the help so freely offered by the MasterTeacher to all who earnestly and prayerfully seek Him, and they

are therefore "ever learning, and never able to come to the knowledge of the truth."Modern education, as it is imparted in many

schools, deals almost exclusively with the intellectual and physical development of man. The training of the intellect may develop

great ability in man in various directions. He may rise to great

prominence in the world, be honored because of the accuracy of h: s judgment and his superior mental conceptions. He may attain

exceptional power to command or direct in the world's great movements, or become distinguished as a genius among his fellows for his masterful talent as an inventor, a discoverer of hidden secrets invaluable to the world; or as a surgeon, become so skilled

in the use of the scalpel as to startle mankind by the wonderful operations he performs. Yet, he may be utterly devoid of moral

and religious training, and totally lacking in spirituality or faith in God; therefore intellectual development alone is not true education.

Moral education, while good and worthy, is also lacking if not coupled with faith in the Lord and acceptance of all his laws.

A man may be strictly moral, that is, living in harmony with the moral code; he may be honest, truthful, virtuous; he may respect the rights of others, be a good neighbor and citizen, be

VAI.L'K of TRUE KDUCATION 65

guilty of no wrongdoing, particularly, and yet not accomplish much that is good. 1 [e may do all this and still he a nonbeliever

in Divine Providence, rejecting the higher laws by which salvation is attained. In the words of the Savior, having "omitted

the weightier matters of the law, judgment, mercy and faith"which he "ought to have done and not leave the others undone."

parts The essential characteristics of a true education—the

that are vital, and hence most valuable and most earnestly to be been eliminated from many schools, and manydesired,—have

foolish theories have been substituted in their stead. This modern intellectual education, in which the spiritual is never found and

the moral seldom found, may develop men of exceptional strength in all worldly pursuits, but it will, while doing so, make of them agnostics or worse. It has the tendency to develop in their minds

a profound regard for the absurd theories of materialistic evolution, which contradict and belittle the revealed truth of the divine origin of man; it may develop in them a deepseated contempt

for the miraculous declarations of the Scriptures, and the inclination to ridicule the revealed word of the Lord. But it will never

develop in their souls abiding faith in God, and therefore, like the manmade wisdom of the mighty, it shall perish from the earth.

Physical strength and perfections of form, will not bring man unto his Redeemer. Moral education will not save him, and the

intellectual, if not controlled and guided in the proper channel, may prove to him a curse. The spiritual development must be

coupled and interlinked with these to bring to pass a perfect education. It is far better to be guided humbly by the Spirit of

the Lord, who will show us things to come; who will guide us

into all truth; and teach us the things of the Father; than to be

renowned among the children of men, and to accept homage from them merely because of our great learning. We should be thankful, indeed, for the privilege presented to us in being instructed

in a school where the fear of the Lord can be found, and the various branches leading to a perfect education are imparted.

True education broadens our views and creates a desire to be of service to humanity. It creates in us reverence for things

divine, and causes us to forget our natural selfishness and seek only the real and worthy things in life. It enables us to see the

beauty and blessings in the handiwork of the Creator, and in humble thankfulness to bowbefore his infinite intelligence and wisdom, and with grateful hearts acknowledge his everlasting power. It makes us obedient to his will, for we realize, with the

Psalmist, that justice and judgment are the habitation of his throne, and mercy and truth go before his face. "Blessed is the

people that know the joyful sound: They shall walk, O Lord, in

the light of thy countenance."

True education leads to unselfish service in the interest of 66 IMPROVEMENT ERA

mankind. There is no greater, no nobler, work than to labor for

the uplift of our fellow men. There is no joy equal to that which

comes from the knowledge that we have been of useful service in the reclamation or betterment of the world. Our Heavenly

Father and his beloved Son, have given us the best example of: "For God so loved the world, that he gave this truth. We read

his Only Begotten Son that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.". And the sacrifice thus

offered in our behalf, has made it possible for us, through the proper application of our time and humble obedience to the divine will made manifest in the world, eventually to attain the goal of ultimate perfection. Such result, it is true, cannot be accomplished while mortal life endures, but since here we lay the

foundation on which our eternal career shall rest, it behooves us one and all, to lay the foundation strong and deep in principles of everlasting truth. We are informed that the knowledge we

attain unto in this life will rise with us in the resurrection from the dead, and the greater the knowledge we obtain, provided it be joined with righteousness, the greater will be our advantage in the world to come. And thus may we go on step by step, until,

as the redeemed sons and daughters of God, we shall "receive of his fulness and of his glory."Then shall we realize the fulfilment

of the Savior's commandment: "Be ye therefore perfect, even

as your Father which is in heaven is perfect."

David Starr Jordan says: "The whole of your life is spent

in your own company, and only the educated man is good company for himself. A young man or woman who is aiming at

nothing, is already dead."If the education be based on correct

principles, this is true. This does not mean that a person must

spend all his life in school. His education may be limited, but if

he is able to put into practice the things which he knows are right and needful, he is not only good company for himself, but fit for the companionship of the mighty.

Many great men who were truly educated, were denied the privilege of attending school. A striking illustration of this is

found in the life of the Prophet Joseph Smith. He was not

taught in the public schools or colleges; but who will say that he

was not truly educated? He was taught by the greatest Teacher

of all, and his wisdom far surpassed the understanding of his day.

Yes, even now, we comprehend but a small portion of what the

Lord revealed to him.

It is true that ignorance, like sin, is death, for, said the Lord through this servant of the latterday dispensation: "It is impossible for a man to be saved in ignorance."

Let us, therefore, not think that after a few brief years in school, our education is practically completed. We stand to day

barely on the threshold of higher and nobler things. Our educa-

VALUE OF TRUE EDUCATION 6/

tion has scarcely begun. Some of us may go from here to take

up grave duties in the battle of life. Others may seek further

knowledge in higher schools of learning. Whatever it be that

we undertake, let us see to it that the foundation on which we build is well laid, that the structure we rear shall be everlasting.

And, remember, that which is not built on truth shall be thrown down and perish; for in the consummation of all things, only the

truth, like pure gold refined in the fire and tried in the crucible, shall remain. "For wisdom is better than rubies, and all the

things that may be desired are not to be compared with it. I,

wisdom, shall dwell with prudence, and find out knowledge with witty invention. * * I love them that love me; and those that

seek me early shall find me. Riches and honor are with me, yea,

durable riches and r'ghteousness. My fruit is better than gold,

yea, than fine gold; and my revenue than choice silver. I lead in

the way of righteousness, and in the midst of the paths of judgment, that I may cause those that love me to inherit substance and I will fill their treasures."So said Solomon, the wise king

of Israel. Therefore, let wisdom be our portion and let all our

learning be founded on the everlasting Truth, that we may be strong to resist evil and overcome the foolish things of the world.

The class of 1914 can in no better way express their feelings on leaving this school than by repeating the following verse "We have feelings of sadness and longing. That are not akin to pain,

But resemble sorrow only As the mist resembles rain."

We thank you, our teachers, with the deepest feelings of appreciation, for the manifold blessings which we have been the recipients of at your hands, for the unselfish devotion to our interests and wellbeing; and, above all, for the wonderful spiritual

uplift which has always characterized every department of our school.

Vocation Supervisor W. S. Burton to the left; center and right, Orson

Raymond and Orson Raymond Jr., Menan, Idaho.

Training] for Leadership

The General Boards of Y. M. and Y. L. M. I. A. have made

arrangements with five of the leading Church schools, the Brigham Young University, Provo; the Brigham Young College,

Logan; the Snow Academy, Ephraim; the Weber Academy,

Ogden; and the Fielding Academy, Paris, Idaho, to give a special

M. I. A. Normal Course, lasting six weeks, to begin November

9 and to end December 18. This will provide a wonderful opportunity for M. I. A. officers to prepare themselves, for leadership.

The benefits that will come home to the ward organizations will

SOME NORTH WEBER STAKE Y. M. M. T. A. WORKERS AND BOY SCOUTS

On the summit of Observatory Peak, sometimes called Mt. Ogden, just east of Ogden

City, 9,600 feet above sea level. We have boys for a thousand patrols, and they need

leadership. Be a missionary in the work and attend either the six weeks'course, or the

three days'course in the Church schools.

depend largely upon the type of officers or members who attend these courses, and their native power to lead. Tuition for the

course, $6.00.

is also being in- A special threeday educational campaign augurated to be carried on free in other Church schools throughout the Church. Field Secretary Oscar A. Kirkham and Scout

Commissioner Dr. John H. Taylor, of the Y. M. M. I. A., and

Miss Clarissa A. Beesley and Mrs. Emily C. Adams of the Y. L.

TRAINING FOR LEADERSHIP 69

M. I. A. will fill these appointments giving instruction calculated

to prepare young men and young women for leadership in the

Mutual Improvement Associations. In these three days'sessions

general and detailed instruction in M. I. A. work will be given,

designed to prepare leaders in the various activities of our organizations. A careful plan has been outlined covering the work for

the three days. It is requested that both the Y. M. and Y. L. M.

I. A. of each ward should have at these special sessions one or

more capable leaders willing to take up this work with the young people in their various wards. Stake superintendents and presidents of wards are requested to select competent representatives

for this work. The outlines of the courses follow

THE SIXWEEKS'COURSE 1. Course in Organization and Management.—One period per week.

Texts, "Y. M. M. I. A. Hand Book"and "Y. L. M. I. A. Instruction to

Officers.''This course is designed to familiarize the students with

details of organization and management, relation of ward officers to stake and general board officers, duties and functions of officers of ward, stake and general board, and questions of discipline and leadership. The exact

functions of these organizations will be considered so that the actual work of the Mutual Improvement Associations may be known, and the relation they bear to other auxiliary organizations.

2. Music.—Five

hours a week. This

course is partly designed to give the students a reading knowledge of music, and familiarize them with our Church hymns.

Considerable memoriMT. TIMPANOGOSzation of hymns will be

required. Lectures will As seen by the M. I. A. Boy Scouts of American Fork

be given on such sub- C Troop 1, Clifford E. Young, scoutmaster), who rejects as, suitable music centlyJevationmadeis nearlythe ascent,twelveas thousandthey nearedfeet.the summit. The

for weekly meeting's, preparation of special programs, conducting singing exercises, details of contest work, etc. Demonstrations and lectures will be given by

the instructor, following which students will be required to do practice teaching in music.

3. First Aid to Injured.—Two periods per week. Text, Miner's

"Red Cross First Aid to Injured."One period will be spent in lecture

70 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and demonstrations, the other period will be actual practice work by students. The course consists of attaining a knowledge of the treatment of emergencies and accidents in the home, on the street, in

vocational pursuits, and on the athletic field. The practical work will

consist of bandaging, application of splints, and tourniquets, and transportation of injured, covering the requirement of the three grades of scout craft.

4. Scout Craft.—Four periods per week. Texts, "Y. M. M. I. A.

Hand Book,""Boy Scouts of America,""Hand Book for Boys,"and "Hand Book for Scout Masters."This course is designed to give a

history of the movement, to familiarize the student with wood craft and camp construction, with signaling, nature study, photography, scout games, Indian signs, cookery, organization and management of patrols, covering all the scout requirements in the three degrees of scoufcraft. Regular weekly hikes will be a part of the course. Demonstrations and practice constitute much of the work.

5. Reading Course, Short Story, and Retold Story Course.—Five

periods per week. Text books outlined by the General Board for the

annual reading courses, choice, short stories, and any simple text on English Composition.

Most of the books required in the reading courses should be read by the students. The

Instructor will make definite assignments and require recitations in the form of retold stories. The time allotted to ithe reading

course will be approximately two weeks. Select, short stories will

be assigned. These,

also, will be reported upon in the form of retold stories. Lectures

on the choice of literature will be given. Students will be taught

how to locate material M. I. A. SCOUTS, AMERICAN FORK

through actual library On the summit of Mt. Timpanogos. There are thoupractice. The time sands of boys wanting to climb—spiritually, mentally,

given to this part of the morally. Prepare to be a leader among them and a

, work will be approxibeleacherheld ofby theirthe Churchactivities,schoolsby attendingas per theprogramclassespubto mately two weeks. The lished herewith. (See annual convention circular and

retelling of stories will Era for August, 1914). The six weeks'course begins

occupy fully onethird November 9 and closes December 18.

of the work. In fact, all short stories and books assigned will be

reveiewed in the light of retelling.

6. Public Speaking, Debating, and Drama Course.—Four periods

per week. Suggested Text, "Pittenger's Extempore Speech,"published by Penn Publishing Co., Philadelphia. Lectures on contest

work, judging of orations, drama, and debating will be given. Actual

practice will constitute most of the work. Extemporaneous debates

will be held at first, while prepared debates will take their place later.

TRAINING FOR LEADERSHIP 71

Method of presentation of speeches will form part of each debate.

The course is designed to give actual power to do, in public speaking and debating. A short drama will be studied and presented.

. Prac- 7. Methods of Teaching.—Four periods per week. Text

tice teaching will be based on the lessons of the "Y. M. M. I. A.

Manuals"and "Young Woman's Journal."Lectures on methods of

teaching will be given. Most of the course will be taken up, however,

in actual presentation of "Manual"and "Journal"lessons, by students.

THE FIRST THREEDAY CLASS IN LEADERSHIP

This M. I. A. class was organized at Vernal, Uintah stake, and was held September

21 to 23 inclusive. President Don B. Colton stated in relation thereto: "This has been

the most practical and efficient supervision work that has ever been conducted in our stake."Preparation of lessons will be required of every one taking the Course.

Following the teaching exercise, criticism on methods will be made.

8. Games.—Two periods per week. Demonstration of suitable

games, and actual teaching of games by students will constitute the bulk of the course. Some lectures on the functions and value of games

will be given.

is de- 9. Social Dancing.—Two periods per week. This course

signed to familiarize the student with proper social dancing.

in 10. Athletic Direction.—One period per week. Instruction

proper method of handling men in athletic work and supervision of team games and field sports constitute the major part of the work.

Practice in directing various teams will be assigned students.

Familiarity with the "Y. M. M. I. A. Hand Book,"the "Y. L.

M. I. A. Instructions to Officers,"and Y. M. and Y. L. M. T. A.

Annual Convention Circular, together with constant reference to the Improvement Era and the Young Woman's Journal, are essential for the best success of the course.

In the schools where this six weeks'course is to be given, the three days'special campaign work will not be presented. However, on the dates specified in the Convention Circular, two mem72 IMPROVEMENT ERA

bers of the General Boards will visit the schools that they may assist in injecting into the work the spirit of the Mutual ImproveSUGAR CITY, IDAHO, M. I. A. KOY SCOUTS OF AMERICA

These scouts on last Decoration Day weeded and mounded the graves not only of the dead of their own families and friends but also those of unknown dead.

ment organization. All Mutual Improvement officers within these

school districts are invited to be present during these days.

THREE DAYS'COURSE (As per following schedule.)

NORTH

Dates: October 15, 16, 17—Alberta stake.

October 19, 20, 21—Knight Academy, Canada. October 26, 27, 28—Big Horn Academy, Wyoming. November 2, 3, 4—Ricks Academy. November 9, 10, 11—Cassia Academy. November 16, 17, 18—Fielding Academy. November 23, 24, 25—Oneida Academy. November 30, December 1, 2—Weber Academy.

Saints'University. December 7, 8, 9—Latterday December 14, 15, 16—Brigham Young University.

College. December 21, 22, 23—Brigham Young

September 19 to 23—Uintah.

October 19, 20, 21—Emery.

November 2, 3, 4—Millard.

November 9, 10, 11—Murdock.

November 16, 17, 18—St. George.

TRAINING FOR LEADERSHIP 73 November 23, 24. 25—Snowllake.

November 30, December 1, 2—St. John-. December 7, 8, 9—Thatcher. December 14, 15, 16—Maricopa. December 21, 22, 23—Snow.

Work will begin daily at 9:00 a. m.

Definite instruction and demonstration will be given in the following lines of M. I. A. work:

Methods of teaching; class demonstration; retold story; public

speaking; congregational and special group singing; organization and

management; joint M. I. A. problems; social work; ward and stake

officers'meetings, with definite suggestive programs; reading courses;

scout work; first aid; inand outdoor games, and group athletics.

Each evening will be devoted to instruction in dancing and ball room eticpiette. New dances will be given.

Elder W. W. Seare, Bradford, England, August 27: "The elders

in the photograph are seven Salt Lake City boys who are laboring in the Leeds Conference, British Mission. Back row, left to right: William W. Seare, Joseph Worthen, Gus Dyer: front row, sitting: Ralph

Bishop, Elmer M. Savage, George Cannon Lund. Clyde F. Hansen.

Elders Bishop, Dyer and Scare are from the 16th ward. Salt Lake

stake. We are very happy in cur labors in the vineyard. We look

upon our mission as a Godgiven privilege, and feel in dutybound to perform our work of service pleasingly before the Lord. We extend

greetings to our colaborers throughout the missionary world by means of the Era."

Editors'Table

Review of Church Conditions—Peace*

BY PRESIDENT JOSEPH F. SMITH

I suppose it is somewhat expected of me to make a few remarks at the opening of this, the first, session of the Eightyfifth semiannual conference of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints; and, while I feel entirely inadequate to the task, I will

try with the help of the Lord to say a few words as they may be given to me by the good Spirit. I feel truly grateful that my life

has been spared to meet with you this morning under so favorable circumstances as those under which we have met. I am

also grateful that my counselors have also been spared to be present with us, and also that the number of the apostles has been unbroken since our last conference. And I am very grateful indeed

to behold so many of the Latterday Saints as are assembled here this morning, apparently in the enjoyment of the many blessings and privileges of life which have been vouchsafed to the people of

God and the Church up to the present. I sincerely hope during

the sessions of this conference we may be fed with the bread of life, that the Spirit of the Lord may rest upon his servants who may address the conference from time to time, and that the same

Spirit may'rest abundantly upon all who assemble from day to day to listen to that which may be said.

THE FOREIGN MISSIONS It may be proper for me to say a few words relative to our foreign missions. I need not spend much time upon that subject,

as about everything that we have learned of the conditions in

Europe, with reference to our elders and the work of the ministry there, has been published from time to time in the Dcscrct News and in other papers. But I think it will be safe for me to say

that every precaution has been taken that could be taken for the protection of our elders in those foreign missions where war exists. In Germany, France, Austria, and portions of other countries so dreadfully involved in war, our elders have all been invited

to withdraw, to come away from those parts of the country, and so far as we know our German missionaries have largelv and

*The opening address at the semiannual conference of the Church,

October 4, 1914.

EDITORS'TABLE 75

almost entirely withdrawn from that country and also from

France. Some of them are located temporarily in Holland and

in Scandinavia, and a few of them, quite a number indeed, have come across the Atlantic and have been distributed to the various missions in the United States, while those who had practically completed their missions in Europe have been honorably released to return home. Reports that we receive from England, notwithstanding the conditions of war that exist there, are that our elders

are in safety at present, and that the field is opening before them with somewhat better prospects than heretofore. A great many

people are beginning to feel the necessity of prayer for deliverance and safety, and as the spirit of prayer rests upon their minds, they begin to feel after their spiritual as well as their temporal welfare.

Reports which we have received from Holland are very encouraging indeed, and while the presidency of that mission and of the Scandinavian missions have been instructed to be very careful about the welfare of the elders, and if necessity arises to see that they are promptly released to escape any difficulty that might come upon them, the reports from these missions are very encouraging.

They do not apprehend, for the present, any difficulty; and those

who are laboring seem to be contented and are doing good work.

Nevertheless, they are all under instructions that when the necessity arises, our elders who are laboring there now, apparently successfully, will be promptly released and guarded against any danger or evil, so far as it is possible. The poor Saints who are practically

left without guidance of the elders are feeling sadly the want of their presence, and regret very much that they have been under the necessity of withdrawing from among them. The best experienced men that could be obtained have been advised to take

charge as far as possible of the local interests of the missions abroad, and possibly a few of our elders will remain among them until the end of the war, provided they can do so without jeopardy to their lives. Now, I don't know that I need to say anything

further in regard to these matters. Others who follow me, and

who have more clearly in their minds other instances, can express themselves as they feel led. I believe that the best that could possibly be done has been done, and the wisest course that could have

been pursued has been pursued, with reference to our missionaries upon the European continent respecting their release and their deliverance from trouble. I feel to thank God for all his mercies

and loving kindness to his people.

FATHERLY CARE OF THE POOR I have before me a few memoranda to which I will briefly refer. I am reminded that the winter season is coming and that

it is advisable that all the bishops should exercise fatherly and kind consideration to the needs of the worthy poor in their midst 76 IMPROVEMENT ERA

whether Latterday Saints or not. The purpose of the Relief

Societies is to assist the bishops in relieving the necessities of the worthy poor; it is part of their first duty. We should endeavor

to take care, as far as possible, of the refugees who have been driven from their homes in Mexico, many of whom have established themselves in various parts of the country and in various stakes of Zion. Some few have returned to their homes in Mex-

! "r>. not without more or less risk of further trouble, and at present

bishop Bentley is in charge of the colonies, or of the people who nave returned to Mexico. How long they will be suffered to remain there in peace we cannot tell, but we sincerely hope and pray

for peace throughout all the land, and in this hope we desire that the people will exercise all the faith they can in behalf of our associates, our fellow members of the Church, in their endeavor to recover their homes and property from which they have been driven and very largely despoiled.

THE NEW TEMPLE AND OTHER PUBLIC BUILDINGS

In connection with the Presiding Bishop and one of his counselors, I had the privilege of visiting, in August last, our settlements in Canada, and of holding conferences there in the two stakes. The walls of the temple which is being erected at Cardston, are in process of building. We have decided to build them

of granite and have already expended a little over fifty thousand dollars toward the erection of that building. Had it not been for

the great drought that has prevailed in that country for the last two or three years, and especially during this season, the temple without doubt would have been farther in progress than it is today.

I am happy to announce, also, to the conference that we have completed a magnificent new wing to the Latterday Saints hospital. It has seventythree private bedrooms, splendid suites of

operating rooms on the sixth floor, and an open air ward on the roof, with a capacity of about thirty beds. It has ample kitchens

and storage plants, and subbasements, etc. It is one of the most

beautiful hospital buildings in the United States, and the Latterday Saints should remember that we have a hospital of our own.

is called the general Church office We are also erecting what building. It is progressing slowly but satisfactorily. It will provide offices for the First Presidency, the Council of the Twelve,

the Presiding Patriarch, the Historian's office, the Genealogical

Society, and other Church organizations. I might add possibly

without inconsistency, that the progress of this building might have been a little more rapid if we had seen clearly our way to supply the means necessary to force it along a little faster. But

we can only provide means for the improvements that are being made, not only for this building, the very costly addition to the hospital, and that required for the building of the temple in CanEDITORS'TABLE 77

ada, but means also required for schools and the assistance of the various wards and stakes of Zion to build numerous meeting houses, amusement halls, and other places that are necessary for the use of the people throughout the Church. We have been

pretty closely run for means, and can only supply the money for these improvements and necessities as we obtain it from the

Church. As the people pay their tithing, we are able to direct

application of it toward the improvements necessary to be made.

as well as toward the meeting of all the current and reasonable expenses of the Church, the accounts of which are correctly kept to the very cent in the Presiding Bishop's office, and also in the office of the Trusteein-Trust.

EMPLOYMENT FOR EMIGRANTS AND RETURNED MISSIONARIES

Efforts to secure employment for immigrants, and for missionaries upon their return from their mission have been put forth to the best of our ability, and it is requested of the bishops everywhere throughout the Church, to look after those who come to them from foreign countries, who immigrate to Zion, that they may be assisted as far as possible and put in position to acquire a livelihood, to build homes for themselves, and to feel at home amongst us. They come here strangers, meeting new conditions, and depending much upon the fellowship of their brethren for their success in obtaining new homes.

It is also a good thing for the bishops in all the wards to lookafter their returned missionaries. It is a pity that so many

of our boys who go abroad, fill good missions, and return home, should apparently be dropped or ignored by the presiding authorities of the Church and be permitted to drift away again into carelessness and indifference, and eventually perhaps to wander entirely away from their Church duties. They should be kept

in the harness, they should be made active in the work of the ministry, in some way, that they may the better keep the spirit of the gosoel in their minds and in their hearts, and be useful at home as well as abroad.

There is no question as to the fact that missionary service is required and is as necessary in Zion, or here at home, as it is abroad. Many people seem to be careless with reference to the

proper training of their children. We see too many boys that are

falling into very careless, if not into pernicious ways and habits.

Every missionary boy who returns from his mission, full of faith and good desire, should take it upon himself to become a savior as far as possible of his young and less experienced associates at home. When a returned missionary sees a boy falling into bad

ways and is becoming accustomed to bad habits, he should feel that it is his duty to take hold of him, in connection with the presiding authorities of the stake or of the ward in which he lives, 78 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and exercise all the power and influence he can for the salvation of that erring young man who has not had the experience that our elders abroad have had, and thus become a means of saving many and of establishing them more firmly in the truth.

Efforts have been made by the Presiding Bishopric and others to locate the Saints, who gather from other lands, where they can get a livelihood. All are employed as far as the records show.

Many bishops have taken fatherly interest in the Saints who have immigrated to Zion. Homes have been provided, employment secured as far as possible, and through the united efforts of the

Saints supplies and furniture have been obtained and given them to help them to get started again in life. This should be the policy

of all the organizations of the Church.

DUTIES OF THE PRIESTHOOD

Since the last April conference the Shelley stake of Zion has been organized from a part of the Blackfoot stake. Nine new

wards, and seven new branches, have been organized. Thirtyfour bishops have been ordained to replace those who have been

released. The presidencies of the Jordan, Juab, Union and North

Sanpete stakes have been reorganized. Three bishops have passed

away since our last conference. There are now sixtysix stakes

of Zion, and seven hundred and thirtyfive bishops'wards. There

have been entered on the records of the Church, by baptism, in the stakes and missions, six thousand one hundred and ninetyeight souls during the six months of the year. The presiding

bishopric have issued quarterly bulletins which have kept presidencies of stakes in closer touch with the general conditions in all the stakes of Zion, than in the past. Ward teaching is being

rapidly developed in many of the stakes of Zion. Some stakes are

still indifferent to this important movement. There is a splendid

opportunity in this work to use every ordained priest and teacher and man holding the priesthood, and it would seem rather strange that there should be any of the presidencies of the stakes, or any of the presiding officers in the Church, who would be indifferent to the subject of keeping in contact and in harmony with the progress of all the other stakes. It is good to be in possession of

the knowledge of things as they are and as they are going along.

We have inaugurated a movement to encourage the monthly payment of tithing. The stake and ward officers are complying

with this request, as far as they can. Really, the only practical

method and proper way to pay our tithes is when we receive that which we earn into our hands. It is quite proper to remember

what we owe to the Lord before we expend our means otherwise.

There are two companies each day passing through this Temple to perform the ordinances of the House of the Lord for the

EDITORS'TABLE 79

living and for the dead, and our genealogical work is bearing fruit as we see in the attendance upon the temples for the performance of these ordinances, and we hope that this good work will go on.

The work of the Bishopric is both temporal and spiritual.

The average bishop gives all his time and efforts for the betterment of the people over whom he presides. The bishops should not try

to do all the work that is necessary to be done in their wards. His

counselors are there to help him, and a due portion of the responsibility of the bishop of the ward should be placed upon his counselors. Neither is it wise that the bishopric of the ward should

feel they are compelled to do all that is necessary to be done in their wards. They should exercise their right to call upon the

priesthood to visit the people as teachers and preachers of the gospel of Jesus Christ that they may give to all as far as possible an opportunity to exercise their talents and to do good in their wards. It is sometimes advisable to give to each counselor special

duties, and assign to each of the counselors his proportion of the responsibilities which belong to the bishopric, each one doing some special work for which he is adapted, so that all may be active.

OUR DEPENDENCE UPON GOD

Now these are a few things I think worthy of note, and there are very many more. But I desire to call attention to one thing, it

is this: I fear the Latterday Saints, in the midst of the prosperity

with which they are blessed, sometimes fail to observe that great commandment, given of the Master, always to remember the Lord, to pray in the morning, and in the evening, and always remember to thank him for the blessings that they receive day by day. T

fear that there is more neglect than there should be among the

Latterday Saints in regard to following out this rule of the

Church, for it is a rule of the Church. It is the commandment of

the Lord that we shall remember God morning and evening, and, the Book of Mormon tells us, "at all times."We should carry

with us the spirit of prayer throughout every duty that we have to perform in life. Why should we? One of the simple reasons

that appeals to my mind with great force is that man is so utterly dependent upon God. How helpless we are without him; how little

we can do without his merciful providence in, our behalf! I have

often been led to make the remark, that not one of us, not a human being in all the world, can make even a single spear of grass grow without the help of God. We have to use his earth, we must avail

ourselves of the benefit of his soil, his air. and his sunshine, and

the moisture that God provides and gives to the earth, to enable us to produce even a single blade of grass; and the same applies

to everything that ministers to our existence in the world. You

cannot raise an ear of corn or wheat without God's help. You

80 IMPROVEMENT ERA

cannot produce a single thing essential to the existence of man or beast without the help of God. Then, why should we not feel

dependent upon the Lord? Why should we not call upon his

name? Why should we not remember him in our prayers? Why

should we not love him with all our heart, and mind and strength, since he has given us life, since he has formed us in his own likeness and image, since he has placed us here that we may become like unto his only begotten Son and to inherit the glory, exaltation and reward provided for God's own children.

My brethren and sisters, let us remember and call upon God and implore his blessings and his favor upon us. Let us do it

nevertheless in wisdom and in righteousness, and when we pray we should call upon him in a consistent and reasonable wav. We

should not ask the Lord for that which is unnecessary or which would not be beneficial to us. We should ask for that which we

need and we should ask in faith, "nothing wavering, for he that wavereth,"as the apostle said, "is like the wave of the sea driven by the wind and tossed. For let not that man think that he shall

receive anything of the Lord."But when we ask of God for blessings, let us ask in the faith of the gospel, in that faith that he has

promised to give to them who believe in him and obey his commandments.

WE WANT PEACE IN THE WORLD We want peace in the world. We want love and goodwill to

exist throughout the earth, and among all the peoples of the world but there never can come to the world that spirit of peace and love that should exist, until mankind will receive God's truth and God's message unto them, and acknowledge his power and authority which is divine, and never found in the wisdom only of men.

The condition of the world today presents a spectacle that is deplorable, so far as it relates to the religious convictions, faith and power of the inhabitants of the earth. Here we have nations

arrayed against nations, and yet in every one of these nations are socalled Christian peoples professing to worship the same God, professing to possess belief in the same divine Redeemer,—many

of them professing to be teachers of God's word, and ministers of life and salvation to the children of men, and yet these nations are divided one against the other, and each is praying to his God for wrath upon and victory over his enemies and for his own preservait be possible, for this condition. Would it be possible,—could

tion to exist if the people of the world possessed really the true knowledge of the gospel of Jesus Christ? And if they really

this condition exist? possessed the spirit of the living God,—could

No; it could not exist, but war would cease, and contention and

strife would be at an end. And not only the spirit of war would

not exist, but the spirit of contention and strife that now exists

KD1TORS'TABLE 81

among the nations of the earth which is the primal element of war would cease to he. We know that the spirit of strife and contention exists to an alarming extent among all the people of the

world. Why does it exist? Because they are not one with God,

nor with Christ. They have not entered into the true fold, and

the result is they do not possess the spirit of the true Shepherd sufficiently to govern and control their acts in the ways of peace and righteousness. Thus they contend and strive one against

another, and at last nation rises up against nation in fulfilment of the predictions of the prophets of God that war should he poured out upon all nations. I don't want you to think I believe that God

has designed or willed that war should come among the people of the world, that the nations of the world should he divided against each other in war and engage in the destruction of each other

God did not design or cause this. It is deplorable to the heavens

that such a condition should exist among men, but the conditions do exist, and men precipitate war and destruction upon themselves because of their wickedness, and that because they will not abide in

God's truth, walk in his love, and seek to establish and maintain peace instead of strife and contention in the world.

Now, we wish this morning to remember the admonition of the President of the United States, to offer prayer for peace to come upon the distracted nations of the world, for peace to abide upon those who are at peace, and to abound more abundantly. I

pray God that this spirit may especially enter into the hearts of this people that they may strive for peace among themselves, that peace may dwell in their own hearts and homes, that peace may exist between neighbors, that peace, goodwill, love and union may characterize the associations of members of the Church with their fellow members, and that there may be no contention among them, nor strife, nor bitterness, nor backsliding, nor backbiting, nor complaint of any description, but that peace on earth and goodwill to men may pervade the hearts and minds of all the members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints; and that from

them this spirit of peace and love for God, and for our fellowmen.

may go out into the world as far as we have power to send it forth through the elders of the Church and otherwise, that men may hear the good tidings and receive them in their hearts, obey the truth, and join the ranks of the peaceful, of the peaceloving, of the peacemakers, of the Godfearing, and of the Godloving people that all Latterday Saints should be, in every part of the world.

God bless you, my brethren and sisters, I humbly. pray; and

now we will call upon President Charles W. Penrose to offer to

the Lord a prayer in behalf of this assembly and in behalf of all the people of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, that

God will move upon the hearts of the people of the world to accept the spirit of peace in their souls, that peace may come to the dis82 IMPROVEMENT ERA

tracted world, and that life and union may prevail instead of bloodshed, death and destruction. When Brother Penrose shall pray,

he will pray unto the Father of our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ, in whose image and likeness we are made, or were born into the world, and in whose likeness and image we are, for we are God's children and therefore must resemble his Son, in person, and also spiritually, so far as we will obey the principles of the gospel of eternal truth; for we were foreordained and predestined to become conformed to his likeness through the wise and proper use

of our free agency, so that we may enjoy the blessings of the

Kingdom of God where he dwells, and inherit his glory and the salvation, the reward, and the dominion that has been promised unto the faithful of his children, which may God grant is my prayer. Amen.

A Prayer for Peace

BY PRESIDENT CHARLES W. FENROSE

[Ten thousand Latterday Saints bowed their heads in prayer in the great Tabernacle on that Sabbath morning of October 4, in compliance with the request of the President of the United States to the people of the nation to pray for peace in the great nations of the world that have taken up arms against one another. Perhaps in no other

city in our country was it possible to witness so large a single congregation of worshipers in the attitude of prayer; and certainlv none other

were more devout, earnest and sincere in their desires, than this vast body of Latterday Saints as they listened in humility to one of their leaders calling upon the Lord for peace in the nations. Editors.]

O God, our Eternal Father, the Father of the spirits of all men, we come unto thee in the name of Jesus Christ, our Redeemer, and worship thee, and render thanks unto thee for all things that we have received, both spiritual and temporal, for our sustenance, for our guidance, for our enlightenment, for our understanding and knowledge that we may be prepared to come into thy presence eventually and be crowned with eternal lives. Wilt thou accept of

our thanksgiving, this morning for all thy favors; look in mercy

upon us and unite our hearts together under the influence of thy

Divine Spirit, that we may be one in very deed, and that our supplications may come up unto thee acceptable. Forgive us of all

our sins, our follies, our imperfections, our unworthiness, our lack of obedience unto thy commandments and thy counsels; and

wherein we have in any way offended thee, we crave thy pardon and forgiveness.

We ask thee, our Eternal Father, to look in mercy upon the nations of the earth. They are thy children, even though they

may have gone astray, and have been stirred up in bitterness and

EDITORS'TABLE 83

in anger unto war one with another. Wilt thou, O Lord, look

down upon them in thy loving tenderness and kindness, hestow thy mercy upon them and prepare the way whereby war may cease and peace may be established.

Thou hast inspired thy prophets, in days of old and in these latter days, to predict that the day would come when men would cease their strife and would study war no more, when they would turn their weapons of destruction into agencies of peace for the cultivation of the earth and for the development of its resources, and we pray, our Father, that that time may be hastened. Wilt

thou look down in mercy upon the rulers of the nations, upon all who have part in the conduct of human affairs in the various governments in the world, and cause thy divine spirit to shine upon their understandings and to touch their hearts that they may feel the absolute need of establishing peace on the earth, drawing the people of the world together in fraternity instead of going forth upon the field of battle to destroy each other's lives.

O Lord, look in mercy upon the wives and the children and other relatives of those who are now personally engaged in the strife that is causing bloodshed and horror throughout the continent of Europe. Have mercy upon them, O Lord, and turn

aside the outpouring of the spirit of war, and grant that the angel of peace may hover over the nations and that the influences flowing from his presence may come down upon them; that the wives and

the children may be relieved of their sufferings, and that their loved ones may be restored to them—those that remain of them

who are striving against each other, and may they who seek to establish unrighteousness and untruth and oppression and tyranny not succeed.

We ask thee, O Lord, to look in mercy upon those nations.

No matter what may have been the cause which has brought about the tumult and the conflict now prevailing, wilt thou grant, we pray thee, that it may be overruled for good, so that the time shall come when, though thrones may totter and empires fall, liberty and freedom shall come to the oppressed nations of Europe, and indeed throughout the world. We pray that liberty may come

out of this oppression, that freedom may come out of this strife and wilt thou grant that in thy divine providence all things may conspire together for good, so that righteousness may be established, that the fruit of righteousness, which is peace, may be enjoyed.

Wilt thou grant. Heavenly Father, that the Spirit of the Lord

may rest down mightily upon thy people, even thy Saints, those who are assembled here in conference, and those whom they represent in the various stakes of Zion and the missions abroad, and grant that they may obey the instructions that have been imparted, and dwell together in peace. May there be no spirit of enmity or

84 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of strife among thy Saints. Do thou grant that they may be able

to understand each other, that they may be able to accord to each other that liberty which they desire for themselves, so that though they may differ in opinions and in views, they may accede and concede to others that liberty which every man should enjoy under the

Constitution of the United States which thou didst raise up good and wise men to establish. Grant, O Lord, that there may be no

real spirit of strife among them, that thy Saints, as neighbors, may dwell together in amity and in brotherly love, and in unity, and may this peace prevail throughout the land of Zion, that Zion may be indeed the pure in heart, those who serve God and keep his commandments.

Now, O Lord, we unite with all who are praying unto thee this day to ask thee that in thy mercy, in thy providence, this terrible slaughter may soon be brought to an end, that the spirit of strife may depart, that the spirit of peace may brood over the nations, so that all these terrors that have come may speedily pass away, and that thy righteous purposes may be accomplished, that good may come to the world, and the way be prepared for the coming of the King of Peace, even Jesus Christ, thy Son, our elder

Brother in the spirit, whom we love and adore this day, and in whose holy name we come unto thee. Wilt thou hear our prayers,

! Wilt thouO God, the Ruler of nations, the Mighty One on high

look down in mercy upon the world, and wilt thou cause the spirit of peace to come forth to accomplish that which we desire in our hearts. We know, O Lord, that thy purposes shall be accomplished; we do not wish to step in the way or to attempt to hinder

them in any degree, but we come unto thee and express the desires of our souls. Thy children, O Lord, plead with thee that

peace may come, and that the time may soon arrive when thy will shall be done on earth as it is done in heaven. We dedicate ourselves and all that we have and all that we are unto thy service,

and desire to be ambassadors of peace, to carry with us the spirit of peace, to have it in our hearts, to have it in our homes, to have it prevail throughout our land, and go forth from Zion to the uttermost parts of the earth; and to this end we dedicate ourselves and

all we have and are unto thee, and ask these favors at thine hands, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

The Power of Prayer to Promote Peace

BY PRESIDENT ANTHON H. LUND

[This short classic on the spirit and efficacy of prayer, and its power to promote harmony and peace among men, was delivered directly after the audience with President Penrose had bowed in

EDITORS* TABLE 85

humble petition to the Lord to restore peace to the world's warring nations. Editors.]

T will read a few words from the book of I toctrine and Covenants:

"And now verily 1 say unto you, and what 1 say unto one I say unto all, be of good cheer, little children, for I am in your midst, and

I have not forsaken you;

"And inasmuch as you have humbled yourselves before me, the blessings of the kingdom are yours.

"Gird up your loins and be watchful and be sober, looking forth for the coming of the Son of.Man, for he cometh in an hour you

think not. "Pray always that ye enter not into temptation, that you may abide the day of his coming, whether in life or in death. Even so.

Amen."

T have followed with interest the remarks of our President, and I hope that we will all remember the instructions he has given us. We all took part with President Penrose in that beautiful

prayer, in which we petitioned our Heavenly Father to be merciful to his children who are now in the warridden zones of the world,

I admire the President of this nation for his belief in the efficacy of prayer, and for his having appointed this day for the whole nation to come before the Lord and petition him for peace in Europe and in countries where there is war.

I believe in prayer. I know I am addressing a people who

are a prayerful people, who have oftentimes felt convinced that their prayers have been heard and answered, and who are firm in the conviction that God answers prayers today as well as formerly.

We have many instances on record in the Holy Scriptures, both in the Bible and in the Book of Mormon, that God hears prayers. From Adam, the first who offered prayer, and down

through history, we have seen that the Lord has lent ear to petitions which have been made to him. Before Adam gathered his

righteous posterity around him, in AdamQndi-Ahman, he had taught them about the true God and the efficacy of prayer, so that they knew to whom to pray; and after the flood, we find holy men

approaching our Father in prayer, and that he was merciful to them. Abraham, Gideon, David, Solomon, the prophets, all bear

testimony to the value of prayer. Our Savior, during his life

upon the earth, inculcated prayer, and he would often withdraw himself from his disciples, go up into the mountain and commune with God. Pie felt the necessity of obtaining aid and assistance

from his Father in heaven, to perform that great mission which had been given him here upon the earth. lie taught his disciples

to pray. He did not want them to make many repetitions. He

did not want them to pray to be considered of men, but he wanted 86 IMPROVEMENT ERA

them to come as children to their Father, and ask for the things they stood in need of.

That beautiful prayer, "Our Father, which art in heaven,''which has been for generations a model to worshipers, contains very much to arouse serious thought; and it shows the plain and

simple manner in which Jesus wanted us to come before the Lord, not using highsounding words, but to approach him as a child would its father, and ask for the very things we stand in need of.

I don't believe that he meant for us always to use that formula of prayer, but he gave it to us as an example, that when we pray we should pray in a similar manner.

On one occasion, when he was with his disciples, he told them that whatsoever they should ask in his name should be granted.

What a splendid promise! And I believe this promise is given

not only to the disciples that surrounded him at the time, but to all who believe in the Son of God. I believe also that when we

approach our Father, he knows, before we ask, what we want, whether that which we ask of him is for our best good or not, yet he has commanded us to pray and open our hearts to him.

When Jesus was suffering in the Garden of Gethsemane, he asked the Lord, if it were possible, to take that bitter cup away from him. Can you wonder at it, when you remember that he

was in such agony that the sweat fell as drops of blood upon the ground? But he added, "Not my will, but thy will be done,"

giving us a pattern to follow in our prayers, that although we ardently desire certain things, and believe that they would be for our best good, still we should be submissive to the Father's will, and say, with Christ, not our will, but his will be done.

In the prayer that he taught his disciples, Jesus emphasized the great principle that God is our Father, and that we should address him as such, in our prayers. We believe that God is the

Father of our spirits, and hence that we are in reality his children.

When Jesus so addressed the Father, it was not a figurative title given him, but it means that God is indeed our Father, as he was his Father; Jesus was his only begotten Son in the flesh. Paul

says that God is the Father of our spirits, and knowing this, we can approach him in confidence, knowing that he will hear and grant unto us such blessings as will be for our good.

In that prayer we are told to say, "Hallowed be thy name,"and in doing so we should resolve to keep his name hallowed, holy.

I hope that the Latterday Saints will remember this, and that such a thing as taking the name of the Lord in vain will never be heard from their lips. The words spoken by them should be free from all

things verging on profanity, and they should ever feel the greatest reverence for the name of the Father.

Next we ask, "Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done upon earth as it is done in heaven."We should seek his kingdom first

EDITORS'TABLE 87

of all, for its possession is far better than riches. When we imagine conditions existing in heaven, we feel convinced that there

is no such thing as disobedience found among the happy throngs who dwell there, and this is not because they are forced to do his will, but because they desire to do it, and know it is right and most productive of happiness. Those who are privileged to enter into the

presence of the Father, and dwell in his kingdom, will be those who have gone through a probation, and have been tried and found true, who have seen the consequences of sin and disobedience and who have chosen and firmly resolved to serve the Lord and keep his commandments. They are those who have proved

themselves able to keep such a resolution, so that when they go into those blissful regions they feel that what the Father wants is for their own good; and hence it is their choice and delight

that his will be done there.

We should use our influence to have his will done here on earth as it is done in heaven. We should use our free agency to

serve the Lord, and always choose to do his will. This course

will bring us the greatest happiness. There is no true happiness

that can come to a person who violates the commandments of

God, because those commandments were given for the blessing of the human race. Every commandment given by the Lord has

a tendency to do good to those who will obey it, and those who will not obey his commandments will reap the consequences. His

commandments to his children are not arbitrary, like those of a tyrant, but they are measured for the benefit and blessing of all who live upon earth. Hence, we can heartily pray, also, that his

will may be done here upon the earth as it is done in heaven.

We are taught in that prayer to ask for our daily bread, showing that it is not only for spiritual things we dare ask our Father, but for the temporal things that we need as well; and in daily

bread, of course, is included all our interests. We need not fear

to come before him and ask for success in our business, any more than we need fear to ask for spiritual blessings.

We are taught in the prayer to ask the Lord to forgive our debts as we are willing to forgive our debtors. How much there

is included in this! How this would tend toward peace if we

were willing to forgive one another, if we could eradicate from our hearts every tendency to hatred and bitterness. We have no

right to hate our brother. We are asked even to love our enething to do, no doubt, but Jesus showed us themies—a hard

example. When hanging upon the cross, and suffering exquisite

torture, the most painful that the Romans could invent, he could still say, "Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do."

Shall we not follow his example? Let us have peace, with one

another. Let us not go to law with our brethren. Let us not

take revenge for wrongs done to us, but try to be reconciled with 88 IMPROVEMENT ERA

those who have anything against us; and, if we have anything

against our brother, let us remember the instruction in this beautiful prayer, that, as we hope, to be forgiven by our Heavenly

Father, to whom we owe so much, we must forgive one another.

We are also taught here to ask "Lead us not into temptation,"or, as it is given in the French Bible, "Abandon us not,"or "leave us not in temptation."If we know that we are weak, brethren

and sisters, in anything, let us avoid going where there is temptation of the kind that may be hard to resist, and we be tempted to do that which is not right. Remember that it is to him who

overcomes that the choicest promises are made. When we pray

the Lord not to allow us to be led into temptation, let us make the firm resolution not to indulge in sinful thoughts, and shun evil associations, and all places where we are in danger of temptation, and then the Lord will help us to overcome every evil tendency.

The prayer closes with these beautiful words of adoration and praise, "For thine is the kingdom, the power and the glory forever."Let us look upon this prayer as teaching us true worship.

We come together to worship the Lord, both in prayer, in preaching, in praising the Lord, and in singing inspired hymns. We

do adore him who is our Creator and our Father. We know he

is allgood, allwise and allpowerful, and worthy of all praise, and we rejoice in the promise given us that he will hear and answer our prayers.

I feel very much concerned and sad when I look upon the condition of the warring nations. Although we have looked forward to a time when war shall be poured out upon all nations,

still, when it comes, we feel to ask that that day might be postponed, and peace come unto afflicted humanity. When we think

the busy factories in Belgium andof Europe two months ago—of

Germany and France, and the busy husbandmen in Russia, and other countries that are now afflicted with war, and then today see millions of men engaged in the fiercest and bloodiest of battles ever related in history, we are shocked at the terrible carnage, and the misery of the widows and the orphans that are made daily.

Our hearts go out to them in the deepest sympathy, and we feel to take part in a prayer like that which was offered by Brother

Penrose, that the Lord will be merciful unto them.

May the day hasten when peace shall reign upon the earth, when Christ shall come and reign, and the thousand years of peace be introduced, and the announcement of the angels shall indeed be fulfilled, "Peace on earth and goodwill to men."

I ask that we may be prepared for this, and that the Lord may bless the Latterday Saints, and bless the leaders of this nation, that they may avoid all foreign entanglements, and that peace may continue to reign in this land. I ask it in the name of Jesus

Christ. Amen.

Mutual Work

Scout Lessons for Juniors A number of class leaders have asked for outlines for scout lessons, for the Junior classes, and the following lessons are suggested to cover the Tenderfoot and Second Class degrees of Scoutcraft. A part of the

recitation period of the Junior classes should be devoted to this work.

The lessons may be divided, if deemed proper, by the scoutmaster.

In addition to the short time in the Junior classes devoted to Seoul work, the scoutmaster should provide other times to take up scouting, and give the boys an opportunity to work out in the open. Where

Sunday night is used for Mutual, use only the material that is in harmony with that night. The other work should be taken up at some

other time. The lessons as here outlined do not provide for games or

other special activities. These should be added by the scoutmaster.

The scoutmaster should read carefully the article on Scout Work, in the "Y. M. M. I. A. Handbook,""Boy Scouts of America Handbook

for Boys,"and the "Handbook for Scout Masters."He should be sufficiently familiar with the work to lead out, to answer questions, and

to develop enthusiasm in the boys for scout activities.

Lesson I.

This is the introductory meeting. The enthusiasm of the boys for

scout work and their desire to take it up is aroused here. Give them

an outline of the work. Have copies of "Handbook for Boy Scouts"

with you. Outline your plan of organization, etc. Tell a good pioneer

scout story, (See Nov., 1913, Era, "Courage,"by Ivins, and Junior

Manual, page 39, and other stories in 191314 and 191415 Manuals), and notify the boys to bring a piece of rope about six feet long for next meeting. Tightly woven clothes line is suggested. The scoutmaster might arrange to have the rope, as it would then be uniform.

Lesson 2.

Take up different parts of a rope and have boys whip the ends.

Learn to tie the following knots: overhand, figure of eight, square,

and weaver's. See Hand Book for Boys, page 48. Have boys memorize scout'promise for next meeting. H. B. for Boys, p. 15.

Lesson 3.

Have boys repeat the scout promise and give them an explanation of same. Review knots and add bowline and sheepshank. Have boys

memorize the scout law for next meeting. Notify boys to be ready

to separate into patrols at next meeting.

Lesson 4.

Teach the boys the scout sign and salute. H. B. for Boys, p. 14.

Divide the boys into groups of eight, and notify them that at the next meeting the patrol and assistant patrol leaders will be selected. H. B.

for Scout Master, p. 138. Have drill formation. H. B. S. M., p. 278.

or United States Infantry Drill Regulations, 1911. Use drill for discipline and obedience, for moving from place to place in order, and for

acquiring the habit of correct carriage. Guard against overdoing it. It

SUGAR CITY, IDAHO, M. I. A. SCOUTS ON A HIKE

observance of law. The boy scout plan is not military, but standsQS for loyalty, patriotism chivalry. and

Lesson 5.

S l,klte 'history and forms of respect. H. B. for S M onThu Flagr

'a flag and ftthe kboys should?'Z?ySbe taught P 340i4Lto look uponEach ittroPas theshouldemblemhe of liberty

love and peace Give following knots: halter slip, clove hitch, timber

hitch, and two half hitches. Select patrol officers.

Lesson 6.

Review for preparation to take Tenderfoot examinations Take up scout mott-"Be Prepared"(H. B. for Boys, p. 12), and "The Daily

Good Turn,"H. B. for S. M., p. 312.

Appoint a special night for the boys to take up the Tenderfoot examination. See May, 1913, Era, H. B. for S. M., p. 159, Y. M M I AHand Book, p. 29. Make this examination of vital importance to the

boys so that they will feel that it stands for something. Never let the

boy slip through. Have him come up to the mark. You owe it to the

scout movement, to yourself and the boys. Those who fail can try

again. Have definite times for giving examination. Era for MavJ '1914.

Lesson 7.

Secondclass scouts. Have talk on the requirements of same

Have boys report their daily good turns. The idea is not to get the

boys in the habit of boasting of the good that they do, but to keep it before their minds until it becomes a habit with them to think of others.

It also encourages the others to do something good, no matter how small it may seem. Notify boys to bring a twoinch bandage for next

meeting. This can be made at home or purchased. First Aid Book

Bandaging, pp. 2728.

MUTUAL WORK 91

Lesson 8.

If possible have a doctor or nurse give a short talk on the use of a bandage, and give a demonstration of how to put on two or three different kinds; have the boys do it. Review drill, and add a few more

commands. Before next bandaging lesson, the scout leader should

learn two more kinds of bandages, in case he has to give the lesson.

Lesson 9.

Semaphore signal work. A bandanna handkerchief or white cloth

I about the same size may be used for flag. See H. B. for Boys, pp.

206-7. Give ten letters. H. B. for Boys, p. 34.

Lesson 10.

Elementary First Aid. Know general directions for first aid.

H. B. for Boys, p. 261. First Aid Book, p. 49. Review signal work

and give ten more letters for next meeting.

Lesson 11.

Signal work. Study treatment for fainting. H. B. for Boys, p.

270. Shock, fractures, etc., H. B. for Boys, p. 264.

Lesson 12.

Carrying injured. Fireman's lift. H. B. for Boys, p. 278. PL B.

for S. M., p. 285. Drill review.

Lesson 13.

Signal work. Balance of letters. Report of the daily good turns.

Lesson 14.

Bandaging. Teach three more. Use triangular bandage. First

Aid Book, p. 21. First aid for bruises, sprains, burns, scalds. PP. B.

for Boys, pp. 264273. First Aid Book, pp. 5458.

PESSON 15.

Review Signal. Practice improvised stretcher and arm carry.

H. B. for Boys, pp. 27677. PP. B. S. M., p. 291.

Lesson 16.

Practice tracking or describing contents of window or articles on a tray in a room. H. B. for Boys, p. 309. H. B. S. M., p. 196.

P.ESSON 17.

Compass. Pts use and value. Learn the cardinal points. PP. B.

S. M., p. 43 and p. 164. Review signal.

Lesson 18.

The value of earning and saving. H. B. S. AT., p. 43. Drill.

Lesson 19.

Practice scouts pace and how to use knife and hatchet. PP. B.

S. M., p. 38.

Lesson 20.

Build fire in open and have conking lesson. II. B. S. M., p. 42.

H. B. for Boys, pp. 149152.

Passing Events

Virginia, in the latter part of September, adopted prohibition to take effect November 1, 1916, by a majority of 35,000. This makes ten

states in the roll of honor, and 17,000,000 people in the United States are now under the prohibition regime. Prohibition in West Virginia,

adopted two years ago and effective last July, has proved immensely successful and even those who were against its adoption have been convinced that prohibition pays in more ways than one.

The return of "Mormon"colonists to Mexico was announced in the latter part of September. On September 21, the schools in Colonia

Juarez opened, and the colonists began harvesting their crops which were reported to be large. On the 13th of September they began holding meetings at Juarez, and on that date 134 members of the Sabbath

school were in attendance. By letter from Colonia Dublan, it was

learned that a steady stream of colonists were returning, believing that they were not incurring any particular danger in so doing. On October 17 it was said in a dispatch that filibusters had attacked the town

of Casas Grandes, near Dublan.

The state prohibition convention was held on Monday, October 5, in Salt Lake City, attended by leading prohibitionists of Utah. The

Utah State Prohibition and Betterment League was organized. On

account of numerous meetings, the fair, and other attractions, the attendance was not large. A resolution was passed in which it was

resolved to ask the memberselect of the next Legislature as to whether they were willing to pass a statewide prohibtion measure, to be submitted to the people at a special election in June for approval before it should become a law of the state. It is believed that such

a law thus formed* and adopted might avoid politics.

at the The Mexican Situation.—Provisional President Carranza

celebration of Mexico's independence day, September 16, publicly read

Secretary Bryan's order for the withdrawal of American troops from

Mexican territory. However, the developments that followed prevented this withdrawal from being accomplished. On the 23rd, General Francisco Villa declared war upon the Constitutionalists'first

chief Carranza. General Villa claimed that Chihuahua, Sonora, Zacatecas, and a portion of Coahuila were in a stage of uprising and would

join with him against Carranza. On the 26th Villa accused General

Carranza of violating the terms of the treaty of Torreon; and the following day, September 27, Provisional President Carranza agreed to

resign his office upon which Villa named Fernando Iglesias Calderon as Provisional President Carranza's successor. During the early part

of October preparations were going forward in Mexico City for setting up a new provisional government, regardless of the proposed peace conference which had been arranged for at Agua Calientes, Oct. 10, at

which representatives nf all the leading >enerals of the country were to be present to arrange for peace, if possible. Tt is announced that the

forces which are loval to Carranza total 104,000, while Villa can control only 24,000. Fighting at different places, especially at Naco,

Sonora, has been going on; and no date, therefore, has been set by the

United States for the evacuation of Vera Cruz by the American forces.

PASSING KVK.VI S 93

General Carranza has not yet complied with any of the stipulations laid down by the United States including the guarantee for the safety of foreigners and others in Vera Cruz, as well a- a promise from the

Mexico City government not to reimpose more than a million dollar custom dues collected by Americans from Vera Cruz imports.

practically The European War.—The battle of the Aisnc continued

every day until the siege of Antwerp, on September 26, and even then continued along the lines at different times until after the 17th of

October, the date of this record. The net results of these engagements

cannot be stated at present. About the only thing that is certain is

that the Germans retired eastward even as the Allies, during the month previous, had retired towards Paris. The Germans called their

falling back, "a strategical retreat,"by which they meant to concentrate their forces, shorten their lines of communication with their base of supplies, and secure a more defensible position. It will be remembered that

the Allies called their retirement from the Belgian border by the same name, and it appears that the justification in both cases is not without reason. Neither

party gave ground until they were compelled to, and both retreated in such good order that the armies were kept intact.

Many battles as big as the battle of Waterloo occurred between the four million soldiers that were in the lines, and neither army either met with a decisive defeat nor with a decisive victory.

Following is a short story of the leading events: FEILD MARSHALL SIR TOHX FRENCH

September 20.—The French

minister of the interior anInspector-General of the British Forces nounced that the famous cathedral of Rheims together with other historic buildings had been destroyed during the second bombardment of the city by the German army.

September 22.—The Russians occupied Jaroslav in Galicia. A

German submarine sank the British cruisers "Abokir,""Cressy,"and "Hogue"in the North Sea. These were three armored British cruisers

of the twelvethousand-ton type, having a total complement of 2,200 men. Only 1,067 were rescued.

September 23.—China disclaims any responsibility for the violation

of her neutrality by Japan, owing to her inability to defend it. This

was the reply to the Kaiser's protest against the Japanese operations.

September 24.—Cholera breaks out in the Austrian army and in

Vienna. The Germans attack forts at Verdun and Toul.

September 25.—-The Germans invade Russia along the Niemen

river and the Montenegrins take Mostar, the capital of Herzegovina.

September 26.—The Germans rccaotiire St. Quentin. The Russians bombard Przemysl, the only Galician stronghold in the path

of the Russian advance on Krakow.

94 IMPROVEMENT ERA September 27.—Germany rushed large forces to the east to reinforce Krakow, and German aircraft dropped bombs in twelve cities.

September 28.—The fighting continues on the Aisne river, and in

the Argonne forest. A fleet of nineteen transports carrying 33,000

Canadian troops sailed from St. Lawrence, on its way to England.

This was the first Canadian detachment to leave for the war. The

transports began to arrive at Plymouth, England, October IS, where they were greeted with enthusiastic cheers.

September 29.—It is reported that the German cruiser "Emden"

sunk five British vessels in the Bay of Bengal. The Germans destroy

the French town of Albert. Indian troops were landed at Marseilles.

The German activity in Belgium is renewed, and the outlying defenses of Antwerp were bombarded.

September 30.—Three forts of the outer ring at Antwerp were

reduced. Two Italian fishing boats were sunk in the Adriatic by the

Austrian floating mines. Italy protested strongly to Austria against

these mines, who replied that complete reparation would be made for the loss of the vessels and the mines would be removed.

October 1 to 9.—The Germans continued to bombard Antwerp

which fell and was occupied by the Germans on October 9. Antwerp

was considered the best fortified city in the world. However, the

inability of the defenders'guns to hit back weight for weight was the one crying need at Antwerp "whose fall points to one irresistible conclusion,"according to the dispatches, "that the day of forts is over."The supposed impregnable forts proved broken reeds against

the giant German dowagers. The forts are all shattered beyond recognition. The English and Belgian armies that were in Antwerp made

their escape, so that the Germans found no armies there upon their occupation of the city.

artillery used in the bombardOctober 10.—The German heavy

ment of Antwerp started off for an unknown destination in France. It

is declared that the cathedral of Notre Dame was not damaged in the bombardment. King Charles of Rumania died.

in October 11.—The Germans are advancing rapidly on Ostend,

the hope of capturing King Albert and the entire Belgian government, but which was removed to Havre, France. It is reported that the Belgians and British will form a new battle line near Ostend.

of Rumania. October 12.—Ferdinand becomes king

is reported occupied by the Germans. Canada October 13.—Ghent

offers England a second expeditionary force of 22,000 men and the

British government cables a message of thanks. Martial law is proclaimed in South Africa, on announcement that Col. Maritz had rebelled with his command, in the northwest of the Cape provinces.

preparing to transfer great masses October IS.—The Germans are

of troops from the Russian border, so it was said, to the western field, for another advance on Paris.

sank the British cruiser October 16.—A German submarine

"Hawke"in the North Sea, making the seventh British cruiser sunk bv the Germans in the first ten weeks of the war, against eight German armored commerce destroyers, four cruisers, three submarines, two torpedo boat destroyers, and one torpdo boat, destroyed by the British.

There are a lot of things a Young Man ought to know THE BEST WAY TO LEARN IS TO STUDY GOOD

BOOKS.

YOUR READING COURSE CONTAINS SOME INTERESTING READING.

"THE FAIR GOD,"by Lew Wallace. A tale of the conquest of Mexico. Net-,

50c. By mail. 60c.

"Til KIR YESTERDAYS,"by Harold Bell Wright. Net, 50c. By mail, 60c.

"THE YOUNG FARMER;"by George B. Hill. \ splendid story of a boy wb..

takes his uncle's rundown farm and achieves success. Net, $1. By mail, $1.10.

'THE STORY OF CHESTER LAWRENCE,"by Nephi Anderson. Being the

complete account of one who played an important part in "Piney Ridge

Cottage."Postpaid, 75c.

"THE STORY AND PHILOSOPHY OF MORMONISM,"by Dr. James E.

Talmage. Cloth, postpaid, 50c.

"FROM CATTLE RANCH TO COLLEGE,"Doubleday. Net,50c. By mail, 60c.

THIS COMPLETE SET will cost you $3.80, postpaid. All worth while books.

ON SALE AT THE Deseret Sunday School Union Book Store 44 E\ST SOUTH TEMPLE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

WE ARE SOLE AGENTS FOR THE SCHAUB INDIVIDUAL

SACRAMENT SETS

Three Daily

Principles

1 "Safety First"The Most Direct "Courtesy** Route to or from 2 all California and 3 "Careful Attention

Arizona Points to Details.**

By the*e Each Operating Employ* of the Three Daily Trains Pledges between Salt Lake and Los Angeles His Faith.

For Literature, Folders, Rates, For Information Apply to

Etc., write CITY TICKET OFFICE. Hotel Utah

T. C.Peck. J. H. Ma.derfield, Salt Lake City

G.P.A., Los Angele. A.G.P.A.Sall Lake

II ///;\ URiriXG TO ADVERTISERS, please mention the improvement era

.

Many Events, Editorials, and contributed articles were crowded out of this number. We beg the correspondents to be patient.

Robert L. Harris, Roddey, South Carolina: "The Era is one of the best

magazines I have ever read. I wish it great success."

L. Albin Erickson, Malmo, Sweden, August 31: "The Era is a welcome

friend and each number gives us a renewed determination to promulgate the gospel truths."

Drop a card to the office direct, if your ERA should fail to reach you promptly. In the annual readjustment of thousands of names, errors some- A

times occur. This number begins a new volume. Subscribe today, if you are 1

not already listed.

Y. M. M. I. A. Officers should check up this month their membership, class

study and Manual work; and finish the canvass for the ERA. The special i

work for November, in addition, is to see that the special activities for contests and M. I. A. Day are promptly gotten under way. Begin now.

Elder Parry L. Harrison, Wellington, New Zealand: "Allow me to thank

you for the Era which I receive monthly, and to express my appreciation of it. Elders, Saints and friends anxiously await its coming each month, and

judging from results I should say if is the best worker in the conference. Mr.

John Palmer, town clerk for Wellington, and among New Zealand's"smartestand most influential men, has pronounced it "extraordinarily good.'

Improvement Era, November, 1914

Two Dollars per Annum with Manual Free

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter.

Joseph F. Smith, ) editors EBER J- Grant, Business Manager

Edward H. Anderson, \ Moroni Snow, Assistant

TABLE OF CONTENTS

The Rural Peace Frontispiece Late Summer. A Poem Alfred Lambourne 1

The Story of the Crystal Dr. James E. Talmage 3

Self and Rum. A Poem M. A. Stewart 7

The Country Cross Roads Alfred Lambourne 8

A Righteous Woman's Recompense—IV.

A Story Leila Marler Hoggan 11

Elders in Ohio Conference 22 Some Conditions of Success Dr. F. S. Harris 23

Music. A Poem Aubrey Parker 24

Evolution Arguments Analyzed Robert C. Webb 25

Have Courage Today. A Poem Sarah E. Mitton 33

Ward Teaching and Class Efficiency Rudger Clawson 34

Joseph Fielding Smith—An Appreciation J. A. G 38

Modern Industrial Achievements Dr. Joseph M. Tanner 46

The Viewpoint. A Poem Grace Ingles Frost 50

Does God Answer Prayer? Louis F. Moench 51

Government Investigation of the "Mormon"

Question Arthur L. Beeley 56

Value of True Education Edith E. Smith 63

Training for Leadership. Illustrated 68

r***s'Editors'Table—Review of Church Conditions—Peace Prest. Joseph F. Smith 74

. 82 A Prayer for Peace. Prest. Charles W. Penrose

The Power of Prayer to Promote Peace..Prest. Anthon H. Lund 84

Mutual Work—Scout Lessons for Juniors 89

Passing Events 92 ELIAS MORRIS & SONS CO. GEO. Q. MORRIS, Manager

Monuments, Mantels and Tile Cement Chimneys Mantels and Tiles set in all parts of State and Southern Idaho Write for free Catalogues of Mantels, also of Monuments 'IFhere the Fire Burnt* 1 21 W. South Temple St., Salt Lake City, Utah

BBMIWGTOM AUTOLOADING RIFL—ONI OF BHOWHIMO'I PATBMTB

Send for our Catalogue150 Pages, Illustrated. FREE

In it you will find described the above Rifle together with all other standard makes of firearms.

CO.. SKST BROWNING BROS.

ESTABLISHED 1860 INCORPORATED 1 SOS

S. M. TAYLOR & CO

UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS SUCCESSORS TO

E. JOSEPH TAYLOR

The Pioneer Undertaker of the West 53 years In one location 251253-255257 East First South St.

Salt Lake City, Utah

MODERN METHODS EFFICIENT SERVICE COMPLETE EQUIPMENT

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—about the Piano you're going to get for Christmas

Send for our catalogue and full information about our Special Three Year Payment plan and

Special Xmas offer to FILL OUT COUPON TODAY1 Era Readers is the time to act—to seriously considerDAYNESBEEBE MUSIC CO., Now

45 Main St., Salt Lake. our offers. Don't wait until the last minute or you

will probably find your home pianoless again thisGentlemen:—Please send me FREE postpaid,

catalogue and full information of yonr Special Christmas, as it has been other years.

Xmas offer.

Name.-ism* j Address OLDER THAN THE STATE OF UTAH

ASSETS LIFE INSURANCE Protects your family if you die MORE

THAN A Protects you if you live

MILLION Ask about our plan whick helps you to.accumulate DOLLARS an estate at the same time you are protecting your family.

WE WANT GOOD AGENTS IN EVERY TOWN

Beneficial Life Insurance Company

Joieph F. Smith, President Vermont Bldg., Salt Lake Lorenzo N. 5tohI,VicePre. & Mar.

OFFICERS

JOSEPH r. SMITH,

Pbhibint W. S. MCCORMICK,

YlCIPB IS1DIKT GRANT HAMPTON, Sect S Tkias, CEO. T. ODELL,

CBN't Manage* C. G. WRIGHT, AS DIRECTORY

JOSEPH F. SMITH FRANCIS M. LYMAH

W.. McCORNICK THOS. R. CUTLER

GEO. T. ODELL WILLIAM SPRY

L. WRATHALL -*!- S. O. C.WRIGHT8. BURTON JAMESHEBER SCOWCROFT

JAMES H. MOYLE OEO. D. KtVIIR

W. W. ARMSTRONG

HEN WRITING 10 ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA