ELDER ANTOINE R. IVINS

JULY 1954 THIS ADVERTISEMENT first appeared in the Chicago Daily

News, circulation over 500,000, in similar form and text. It will soon

appear in other metropolitan newspapers. Many persons have already

written to us expressing their view

that this advertisement will do great good in spreading the strong temperance message to hundreds of thousands of young people. This

advertising program is made possible by the tens of thousands of persons who insure their cars with us. You, too, can help this advertising project by insuring your car

with Preferred Risk. Extra copies

of this advertisement, for use on bulletin boards or for mail distribution, are available free on

request.

No Thanks—we don't drink.

THE PENDULUM HAS SWUNG... Every day more and more AND HERE IS SOMETHING ELSE THEY ARE LEARNING...

young people are saying, "No thanks... We don't drink."... More "it pays to abstain."

theseand more their young people are seeing with eyes what own are drink, a If you you not do... IN DOLLARS. IT PAYSalcohol alcohol is and picYES, what does. pretty the see they What to at savings Risk Preferred insurance auto a up can buy and 25%.ture so often in the see multicolored displays. shown something isTheynot instart policyholders, only with a In 1946, of temperance 200 anddifferent.

surance leaders, headed by Rev. Sam Morris, launched the Preferred

. see tragedies ItsThey mounting write Risk caused Insurance automobile homes, alcohol by Mutual broken Company. purpose:—to

brawls, industrial Its accidents, derelicts alcoholics, exclusively for hopeless insurance Skid.. not drink. people do Row who theory:—those

suicides, traffic our cities,that roam of accidents to accidents involving the murders, not help drink should not have do who pay for drinking that yearly take more than 8,000 lives and injure over those who do.... They should get a lower rate.

200,000! justified losses the... Fewer have

to over $2,000,000. TheTHESE YOUNG PEOPLE ARE WAKING UP.... They find you Today,lower rates.theoryCompanyhas becomeassetsactuality.have zoomed

to todon't drink be smart, have that say thanks"you can and "No to Pre200 policyholders have over 70,000. grown By its success,

..still fine. get along drinks. believe that everyone. They They history. ferred Risk insurance it has has made More important now

see total all abstainers over athletes, prominent clearly to abstain. it pays... proved America—wellknowndo not

political leaders, important businessmen. They find you don't have to

drink to be a success. If you are a nondrinker*, you qualify for this reduced rate auto insurance. For full details without obligation, return this coupon for an

are real learning the truthThey alcohol about automobiles. and They explanation immediate Preof the famous an quotation—including

... to youknow don't have be to be a killer drunk the highway on rates ferred Risk MeritDividend plan reducing to claimannually

isthat the social occasional just as drinker as a great menace the free drivers. do not have to wait until your present insurance You

...alcoholic that only ability impair can two drinks driving your more expires. now. Do it

..than. that c/r is responsible alcohol for to of all fatal 309f 40 25%

accidents... that last year alcohol traffic accidents killed three times "'IMPORTANT... Nondrinker means total abstainer. The occaas many people as polio! sional social drinker is not eligible for this auto insurance.

FOR'PAV HELP RISK MUTUAL?VwW F PREFERRED ACCIDEHTS

W. WHO S?* "THETHOSE INSURANCE COMPANY

501 Judge Bldg. Salt Lake City, l)tah| ERA-7 REFERRED RISK

Please send me, without obligation, complete information on your Auto Insurance for Total Abstainers. MUTUAL INSURANCE CO.

Name Ages of all drivers ()()() "America's NonAssessable Total Abstainers

Address City State Automobile Insurance Company"

Make of Car Year Model & Body Type 501 JUDGE BUILDING Use of Car: fj Business fj Pleasure My Auto Insur-

] To and From Work.... Miles one way ance Expires SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Month Marital with Children Married Status Q Day Phone 4-1931 r—i I

<—i e*Singlea i i irii Singlec- o of...DriverPrincipal i iLivinq a at* uHome Year

the cracker ttat -features

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

/areful studies of watershed management and flood control in Davis

County, Utah, have been by made the Club Crackers by Purity have ofForest Service the States United Department of Agriculture. Tests of a fresh, new flavor... rich 'n

ninetyseven sites in Utah found that with normal plant cover the runoff is buttery... and a crisp, flaky

about five percent of the rainfall applied, texture.

but as the protective cover is decreased, it was found that nearly bare areas You'll love their smart new yield from twenty to eighty percent runoff. Centerville canyon with careshape, too!

ful handling and conservative grazing had no mudrock floods in 1923 or 1930 as were produced by neighboring canyons. To rehabilitate the upper

watersheds of the six other canyons, control of fire and grazing, contour trenching, and reseeding were carried out by federal and state agencies in coopera- tion with the local people. This prevented floods in the heavy rains of

1945 which caused a third of a million dollars damage to the north side of

Salt Lake City. The damage resulting

from the Davis County floods, plus the repair of the watersheds, cost about two hundred times the value of the watershed lands for grazing.

7V new aluminumbase paint has been developed which will withstand 1700F. for a few minutes, or much

longer at lower temperatures. The paint

consists of a silicone vehicle plus solvent heavily loaded with finely ground aluminum powder with some chemical additives. The new paint will be useful for jetengine parts, steam apparatus,

and metal stacks from furnaces.

A Malay puffing fish has the ability to swallow air in large gulps until it is a tight round ball. This the fish

does when it is taken from the water and rubbed on the ground. If the fish,

when puffed up, is thrown on the ground, it bounces. When it gets back

in the water, it blows out the air and swims away.

/arveth Wells tells of tests he made in Malaya with a leech's sense of smell. Placed on the ground fifteen

yards away the leech, a bloodsucking, segmented worm, would stand on end, apparently scenting the air in all directions, and then make a direct line for Wells Carveth Pocatello and climb through PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Saft Lake Phoenix of his boot. eyeletthe

JULY 1954 481 THE INARTICULATE PREMISES

by Dr. G. Homer Durham

VICE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

f")N May 5, 1954 President Eisenhower, pose the reason why the young often upon the return of Secretary of oppose the hard work that goes with

State Dulles from Geneva, issued an deep straight thinking in school or colofficial statement endorsing the princilege is that it takes so much effort.

ples of "collective security."Said he: Also, because when we are young, the

"The United States believes in aseffort to solve theoretical problems does suring the peace and integrity of nanot always seem worth while. Yet, the

tions through collective action...."ability of the race to survive undoubtedZo&tfy i Hethe thenInterAmericanmentioned the Agreement,United Nations,the lylearnrestshardon thethinkingpower ofso individualsthat the into

North Atlantic Treaty agreements, "and articulate premises in any proposition

IDEALS GOSPEL Selections given by a whole series of Pacts in the Pacific"may be grasped. Then and only then from discourses

in David some O. McKay which lurk the dangers "These can he meant. examples of what

of David O. as personality and The wisdom avoided. and propositions be identified "are invariably arrangements,"in this magnificent he said, vividly set forth McKay

volume wards betterpilots everyboth theday youngliving. andAn oldinestito- to assure the peaceful security of the Likewise, then, the hidden truths and

that treasures, keepsake for your collection mable hidden likelitreasures, even to prevent of pricecontracting nations and less books. sought, appreothers $4.00 can be are lie beneath not arrangethey hood of attack;

ments designed primarily for waging ciated, and used to advantage.

war."The President then said that The articulate premises in President

"plans are proceeding for Eisenhower's announcethe realization of a ment of a SATOin-procSoutheast Asia security ess are that by binding arrangement"as publicly us to Viet Nam, Camsuggested by Dulles on bodia, Laos, and perhaps

March 29, 1954. Pakistan, Burma, et al.,

Thus the principle of we and they can be procollective security—the tected from "attacks."

effort to apply to nations Thus can "free nations"the scheme which undersafeguard their security, lies civil society, namely, including ourselves. Moreagreement leading to action under law over the purpose stated is for the prebecomes even more firmly imbedded in vention of attack and not to wage war.

American foreign policy. With war There is much to be said for these

raging in IndoChina, the formal anpremises as purposes. History shows

L.D.S. STORIES ADVENTURE Nibley nouncement by the President of the consupport for cooperation, for group acCompiled by Preston

A compilation of fastmoving stories suittemplated Southeast Asia pact (a tion. History also shows that mere

in the able auxiliaries for use various of "SATO"to mesh with the NATO of agreement, whether in a constitution,, Stories the great Church. of value to the

teachers of youth. XI OO the North AtlanticMediterranean retreaty, or other legal document, is worthgion) takes on unusual interest. less unless backed by public spirit and

Logical propositions are supposed to sentiment strong enough to support it include clearly stated, or understood, when the going is tough. The Constiassumptions or bases. These are known tution of the United States is in point. It

as the "premises."It is assumed genwould never have been ratified had not

erally that they are "articulate,"i.e., a few dauntless leaders marshalled pubclear, known, or knowable, understood. lic spirit and used their full political

The most interesting things, however, ingenuity on its behalf. The record of

about any proposition, logical or illogiits adoption by a handful of votes in is sufficient Virginia York and New "inarticulate cal, are the premises"—the

its initial together demonstration, with are not assumptions which underlying clearly stated nor generally understood, rejection in North Carolina and Rhode but which can be grasped, surmised, or Island. Further, Lincoln's efforts to

anticipated only by deep and careful preserve it; his willingness to assume

thinking. The reason why college prodictatorial powers in 1861 (which he

fessors insist on the value of "story did) to put armies in the field and.::-;.:..:;.:..;.; problems"in mathematics, on the study place a blockade around southern ports

crucial. history could he lost, was Had political economic and philosophy, of BEFORE COLUMBUS AMERICAS THE his detertyrant. as a But him know Farnsworth By thinking of clear Dewey theology, theory, and

parallel on the fascinating Mayan A prevailed, courage mination and and students can not is so that generally, in the recorded civiliBook the people zation and is greatest as "the miLincoln Dwells on the two great of known Mormon. also the inarticulate, but only grasp the Americas. to the grations

it col- a American."with be might So c c qq implications or articulate assumptions

its If pact. lective security outgood involved in any proposition—whether weighs its evil in principle, can it be

it be a proposal of marriage, or "opmade to prevail for its major purposes;

portunities"to purchase uranium stock, for good and not for evil? 1186BookcraftSouth Main Salt Lake City, Utah

gold bricks, or someone's ideas. I sup- (Continued on page 523)

482 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA life *>me Making Peasant more

Pleasant home life is reflected in the appearance and character of the community. Natural gas, bringing

added comfort, convenience, economy and cleanness to many thousands of intermountain homes, can takesome credit for making many intermountain cities more attractive as places to live and to visit. Extension of

natural gas service to more homes in this area is going forward as fast as exploration and distribution facilities can be expanded. Our best efforts are

constantly being devoted to that end.

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY CO.

JULY 1954 483 Cy tidal VJraavi of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD "The Voice of the Church"TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF

Uke Lnurcn or

/jeiii6 L-nri&t

of <=>LatterdaiA faints rw VOLUME 57 NUMBER 7 JJy 1954

Editors: DAVID 0. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Production Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT - Research Editor: ALBERT L. Jhe Lcovef

ZOBELL, JR - Manuscript Editor: IRIS PARKER

Contributing Editors: ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT - G. HOMER DURHAM

S. HARRIS, NIBLEY A. PALMER FRANKLIN JR. - HUGH the features month Era cover this The - B. - SPERRYLEE SIDNEY CLAUDE President of Antoine photograph - S. REEDER latest R. General Manager: Associate Manager: BERTHA ELBERT B. CURTISPETERSEN

Business Manager: JOHN D. GILES - Advertising Director: VERL F. SCOTT R. Ivins of the First Council of the

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR Seventy. The study is the work of Lignell

& Gill. President Ivins was sustained a

member of the First Council of the

Seventy at the October 1931 general conference of the Church. (See also page

The Editor's Pac 496.)—<$>—

The concluding instalment of Stanley

Love and Hope as Antidotes to Hate...President David O. McKay 493 Kimball's "In the Steps of Abraham"will

appear in the August issue.

Church Features

BUSINESS OFFICES EDITORIAL AND Fielding 495 Resurrection. Smith Your on the Joseph Question—Alma Street Main 50 North Seventy of the the First Council Antoine Ridgeway Ivins—of St. Offices, Y.M.M.I.A. 50 North Main

Ivins Florence Hyde 496 Offices, North Main St. Y.W.M.I.A. 40

(Genealogy) A Successful Book of Remembrance Project—Ray L. Jones 503 Salt Lake City 1, Utah

Inc., Funds, Corpora1954 by a Mutual Copyright New Approaches to Book of Mormon Study—Conclusion

tion Improvement Mutual of the Young Men's......Hugh Nibley 506 Christ of Jesus Association of the Church

Subreserved. Saints. All rights Latterday

foreign price, MIA Playwriting Contest for 1954, Genealogy 503 scription of a year, in advance; S2.50

Keith M. Engar 486 Melchizedek Priesthood 528 subscriptions, $3.00 a year, in advance; 25c

The Church Moves On 488 Presiding Bishopric's Page 530 single copy.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing

Special Features at1103,specialAct rateof Octoberof postage1917,providedauthorizedfor in Julysection2, 1918.

To Help Guide Our Youth—Do I Understand Myself? ThesolicitedImprovementmanuscripts,Era butis notwelcomesresponsiblecontributions.for unby sufficient manuscripts must be accompanied Antone K. Romney and Henry L. Isaksen 504 All

return. for delivery postage and The Era Sets a New Subscription Record John D. Giles 508

Explorer Peak Russell McDonald 514

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Change of Address '...Richard L. Evans 494, 516, 518, 520, 539 dress.Fifteen Whendays'noticeorderingrequireda change,for changeplease includeof adslip the magazine. of issue recent from address a These Times, Inarticulate PremThe the Universe, Franklin S. Exploring unless the old be changes cannot made Address

ises, 482 is Durham G. Homer included. well one as as the address new 481 Harris, Jr Your Page 544 and Ours

Today's Family Virginia Cutler Says: "Cooking is Heart Cleaning, Rhea W. Ander-

a Science And An Art"532 son 536 National Advertising Representatives for SaltRising Recipe Wanted: Porch, Ruth Jeffrey.538 That Fix Up..534 Bread

If Franklin Best Put Foot Forward, Your I Were in My Teens, BilEDWARD S.RussTOWNSENDBuilding COMPANY

S. Harris, Sr 535 lee Thomas Peel 539 San Francisco, California

EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

1324 Wilshire Blvd.

( Stories, Poetry SADLERLosANDAngelesSANGSTON17, CaliforniaASSOCIATES 342 Madison Ave.

New York 17, N. Y. Handcarts Westward—Part 5 Helen Kimball Orgill 500

Wayfarer's Sonnet, Mabel Tuttle Poetry Page 492 30DAVISN. LaSalle& SONSSt.

Craig 486 Now Comes the Day, Gene Romolo.520 Chicago, Illinois

Frontispiece: Affinity, Grace Barker Gold Hunting, Mary E. Willison....525

Wilson 491 Smithereens, Thomas Usk 538 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

484 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the newest look in bathrooms is..

Often the most subtle, yet certainly the most important influence in smart tastefully decorated homes is the use of color. Look around you

and you'll discover that your very mood is often influenced by the colors you see. An outdated prosaic

color scheme can be as disenchanting as an old hat. But today's loveliest interiors include fresh, soft, distinctive colors, inspired by—a chaff

of wheat—the silky underside of a

spring leaf—wet sand on a lonely

beach. Yes, many things. The newest glazes by Pomona Tile are these

that are as A kinds of colors—colors

fresh and inviting as mountain air—shades from which to start your

own color schemes. Consult your

local Pomona Tile Contractor today.

SEND FOR FREE BOOKLET!

POMONA TILE

"- >- 1 - MANUFACTURING COMPANY 629 No. La Brea, Los Angeles 36, Calif.

Pomona's real clay tile colors never fade or become dull. Gentlemen:

I do want a truly lovely home. Please send me

your colorful new brochure entitled "Tile Trends"right away.

NAMEADDRESS.

CITY. STATETILE POMONA MANUFACTURING COMPANYCalifornia La Brea Avenue Los Angeles, 629 North PIOME OFFICES:

SEATTLE SAN FRANCISCO LONG BEACH POMONA NORTH HOLLYWOOD PHOENIX SALT LAKE CITY KANSAS CITY, MO. ARKANSAS CITY, KANSAS F. E. Biegert Co., Dist. lor DENVER & DALLAS

Lingerie: courtesy I. Magnin & Co. Accessories: courtesy Barker Bros., Inc.

JULY 1954 485

MIA PLAYWRITING CONTEST FOR 1954

by Keith M. Engar

YMMIA GENERAL BOARD

Curtain going up! Whenever that eral boards have developed the origiphrase is heard there is new exnal play contest for 1954.

citement in scores of ward recreaThis book of plays mentioned above tion halls throughout the Church. The is prepared each year for the drama

reason? The curtain is going up on directors in the ward and stake Mumore and more MIA plays which have tuals, and plays included are prebeen written by LDS authors. Ward sented throughout the Church. Of

members are discovering to their surrecent years more and more original prise and delight that promising playplays have been included. THIS AMAZING NEW WAY wrights right are living among them Rules contest, of entry for the which SIMPLY TO MAKE JAM IS the and providing congregation with closes 15, are simple. 1954, November SENSATIONAL!

YOU DON'T COOK OR the thrill of a "world premier."Each entry must be accompanied by with jams made BOIL

thecookedoriginal,jam recipesexclusivedevelun- To stimulate further development a letter from the playwright containthe plays authors, by introduced and oped of LDS following: LDS ing the (a) and name

a year by JAM general have boards announced address just MIA of title playwright; of (b) M.C.P.PECTIN. agoJELLY AND

result, a get As jam you for original contest play 1954 with an manuscript; fruit that (c) a statement color), flavor the (and with 100% fresh

for nothing reason, you useis cookedless fruitaway.and Forsugar,theyetsameget a prize of two hundred dollars for manuscript is original and submitted

a pint—jam each from more cup of

fruit! comfortable more a the winning fulllength play, two for entry in the contest and that it And much how

—procedure stove! working hot fulldollars hundred for the winning has not been published; (d) if based. and BERRYno IT'S FRESH TIME overNOWa

whether you make uncooked. cooked. length musical production, one and currently on a copyright there work there's certain thing jams, you'll one—or be

sure of M.C.P. PECTIN.success every(Importanttime withNote:dependableComhundred and fifty dollars for the winmust be attached to this story form a

short prizes play. will plete ning recipes Second both cooked and written uncooked statement the from copyright

are jams being in the packed nowfor M.C.P.

all awarded, also be plays suband If for the owner Folder Recipe release the PECTIN you for dramatizaget does include the uncooked jam package.NOT will mitted for considered be tion puband write recipes, production. Citrus Mutual Co., Products of AnThe the name

Calif.; they'll sent aheim, promptly. and be lication in the 195556 Book author MIA of not must be included the on

Plays. manuscript itself.

WANT CREAMY FRENCH Many stakes have been doing out- A folder with the complete details DRESSING THAT WILL NOT of their original as part standing work is of the contest available reupon SEPARATE?

for schedules; example, regular every quest. Ail plays entered ofbe must IT PECMAKE WITH

not but Just any TIN of in Salt Stake Ensign Lake fered to the drama for committee.. it pectin. for can't be ward 'jfa[. ( 'vvjaifeO'TkS-J

with M.C.P. original or City produced one more publication in the Book MIA of PECdoneJAM JELLY ANDexcept

the unique TIN and recipe plays during the 195354 season, and Plays for 195556 on terms to be arLaboratory. Kitchen developed by the M.C.P.

just to of the one top numerous it off, the presented plus values stake MIA ranged between the author and pubget It'syou you when and buy use M.C.P. PECoriginal is operetta. an not of the lishers. only the And, nonseparating TIN. feaSome

this fine it of ture dressing is so appealing, serious; plays were some were so too, so economical, to and easy make. Manuscripts letters and should be all the from over country sent have Women all exciting comedies; exbut provided this fine for recipe, Dressing M.C.P. French to: addressed Original Play MIA Conletters inand received expresshave many been for periences playwrights Church and its test, approval ing of qualities. If wonderful Drama Committee, 40 North like this to recipe, you'd too, have simply audiences.

request a the Salt Main, send to M.C.P. Kitchen LabLake City 1, Utah.

it oratory, Calif.; will Anaheim, sent be you

if threshold the It is as were on we without charge. promptly

of a new use for the arts in advancing

A REAL THIRSTQUENCHER the work of the gospel. In many re-

-AND SO QUICK AND EASY spects our musicians have shown the WAYFARERS'SONNET

TO MAKE! way, as in the case of the inspiring

Tuttle By Mabel Craig by Dr. Mormoii Oratorio OLDFASHIONED of

.. in Book made LEMONADE

seconds least without.the which broke LeRoy of life J. Robertson, all,rpHE caravan moves surely on bother, inexpensand so ively, too... with readyattendance records for the Utah * And humped upon our camels, we keep

M.C.P. S-\SL stride CANNED Orchestra. However, many Symphony One JUICE! '"""". of Afraid t-JI desert darkness and its dawn, LEMONtousesmall can glasses 12 makes providing fine playwrights been have at less than Afraid cdst of to the bottles of 12 the break of pattern ride. the

soft drinks.% most for better And how much if find But the we courage to leave reflect benow our plays us with which children, for everyone! For, M.C.P.

footprints our And make is the sand, own upon pure, unadulterated, JUICE LEMONthe liefs ideals. splendid auSuch and fullstrength juice, rich in C. Vitamin ride Those will never on care who nor

.. "reconstituted". contains NOT no as Hale, thors and Ruth Nathan grieve of It'spreservatives kind, as any such unthey than more could ever sulphur wholesome dioxide No understand or benzoate Liljenquist, Fox, Clark of Luacine Don soda. precaution the read of That reached a parting we the have ways label carefully(It's juice, a wisewhen you buy tolemon Mitchell, L. Clair Likes, Albert O. and earthly pursuit Where ends and heaven ) or bottled. canned Pure, wholesome M.C.P.

is starts, so convenient, so to few, JUICE only a devoted econommention have LEMON ical, in useful so so you'll never ways many Where for a all have we choice made our it. talents their of to a large part to writing be want for without Write a FREE days; Folder the to Recipe M.C.P. Kitchen Labfor the plays MIA. Calif. Anaheim, there's M.C.P. (And are hands bleeding Our now, but not our

If too. groyour JUICE, oratory,FROZEN LEMON hearts.

it, is It cer it hasn't easily got to for get of he encourage can you.) the more work

in this lonely place And lurk, no shadows quality that high the same genMIA shall For be we our about Father's work!

486 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Tonic For Our Times Richard L. Evans

For a jaded and distraught world, these writings are genuine spiritual refreshment. Each "sermonette"calls us away from

superficialities and selfdeceiving platitudes and practices to the living practicality of the timeless truths.

$2.50

Other popular books in this series of Sunday morning "sermonettes"by Richard L. Evans are:

2. AND THE SPOKEN WORD $2.00

3. AT THIS SAME HOUR $2.00

4. THIS DAY AND ALWAYS $2.00

5. UNTO THE HILLS $2.00

11. The Holy Ghost

Oscar W. McConkie volume are the Church History and one handy Here in

various sources of authority on the his personage and Ghost, Holy Modern Revelation his attributtes, and his relapower, tion to the Father and the Son. A Joseph Fielding Smith

vital subject clearly presented.

Set of outline Here the an—

history of first the Church,is the from $3.50 1 eventfulvisionTwo Volumeof to the his Prophet Joseph martyrdom.

All revelations are given, with the circumstances under which they were revealed being explained.

10. $7.50 for the set

Know the Bible Benjamin B. Alward

This book will stimulate even further interest in the Bible. Fifty

vital questions are answered here by 800 important and familiar Bible quotations.

$1.00 Brigham Young, the

12. Man and His Work

Preston Nibley

life great of the story intimate Mormon is the

Presistress special on leader, with and Pioneer Stories Herecolonizer

Preston Nibley dent Young's teachings from his letters and sermons. book, This compiled under the direc- $3.00 tion of Bishopric, the will Presiding

give young people of the Church an active interest in the heroic deeds and daring accomplishments of their pioneer forefathers who settled and subdued the Western deserts. Kimball J. Golden $2.00 1 Claude Richards

The telling wit, good humor, and genuine greatness of J. Golden Kimball are captured in this biography, along with priceless selections from his talks and sayings.

$4.00

m—\ CMMMM r|T3 Deseret mil 44 Fast South Temple - Salt Lake City. Utah

DESERET BOOK COMPANY

44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

Gentlemen: Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money order ( ) charge to my account for the following encircled The Mormon (numbered) books: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 Pioneers

8 9 10 11 12. E. Cecii McGavin

Name timateFor thoseaccountwho wouldof thelike historican inAddress trek... aacrosswealththeof plainsvaluablein infor1847

City Zone... State mation... thisneverbook assembledwill be of beforegreat

Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax. significance.

I $1.98 JULY 1954 487 The Church Moves On A Day To Day Chronology Of Church Events

Council of the Twelve dedicated the j O President Oscar A. Kirkham of

April 1954 chapel of the Rifle (Colorado) Branch, -*- the First Council of the Seventy

Western States Mission. dedicated the chapel of the Rochester

Elder Assistant to Longden, John10 Central Branch, North (Minnesota) as Elder E. sustained Nielson GlennAO the of the Council dediTwelve, also will building States Mission. The president of Big Horn (Wyoming)cated to addition of the an chapel the

of Information. as serve a Bureau Stake, Elders Peterson with H. Reynold Junction (Colorado)Grand Branch, services throughout evening Sunday as Briggs sustained Miles and Hartson States Mission.Western

restorathe the Church commemorated President counselors. succeed They

1 A Elder John Longden, Assistant to Frank H. Brown and his counselors, tion of the Aaronic Priesthood.

A "the Council of the Twelve, dediElders William M. Stevens and Mercated the chapel of the Paradox (Colorill B. Tew. 1 A Elder Hugh B. Brown, Assistant

rado) Branch, Western States Mission. * "to the Council of the Twelve,

the Lyndhurst chapel of the for the rededicated formulated were Plans \ It that President announced was J. States "Northern Branch, (Wisconsin) missionary of guide and newal24 over Clark, Jr., with Reuben Mission. City's Welfare Salt at service Lake years of service, has beentwentyone

season. tourist the during coming Square First longer Presidencya of the member the was this S. Bennion direction It sumthe will Elder under Adam be dispensation. in thisthan anyone The 21 for the speaker F. Royall. of Elder again, Paul commencement mer, years record, twentyoneprevious and of the College class of graduating

Presidentseven held by Joseph days, was like Clark, President Presi- A President Stephen L Richards of Southern Utah, Cedar City.F. Smith.

dent Smith, has served as counselor to "the First Presidency dedicated the three Church presidents. chapel of the Orangeville Ward, Emery OO It was announced that Belle S.

""Spafford, general president of the The Los Angeles Temple baptismal (Utah) Stake.

font went on exhibition for two days at Mothers were honored in special proRelief Society, and Marba C. Josephson

the sculptor's studios in southeastern grams in the Sunday Schools of the of the YWMIA general board would

Salt Lake City before it was sent east Church. leave soon for Europe to represent these

for casting in bronze. organizations at the triannual international conference of thirtyfour Na-

1 Assistant Helsinki, in of B. Brown, Elder tional Councils Hugh WomenO

-*--* travel to sisters to the of the plan Twelve, Council Finland. Both jr** Presidentcated the chapelDavid O.of McKaythe Madisondedi- 1

(Wisconsin) Branch, Northern States dedicated the chapel of the Cedar extensively in Europe.

Mission. Rapids (Iowa) Branch, Northern States

Elder Barry P. Knudsen sustained as Mission. Elder Harold B. Lee of the Counpresident of the San Diego (California) 23 5cil of the Twelve dedicated the

Stake, with Elders Daniel Kristjanson 1 i\ Elder Hugh B. Brown, Assistant chapel of the Paradise Ward, Hyrum

and Kenneth Teeples Calder as coun- "to the Council of the Twelve, (Utah) Stake.

selors. The new presidency succeeds dedicated the chapel of the Galesburg Elder Hugh B. Brown, Assistant to the

President Wallace W. Johnson and his (Illinois) Branch, Northern States MisCouncil of the Twelve, dedicated the

counselors, Elders Lawrence R. Crandall sion. chapel of the TriCities Branch at Rock

and Enery W. Willardson. Island, Illinois, in the Northern States

Mission.

O A Elder John Longden, Assistant to The annual twoday allChurch ** in dediof the Twelve, opened "the Council 14 volleyball tournament de- O. David McKay 94. President Torrington the of teams chapel City. the Twentyfourcated Salt Lake the day livered commencement

States playoffs. Branch, Western the in entered(Wyoming) were

of Ricks Coladdress graduates to the

Mission. Elder Hugh B. Brown, Assistant to the lege, Rexburg, Idaho.

Council of the Twelve, dedicated the chapel of the Champaign (Illinois)'

May 1954 Branch, Northern States Mission. 0 In appropriate dedicatory ceremonies the physical science build-

1 A new program, designed to faciliing at Brigham Young University was their i held outings for wards F. *- C Many the Physical "Carl Eyring named work, tate record keeping in temple

of the boysin commemoration * "Science President Center"O. by David the temHenceforth announced.was

ple "heir"will be dropped, and the 125th anniversary of the restoration of McKay. Dr. Eyring, nationally known

name of a. family representative inserted the Aaronic Priesthood. physicist, was dean of the BYU College

on records going to the temple. Also Clearfield First Ward, North Davis of Arts and Sciences at the time of his

new files will be established in the tem- (Utah) Stake won the allChurch voldeath in 1951. Also, thirteen sections

ples for the issuing of names for leyball tournament by defeating Mesa of the building were named for other ordinance purposes. First Ward, Maricopa (Arizona) Stake. scientist members of the Church. Parts

Ogden Fortysecond Ward, Lorin Farr of the building will henceforth be

O President David O. McKay dedi- (Utah) Stake, won the consolation title, known as Orson Pratt Astronomical Ob-

"catecl the chapel of the Cleveland and Fairview South Ward, North Sanservatory, John A. Widtsoe Lecture Hall,

(Ohio) Branch, Great Lakes Mission. pete (Utah) Stake was awarded the Charles E. Maw Organic Laboratories,

Elder John Longden, Assistant to the sportsmanship trophy. (Concluded on page 522)

488 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Who gets the money Standard takes in?

Goods and services—Crude oil was a big item. Wear and tear, depreciNew construction, such as

cost us $324,743,000. This To supplement ourown large ation and maintenance improved refinery facilities,

was spent with thousands production we bought $135,- amounted to $157,834,000. to supply you with more and

of firms, large and small 600,000 worth from crude Millions went to workmen better products, added up to in hundreds of cities. oil producers. and material firms. $145,000,000.

Exploration to replace oil Employees'wages for Taxes paid by Standard 112,000 shareholders'our customers use is costly, time worked took $163,- to U. S., states, counties, profits came from what was

Our steppedup search to 947,000 of our income. Ancities came to $106,300,000 left—$86,020,000 or about

find new oil reserves cost us other $43,000,000 went—enough to buy plenty of 5H# for each dollar's worth

$79,000,000 in 1953. for employee benefits. schools, bridges, etc. of Company stock.

Your picture belongs here, too. Because most of the

$1,156,757,000 Standard Oil Company of California took in last year ended up with you—the public. Whether one of the

hundreds of millions of dollars worth of checks Standard wrote last year was sent to you, or spent with you, or helped make possible better gasoline and oil for your car, you and practically everyone else in the West benefited. Thousands

of merchants and professional people in hundreds of towns profited from the pay checks Standard Oilers spent. Our tax

payments helped finance schools for your children, parks for vacationers, and bridges for motorists. Carpenters, steelmen,

lumberjacks benefited from the facilities we built and the maintenance work we did. It all fits together: 1953 was a good

year for Standard because so many of you thought our products well made and worth buying. And by making it a good

year for us, you made it a good year for many others.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

JULY 1954 489 EVERYTHING you need for a

T&oadetfait 1/acatto*t KSL TZtuUa

490 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The hearts of desert men will always know

The wide gray stretch of buttes and sandy waste;

The sound of night winds moaning as they go

AFFINITY About old ruins, or rush by in haste

To overtake the dawn; the close hung stars

Above the dark, in their retreat to points by Grace Barker "Wilson Of twinkling light against the sky. No scars

Of ages there appear, as night anoints

With a vast calm. On rare occasions when

The quick rains fall, the desert springs to bloom

In brilliant cactus hues, and sage again

Gives out its tangy odor. Elbow room

Enough is there, unhampered to unroll

The pull of dim horizons on the soul.

—Photograph by Hal Rumel

JULY 1954 491 PIONEER MOTHER

By Janet Moore Beside her man on the wagon seat,

Lulling her babe through fevered pain,

She staunchly faced the alien land

Across far miles of windswept plain.

But with the ax, the plow, the seed,

THE SHINING VALLEY DISTANT MOUNTAINS Implements of provident ways,

She'd hidden away some cherished bits

By LeRoy Burke Meagher By Thelma Ireland Of hoarded beauty for lonely days:

in earth; shoot mossrose dampened A the witnessed mountain moment whitehaired, queenly mountain I heThe gold; brightedged with Tennyson, A folthe entered they stream and when peaks, silver of coin spoons wedding Her their lowed wagons older, colder, grows day When hold. to for heart Treasure hand and salt heat. foothills into whiteover sagegray stoles velvet blue, cloudshadow Throw still lake distant were the pines andThe shoulder. each bony Around to conquer, strove tame they While first the dedicated, who andas ground was

came This hostile land, with vague misgiving, began their work according to his words: MY FLAG Theirtouchchildren should know like a gentle

Open the waiting desert with your plows, These token fragments of gracious living.

drop the seeds carried westward from NauBy Gladys Hesser Burnham voo, THE ADVENTURERS and water of snows will purify the soil; Swelling with a pride that's near to

Let your homes quicken this shining valley bursting By Elaine V. Emans

and build this earth into your land My heart and soul rejoice with freedom's that your temples may rise from its unsong. never knew if he were glad of life

quarried granite. Paeons of joy arise, and there's an aching I Until I saw him running in the rain

As Old Glory swells, unfurls, and ripples With his two children—hurrying to his wife

THE BROOK SINGS AGAIN Defiancestrongto the weak; and sorely thirsting And plainhome and suppertime. And it was

By Wendell B. Hammond People everywhere can hope at length, That living was a simple thing, and good,

Though eyes are blurred with tears of wistful To him who held a little hand of each h, world that once so gentle was and longing, Small figure in its bright raincoat and hood, striding and free she waves in freedom's As proud reach its snorter Trying to make strength. Its father's, not well it could do it. knowingo sure,joyous song of brook with meaningOh,

pure, For, as they made their way between the

Oh, tree which, holding fast to earth's sweet puddles, face, MILLPOND He ran with them not as a man who huddles

In rain, but loved from the heavens bring sustaining Did halfway downit, andthebystreetthis I allknewthreeit: By Eloise Wade Hackett When grace.

began of the sure these memories to Are brings back memory To laugh about the weather, as they ran! name blest, rtE rest? of the legends altered But still so calm and A pond

It seemed a giant looking glass LEAPING FAUNS

Yet those who'd listened long and heeded Reflecting the old mill.

well By fessica Lewis Discerned with surety what brook did tell;

mill the photographed day; one did I that brook the words rock shaped That lilt ballerina's sylphid 7V

defies detection, print The say. ** Apollo's eye enchants

is there the flawless image So that of their wondrous sons knew what But glissades pirouettes she and When reflection. mill which and Which lay? fly. to tulled in tutus

At life it takes watchful a toes fluttering in entrechats eye Her

As to true. false the from are petals lastsong—orthere wereworthfewofwhobrookcouldor tree.agree ThroughTo tell in the wind

alert the ear must be more paths of thistledown Much She wafts on

Then far later one was moved to search, the gives conscience she's adagiospinned! When clue. when

to find kind; of selfsame a rock brook higher At

toil and tears by it was foundAnd and FAITH OF OUR PIONEER MOTHERS ScheherazadePavlova, DyingNijinskySwans dreamed, grace, both engraved on Venus now

Hewn fauns! are deathless leaping as the first from the same primal By Mabel Law Atkinson

base; touching close, a sapling, green andAnd TLJow could you do it, Granny—leave your DESERT NOTE fair,

* * home From seed of tree by someone planted there.

ease and beauty, and across the loam By Georgia Moore Eberling And deserts, a handcart push rock Of and tree brook by again the Sings cliffs burn redly in the be. truth, voice of should as gentle "The a world In made my child, allwe themustway?"obey The gaunt pink

And follow where it leads. It was not heat,

DESERT DEED For hard,I had John, and we both loved the TheOf moltenpale, hotmetal,sand iswherelike atheflamingdesertssheetmeet.

By Bertha R. Hudelson JohnLordwas your grandpa—and beneath my The writhing Joshua trees fling tortured

heart, arms, Thoughtless fingers of the glittering sun The miracle of life... Joy can impart The cactus brandishes sharp, twinedged

Brush each flowering thing with golden A song to suncracked lips; ease rweary daggers,

brooms feet."The hawk and eagle chant their strident

And make no promise when the day is done (Old eyes illumed, were reminiscentsweet.) psalms,

To ease fatigue and thirst of the bright "We saw the light ahead that does not And everywhere the thirsty mesquite stagblooms. fail."gers.

"Surely you faltered, Granny, on the trail

But a kind wind will pause in its gay race When Grandpa died?"I paused. She But someone lived here once; a doorstep

Beside a pool in shade of butte or tree smiled and said, stands,

To gather coolness for each drooping face "My dear, God walked beside me in his Its worn treads almost buried by the sands,

And lave the aching petals tenderly. stead."Mute evidence of someone's busy hands.

492 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA y>ovXiK?v:

\:.:..

1 A pmm

Love and Hope As Antidotes to Hate y President David O. McKay

"Let not your heart he troubled: ye believe I am sure that the Lord will open up the way for

in God, believe also in me."(John 14:1.) the consummation of his purposes.

There are many things as a Church for which

Such were the words given by Jesus to his Aposwe should be grateful and hopeful. Conditions

tles just at the conclusion of the Last Supper. were never more favorable or more promising in

If he could offer such consolation on that the Church than today. There are many facts

solemn occasion, facing betrayal and death as he we might mention that would justify our souls was, I am sure that he would say the same to the being lifted, our hearts encouraged, and our people today, many of whom feel discouraged hopes brightened. Our plain duty is to move

and distressed. Absolute faith in Christ will forward with a determination to do what the Lord

drive out fear and will alleviate sorrow. We have requires of us, "to do justly, and to love mercy,

a beautiful hymn written by Sister Emily H. and to walk humbly with thy God."(Micah 6:8.)

Woodmansee, that expresses that thought: Absolute trust in the Lord will awaken a desire, at least, to try to live in accordance with

"When dark and drear the skies appear, Christ's teachings, chief of which is to love, not

And doubt and dread would thee enthrall, hate one another. Now, as perhaps never before,

Look up, nor fear, the day is near, all men, and especially Latterday Saints, should

And Providence is over all."preach and practise the gospel of love, and decry

as well as deplore manifestations of ill will and

It is true the world is passing through a period hate.

of transition, of sorrow, and, to many, of despair. "... he that hateth his brother is in darkness,

And now as never before we should put our trust and walketh in darkness, and knoweth not whither in God, "stand fast in the faith, quit you like men, he goeth, because that darkness hath blinded his be strong."(I Cor. 16:13.) eyes."(I.John 2:11.)

Notwithstanding the topsyturviness of the In answer to a lawyer's question, which is the world generally, I would bring a word of engreat commandment in the law, Jesus answered in couragement, a note of cheer, a message of hope one word, "Love,"and then he specifically and faith. I say this first because I have faith in stated whom we should love; first, the Lord "with

the overruling power of Providence. Man, all thy heart, and with all thy soul,... and with

through his littleness, through his rejection of the all thy mind"; and, second, "thy neighbour as

gospel, his selfishness and weakness, brings conthyself."(See Matt. 22:3739.) I

tention and strife upon himself. But a wise Father The opposite of love is hate. As Christ is the ft

will work out of men's mistakes and blunders personification of love, so Satan is the embodiment greater blessings than they might have obtained of hate. Hate is cruel and vicious. Even when

with their own wisest foresight. unexpressed and smoldering, it consumes the

I do not believe in the advocacy of discourageindividual as surely as when it bursts into flame.

ment and gloom; better, the gospel of hope. ReHate feeds on envy. It prompts and justifies

member, the Church of Jesus Christ is established unrighteous conquest; it looks for weaknesses in

nevermore to be thrown down or given to another others; lives in the realm of iniquity and feeds

people. The gospel has not yet been preached on falsehood and slander; it injures the hater

to every nation, kindred, tongue, and people, and (Concluded on following page)

&a>>S5e!**a!e

JULY 1954 493 THE EDITOR'S PAGE

(Concluded from preceding page) in the home, in the neighborhood, in organizaeven more than the hated. It "is of all things the tions, peace in our country and in the world

mightiest divider, nay, is division itself."than for every man and woman first to eliminate

There are things in the world which we may from his or her heart the enemies of harmony and and should despise, but we can condemn evil peace such as hatred, selfishness, greed, animosity, without hating men. We should develop an averand envy.

sion for the things which we ourselves can and "And why beholdest thou the mote that is in should resist or overcome and for the things thy brother's eye, but perceivest not the beam which Christ hated. We must have an aversion that is in thine own eye?"(Luke 6:41.)

for the works of the flesh as enumerated by Paul, Pertinent to this thought, Charles Wagner, among which are adultery, fornication, uncleanauthor of The Simple Life, makes this comment:

ness, lasciviousness, hatred, wrath, strife, seditions, heresies, envyings, murders, drunkenness, "Each person's base of operations is the field of revelings, and such like; "of the which I tell you his immediate duty, neglect this field, and all you

before, as I have also told you in time past, that undertake at a distance is compromised. First,

they which do such things shall not inherit the then, be of your own country, your own city, your kingdom of God."(Gal. 5:21.) own home, your own church, your own workthis if to go can, set out from then shop; you rich ruler the asked Jesus, young "What When

is it. order, natural the plain and That beyond

I life?"great eternal thing obtain the do to may

and a man must fortify himself with very bad Master called his attention not to any one great thing, but to several specific commandments. So reasons to arrive at reversing it."

there may not be any great act we may do to "Let not your heart be troubled: ye believe in

eradicate hate, war, and suffering in the world; God...."(John 14:1.) Believe also in the gospel

but there are many little but very important of Jesus Christ—a belief such as the Savior had

duties within our power and province to accomin mind on that solemn occasion will express itself plish. This is a time when men and women in action.

should curb their tempers, and when prompted to May increased faith and trust in the Lord and condemn others, to hold their tongues. in the gospel of Jesus Christ supplant the spirit of

I know of no better way to bring about harmony contention and hate now so rampant.

ommencemem Richard L. Evans

'"The coming of another commencement calls to vealing heretofore unknown knowledge, and anyone mind the passing of another year so swiftly and who, leaving school, leaves also learning behind, so soon—and suggests once more to all of us that will find himself farther and farther behind—for the

we ought to start early to do what we ought to be destiny of man is limitless and everlasting. "Whatdoing. A student cannot always so soon decide ever principle of intelligence we attain unto in this

what he may wish to do for all the rest of his life, life, it will rise with us in the resurrection."1 And

but even if he hasn't decided on a final pursuit, he the more a man learns of truth, the better prepared can always have some good goal in sight and be prehe will be here, and the better prepared he will be paring himself for something sound and solid. No hereafter—if conceit of learning doesn't lead him

road leads nowhere, and no beginning goes nowhere. into stubborn error and false ways. This brings us

And just because we haven't yet decided what we to a final comment on commencement: No matter

want to be, is no reason why we should act as if how much 'we know, no matter what credits we we weren't going to be anything! In other words, acquire, no matter what courses we complete, what

we ought to be on our way. Another thought that we know is an infinitely small part of what there is to

comes at commencement is this: that no one, young know. Textbooks will change; theories will be set

or old, should ever leave learning behind. No matter aside; processes will be improved—and we should

what classes we complete, no matter what degrees keep our minds open to truth, free for the search, we acquire, no matter what school doors we walk with humility before Him who gave us life, who reout of, no matter what occupations we walk into, veals all truth, and who keeps creation in its course.

we should always keep an earnest and active interest Humility is especially becoming at commencement.

in the world we live in, in the people we live with ID. & G. 130:18.

and in all the best of what is now known and in what will yet be discovered and revealed and made LJke Spoken lA/ora FROM TEMPLE SQUARE known. The world is not static. Processes are conPRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

stantly improved. Discovery is ever adding and reSYSTEM, MAY 23, 1954

494 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Alma on the Resurrection "In our Special Interest class we were dissalvation declared unto them. And thus the Lord

cussing Lesson 8, 'If a man die, shall he live bringeth about the restoration of these; and they

again?'When we mentioned that Moroni have a part in the first resurrection, or have eternal

and Peter and James appeared to Joseph Smith life, being redeemed by the Lord.

as resurrected beings, a member of the MIA "And little children also have eternal life.

stake board, who was visiting our class, took "But behold, and fear, and tremble before God, issue with this, stating that they could not for ye ought to tremble; for the Lord redeemeth

have been resurrected. He based his argunone such that rebel against him and die in their

ment upon the passage in Alma 40:19, which sins; yea, even all those that have perished in their

he interpreted as meaning that all who died sins ever since the world began, that have wilfully before the time of Christ, both the wicked rebelled against God, that have known the comand the righteous, without reservation, must mandments of God, and would not keep them;

be resurrected before any of those who lived these are they that have no part in the first resurafter the time of Christ. rection."(Mosiah 15:2226.)

"Our adamant visitor still maintained that This is in perfect harmony with the testimony

Alma specifically supports his argument unof Matthew:

equivocally. What I want to know is how "And the graves were opened; and many bodies

Alma 40:W, should be interpreted in view of of the saints which slept arose,

Elder Talmage's explanation concerning the "And came out of their graves after his resurorder of the resurrection?"rection, and went into the holy city, and appeared unto many."(Matt. 27:5253.)

We are informed by the Savior, when he visited the Nephites, that it was the Saints only who were

The member of the stake board should read his raised from the dead, following his resurrection.

scriptures more carefully. It is true that Alma in (See 3 Nephi 23:9-10.)

chapter 40, verse 19, did not make his meaning We know definitely that David, king of clear and if we deal with that verse only, it is easy Israel, did not come forth from the grave in this to obtain the thought that all who died before first resurrection because of the sins which he comthe Savior's coming were to come forth at the mitted. Peter in his discourse on the day of Pentetime of the Savior's resurrection, both the wicked cost gave us that information as follows:

as well as the righteous. Verse 20, however, "Men and brethren, let me freely speak unto you

makes it plain that Alma did not intend to say of the patriarch David, that he is both dead and that all the dead were to come forth at that time, buried, and his sepulchre is with us unto this and he therefore modified his first remark and day."(Acts 2:29.)

said it was his "opinion"that the souls and the This is confirmed by the Prophet Joseph Smith bodies are reunited "of the righteous,"at the when in a discourse he said: "Even David must

resurrection of Christ, and his ascension into wait for those times of refreshing, before he can heaven. It is evident Alma's understanding of the come forth and his sins be blotted out. For Peter,

extent of the resurrection at the time the Savior speaking of him says: 'David hath not yet

came forth from the dead was limited, therefore ascended into heaven, and his sepulchre is with he stated only his opinion. us unto this day.'His remains were then in the

The Prophet Abinadi, when before King Noah tomb. Now, we read that many bodies of the

and his priests, made this matter very clear in saints arose at Christ's resurrection, probably all speaking of this first resurrection in the following the saints, but it seems that David did not. Why?

words Because he had been a murderer."(Teachings of

"And now, the resurrection of all the prophets, the Prophet Joseph Smith, p. 188.)

and all those that have believed in their words, or The Prophet also declared that Moroni came to all those that have kept the commandments of him a resurrected personage, (ibid., page 119) so

God, shall come forth in the first resurrection; also John the Baptist, Peter, and James were

therefore, they are the first resurrection. resurrected beings when they came and bestowed

"They are raised to dwell with God who has upon the Prophet and Oliver Cowdery the redeemed them; thus they have eternal life through Aaronic Priesthood and the Melchizedek PriestChrist, who has broken the bands of death. hood.

"And these are those who have part in the first resurrection; and these are they that have died ijJL-.

before Christ came, in their ignorance, not having

JULY 1954 495 i::::;..:::.:;::;::'::>':: L-: 0::0>i.,. '. should like to write of my brother

\ as I remember him in our youth i- and as I know him now.

It is a proverbial fact that a man's attitude toward life is largely determined by the experiences of his childhood and youth. This platitude is

borne out in the character of Antoine

Ridgeway Ivins. He has had a rich

and varied experience. He has known

life in a small town, life on the farm, with its breeding of fine horses and cattle, life in the universities of

Mexico, Michigan, and Utah (from which he was graduated), life as a manager of groups of foreign workers, and, most valuable of all, years of service in his Church, all of which has made him a man of understanding and sympathy with the problems of others.

Antoine was born May 11, 1881 in

St. George, Utah, the eldest son of

Anthony Woodward Ivins and Elizabeth Ashby Snow, into a family of nine children, four boys and five girls, the eldest son having died in infancy. On his father's side his ancestors were Quakers ("Friends")

one of the most genuinely good, friendly, and peaceful groups of people in the world. On his mother's

side his ancestors were of old New

England stock. His grandfather,

Erastus Snow, on one of his first misBrother Antoine R. and Sister Vilate Ellen Romney Ivins as they were leaving sions, was a companion of Israel

Hawaii in June 1931. Ivins, who later became Antoine's

paternal grandfather, little knowing that in future years their families would be united by the marriage of Antoine Ridgeway Ivins their children. From the Quaker

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY whichside ofourthefatherfamilytookcomesmuch pleasurea letter in reading to us, and which must by Florence Ivins Hyde have had some influence on Antoine

Ivins at the Brother time he R. Ivins as a student Elizabeth Ivins, Antoine's Ashby Snow Ivins, Antoine Anthony W.

of the University Utah. entered of Jurisprudence at the School ""Antoine's mother.:'V r "lather.

in Mexico City.

496 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Ivins family in 1917. Antoine is standing in back of his father.

in forming his habits of thrift, in- N.B. Take care of the little money thee

friend to for will find that thee a be I has dustry, honesty, which and and R. IVINS ANTOINE

I shall all thee. others forsaken where have

it is like a classic to quote, for should of furnish thee matters small with money L. Evans By Richard

OF THE COUNCIL OP THE TWELVE of its kind. according as I hear of thy behavior. Often

some sixteen years I have To Isaac Shreve from his beloved Father. read this advice and endeavor to follow it.

Alexandria, 29th, 1794. the 5th Month, For his Antoine childhood was From of association enjoyed the

Isaac: Dear Son the to close his father. Being very weekly, R. Ivins, Antoine going Thee from is now under the care

sometimes almost daily, and of thy loving father, whose eyes have been only boy in the family for several have partaken of. his friendly ever watchful for thy good, into the wide years, he traveled with him whenever

will be Thee althe it under care now possible. never were was (We in circumworld. kindliness many

of Captain Very, will for advise thee who for sickto except school miss lowed situations. stances and I thy good and to would wish thee be

trips these ness.) by team made On ever rushes Antoine I No one advised it him. by have thought most

into a hasty decision. Always for thy good for thee to go to Salem to and buckboard or by saddle horse

he has a judicial attitude, with learn the trade of a tanner. If Captain and pack horse, Antoine and Father

suit, get place thee to Very a can I would to fish to take a day often managed deliberation. Alof the wisdom

if to advise stay; thee not, by come home Antoine or hunt. quote what Let me pleading for underhe is ways first offers. the opportunity that

standing; always he seems to see As thee will be among strangers, take says of this period.

care good thee forms acquaintance. how to sides there that be two may It lot to travel happy was my many

if Let possible, Friends them be steady, and is unkind- a subject. There no miles eating him, food with which he

lads, sober thyself, older fewer, the than and close to prepared, cuddling at night him in his liness makeup, and no better. the young man's happiness A I blankets, both under while blinked Navajo back is just quick condemnation. He is this in to that world and which come, at stars listened to the the and howling

and merciful and generous. He in a great measure depends upon the concoyotes. Those are the days I shall never

does his own thinking; he speaks nections he forms when young. forget and would not if it were possible.

courageously and forthrightly Keep steady to meeting and to plainness They are among the most cherished recollections of my life. what he feels should be spoken thatboth madein speechus willand protectapparel theeand fromthe Godall—and then "holds his peace."harm. Above all things, be true to thy Antoine passed through the stage

Brother Ivins has an unusual trust and defraud no man though the thing of bows and arrows which Father small. be But as thee do unto may men repertoire stories of appropriate to old taught make; then became him that should they thee do unto and and experiences him would that make to responsible enough and enough will doing, of thee the gain by so esteem

goodtraveling company. And all good men and thy master and come use a gun, a sixteengauge Parker,

while he has a rich sense of up in the world a useful member of society. then a twelvegauge Daly with a

it is will in never of thy the cutting peace humor, have mind Thee own rifle finally a 4070 underneath, and action but cannot be taken away by it which life lives loves kind. and He It trips these Winchester. on was of. I will guilty thee not hope be which well enjoys good and many lessons in his first received that he thee to that that recommend I now God

things. very a has He warm protected has until from preyouth Father from this Spanish had me who my

human heart, an analytical time (my father having died when I was viously filled two missions in Old mind, an understanding spirit, about four years old) and I am sure he is Mexico.

that heavenly Father ever he the same faith. It a firm and is good to

fifteen Antoine about was When will to protect preremain and was and in his gracious, gentlemanly be all years figurativelove serve that those fear of age the family him. and was

and kindly company. From thy loving father.

/Signed/ Benj. Shreve {Conllnued on following page).

JULY 1954 497 Antoine R. Ivins

(Continued from preceding page) ly lifted out of the town of St. George,

Utah, and transplanted into a small town in a foreign country—the town

of Colonia Juarez, Chihuahua, Mexico, where our father had been made toineBrotherR. Ivinsand insisterHawaii.Anpresident of the Mexican Colonization and Agricultural Company, and

the first president of the Juarez Stake.

This was an immense change in Antoine's young life. Taken away from

his school and his boyhood friends, he was required to make a real social adjustment, but our life in Mexico was a wholesome and a happy experience. The Church was our life.

It furnished our social activities, but most of all, it laid the foundation for our religious beliefs and our religious habits. Antoine's faith in the efficacy

of prayer and his dependence upon it was laid in his childhood. Never a

day passed without our family prayer night and morning. In Father's absence Mother carried on. In our

town there were no doctors within many miles and in case of sickness the first thought was to pray for horses our mother drove on her cardue regard for the safety of all companions a received hunt. Later of the each If versatile. very became He to afflicted administer one. riage. theand four the time rifle and had came when we

it. If fixed a harness broke, he first our During in Mexico, year rifles, four a shotguns, saddles, horses, four four

Mother kept a record of the time horse lost a shoe, he just put another each suited to its owner. When we set

Father was able to be at home with on. If a door needed repair, he reout four strong in quest of "fool hens,"

quail, deer, a turkeys, or ducks, were we this paired husday when it. To myus. three months at home He was family, indeed. never happy can Time finishes a job, says household he nine. for band necessary It wasand away recollections. look back dim these As I

him to visit the various colonies, to facetiously, "That is done almost as over more than a half century that I lived make routine trips to the governor in well as Antoine could do it."and played under Father's influence, I can

a counsel unsound and not of no Of our life in Mexico Antoine again think affairs, colony City onChihuahua and single thing about that I would want him writes: visits to Presidentto make frequent to forget.

Porfirio Diaz in Mexico City. During

his absence Antoine was required to As my brothers Grant and Stanley As time went on Antoine was ready for more education than the localtake over certain responsibilities. He couldreachedtravelthe withappropriateFather, eachage waswhensupplied,they

had to learn to care for the horses and as I had been, with a shotgun which he schools could provide. If we were to

cattle, the garden, to harness the was taught to use correctly, always with spend our lives in Mexico the logical

The Ivinses have long been lovers of good horses. Here Sister The Ivins home in St. George.

Vilate Ivins is shown astride Goldie (about 1914).

498 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA thing was for him to learn correct and enjoy riding with her husband. She the branches, even those in Mexico.

proper Spanish and to know Mexican adjusted herself with remarkable aptiIn the mission field their sole purlaw. And so he was sent to Mexico tude to a difficult situation. pose was to help the missionaries

City where he entered the School of In the spring of 1920 he was apsuccessfully carry the gospel to the

Jurisprudence. It was during his resipointed to aid in the development of world, at the same time guarding

dence there that the tragic deaths octhe new Lund Home for Boys in carefully the health of the boys and curred of Elder Abraham Owen Centerville, Utah, having charge of girls under their care.

Woodruff of the, Council of the the Agricultural division of the school. Since his release from this mission,

Twelve and his wife, close friends of Here they remained a year making he has spent his time in the work of our parents. While in the city Ansome of the most lasting friendships the Quorum of the Seventy. Antoine

toine lived with the few missionaries of their lives. While here he was speaks and writes Spanish well and

who were there at the time, attending called to manage the Church sugar has spent many arduous months in meetings with them and meeting the plantation in the Hawaiian Islands, translating books and pamphlets from

Saints. He was the official represenwhere they were active in the English into Spanish for use in the

tative of the Mexican Colonization Church organizations, Vilate doing mission field, all of which has aband Agricultural Company. temple work during their ten years sorbed most of his time. With

Soon after, having spent thirteen residence. The management of the Eduardo Balderas he has translated

years on this mission, another change plantation was a valuable experience. the temple ceremony into Spanish.

came to the family. Father was called Laborers on the project were men of For several years he acted as treasurer

to the Apostleship which required a different nationalities; viz., Hawaiian, for the Great Salt Lake Council of

move back to Utah. Here Antoine Spanish, Portuguese, Filipino, SaBoy Scouts. He is at present on the

reentered the University of Utah hioan, Chinese, Japanese, and Porto board of directors of the Hotel Utah from which he was graduated. His Rican. It required tact and judgment and the Layton Sugar Company.

record at the "U"was excellent. to handle such a conglomerate group Antoine and Vilate have a most

When I entered as a student a few and maintain peace among them. productive family life. He had a rich

years later I needed all the credits After the October 1931 general conhome life himself, with a deep appre-

I could muster in order to matricuference Antoine was set apart in his ciation of his parents and brothers late. Juarez Stake Academy was present position in the Quorum of and sisters. He had an affectionate

not an accredited school, but I felt the Seventy, having assumed the pride in his mother. He once wrote

I was entitled to credit for my presidency of the Mexican Mission on her birthday: "You are the beloved

Spanish which the credit committee the previous August. In this new idol of your family, and justly so, for

had not accepted. When I applied position commercial life was forgotas I look back I can think of no single

to the chairman of the, committee ten. It was a complete change in his thing in your life that we could not

with a card bearing my name, he life and in his plans for a rural home emulate and be proud to do so."

asked, "Are you a sister of Antoine where he could breed fine horses and At home they practically keep open

Ivins?"I answered, "Yes,"to which cattle. He immediately devoted himhouse for their families. It is no aphe replied, "You shall have your self, to the best of his ability, to the parent hardship for Vilate to prepare

credits."council to which he had been called, dinner for twenty or thirty of them.

to the Mission. Mexican and From labors physical she never menin The his event important next The in mission they the Angeles Los home

tions. familylife happy many to Vilate his marriage was RomWe spend for all visiting three years, presided

ney. Vilate had never been accusgatherings at their home. Their

tomed to any kind of country life, nieces and nephews have been taken but she went uncomplainingly with in as their own. Antoine and Vilate

her husband to manage his father's are always there when help is farm in Enterprise, Utah. It was a needed. Their satisfaction comes

tremendous change for her, but she from seeing us enjoy ourselves.

came from solid stock, from men and Antoine Ivins is an inveterate women who had met problems and reader, with the ability to recognize solved them successfully. Her father the vital parts of a book or article.

was Orson D. Romney and her mother He has always been a man of unwas Emma Phillips. Her grandfather questioned honesty and integrity. He

was the stalwart Bishop George Romis completely loyal to the Church and ney who repeatedly bore a strong its teachings. In his sincere manner

testimony concerning his experience he is constantly trying to impress of witnessing the event when the upon his family and their associates mantle of the Prophet Joseph Smith what adherence to the principles of fell upon the shoulders of Brigham the gospel will mean to them and

Young. Vilate enjoys relating how the advantages he knows will come

they experienced real pioneer life and from Church participation. It has

"came up the hard way"; how they been his life and his constant hope is

first lived in a tent, then in a granary, that it will also be their life.

then they built a home. She made I should like to end this short sketch

butter, carded wool, from which she with a paragraph from a letter writmade a quilt for her husband's ten by our father to one of his mother. She became a good "horsedaughters because I feel Antoine has

back rider"in order that she might Young Antoine and his sister Anna. (Continued on page 521)

JULY 1954 499 SYNOPSIS Pamela Brownlee and her young brother Allan, English emigrants, arrived in Iowa City in 1855 on their way to Zion. Here they meet the Saunders

family and the Weilers, longtime members of the Church. Pamela is particularly attracted to outfitting Weiler. City David Iowa is the post for Saints the

their in west. trek David early family and his join company, but an PamelaAwayDenton,gallopedand Colleenthe boys—Allan,Branton's for Allan wait their and parents having joined the who, Church, have immison, Bill. They followed hollows grated. The Brownlee family leave with one of the last handcart companies

that wound snakelike anions: the and early in September, hundreds of miles from their valley destination, the

hills. Riding around a sharp curve, weather turns unseasonably cold and in the weeks that follow, grow prothey saw two buffaloes. Lying flat, meatgressivelythat worse.would Asreplenishthe previousdepletedchapterprovisionsclosed, fora herdthe ofcompany.buffalo was sighted—

they took aim and fired.

S WESTWARD

by Helen Kimball Orgill Part 5

"Get him, Denton?"the only wild life seen these days, proud to be among those under him.

"Sure as Christmas; through the with the exception of the prairie They had come upon an arm of the

leg, the upper part!"wolves which drove off the cattle. Platte, between high bluffs, a cozy

Panicstricken, the frightened beast The vigilance of the guards had to camping place under an old spreadran. In headlong pursuit, the young be increased. It was chilly now for ing cottonwood tree. With the suphunters dived down declivities and the night guard. The sun would per work over, the captain seemed in

climbed hills. At last the young peep out in the morning and weakly an expansive mood. He began, "We

trappers headed off the enormous aniglide across the sky and save its are now starting into the Rockies.

mal. The tired, happy boys rode strength for the evening. Extreme hazards lie ahead. I need

into camp, huge pieces of the meat "Never have I seen such sunsets,"not remind you that our shield and hanging from their saddles. They Pamela observed in subdued tones. armor against heavy odds is our faith

were greeted with, cries of joy, and Strangely still were the days, except and trust in God. We have seen and

soon a feast was being prepared. for the marching feet and creaking probably will see again wagon trains

The camp kept extremely busy. wheels. There was an effort made destroyed by the Indians. It is unThere were always wheels to be to pick up speed. Life for the men canny the way they have left us alone

greased and reset, and extra wood to and larger boys became increasingly except to run off our stock. No comgather. The stop had provided a more difficult as they had to go back pany on the trail has been better

good opportunity for the women to and aid the laggards. Sometimes treated by them. We know the

do the washing. Water had been they had to go back as far as the timorous manner in which the average

heated on fires near the river and the Martin Company. person views them and this manner

clothes scrubbed clean. Giving: their Captain Willie did little talking exposes them to the mercy of the

families a reasonable amount of meat, these days. When he did speak, his savages, a mercy which is seldom

the mothers cut the rest up to be dried words held a tender yearning for shown. With our fervid night and

or "jerked."their welfare, those whom he had morning prayers, we become enBrightly colored butterflies, gray led this far. The company all knew gendered with faith and trust, which

owls, strangely formed beetles, and of the fine work he had done during they take to be bravery. It is no

green and black checkered snakes were his recent mission, and they felt secret that our deepest concern is not 500 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the Indians, but the weather. But slumber when a perverse disturbance smiled, and his kindly face lit up

let us not worry. Now is the time ran through the camp. with pleasure.

to rest. And tomorrow, yes, tomorReggie was arousing Captain Wil- "You really had affection for the

row our faith will be renewed. Our lie. "Some of the Indians who hung Prophet Joseph, didn't you, Captain?"

faith and trust in the God of our around all day have run off the milk Looking deep into her blue eyes, fathers will carry us through another cows!"he answered with feeling, "Affection?

day and to another night's camping Cries of alarm from the women I loved him more than any living place."were accompanied by growls of desoul. I've sat for two hours and more

His listeners sat quietly, trying to termined rage from the men. Pamela under the spell of his voice when it

calm the fearful thoughts that would knew that there would be no sleep seemed like mere moments."

come. "I think this is the nicest place for her until the return of the men "Did you ever visit the Mansion

we have camped in yet,"Pamela who had hurriedly dressed, seized House?"

cheerfully declared. Several glanced rifles, and sped into the darkness. "Many times."A dreamy look

around at the pleasant surroundings. came into his eyes. "There was alThrough the branches of the trees the For some must push and some must pull, ways a number of people around the

I used to think that his wonsun in glowing orange and yellow AsAs merrilywe go marchingon our wayup wethe go,hill place.

was sinking behind the peaks of the Until we reach the Valley O! derful wife Emma was imposed on

Black Hills. The bosom of the river they were so hospitable. Nothing was

was suffused in the same fiery hue. The children were gaily singing the too good for their guests, and many

With preparations for bed, there theme song of the journey next took advantage of it."

was the usual murmur of many voices, morning as they climbed a hill. Cap- "Did you ever notice their chilwhich quieted down in conformity tain Willie was striding ahead, and dren?"

with their daily routine. Pamela lay the children smiled to hear his voice "Yes, lively little tykes, and Joseph

between her blankets, listening to the joining theirs. was so proud of them."

breathing of human beings and aniQuickening her footsteps, Pamela "What about their playmates? Did

mals. The night guard prowled by. announced, "I'm going to walk with you ever see a brownhaired little

It was Reggie Grey, she could tell by 'our captain'for a spell."While chap?

his slight limp. She felt ready for swinging into step beside him she (Continued on following page)

Away galloped the boys—Allan, Denton, and Colleen Branton's son, Bill.

srt m: [

JULY 1954 501 HANDCARTS WESTWARD

(Continued from preceding page) Crossing a stream, the pilgrims Anxiously the emigrants looked at the "Let me see, let me see. Yes, there came upon a meadow dotted with captain these days wondering what

the nextwas one—Dave—Davy they called bushes. Here two rivers joined, and was in his mind and what

him. I remember once putting my beyond they discovered a small orders would be. On the 12th of

hand on his head and upturned to deserted fort, and still farther, crownOctober he said, "The rations will be me was a fine pair of brown eyes."ing an eminence, rose high bastions cut to ten ounces for men, nine for

"He is waiting for me in Zion, Capand perpendicular walls of clay. This women, and three for children."

tain. He's my David!"With brightwas Fort Laramie. Many women with wisdom and

ly shining eyes, Pamela felt the color All were anxious to explore the foresight had gathered rose berries rising in her cheeks and neck until fort. To a group, an army officer exand dried them along the route. This

her face was quite pink. But the plained, "It is built of bricks dried in was to save many a life in the days

captain was not going to tease. the sun, with bastions of clay, on the to come. They camped beside a

"Don't that beat all! We really have plan of a block house. The corners small stream, and as dusk descended

something in common. My sweetyou see rise fifteen feet in the air."beyond the carts and slender cottonheart is also waiting for me—mv wife Captain Willie gave instructions, woods, a wolf began to howl. There

Elizabeth—and our three children.""Here you will have your horses and were a number of responses from the

"My, how did she ever stand it so oxen shod. The wagons and all that hills, plains, and distant woods. The

can be salvaged from the handcarts following day held a hint of snow.long—all the years you have been in

England?"will be mended and renewed. Presi- "It's too early for winter. Why, we

"Latterday Saint women grow to dent Richards has purchased buffalo have two weeks more of October."

expect these separations, and mine is robes, bales of dried beef, and a quanLevi Savage seemed to speak with auwell-prepared to stand on her own. tity of flour. Try to get time to relax thority. Phineas and tall Seth Garson

She is a skilled seamstress and supand enjoy the diversion. Let your stood gazing at the skies.

ports herself and our small chilyoung people wander over the fort, "If the animals were just a little dren."and for the time being try to keep in more fleshed up, we wouldn't need

the back of their minds what lies to worry so much."The former spoke

From sheer exhaustion, Pamela ahead."apprehensively.

slept soundly this night and was The next day was one to be re- "And if we had a few more pounds spared the announcement of the membered, for the stay at Fort of flour,"his companion added.

guard at midnight, "The bushes are Laramie and for the surprise meeting "And if we didn't have three hunall white. I touched them, and my with Elder Parley P. Pratt and comdred miles of mountainous terrain

hand came away wet!"panions who were on their way east ahead."Captain Smith took his place

Only the seventeenth of September on a mission. beside them.

and frost! Next morning was more Pamela and Emma Lou wandered "I don't care what they say, Ma,

alarming. Dense, gray, and still, the down the trail to the wood. The sun it does feel like snow,"Pamela was

heavens seemed to be hugging the climbed and made of the river a fingering the atmosphere.

mountains,. The sun did not open its rippling flood of light. "Just fall weather, dear. That's

eye all day. Though not a breeze "This scene is like a celestial song, what the ones think who have been

stirred, a chill seemed to drive through between barren shores,"Pamela over the trail before. They seem to

the air. A desolation of emptiness breathed impressively. think we will have Indian Summer

stretched all around. Weak and ill "A song that beats upon two dark yet."

ones gave way to anxiety and chilhearts. O Pamela, you are all right. In fact, Indian Summer was a favordren studied their parents'faces for You are going to your David."ite topic of conversation these days

a ray of hope. That evening they listened to a very just as if talking about it would bring

"I thought the animals were growfine and powerful discourse on the the desired weather. In the first

ing an extra thickness of fur,"one of "gathering"by Elder Pratt. snowstorm all that could walk toiled

after hour over a low range ofthe men spoke solemnly. It seemed but a moment after rehour

The mothers were the first to rouse tiring that Pamela heard the crackling mountains. The plodding humans

themselves to a more determined and of campfires. She whispered to her and beasts moved like wet apparivigorous life. The men who had mother, "A romantic morning and a tions. They came to more plains,

gathered dejectedly in groups took day which will bring me nearer to all the time wading and splashing example from their wives. Bracing David!"With springing steps she through slushy snow. Passing giganthemselves they went out and shot helped with the work and sang as she tic cliffs toward evening, they found

squirrels, owls, and coyotes for food. stirred the pancake dough. themselves winding from side to side

"What are you having for dinWith dispatch the meal was over, of narrow passageways to avoid obner?"inquired Emma Lou. and all gathered for devotional exerstructions.

"Why, we are serving minute pudcises, followed by a fond farewell to Thick snow lay in the woods as ding,"answered Pamela. the wellloved Elder Pratt. they entered the land of the Arapahos.

At some distance from their chosen are 'lumpy having We "You: are? a small block house was

dick.'the HPhe company were a few miles out campsite, joke a It was among

It discerned. proved a trading to be

young people, for the two concoctions from Fort Laramie. Broken hills, post run by Oregon immigrants.

were one and the same and the gendeep hollows, and wide plains spread eral diet these days. out from close by to the horizon. {To be continued)

502 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA late interest in this work than anyGenealogy—thing ever tried in the past."

This is my testimony concerning project: the oA Successful During the months of December

and January, I have met with stake and ward genealogical workers from BOOK OF REMEMBRANCE twelve stakes here in Southern CaliProject, fornia to check over the more than one thousand books which were subby Ray L. Jones mitted in this project. In most cases

PRINCIPAL, SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA SEMINARIES each student's book was checked by a member of his own ward or stake ast spring the regional board of quired items qualify for a special genealogical committee.

I education,ment of education,the Church anddepartthe seminaryincludes a genealogicalpage for the awardBook ofwhichRethrilledGenealogicalwith theworkersgeneral havequalitybeenof

Church genealogical society approved membrance featuring a colored picwork done by these students. Every

my request to introduce a Book of ture of the Los Angeles Temple. The stake chairman has received a list of

Remembrance project in the Church page is signed by the stake president, all students in his stake submitting history course of study in the Southstake genealogical chairman, and the books and in most stakes some followern California seminaries for 1953seminary instructor of the qualifying up work is planned with these stu54. The project has met with phestudent. dents.

nomenal success. Approximately one thousand comIn sacrament services throughout

At the conclusion of the project pleted books have been submitted the region the special awards are special awards were presented in sacsince December 7, and each has been being presented to students who have rament meetings throughout the checked by genealogical workers. met the minimum requirements for

region. Under the direction of the The response to this project from the award. These are being handled

stake genealogical chairman, awards parents, students, teachers, and geneunder the direction of the stake genewere given to students, and the Books alogical workers has been exceptionalalogical chairman.

of Remembrance were displayed at ly fine. The project has given genePresident EIRay L. Christiansen

the wards. alogical work, and therefore temple was in Los Angeles for the laying of

After receiving approval on the work, a great boost. One stake the cornerstone at the temple and for

project last spring, Southern Caligenealogical chairman says, "It is the the dedication of our new Institute fornia seminary staffs took on the finest thing that ever happened to of Religion building. While here

job of distributing fifteen hundred genealogical work in Southern Calihe was able to see the hundreds of

Books of Remembrance covers and fornia. It has done more to stimubooks which were waiting to be

thirty thousand genealogical forms. checked.

The individual books were assembled Looking back over the project I by students of the Downey Ward and would say that it had been excepGrant Ward seminaries of South Los tionally successful. Students, parents,

Angeles Stake. As each student regteachers, and genealogical workers all

istered last fall for the 7 a.m. daily cooperated wonderfully to make the

seminary class, he was supplied with project succeed. An indication of the

a book as part of the registration fee. interest this has aroused is seen in

A "Teacher's Guide"was prepared the report that one photography and in October seminary teachers met shop alone has printed more than with representatives of stake genefive thousand pictures for portrait alogical organizations and James M. pedigrees for this project and at

Kirkham of the Church Genealogical one time was four to five weeks beSociety for special instructions conhind schedule on orders. In addition

cerning the project. several student groups have come in

During a threeweek period beon a Saturday to visit the geneginning October 26, fiftyfour of the alogical section of the county library fifty -nine seminary classes in the and a number have visited the temregion studied the project and stuple grounds.

dents were encouraged to complete Altogether it has been a thrilling the following work: portrait pedigree experience—one that I hope can be

chart, pedigree charts, four family shared with more of our seminary group sheets, personal record, own teachers and students in the future.

life story.

Additional activities included the A similar project is now being used life story of parents, grandparents, in the Phoenix (Arizona) seminaries and greatgrandparents, individual of the Church and will also be intropatriarchal blessings, story of life in Donald Wismer, instructor at the Baldwin duced in a number of the seminaries pictures. BookPark ofSeminary,RemembrancePasadenasubmittedStake,by inspectsone of throughout the Church during the

Students who completed the rehis students. 195455 season.

JULY 1954 503 by Dr. Antone K. Romney

and

Dr. Henry L. Isaksen

COUNSELING SERVICE

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

proper balance between work and relaxation must be maintained. Do I Understand Myself? of air to good The importance

physical health should not be overThefeel youththat theyof todaylive mayin a rightfullyworld of reasonedthem. and unwise surrender to quatelooked.supplyOur ofbodiesfresh, cleanneed air.an adeIm-

trouble and unrest. They have What are these needs? How can proper ventilation may result in slugnever witnessed "normal"times but they be met? Needs may be classigishness, irritability, and loss of

have lived through several rapidly fied as physical, social, emotional, and efficiency. Proper shelter is also neceschanging periods of social, political, spiritual. Physical needs include sary to avoid the detrimental effects

and economic unrest—the depression, such things as food, air, and water, of excessive cold or heat. These and

the greatest of all wars, the period rest, activity, and shelter. For opmany other factors are important to

of postwar inflation and readjusttimum physical health, these must be us in maintaining good physical ment, the undeclared Korean war, present in the proper amounts and health. The wise person will underand now the period of uncertain at proper times. Food, for example, stand the physical needs of his body,

"peace"which threatens to explode is important, and it is necessary for will recognize the type of behavior at any moment into another great each individual to have some underwhich is symptomatic of some unmet worldwide conflict. Is it any wonstanding of his needs in this area physical need, and will learn to adder, then, that juvenile delinquency of living. Training in this important just his life in such a way that he can

is on the increase, that lawlessness phase of physical need is available meet these physical needs. It is not

and maladjustment among our youth in our schools and through many our intention here to present a full are everywhere in evidence? During other sources. Also, as members of discussion of the health needs of husuch a period of unrest, with its acthe Church, we have the Word of man beings, but only to call to the

companying stress and strain, it is Wisdom as a guide, as well as the reader's attention that we have cermore important than ever that we many books and articles that have tain physical needs and that we understand ourselves, that we base been written by people who are should endeavor to observe the laws our conduct upon the firm foundation trained in interpreting its significance of health in order that we may enjoy of personal strength and fixed goals to us. We would do well to obtain good physical health. We might ask

which can give our lives purpose and sufficient understanding of our needs ourselves these questions: Do we adedirection through the turmoil and in this respect to avoid the problems quately understand our physical

confusion that surround us. that arise from improper eating needs? Is our attitude toward health

What arc some of the things we habits and unbalanced diets. wholesome and reasonable? Are we

must understand about ourselves in Rest is also an important factor in overconcerned by slight hurts, minor order to obtain this stability and di- a person's physical wellbeing. It is cuts, etc? Do we use illness as an

rection? Perhaps the most important particularly important to young peoexcuse or weapon to get what we

insight that we can acquire is the ple who are growing rapidly. In want? Do we have any unmet physiunderstanding that we act in response this world of hurry and worry we are cal needs? It is proper that we should

to and in an effort to satisfy various apt to neglect this factor and to fail be concerned about the proper satissocial, emotional, to provide ourselves with adequate faction of these physical needs inneeds—physical,

and spiritual needs. Whenever they opportunity for rest and relaxation. order that we may have good physical

are not satisfied in a healthful and Most young people need at least eight health as a foundation for meeting acceptable way, we develop emotional hours of sleep each night. Our daily the social, emotional, and spiritual

strains and stresses that may result schedules should provide for regularity needs of our lives.

in feelings of inferiority, insecurity, and for ample time for eating, workLet us now turn to a consideration frustration, or unrest, or in hasty and ing, and resting. A young person of our social and emotional needs.

unwise actions. It is important for who is perpetually tired cannot be They may be stated in this way:

us, then, to understand ourselves well expected to show an active interest Every person needs to be loved, to enough to recognize the problems that in his studies or other activities. On be somewhat like his fellow men, and

may develop from these unmet needs, the other hand, activity and exercise to belong to groups. In order for us

in order that we may guard against are also important, and poor physical to develop socially we must give and them and avoid the pitfalls of unhealth may result from inactivity. A receive the love and acceptance of

504 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA this need fulfilled. We should belong Ip groups and should participate

.., '..:.: socjally with groups. Few people are

more unfortunate than the individual who lacks social development because of unmet social needs. The individual who is thus confined is truly

destitute—one who has no friends,

who is ostracized from groups, who does not receive the affection which is sought by all human beings. Love,

likeness, and belongingness are needs of human beings which must be met if happiness and social development are to be obtained.

The wise person will recognize the symptoms of unmet social needs. He

will do all in his power to provide acceptance and love for himself and for his fellow men. The wise person

will do all he can to be identified with good groups and good causes and to have a sense of belonging. Unpredictable, antisocial behavior may be

the result if satisfaction in these things is not obtainable through acceptable behavior. To analyze ourselves in

this area we might ask ourselves such questions as: Do I have fears and insecurity? Do I have good morale?

Do I have interests which are accepted and common to many people?

Do I have genuine affection for my family and my fellow men? Am I

tolerant and considerate of others. Do

I have a fair sense of humor? Do I

enjoy working, playing, traveling with other people? Am I as secure

in my social relations and with my—Monhmcyer photo family and friends as I should be?

If an individual is to develop socially, he must belong to groups. Do I feel that I am truly wanted by

others—my brothers, my sisters, my

mother, my father? Am I worried

our fellow men. We first receive not be like them, we have to make about social problems? Am I overthe love of our mothers, fathers, memsome adjustments. These social adanxious about social relationships?

bers of our family, members of the justments are often made in an acAll of these are questions which might community, and friends. Affection ceptable manner. If we are difbe asked by a person in attempting

which is bestowed upon each of us ferent, we should be so because to understand his own social needs in varying amounts makes it possible we want to be different, and this and the adequacy of his adjustment for us to learn to love others, and desire should be based upon a to them.

to develop socially and emotionally voluntary acceptance of higher prinNow, finally, are my spiritual needs in a normal and natural way. If ciples which make us different by met? Just as every person has physilove is held from us, regardless of the choice. Love and likeness are needs cal needs and social needs, he also

reason, our social development is which, if fulfilled, will naturally be has spiritual needs. A person whose

limited, and the inner drives which combined with a third social need spiritual needs are not met, who does exist in every normal human being which is that of belonging. If an not have satisfying religious experiwill force us to try in every conindividual is to develop socially, he ences with an organized church group

ceivable way to obtain the affection must belong to groups. We first behas difficulty in developing faith in

and love which we must have in order long to the family group, then we bespiritual matters. This is the foundato develop socially. long to the neighborhood group, and tion upon which faith is developed.

Another important social need is then to the school, the church, and Jesus said, "My doctrine is not likeness. In other words, we need to other community groups. It is very mine, but his that sent me.

be like our fellow men. If we canimportant that we recognize and have {Concluded on page 543)

JULY 1954 505 New Approaches BOOK OF

by Dr. Hugh

PROFESSOR, HISTORY AND RELIGION,

in the picture which the most cunning calculations of a forger could not hope to achieve: the pains of the Nephite

writer to explain the peculiar system, the names which, unlike other Book of Mormon names, have no known parallels in the Old World, the obvious overlapping of Nephite and

Jaredite elements (seon, senine, senum), the wellknown tendency of established systems of metrology to hold their own, no matter how quaint and antiquated, so that the older system would necessarily have priority over the newer, the equally wellknown tendency to combine various foreign elements in a single system, the material superiority and materialThe Prophet Joseph Smith istic orientation of Jaredite culture, betrayed by the incurable worldliness of men with Jaredite names.

All this is found in the Nephite ac- (Conclusion) count, in which the sinister Jaredite influence constantly lurks in the backIncidentally, the problem of the own "foot,""yard,""mile,""ounce,"ground.

elephant in the Old World is no attest. But along with their conThis brings us to a final reflection

less puzzling than in the New, to servatism such terms give evidence on the Book of Mormon as a fraudujudge by a philological study by at a glance of much borrowing and lent production.

Kretschmer, appearing in 1951. 130 Acexchange between cultures. Thus There is wisdom in the rule laid

cording to that renowned philologian, common designations of weight and down by Blass, that whoever prethe ancient Germans and Slavs actualmeasure establish prehistoric ties besumes to doubt the purported source ly confused the camel with the eletween Egypt and Babylonia. 133 Now and authorship of a document canphant, while the people of India, the the fourteen odd names of measure not possibly escape the obligation of

classic land of the elephant, seem not given in the Book of Mormon are supplying a more plausible account to have been acquainted with the anineither Semitic nor Egyptian; unlike in its stead. The critic has made the

mal at first hand, since they had no the Nephite proper names, these terms accusation; therefore he must have

word of their own for it! R. Walz, rehave no parallels in the Old World. his reasons—let us hear them. No

viewing the whole problem of the doThe explanation for this is obvious: intolerable burden is put upon him by

mestication of the camel, has come to they are Jaredite names. Clear evithe demand, for the more obviously

the conclusion that, at least up to dence of borrowing by the Nephites fraudulent an account of origin is, 1951, the problem remains unsolved, can be seen in the words shihlon, the easier it should be to think up a in spite of is critic explanation. not not shublon, for only is better all the work that has been shihlum, The and

it. 131done on true required to tell exactly of the confusion what the obvious mimation

As to glass and metal, it is now and nunnation indicative of a transiorigin of the text was, but merely to certain that their origin is to be sought tion, but the proper names Shiblon supply a more likely story than the and Shiblum, in both mimated and one given. The world which rejectsneither in Egypt nor in Babylonia,

nunnated form, are found among both the official account of the Book ofbut in the mountains to the north of to is not obligation From under and Nephites. this Mormon latterthe region, the area that we Jaredites

the really tell us exactly an idea of where, when, and how we may gainloosely describe as "Jaredite country."132 significant influence of the Jaredite the book was produced, but it is most

upon the Nephite culture, for weights emphatically under obligation to furThe names of weights and measand measures are at the foundation nish a clear and convincing account ures are among the most conservative of all material civilization. There is of how it could have been created in

properties of human society, as our a remarkable and natural consistency view of all the positively known cir506 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA firm strength and piercing edge and which he lived, conjectured that the to arrowy swiftness of his intellect, his author would have written in place matchless facility and adroitness and of the badly copied text before him.

resource, were never so triumphant Scaliger, Bentley, and the author ofMORMON as where defeat seemed sure; and vet the Book of Mormon are all engaged

it is other virtues that one most adin the proper business of scholarship,... his lucidity, his sanity, that of bring out of obscurity and Study mires

his just and simple and straightfor- darkness ancient texts that present

Nibley ward fashion of thought."137 If any- a true and faithful picture of the

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY one could produce a flawless reconpast. If the former two suffer serious

struction of a text, this paragon reverses on almost every page, due to cumstances of its actual appearance. should, but what do we find? "The inevitable defects of knowledge and

Clever people have not shirked from faults of this edition, which are judgment, what should we expect of this duty, but until now not a single abundant, are the faults of Bentley's the last, even assuming him to be the explanation has been offered that other critical works. He was immost honest of men? To say that he

is not in glaring conflict with itself patient, he was tyrannical, and he may have made no more frightful or with certain facts upon which was too sure of himself. Hence he mistakes per page than a Scaliger or

all, Mormons and nonMormons, are corrupts sound verses which he will a Bentley is to pay him the highest in agreement. Above all, it will not not wait to understand, alters what tribute. More cleverness and luck

do to say that the book is a fraud offends his taste.... His buoyant than that we simply cannot allow

because angels do not bring books to mind, elated by the exercise of its him. If any modern man, however

people, for that is the very point at powers, too often forgot the nature of great his genius, composed the Book issue. its business, and turned from work to of Mormon it must of necessity swarm

Joseph Smith may have been very play; and many a time when he with the uncouth, monstrous, imposshrewd and very lucky, but there are feigned and half fancied that he was sible, contradictory, and absurd.139

impassable bounds set to the reach correcting the scribe, he knew in his But it does not. The few odds and

of human wit and fortune. Consider heart... that he was revising the ends we have touched upon in this

the cases of Scaliger and Bentley, the author."138 short study should be enough to show

two greatest scholars of modern, if what teeming opportunities the not of all, times. The former, a menwriter of the Book of Mormon had

tal marvel without compare, whose to make a complete fool of himself, prodigious achievements in the field and the world will give a handsome of all scholarship others appear make it to can show anyone who reward as novices, 134 not, for all could his inclear unmistakable and but one immense perspicacity and learning, stance in which he did so. We must

avoid the normal lapses of human grant, therefore, that the current exknowledge or the pitfalls of vanity. planation of the Book of Mormon

With a record for accurate observathat the man who wrote it was both tion and penetrating discovery that smart and unscrupulous—explains

no other can approach, he none the nothing.

less "corrupts his own magnificent (The End) work by an anxious and morose overBIBLIOGRAPHY diligence, and by his insane desire 130P. Kretschmer, "Der Name des Eleto display his erudition."135 "In parfanten,"Oesterr. Akad. Anzeiger, 1951, No.

324f. ticular,"says Housman, "he will often 21,

131R. Walz, "Zum Promhlem der Domespropound interpretations which have tikation der altweltlichen Cameliden,"

no bearing either on his own text... Ztschr. der dt. Morgenl. Gesellsch. Vol. 101,

or on any other, but pertain to things N. F. 26 (1951), pp. 2951.

which he has read elsewhere, and 132For the latest philological evidence, P.

altesten Metallnamen,"Kretschmer, den "Zu like mists in his which hang memory all oldest of 1-16: the (1952), Glotta XXXII

his verses u >: eyes the and veil from is nor neither Egyptian for metal names

which he thinks he is explaining. The Angel Moroni atop the Hill CuBabylonian, but IndoEuropean—our own

Furthermore it must be said that morah Monument. word "ore."For the classic treatment of

La metalurgy, J. De Morgan, home of Scaliger's conjectures... are often the

1925ff), (Paris, Orientale Prehistoire uncouth and sometimes monstrous."Now "the nature of the business"184ff. H. C. Beck, "Glass before 1500,"An-I,

Housman then quotes Haupt: "Withof these two men was very close to cient Egypt and the East, 1934 (June, Pt. i),

out doing injury to his fame, one may that of the author of the Book of Morpp. 7-21.

II, 315ff. say that no great scholar ever set mon: it was to produce ancient texts "De Morgan, op. cit.,

beside sure discoveries of the most "in their purity"by correcting the "stood:34"Scaliger,"on the wrotesummittheof greatuniversalNiebuhr,solid

brilliant penetration so much that is corrupt manuscripts which the world philological learning, in a degree that none grammatically preposterous.""And,"has inherited from early copyists. have reached since; so high in every branch

says Housman, "the worse the conThe correction was done on the basis of knowledge, that from the resources of his apply, and comprehend, he could mind jecture the louder editor, inown the does Scaliger apof using all what the his (Quoted on, way."decide whatever came 136 himself."at plaud the his disposal formation about (Oxford, Pattison, 1889), Essays by Mark

Of Bentley, Housman writes: "The writer in question and the world in (Concluded on page 521)I,

JULY 1954 507 SOUTH LOS ANGELES TOTAL SUBSCRIPTIONS

The Era

Subscription

Wm. Noble Waite Clifford B. Wright Harold F. Whittier Marvin E. Jacobson Edna Harris

Stake President 1st Coun. 2nd Court. M I A Supt. M I A Pres. by John D. Giles

MOAPA

the tenth consecutive year the

Forfield workers of The Improvement Era have pushed circulation figures to a new high mark. The

Improvement Era today has more subscribers and more readers than at any time in its fiftyseven-year history.

T homos Gay Myers Dan Larkin Mildred Ashworth Harold Johnson Mrs. Harold Johnson

Stake President M 1 A Supt. M 1 A Pres. Era Director Era Director The campaign just concluded was

LONG BEACH called "The New Approach to Family

Reading"campaign. Its purpose was

to encourage the many thousands of

Era readers in a religious approach to family reading and to keep all family reading on a very high plane.

That this purpose was accomplished to an encouraging degree is the testiFrances Zimmerman

Stake President RichardM I A Supt.Barnes DeloresM I A Pres.Halls Wm.Era DirectorRay Piatt monyIf spaceof Erawereworkersavailable,over theit wouldChurch.beSAN FERNANDO

proper and deserved to extend felicitations to hundreds of branches and ward units and to dozens of stakes and missions. The Church as a whole

responded magnificently to the call which was made-, and one of the great campaigns of Era history was the result.

Hugh C. Smith A. Weston Bird Mary Jane Carlisle Dean Fullmer

Stake President M I A Supt. M I A Pres. Era Director Outstanding in all the Church

BLACKFOOT again this year was the South Los

Angeles Stake. It led all stakes and

all missions, as. well, in total subscriptions and also led all the stakes in

percent of Cash Award Minimum. It

reported the remarkable achievement of having the Era in every home in every ward of the stake; the Era is

Parley Stake President A. Arave LloydM I A RalphsSupt. LolaM I ABittonPres. H.EraW.DirectorHoopes Mrs.EraH. DirectorW. Hoopes being sent to all servicemen.

SOUTH IDAHO FALLS This is the fifth consecutive year in which South Los Angeles Stake has been awarded the coveted Citation

Extraordinary for outstanding achievement. It is the only stake ever to

receive this award.

The surprise of the year probably was the New England Mission, which

Cecil E. Hart Monte Scott Golda Armstrong Francis Moss led all other missions and all the

Stake President M I A Supt. M I A Pres. Era Director stakes in percent of Cash Award

LIBERTY Minimum and was second among all the missions in total subscriptions.

Southern States Mission led all other missions in total subscriptions, although falling a little below its own magnificent record of the past few years.

Among the stakes with outstanding

Walter W. Hunter Kenneth R. Johnson Lucille L. Ford Barnett Swick Mrs. Barnett Swick

Stake President M I A Supt. M I A Pres. Era Director Era Director records were Moapa, then Bountiful,

508 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BOUNTIFUL PERCENT OF CAM.

Sets a New

Record

BUSINESS MANAGER ThcvasStake AmbyPresidentBriggs BurnellM I A Supt.Bybee LouiseM I A BeesleyPres. IrvingEra DirectorBeesley BerniceEra DirectorArbuckle

SAN DIEGO

then Long Beach, and Big Horn in total subscriptions in that order; and

Bountiful, San Diego, Big Horn, and

South Carolina in percent of Cash

Award Minimum as listed. Ten

stakes exceeded 1,000 subscriptions, and eight exceeded two hundred percent of Cash Award Minimum. WallaceStake W.PresidentJohnson KeithM I AA. Supt.Sears Mrs.M IKayA Pres.Colder CyrusEra W.DirectorGreaves

Three missions—New England, BIG HORN

Eastern States, and Southern States exceeded two hundred percent of Cash

Awar4 Minimum, with Southern States and New England exceeding 1,000 subscriptions. The total record

of the missions was excellent.

fortyseven hundred stakes One Hf

Allred MiMrs. Floyd fourteen missions and were listed

Director Era on StakeFrank H.PresidentBrown BrownieM I A J.Supt.Brown GladysM I A EmmettPres. FloydEra DirectorAllred

the Scroll of Honor. This is an honor SOUTH CAROLINA

reserved for groups which exceed a specified minimum of subscriptions.

They are listed in the order in which they report reaching the standard. On

this basis, Oneida Stake led the

Church during the entire year, with

South Idaho Falls, Taylor, Roosevelt, and Big Horn following in that order. W. Wallace McBride Frank W. Graham ireta McBride Aaron Branham Mrs. Aaron Branham

This is one of the excellent records Stake President M I A Supt. M f A Pres. Era Director Era Director

made by both stakes and missions in LOS ANGELES

Era campaigns.

The number of branches and wards in the Hall of Fame was most encouraging. Listing in the "Hall of

Fame"is a special honor reserved for wards and branches which report the

Era in every LDS home in the ward John M. Russon Edward A. Nagle Hazel Taylor Harvey Sessions Bernice Pollard

or branch. In this campaign there Stake President M I A Supt. M I A Pres. Era Director Era Director

were ninety wards and branches MARICOPA which achieved this splendid result.

Some of the branches succeeding were small, but some of the wards were among the largest in the Church.

This was true especially in South Los

Angeles Stake, which has twelve large wards. Only lack of space prevents

listing L. the Harold of every ward and branch

Stake President Wright BlaineM I ACummardSupt. WandaM I A LeSaronPres. LorenzoEra DirectorRich BeatriceEra DirectorHeywood in the Church which demonstrated BANNOCK

its outstanding leadership by achieving this result. The current Era

Digest lists them all.

In the traditional grouping, headed "Leaders of the Church,"which is a monthly listing showing the ten stakes of each category and four missions which led the Church, there has been Dee L. Andreasen

(Continued on following page) Stake President DeanM I A PanterSupt. LeathaM I ChristensenA Pres. SterlingEra DirectorHixon HelenEra DirectorBurton

JULY 1954 509 PERCENT OF C.A.M.

UNION The Era Sets a New Record

(Continued from preceding page) much goodnatured rivalry and keen competition.

The stakes and missions which won citations were honored at the third annual Citation Award Dinner held

Milan D. Smith Alton Baxter Naomi Perry James Thompson Thelma Buckwalter in the Hotel Utah, Saturday, June 12,

Stake President M I A Supt. M I A Pres. Era Director Era Director in the presence of a distinguished

audience. These leaders were preFLORIDA sented with Perma Plaque citations

which were described this year as being the most attractive and bestdesigned of the citation series.

CITATION WINNERS, PERCENT OF CASH AWARD MINIMUM

Alvin C.

President Stake Chace LeolinM I AN. Supt.Dickey ElsieM I AStarlingPres. OllieEra MaeDirectorAvery tiful,*South237%;Los *SanAngeles,Diego,393%;230%;*Boun-*Big

SANTA MONICA Horn, 230%; South Carolina, 210%;

*Moapa, 206%; *Long Beach, 203%;

*Los Angeles, 198%; *Maricopa,

198%; * South Idaho Falls, 193%;

Bannock, 184%; Union, 183%; Florida, 176%; Santa Monica, 172%.

CITATION WINNERS, TOTAL E. Garrett Barlow Don Smith Mrs. A. B. Cusworth Charles DuBois E. J. Sorensen SUBSCRIPTIONS

Stake President M I A Supt. M I A Pres. Era Director Era Director

*South Los Angeles, 2753; *Moapa,

1550; *Bountiful, 1361; *Long Beach,

TOTAL SUBSCRIPTIONS 1310; *Big Horn, 1234; *San Diego,

1233; San Fernando, 1215; Blackfoot,

mEAST LOS ANGELES 1170; *South Idaho Falls, 1045;

*Maricopa, 1027; *Los Angeles, 955;

Liberty, 950; East Los Angeles, 935;

Mesa, 922; Salt Lake, 907.

The stakes marked with an asterisk are those winning double citations.

MISSION CITATION WINNERS, Fauntleroy Hunsaker John F. Baker Burnadine Wallace Burl Brown PERCENT OF CASH AWARD

Stake President M I A Supt. M I A Pres. Era Director MINIMUM

MESA *New England, 464%; *Eastern

States, 203%; *Southern States,

203%; North Central States, 178%;

Canadian, 167%.

MISSION CITATION WINNERS, TOTAL SUBSCRIPTIONS Donald Ellsworth Dick Collett Amy Skousen Hollis Smithson Alentine M. R. Crisler *Southern States, 2380; *New EngStake President MIA Supt. M I A Pres. Era Director Era Director land, 1030; * Eastern States, 986;

West Central States, 913; Central

SALT LAKE Atlantic States, 854; Western States,

824..

Missions with asterisks were double citation winners.

WARD AND BRANCH LEADERS

Leaders in wards and branches in

Lincoln Stake President F. Hanks JayM I SorensonA Supt. OpalM IChristensenA Pres. DorothyEra DirectorSmith MarvaEra DirectorAnderson theexcellentvariousrecords,groups,arealllistedof whombelow.made

510 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NEW ENGLAND MISSION Left: EASTERN STATES MISSION

J. Howard Maughan

Mission President Richard L. Bushman

Era Director Carol Clark Era Director

Right: Delbert G. Taylor

Mission President William W. Reeder

First Counselor MIAFawntelleSupervisorMiller

SOUTHERN STATES MISSION

Group A Wards (Cash Award Minimum 35 and under)

Percent of Cash Award Minimum Meeteetse Ward—Big Horn Stake,

543%; *Miramonte Ward—South

Los Angeles Stake, 429%; Darlington

Ward-—South Carolina Stake, 410%. Peter J. Ricks D. Homer Yarn Max Curtis Jewkes Lloyd DeMille Lucille K. Brown

Mission President First Counselor Second Counselor Mission Secretary M I A Director

Total Subscriptions NORTH CENTRAL STATES MISSION *Miramonte Ward—South Los

Angeles Stake, 120; National City

Ward—San Diego Stake, 83.

Group B Wards (Cash Award Minimum 36 and over)

G. Eugene England John B. Hawkes G. Albin Matson J. Wright Child Douglas M. Dearden

Percent of Cash Award Minimum Mission President Former Mission Pres. First Counselor Second Counselor Era Director

WEST CENTRAL STATES MISSION *South Gate Ward—South Los

Angeles Stake, 489%; Huntington

Park Ward-—South Los Angeles Stake,

457%; *Vermont Ward—South Los

AngelesWard—SouthStake, Los422%;AngelesWalnut Stake;Park

419%.

Samuel A.. Hendricksmm Sister HapiHendricks Lawrence'Taylor Noel Rigby Mrs. Noel Rigby

Total Subscriptions Mission President First Counselor Era Director Era Director * South Gate Ward—South Los CANADIAN MISSION

Angeles Stake, 460; "Vermont

Ward—South Los Angeles Stake, 346.

Group A Branches (CAM. 7 and

under)

Percent of Cash Award Minimum

Mission President Era Director Era Director New Smyrna Branch—Central J. MeWin Toone Victor F. Thomas Joyce Barlow

CENTRAL ATLANTIC STATES MISSIONFlorida District—Southern States Mission, 1900%; *Foxboro Branch—Atlantic District—New England Mission,

920%; Fall River Branch—Atlantic

District—New England Mission,

700%.

Total Subscriptions

Claude W. Nalder Dr. Kenneth L. Duke Mrs. Kenneth L. Duke Mono R. Anderson Dorothy Capener

Mission President MIA Supervisor MIA Supervisor Era Director Era Director

STATES MISSION *Foxboro Branch—Atlantic District WESTERN—New England Mission, 46; York 1Branch—Blue Ridge District—Eastern States Mission, 42.

Group B Branches (CAM. 8 and

above) New London Branch—Connecticut

Valley District—New England Mis- A. Lewis Elggren Sister Elggren Delmont H. White Carl S. George Rella White

(Concluded on following page) Mission President First Counselor Second Counselor MIA Supervisor

JULY 1954 511 The Era Sets a New Record

{Concluded from preceding page) sion, 556%; Bridgeport Branch—Connecticut Valley District—New Engtwr-t.w-wr. landBranch—CentralMission, 450%;FloridaWinterDistrictHaven

71mprooejnenf&a 1*1 - Southern States Mission, 450%.

p*| n i-. M i-,; >. Total Subscriptions

Moses Lake Branch—Wenatchee

Districts—Northwestern States MisBranch—AtLOS SOUTH ANGELES MisSTAKE sion,lantic 156;District—NewCambridge England Afriiiiiptishmnkts Supttinr /W

in. thi* sion, 150.

./w#* -Oap.toa.ch to 'ramt'iu Meadina Western States Mission was given

special recognition for having had the greatest percent of gain in total subscriptions, with twentyone percent.

t.rl,.>-.,( LniAfe f.,il3li..n

fiverj VTani Tbi'Kra in I'Yen Ho Northern California Mission had the

Limirr f jtl (for *uki*!)in.-SiluialiintlisitWrij>ii<m.unittM- l.-ai, greatest point gain in percent of Cash

in j.>iT.'..'MI IjwkIit of all.-tuk.-* of I...A.M

fiflli.'tis,.'.-wtiw I fur lin; vwrei Award Minimum, with seventyseven

points. Santa Monica Stake had the

Ward(>i Ciutiimin Soillii iwliulf.!.<> W.-I.-*S (t-ralSlidu-R, n>Smli..i) ami Ilo greatest percent gain in total subscriptions, with sixty percent; and

South Carolina Stake had the greatest point gain in percent of Cash

Award Minimum with 66 points.

Here are listed the ten leading stakes of the Church in servicemen's subscriptions.

Palmyra, 126; West Pocatello, 123;

Mount Jordan, 121; Kolob, 116; Blackfoot, 113; North Jordan, 111; Grant,

107; West Jordan, 106; Sacramento,

-f 104; Alpine, 104.

Although Lamanite subscriptions are credited on stake campaigns only to the extent of twenty percent of the total subscriptions, this campaign has increase, substantial a which shown

- s- - r "ft "*%*f "maiK *a?#\ *,v4sk mixnifsK '-ssk ""jmk',3UJ desirable. most Idaho has been South

% 7Jmprooemtnt&a J Falls, with a magnificent record of 275 Lamanite subscriptions, led the

Special entire Church, with South Los Angeles, Blackfoot, and Minidoka following in that order, each with more

AUWKDI-'.I) IX) than 100 Lamanite subscriptions.

New England iVIissi Thus another great Era campaign!'i,r Su/tr'mr Ucom plithmfiils passes into history. To the thousands in the

f of Era workers in stakes and wards, flew -.rpproacli, to Tatnllii f\eadina & missions and branches, who must have CAMPAIGN

]<>3;&-!')54 enjoyed considerable satisfaction both

N S<tjbe>uoi "*&*&% /4cJUwg*H&tta in their efforts and in the success 1. I.iMitlT Of all tllKStOUS IHI'I -tilfc.!'- ill ll.Tcrli! t)f <!. A.M. 'Illfattending them, the Era staff extends

iii i.itiil.-i'm.ii.I All Aliswiows 2. stiWriiirione 'burrb IOW its thanks and congratulations. Era

>. I in tin'lliiil'iif F.imitm Hramiii'- Kra The it) Ku-n il'*nnThis Citatii.ni im lucks special reo ignition ami hunrm to subscribers now exceed 125,000, and

t'rve'ri branch ami diwriri in.\ tyisland Mission. the steady growth continues. In

every phase of the work the past year has been most successful, and it is with considerable pride and satisfaction that this report is made not only to but the and to Era workers, MIA k "Mtes ti'** *0*M-<t '/'*i l/ft*tf also to thousands of Era the many readers. 512 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Only Gerio and

SureJell pectins

FLAVOR- GUARD your jams and jellies

you get more natural fruit flavor and Qure regults every time.!

ooooooooooooooooo Now be absolutely sure of luscious, freshfruit flavor.

Use Certo or SureJell. Only they can "FlavorGuard"TakeCERTOyourORchoice—aSUREJELLliq-

your jams and jellies—and here's why: uid or powdered natural

fruit pectin product!

With Certo or SureJell natural fruit pectins you boil your fruit just one minute, saving precious natural fruit flavor.

The only pectins coded for freshness are Certo and

SureJell. You know they are fresh when you buy

them. This guarantees perfect results every time

when you follow the recipes exactly.

Get ready to make the best jams and jellies ever. Get

Certo or SureJell at your food store now!

HOMEMADE JAMS AND JELUEQ Products of General Foods

TASTE BEST...COST LESS I

JULY 1954 513 Explorer peak

by Russell McDonald

the late summer of 1948 a group 1953 that any further endeavors were

Inof thirty Explorer Scouts and made to consolidate the Explorer leaders from the Great Salt Lake Peak area as a national shrine for

Council gazed towards the east from Explorer Scouts. A former Explorer

near Dead Horse Pass in the Uintah leader of the first expedition, accomMountains and unanimously named panied by three climbers, scaled the the lofty spire rising high above them slopes to the summit of Explorer Peak

Explorer Peak (elevation 12,879 feet and placed a temporary plaque on as listed on Forest Service maps). the pinnacle after erecting a stone

Accepted as the tentative name by the monument on top to commemorate

Ashley and Wasatch Forest Service the first mountain named for the Exsuperintendents, nothing more was plorer program of the National Coundone officially to confirm the title as cil Boy Scouts of America.

few Explorer Scout expeditions peneFrom the summit vast distances untrated this far into the Uintah Mounfold with Mt. Timpanogos, Mt. Nebo,

tain wilderness area; and these groups and the Wasatch Range clearly identimerely skirted the area enroute to fied. Toward the east lies Kings

Kings Peak. Peak and the state of Colorado.

It was not until the summer of Northward is the Rock Springs and

Fort Bridger, Wyoming, area and to the south extends the Duchesne Basin with Moon Lake glittering at the base of the Uintah slopes. Two sister

peaks stand nearby with elevations of around 13,000 feet.

The characteristic shape of Explorer Peak is identified from aerial flights or from distant mountain passes as a great pyramid rising high above the surrounding ridges. On

the west slope great stone steps have been formed by avalanches of snow and rock sliding down the center of the mountain and laying bare horizontal layers of bedrock. This is the

only method of ascent from the west side. Excellent camp sites may be

situated in the fir and spruce forests surrounding Phinney Lake at the west slope of Explorer Peak. Excellent

fishing is obtained in this lake as well. The difficulty in arriving at

the west base either from Mirror Lake over Rocky Sea Pass or up from Rock

Creek to Fall Creek to the base of the mountain requires at least three to four days of packing over difficult terrain and should not be attempted unless Explorer groups have had considerable experience on pack trips up to twenty miles in length. A much

easier route for green or unseasoned

Explorer posts would be to follow the trail up Lake Fork from Moon Lake for two or three days and cut off into mm >.wmtr mK Ottosonat the headBasin.of OttosonExplorerBasinPeakandliesis

Explorer Peak in the high Uintahs. (Continued on page 516)

514 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Housewives are aDOIN'the TOWN weekdays at 3

Dottie Brown and Dean Buchanan, two of Channel Five's top favorites, have a lot of fun each weekday afternoon at 3.

They'd like you to join them, too.

Each day they offer toetapping music... visits with visiting stars and celebrities... information as to what's doin'

all over the Intermountain area. KSLTV

For the best in afternoon television, CHANNEL see "Doin'the Town"weekdays at 3 on KSLTV.

JULY 1954 515 EXPLORER PEAK

(Continued from page 514) and should not be attempted except easily climbed from the basin floor. by welltrained Explorer units.

Excellent fishing lakes are found in All Explorer posts must have a the basin and down Lake Fork to travel permit from the National

Moon Lake. Council before embarking on this

A third possible route to attain the expedition. All trips must be schedpeak would be from Rock Springs, uled for the latter part of July or the

Wyoming, to the Black Fork Ranger month of August. The last two weeks

Station and up the canyon to Dead in August are the most ideal as far

Horse Lake. This necessitates a as weather conditions in this high

dimb over Dead Horse Pass to the altitude area. Further information

west base of Explorer Peak. This may be obtained from the Great Salt

route is intermediate in difficulty (Concluded on page 518)

\Ss5>Sk5v2>5 is the ONLY mi Ik alterit o imantles...

especially developed Richard L. Evans

for babies. Perhaps it has always been so; certainly during our day it

seems increasingly to have been so: that custom and

- connotation have changed the meaning of words, and that men have found new ways for uttering old ideas. Diseases

that once were called by common names are likely at any time to take on the technical terminology of medical men.

And certainly the words that describe the philosophies and political persuasions of people have in some minds and by some men been made over and modified. Democracy, freedom, liberal, reactionary, and many other terms have at

times been appropriated and misappropriated for some peculiar purposes. And with our shifting semantics many other

terminology. Another field that has been affected are theand (MY Special word meanings have been modified and tied to a new

words concerning guilt and blame and sin. Indeed it someare there that altogether times remove seems those who wouldMorning Milk, has ertta

of for their responsibility sense from any men own thoughts vitamins AandD. andples, actscommandmentsand utterances.and Butcausestherethatareleadstill tolawsconsequences,and princino matter what we may have come to call our acts and utterances. This is the law of life. Constantly as well as

ultimately we pay a price for errors and indiscretions—notwithstanding any disposition to call sin something else—notwithstanding new terms, new colorings, new connotations

that sometimes make things sound as if they were something other than what they are. We can call a disease by another

y name,call an butevilit bystillanothermanifestsname,the butsameit symptoms.still manifestsAndthewesamecan

''****: ii&f&sS*'symptoms. If we need a more acute terminology, if we need

to sharpen our semantics, certainly we should do so. We

should feel free to add names and words and technical terms

For your baby's smile of healthas occasion may require. But heaven keep us from the fallacy

of supposing that we have changed the nature of the thing by calling it another name. Heaven keep us from supposing

that we absolve ourselves, or are in any way relieved of the law of cause and effect by turning to technical terms. It

simply isn't so.

-Jhe. Saoken>p 1/1/ ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE MORNING PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, APRIL 25, 1954

ERA516 MILK THE IMPROVEMENTCopyright,,. A., -...:. -

VACATION!

ENJOY A ReAtMH*

: i

... SMOOTH TRAVEL

FINEST FOOD.

m EXTRA FUN CONVENIENCES MODERN d-*to vacation at which vauey gun f crenic attractions vanety.rf"* cho,. a wide HUtoric tlons fromirum a There's tochoose cany country o go wonderful mounram this h"us at travel and streams.. lakes. a$ you s.... beaches when tractive club-, B- *E &E "en*

L ail, you'll arrrve at your ""item for J"'? 'f"Xmu featured aXbove through, brMaj P icture windows.. level eye at andyChrfsk rested fa good on destination

aay! r any on WS|return der3v&—

tickets. of exchange

h.t. with your travel plons. contort

RAILROAD PAC1MC UM.ON

*s*r; JULY 1954 517 EXPLORER PEAK AT DAYNES MUSIC - - - (Concluded from page 516) plorer groups will hold a rendezvous

Lake Council Information Bureau, at noon on the top of Mt. Explorer to

tyote yet atone Red Feather Building, Salt Lake City, dedicate the peak properly. A bronze

Utah. plaque presented by the Salt Lake

It has been requested by the MIA Council Explorers will be placed on a

Superintendency that the Sabbath monument on top; and a bottle of

day be upheld by all Explorer posts; Colorado River water taken from

and, therefore, a sixday limit must Glen Canyon by an Explorer Scout be scheduled so that Explorer Peak River Expedition will be poured on expeditions will not, under any cirtop eventually to return to its source.

cumstances, be planned on Sundays. All Explorer posts are invited to atOn August 26, a number of Extend this dedication.

VvAvN?

e en L/V ( Richard L. Evans

TThere are times and moments in life when people seem to have arrived at what they want—when the plans and

purposes they have pursued seem to have been successful.

But this we learn, sooner or later: that life is not a single

scene.picture—itIt isisaa seriesmovingof scenes.picture, andIt is notnota amatterportraitof oranya singlestatic

moment. And just when we think all the pieces are in place,

AMERICA'S FINEST something may happen to change the pattern and the picture.

ELECTRONIC ORGAN To turn for a moment to history: Napoleon, in the period of

his ascendancy, is said to have written a boasting letter conConnsonata offers more for cerning the solidness of his situation. But Lord Nelson, into

your money. In both single and whose hands the letter fell, added a threeword postscript to

double manual; you will find the it: "Mark the end."Mark the end—and the end of that

same authentic, real organ tone episode came later with the defeat of Napoleon's fleet. "We

faultless quality; performance are,"wrote Shakespeare, know what "but what we know not

... qualities of style and beauty successful be."necessarily scene doesn't we may 1 One make

the which Connsonata make a successful plot or a successful play. A play is composed of electronic for a favorite organ is not over until the final curtain call—all homes, churches, funeral homes. many parts and

And there's a Connsonata for of which suggests humility as a becoming quality: humility

every budget. See it and hear among men, humility before God, for we none of us know

it for yourself! Stop in at when success will sour, when happiness will turn to sorrow,

Daynes Music. when health will turn to sickness, when affluence will be

altered by accident or adversity. So changeable is life, so

varied are the shifting scenes, that no matter who we are, or are, or where we have arrived, we none of us know Daunes Music what we when we shall have need of other men—or need for help

the help of sense of superior- a beyond men. smug And 4547 SOUTH MAIN Trrrnrn

5attafre Ctty ity, others, of inconsideration advantage, unfair abusing taking145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, BLVD.,OGDEN PROVCW'2260i WASHINGTON

power, abusing position, all these and many other things unmentioned have often proved to be but the prologue to a different kind of scene and sequence. The tides of all things

FREE! weturn,shouldand knowbefore howwe farcan andsurelyhowsayconsistentlysomeone heis successful,can carry

16 MM. SOUND FILMS success. And before we smugly assume that we are unfor assailable, we would well remember Nelson's postscript to the

M.I. A., Boy Scouts, Special boasting words of Bonaparte: "Mark the end.""... he that

Interest or other groups. shall endure to the end, the same shall be saved."2 God help

275 TITLES TO CHOOSE FROM us to remember that life is not a matter of one scene, but an endless and eternal sequence of scenes.

For Information or Catalog Write, Wire or Call Jke Spoken l/i/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, MAY 2, 1954 HILLAM'S Copyright, 1954 54 P. O. Place, Salt Lake City, Utah Shakespeare, Hamlet, Act IV, Scene 5.

Phone 3-5417 2Matthew 24:13.

518 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Today, some heavyduty motor oils offer

..."you protection against friction wear

others offer protection against acid wear.

Now Continental Oil Company is proud

to announce America's first DoubleDuty

motor oil.... a new oil that combines

two exclusive discoveries (OilPlating and

AcidProofing)* to protect your car against

both friction and acid, the major causes

of engine wear. //

Jf-.y*- c-o..<—-w

PRESIDENT, CONTINENTAL OIL COMPANY

iit'r

Now this new DoubleDuty motor oil with

OilPlating and AcidProofing is at Conoco

Dealers everywhere.

America's first motor oil W DoubleDuty

TUT.Y 1954 519

.

'ScxvSSiSSS take ALL the work out of,,--s Af woman Set apart STARCHING Ready To Use! Richard L. Evans

Just Add Water "pOR the blessed privilege of having had such a mother as

FOR EASY STARCHING, would add grace and kindliness to a company even of

BEAUTIFUL IRONING angels—for such a hallowed privilege, our hearts are humMore Economical bled this day. And as we turn our thoughts to memories

rich it's extra because yet, and have with you them you who may to mothers—to

LIQUID Get QUICK ELASTIC say to us: have taken had from be them today we from us who

them, this day—and always, what you would wish you had

been to them if they were no longer here. Let there be no

loneliness among mothers this day, or on any other, for any thoughtlessness of ours. And now, for a moment may we

turn our attention to another side of the subject: In one

account of the courtship of Elizabeth Barrett Browning she replied to the importuning young poet that she should not marry because of her physical frailty, that if she should, as she poignantly put it, she would be "haunted by the ghosts of [his] unborn children."1 This thought has some searching meanings for this day. There are many avenues of

activity open to this generation of young women. Indeed,

there seem to be few that are closed to them. But in contemplating all of the open avenues, God grant that none who

have given themselves in marriage and who are able, may be so shortsighted as to close their eyes to the career of hal- *x*mMiae lowed motherhood. There are less burdensome pursuits.

Prefer the powdered modern ELASTIC There are avenues of more monetary remuneration, of more starch? Buy QUICK

Dry—about Use%c HOTa quart.or COLD at independence, more freedom, more convenience, of more

glamour, perhaps, of a certain kind. But where is there one

so richly rewarding, so fully satisfying, so assuredly consistent with the meaning and purpose of life, so close in

KITCHEI1 CHflRITI companionship with'God, so devoutly to be wished for, so

WAXED PAPER earnestlythe careerto ofbe virtuous,prayed for,faithfulso completelymotherhoodto beinaccepted,honorableas marriage? say mothers would to young And this we who KEEPS FOOD find heavy, evenings the weary, multithe days the chores

FRESHER LONGER! plied, the problems perplexing—but the rewards so wonderfully rich—this we would say to them, in some choice quoted

sentences from the pages of the poets: "There will be a singing in your heart; there will be a rapture in your eyes; you

will be a woman set apart; you will be so wonderful and

wise."2 And "Thou, while thy babes around thee cling, shalt

show us how divine a thing a woman may be made."8 God

bless the mothers of men—and thank God for the memories

of hallowed mothers.

3L Spoken J/VordWoJ"from temple square

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM,. MAY 9, 1954

Copyright, 1954

xRudolf Besier, The Barratts of Wimpol Street.

"Robert W. Service, The Mother.

sWordsworth, To A Young Lady.

NOW COMES THE DAY

By Gene Romolo

to the again day for us spiritual comes bring And strength to stay the scourge fullripe gratihearts with to God, of NowOur war;

tude, For omniscient only God's give can mind largess of lifesaving food vision live us to Us clearer and teach divine, paternal care love and POPULAR WITH MILLIONS AndFor fruitfulhis

OF HOUSEWIVES... In holding wide a sanctuary door, At peace with self, our neighbor, and the

AT ALL LEADING GROCERS That all may enter and find solace there, world.

520 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

New Approaches to Have your Book of Mormon Study

page (Concluded 507) from (ibid., himself 133). Pattison p. 195) calls MlPROVfJtllT ffifiS

Scaliger's "the most richlystored intellect acquiring itself in which ever spent knowlhandsomely bound writes: edge."Robinson "Whether G. W.

Joseph Scaliger should be reckoned the greatest scholar of all time, share or should that is, perhaps, with Aristotle, palm an open for just $900 question; of his primacy beyond all rivalry FOB SALT

among the scholars of modern times there LAKE CITY can be no doubt...."(Autobiography of FOR BINDING YOUR ENTIRE

Joseph Scaliger [Cambridge, Mass., 1927], YEAR'S ISSUE

p. 8.) "His only possible rival,"writes H. Retain for permanent use the excellent in-

W. Garrod in his Manilius (p. Ixxxii), "is structions and outstanding articles of lasting

Bentley—so much inferior in knowledge, in interest that appear monthly in your Improvepatience, in circumspection, and in the ment Era. You may have editions of the Era

in handsomely clothcovered bound book now faculty of grasping a whole, that only a is with gold stamping. naform (preCost just $3 tive levity of the caprice of reaction could paid), plus for postage, entire year's issues. an

place the him on as height same Scaliger."FOR ADD POSTAGE MAIL ORDERS

nearer "He came than any other before man Distance from or since his time to reaching the ideal of a Salt Lake City, Utah Rate universal grasp of antiquity,"thus J. Bernays, to miles 150 Up 43

Joseph Justus Scaliger (Berlin: p. 1. 1885), to miles 150 300 49

For other references to Scalirer's achieve300 to 600 miles 59 ments, H. Nibley, "New Light on Scaliger,"600 to 1000 miles 73

The Classical Journal, XXXVII (1942), 2911000 to 1400 miles 88 5. 1400 to 1800 miles 1.06

135Huet, quoted in A. E. Housman, ManilOver 1800 miles 1.23

ius, I, xiv. Send to or bring your Era Magazines to the

Ibid., pp. xiv ff.

yjlIbid., p. xvii.

1[il"Ibid., pp. xvii f, with much more to the same effect. Deseret News Press 13uAfter immense labor and research a———The West's Finest Hinders——

movingpicture of Lloyd Douglas's epic, The 31 RICHARDS STREET PHONE 4-2581 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH has Robe, released. been the Almost opening

scene shows lovers parting at two a dock /jgPlipS8SSS!!

Ostia. Their last embraces are curtailed by

the voice of an importunate captain or mate It 'TALKS"you into good luck of the ship, who keeps crying from the deck that unless our hero hastens they will it "TALKS"you out of trouble surely miss tide, sir! the tide. "The The

tide!"wails the voice. As any schoolboy

knows who has read his Caesar, there are no tides in the Mediterranean. What if BerNARdin

the Book of Mormon had made a slip like doublefeature home canning caps that? The Robe is full of them.

... Yes, a loud Snap tells you you've got

Antoine R. Ivins Lid Snaps down, a tight seal... those builtin latex rings are

You've got a solidly gripping the jar rim—and that

(Concluded from page 499) high vacuum. exclusive third coat of food acid resistant

the inside that offulfilled on you his every wish. As Father enamel lid—gives protection matter added no what you can. it,expressed

there's tiny a gully the on But—suppose I have always been ambitious, of course, rim, a or fragment adhered to food of

for the of welfare I children. have my full. filled jar the too Snap you goes jarit—or forworked for them, saved them, determined

. center. the the comes.you hear—lid—upthat their opportunities should Lid Snaps be up. better plenty to time correct the you of see—in Ithan were. mine wanted to them be Cheek jar rim recan. trouble and

accomplished and well equipped for the batand recan.

tle of life. I wanted them to be men and In every detail, the metal, the threading,

women of character, with faith, loving the convenient packing, Bernardin is the the right because it was right, with their Quality 2-piece cap of the Home Canning consciences trained to abhor the habit so field but is priced competitively.

common in society which regards selfin- This season enjoy these extra advantages.

terest as the dominant thing to be sought after; to be independent thinkers, but at

the same time giving honor and respect to the opinions of others, and above all, tohave faith that the Lord will care for and BerNARdin direct us if we put our trust in him, and that in the can't end (and reach a proper we LIDS CAPS SNAP AND until thejudgment end comes) we will lids. caps and know...Just ask for snap

allthat does he things well.

JULY 1954 521 Elaine McKean and Miss Iris Parker

THE CHURCH MOVES ON have been appointed to the general (Concluded from page 488) Aurelia Spencer Rogers, Ellis Reynolds board of the Young Women's Mutual

Joseph K. Nicholes Inorganic LaboraShipp, Mary Fielding Smith, Eliza R. Improvement Association.

tories, James E. Talmage Lecture Hall, Snow, Mina Murdock Broadbent, Ruth

Edwin S. Hinckley Mineralogical LabMay Fox, Alice Merrill Home, Romania O President Stephen L Richards of

oratory, Frederick Earle Buss Physical Pratt Penrose, Alice Robinson Richards, "the First Presidency dedicated the

Geology Laboratory, George H. Hansen Louise Yates Robison, Lucy Mack Smith, chapel of the East Pasadena Ward,

Historical Geology Laboratory, Milton and Emmeline B. Wells. Most of these Pasadena (California) Stake.

Marshall Focault Pendulum, Wayne B. women are deceased. Ruth May Fox, President Stephen L Richards of the

Hales Lecture Hall, Franklin L. West former president of the YWMIA, now in First Presidency dedicated the combinaLecture Hall, Albert C. Boyle Science Liher 101st year, was in attendance. tion Eastmont Ward chapelEast Los

brary, Frank Warren Smith Graduate In all, President McKay dedicated Angeles (California) Stake house.

Study Halls. Elder Pratt was a pioneer twentytwo BYU buildings and thirteen President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., of the

astronomer. Elders Widtsoe, Maw, parts of buildings. First Presidency dedicated the combinaTalmage, Hinckley, Buss, and West tion Evanston Third Ward chapelwere members, at one time, of BYU Woodruff (Wyoming) Stake house.

faculties. Elders Nicholes, Hansen, June 1954 Elder Richard L. Evans of the Council

delivered baccathe of the Twelve currentMarshall, Hales are and memFielding Smith Joseph O President address before the graduating faculty. Eldersbers of the Boyle and dedilaureate of the of the Council Twelve

Smith each contributed several thousand cated the East Riverside (Salt Lake class of the University of Utah.

volumes to the science library at BYU. City) Stake center. President Marion D. Hanks of the

President David O. McKay dedicated First Council of the Seventy delivered

the George Albert Smith field house on K The First Presidency announced the baccalaureate sermon before the the BYU campus. ** the formation of a special "historic graduating class of Brigham Young

President David O. McKay named and sites"committee which will direct all University.

dedicated the Herald R. Clark Student activities, missionary and otherwise, at Elder William Grant Bangerter susService Center on the BYU campus. the historic places of the Church. tained as president of North Jordan

"Heritage Halls,"sixteen modern Named to the committee have been (Utah) Stake, succeeding President student apartment buildings named in Elders Adam S. Bennion and George Q. John D. Hill. Elders Wayne C. Player

honor of sixteen LDS women were dediMorris of the Council of the Twelve, and Merrill A. Nelson sustained as

cated by President McKay. These indiBishop Thorpe B. Isaacson of the Precounselors to President Bangerter. Revidual buildings bear the names: Emma siding Bishopric, and Elder Wilford C. leased with President Hill were his

Lucy Gates Bowen, Louie B. Felt, Estella Wood. counselors, Elders Edwin K. Winder and

Spilsbury Harris, Anna Meith Maeser, It was announced that Miss Joie Alvin Barker.

for that new carA power!

new UTOCO gasoline

r\ w

522 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA These Times HAVE YOUR CHILDREN SEEN (Continued page 482) from

inarticulate implicaTUBBY There are many tions in any collective security arrangement. Even a fire insurance policy's

fine print doesn't cover all of them as any lawyer will tell you and thousands of court decisions attest. A Southeast Asia pact has even more unlooked

for possibilities. Variegated interpretation

by all the parties is merely the beginning of full allout war with China, with

Russia, another Korea in IndoChina,

Burma, or elsewhere; taxes, conscription, hydrogen bombs, et al., are only

one set of prospects. Many more can

and will be recounted in the next few months. But deeper than all these are

two inarticulate, major premises which need to be clarified. If and when they

are clarified, truly clarified, they will require support with all the determinaTHE GOLDFISH?

tion vigor that and Hamilton, Madison, and in his time, Lincoln, gave to the

Constitution. And if not clarified satisHe's part of the fun of family dinner

factorily, the pact should be subjected to serious examination if not opposed with in the C O F F E E SHOP vigor.equal These premises have to do

with (1) the underlying assumptions Special china, prices and souvenir menus for your children regarding the nature of man; and (2) the

nature and purpose of man's existence.

Much thought about political theory and social science convinces one that any Hotel Utah policy of major proportion that ignores Max Carpenter, Manager either of these questions, or confuses either of them, is to that extent fraudulent in the realm of actuality. And most

policies do exactly that. True, there are

hypotheses that will and methodologies produce beautiful and attractive models what is TRIBUNELAND?

—in a social vacuum or in circumstances

where life and civilization are not soon to be at stake. Often, the latter type of

policies, broad, vague, and general, per- t is a fourstate community of 1,250,000 peoplemit smooth social functioning. They /S> I

have great value—their way and place. which has borders but no barriers, where everyone has

But as soon as human motivation, hu- a common goal: To take the rich inheritance fromman relations, social action involving

survival are involved, the need for these nature and turn it,- with plow and with jackhammer, usually inarticulate premises emerges with pump and with the technological marvels and begs for treatment. The extent to

which communism affords vital meanof mankind, into the wealth and food and goods that ing to Asians in these terms is perhaps makes TribuneLand and Our America strongerone basis of communism's success in day by day and year by year. And The Salt Lake

Asia.

Do we have leadership, and are we Tribune is proud of its role as the symbol of capable of supporting leadership that communication and the chronicler of progress, can plumb a question like a Southeast in keeping with'its eminent position as

Asian pact for its underlying premises regarding the nature of man and his existence? Can these inarticulate premThe Tie That Binds the Inlermouiitain West

ises then be made "articulate"? And, as

believing (as well as thinking) beings \t faAX ptkt %iib\mt can we motivate ourselves then, one One of America's Great Newspapers way or the other, in terms of the basic and vital interests attendant on man's nature?

Is a man esentially good? Can he be

trusted to agree and act in concert with his fellows for beneficial results? Is tsassszassi—

(Continued on following page) JULY 1954 523.

UTAH'S FIRST CHARTERED SAVINGS BANK These Times {Continued from preceding page)

ANOTHER SERVICE man essentially evil, not to be trusted,

FOR YOUR andand thereforesuspicion?to beIs treatedhe bothwithgoodenmityand

CONVENIENCE evil? In what proportions? Under what

conditions can the good, the trustful, agreeable, beneficial nature be deNIGHT veloped? When should men oppose

other men with force, mistrust, or less

DEPOSITORY obvious action? Who shall judge?

Make your God may well judge. But man also

Bank Building deposits has his agency, his swords, his pens, his practically, This, plowshares. or loan and Lobby

leaves of these deciif not most many payments 12 East sions to people, here now. and John South ANYTIMETemple before, Locke said "the people shall judge."

during or American constitutionalism makes the after banksame answer, with channels and "filters,"ing hours. checks and balances, and, a large measAll needed ure of public education added, to guide

forms at the judgment through channels. How

desk in shall we judge?

the lobby. The nineteenth century, in large

measure, was able to ignore the problem of evil. So with much of the twentieth!

Hell, sin, wickedness were softpedaled and replaced by the diagnoses of history zion's savings bank and social psychology (much of it, true, to our advantage). Mr. Freud interpreted his own and others'dreams and & TrustDAVID O. McKAY,CompanyPRESIDENT added an influential theory of the naSouth Temple & Main. Salt Lake City Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. ture of man—with many shortcomings

as a contemporary psychiatrist will always frankly admit to his colleagues.

In a romantic age, intoxicated with the dream of economic and industrial progress, the question of man's nature, of the ultimate purpose of his existence, receded farther and farther into the background; was lorded over, deeper

and deeper, by the more pressing concerns of the social scientists as they piled monograph upon monograph, volume

What you see and do! Including upon volume, describing current probHOTEL in ACCOMMODATIONS the Enjoy sun Angeles it Los Hollylems. business Those whose was to

Hills... Beverly wood.. Santa.. Monica. see SIGHTSEEING of choices a rational discern pathway

.. Pasadena! gigantic See spark-.. SPECIAL Hoover. Dam TRIP ROUND TRANSPORTATION

.. of in... ling welter the and Lake women for men. gay Las. Sierra Mead Vegas

the See Nevadas! Pacific..San Coast. (8 DAYS) ininformation, more and more became

... Francisco Reno Donner Pass and

"grass soof cuttings"plus tax volved with the SacraONLY $72.70 Valley!... mento

the Send coupon below refor all the history, science rather than and details FROM SALT LAKE CITY cial this about wonderful California Greyhound studies, information, lating all the new it Tour. todayl Mail

and surveys to the roots of the problem, man himself.

If men are beasts, mere animals, the best policy for the United States is to dispatch heavy bombers with hydrogen bombs to all parts of the earth, save perhaps ourselves. Then those among

us who don't like the rest of us can turn on us and rend us. Those that

are left can then live like pigs or aniSend Your Friends mal kings as they choose, might making beasts, are right. MISS not nor THIS!DON'T But if men

are they glad forMany wrote our You, OFFER. else and animals, something then iftoo, qualified, can $6,000.00 to $8,000.00 make THE mere

first year.your Preference given those seeking is indicated. different radically Thework Christian with emphasis. also Openings for IMPROVEMENT ispart is time employment. of that noblest he conception man

Write today. full State experience particuand attributes godlike of with a child God,lars. "Opportunity ERA booklet Plus"FREE.

JOHN RUDIN & COMPANY, INC. which it is his duty and purpose to

1018 S. Wabash Oept. C 42 Chicago 5, III. $2.50 in U.S.A. develop within himself, and, to recog-

(Concluded on page 526) 524 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA J

Industrial Byproduct *-a Scenic Wonder i> %am

Normally, scenic attractions are natural towering levels of this huge bowl shaped wonders. But here in Utah we have a mine, they are actually looking at the

great tourist magnet that is a byproduct of beginning of a cycle of benefits that reach man's ingenuity in developing natural resources every home in our State.

- Copper production is important in creating

Kennecott's Utah Copper mine at Bingham

Utah's high standard of living. So it is fitting

Canyon draws nearly 100,000 visitors a year, that during the 50 years the mine has been who wind their way up the singlestreet town growing, it has produced as a byproduct, the of Bingham to view the largest open pit copper benefits that come from attracting an evermine in the country. When they see the increasing number of tourists to our State*

111111 ', KCC*It/1. -.-,-....'.-. o.y--...,: ''iy..................". T.I.*..'.:...onji>... -

TF&mB Kennecott Copper Corporation Iiilli

A Good Neighbor Helping to Build a Better Utah

JULY 1954 525 iSsaKKE "-Kk. These Times

{Concluded from page 524) nize and encourage in others. "Others"

include people outside one's own group.

The author of this concept, Jesus, said, "Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature."He also

cautioned for the use of wisdom. If wisdom dictates collective action in Southeast Asia, can it be based on less than

the premise of the Christian conception of mankind—at least for those of us

who profess Christianity? And for

the rest, can we do less than base it in premises from Judaism, Buddhism, Confucianism, et al., that either closely correspond or lie near at hand?

This is not to offend anyone by making immodest claims that God is on the side of the West, and thereby, by implior the the Russians to cation, opposed For a Growin his Christian takes Chinese. If one

of respector that conclusion God is "no Student Body—scripture straight, one is forced to the in his interested is equally persons"and

Carl F. Eyring Physical Science Center, Russian and Chinese children, as the

of one the finest laboratory buildings all. of just merciful Father and nation. in the A Growin linger yearndeep in Basic mankind

ings, beliefs, and aspirations. The apfall BYU Campus peal to men's better natures may

on deaf, callow, and even treacherous ears. Judas Iscariot has many disciples

Many new buildings have been who betray for silver or less. But the

constructed and more are being appeal to men's better natures, to overthereby not should evil with good, come m growingplanned tostudentaccommodatebody at trieB.Y.U.,fasttasks basic the be discarded. One of

One of apartment 16 new is to in these times of statesmanship housing nearly 1000 penetration women students.buildings asoverChurchlook tomembersB.Y.U. astheTHEIRworld see clearly, with sufficient CHURCH UNIVERSITY. to the roots of things, in terms of the

They know that here they can ageold conflict between good and evil.

learn not only how to make a livIn that conflict, we are called occaing but also how to live. There sionally to perform the awful task of

is room for you at the Church identifying the good and then deterUniversity. Plan now to attend. mining the outcome for it. The identidifficult the than is often more Write the registrar for informafication

Building construction McKay now under is fact initial resolution. But a basic tion. offices. 38 classrooms, 110 will add

that men still yearn for good and for an alliance with righteousness which promBrigham Young University ises ultimate victory. Can we extend

such a hope? Truth can prevail, but it PROVO - UTAH must be known and advertised.

The President's announcement for a

Southeast Asia pact seems to be a propoAmerican Seating Company IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS sition that calls for clarification of the inarticulate premises.

for Furniture Church every need in treatment simple of Canker, lecAids sets, Pulpit fonts and and communion sore throat minor and other mouth delivery. for early available Also terns

chancel furniture, carvings, BodiformPews, and throat irritations. GOLD HUNTING

auditorium chairs, folding chairs, tables and Sundayschool furniture. By Mary B. Willison

Write Department 169 I long should for gold? HALL'S REMEDY SEATING COMPANY AMERICAN seen in Canada,, Salt Lake City, Utah WHYI have meadows 2, Mich. W., Grand Rapids 901 Broadway, N.

n()iiBa()4(:<-B 'mmm-u-w i *&(. +C4mmnnmm-t.,>4 yellow with mustard and sweet clover;

I have seen hedges of graceful forsythia miles, stretching from Ohio to Wash-... moulded 'Unbreakable

ington; L.D.S. HEADQUARTERS FOR glass. to Lightlook like

capitol lawns, seen dooryards, and s'f free. IN LAS VEGAS, noise Ecoweight, A NEVADA: I have

fields riot all of dandelions; a golden height. Standard nomical.

in railfor glossy buttercups hunted have dealer. your from YE Order REST KINGS MOTEL I

SB 167 corners, fence cowslips 526 and growing 5TH STREET SOUTH SPECIAL OFFER $1.25

little Dr. B. backfield streams; Foutz, and, Harold by Owner trial $1.00 Doz. IHLZm't9 I Mall for lot of

I H. Foutz, like tiny found, the dust, gold Edgar have Manager sent postpaid. dozen one

Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout

BRASS GOODS'CO. 55 Sudbury St., Boston 14, Mass. WhyperfectshouldflowersI dig forof oxalisgold? in the grass.

526 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It is difficult to write a definition of the American way.

But it is easy to find good examples. Here is one:

Few people realize how

rapidly America's economy is growing

Anyone who spreads fears that we may be facing This trend of expansion is not slowing down. It's

another major depression ignores completely how rapidly accelerating.

much America has changed since the 1930's.

Many exciting new industries are predictable as we

Industrial research and development have broadlearn how to make full use of atomic energy. Another

ened the base of our entire economy and, even more important new field will be electronic machinery that important, have laid the groundwork for a steadily will make work easier, production swifter. Our scienincreasing expansion in the years to come. tists are experimenting with metal crystals 50 times

Here are just two examples of what has happened. stronger than any metals we now know. New and

better home appliances are on the way. More uses for

The first electric refrigerator with a sealedin mechthe gas turbine are coming out of jetengine exanism was introduced by General Electric in i926, and periments.

its production in that year required only a few hundred people. Today, refrigerators and freezers make These are only a few of the things General Electric

up a billiondollar business which employs more than is interested in, and other companies, of course, are 100,000 men and women in manufacturing, plus addihard at work on equally promising projects.

tional thousands in retailing and distribution. The Our belief in a longterm period of industrial

freezer itself has made possible another whole new growth is not wishful speculation. It's being backed

industry, frozen foods. by the greatest building program America has ever

seen. Last year, the nation's industries spent 28 billion,

In i939, most of us knew electronics only as tubes 400 million dollars for new plant and equipment;

in our radio, and the entire industry sold 230 million this year, they will spend only slightly less. Our own

dollars'worth of equipment. Electronics is now a 4%-

investment since 1946 has already reached more than billiondollar business, and some experts predict it will a billion dollars. In 1954, a record 175 million dollars

grow to 20 billions in the i96o's. General Electric, just

one producer, now has electronicequipment factories will be put to work by G.E., 24% more than last year.

in 13 different parts of the country and has stepped This is the kind of confidence we have in the up its payroll in this field to 27,000 in just 15 years. country's future.

Progress /s Our Most Important Product

GENERAL ELECTRIC

JULY 1954 527 should be among the first to arrive

Responsibilities of Melchizedek Priesthood at the homes of the deceased and offer condolence and their services.

Quorum Presidencies bers.c. Visits to reactivate quorum memOne of the principal duties of quoIntroductory Statement Responsibilities of Melchizedek rum presidencies is to reactivate quoPriesthood Quorum Presidencies rum members. Up to the present

a revelation received by the time there has been no method disInProphet Joseph Smith, the Savior First—To become acquainted with covered which equals the personal

warned those who are called to every quorum member: contact method. If quorum presipositions of leadership in the priestIt is the duty of all Melchizedek dencies go to the homes of the lesshood in the following words: Priesthood quorum presidencies to beactive quorum members and invite

come personally acquainted with all them to attend quorum meetings, ocWherefore, now let every man learn his their quorum members. They should casionally take those members to the

office in in to act the whichduty, cars, and in their socials or to meetings status, the type the economic he know all diligence.is in appointed, to regularly and telephone them abilities, of the in, the engaged work is slothful shall counted not that be He invitations to affiliate extend

not that learns to habits, stand, as thereby attitudes, personal he the and, andworthy his duty and shows himself not approved far as possible, the spirituality of each with the quorum, they can reactivate lessactive brethren. of theseshall worthy not be counted acmany This thorough member. to stand. Even quorum

107:99100.)so. Amen. (D. & C. visits. d. Welfare is acquired gradually quaintance and

presidencies the Since have quorum will as rapidly only come as quorum definitely statement foregoing The to definite in a responsibility regards efforth presidencies put an exerted first responsiof the that oneshows welfare the economic of quorum memit. attain fort to

is to calledbilities of any who man bers, in priesthood holders economichold a position of leadership in the S e c o n d—To Visit Melchizedek distress should be visited by the presiMelchizedek Priesthood is to become Priesthood quorum members: dencies for the purposes of ascertainacquainted with all of the require- a. Annual visits to all quorum meming what help could be rendered and

ments and duties entailed in that bers. to bolster them up with moral supposition. Early in the year is the preferred port.

time for quorum presidencies to begin Third—To care for the personal

Purposes of Priesthood Quorums their annual visits to quorum memwelfare of quorum members:

and their Presidencies bers to prevent having this assignAmong the various objectives and ment crowded on them during the duties of quorum presidencies as listed

Priesthood quorums are organized last few days of the year. By startin the Melchizedek Priesthood Handfor the purpose of helping every ing early, the quorum presidencies book, pp. 2022, the following statepriesthood holder to attain a condican take their time in making the ment is made:

tion of wellbeing in body, mind, and annual visits and thereby make them bearer Melchizedek of the To help every worth while unto themselvesspirit—which includes the economic, more Priesthood of attain to a degree economic

moral, and spiritual welfare of each and more beneficial to the quorum independence and material wellbeing that member and of his family. Since each members. These annual visits supply will assure adequate food, clothing, fuel,

quorum presidency is called of the the best opportunities for quorum housing, and other needed physical comforts educational advantages for himand presidencies personally to become his divinethrough and set apartLord his family. self and the quoacquainted with each of all of to directly appointed power

the activities of the quorum, each rum members. (See Melchizedek Obviously it is the duty of a quorum

member becomes the concern of the Priesthood Handbook, pp. 4950 and presidency to take advantage of every

presidency. the Era, December 1952, p. 969.) opportunity "to improve the economic

Among the principal purposes of b. Visits at times of sickness or status of quorum members."The

the priesthood quorums are to help death. Handbook of Instructions of the Welthe Church accomplish its divine misQuorum presidencies should be fare Plan, pp. 2023, definitely assigns

sion of perfecting the saints, of carryalert and on hand on all occasions a certain amount of responsibility to ing the gospel message to the world, when the quorum members or their priesthood quorums in the rehabilitaand of providing for the salvation of families become ill or when deaths tion of quorum members.

the dead. Thus, quorum presidencies occur. Hospitalization of quorum Fourth—To support the Church

have the responsibility of working members furnishes presidencies excelWelfare Program:

with each quorum member and his lent opportunities to visit them and Among the duties of quorum presifamily until they conform their living take flowers and encouragement to dencies as outlined in the Melchizeto all the standards of the restored them in behalf of the quorum. At the dek Priesthood Handbook, p. 23, the

gospel. time of death, quorum presidencies following appears:

528 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Priesthood a. To direct and urge participation in welrum in fostering and encouraging the Eighth—To promote quorum sofare projects. missionary program. cials:

with each week meet regularly b. To

repreofficial the Seventh—To promote temple work: Each Melchizedek Priesthood quoas committee welfare ward

sentatives of the priesthood quorum, in a. To encourage all quorum memrum should hold at least one good

cases where the quorum membership is bers to become worthy. social every two months. In order to

a case of In the to ward. one confined interest of the quorum the maintain It presidencies is the duty of quorum leader group the may group, priesthood varied socials be should the members, of to direct the teaching the gospel committee. ward serve on the

sothese of purposes in nature. The to preparing members, them quorum

The Welfare Plan Handbook, p. 9, to become worthy to go to the temcials are for the presidencies to bestates that a member of the high ple. Quorum presidencies should come better informed regarding the

priests'quorum, a member of the understand definitely the requirecapabilities of the quorum members, seventies'quorum, and a member of ments for entrance into the House of to become better acquainted with the elders'quorum should serve on the Lord and also the great blessings them, to stimulate in them increased the ward welfare committee. In many which come to those who take out interest in the Church and the quocases those appointees will be taken their endowments and enter into the rum, and to provide fraternal activity

from the presidencies of those quoorder of celestial marriage, realizing among the quorum members.

rums. that the blessings of the temple will Ninth—To correspond with absent

Fifth—To devise ways and means be attained, however, only by the members:

to get every member active in the righteous Saints who remain faithful a. With servicemen.

priesthood and rendering obedience to the end. Servicemen should be corresponded

to God's commandments: b. To encourage all quorum memwith at least monthly by quorum

No quorum presidency should rest bers to get their own endowments. presidencies or their appointees. It

contentedly when one or more of the Quorum presidencies should know is recommended that quorums provide quorum members are not active in which quorum members have and their members in the armed services, priesthood work and are not keepwhich have not their endowments, from quorum funds, subscriptions to ing God's commandments. The and should encourage all of them to the "Church Section"of the Deseret

Savior's teachings of the lost sheep do their own temple work while the News and The Improvement Era.

and the lost coin illustrate this point opportunity is available. From time to time when quorum

perfectly. Fortified by faith, prayers, c. To have their families sealed. presidencies correspond with serviceand the help of the Lord, quorum Quorum presidencies should enmen, they should include in their

presidencies should diligently devise courage all their quorum members to letters gospel tracts and tracts on the every way and means possible to have their families sealed back clean life. These tracts may be obbring into activity all of the quorum through the proper lines. tained from the stake mission presimembers. d. To trace their own ancestry. dent.

Sixth—To foster and encourage misTo accomplish the sealing of fami- c.. With members on missions, away

sionary work: lies, quorum presidencies should enat school, or at work.

a. Stake missionary work. courage all members to become inQuorum presidencies should corQuorum presidencies should enterested in genealogy and trace their respond or direct the corresponding

courage quorum members to make own ancestry, thereby providing each month with members of their their services available to the stake family records for temple work purquorum who are filling foreign mismissionary work. Quorum presiposes: sions or who are away at school or at

dencies could, with propriety, suggest e. To do vicarious work for the work. Some of the replies from servto the stake presidencies that they dead. icemen, from quorum members at

have certain capable missionaryQuorum presidencies should enschool or away at work, and from minded quorum members who could, courage all quorum members to enmissionaries could with profit be read if called, render good service. gage actively in vicarious work for the to the quorum members at the month-

b. Foreign missionary work. dead. Of first interest and importance ly quorum business meeting.

Quorum presidencies should also to each one should be his own ancesTenth—To provide good class

support the foreign missionary protors and then they could work on work:

gram by helping to prepare quorum other lines. a. Provide good teachers.

members to go in the foreign mis- f. To promote temple excursions. It is the duty of quorum presidencies

sionary field, by encouraging them Melchizedek Priesthood quorum to provide capable, faithful, and into accept missionary calls, and by presidencies should promote temple telligent teachers to be instructors in providing quorum missionary funds excursions among quorum members the doctrinal classes. Since the printo assist needy missionaries to sustain and their wives. These excursions cipal purpose of holding the group

themselves in the foreign fields. could be carried forward periodically, or quorum weekly doctrine classes is

Thus, the quorum presidencies conas occasion and opportunity may to teach priesthood holders the gospel stitute the directing force in a quoafford. (Continued on page 541)

JULY 1954 529 ThePresiding

Youth Points the Way to High Ideals and Loyalty

The following addresses were delivered during the recent quarterly conference of the Mount Jordan (Utah) Stake.

Presiding Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin

represented the General Authorities.

preparation and thought. Thinking

along these lines has a great influence on our future. Every moment while the

shuttle of thought moves back and forth our character is being developed.

Sow a thought, reap an act, Sow an act, reap a habit, habit, reap a character, Sow a Rosemary Miner character, reap a J. Howard Pierson Sow an eternal destiny.

WHY EVERY PRIEST SHOULD We receive splendid training in the WHY I RESPECT YOUNG MEN

PARTICIPATE IN COTTAGE MEETINGS gospel in this work, and there is no subWHO HONOR TOE PRIESTHOOD

FOR PRIESTS stitute for good training whether it be

HThe President of the Church of Jesus on the athletic field, the battle field, or HThe boys who are my age hold the

Christ of Latterday Saints is truly the mission field. Holy Priesthood. This is a wonder-

a prophet of the Lord. He receives diThrough participation in these meetful privilege for it is the power to act in

vine inspiration from God in directing ings we learn to be humble and prayerthe name of our heavenly Father. The

the affairs of the Church. I feel that ful. When we speak and take part, we boys I honor most are those who know

when the Presidency of this Church realize that no matter how well prepared how wonderful the priesthood is and requested that the priests quorums of all we are, our success is not secure without who honor it. To show what a privilege

the wards in the various stakes throughthe help of the Lord. It is impossible this is, I should like to tell the story of

out the Church conduct cottage meetings, to do anything really worth while in the the restoration of the Aaronic Priesthood they did so in response to divine inspiraservice ofthe Lord if we do not approach as told by Oliver Cowdery.

tion. These meetings were started in it in humility and with prayer.

January of 1953, and in our ward they To those holding the priesthood the On a sudden, as from the midst of eternity, have been very successful. Lord has said, "... the rights of the the voice of the Redeemer spake peace to us,

In the Doctrine and Covenants we priesthood are inseparably connected while the veil was parted, and the angel of glory, clothed with God came down andare informed:... the of heaven, and powers the with

delivered anxiously the lookedfor message, controlled cannot of be heaven powers the There is a law, irrevocably decreed in of the keys gospel and of repentance!

heaven before the foundations of this nor handled only upon the principles—What joy! what wonder! what amazeworld, upon which all blessings are prediof righteousness."(D. & C. 121:36.) ment! While the world was racked and

cated—Through our activity in cottage meetdistracted—while millions were groping as

And when we obtain any blessing ings we come to the realization that althe blind for the wall, and while all men it isfrom to God, that obedience resting law by uncertainty,, were as a general upon conpriesthood the have though had we it is predicated.upon 130:20- (D. C. which mass, eyes our beheld, our heard, as & in clean lead us, unless ferred upon we

21.) of yes, the "blaze day"; the more—aboveears our lives with in ourselves tune put and glitter of the sunbeam, which then May

it in rejoice said, "I, Father, Lord has the cannot Lord, heavenly The we am its brilliancy shed face of over the nature!

bound when ye do what I say; but when and officiate in it properly. We gain Then his voice, though mild, pierced to the

ye do not what I say, ye have no promstrength in the priesthood and realize center, and his words, "I am thy fellowise."(Ibid., 82:10.) the great power that God has delegated servant,"dispelled all fear. We listened,

We also read in the Doctrine and to us. We begin to appreciate more we gazed, we admired! 'Twas the voice ofCovenants: "The glory of God is infully this priceless gift we enjoy. an angel from glory—'twas a message from

the reas High! Most heard we And we re- I feel will future,telligence."(Ibid., sure surely In the 93:36.) we We

joiced, his while love enkindled our upon call intelligence principles learnedgain at our the our attendance and by we souls, vision in the were and wrapped we of feeling priests cottageparticipation in priests meetings, the cottage meetings. of the Almighty! for was Where room

During the year every priest in the brotherhood and love, and we will doubt? Nowhere; the uncertainty had fled,

quorum has the opportunity of preparrealize that these things have done much doubt had sunk no more to rise, while ficing and presenting two talks on the to build and strengthen our testimonies. tion and deception had fled forever!

principles of the gospel to those asAs priests, I pray our heavenly Father sembled in cottage meetings. Many of will help us to live as we should, that Such a wonderful possession as this

us do not know the principles of the we will honor and magnify our priest-. priesthood which the boys possess is a

gospel as well as we should and before hood, holding it as the most precious and sacred privilege, and any seriousminded we speak, we must spend time in sacred thing in life. boy will honor the priesthood he holds.

530 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

Bishoprics Page

Some people think religion is just for old people or for oldish, too serious Success Experienced in Ward leaching Regardless of Handicaps young people. History, however, does

not bear this out, for we see countless examples of young people and their great faith. It was the twelveyear-old

boy Jesus who taught the learned men in the temple. It was a boy on the

shores of Galilee who gave his five barley loaves and two fishes with which the Master fed the five thousand.

It was young Samuel who heard the voice of the Lord; it was David, the

shepherd boy, who slew Goliath on a day which looked dark for the armed forces of Israel. It was Daniel who had

the courage of his convictions and stood unharmed in the lion's den; Joseph

Smith received instructions from heavenly beings for ten years before organizing this Church when he was only twentyfour. Sherman W. Lumpkins Carl L. Haws, Sr.

Many of our missionaries are young men who carry the gospel message to HThe writer of the Biblical proverbs said, "If thou faint in the day of adversity, the the world. had young These men is this statement of is 24:10.) (Proverbs small."wisdom The thy strength

to of character strength integrity and victims of adversity are the of those lives of daily in men. the Some exemplified who

teens, their during priesthood the honor it of the kind developing as a others use struggle a means while without surrender and they progressed and grew in the of courage that conquers even when defeat seems imminent.

priesthood work. Carl L. Haws and Sherman W. Lumpkins are living examples of men who

If we want something wonderful in have conquered adversity. Ten years ago Carl Haws met with an accident which

the future, we must work for it today. left his body paralyzed from the neck down. He refused to accept defeat. He

A young girl said to her mother once, insisted there were still tasks he could do, and he wanted to carry his share of the just after a whitehaired lady had left load. The bishop of the Eagar Ward, St. Johns (Arizona) Stake, appointed him

their home, "If I could be such a sweet as a ward teaching division supervisor. This position he has magnified. Ward

elderly woman as that—lovable, beautiteachers of his division visited ninety percent of the families in the division each

ful—I should not mind growing old."month last year. His work does not end here. He is the elected and respected

The discerning mother replied: "If Justice of the Peace in his precinct. He has learned to write with a pencil in his

you want to be that kind of elderly mouth.

person, you'd better begin now. She Through the cooperation of Sherman W. Lumpkins, telephone calls are comdoes not impress me as being a piece of pleted. Mr. Lumpkins, a telephone operator, is also a victim of misfortune. He

work that was done in a hurry."lost his eyesight twentyseven years ago, but exhibiting superior persistence and

Likewise, the power of the priesthood courage he also refused to accept defeat. Although not a member of the Church,

is not something that can be gained in a Mr. Lumpkins is a great help to Brother Haws in completing his telephone calls

hurry but takes work and diligence over and also to all other people in the community.

many years. What a boy is and does These two men make a great team and have demonstrated that there is a place

in his youth will determine his character for every man to serve who has the will to serve. At the side of each of these

is grateful. when he grows older. "A man is just men is a faithful and loyal wife for whom each of them

is example of which should inspire all of us to a story achievement and Here change don't a boy grown tall—people grade. the matter heights the no how steep his climb after all."honors If a boy much,

priesthood in his youth, he will honor it as he grows old.

A boy who honors the priesthood he I want to have the power of the priestToo often we are attracted to the showholds will keep the Word of Wisdom, hood in my home, to feel its strength and off, and we really don't think of anyone will attend his meetings, will honor his to be able to have its gifts of healing else.

a toward forward will parents, look priesthood, the blessing. Through and Let's follow of great the our words

I of respect this kind marriage. temple these be realized. dreams may A said, "I Lincoln boy Abraham must who

blessthe wonderful priestbecause boy I know of the these powers honors who right, stand with stands anybody who priesthood. the ings from that intercan come is I respect and the boy hood am is right, stand with while he him and

I want to go with a boy who keeps ested in. part with him when he goes wrong."

the Word of Wisdom. I am looking for I think all of us girls should encourage

a boy to take me to the temple to be boys in honoring the priesthood by in- I pray that we may all realize the married and sealed for time and all viting these boys to our parties and wonderful privileges of the priesthood eternity under God's everlasting priestdances instead of the showoffs and and respect and honor those who maghood. worldly fellows just out for a good time. nify it before the Lord.

JULY 1954 531 IRIS PARKER EditorToda

Virginia Cutler Says:

"Cooking Is A Science And An Art"

Virginia Cutler, outstanding live: whether you have hired help,

Dr., homemaker and home economics whether you like to eat your meals

authority, with two healthy outdoors, in the dining area, or if you grown sons and a string of degrees eat in one part of the kitchen. All of

to back up such nomenclature, offers, these things need to be considered, as Dr. Virginia Cutler

along with a menu and recipes for a well as your dishes, silver, table covmeal for a hot summer day, a few obering; and how you serve your food

servations on the role of homemaker. whether it is arranged on the indiShe believes that homemaking vidual plates in the kitchen, served

should be recognized as a profesfamily style, each one helping himScalloped Chicken or Crab Meat Cassion; girls should prepare for it and self, or served at the table. serole

those engaged in it should take ocDr. Cutler likes to serve it at the Tossed Green Salad

casional refresher courses, if possible. table. When you have no help, this Rhubarb Punch or Cucumber Punch

A woman needs a background in is the least fuss and bother. Your Avocado Milk Sherbet or Pineapple

many different areas in order to bring interesting serving dishes—soup tuSherbet

the ultimate in health and happiness reens, casseroles, and salad bowls to her family. Of course the best are displayed to advantage, too. She Scalloped Chicken

way to obtain this background is believes that with some careful 1 stewing chicken, 4 to 5 pounds through some directed study where planning and a service cart or side ]/2 cup fat you have definite assignments. Young table for removing dishes, a meal % cup flour

girls should take advantage of the can be served without Mother con- 6 cups chicken broth homemaking classes offered in junior stantly jumping up and going to the 6 eggs high and high school; and, of course, kitchen. Everyone will enjoy this 3 to 4 cups soft bread crumbs

she believes there is no finer avenue arrangement, and the conversation 6 tablespoons butter for specialization than in one of will be more interesting. If an er- 2 tablespoons chopped onion

the branches of home economics. rand to the kitchen is essential, such */4Y2 teaspoonteaspoon saltsage

for thoseHowever, cannot rolls, as replenishing go on who the hot pepper send Y4 teaspoonto school, are there opportunione of the children. many if serving But fine crumbs for topping

ties open for instruction if one is implements, a pitcher of ice water, alert to recognize them. Take adand sufficient food for seconds are at Put whole chicken (or it may be cut

vantage of courses offered by the exhand, there will be a minimum of up) in kettle. Cover with boiling,

tension service and commercial firms, running to the kitchen. She beslightly salted water. Simmer until

and the vast amount of reading matelieves that all of the family undertender (20 to 30 minutes for each rial available on any branch of hometakings, whether it is making a freezer pound). Cool. Remove bone and cut

making. of ice cream or polishing the family meat in large pieces. Make a custard by

Virginia Cutler believes there is car, should be a cooperative affair, melting l/2 cup fat and adding flour.

more to cooking than just following a each member making a contribution minutes.Blend well.Add Addbeatenbroth.eggs. CookCook twofive

recipe. "Anyone can do that,"she according to his ability. This diviminutes. Cool. Make dressing of

says, "but cooking is a science. Recogsion of labor is especially applicable bread crumbs, butter, onion, and seanize that fact and use scientific methat mealtime. If mother is chief cook, sonings. Put dressing in greased pan

ods in planning meals that are she should certainly have some asor baking dish 10 x 15 x 2 l/2 inches;

nutritionally adequate. Remember, sistance with the table setting, servthen add chicken. Pour custard over

too, that cooking is an art, requiring ing, and clearing up, particularly if this and top with crumbs. Bake 50

some knowledge of color, texture, the children are old enough to help. minutes in 350 F. oven. Serves ten.

table settings, and other factors that Following is a menu Sister. Cutler

are related to the esthetic senses."suggests for a summer luncheon or Crab Meat Casserole

The food you serve your family, supper or for a family gettogether 1 cup cooked or canned crab meat according to Sister Cutler, should be during this holiday and, reunion sea- 3 cups thick white sauce thought of in relation to how you son: 2 cups grated cheese

532 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

1 teaspoon celery salt 1 green pepper, chopped 1 4-ounce can mushrooms, sliced

Buttered cracker crumbs

Remove spines, if any, from crab meat.

Heat white sauce and cheese in double boiler andstir until smooth. Add celery

salt, green pepper, mushrooms, and crab meat. Put into greased casserole,

cover with buttered crumbs, and bake iri moderate (350F.) oven for about

tbirty minutes or until brown. Serve

hot. Serves six to eight.

Variation: Bake in individual shells

or casseroles and cover with rich pastry instead of crumbs. Substitute V4 CUP

chopped pimento for the green pepper.

Rhubarb Punch

\y2 pounds rhubarb 1 quart water I'/o cups sugar l/2 cup orange juice 4 tablespoons lemon juice 1 pint ginger ale

Cut rhubarb in small pieces and cook below boiling point in one quart water until soft. Strain and chill liquid.

When ready to serve, combine with other ingredients and add ginger ale last. Serves about ten.

Cucumber Punch

1 cup mint jelly 3 cups boiling water 1 cup pineapple juice 1 cup orange juice l/2 cup lemon or lime juice i/g cup cucumber juice (put cucumber through blender or mash) 1 12ounce bottle ginger ale

Pour boiling water over jelly. Blend

and cool. Then add remaining juices Pitch camp the easy way—Boyco steel Cool Water on TapBoyco's 1-qt. "Hiker"

and chill. When ready to serve add tent stakes won't split... have handy or 3-qt. "Sportsman"canteens are lightginger ale. Serves about ten. hook for fast rope tying. Boyco's Black weight, easy to carry on hiking or short

Beauty trench shovel lightens leveling side trips. The blanketcovered canteens

and trenching chores. It's compact too,—in 2, 4, 6, and 8-qt. sizes—are perfect

Avocado Milk Sherbet just 37"long. for longer storage and general camp use.

Store perishables hereBoyco's insuFresh Bait on hand—Boyco's Bait Bucket

1 cup mashed avocado pulp Keepslated KoolperishablesKan makescoolan andidealfresh...icebox. keepsis a "must"bait freshfor theand pierwherefishermanit belongs...

l/2 cup pineapple juice beverages piping hot. Lightweight and Hinged cover opens and shuts easily. No

]/2 cup orange juice roomy... in AVz and 10 gallon sizes. rust because it's hotdipped galvanized.

l/2 cup lemon juice 1 cup sugar 1 cup skim milk y4 teaspoon salt look for this label at your nearest Hardware,

Few drops pistachio flavoring, if deSporting Goods, or Department Store.

sired UNITED STATES STEEL PRODUCTS

DIVISION Dissolve sugar in milk, add avocado UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION pulp. Mix thoroughly and add fruit 5100 Santa Fe Ave., Los An gel es,C a I.- 1849 Oak St., Alameda, Cal

juices. Freeze in ice cream freezer,

using eight parts ice to one part salt.

Six to eight servings.

JULY 1954 533 Know Your LDS Cooks

(Concluded from preceding page)

Pineapple Sherbet

3 eggs beaten 3 cups sugar of Juice 3 lemons

1 of Juice large orange \\ 11 CUP comb, 1 No. 2 can pineapple.

2 large cans condensed milk 1 quart milk 1 pint cream, whipped

Combine all ingredients, folding in whipped cream last. Freeze in ice

cream freezer, using eight parts ice to one part salt. Six to eight servings.

P\r. Cutler, when not busily engaged

with her Church duties as chairman of the Bee Hive committee of the

YWMIA general board or attending to her professional obligations as head of the home economics department of the

University of Utah, may be found working at one of her hobbies. She likes to

design and build houses. The beautiful Home Living Center on the University of Utah campus, which she

helped to design and directs, is the realization of a dream. Several other

houses from California to the eastern seaboard have enjoyed her magic touch.

Whether it is a young person with a soul to save and to find direction or a xs drab and shelllike house with the potential of becoming a home, each is better for having come under the vital, *9 uplifting, energetic influence of Virginia

Cutler. <-

Wanted—Recipe for

Saltrising Bread

ow long since you have eaten a H slice of fresh saltrising bread?

Quite some time, perhaps—or maybe

you are one of those less fortunate who has never tasted this delicious but peculiarly flavored bread.

Saltrising bread was quite comFlowers from the "one and only"keep monly used in pioneer times, since it longer...snacks for the "one and only"does not require yeast, but the secret

of making it seems to be a waning stay fresher... because there's one and knowledge that one of our readers

only one waxed paper that gives foods, suggests we preserve.

fruits (and flowers) the extra protection If you have a successful recipe for they need to avoid flavor loss or deterisalt-rising bread that you would like oration. That's ZEE doubleWaxed Paper to share with readers of the Era,

...in the handy "cutteredge"box. would you send it to "Today's Family"Section of The Improvement

Era. For each recipe we publish, the

CROWN 2ELLERBACH CORPORATION 1954 author will be paid $3.00.

534 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

New Helps

in Home Canning by

HOW YOUR FOLKS RELISH ALL

THE HEARTY GOODNESS OF HOMECANNED VEGETABLES!

by Franklin S. Harris, Sr. Put up plenty now when so many popuFORMER PRESIDENT BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY lar vegetables are at the peakof-season!

AND UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE At only 3 a jar for heat, jar and closure, according to actual surveys (based on 8-year

Yesterday I had the opportunity of that some young people were cheated life of jar), see what a boon to being with a large number of out of part of the frivolities that the budget!

small children and seeing what naturally accompany the years before they were thinking about and noting the more serious problems of the Giftylooking Glasses what they wanted to be. Invariably twenties, thirties, and forties inevitThe brightly decorated lids on

they wanted to be older than they ably crowd upon them. Ball Jelly Glasses make them

were; each one wanted to be a "big I suppose we shall continue to repretty showoffs on the shelf and

! And they give exman"or a "great lady."If one was spect highly the boy or girl who beon the table

accidentally hurt, he could always comes dependable at an early age; tra appeal to your gifts of homemade jelliesbe comforted by being asked if he we just naturally like the grownup

were not already a man too big to attitude. Keeping this in mind, howLook for the ENAMEL Lining!

cry. It is only natural to look forever, I want to champion the idea Look for the creamwhite

ward to the future and discount the that youth should be youthful. It enamel lining—your aspresent. should experience the experiences and surance of extra protecIn trying to look back to the teen joyousness that develop easiest during tion! The cleanlooking

period of my life, after arriving at the teen years. enamel is acidresistant.

more than threescore years and after If I were in my teens, I should And you can SEE Ball Dome -sealing—Domehaving been closely associated with like to maintain the proper balance down, jar sealed.

tens of thousands of teenagers in between work and play, both in colleges and universities, I do have planning for the future'and in getting Sm-o-o-th Sealing Recipe!

some convictions regarding approprithe most out of the present. Although Examine your jars, discarding all with

ate attitudes and actions of those who wisdom is thought to be developed nicks and cracks. Wipe jar top clean.

are fortunate enough still to be at by the experiences of many years of Center Ball Dome Lid on top of jar, then the age of budding youth. living, the quality is valuable to peoscrew band firmly, but do not use force.

The thought that comes first to me ple of all ages.

is that I would not try to run ahead When it is realized that at least two Which Process to Use?

homecanning recommended Here are of the childecisions important of most age that young in the wayof my for eatables: of various types methods

I life aredren constantly need to be to do. wanting made while we are for beans, corn, beets, Pressure Cooker

should want to live each year in a still young, the value of wisdom in meats—all lowacid foods. BoilingWater

manner appropriate to its age, whether youth becomes all the more apparent. Bath for fruits and highacid vegetables,

it be thirteen, sixteen, or nineteen. The selection of a vocation and the some pickles. OpenKettle canning for preAll of us arc prone to laud the choosing of a life partner can best serves, jams, most pickles and relishes.

person who is living beyond his age. be made during the later teens. At

I was reared under pioneer condileast teenagers just naturally have Ball Blue Book Tells All!

tions during my teen years. The their minds on these things; they The new Ball Blue Book

seriousness of life on the frontier was want to know what they will be workhas over 300 canning and such that young people tended to ing at during their lives; and they freezingtimetablesrecipes.and yields.Plus

mature early and to be given the have the greatest interest in persons Send 25 (coin) to:

responsibilities of their elders. Thus of the opposite sex. Further, these BALL BLUE BOOK

through the constant attempt to place ages are the periods of education. Dept. E 74, Muncie, Indiana

a fortyyear-old head on sixteenyear- The weighty burdens of life have not 1954 BALL BROS. CO.

old shoulders, the young people were crowded in, and there is time for the sometimes cheated out of the experieducative processes.

ence of youth by the man's work that If I were to again pass through this was crowded upon them. period, I should want to be really HOME CANNERS'

In considering this situation after serious about my education. I should FIRST CHOICE!

a long period of mature life, I see {Concluded on following page)

JULY 1954 535 If I Were In My Teens

{Concluded from preceding page) not want to eliminate the fun of youth, but I should consider that the time of learning many of the things that go into an education can best be done before the duties of later life bring their problems.

The age of the teen years is so rich in possibilities for joy and happiness, for work and play, for education and enlightenment, for preparation for marriage, for forming good health habits, for getting ready for one's permanent place in life that I should want to make the very best use of these years. I should not want to

be a "little old man"nor a "blundering reckless kid"when I was a teenager, but I should want my time to be well taken up in play and work adapted to my own age.

"Heart Cleaning"

By Rhea W. Anderson

time of housecleaning is Spring—the

past, so let's talk about another kind of cleaning—heart cleaning.

Ah, yes, hearts need cleaning, too, and it seems to us that this time of year is best for doing it, when He is so near the earth, and we a little nearer to heaven.

First we must fling the sagging door of our hearts wide and let the sunshine in. Then we must go through

every winterdarkened room, winnow out all the dusty fears, take the worn-, useless glooms out to be burned, wipe off the grime and pettiness, wash the unkindness off the windows. Oh,

SEE YOUR there is a lot to do! So many things

all SINCLAIR DEALER to get rid of that we don't need, the doubts and fears, the wrongs and quarrelings. That done we can hang

An Improvement Era Publication fresh new curtains of friendliness and understanding at the windows and lay new carpets of courage and faith A Book—A Man on the floors.

A Message Laughter will be a fresh, bright pil-

H, low here and there or a gay, friendly chair or a pot of geraniums on the Gospel window sill; and joy, the sunshine

Ideals'it rooms.filtering Shiningthrough goldennewly dreamsawakenedwill

Selections from the Discourses of blow through our hearts with healing in their touch.

But we must hurry! Hurry! Hurry! David O. McKay

For no one should be caught at this at all bookdealers glorious season cluttered with his wintry thinking.

536 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CJOWV btj (jOU/... roofing by

..and to top it all, a mineralsurfaced shingle roof that is

not only fashionright but, like all Pabco roofing, weathertight for years and years.

PAINT - ROOFING - SIDING. ONLY PABCO COORDINATES ALU THREE!

PASCO PRODUCTS INC., SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA

JULY 1954 537 INSURANCE for EVERY NEED Want to know how much insurance you need... and the right type to buy?

Your local Kolob Agent can furnish the answers to these and other questions you may have on protection. He has

policies for every purpose backed by strong stock companies... and can

assure you of prompt, fair claim settlement. Call him today!

Complete Lloyd's Facilities

Salisbury, Mgr. Frank

chairs Place a table against the wall, hang a picture above the table, set a bowl and Bldg. Salt Lake City 330 Judge

picture. of fruit the under...

FIX UP THAT PORCH

One pair of eyes must last a by Ruth Jeffrey LIFETIME homes, especially older ones, or father may work on his accounts. Manyhave back porches that are enMost homes have an easy chair or

closed in glass so they can be two and a table in the attic, so bring used all year. Many of us, howthose down, recover the cushions, if

Better Light ever, use them for catchalls because necessary, add a plant or two. If you the porch is right off the kitchen have a screen, use it; if not, buy an

Means and so contains piles of firewood, and inexpensive one, for it is behind this old newspapers. A real opportunity that the necessary washing machine

Better Sight for an extra room is being missed if or cleaning tools or whatever you you are guilty of that! have to store here will be hidden

Start from scratch. Call the whole from view.

family to duty and take everything Once you've fixed up the porch, off the porch. Wash the walls, and you'll wonder how you managed withif they need painting, get one of the out it; and when the children have

children to do it or do it yourself. their friends in, it will be a grand

Perhaps the floor is in good condition, place for them!

and if so, use it as is, or paint it. If

you have a rug that isn't being used anywhere, call it into play if you wish, but a floor covering isn't necesSMITHEREENS sary. Now place a table and chairs By Thomas Usk

picture a wall, the hang Be Modern against fruit Truth crushed to earth of set table, a bowl above the

Live Electrically under the picture, and you have a May rise unbattered, children our But what be enmeals can little spot where UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

shattered! stays Break study, the children can joyed, where

538 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Put Your Best Foot Forward -all in all by BiJJee Thomas Peel it's- the Church of Jesus Christ of foot forward? Your appearance deInLatter-day Saints, almost every termines the degree of confidence that

member has occasion to appear the congregation places in you.

before an audience. You may be Do you give a fidgeting impression WBBBBBBb

making announcements, delivering a because of careless posture? Do you

speech, conducting a meeting, or aploll all over the pulpit? If a man, dopearing on a program with your speyou stand with hands in your pockets? <$%%&

cial talent. Do you put your best {Concluded on following page)

Lyn Seeinaf Jfima5? Jhwviahf THAT'STHE CEREALTRIPLED

Richard L. Evans IN POPULARITY

IN ONE YEAR of the indispensable elements of a sincerely successful All of wheat's natural vitamins

All longer lasting energy.

natural, rich, meaty Onelife is the ability, the power, the capacity, and the willforof wheat's ingness to see things through—to carry things beyond conflavor for good eating. Cooks

versation to conclusion. And one of the disappointing qualiin 3-5 minutes.

ties of character is the failure to see things through. There

is usually no scarcity of suggestions as to what should be For all the family done; there is seldom a scarcity of conversation; but there all year round.

is often a scarcity of coming to conclusion. One of the colorful characters of history may be cited as an example of one All-O-Wheat

who seemingly finished very little in life. Leonardo da Vinci OGDEN, UTAH

ventured into innumerable scientific and artistic areas. He

theorized, experimented, speculated, and advocated ideas far beyond his day. But the tragedy of his life would seem to

things things be the he could but have done left undone—the MILL us WHEAT failed to follow through. he Lord The God has given GRINDS OR CRACKS ALL GRAINS, life—and time and energy and materials and intelligence EXCELLENT CEREAL AND FLOUR MAKES...

and an assured reward for carrying things to conclusion: for A MUST FOR L. D. S. FAMILIES WHERE

... Hopper holds keeping the commandments and not merely discoursing upon WHEAT1 y4 lbs. IS STORED.

ing mill, dozens of testimonials are in files.—forthem; producingfor doing thesomethingwork ofsolid.life, andAndnotthemerelyhalfdonetheorizingtasks, ourHundreds have already bought this amazthe work begun and set aside, the incompleted projects, the Fully guaranteed by

frequent dropping of tools to loaf and let time waste away, Pehrson Hardware the futile appearance of houses started and left partly comCo.

pleted, are all evidence of the premium that is and should be paid for seeing things through. One day we shall all

return to Him who sent us, to give an account of our accomplishment; and concerning some things we may have to =... $50

say, "This we almost did"; "this we might have done"; "this

we didn't do."But how glorious and satisfying to be able to PostageTax Paidand

in say "This we have done"; "these are our works"; "these are U.S.Anywhereor Canada

the crops we have planted and harvested"; "these are the

buildings we have built"; "these are our children"; "these 2102 SouthMAIL 11thORDERSEast, PROMPTLYSalt Lake City,FILLEDUtah

Mill. Inclosed are the men we have helped"; "these are the lives we have is Pleasemy checksendor moneyme oneorderWheatfor $6.50.

lifted"; "these are the commandments we have kept."It

is easy to see why there are rich rewards for enduring to the Name end, for finishing the course, for completing life's projects, Address for following through. City

State

Jhe Spoken lA/ord FROM temple square

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, MAY 16, 1954 Copyright, 1954

2102 So. 11th East Salt Lake City, Utah

JULY 1954 539 Put Your Best Foot Forward

(Concluded from preceding page)

With just a little forethought and practise you may gain selfconfidence *. and poise.

It has been said that those who clasp their hands in front assume the position of "a little old lady";

those who clasp their hands behind, "a little old man."

Notice your position. Do you

stand so straight that you are leaning backwards? Practise before your mir-

: '::: P-i vM

ror: stand in an easy, erect position

with hands placed restfully at the sides. The bodyJ should be comfortable and not rigid.

If your feet are too close together, you may feel as though you are tipping over. If they are spread too

far apart, you will appear awkward.

The correct standing position is to put one foot slightly in front of the other. Put your best foot forward

with your weight resting on this

The NEW CURTIS Convertible Window easy to clean inside or outside

What's different—what's new—about the window

you see here? Just this: it's made of separate units which can be combined

in almost unlimited variety to provide practically any style of window arrangement—any kind of ventilation! The Curtis Silentite Convertible window represents an entirely new idea in window beauty—window

comfort! Best of all, these Curtis windows are priced for modest budgets!

MORRISONMERRILL & CO.

Building Materials Distributors

"The nearest comparable instrument to a good large pipe organ"

For the first time in a low priced electrical organ, a new "speaker in motion principle"( Gyrophonic Projector ) creates a pipe organlike tonal realism. From the moment you hear

the first chords you will not be satisfied with anything less.

Dr. William H. Barnes, the only organ

authority listed in "Who's Who"and author of "The Contemporary American Organ"has said about this new speaker system: "...

as basic and important to the electronic organ development as the 'self starter'was to the automobile."It is also unsurpassed for ease

of playing because of preset tonal combinations. Anyone who plays the piano can play

the Allen Organ.

Church installations in the last six months include: UTAH—Emigration Ward,

W,ards. Salt Lake; 33rd and 43rd Ogden; foot. The arch of the rear foot will

Liberty; Paradise, Liberty Benson, Ward,

and Brigham 6th Wards, Cache Valley; be about three inches from the heel

and Bear River City Ward. IDAHOLago,

Thatcher, and Montpelier 2nd Wards. of the forward foot. The rear foot

WYOMINGOsmond Ward. should rest flatly upon the floor—actprices Church for approved models ing as a balance rather than a supas $1,660.00. start as low

port.

For additional information, booklets, or free demonstration contact Your knees will be straight but not stiff. In this position you will not MUSIC DUNKLEY SALT LAKE CITY only appear at ease, but you will LOGAN OGDEN PROVO

and 1521 South 5th East, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH—Phone 7-5530 also be at ease.

540 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Mekhizedefc Priesthood (Continued from page 529) For over 30 years saving 1 5% of Jesus Christ, it is very vital that the most capable teachers in the quorums be assigned to that position. on Fire Insurance PK&

(See Era, May 1954, pp. 346347.)

b. To see that correct doctrine is

taught.

It is the responsibility of Melchizedek Priesthood presidencies to see that correct doctrine is taught in the Melchizedek Priesthood classes. The

priesthood leaders should be students of the gospel and thereby able to recognize false doctrine.

c. Strive to have all quorum members in attendance. cur Quorum presidencies should strive wow

to build up the attendance at the classes doctrine and monthlyweekly BETTER meetings to one ON businessquorum hundred percent. As long as onequorum member refuses to attend AUTO

these classes, quorum presidenciesshould devote every intelligent effort INSURANCE possibleEleventh—Toto persuadeteachhim allto attend.quorum Careful driving saves lives. If you are a safe

members how to perform all Church driver you can cut costs on your auto insurordinances: ance. SAFECO—member of the General of

as that as often It is recommended

America group of insurance companies—givenecessary quorum presidencies

the members instructions on performoffers you the best protection available, naing such ordinances as that of baptionwide 24hour claims service and the tism, confirmation, administering to experienced personal counsel of your local the sacrament, anointing and blessing the sick, and other similar agent or broker... and YOU SAVE MONEY.

ordinances. When new members

come into the quorum, it is well for See or call your local agent or broker today or write us, at 49 East 1C the presidency to see that those new members understand the Church proSouth, Salt Lake City, for the name of the SAFECO agent or broker near* cedure in regards to performing est you. Telephone if you wish—Salt Lake City 4-7717.

ChurchTwelfth—Toordinances.hold a presidency

council meeting once each week:

It is the duty of all Melchizedek

Priesthood quorum presidencies to Save with SAFECO Auto Insurance hold a presidency council meeting once each week in accordance with the instructions given in detail in the

April 1954 issue of The ImprovementThirteenth—ToEra, pp. 266267.direct the holding

of weekly group or quorum meetings: FOR A FAMILY OF 5

'N DAD: MOM

FRIED STEAK The duty rests upon the quorum CHICKEN presidency to see that every group with Mushroom Sauce under their direction, or the quorum TossedButteredGreenFreshSaladVegetablewith French PotatoDressing under their direction holds group or Roll Dessert Beverage quorum meetings once each week Choice of four3 CHILDREN:special western dishes

and that the prescribed course of from our children's menu study be diligently pursued in that Roll PotatoBeverageVegetableIce CreamSalador Jello weekly meeting. (See ibid., May 5*0 for the entire family

1954,Fourteenth—Topp. 346347.) hold and direct a monthly business meeting: HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE

(Continued on following page) TEMPLE VIEW DINING ROOM & COFFEE SHOP

JULY 1954 541 Mekhizedek Priesthood OFFICE MACHINE (Continued from preceding page)

OPERATORS MAKE GOOD MONEY As was pointed out in the June issue of The Improvement Era, the

Starting salaries for machine operators range responsibility of not only holding the from $175 to $250 per month. can You bemonthly business meeting but also in a short come proficient study you time when

at L.D.S. providing the business, the program,

and directing all activities pertaining to the meeting rests upon the quorum

Choose from the following machines presidency. (See ibid., June 1954,

IBM KEY PUNCH MOONHOPKINS BILLING pp. 464465, 479.)

IBM BANK PROOF BURROUGHS CALCULATOR Fifteenth—To attend Stake PriestBURROUGHS SENSIMATIC and many, many others. hood and Priesthood Leadership

meetings: You can register today... in these or other business classes. It is very necessary that every

Write for more information. L.D.S. is a friendly school where member of all Melchizedek Priesthood

you get personal attention from competent instructors. quorum presidencies be in attendance

at the stake priesthood and priesthood leadership meetings. There they receive direction from the stake presidency regarding matters pertinent to

Branch of Brigbam Young University priesthood work and instructions 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY relative to their assigned positions as leaders in Melchizedek Priesthood quorums. ID Sixteenth—To direct the work of

the standing committees:

It is the responsibility of Melchizedek Priesthood quorum presidencies to appoint the quorum standing committees and direct the work of those committees. (See ibid., April 1954,

pp. 266267.) Matters which should

be brought to the monthly business meeting pertaining to the standing committees could be brought there under the direction of the quorum presidencies. The success of these

committees will be determined by the amount of direction given them by the quorum presidencies. In the past

these committees have been appointed, but they have not functioned as they should have because they have notMllMIJTHffTifM received sufficient direction from the quorumSeventeenth—Topresidencies. attend various

Church meetings:

Quorum presidencies are to set the See Europe in the WE OFFER... example to all quorum members by

OFF SEASON! AENGRAVINGCOMPLETE SERVICE being in attendance at all the meetFrom Missionary Portraits to the Largest ings at which they are supposed to

Catalogues. attend. They should make as near

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention one hundred percent records as posUTAH ENGRAVING CO. sible in their attendance at priesthood

113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah meetings, sacrament meetings, conEurope is best in the fall... beautiful ference sessions, monthly stake priest-

...,. weather from crowds. summer leadership meetand priesthood. hood

Place your.reservationfree thru Universal now

... ings, their Travel. other There's additional cost for no council meetings, and

if any, exthe "extras"you receive. DRINK Church meetings. Few,

TAmajLteoL Travel Service cuses are acceptable for quorum presiTEMPLE SQUARE HOTEL dencies to be absent from their meetCity, Salt Lake Utah ficq A delightful ings. 5-5924 or 5-6552 Phone for those hot beverage who don't drink coffee. Eighteenth—To keep all of God's

AT YOUR GROCERS commandments:

542 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It is the responsibility of quorum presidencies to set a good example to their quorum members, and so they Get Added Food Value From should live as near in harmony with as possiall of God's commandments ble. are requested to obey the Your Picnic Lunch They

Word of Wisdom, to keep themselves morally clean, to keep the Sabbath

Day holy, to have family prayers regularly and faithfully, to deal honestly, justly, and righteously with their associates, to love the Lord their

God with all their hearts, and their neighbors as themselves, etc. By doing so the Spirit of God will dwell

ablewith will be and they them to IN MILKdirect of their the activities in quorum a pleasing and effective manner. Table Queen Bread gives you Add to the pleasure of intermaximum energy and food mountain scenery, by enjoying

Summary and Conclusion value—because it's made the sandwiches made with nourishnew "richmilk"way. ing Table Queen Bread.

In conclusion, this article has definitely shown that quorum presiSolt lake City ROYAL BAKING COMPANY Ogden dencies are the responsible, active, directing heads of the quorum and are to manage all its affairs so that all quorum purposes will be achieved.They should act as a unit in the disTHE BENNETT JUNIOR mom/wecharge of their duties and not inde- k FOLDING

pendently; and should appoint all AUTOMATIC JUICER BANQUET

committees practical, and supervise and direct This modern TABLES for designed juicer, hometheir work. of a quality use, produces

rich, natural flavored juices from vegetables and fruits. It's quick, efficient, economical. Just

turn on electric switch, feed fruit or vegetable, and "Junior"will extract the juice, expel the pulp.

Quantities of cabbage, celery and carrot juice To Help Guide Our Youth ready to serve in minutes.

TRUCKS MONROE storing Chairs and $150.00

truck Forthe Each easy wayTables (Concluded from page 505) freight prepaid modernFoldingtables Construe handles tion storags chairs.permits No. of eitherTruck TSCor Storage Transport

space. limited in Diameter, height 71/2"; TS Truck No, "If will will, his weight 131/2"; any net do man he direct inquiries their to the Units 19 Church may lbs. Only easyto- four Purchasing47 Department, East Churchshall of the doctrine, know whether parts: clean nylon feed Salt Temple, 1, South Utah. Lake

silver cutnickel chute,it of I or be of whether God, speak ter, plated nickel -TWotVWX COMPANYCity THE steel screen, stainlessmyself."7:1617.) (John 249 Thus COLFAX. IOWA STREET. we CHURCH pan.

see that if one is to gain faith in UL and CSA approved.

spiritual matters he must do someAlso available: Bennett Automatic Juicer Model "B"

thing. Not only must he do what he forSee fountains,your Diet juiceor Healthbars Foodand institutions.Store, or write to:5275.00

is expected to, but he must also ex- C/1 CENTU RY OF perience some degree of success in it The Bennett Company in order to gain faith, confidence, and 1028 Geary Street, Dept. E. San Francisco 9, Calif.

security. If he has faith in God and

does the will of the Father, he is promised that a symbol of success pKgBBttaa Write for information will follow so that he will know withon type of organ in himself that God is. This assurPIKES PEAK in which you

ance may be gained early in life, for are interested.

youth is a period during which deep FLOUR religious insights and experiences With FOUR come. The Prophet Joseph Smith was Extra Baking

not yet fifteen years of age when he Advantagesreceived his first great revelation. PIPE ORGANS

Youth is qualified for great religious SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS REED ORGANS experience. Those who recognize this 425 West 5th South

and live for it will find it possible to Salt Lake City, Utah satisfy their spiritual needs. ESTEY ORGAN CORP., BRATTLEBORO,VT.

JULY 1954 543 Your Page

APO New York Montpelier, Vermont

Dear Editor: Dear Editors:

outlive will that is for values to see the standing a pleasure Era testify this times the that they brethren hear we know ItM4NY falls the of emphasis this too in chaotic world which much is the organization Church earth wonderful and most on are it to me, magazines, values. seems ephemeral Too on many it is likethat they inspired to join know I too would of God.

in with hearty accord in expressing those sentiments. going with the tides.

Here is just one reason why. I am Cpl. Daniel Carlson of Cordially yours,

Provo, Utah, now stationed in Munich, Germany. I was conArthur W. Peach

littleverted to the a thereyears over soon and Church two ago Y. N. Hogansburg,

after the of entered service Uncle Sam.

Sir: Dear I to Taking leave, a few recreation days Berchtesgarden, a went again. to Era receive Improvement pleased very The werearea in the high majestic Alps, border. Austrian near Bavarian the

it were the time during we very much, missed We have We I there,While overtaken driven with weakness was and by it. order sub- a to financially unable have been without But we to the in Field hospitalambulance Austria. 109th Salzburg, That large. is family limited our rather scription, as our and income

10. Thursday,was September material So, reading to meet. are Necessities a alone problem

I to hospital strange solitary myself in a found confined coun- a is us. to rather luxury atry, friends with up. no could cheer Considerand come who me for hearts of our the kindly very from bottom thank you We Iing that this of to required might a weeks, be remain number this for magazine.. thoughtfulness Improvement kind your The is lonely quite feeling, a hopeless. days and and came Two S. to as L. instructive D. members. us very has Era beenwent.

of 3rd every Payson each thank Ward, Nebo and member We I then, over night But that the Saturday heard something radio gift. this for Stake, are responsible who ears. prick Latterthat again? upmade was me What A my yours, Gratefully

to Saints'at Service at the held meetingday Wirrabell be Club Clyde Mrs. Cole 10 Sunday. A.M. to never able be would Maybe—but no—I (Lamanite)

I Iattend. trying, in Perhaps thought. could harm phone—no

Sunday morning at 10:30 I reached one of the Service Club -&

hostesses by phone, leaving a message for her to give the LDS group leader. I requested any of the elders living near the hospital The Light Touch

to visit my ward to administer the sacrament.

In less than an hour, I was called out of the room by a nurse, Grateful and there in the hall stood three elders, Kenneth Anderson of Salt of City, of CofieldLake also Chicago, Floyd and Goates John I said "I don't without you,"have done what would know

Salt City. Lake after attorney, client grateful acquitted. to his the been he had

greeted said heartcheering they with had and They warmth me drily. least,"years, at the the attorney responded, very "Ten

received that offered the doctor kindly us message and had my to privatehis the observe sacrament. office in which

of the overwhelmed. partook I was sanctified bread and No Sense As we

water, lears welled up in my eyes; I could only breathe a silent Mother: "Janet, there's just no sense in your mooning about

prayer of deep gratitude to our heavenly Father for his steadfast wishing for things you don't have."

love and tender mercies. In addition I was anointed with conseJanet: "But, Mother, surely there's no sense, either, in wishing

crated oil and blessed with a promise of rapid recovery. for things I do have."

Here I was fellowshiping with the priesthood of God and receiving blessings from direct, Godgiven authority in a foreign Justice land, seemingly away from friends, Church, and elders.

Thank God for servicemen who are constantly ready to honor "What would I get,"inquired the man who had just insured the priesthood and serve as ministers of Christ's kingdom while his property against fire, "if this building should burn down tocompleting their tour of duty for Uncle Sam. night?"

So I add my humble testimony to the many others that have "I would say,"replied the insurance agent, "about ten years."

and could be voiced. I know this Church is God's own handiwork,

and that its leaders are guided by the influence of the Holy Getting Along striveSpirit. prosper, ever might I pray and that we it may to "On the whole, you are getting along famously,"said the doctor, light. the in This of Jesus guiding name I do humblylive by its

bother legs doesn't that are swollen, me."butChrist. Amen. "Your

patient, "If yours the were swollen ripped out thunder!""By

/s/ Daniel D. Carlson that wouldn't trouble me either."

MASTER M MEN AND GOLDEN GLEANERS

RECEIVE AWARDS

service, held their in a single awards Master Men received M

Stake. AAprilrecord was made when these fourteen Golden Gleaner and Seventh 4 in the Mt. Logan Ten other Ward, Logan

young men and women of the ward have received the high MIA awards within the past year. Left to right, front, they are Genevieve

Fonnesbeck, Lola H. Coleman, Renee A. Henrie, Valene C. Turner,

Beth S. Stewart and Regina F. Fairbourn. Back, left to right,

are David Darley, Sherwin Coleman, Ivan Henrie, Mrs. Israel C.

Heaton, Gleaner leader, Eyre Turner, Denzil Stewart, Blaine

Morris and Don Borghalthaus. The group includes four married

couples.

544 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TODAYGET PHILLIPS 66

FOR YOUR CAR

The only gasoline made with the added super aviation fuel component—Diisopropyl. A Phillips exclusive—

developed originally for high powered military aircraft.

Phillips Petroleum Company was the first to make Diisopropyl and HF Alkylate, so valuable to smooth motor performance that, until recently, their use was restricted by the U. S. Government to high performance aviation gasoline.

Now authorities have removed restrictions and these powerful components can be blended into Phillips 66 FliteFuel.

FliteFuel provides increased power, higher antiknock, greater fuel economy, and freedom from cold stalling. You

benefit from famous Phillips 66 controlled volatility. And

FliteFuel gives you the clean burning qualities that result from use of natural and aviation gasoline components.

Only Phillips 66 FliteFuel contains added Diisopropyl.

Get it at stations where you see the Phillips 66 Shield.

one/HOU/-/4ffiwo&tuHC in rffafrt flk&-/

EWORLD'S FIRST! Phillips 66 TropArtie is the first allweather

motor oil which has proved it meets the highest standard ever established for automobile lubrication... the first summerwinter oil to meet the

severe requirements of the Mil-0-2104 Supplement 1 test.

Compared to ordinary motor oils, is reduced when you use TropArtic.

new TropArtic reduces wear 40% TropArtic is a superior allor more. It cuts oil consumption 15% weather motor oil... S.A.E. 10W—

to 45%. It keeps pistons cleaner. 30. It is a worthy companion prodThis new oil can even double the life uct to new Phillips 66 FliteFuel.

of your car's motor I And gasoline They go together for better engine mileage is extended because friction performance.

Phillips Petroleum Company SEE YOUR PHILLIPS 66 DEALER,,, t '-- "1

'::.,':.::...'.:

h 'HM s

s

>v

Strawberry Jamboree

When Mom's away and the kids start to tinually urging the heads of young families to play... well, anything can happen!... esgo over their insurance programs carefully now.

pecially if it's strawberry time. It's NOW that your family needs protection

Seriously, you'll look back in a few years and most... and it's NOW that you must set up

wish you had a whole new crop of youngsters an insurancefor-retirement program. Consult

to clean up after... and the time will pass your friendly Beneficial agent for helpful counbefore you realize it. That's why we're consel. No obligation, of course.

BENEFICIAL LIFE

Insurance Company

David O. McKay, Pres. Salt Lake City - Utah