.:.: '. ""...

7lmprooemenr&a

49 NUMBER 7 STRIKE CITY 1, UTAH A STORY TOLD aYousummerBAKE dessertit, then that'sCHILL it...out /'// try it today. (Flexy and

of this world. The recipe is all the Gas Flame Quints

tested by your gas company's are SUCH a help.) With my

IN Home Service Department. GAS range and GAS refrigerator, I'm sure of success.

HEAT 'N'COLD V—1 r

Thanks to automatic oven heatcontrol, I can preselect the exact temperature the recipe calls for.

The selflighting GAS FLAME r warms the oven quickly, uniformly. My GAS refrigerator has therCAS cooking is so certain, so easy. mostatic control for speedy

freezing. And imagine!... a

tiny GAS FLAME creates the zs cold.out ofNoordermoving... partsNO NOISE.to get

v -im.

7S I

GAS fuel is the overwhelm- M CD ing choice of western 3-

It'sIt's women.women. nono secretsecret RCIP E

many new homes that STRAWBERRY,CE crpaa. are GAS

equipped. (This delightho, "I, Vred 96,Q '-

is ful recipe secret, '"2/-p 'n no it, P.,emon -creQm: von,'"o

it is either! for Here YOU.)

Vs Up. so *99 wh; fes (w

\ - P'e P / afe Combine eg* whit*, 9,n "\ *S===ir

wt wtsr pitcH*5 Utes off Sldes or heat until Bake and d? nly *drv hb* faints'ft,'h ot all?a"arerm?e ce ven dd ''dr lemn juice b-ries.kHsfe*Pen..niJ,rnTur mi, rt crewithfa

M OUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

m Serving Twentysix Utah and Wyoming Communities

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

To avoid the shortage of bronze bearings one machinery manufacturer developed much longer lasting bearings of lucite for rotary citrus fruitjuice extractors. The bearings were actuallylubricated by the citrus juices and Eating!

periodic steam baths.

"pSTiMATES of the pressure at the cen- *** ter of the earth give the pressure there about two to three and a half million times the atmospheric pressure. &&>

A study at the Massachusetts Experi- <0fa*t*4 ment Station of the effect of hightemperature and shorttime pasteurization of raw milk found no appreciable destruction of vitamins. The vitamins

tested included ascorbic acid, riboflavin, and thiamine.

*"Phe ancient Greeks had teeth about the same as other peoples of that age, but they were better than ours.

Dr. J. Lawrence Angel found one decayed tooth in four, from skulls of men

and women who lived from 330 B.C. to

1300 A.D. Marked tooth decay did not

become common until the Middle Ages.

Changhai, China, with over three *** million people, and as the natural outlet for the rich Yangtze Valley with a population of two hundred million people and an area of threequarters of a million square miles, is the outstanding city of the Asiatic continent. Shanghai which means "above the sea"dates

back to 1280 A.D., but the village was

not walled until raids by Japanese pirates made this necessary in 1554.

4 favorite vray in bell placed a fly"\T7hen was a jar this tasty supP**'rc ovC family Cut 6bard6b bardcooked"tvrise:cookedand eggegg air the give to "v and the out pumped

same pressure as that at an altitude of *><* flsan,dash 6500 feet, the fly increased the frequenfrom 160 of wingbeats eachcy to 180 second, the presumably to give same lift pepper,1 y sp in the lighter air.

Tt is estimated that the smallest distance Durkee's Genuine in vibration which can be felt by Mayonnaise gives is about eightthousandths of salads,sandwiches,humans oo an inch. cold vegetables d sited.,,! servsi

new zest and taste appeal. with Made genuine or square from 45 wheat'"Phe miles 5.. purkee. extra fresh eggs A MAYONNAISE bushels, carried more, 525,000 was Serves extra smooth,in the one /. voyage Col. on M.

.fcinM***"!?! extra creamy, in setting a Great LakesSchoonmaker

cargo record last year. tempting.

JULY 1946 r few (church Jhe Lcover kt

1847, the July 21, for fKadio >6enei scouts ONadvance

Pioneers, the Mormon S. Franklin ErasPratt and Orson Dr. Qrapwart will Jr., Harris, Salt entered tus Snow,

series Sunof a 7 begin 49, NO. VOLUME valley, which JULY, 1946 Lake disradio evening day a be would they knew THE OF CHURCH"eviVOICE the on cussions "THE Saints. the for refuge

of the for Book dences Improvement Mutual Quorums, Priesthood of the Official Organ caught the men two As at 30, June Mormon, Committee, Ward Music of Education, Department Associations, first of glimpse their

Dr. of 9:00, KSL. on Christ of Jesus Church the of Agencies Other and Teachers, they Zion, future the

this approaches Harris Saints Latterday "Hosannah. shouted,

for trained subject Hosannah, Hosannah, careful analysis and the to Lamb."and God

research. is the "HosanThis nah"group from the Dr. Harris was

Place Is the This & Jae Germanycalled to a andmissionafterin the work Jke (editor Monument, of the wellknown "Give the Lord a Chance"George Albert Smith 427 serving some time in sculptor Mahonri Mcthat field was transintosh Young. ferred to the European

Office, where Mission jreatUreA Lhurch the under labored he >f 19461947 of direction Dr. Theme for John Introducing the MLA.

428 Morris the of George Q. Widtsoe A.

Editors the of Twelve, Council 429 Taylor H. John Smith President Albert George presithen was who Campaign "Era"Successful Spirit Marks Missionary A. John Widtsoe the of dent European 430 Giles D- John

Dr. Mission. Under Editor Managing 432 Kirkham A. Oscar Activities Social Spiritualizing Our direction he Widtsoe's L. Richard Evans in Missionary Work Essentials at the Some research did

Associate Editor President Joseph F. Smith 433 library of the British

Marba C. Josephson "From the Crossroads of the West"Albert L. Zobell, Jr* 438 Museum and with this

later coau- research Joseph Did and Reconciliations: Evidences CVI—When General Manager with Dr. Widt449 thored, Widtsoe John A. the First Vision? Smith Have George Q. Morris soe, Claims for Seven

- the Messages Book of Mormon. 421 Mutual June Conference Primary Associate Manager

454, 456 425, 428, 432, Column:.: 424, for NoLiquor-Tobacco this SunMusic Lucy G. Cannon

How Much Caffeine Does Priesthood: Melchizedek 458 day evening series will

422, 459 Business Use? Manager the America Millennial be by 460 Aaronic

John D. of M.I.A. June ConferChorus, a group of Giles Resume 461 Ward Teaching 424 of missionaries ence former

Editorial Associates British the Mission, The Church Moves On 446 Genealogy.—462

Elizabeth of are most now whom

Albert L Zobell,J. MoffittJr. exservicemen. AlexHarold Lundstrom Special jreatwres ander Schreiner will

National Advertising World Stability in the Atomic Age G* Homer Durham 434 beorgan.at the tabernacle Representatives

436 H. Monson of the Structure Book of Mormon...Xeland The Harris Dr. follows Francis M. Mayo, Rushing - Lilith Sanford Deaf Franklin 440 Dr. L. Four West, Days I Was City Salt Lake

Edward S. Townsend, The Spoken Word from Temple Square...Richard L* Evans 442 Church commissioner

education. of Francisco San and Besack..450 Frances A. wives, Frankthe Universe, Exploring Angeles Los 417 B. Harris, S. lin Jr Corner, Josephine Cook's Bolle, and Dougan CrowEdmund Cooke, 450 Camp Nichols Chicago and

- 419 ley Rickrack, York Like New Nothing in Editorial Commandments Executive and Ten The 450 F. Rasmussen Gladys of Audit Bureau Member, 420 Dibble E. Charles Aztec, Offices: 451 Hints Handy Circulations Tropics, the of Monsters Sea... 452 Quiz Nature Street, North Main 50 422 L. Harold Snow 457 Solution Salt City 1, Utah. Lake of Attitudes Noted Religious

Change of Address: Men, Leon M. Strong 426 On the Bookrack 464 Copyright 1946 by MuFifteen days'notice reHoming: Hobby for HouseYour Page and Ours 480 tual Funds, Inc., a Corquired for change of adporation of the Young

ordering dress. When a Cditoriald Men'sment AssociationMutual Improveof the include please change,

of of Jesus Christ a from impression stencil Richard 448 Church L. Evans John H* Taylor Saints. Latterday All magaof the recent issue 448 C, Josephson of Youth Marba Leadership rights reserved. Subscripchanges zine. Address

cannot be made unless tion price, $2.00 a year,

the old address as well as in advance; 20c single

copy. the new one is included. Stories,r,one5, J-oetr f

Era A Dress Can Be Important Improvement The RuthD Hughes and Molly Knoll 441 Office,EnteredSaltat Lakethe City,Post for unis not responsible solicited manuscripts, but The Prayer Rhea Smith 444 Utah, as secondclass welcomes contributions. A Mile in Her Moccasins Sam LaVallee 463 mailingmatter. atAcceptancespecial rateforof

445 Poetry Page Margaret Ruth Gardener, Old in for provided postage be must manuscripts All Prayer, Gleaner's 420 Ora Pate A Gibbs 1 of section 103, Act Ocsuffi- by accompanied -454 Stewart M.I.A. ConFrontispiece: June tober, authorized 1917, delivery for cient postage Erickson..462 Pioneer, Einar C. 425 ference O July 2, 1918. and return. Is in a Divine There Arthur of Joy Prose, Reader a To

W. Peach 452 Work, Frank I. Kooyman..478

418 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

CAMP COOKE

r famed in Monor of ormon uSattalion Lommander

By EDMUND CROWLEY,

M.D.

PHILIP

ST, GEORGE COOKE

CampnamedCooke,in honorCalifornia,of Brigadierwas ofgraduatedbrigadierin 1827,general.and Herosewasto theonrankthe

General Philip St. George Cooke frontier for several years and took part

who led the Mormon Battalion from in the Black Hawk War of 1832 and Don't waitSanta Fe, New Mexico, to San Diego, several expeditions against the Indians.

California. It was this illustrious soldier His experiences with the Mormons until the last minutewho said: of the did not end with his command

Battalion. Later he was in vain searched History be for an Mormon may to to make your plans 1857of command the Utah expedition infantry;equal of half of it through march

of 58 and the Departwas commandera wilderness nothing where but savages and for that long delayed ofwild in 186061. found, beasts are for ment where, or deserts Utah JohnWhen

want of water, there is no living creature. ston's army marched through Salt Lake

There, with almost hopeless labor we have City on the 26th of June, 1858, General vacation trip.

wells, traveler future thedug deep which in the charge of was second Cooke will enjoy. guide had a Without who constituting dragoons rear the guard. For detailed information ana) enteredtraversed trackinto them, have we

city the he passed through he bared Asless tablelands not water reservations, found where was see:

for several marches. With crowbar and his head in respect to the Mormon Battalion and. further thereby endeared inpick our axe and worked hand, we have H. R. COULAM.

the over mountains to himself seemed to his for whichway old command. Except

defy aught save the wijd goat, and hewed a a few guards there were no Latterday General Agent passage through a chasm of living rock Saints left in Salt Lake City to witness 48 South Main Street than Thus, our wagons.more narrow the troops trains and which poured Salt Utah Lake City, living half half andmarching naked fed and

city the to dusk. from dawn 4-G551 Phone animals, discovered and through haveupon wild we

made a road of great value to our country. General Johnston kept his promise as

to maintaining the good order in which The Battalion left Santa Fe the 19th the march should be conducted. &-

of October, 1846, and arrived on the The army encamped in Cedar ValPacific Coast the 29th of January, 1847, ley, thirtysix miles from Salt Lake WATCH FOR completing a march of more than two City. The encampment was known as

thousand miles from Ft. Leavenworth. Camp Floyd and was not abandoned

until the late summer of 1861. General

soldier, St. GeorgeDhilip Cooke, during the post Cooke commanded theA author, born in Leesburg, Virwas last year. from the East He was called

ginia, June 13, 1809. At the age of to take his new assignment much

fourteen he entered the U. S. Military against his desire, for he had hoped the

Academy at West Point where he was (Concluded on page 451 WESTERN PACIFIC

JULY 1946 419

THE TEN COMMANDMENTS

By DR. CHARLES E. DIBBLE Arztec M

You don't have to fuss over a hot stove when you use these time and work savers

tiptdsiL CHICKEN AND NOODLES TURKEY AND NOODLES BONED TURKEY SLICED CHICKEN You can find many interestCATECHISMINANDAZTECTHEHIEROGLYPHSTEN COMMANDMENTS ing ways to serve these distinctive foods. Just try the early Christian missionaries to side a temple: The third, thou shalt recipe below, for example. TheMexico endeavored to teach Spankeep the Sabbath day holy.

to dein order natives the ish to bechild section. appears Fifth A Other to them. gospel message the right the and father, mother tween on

efan ecclesiastics made \ liverenterprising his in ear of corn hand: The with an

Chrisof the precepts convert fort to fourth, thou shalt honor thy father and \ enabling thus hieroglyphs, into tianity mother. thy

through gospel Indians to know the \ the them. Sixth section: A man shrinks from a familiar to already loop* vT* LWfli a medium

holding a sword: The man were second documents hieroglyphic SLICED CHICF.,Msa \ These shalt not kill. fifth, thou conversant written either by a priest

r; UiPP"1 "salae.*: \ withdian Indianscribe writingfamiliaror withby a nativeChristianIn-

I teachings. OLD GARDENER

the presents document One such[ By Ruth Margaret Gibbs of Faith of the Roman Articles fourteen the Ten Commandand \ Catechism like this only him remember me are Let Commandments Ten ments. The flowering some above old head bent His

recogto us enable to sufficiently visual [ thing place ""without their even meaning nize llf'ii. along or crept or bloomed, climbed, a That

ft. writing. of Aztec the ground; knowledge \ fStw CHICKED his laboring, for the music This was illustraline in the fifth the Reading sound. unmistaken ears closed an For his [ decipher right, left to tion from we

these commandments: And let him stand always before my eyes

First section: The first three comDeepSome intangleda gardengardenthat thathas needwas letof tendingto run

mandments are about God, the remainToo loose and wild before the summer's ing seven deal with man. ending.

Second section: God is shown hold- I cannot think his hands, that fumbled so

ing a human heart in his hand. The With keys and dishes, should have lost at all

section indicates the first commandTheir art of pruning and their slow, sure ment: Thou shalt love God above all way

things. Of training rambler roses up a wall.

Third section: God is shown with a So, let me keep him in remembrance thus:

hand extended toward two black This heart that bowed before his Lord, and beauty thou shalt not take second, marks The spot, in garden..your I know God,. own And JlytuLett GannUup Kittdie*tl in vain. the name: of God think it duty but his proud and be He would

Fourth section: A priest appears inTo dig and tend it as he has below.

420 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA #nmam JUNE CONFERENCE For the first time...

VTOW, for the first time, you can give your baby the fortieth convention of the "amount of Vitamin D he needs in crystalpure form in AssociationThePrimary was held

Salt Lake City on June 7, 8, and... in milk that is uniformly rich, milk that is easy to digest.

9, 1946. This was the first such convention since 1941. This new form of vitamin D—now in Sego Milk and

of the theme meet The was taken in no other brand—is exactly the same kind of vitamin D the Doctrine Covenants: from and

"And they shall also teach their chilwhich sunshine creates in the skin of human beings. It is

dren to pray, and to walk uprightly beso pure, so effective, that less than twomillionths of a fore the Lord."(D. & C. 68:28.) teaspoonful provides the amount needed daily by the

Friday morning's sessions were departmental in nature. Friday afternoon normal baby for developing good bones and teeth, and for

was devoted to exhibiting various projexcellent growth. Each pint of Sego Milk contains this

ects Primary children had completed. tiny but sufficient amount of pure crystalline vitamin D. Late Friday afternoon was open house

Hospital, at Children's the Primary and Ask your doctor about the new vitamin D Sego Milk.

storytelling featured evening Friday and clay modeling exhibits. And when you buy evaporated milk for your baby or for

Saturday general sessions were held family use remember that Sego Milk is the only brand in tabernacle. the Adele Cannon Howwith pure crystalline vitamin D.

ells, president general the Primary, of gave an address of welcome; music was This seal guarantees that all statements made here

Trail Builder furnished and by a Home Council accepted on Foods and been by the i, have AMERICANMEDICALASSN.

chorus, of comprised Builder boys and I

Association. Medical of Nutrition the American

girls from the Salt Lake City Liberty,

Park, Granite, Sugar House, Wells, This seal certifies that the Wisconsin Alumni Restakes; Dr. Highlandand M. Lynn tests to determine periodic search Foundation makes UpPflOVIOVITAMINDfOHl superintendent of Salt Bennion, Lake of water an equal amount with Milk diluted that Sego

City schools, spoke on knowing children always gives you 400 units of vitamin D per quart.

in order to guide them; Elder Harold B.

Lee of the Council of the Twelve spoke To get your copy of the 64page baby book and on the Primary's responsibility to chilMary Lee Taylor's latest recipe book, write:

dren.

SEGO MILK PRODUCTS CO., 159 W. 1st So., Salt Lake City, Utah In Saturday afternoon's general session, music was furnished by a Brigham

Young University faculty quintet; Olga

C. Brown of the Primary general board

talked on enriching the experiences of children; Elder Marion G. Romney,

assistant to the Council of the Twelve, spoke on the subject of encouraging appreciation for each other; and President George Albert Smith gave a message to Primary workers.

There was a testimony meeting for the Primary held in the Assembly Hall

Sunday morning. At eleven o'clock the

Primary convened with the Mutuals in the tabernacle for a meeting under the direction of the First Presidency, and the Sunday afternoon meeting in the tabernacle was held with the Mutual I

Improvement Associations.—A L. Z., Jr. THE ONLY ECO

EVAPORATED MILK V m -/

CnfstoJ/ttte Tttre. 'Mm via- t."

t/i-tsint/'/r 7) MA&Jtfjr SEGO MILK PRODUCTS COMPANY—First to bring you

evaporated milk... First to bring you evaporated milk with

pure crystalline vitamin D JULY 1946 421 and is much feared in some regions by the waterloving natives. SEA MONSTERS The sting ray is found in many parts

of the Jropic$ of the tropics. There is a beach near

the city of Balboa, Panama, where

By DR. HAROLD L. SNOW bathersersome creatures.come in contactThe tailwithof thethe bothsting

Bishop ol San Pedro Ward, ray is armed with one or more spines, Long Beach Stake barbed on the sides. In large species

the waters of tropical America, these measure eight or nine inches in

INboth on the Atlantic and Pacific length. With a sudden swing of the

sides, are to be found some of the tail an ugly wound is inflicted that may largest fish that have actually been seen be excruciatingly painful. The poison

by man. that enters the wound made by the

Natives, working in the pearl fishspine is either the mucus of the body eries near Panama, are acquainted with or a secretion from a definite gland at one of these monsters which they call the base of the grooved or hollow spine.

the "blanket fish."This fish lives near The electric rays or torpedoes are

the bottom of the sea often not far from fish that generate electricity in a pair of the shore and is much dreaded by the flat curiouslyformed organs lying onSHARE A MEAL divers. They claim that the enormous either side of the head. These organs

fish envelops a man in its vast wings are thoroughly enervated and are under and devours him. the voluntary control of the creature.

fish can disEVERY DAY The blanket fish is also known as the By a single discharge the fish the Ordinarily adult man. able an Its peculiar ray. eagle devil or sea

free Once again are people itself this either defend to uses power its it receives fins, which from broad to called of in on the help name kill the animals or which stun on or to to said be are flexible and are name, humanity. million 500 persons it the receive In shock, to feeds. order the food from in scooping up used are undergalvanic the complete object must the hungry—pathetically it the to transferring and bottom nourished. will of ocean Millions die fish the circuit with communication by behind lies and between which mouth starvation unless pitch in we or either directly distinct points, at two hard, flat are and fins. teeth the The rush QUICKLY, food and more conducting of the some through medium crushing for mill perfect a forming abroad. electric rays weigh the of body. Some crabs. shells and

Some of these fish attain an enormous as much as two hundred pounds.

3 Ways to Share a size. One of them was said to have

male pounds. The 1250 Save A weighed America Use? Caffeine Does Meal—and Much is usHow female. the little than smaller ually a Life! and Engineering Chemical (From pairs. Kingsley seen in are they Often

tells of a female that was captured, and News, reprinted by Science Digest, 1. Share wheat and fat says the male remained hovering about February 1946, page 19.)

products. the boat for three days and was afteryr lthough American production of

surthe on dead found floating wards is slightly over running caffeine /A grief. of died having face, apparently 2. Buy and serve more at the annually million pounds "one *

their young, accompany they When are facing a serious time, plentiful foods. we one at present only bring forth they of which item. in this shortage

be espeare said to time, the monsters here of caffeine 3. Waste NO food. a use The foremost attacking sometimes dangerous, cially cola of preparation continues to be the

We of the Hotel Utah are doand capsizing a boat. drinks, secondary consuming sources

best in this ing our food conserbeing provided by the drug and pharand or stingarees, sting rays C harks, vation program, appreand we trades. maceutical all belong torpedoes, electric rays or

ciate deeply your understanding to the same group as the blanket fish. Most of the caffeine produced at

and cooperation. To what extent the socalled manpresent in the United States is derived

eating sharks are dangerous to man is through theobromine, which formerly difficult to determine. Recently fish was brought in from South America in

specialists have expressed great doubt considerable quantities but which is as to whether man was ever attacked now provided here.

by any species of sharks. They claim at Tea wastes are largest single source

least, that most sharks are quite harmin domestic solvent extraction procless so far as attacking man is conesses, and far more important than cerned. Sharks are quite numerous in coffee which provides the chemical

the waters of Central America, and through decaffeination.

many stories are told in the tropics Insufficient supplies have centered inabout maneating sharks. It is difficult terest in the plans of a large chemical

to believe that all are fabrications. manufacturer to erect a $1,500,000

It is the great white shark that is blant for the complete synthesis of cafusually called the "maneater."It grows feine. Wholly synthesized caffeine is

to a length of twenty to twentyfive Said to cost in excess of $6 per pound, feet, and one forty feet long was found, compared with the average of $2.64 for

according to Guenter, who claims it cut partly synthesized and extracted cafthe body of a man in two at one bite. It feine as reported for 1944 by the U. S.

lives in the tropical and subtropical seas Tariff Commission.

422 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA READ THE STORY OF The Savior's Ministry in America

Third Nephi M.I.A. CHURCHWIDE READING PROJECT

FOR 194647 FOR ALL LATTERDAY SAINTS

A COPY 25c IN HANDY POCKET SIZE FROM THE BOOK OF NEPHI, BOOK OF MORMON

ADD THESE OUTSTANDING CHURCH BOOKS TO YOUR WARD LIBRARY OR YOUR partial listing from hundreds of titles HOME LIBRARY—a

BRIGHAM YOUNG, THE MAN THIS DAY AND ALWAYS By Richard L. Evans P*3U,, r n AND HIS WORK

By Preston Nibley $2.50 "... and THE SPOKEN WORD"L. Evans 5>lOU<*, cn By Richard YOUTH AND THE CHURCH

By Harold B. Lee $1.75 THE RESTORATION OF ALL THINGS

FUNDAMENTALS OF RELIGION By Joseph Fielding Smith $1.75

By Charles A. Callis $1.50

HIGH TEMPLES OF THE MOST GOSPEL STANDARDS LundwaU 9$.UUnn By N. B. By Heber I. Grant $2.25

CONCORDANCE TO THE THE PRESIDENTS OF THE CHURCH

By Preston Nibley $2.50 DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS By John V. Bluth $3.00

THE EXODUS OF MODERN ISRAEL JESUS THE CHRIST By James E. Talmage $2.00 By N. B. Lundwall $1.00

THREE MORMON CLASSICS By Preston Nibley $2.50 THE PROGRESS OFBy JosephMANFielding Smith $2.00

WITNESSES OF THE BOOK OF SIGNS OF THE TIMES MORMON By Joseph Fielding Smith <.,N>*>9q By Preston Nibley $2.25

CHANGE CONSTANCY AMID UNTO THE HILLS

By Albert E. Bowen wP*UUnn By Richard L. Evans $1.50

DESERET BOOK CO The Book Center of the Intermountain West 44 East South Temple Street P. O. Box 958 Salt Lake City 10, Utah

Enclosed is $ Send copies of "Third Nephi"and other titles as checked above.

Name Address

JULY 1946 423

&6um* /MIA. JUNE CONFERENCE NATURE GROWS

It representatives Salt Tabernacle. and people ented in the Lake

for spiritual unpeople thronged THEM Youngof young search to Salt depicted man's

Lake City twenty thousand strong derstanding in the presentday world. DEWY FRESH on June 7, 8, 9, and 10, as the traditional Music for this session was by the

June conference of the M.I.A. was con- M.I.A. June Conference Girls'chorus.

vened for the first time since 1941. Sunday's sessions were again held in

Planned as a "welcome home"for the tabernacle. After the network choir

servicemen, the memorable fourday and organ broadcast a testimony meetmeet was under the direction of Gening was held. Participation at this fortyeral Superintendent George Q. Morris minute meeting was limited to General

and General President Lucy Grant Authorities, servicemen coordinators

Cannon, and their assistants, counand their assistants, returned serviceselors, and members of the general men and women, and M.I.A. officers. A

boards. general session followed which was unThe first general session convened in der the direction of the First Presidency.

the historic tabernacle at ten o'clock President Smith, President Clark, PresFriday morning. Here music was furident McKay, and Walter W. Head

nished by the West Pocatello M.I.A. of St. Louis, former president of the

Stake chorus. Improvement Era citaBoy Scouts of America, were the speaktions were awarded; the manuals for ers.

the coming year were previewed; the Sunday afternoon's general session

M.I.A. theme for 194647 was anwas under the direction of the Primary

nounced. ( See page 428. and featured the correlation program of

An address by President George Althe Primary, Aaronic Priesthood, and bert Smith, former general superintendthe Mutual Improvement Associations.

ent of the Y.M.M.I.A. closed the sesThe Sunday evening general session

sion at which Ruth May Fox, who was entitled "Carry on in the Gospel served as president of the Y.W.M.I.A. Way"and featured a fivehundred-

at the same time that President Smith voice girls'chorus under the direction headed the Y.M.M.I.A., was also hon- (Concluded on page 456)

ored.

The second general session was held in the tabernacle Friday afternoon with the general theme, "The gospel way in

M.I.A.,"with our social activities. Pictures illustrating some of the activities

Elder Oscar A. Kirkham of the First which attracted thousands to the M.I.A.

Council of the Seventy spoke. (See June Conference, June 7, 8, 9, 10, 1946.

page 432.) Much of this session was andCenterPresidentpicture:J. ReubenPresidentClark,DavidJr.,O.greetingMcKay

presented by dramatization of the four Captain Wilford E. Smith, U. S. Army chapcultural arts. The Musettes—a ladies'lain, who flew from Okinawa to attend

chorus from San Fernando Stake, and June conference.

the West Pocatello Stake chorus furReading clockwise from upper left: One

nished the music for this session. registrantsof the groupson ofTemplesingersSquare;who greetedgirls'chorusearly

Friday evening saw the annual M.I.A. from fortyfive stakes who sang in the

dance festival at Saltair on the shores tabernacle Saturday and Sunday evenings;

of Great Salt Lake. Special exhibition GeneralGeneral PresidentSuperintendentLucy G.GeorgeCannon,Q. andMorris,Sunumbers included native dancers from perintendent Adele C. Howells, receiving

the Oahu Stake in Hawaii; an original Keys of Happiness as June conference

waltz from the Inglewood, California, opened; Pioneer story telling group; story

Stake; and a preview of the Centennial rabbit,characters:Tiny AliceTim, inTomWonderlandSawyer, Pandora;and her

Dances from "One Hundred Years of group of dancers at Saltair; story characDancing."A floor show "America the ters: Sacajawea, Minnehaha, David, Clara

Beautiful"was presented during the Barton;the PioneerPioneersummerdance waygroup,forMemoryM.I.A.;Grove,Genevening. eral President Lucy G. Cannon addressing

Saturday morning's activities started the Golden Gleaner breakfast; pageant

session; of evening from Saturday Musettes o'clock out at with seven

California, of Master M southern several singing one breakfasts. Gleaner and Golden Man color groups to the which conference; added

QwfaGt'makes them Saturday was a day for department sesget-together for servicemen on lawn north more delicious. Foods need sions, and as one speaker described it of the tabernacle; General Superintendent

General President Morris and Q. the George "it's a circus"—and receiving G. the Lucy leis from Cannon this delightful dressing! simile enjoyed himwas fourteenringapt—everyone to delegates Hawaiian conference. the

self, and careful planning met fruition as these sessions unfolded.

Tie recct Salad T>*e44iHf Saturday evening a sacred pageant "Lamps of Eternal Life,"by H. Jack

Vigos and Lorna M. Taylor was pres424 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

; >; >-r-;,

,f,::.:::::..;.:;::,:,:::.

:\:']0y::Ms

+ a

i-ii

':...'"':-.

RELIGIOUS ATTITUDES OF NOTED MEN

Selected by Leon M. Strong

Dasteur indicated:

That in each of us are two men—the scientist, who seeks knowledge of nature

through observation, trial, and reasoning;

and the man who feels, and believes; who

grieves over his dead children and cannot prove that he will ever see them again, but believes he will do so, and lives in this hope. (Page 309.)*

Francis T. Buckland (English naturalist, 18261880):

Thought of a future estate as a time when the gates of omniscience will be thrown open and when the mind will be given greater scope of knowledge with greater reward for those occupied on earth in investigating the words of the Creator.... Perhaps death

forces a rest until the refreshed spirit, with new energy, may resume its pursuits under fknu Maoi] Scraps new and improved circumstances. (Paqe

313.),

Benjamin Franklin held that IN A BAR OF... life is a state of embryo, a preparation

for life. A man is not completely born until

he has passed through death. (Page 313.)

FELSNAPTHA? Sir Humphry Davy (celebrated

chemist and inventor, 17781829) is

Well... we're still counting. Letters from housethus reported:

keepers who discover new uses for FelsNaptha roundingThere mayus, bewhichbeings,wethinkingdo notbeings,perceive,surSoap are almost a daily occurrence. They tell us whichvery little;we canbut, neverin myimagine.opinion, Wewe knowknow

there's hardly a spot from attic to cellar that can't enough to hope for immortality, the individual immortality of the better part of be improved by the FelsNaptha treatment. man. (Page 314.)

This much we know: there isn't one piece of family maticianOlinthusand Gilbertphilosopher,Gregory,has written:matheapparel, from rough deeply soiled work clothes to We must consider our present state as

sheer and dainty infant wear that can't be washed onlypreparationthe dawnfor ofsomethingour existence,far morea stateexaltedof cleaner, with gentler handling of fabric and with andheld, grandor thethanmostanythinglofty imaginationthe eye hathhathbemay, however, even now, We less work—by FelsNaptha Soap. conceived.

form extensive conceptions noble of and

We know the reason, too. It's the Fels way of blendtheunboundedimmensitypowerof theand universewisdom andof theof Althe

ing gentle, active naptha with good, mild soap, that mightyto that happyCreator,periodand wewhenmaywelookshallforwarddrink makes FelsNaptha such an fullknowledge,draughtsrejoicingfrom abovethe fountainheadall things thatof extra fine laundry soap—ourtions,hopebut reststhat notGoduponhathingeniousbrought speculalife and

and allround houseimmortality to light through the gospel.

(Page 314.)

hold cleanser.

Sir Charles Lyell ( Scottish geologist, 17971875) is quoted:

He worked on in calm confidence that the honest searcher after truth would never go far astray, and that the God of nature and revelation was one. He sought in this life

to follow the way of righteousness, justice, and goodness, and he died in the hope of immortality. 315.) (PageFelsNaptha Soap—'Permission granted to reprint extracts from;

BANISHES TATTLETALE GRAY AbingdonCokesburyChristianity In Science,Press,by Frederick1928 D. Leete.

426 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

GIVE THE LORD

A CHANCE"

(/eorae Mtber>t J)mitk

constable to pick a corner on which to preach the gospel!

The constable said:

"Surely, I will go with you."

In fifteen minutes they had one of the best corners in town, with permission to preach the gospel of Jesus Christ where it had not been preached on the streets since before the war.

(This was following World War I.)

I remember another incident of this nature.

Brother John A. Widtsoe had a remarkable exPRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH perience that you probably have read about,

which has been published in years gone by, when he was in Scandinavia and found a whole collection of genealogical records in a little store on a remember one day I was impressed to say to side street, which he felt prompted to visit with- a missionary who was going to a certain town out knowing why. The proprietors did not have

I where they would not let us hold street any use for them, and he bought them very reameetings sonably. They were Scandinavian genealogies

that were priceless, but if he had not been praying "Now remember, give the Lord a chance. You about it, and if he had not been looking for them,

are going to ask a favor. Give the Lord a chance. and if he had not obeyed the promptings of the

Ask him to open the way."Spirit, he would not have found them. And these

particular records could not have been duplicated

The young man went to that city, went into the nor otherwise obtained in any manner known to office of the mayor, and asked if he could see us.

him. He was going to ask if they might change

the rule. The Lord has a way of accomplishing

things that we are unable to do, and never asks

When he got there, he found that the mayor us to do anything that he does not make the way was out of town. The young man came out of the possible. That is what he told us through Nephi.

office, looked down the hall and saw on a door at He will not require anything without preparing the end of the hall, "Chief Constable's Office."the way.

to said a and something moment, He hesitated fasaid it unto that I, Nephi, to pass came my And into him: a chance.""Give the Lord He walked I the hath ther: things will Lord which do the go and

the chief constable's office and told him what commanded, for I know that the Lord giveth no comhe had come for. When he finished the man said mandments unto the children of men, save he shall pre-

"Well, what street corner would you like?"whichpare a hewaycommandethfor them thatthem.they(Bookmay accomplishof Mormon,theI Nephithing

He said: "I don't know this city as well as 3:7.)

you do. I would not ask for a corner that would If you have something that the Lord asks or

be undesirable, or where we would block the expects you to do and you don't know just how traffic. Would you mind going with me to select to proceed, do your best. Move in the direction

a corner?"that you ought to go; trust the Lord, give him a

}ust think of a missionary asking the chief chance, and he will never fail you.

Jke (Ldltord \rtaae9'JULY 1946 427 I

M.I.A. THEMEINTRODUCING THE

Dm Ljeorffeteome (o/. omd for 19461947

GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT OF THE Y.M.M.I.A.

f et everyone get a knowlunto the church speaking pleased, well am conjust now the ttt June conference this that edge (D. & not individually. collectively and a from theme eluded, a new iX

let 17, 23, 30.) C. 1:2, every* work "Brigham President is true—thenfor himself by sermon

Young was introduced. It reads: "Let Joseph Smith tells of some of the person say: I will live my

get aeveryone will walk humis this workthat knowledgetrue—thenforlethimselfevery heavenlyand the instructionsmanifestationshe hadhe hasreceivedseen religion—Iperson say: I will live my religion—from the Lord in connection with the bly before my God and deal

will walk humbly before my God and setting upon the Church, then testifies honestly with my fellow bedeal honestly with my fellow beings."as follows: ings. Brigham Young. to in the referred the course, workOf is a there that things these know we By Christ of is Jesus gospel thetheme eternal, infinite is and in heaven, who reGod

the through him, earth by the to stored the everlasting same everlasting to from

Prophet Joseph Smith. unchangeable God, the framer of heaven

I am sure we are all convinced that in and earth, and all things which are in them;

the midst of the contention, conflict, and And that he created man, male and female, 'T'he Lord in his mercy and wisdom confusion that exists, there is need for after his own image and in his own likehas promised that everyone who is some sure foundation upon which we ness, created he them; And gave unto sufficiently humble, sincere, and prayerlove that they should commandments them get a will his will ful; may do and I who persuaded, our lives. am build may true living and only the him, serve and things. these of truth the of this knowledge that agree us of that most also, being the only be that should he and God, this knowledge gain does who its background One with confusion, spiritual

... worship. we should they And whom encomfort, strength, and finds peace, homeless, cities and devastated of believe repent all and that must men know other in no that can come lightenment is proof conclusive peoples, starving Christ, worship of and Jesus name on the

finds a sustaining and guiding that human wisdom—much of it cynical the Father in his name, and endure in way. He

under needs to his that is equal inpower canutterly the end, or they to faith proved on his name and atheistic—has

to he is true as (D. of God. in the all circumstances. kingdom And saved disaster. be not to world and has led adequate;

In this the scriptures have been ful- & C. 20:1729.) {Concluded on page 457)

filled. An ancient prophet said: "Woe

unto them that call evil good, and good evil; that put darkness for light, and

light for darkness."(Isaiah 5:20.) Also

an injunction by a modern prophet has been violated which counsels to "... General Superintendent

not be seduced by evil spirits, or docGeorgeY.M.M.I.A.Q. (center);Morris of Genthe

trines of devils, or the commandments eral President Lucy G. Canof men."(D. & C. 46:7.) This global non(right);of andtheGeneralY.W.M.I.A.Superholocaust came as men ignored and intendentof the PrimaryAdele AssociationC. Howells

defied their God. The only positive (left).

cure is to repent and turn to him.

Nothing else can compose this distraught world.

The Lord referring to the restoring of the Church declares:

For verily the voice of the Lord is unto all men, and there is none to escape; and

there is no eye that shall not see, neither ear that shall not hear, neither heart that shall not be penetrated.... Wherefore,

I the Lord, knowing the calamity which should come upon the inhabitants of the earth, called upon my servant Joseph

Smith, Jun., and spake unto him from

heaven, and gave him commandments;...

That the fulness of my gospel might be proclaimed by the weak and the simple unto the ends of the world, and before kings and rulers.... And also those to

whom these commandments were given, Photograph by might have power to lay the foundation Salt Lake "Tribune'of this church, and to bring it forth out of obscurity and out of darkness, the only true and living church upon the face of the whole earth, with which I, the Lord, 428 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Iredident H. TAYLORJOHN

of the Jirit LoLtncli of the Seventy

Death came to President John H.

Taylor of the First Council of the Seventy on Tuesday morning, May 28, as he stood among the youth of the Church at the Mission

Home in Salt Lake City, counseling them before their departure for the missions of the earth. Death came as he

would have wished it while he was addressing a missionary group. PRESIDENT

The experience of John H. Taylor, TAYLORJOHN H.

whose youthfulness of spirit belied his three score years and ten, had been that of many boys in the Church—being

born into a good home—one in which

the gospel was the most prized possesnation called Scouts of aries the Boy continent recalled, on that were at baptized eight years of the sion—being America, H. Taylor John Scout became and Elder Taylor went York to New responsibilities the age; and accepting

of the Aaronic Priesthood. One of his commissioner for the Church and as City on special assignment of the First

first Church duties was as president of such represented the national organizaPresidency to reassign missionaries to his deacon's quorum, and as he grew, tion of the Boy Scouts, receiving the fields of labor.

so did his Church responsibilities until appointment in May 1913. He was set apart as president of the

he accepted a call to fill a mission to Temple Square Mission on April 1,

Great Britain and was ordained a T Te was called to preside over the 1941, and in the days immediately preseventy before he was twentyone years Northern States Mission with ceding America's participation in the of age, by Elder Heber J. Grant of the headquarters in Chicago in December war, and during much of the war, he

Council of the Twelve. 1922. Here he served until 1928. Then directed mission activities among thouhis he and called wife take to were sands tourists of see had come to who years, 189698, following two The of the charge in Missionary Salt Home the for themselves interesting ten "most in he served England, spent wherewere City, to give missionaries Lake short a in acres America."capacities, as secretary of otheramong intensive but training just period prior

the Nottingham Conference of the to their departure for their fields of His calling was always as a missionBritish Mission. labor. ary, and in this he delighted.

On September 20, 1899, Elder Taylor His office was filled with fine paintmarried Rachel Grant, the daughDuring the October 1933 general ings which he had gathered at home ter of Heber J. and Lucy Stringham conference of the Church he was susand from many far places during a full

Grant, and, after completing a course tained a member of the First Council lifetime of service to and love for his in dentistry in Chicago in 1901, he reof the Seventy. He continued as the fellow man. This was his outward inturned to practice in Salt Lake City. director of the mission home until May dication of what he found and appreThis was interrupted in 1905 by a call 1936, having trained thousands of ciated in life.

for missionary men and womento the Netherlands Mission. young

John Harris Taylor was born in Salt duty in America and abroad.

Returning from his labors in 1908 he Lake City, June 28, 1875, the son of was called to the general board of the The next five years were spent travelThomas E. and Emma Louise Harris

Young Men's Mutual Improvement Asing throughout the Church on assignTaylor. Throughout life he bore the

sociation in the fall of 1911; and, as a ment as one of the General Authorities. given name of his grandfather, who was

member of that group, he had charge of He visited in the stakes and in the misthe third president of the Church, and the athletic program of that organizasions many times. Quiet and unassumhis mother's maiden name.

tion throughout the Church. He loved ing, wellmannered and quietspoken, his

boys and boys'sports and gained for own life was a personal testimony of At funeral services held May 31, himself a reputation as a football playwhat he said as he stood before the 1946, in the Assembly Hall high tribute was paid to him, his wife, Rachel Granter of ability. In later years his active congregations of the Saints in their tabinterest in sports was to turn to the ernacles, in their chapels, and in their Taylor, and their children, Lucy Taylor

golf links. homes. Andersen and Heber Grant Taylor, by

President David O. McKay, Elder

When the attention of the Church With the outbreak of hostilities in Stephen L Richards, and President was drawn to a new movement in Europe in September 1 939, the missionRichard L. Evans.

JULY 1946 429 MISSIONARY SPIRIT odt Successful ora Lampala

By JOHN D. GILES

FIRST ASSISTANT SUPERINTENDENT, Y. M.M.J. A.; BUSINESS MANAGER OF THE "ERA'

TOoverthousandsthe Churchof whomen haveand womenformed thestantialtotalincreases.home subscriptions show subthe great army of Improvement In the missions, Northwestern States

Era missionaries during the past year, was awarded the special citation for this annual report is of unusual intertotal subscriptions, and in the stakes, est. Since last October large groups of Long Beach was given the same honstake and ward Era directors, specially or.

appointed Eta missionaries and countAmong the mission branches, Batavia less bishops and counselors, high counBranch of the Eastern States Mission cilors, and members of stake presidenagain led the entire group with 3000 cies have joined in a united effort to have members of the Church everyCALIFORNIAdent Elijah MISSION,Allen. DIVISION 1—1. to r.: Presiwhere read The Improvement Era. WESTERN CANADIAN MISSION, DIVISION 2: PresiForming one of the most unique and dentsupervisorJosephandY. "Era"Card; director;Cliff Walker,ElizabethY.M.M.I.A.D. Mceffective subscription organizations in Allister, mission secretary and "Era"director.

the land and one which has been the SOUTHERNHeber Meeks;STATESAlzadaMISSION,B. Chace,DIVISIONformer3:M.I.A.Presidentsumarvel of subscription experts of napervisor and "Era"director; and Afton Van Limtional experience, the splendid group EASTERNburg, presentSTATESM.I.A.MISSION,supervisorDIVISIONand "Era"4: Presidentdirector.

Roy L. Beth W. Doxey; for Hermansen Eckand Elaine years been as Eva have knownwho

ersley, missionaries and super- "Era"campaign this again year broughtworkers have visors.

credit and honor to themselves and this CENTRAL PACIFIC MISSION, DIVISION 5. President

popular missionary magazine. Melvyn Weenig.

In the fortyninth campaign since

President Heber J. Grant was responsible for bringing the first copy from the SEATTLE STAKE, DIVIpress in November 1897, more home dentSION Monte1—4. to L.r.: PresiBean;

subscriptions have been secured than Lorin E. Peterson, Y.M.

in any previous year. The Era subscrip- M.I.MarieA. superintendent;Jones, Y.W.

tions list is 20,000 higher in home subSeal,M.I. A."Era"president;director.L. C.

scriptions than a year ago, and predictions are being made that an even better

DIVISTAKE,year is just ahead. MINIDOKA

President SION 2:

Space limitations preclude extending Melvin Toone; Ralph K.J.

honors to all who deserve them or even perintendent;McCloy, Y.M.M.I.A.Virgiesuto mention the hundreds of stakes, mispresident;Sullivan, CarlY.W.M.I.A.George,

sions, wards, and branches that per- "Era"director (no formed outstanding service. Only the photo available).

topmost groups can be singled out as

POCATELLO STAKE, DIVIcitation winners, but to all who assisted SION 3: President W.

in writing this new record of achieve- A.P. Whitaker;Dunn, Y.M.M.I.A.Samuel NO

:.- gig;ment and who did such effective missuperintendentphoto available); Dor-(no

sionary service, full credit is given, and othy Bosquet, Y.W.

congratulations are extended. M.I.renceA. president;Denkers, Y.M.Lau-

M.I. A. "Era"director;

Couthern States Mission again EthelM.I. A. Denkers,"Era"director.Y.W.

demonstrated outstanding leadership, having led the entire Church in BENSON STAKE, DIVIboth total subscriptions and percent of SIONMerle G.4:Hyer;PresidentC. W.

quota. With 2,892 subscriptions equalHyer,perintendentY.M.M.I.A.and "Era"suing 443.5 percent of its quota, the misdirector; Margaret Crasion group from the Southland made an gun,dent. Y.W.M.I.A. presioutstanding contribution in this fortyninth Era campaign. BEN LOMOND STAKE,

South Los Angeles Stake, long a DIVISION 5: President

leader in Era campaigns, led all the EarlV/illiamJ. ArthurRhees, Budge;Y.M.

stakes of the Church with 1,525 sub- M.I.A.Addis superintendent;Thomas, Y.W.

scriptions and 372 percent of its quota. M.I.A. president; M. L.

While both Southern States Mission Swenson,tor. "Era"direcand South Los Angeles Stake were

slightly under their previous records.

430 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA percent of its quota. In the larger SALTSIONLAKE6: PresidentSTAKE, DIVILin-

branches, Charleston Branch of the coln F. Hanks; A. W.

Southern States Mission, with 1311 superintendent;Sheldon, Y.M.M.I.A.Shela

percent of its quota, was outstanding. president;Woodland, KarlY.W.M.I.A.FarnsIn total subscriptions in the mission worth, Y. M. M. /. A.

branches, Montgomery Branch of the Newman,"Era"director;Y.W.M.I.A.Ada R.

Southern States Mission led the smaller "Era"director.

branches with fortyone subscriptions, UINTAH STAKE, DIVIand Jacksonville Branch, also of the SIONArchie Johnson,7: PresidentLeonSouthern States Mission, led the larger superintendent;ard Perry, Y.M.M.I.A.Mrs.

branches with two hundred eighty subGwen Vest, Y.W.M.I.A.

scriptions. president;Hatch, Y. CharlesM. M. I. A.A.

Of the six AllChurch citations in "Era"Winn, director;Y. W. M.ThelmaI. A.

the missions, four went to Southern "Era"director.

States Mission. WEST JORDAN STAKE,

In the stakes, Chehalis Branch of DIVISIONLawrence 8: T. PresidentDahl;

Seattle Stake had the best record in WalterM.I. A. A.superintendent;Matey, Y.M.

percent of quota, the final figure being Mrs. Evelyn Spratling,

1140 percent. Park View Ward of LouisY.W.M.I.A.Peterson,president;Y.M.

Long Beach Stake led the larger wards M.I.A.Mrs. Grace"Era"Peterson,director;

with 523 percent. Y.W.M.I.A. "Era"diQueen Anne Ward of Seattle Stake, rector.

with 190 subscriptions, led the smaller PROVO9: PresidentSTAKE, CharlesDIVISIONE.

wards of the Church, and Wilshire Rowan, Jr.; Spencer

Ward of Los Angeles Stake, with the 'perintendentGrow, Y.M.M.I.A.and "Era"sugreat record of 399 subscriptions, led available);director (noMrs. photoJulia

all the wards of the Church in total Caine, Y.W.M.I.A. pressubscriptions taken. All the foregoing able).ident (no photo availgroups were awarded allChurch citaMORONI STAKE, DIVItions. SION 10: President

Division citation winners among the GeorgeJohn M.M. Arnoldson,Anderson;

stakes were as follows: tendent;Y.M.M.I.A. Mrs. superinMella

Morley, Y. W. M.I.A.

president; Division 1 Paul

Y.M.M.I.A. "Era"diMrs.Seattle—Double citation winner rector; Nelson, Paul Nelson, Y.W.M.I.A. "Era"

director.Lethbridge—Special total326.8%subscriptions970 subs.

504 subs. UVADA STAKE, DIVISION

/ 1: President

Division 2 Ronnow; RolandDaniel H.J.

Y.M.M.I.A. suMinidoka—Percent perintendent; Mrs. Ha

Terry, Y.W.M.I.A. presBurley—Total subscriptionsof quota 534194.8%subs. Bowler, ident; Seth Jones, M.

Pocatello—PercentDivisionof quota3 172.3% "Era"director.

Idaho Falls—Total subscriptions..792 subs. CHICAGO STAKE, DIVISION 12: President

David K.Benson—PercentDivisionof quota 4 156.9% John K. Edmunds; M.I.A. superintendent;

Mrs. Margery B. CotLogan—Total subscriptions... 675 subs. tarn, Hulme, Y.M. Y.W.M.I.A. presiJames E. Braddirector. ley, "Era"Ben Lomond—PercentDivisionof 5quota 181.3% dent;Ogden—Total subscriptions 832 subs.

Division 6 PHOENIX STAKE, DIVIPresident SION 13:

Price;Salt Lake—Percent of quota... 148.6% Robert

Broberg, Y.M.M.I.A.Emigration—Total subscriptions....648 subs. E.superintendent; WallaceJ. Ethel

Uintah—Double Divisioncitation winner7 Peterson,"Era"president;director.L.Y.W.M.I.A.L. Driggs,

Wasatch-—Special total subscriptions....122.7% 444 subs.

374 subs. SOUTHSTAKE, LOSDIVISIONANGELES14:

Division 8 Presidentsen; OwenJohnB. M.RobinIver-

son, Y.M.M.I.A. superWest Jordan—Double citation winner intendent and - 152.4% 663 subs. director; Mrs. Hortense"Era"

Cottonwood—-Special total subscripSteed,ident. Y.W.M.I.A. prestions 574 subs.

15: DIVISION PresidentProvo—Double Divisioncitation winner9 SACRAMENTO STAKE,

Stephen E. Busath; 137.6% 620 subs. Nephi R. Hacken,

superintendentUtah—Special total subscriptions610 subs. M.I.A.and "Era"Y.M. director (no

Moroni—PercentDivisionof quota10 155.0% photoMaudeM.I.A. available);president.Steinagel, Y.W.Mrs.

Deseret—Total subscriptions.477 subs.

(Continued on page 468) JULY 1946 431

SPIRITUALIZING fa S*dl:jUtii*

An address before the Cultural Arts By OSCAR A. KIRKHAM Session of June Conference,

Friday afternoon, June 7, OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY 1 946, in the Tabernacle

in men and women as they enjoy their Petrograd in its long siege. WhileTHEbeenLatterdayvitally interestedSaints inhavethe socialever place, paintings; it should invite the best years, he responded to the defense of

activities and have ever had a social recreation. fighting, on the walls of his beloved

strong desire to spiritualize them. In Julia Dean Hayne, one of the great home city, he went back to his barracks

artists in his there taking yesterday, of curtain Seventh a wrote famous and all fact, in in that righteousness do we call realistic at of the the Salt Theater, addressmusic most Symphony, Lakebefore the seek divine guidLord we critics. all times, the best ing world's said: so say President Young, favor. strength theance and know We faith in man. a had young Someoneand our which trust from will power the permit come me, in Heavname you goes along swinging boy The who

art, of high to appreciation speak Father.enly leaders I my always have my Our

his listens stick the to with and rhythm of the order reign that beauty and the activiappreciated of social value rat-a-tattat the the of he makes on I this that the throughout house. wouldties. Smith, Prophet, the formed Joseph

paint, the fence picket not but help may in purity for prevailed every temple in dramatica Brigsame company Nauvoo.

is artist the helping of tomorrow. teachings. the drama's He Erastus Young, Snow,ham and George

all. it feels enjoys the of rhythm and

A. Smith, and other great leaders of I congratulate the Canadian stakes; James Russell Lowell writes

the Church took part in the plays and Mesa, Arizona; Sacramento, San Ferthe social activities. Brigham Young, nando, South Los Angeles, and Los Every clod feels a stir of might, an inwith the vision of a prophet of the Lord, Angeles, California; Driggs, Idaho; and stinct within it that reaches and towers,

and realizing the vital part social activiGreat Falls, Montana; the Brigham and, groping blindly above it for light,

ties played in the life of the Saints, Young University with its Smith Memclimbs to a soul in grass and flowers.

planned for the entertainment and the orial Building; and other places, on the So the dormant powers within our

development of our people in the cullovely homes they have provided for young people respond and climb out of tural arts long before the Pioneers expression and enjoyment in our soprisoned walls and blossom in lives of reached these valleys. Rehearsals and cial activities. We of Salt Lake City leadership and fulness of life. May we

dances were invariably opened with must meet the great, present, urgent be able to furnish that much needed prayer. "The people must have amuseneed of "a temple to youth"which will light.

ment as well as religion,"said President include a worthy place for drama, dancThe director of personnel of one of

Young. "The playhouse should be as ing, and others of the arts. It would be our greatest western industries quotes

sacred as the temple, and may be made lovely if the building would express the a study of the Rockefeller Foundation, so by the conduct of those who are great memories and traditions of yester- "eightyfive percent of our success deengaged in it.". day in design and purpose, and give also pends on our relationships with peoTo live life at its very best, it is all the many conveniences of our great ple."We must have patience and wisnecessary to achieve skill in living. Our world of today. I am sure the young dom with our young people if we would

social activities are a vital part of us, people of this area are only waiting for spiritualize our social activities and and they must be spiritualized if we the word to be spoken, and they will do truly guide in the development of the would have them contribute to our detheir full part in bringing their dreams gifts within them.

velopment and happiness. John F. Alexand hopes to a beautiful fulfilment. Young men and women grow best unander has said: der responsibility with wise guidance

Would you be great and successful? \X/e must be wise, careful, and courtoward worthy objectives.

Then you must be gentle and brave and ageous in selecting and training In the field of their social expression generous and fearless and helpful—to love our leadership in these social activities. there are many opportunities for them

your fellows and God. To taste life deepJohn Stiles, the Scout Commissioner of to take on responsibility. We must

ly and to enjoy it to the full, you must live Canada told me recently of a great provide wise guidance. These young

sanely in body, with clear mind and social troop of Scouts in Western Canada. people should be used more!

and religious outreach. Their leader is a mounted police. At least half of our leadership in the

As we try to help in bringing these Said Stiles Mutual Improvement Association could ideals about, we should realize that He has no trouble in discipline. He's it. well be of their own age.

It is the record of our Church thatmuch depends on the environment—the He has no trouble in uniforming his

home of our activities. It should be the troop. He's it. He has no trouble in havmany Relief Society presidents, bishing the a trust. Scouts He's it. keep He of of presidents wards, stakes ops and clean, bestvery To be we can afford.

fill the to night goes through and storm their training the early in had have in deselectedcarefully color, beauty engagement. Spiritual ability strength His word is his bond. M.I.A. andsign,

it. He's in leadership as they came to themfor some comfort,privacy-—thesegood taste,shouldopportunitybe carehis

fully studied and made a part of the How fortunate are young people who worked in spiritualizing our social acrefinement of the environment, the have such leadership! Leaders must be tivities.

home of our activities. The building and patient and have faith in young men The Prophet David records in the

surroundings should express spiritualand women. Someone in faroff Russia 149th Psalm:

ity. If refreshments are served, they encouraged a young man in his musical Praise ye the Lord. Sing unto the Lord

should be served attractively, and the study. [Shostokovitch.] They were a new song, and his praise in the conhome should be made beautiful and careful and patient with him; and when gregation of saints.... Let them praise

attractive—the lounge with the firehis country called, although young in (Concluded on page 456)

432 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA By, PRESIDENT JOSEPH F. SMITH

J)ome (Lteentlald

in MISSIONARY WORK (From minutes of missionary meeting with the Presidency, the Council of the Twelve, and the First Council of the Seventy, and others, held in the Salt Lake Temple Annex, June 26, 1902, prior to

President Grant's departure for Japan.)

nants that we find it, but we so, if we do not know whereof we speak find it and have it in our own and why we go forth to preach the hearts and in our own minds. truth.

We must learn this or we will Now another thing, my brethren and be caught sometime off our sisters, I am a weak man, a very weak guard and will be overcome. man. I have many faults, many imper-

... The great thing is to get the fections, and many shortcomings. I

spirit of truth in your hearts, am by no means perfect, but the priestthe Spirit of God, and a true hood that God my Father has given to and faithful witness and testime is not imperfect; it is truth. Though

mony in your souls that you you may see my weaknesses and my have been called and sent forth imperfections, and may look upon me to preach Jesus Christ and him with some degree of contempt, likely in crucified and risen from the your minds, do not for a moment allow dead, the Savior of the world, yourselves to look with contempt or and the first fruits of the reslightly upon the position that God has urrection from the dead, and called me to. Don't you do it, for

that Joseph Smith, the Prophet though I may be a weak instrument in of God, was raised up in the the hands of the Lord, the Lord has put latter days to renew the coveme in the place I stand, in the order nant of Christ's baptism and that he has established, in the order of death and resurrection to the the kingdom, in the order of the priest-—Illustration by Fielding K. Smith world for their salvation and hood that he has instituted as the head.

deliverance from sin, and to Here are the brethren, the Twelve have been on a number of missions, permit them to come forth from the Apostles and the presiding Presidents

I andexperiencehave hadwithperhapsregard tosomemissionlittle resurrectionof life. If youofdothenotdeadknowto this,a newnessif you ofweaknessesthe Seventy;and imperfections,they all havebut theirthey

ary life and labors. There is one thing do not feel this in your hearts and beare apostles of the Lord Jesus Christ;

that I have found in my experiences lieve it with all your souls, I would not they are the presiding Seventy; they

that a missionary should learn, and that give the snap of my finger for your hold the Melchizedek Priesthood; they

is that he is engaged in God's work and ministry or missionary labors; it won't have authority from God. While we

not the work of men. That one fact is amount to the ashes of a rye straw. I may think these brethren have their

essential to a missionary in order to don't care how well you talk the lanimperfections and we could not worsucceed. Men who go out to preach guage or how pious you may be or what ship them, we are not called upon to

the gospel with the thought that they you may do, if you have not that spirit worship anybody except God and are able to do it themselves, and that in your hearts and do not believe the Christ. And while we may think they

it is only man that does that work, will truth yourselves, you cannot become are only human beings, the positions be mistaken, and they will be grievoussaviors to the world, they hold and stand in are most sacred ly disappointed whoever they are. A In the first place, become convinced, in the sight of heaven and must be held

man who undertakes to proclaim the if you are not already convinced, besacred by us. We must honor the callgospel of Jesus Christ of his own wiscome convinced that Jesus is the Christ, ings of these men; we must honor the

dom and knowledge, and in a boastful that he lives and is the Redeemer of priesthood that they bear. Why? Bemanner, will most emphatically fail. He the world. Know ye that Jesus Christ cause it is God's, because God has recannot do it. In proportion as we poshimself appeared to Joseph Smith and vealed it; God has instituted it; God

sess confidence in the Lord and confirenewed his covenant with men in the has established it; and it is for the govdence in his word, we will succeed in world, and Joseph Smith was the agent ernment of this Church; it is for the

our labors, and the only way in which chosen through God through which this work of the ministry; it is for the edifywe can succeed is by humility and subcovenant should be renewed to the ing of the body of Christ; it is for the

mission to the will and to the word of world. Learn this great and glorious building up of the kingdom of God and

the Lord as it may be made manifest truth, for it is a truth, and this is the the instruction of the people, that we to us. It isnecessary for us as missiontruth that you go to preach to the world, all come to a unity of the faith, and to

aries to make up our minds to get the The rest of the world preach the Bible, a knowledge of the Son of God, to the testimony of the spirit of God in our and in general some of them preach it perfect stature of Jesus Christ. God has

hearts, that we are called of God, that probably just as well as we can. Their instituted it; and that which God has

we have his truth, and that it is not only teaching of it would perhaps be just instituted, you and I must hold in rein the Bible, and in the Book of Moras acceptable to the world as anything spect and hold sacred, or by and by, mon, and in the Doctrine and Covewe could give, and perhaps far more {Concluded on page All)

JULY 1946 433 1/1/ond J>tabiuL V IN THE ATOMIC

the states national surrender By G. HOMER DURHAM, Ph.D. controlsWillsome over warfare, as

they have over communicaASSOCIATE PROFESSOR OF POLITICAL SCIENCE, tions, the length of a meter, and the UNIVERSITY OF UTAH delivery of foreign mail? The United

Nations step—in isthea atomicpitifullyage—inshort forwardthat dinew Europe"—andorder's millenniumthere are otherof "peaceexamplesin woundsThe worldneed bindingis sickup;untoits institutionsdeath; itsrection.

plentithe of forces stabilizing national of cupidity. require The conferences Hague of 1899 and

efforts, living. ful fruitful recent aside Despite and and economy World1907 this approached problem. "con- A is all the prerequisite the condition to Nations, to from United order appear we forvention pacific the settlement inof

live is in of international things. chaos. a these world Testament The Newternational disputes"was adopted—but sixty filled of are national the obligation about statements with peaceTherewithout effective an tribunal. naEach

in this in areas practical world, Christian as maintained such of matmen bytion still was considered final to be judge ters. of law systems power. and But many

itsof actions in fields those own that is there peacearea. world no Whenlead to conflict. armed agreed not They institution, the United collide, of human systems they any Natwo power Asato drop "missiles"from balloons for a

final to claim the righteous solution both tions be available as the to anperiod of three so; years or to abolish

their as to in "sovereign"instability bejudge of violent the what problemsoftnosed bullets (and inuse, now be. havior will reflect a should Needed: States System, system Modernstead, steeljacketed ones); other and

will this that international replace things chaos unsound. But sound and have werules agreed were in effort upon an to

its order. with of system influence only to course some a dechance The andtry to "humanize"prevent, war—not institutions in set this of available genmightily. American velopment The

it.outlaw, or control the Only League

it for eration cooperation nations the Constitution from as among concameof Nations tried to (1919) substitute is It is the reliNations. of stated conceivable United guarantees vention nointervention international by instituthat fear of liberty might atomic essential an or gious other produce war humantions. But cooperative action the by

it better another short system. of the other and freedoms. hand, But OnLeague under a doctrine of "collective

itself, that, either in or atomic slavery take recognized bewar human wesecurity"stillborn rendered was the by the present United the Nations from Lloyd which William Garopenlyings!—forabsence of certain great powers from

the organization and other inherent defects. And the Permanent Court of International Justice (the "P.C.I.J.") organized by the League was granted

jurisdiction over only such "cases as the parties may refer to it,"with a specific denial of the court's jurisdiction over socalled nonjusticiable questions.

What are these? Questions of national

honor, vital interests. Over these each

state insists on determining for itself.

By 1924 some twentythree small nations had accepted the principle of compulsory judicial settlement of all disputes. But the Senate of the United

States blocked American entry into the

P.C.I.J. at least thrice, even granted

the nonjusticiable jurisdiction of the court! And the other great powers refused to accept compulsory jurisdiction.

TThe BriandKellogg "Pact of Paris"SECURITY COUNCIL OF THE UNITED NATIONS, ( 1 927 ) brought together threewar, and make the best use possible of MEETING AT HUNTER COLLEGE, MARCH 1946.

by "Authenticated News"score nations in a solemn agreement it, or we get nothing—except the ac-—Photograph

renouncing war "as an instrument of cumulated behavior and customs acnational policy."But Mr. Kellogg anquired since 1648. It is too large an rison later said it was nothing less than

nounced that, of course, wars underissue to leave to custom and chance. The "a covenant with death and an agreetaken in selfdefense were not covered atomic bomb did not come from those ment with hell."Notwithstanding, the

by the terms of the pact! Accordingly lazy men's methods. It will require as Constitution contained the germs of

the Manchurian (1931) and China faithful, energetic support and the recontinental order, federalism, and men (1937) "incidents"were undertaken by fusal to be discouraged or rebuffed by quickly bent their efforts towards its

Japan in the interests of "lasting passing events, on the part of all peofuture, enlightened development, to perpeace"; Hitler plunged Europe into ple, particularly the American, to build fect a great bulwark of liberty under

war in the falsely alleged interests of a an effective United Nations. law. So it may be, with God's help, in

434 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ORGANIZATION OF THE UNITED NATIONS

SECURITY COUNCIL

AGE

MILITARY ATOMIC

STAFF CONTROL charthe Nations'of the United matter

COMMITTEE COMMISSION we, it were, ter order. and world As

today, are living in a year for the world, such as 1 789 proved to be for the scattered states of North America. Or, unlike that great success, we can mark

another failure in man's road forward.

The men of this world, as we preach GENERAL ASSEMBLY and believe, are all children of our Father in heaven (a favorite theme with

President George Albert Smith ). Jesus

taught that we are brothers, all. All

men face a notable opportunity and task in shaping the infant United Naaf- ECONOMIC tions destiny which a toward may INTERNATIONAL AND OF SECRETARIAT COURT for of expansion mission ford a world SOCIAL JUSTICE

COUNCIL painsprinciples, as those such sound takingly embraced after generations of effort in American constitutional federalism. If we can achieve this—and it The United Nations came into being on January 1, 1942, when twentysix nations

will require the same kind of stuff that jointly subscribed to the purposes and principles of the Atlantic Charter in Washington, after the to continue the cooperating end of pledged war. D.C., and will open the conquered desert—we nations signed the additional Charter. Nineteen have Christ, as fields for the of gospel new

at discussed Yalta. Charter at Dumbarton and and revised It was was Oaks The

at the outlined October Smith President fifty after in revision. the at nations Francisco meeting heavy 1945 signed San June by

conference, 1945. The Fiftyfirst nation, Poland, signed later.

five the majority of of the the Security permanent Council and a members When South to the the gospel preach We must ratification"of their "deposit the Charter other nations D.C., in Washington, had made scarcely countries which American we have

force. into to came gospel the touched. must preach We

United States was first to deposit on August 8, 1945. The Union of Soviet The been haven't section African every that we

last deposited the the Socialist needed, twentyninth Republics, and on October 24, 1945. to Asia. in the gospel yet. preach We must

in last 1945. 27, December on nation to come Belgium was the in all parts of and say I might go on And

the world where we have not yet been perSalaries are paid in the money of the country in which the organs meet.

mitted to go. I look upon Russia as one of The budget has to be approved by the General Assembly.

the most fruitful fields for the teaching of Costs are apportioned according to the ability of the country to pay.

the gospel of Jesus Christ. And if I am not The 1946 budget is $21,500,000.

mistaken, it will not be long before the people who are there will desire to know Security Council Security Council or not, can sit in with this the has about something which Security work without a vote if Council members: reEleven

lives of people. formed the that (Adso nation is being discussed. many Great Britain, China, France, Permanent:

dress delivered at the Saturday evening Russia, United States The Security Council may resort to force session general 116th semiannual of the its to instructions preserve through peace Netherlands year: Mexico, Egypt, *One

6, conference October 1945. Improvement to the Military Staff Committee. Brazil, Australia, Poland years: *Two

48:698.) Era

consecutive Permanent arrangement. are number. Meetings (*Beginning by

will evin three twentythree were be elected (There London, and The times call for faith, for modern arrangement:

first terms. the College year meeting at Hunter was ery year to two They may

Joshuas and Calebs! Pioneers in the not be reelected for consecutive terms.) number twentyfour.)

of international realm understanding affirmative vote. of vote nation has any seven one members Each member An

faith will leave the never who lack is matters. required procedural on assigns permanation one member Each of Missouris, Ohios, and Nauvoos

affirmative the representative. of vote can be replaced nent five permanent The (He

shattered hope to blaze trails of world by his nation at any time. Warren R. members must be included in the seven

stability! The Utah pioneers did not Austin has recently been named to repvotes on other matters.

reject the desert for its lack of water! resent the United States, replacing EdThe presiding rotates monthly according to

Our heritage has given us good experiward Stettinius on this council.) the English alphabetical order of the

ence in helping improve mankind's lot. The Security Council meets continuously names of the nations, (i.e., April, China;

If the United Nations is a seeming and must have a representative at headMay, Egypt; June, France; July, Great

"desert,"it can be made to "blossom as quarters at all times. Britain.)

the the methods. same "We Security Council member may Any rose"—by bring General Assembly

... that believe reearth the of its will be for discussion problems own. up

newed and receive its paradisiacal Any member of the United Nations can Fiftyone member nations glory."The United Nations—with bring a dispute before the Security CounEach member nation has one vote.

faith and works—can become of great cil. All fiftyone member nations have equal

assistance in attaining this great goal. Any nation, whether it is a member of the voice. (Continued on page 476)

JULY 1946 435

Jke S>tmcivireh

of my people, and having been commanded of the Lord that I should not suffer the records which had been handed down by our fathers, which were sacred, to fall into the hands of the Lamanites, { for the Lamanites would destroy them) therefore I made this record out of the plates of Nephi.8

This record, which Joseph Smith took from the Hill Cumorah in 1827, was eight inches long, six inches wide, and six inches thick. 9 It comprised two

independent records: the plates of

Mormon, which he made with his own hands; and the small plates of Nephi,

which he attached to his record. This

combined volume of plates Joseph Smith took from the Hill Cumorah. Part of the

record was sealed. The unsealed portion Joseph translated as the Book of

Mormon.

Source Material

'T'he history engraved on this combined record was derived from the personal observation of Mormon and

Moroni, and from four independent sets of historical plates: (1) the brass

plates, which Lehi brought from Jerusalem; (2) the small plates of Nephi,

which Nephi made with his own hands and which Mormon attached to his plates;M (3) the large plates of Nephi;

and (4) the twentyfour gold plates."

There are no facts from which we can draw a valid conclusion concerning the size of these four records, except in the

Theand Booksecularof historyMormonof isthreea religiousgroups thatye haveye shouldobservedrememberconcerningthe thisthingspeople;that werecase ofattachedthe smalltoplatesthe ofplatesNephi,of whichMorland the of that age go to and when ye are eight were plates of Mormon mon. The from the of people who migrated

13 called shall a hill which unto be Antum, inches wide. Unlong inches and six to the Americas: hemisphereeastern

I there the deposited Shim; unto and have of plates small Nephi the left doubtedly in 2247 Jaredites, B.C. the who

all concerning engravings the sacred Lord of for descriptions size, the same were the Nephitesthe of Babel; 1 (2) ( 1 ) Tower this shall the people. behold, take ye And had, Smith this record, which Joseph left in B.C. Lamanites, the 600 whoand replates yourself, the and of unto Nephi

a sizes of different mention two never of Lehi; leadership the underJerusalem in shall the place leave mainder where ye

plates. Mulekites, the plates shall Jeruthey engraveand ye are; and on the who left (3)

all These four sets of plates used by that the things have of these of Nephi B.C. yesalem 588 3 The history

peoples was translated by Joseph Smith observed concerning this people.* Mormon and Moroni as source material

from a set of gold plates prepared by Mormon followed instructions. In are interesting. The brass plates were

Mormon and Moroni about 384 to 420 345 A.D., he took the large plates of brought by Lehi from Jerusalem. They

A.D.* Nephi, undoubtedly a voluminous work contained the five books of Moses, and

also the hill engraved Shim then, from and The Plates of Mormon by... a record of the Jews from the beginhis people. thereon of a history 9 He

Mormon became interested in reckept these large plates of Nephi until ning, even down to the commencement of the also of king Judah; of Zedekiah, reign And he was ten 321 A.D., when aboutords his at time which 384 A.D., he made the prophets, from of the holy the prophecies 7 the Prophet that time old.years At plates record, the of Mormon. own the to commencement even beginning down

Ammaron came to him and said Commenting on his reason for makof the reign of Zedekiah.13

I perceive that thou art a sober child, and ing these plates, Mormon wrote Hbid,, 6:6

History Roberts, Comprehensive of the 9Brigham H. are Therefore, yeart to observe; when to quick pass that came when And it we 1930). (Salt News. Lake The Deseret had Church

I years old in would to the land gathered all our people twenty in one and four toabout the Study Sjodahl, Introduction 1:93; of City:An J. M.

City: (Salt Deseret Lake The Book Mormon of I, behold Mormon, began of Cumorah,

Press, 35146. 1927), Witnesses to be Newsthe for God, MJrigham H. Roberts, New

it old; 2 to struggle 19:1, be the last of 1:3-6; 9:3; and knowing 11:139. I Nephi 1911). "Words(Salt Mormonpp. News, Lake City: The Deseret

21 Nephi 1:4: I Nephi 2:1-4; III Nephi 2:6-8 "Ether 13:14; 15:33

sBrigham H. Roberts, New Witnesses for God,

11:163 mid.,*lbid., 2:16181:2-4 Bookvi], ofM.Mormon,Sjodahl, pp.An 3546Introduction to the Study of the

'Mormon 1:1-4: 6:5-6; 8:5, 6 ''Ibid., 6:5. 6 13I Nephi 5:1213

436 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA oftL BOOK OF MORMON Though Mormon and Moroni did not dSuw <=A.eianaoLetand J4./v. rv /onion

use the brass plates directly in the prepHEAD OF ENGLISH DEPARTMENT, WEBER COLLEGE, AND MEMBER OF GENERAL BOARD, aration of their record, the first Nephi made abundant use of them when he DESERET SUNDAY SCHOOL UNION engraved the religious history of his people on the small plates of Nephi, the Knowing General Structure Aids of the Book of Omni, and Mosiah, the record his attached which to Mormon original Reading writer of the of Book Mosiah. 1*

plates. the of beHe inserted Words Mormon "D ecause of the plates small of Nephi The were made these manner in which Mortween to books two show by the first Nephi, who wrote that the mon and Moroni worked with these connection between the history on thethe fulness of his intent was to persuade four records of two distinct civilizasmall plates of Nephi and the history men "to come unto the God of Abrations, the record engraved on the plates on the large plates of Nephi. Mormon's

in ham, of Isaac, and the two God Mormon violated and the God of definitely the places a Words of Mormon show 16 principle of composition. fundamental be saved."and of Jacob, connection between the Book of Omni

Nephi received specific instructions Two breaks in chronological sequence and the Book of Mosiah, between the from the Lord to use the small plates inhibit an understanding of the narrasmall plates of Nephi and the large of Nephi for a record of the ministry tive. plates of Nephi. This knowledge of

and the prophecies. This record was The two violations are to be found why Mormon put the Words of Morkept by nine prophets over a period apin the Words of Mormon and the Book mon between these two books aids to

proximately four hundred seventy of Ether. Mormon, who wrote the intelligent reading of the Book of Moryears, or until about 130 B.C., when it Words of Mormon, lived nearly five mon.

was delivered in its completed form to hundred years after the original writers {Continued on page 474)

King Benjamin."

The large plates of Nephi gave an account of the secular and religious history of the Nephites over their entire period of history, approximately one thousand years, or from 600 B.C. to

420 A.D., the last recorded date in the

Book of Mormon."

The twentyfour gold plates were prepared by Ether, a Jaredite prophet.

They give a history of the Jaredite civilization, which flourished in North

America for over 1600 years. This record was discovered by the people of

Limhi in the land of Desolation."

Use Made of Plates Mormon abridged the entire history of the Nephites and Lamanites as it appeared on the large plates of Nephi. He

engraved this history on the plates of

Mormon in the reformed Egyptian language. 19 When he had completed his

abridgment of the large plates of Nephi down to the reign of King Benjamin, he searched among the records and found the small plates of Nephi. 20 Profoundly

impressed with their message, he attached them to his record, the plates of

Mormon.

Moroni took from the Hill Cumorah the twentyfour gold plates, which contained the history of the Jaredite civilization from 2247 B.C. to 600 B.C.

These plates he abridged as the Book of Ether.

"IINephi. chapters 1224 inclusive

I Nephi 6:4

16Words of Mormon 1:10; Omni 1:30

"Moroni 10:1

lsMosiah8:9; 21:27

19Mormon 9:32

20Words of Mormon 1:3-6

JULY 1946 437 listing their radio "Program PreStanley Rees, or one of their coduction formulas, the halfhour proINview"in the issue of May 27, the workers is at the custombuilt radio gram is made to time out to that all editors of Time called the Salt Lake panel in the booth at the southwest end important final splitsecond.

Tabernacle broadcast "one of radio's of the Salt Lake Tabernacle, as pro- "Never during all the years of this finest sustaining programs."gram technicians. Time was when the broadcast has it ever been said on the

Thus has come further acknowledgprogram was monitored "in the dark"air that copies of these comments could ment of the growing popularity of a by remote control from the KSL be had on request,"says Richard L, unique broadcast which this month studios. Then there was one microEvans, and yet thousands write, and

marks its seventeenth anniversary, and phone connected by a single circuit their requests for copies of the spoken begins the eighteenth continuous year with KSL. Today the operator has word are always filled.

'SU tL CROSSROADS of iL WEST"

on the air, and which is said to be the eleven microphones, which he opens at What has been the reason for the oldest continuously presented, comwill, to obtain a combination which success of this broadcast from the munityproduced, nationwide sustainbrings out the best tonal modulations Crossroads of the West? Perhaps,

ing program in the history of American for the radio audience. On Sunday quoting again, it has been because

radio. morning he'll watch the musical score everyone who participates has "tried

The Program Today and continuity as closely as any of the to keep in mind that radio, no matter musicians will, but on Thursday night how impersonal it may sometimes seem, /*hoir rehearsals begin every Thurshe takes notes on how best to operate creates an intimate relationship between day night at 7:30 sharp. Everything the panel on Sunday morning. the broadcaster and the listener—a rethat can possibly be reduced to routine Equal strides have been made by lationship whereby the listener permits

has been taken care of by a staff and the choir as a group in keeping personus to come into his home, which is a secretaries before J. Spencer Cornwall, al contact with the over three hundred sacred trust of which we are at all

choir director, or Richard P. Condie, fifty members of the organization. The times mindful."

present assistant choir director, calls Tab, monthly newspaper edited by And whether this is the combination for order. Lester F. Hewlett, president choir members for choir members, has or not, this broadcast is earnestly

of the choir, is there. It is his responsirecently completed its first year of pubawaited by millions of listeners each

bility to care for the many business delication. It contains the official anweek, throughout America, and in

tails and arrangements that are essential nouncements of the organization as many far countries.

smooth funcmaintenance the and to well as quotations from recent audience Some Broadcast History organization. tioning of so large an The mail, personal items about members and

music for the choir and organ is of the choir. T/"FPT, predecessor of the present

planned one to two months in advance. The radio program receives no comKSL, began broadcasting from the

Salt Lake Tabernacle with the October Alexander Schreiner or Dr. Frank W. plete rehearsal. The organ selections,

Asper is at the console of the organ; the choir numbers, and the "spoken 1924 general conference. This began

Richard L. Evans is standing by, someword"are put together for the first, a long series of locally popular features

will and be polished J. ity—whichtimes with a rough draft of his continulast, and only time on the air on Sunfrom the tabernacle.

tiring, reday morning—and by long tested proGladeThroughthe NationalnegotiationsBroadcastingby EarlComhours of polished in long, work

at all hours of the day and night bepany, with which KSL was affiliated in tween then and actual broadcast time A PORTIONACCUSTOMEDOF THEPLACESCHOIR MEMBERSIN READINESSIN THEIR the late 'twenties, became interested in

FOR A BROADCAST the possibility of a network program Sunday morning. C. Richard Evans,

by Leland Van Wagoner—Photograph

438 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA originating from the tabernacle. An After the broadcast had been in all during the troublesome early period

Associated Press story datelined Salt progress something over ten months of the Church, music proved to be an

Lake City, July 6, 1929, read: as a weekday concert feature, Richard important morale builder.

Bishop Sylvester Q. Cannon of the presid- L. Evans joined the program as anThe first choirs to sing on Temple

ing bishopric of the Latterday Saints nouncer, writer, and producer, and over Square did so before there was a temChurch and officials of N. B. C. have the years a slow evolution has taken ple or a tabernacle there. They raised

closed negotiations to broadcast nationally place, first from an occasional paratheir voices in the early boweries built from the famous Mormon Tabernacle. graph explaining the background of a on that block. In 1 852 the adobe buildWeekly coastto-coast programs will be Mormon hymn, to the presentday ing now referred to as the "Old Taberpresented, starting late in July.... sermonette or "spoken word."nacle"was completed and dedicated,

The Newark, New Jersey, Call, of The choir continued to broadcast on and John Parry, who had been conductJuly 14, 1929, says: various weekday afternoons, including ing choirs in the bowery, transferred his

building. to the AssemThe Friday, it group and new Tuesday, and

three choir of to Monday, voices hundred attuned A ocstands ground policy signon the bly Hall in a now was the announcer's the in giant pipe organ City, Salt Lake

Utah, will launch one of the most pretentious off statement at the end of the early cupied by this tabernacle. Elder Parry

series of vocal programs ever undertaken on programs to thank the employers of the was succeeded as choir leader by the air over the coastto-coast network of choir members for allowing them to Stephen Goddard, who was followed

witk "MUSIC tL SPOKEN WORD aJ

the National Broadcasting Company totake the time off from their work to by James Smithies, who in turn was morrow night. make the broadcast. succeeded by Charles J. Thomas.

The Call listed the selections for the When KSL Joined the Columbia The first meetings were held in the broadcast as: Broadcasting System, September 1, present tabernacle during the first week

1932, the Salt Lake Tabernacle broadof October 1 867, at the general conferChorale from "Die Meistersinger".. cast made the change of networks at ence of the Church. At the first session

Wagner furthe conference of that did. music was time Septemthe same as KSL On

Lund Choir, conducted by Anthony C. Springof Payson, the choirs after less the nished by than 4, 1932, ber a week

(firstSonata Minor movement) in B Flat ville, first Fork, Utah. Spanish given, last and the program was NBC

the first leader of Sands Robert the broadcasts was morning Boslett of Sunday was solo, P. Kimball Edward Organ in the regularly choir sang the which the Broadcasting released Columbia by

The Morning Breaks Careless System. It was in anticipation of this Salt Lake Tabernacle. He was followed Choir

change to a Sunday schedule that the by George Careless, Ebenezer Beesley,

An Old Melody Arranged by Kimball recommendations were made to adopt Evan Stephens, Anthony C. Lund, and Organ

director, Cornthe present has which formula present the program J. Spencer

Finale from "Elijah". Mendelssohn actothers, assistants, wall. and to be so widely "Music come known as Many Choir

here not conductors and organists, and the Spoken Word from Temple ing

Pilgrim's Chorus from "Tannhauser"notable mentioned Square."by name, have made Wagner

Many of the program's pioneers are contributions. Organ

no longer actively affiliated with it. Ivor The Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir has

With daylight saving time in operaSharp is now manager of KSL. Lester been invited to make many trips to sing

tion in some parts of the country, the F. Hewlett has succeeded David A. their music, notably to the Columbian

broadcast had been made at 3:00 to Smith as president of the choir. PresiExposition at Chicago in 1893; but un-

3:30, Mountain Standard Time, Mondent J. Reuben Clark, Jr., has succeeded til the coming of the radio, the organizaday afternoon, July 15. Earl J. Glade, the late Sylvester Q. Cannon as presition was to be enjoyed mainly by the

manager of KSL, announced the receipt dent of the Radio Service Corporation Church and by tourists who happened of congratulatory messages from New of Utah. to be in Salt Lake City. Certainly, it

York, San Francisco, and other distant remained for the radio to carry the muplaces. Some Choir History sic of the Tabernacle organ to those

in the visit City. up"Salt Lake not TabThe "pick could in Salt Lake who

first for theernacle de- '"Phe Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir is program the story complete of the was day Some scribed as "perfect"by eastern reprethe most famous of many such orSalt Lake Tabernacle organ and choir sentatives of NBC, but some time after ganizations in a Church that has a long and broadcast may be written, and the first organ selection an annoying and interesting story in the field of when it is, the names of all the people in the delighteth music. "For my soul"line disturbance so bad hum"grew that should be mentioned—conductors, the the heart; yea, the song of song ofthat stations in cut the east the organists, assistassistant conductors, NBC

off the program, and substitute music righteous is a prayer unto me, and it ant organists, sopranos, altos, tenors, was filled in by the New York studios. shall be answered with a blessing upon basses—librarians, secretaries—anHowever, by the time the second Montheir heads"(D. & C. 25:12) reads nouncers, technicians, radio executives,

day radio program from Temple Square part of a revelation received by Joseph church and civicminded men, each a had come, the technical difficulties had Smith when the Church was three vital link in the success that this probeen overcome, and the broadcast was months old. gram has attained—the list of their

well received in the homes throughout A choir sang at the dedication of the names alone will be longer than the the nation and by the newspaper reKirtland Temple in Ohio in 1836. space allotted to this article.

viewers the following day. Choirs were organized at Nauvoo, and—A. L. Z., Jr.

JULY 1946 439

FOUR DAYS WAS *J\

I up. feel the the light could sound coming I laughed with

I could out, but hear at the I went no sound. embarTimerest wasof thewhencrowd

rassing mishaps of the deaf. I was into a room where there were others, By

current myself jokes walking at all theduly on tiptoe, I found and amused I L I T H all quiet L to disturb reluctant the funerealtold at their expense. this has But

I of the room. changed.been do more Not any SANFORDlaugh, four not since those days I was "Is desperately ill, or dead? someone

almost totally deaf. Why are they so quiet?"RUSHING

"Come into my country, my friend. The room had an atmosphere of a

Come in and look around!"an imaginahome where there's been a tragedy, and

tive the clan of might deaf member there as occasionally a only sound was I'd death. his take years before few passsaid to me.have "Here's your if inadvertently dropped had feel to time every him out make dayport. carefully step follow and Now thoughtlessly. an out spoken isolated. his closer so family not to and someoneobject—orme."

I I to. could the exspoken measure was visit I'd totally the often old man, more

I in. else nothing There walked was tent the in of trying energy speaker by take deaf, door, lived next and who that then, do,I could not hapknowing to his hear at make by me trouble the to converse with him by

I inpily return could days, four rescued lip his throat, seemovement I writing. enjoyed he remember how lookingand—and I in science. medical hereby So was faint ing in the his eyes. impatience I little time spent with precious what

still,the the land of councalm deaf—a

him. tall their forest treestry where shook stifled this invisible T Talf under fell silently, to leavesbranches where A I to deaf 'VT'ou kind persons of deafness, be blanket can looked back flewthe birds soundlessly, ground and

I past over the those of kindthat using brand among when without was song. a Birds withover without you

deaf. at the mistakes the of that sticks ness a sore thumb. out like in song!out Everything this land was amused

I recall I attended a party For example, mailextra taking I remembered anlike smart, notes black musical on white paper but with no musical instrument order catalog we had received to a when I was about sixteen. Tommy, a

or skilled fingers at hand capable of neighbor who was almost deaf. How cripple, who went about on crutches

present. cheerily, briskly and was tried for to she hard it, and pay We me theirstirring beauty. dormant A blank

selling to "pawns,"and were I ear, Tommy in shouting her screamed how quietness of shutwall great me in—a forfeit his to "run asked redeem was free, that it Finally free, was FREE.forest of verdure. soundless

But coming from the imaginative she smiled patiently, disappeared in her around the house with Maisie Kelly."

big heart big boy, a whose was bringing kitchen soon returned and me Lester, to the prosaiczone everyday—sparalso, cried out, give "Why, drink. Tommy a warm against door, screenrows flew my back doesn't another to be want one—he I laughed moderately theninsistent and much crumbs, imand tapped about

patiently—or were they tapping? I harder after I got home. I'm asking runnin''round the house!"

couldn't hear the tapping; I could see God to forgive me for that heartlessBut Maisie, with the daffodilcolored

only their movements. ness now, for I failed to ask his forhair, the most popular girl in our

My cat came to me, a question in his giveness then. It is a sad truth that neighborhood, cried out, "Good night,

is going with me! He for the part, people, Tommy most be quite Lester, can as to a feather me as softlyeyes—came

getting the us 'round can beat any of deaf, the cruel to consciously are yet breeze. sound.wafted in the No No

plaintive mewing for his breakfast! I kind to the blind or otherwise handihouse!"

turned on the radio and saw the dial capped. For example, I didn't realize And Maisie took Tommy's arm, and

how unkind I was when I laughed at they redeemed the pawn, but I saw that the woman who brought me tea when Lester's untactful words took some

I said the word "free."brightness from Tommy's evening.

I wasn't much more than a child at Lester had used the brand of kindness the time, but still when my blind cousin that "sticks out,"and usually this came to see me, I did everything I brand hurts the handicapped because it to devaluate the extent a tendency to father could make had has her happy.My

capabilities. of his I can understand given a gentle ride mare I could me

whenever the notion struck me. So I'd now, years later, why little Maisie was

put Gladys on the horse with me, and our most popular girl.

how much fun we had, dashing through That first afternoon sitting in the the pasture. crowded waiting room of the ear, eye,

"Do you want to ride in front and nose, and throat specialist, I first exfeeling of the uncomfortable the to saddle hold or behind horn and perienced

I in the large the a group. deaf had to hold horn?"asking I remember my

feverish uneasiness can of a person who her.

see yet them. not hear "sounds"and gales laughter of bring This would

nervousness. with jumpy I was The time. her every from I can Even now

in the ears I saw; but was my I bustlings this recall minute the happiness and

funerealquiet. sensations These two I received knowing from making was

I lips dovetail. moving, see could child blind the If there happy. been didn't had

I tried couldn't hear but I word. a I child about, a deaf taken would have

the same trouble? I doubt it. reading Lips but grew confused. The

office girl, a smile on her friendly face, sins realize of not omisour do We side pencil pad. with to came and my

sion against the deaf than any more lips her only could moving, but I saw if sins of our commission. I could Now at saying. guess she I gave what was

live of the there past pages over some her her told address and and name my

I'd differently. a things be few would do I alsatisfied her, come. This had why

I would be so much more patient though I saw others glancing at me—Illustration by Fielding K. Smith with my father who was quite deaf a curiously. {Concluded on page 471

440 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

make Brad take his old job back on the

Clarion! I am."

"Oh, yes,"Cathy had answered airily. "I'm getting the featured dress from

Hg* the Emporium window!"And then

when her conscience stung her, she added, "If it isn't sold by tonight."

She'd seen Elaine's eyes gleam suddenly, maliciously, and Cathy had known she was thinking how right the feature dress was for Cathy, how upto-theminute its lovely lines—the very

prettiest dress the Emporium had displayed in the window in many a day, and it looked like it was made exactly for Cathy. A dream of a dress!

"How... interesting,"had been

JOHN Elaine's only comment as she moved away, throwing a smile over her shoulder at Cathy.

/\nd now she was in the shop! The size would be right, but—

andstant—surelya spark ofthehopecolorlit wouldn'tup for ansuit.inThe hope glowed brighter as she remembered also that Elaine had bought

her dress for the party up in the city, quite reported to be a dress. it was u4 2>reii and

.. thought, Maybe. Cathy. And then

"That's silly of me. She won't have to

wear it tonight if she doesn't want to.

just buy it and keep it. Of CAN BE IMPORTANT She can

course, that's what she'll do!"

v Skort J>kort J>tom 'phoneIn exactlyrang fromtwelvetheminutesladies'hershop.creditIt

was Nell, all business this time. "Will

By RUTH D. HUGHES and MOLLY KNOLL you okay a charge, please?"

"Name?"Cathy faltered.

"James Croft. Elaine, purchaser.

picked up the tele- "Then I'll keep my fingers crossed,"Amount, $39.75."phone onc>athyher desk in the Emporium's Nell said encouragingly. "Oh, say—The original price of the feature

credit department, smiling the little halfHer little gasp of dismay was audible dress! And Nell's tone confirmed

smile that had kept her lips soft and upover the 'phone. "Elaine Croft just Cathy's fears.

curved all day. walked into the store.""Just a moment."Blinded by sudden

"Women's Shop,"she told the "Elaine Croft!"Cathy whispered, tears, Cathy thumbed through the

switchboard, and her voice was upand dropped the receiver with a little charge ledger for the Croft sheet. In

swung, too, her eyes warm with supthud. Her smile ducked completely out the little town's one department store,

pressed excitement. Today Brad was of sight and a worried pucker took its Mr. LeRoy was the only one, usually,

to approve charges, but he had givencoming home to stay! Tonight—the big place. Elaine was as tiny and brunette

strict orders for his absence.welcomehome party! She had to get as Cathy was tiny and blonde—size Cathy

that dress. nine, too! She had, Cathy knew, come "Follow the ledger sheets exactly

Now she spoke in the hushed tones into the Emporium that day with just and you won't get into trouble,"he'd of a conspirator to Nell, the ladies'one thing in her mind. said. "I use my discretion sometimes

wrap girl. "Is it still there?"Cathy moaned softly. She had known and stretch a point, but don't you,

"Still in the window,"Nell assured very well the moment she'd left Elaine Cathy. Follow the code no matter who

her. "Several wanted to try it on, but after their casual encounter on the or what. If it turns out badly, I'll take

lucky you!—there's hardly a girl in street at lunch time, that she'd made a care of it later, but there shouldn't be

town that can get into a size nine."sad mistake. But it had been such a any trouble...."He'd gone on his

"I know."Cathy gave a little sigh of temptation! harassed way, leaving Cathy somerelief. "That's why Miss Noel said Elaine had used the supercilious what bewildered. Thus far, however,

she'd mark it down after today—if it manner she always had for Cathy, parteverything had gone perfectly.

wasn't sold."ly because their families were so opNow she held the Croft ledger sheet

"Well, I don't think there's a chance posite, financially speaking, Cathy supin her hand, and a wild hope was makit will go. The day's about over, and posed, but mostly because Elaine had ing her heart beat faster. There in the

besides, everyone already has new been envious that Brad Whitlow liked upper corner, as plain as day, was the stuff for tonight. Why don't you just Cathy. code, which, translated into credit

come get it now?"lingo, meant: "Positively do not charge "Can't,"Cathy said. "I'm in charge nW,hat are you wearing to additional merchandise."

of credits today. Mr. LeRoy went out Brad's party tonight, Cathy? SomeCathy squinted and looked again.

of town."thing to put Chesterton on the map and ( Concluded on page 452

JULY 1946 441!';:*x;:.ft.,;.,,**

1 Teard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt

Lake Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio network through ksl and the columbia broadcasting system

By RICHARD L EVANS every Sunday at 11:30 a.m. Eastern Daylight Saving Time, 9:30

a.m. Central Standard Time, 8:30 a.m. Mountain Standard Time,

and 7:30 a.m. Pacific Standard Time.

7> cure"thus recommended—"honest work, which we intend Work—Jke Ljrandram Utare getting done.""Why stand ye here all the day idle?"

—May 5, 1946.

4* And about the eleventh hour he went out, and found others standing idle, and saith unto them, Why stand ye here all the day idle?"1 Surely in some ways it would \Jn @5eina a Ljood l/l/lotker

seem again to be "about the eleventh hour,"and surely we may ask again of any of us to whom it applies: "Why Tt is always appropriate to comment on the glorious theme

stand ye here all the day idle?"In our great need for of motherhood, although it would be difficult to add anyemphasizing some of the things which the Ten Commandthing to the halo that already surrounds this name, so noble

ments tell us not to do, we may sometimes forget some of have been the traditions, and so deeply cherished in our the things which they positively instruct us to do, among hearts are the memories of the mothers of men. Of course,

them: "Six days shalt thou labour, and do all thy work.""not all mothers have lived up to the highest ideals of their

It is nowhere recorded that the Creator of this world insacred trust; nor have all children; nor have all fathers. To

tended man to live without labor; it is nowhere recorded some, motherhood has been seemingly not much more than

that any of us is exempt from the injunction to work, unless a troublesome obligation, or an unwanted duty, to be gotfor good and unavoidable cause. Of course there are ten over with as quickly and with as little inconvenience as

always among us those who, by reason of age, have finished possible. But those mothers who have inspired the lofty

their more active years and have earned their rest; and tributes of this day, and of all past years, have been those

there are those who, by reason of incapacity or misforto whom motherhood has been a lifelong career of loving tune, are unable, at one time or another, to pursue their service and sacrifice. No doubt we have taken much for

labors. But for those of us who are able and in the active granted where mothers are concerned. Too often we have

years of life, to refrain from performing useful service assumed that being a good mother is one of those things without good because we have the means that just happens. We go along training our girls for cause—perhaps

to live without working, or perhaps because we have the every other conceivable thing in the world, and suddenly asurance that someone else will take care of us whether that time of life comes when they marry and make homes we work or not, or for some other no better reason of their own and find themselves in the role of mothers, would seem clearly to be out of keeping with both the wideeyed and wondering as to the years to come. Of

spirit and the letter of divine intent, of social obligation, course, intuition and love and necessity do much to redeem and of good sense. And it would seem that there would the situation; but we may well ask ourselves whether we

be few among us but who at this time and at all times, are justified in doing so much more for lesser careers, to the would want to contribute to the needs and progress of the neglect of the greatest career that ever has or ever will world, each according to his strength and abilities, whether be open to any woman—for, however trite it may be to say

of mind or of hand, of thought or of sinew. Some centuries it, and however many times it may have been said, the

ago it was written: "God sells us all things at the price of future of the world lies in the hands of its mothers. As

labor."3 And happiness and contentment and sweet sleep they rear and nurture and teach their children—or fail to

are among those things which are rarely purchased at any do so—so may we expect the future to be fashioned. Ultiother price. "Work,"said Thomas Carlyle, "is the grand mately, the bond that holds the world together as a respectcurekind—honestfor all thework,maladieswhichandyoumiseriesintend thatgettingeverdone."*beset manAnd integrityable and ofstablethe home,socialin organization,which familiesis respectthe authorityand cherishand

if there be any of us who are idle and miserable and who and care for their own, and in doing so learn to respect wonder what is wrong with us and the world and with and cherish and care for others. Blessed is the home in

things in general, it may be well for us to try the "grand which there is the ministering spirit of a good and intelli- 1 Matthew 20:6 gent and devoted mother. And blessed is the nation that

20:9 2Exodus

Leonardo da Vinci, Notebook, 1500 A.D. has such homes to give it strength.

4Thomas Carlyle, address in Edinburgh, April 2, 1866—May 12. 1946.

442 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mmmi

JKeconcitlation, with <JJeatk Ccomedu to Jfaaedu

counterfeit humor of kind us a is prevalent among HPhere somehow touched been have but of us who are fewHpHERE

It reminder. occasional an need which concerning we closely by touched been not have death. may Some by to person from that passes humor is of socalled the kind our along somewhere it, but vigil withit kept have yet nor

for a story a bad mistaken has someone because person near and someone of bereft sorely are us oflives, most its principal as indecency has which story a joke. it But face good meet will day some all us of cherished—anddeeply

listening though even humorous, is genuinely not ingredient death accept could that feel of we us most Perhaps face.to has after someone laughter into loud often break groups seem often if not it did love for those we and ourselves for

yarns of writer the the entertainer, it one. so told The speaker, when But untimeliness. we rebel with such to come the aside on you who draws or the man anecdotes, and may But readiness. we wishes or our our little considers

to to resort if they have humorists merely fake are with street, to part willing be would we ourselves when ask well a laugh. to get in order or indecent suggestive things is there among love. who And we part from those or to them to trying make stories and offcolor in such our out Dragging measure trust to would judgment we whose us

the is it merely really isn't humor; point to a to have seem for men mere terrible be would decisions lives? Such

great for a substitute is It spurious a of humor. prostitution forthem; making spared are fortunately we But make. someit when is to away walk stop to good art. a way ours. And And than higher wisdom by are made they tunately

story a bad mistaking of error the in persists common one inconsolable us, visitations among its makes death when will no be there audience, is If there no yarn. for good a There place. no have should bitterness rebellious grief and

in minds the indelibly stick stories such recital. Sometimes death facts. when Even irrevocable with quarrel no be must harm farreaching do and impressionable, and the young of avoidable, and unnecessary seem which events by comes highminded sensitive, to offense are an they always the and Indeed, help. cannot what accept we to learn must we indispensis an humor keenwitted subtle, Clean, people. those of we death the follow can that blessing greatest mistaking but freedom; of heritage great of our part able peace. is But it there no Without reconciliation. is love no is has funny that something for filthy is that something memories. And quickened and thoughts quiet it come with line dividing the us. mark place To among legitimate reconciled? What except become shall do a else man what times, difficult at is notably tragedy and comedy or between touch cannot he fighting what serve by he does purpose obscenity to real line comedy from the cross trust but we to when have change? cannot he what We upon brooding by from people of kinds are two There is tragedy. thing is it one—that but things, and so for many the God Lord

is the one spared: like to be should association we to whose death, and life and of issues in the trust him to more

it difficult find because we humor, of sense no with man purposes and promises plans his and that fact the accept the man the other—infinitely and him; worse—is to enjoy life. this With of this and world of bounds the transcend

the befouls he because of humor, sense perverted a reconciliation with and peace kind, and are years the faith such goes. he wherever atmosphere intellectual and moral their loved rest ones—to laid have those to who come do 1946. 19,—May of us, and from far removed not are death, in even who,

York. Brothers, Harper New Word. 6 the Spoken the book And from ""Revised until meet we mindful will be in heaven Father our whom 1945. Copyright

again, even as we are mindful of our own children. Bitter

grief without reconciliation serves no good purpose. Death

comes to all of us, but so does life everlasting!

—May 26, 1946.

Copyright, 1946.

JULY 1946 e r rauer DL By RHEA SMITH

did not rise earlyjust in M,.ariontime to prepare a simple breakfast for Cliff, her husband, and Joe, who

was in the first grade. She hurried

around in a last minute rush to get them off to a good day's start. She could

have managed better by getting up a little earlier. But she did not. There was

the same hurried confusion each morning just so that she could get a few more minutes of precious sleep.—Illustrated by A. H. Lewis

She had just bade them goodbye and picked up the morning paper to scan through it, when the bedroom door, things to wash for Mrs. Call, her neighwhich entered into the kitchen of their bor who was ill. Marion insisted on

small apartment, opened slowly. It was doing it although Mrs. Call objected. It references that will give all the informathree-yearold Ann who could reach the wasn't much extra trouble as long as tion."door from her bed. Marion was a little she had to wash for her own family so "Well, if I can do it justice—

annoyed that her few minutes with the often. "There's no one better,"Sister Peters

paper were so short. But when she saw It was nearly two o'clock when she reassured her.

Ann's sparkling blue eyes and radiant had finished the washing and had So on the way home, Marion stopped smile through the door, she laughed scrubbed the kitchen floor. "I'm so tired at the library for some books. When

aloud and caught the little girl in her I could drop,"she told Ann. Then she they got home, Joe was home from

arms. remembered she hadn't eaten since school sitting glumly on the couch.

"Ann wants breakfast,"the child debreakfast. It was no wonder she was "S'matter, Pal?"Marion asked.

manded. These Were the first words she weary and Ann had grown fretful. "I got lonesome."He was nearly in

uttered at the beginning of every day. "Let's play dinner,"Ann coaxed tears.

You could depend on it like clockwork. when she saw luncheon preparations. She ruffed his hair. "Get your coat

"Little brother's awake, too,"she in- "Say, O.K., Mommie."on and go play out in the fresh air

formed her mother. "O.K., Angel,"Marion laughed. Ann awhile."

Marion heard the little fellow gurgset her own small table. The two ate "I go, too,"Ann piped.

ling and bouncing around in his basket. their lunch happily and chattered con- "Have a happy time,"Marion called

She pushed his small bed into the kitchfidentially. to them as they went off together for

en. "Hi, Butch,"she called to him. Bobby woke and needed to be fed. a romp outdoors.

a WithLittle broad responded Bobby his vegetables him gave Marion which Ellis rooted children and came Thegrin.

all himself. he smeared over had She alin garage. the were around They in table left the the baby by Marion to thoroughly him he wash had when chilhelping the to themselves ways dish of ahis served basket and Ann finished. "If weren't such a happy you playthings, dren's never they and juice. glass a ofcereal orange Then and little off I'd for fellow, trade a you new to usually back. brought them had Joe lap played her the and onshe held baby I I'll hat. spring guess keep you,"But up. time This out round them go and she while talked to him andwith him him. told at she grinned back Bobby It wagon. they took good a Joe's was breakfast.ate her own squealed. her and interfere. time to eaten, she dressed she had When

living tidied the room, and Marion things play alone "Leave Joe's and into curls hair and her brushed andAnn little in tots the she then bundled two It called them. with she to your own,"it. in ribbon She redtied bright a

cleared the table, washed and dried the their warm clothes and wheeled Bobby sounded worse than she meant.

in his carriage to the store to do some will,"for the said they feedingdishes, and put a fresh mixed and "Wfe marketing.

in his the for garage. It time back wagon Theythe baby. was nearly

bath. She went to the bedroom for his skipped out to the front yard.

fresh clothes. While there she quickly In the store she met Sister "I'm glad they took it all right,"she

made the beds and dusted the room. Peters. "Marion, will you help me with thought.

She always bathed Bobby on the my lesson at Relief Society Tuesday?"Then she heard a child screaming

kitchen table. Ann climbed on a chair "I don't know whether I'm capable loudly. She ran to the door. It was

at the end of the table to watch. of it."little Dickie Lee. The Ellis children

"I really shouldn't ask you to; you're had pushed him against a tree and were

JJobby had his nap, and while so busy with your little family, but you teasing him unmercifully. She was so

he slept Marion washed the accumulatell things in such an interesting way. angry, she dashed out of the house like

tion of clothes. There was an extra big The topics will only take two or three a shot. "If you kids can't play nicely,

wash today. She had collected a few minutes to deliver. I have some good (Concluded on page 454)

444 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THEY DREAMED WITH POWER THE "MORMON"PIONEERS THE CLOUDS

By Ruby B, Andersen By James J. Unopulos, Jr. By De Veaux Jackson Townsend

Emblazoned by valor is this westward * I 'here are many stories told today "T)ink and blended purple, bluegreen lined, way * Of intrepidity; - with tufted windflung edges, as lofty

Where intrepid souls of yesterday They whisk us to the battlefray unfurled banners they sheet themselves

Pushed back an empire's horizon line. And make hearts beat rapidly; across a quiet sky.

This panelled road and the powerwhine But of all stories in which rings

Of enginedeagles as they fly The tale of hopes and fears, Like sentinels they watch, and shift their

And twinsteel rails that stretch nearby Foremost to us is that which sings place for watching more the panoramic

Lead over hills in avid speed Of the Mormon Pioneers. scene found here below.

Where sagebrush once made raw feet bleed.

Theirs is a tale of hardihood, In colored majesty they stand, a tribute

The first footpath and wagon rut But not for worldly gain; to the dewfresh morn, and cause our

That prairieschooner and handcart cut, It demonstrates true brotherhood, wondering eyes to scan full length the

Back there a hundred years or so, And it sings a pure refrain; beauty of the clouds.

Fathered these routes that onward flow. It is a saga of a group

Of Saints of Latterdays;

Those lean men, lean as the oxen were lean Despised of men, they did not stoop desert the battling and brushravine,From To regain mankind's praise.

with mire, fighting the roads heavyFrom

Not strangers to toil or Indian fire. Too many of man's noble deeds, OLD OREGON TRAIL

They who fought and dreamed with power Which man's acclaim control,

Gave me the comfort I have this hour. Are activated by those creeds By Janet Moore

goal; as their favor men's With

their will risk often men Too lives; Old road, historic road,

They risk to gain men's cheers; Across the prairie swaying

On plaudits men's vain nature thrives Toward dreambright land and beckoning SONNET TO A GREAT SCULPTOR How unlike our pioneers! sea, A vagabond farstraying!

By Gene Romolo Oh, not for worldly wealth or fame

Progression That Mormon Trail they trod Old road, crisscrossed road,

They marched and fought in Jesus'name, Patterned by bison walking

bled limped and and limped They again, Before white men came stalking! brink, stream'sA small boy took mud from a mill And they sought the things of God; To salt lick and water hole all; their people gave Those of summer's lush green,Bordered by sedges

And where browsing cattle came often to They went with faith o'er plain, through Old road, haunted road, drink, glenWhere shadowy scouts are riding

He strove, from that mud, to mold things All for a prophet's call. To guard a ghostly wagon train

furtive redskins hiding! From seen. he had

evil their men, on backs turned They tools clay, with withLater, and modeling just; nature more was For road, road, heroic Old to sculptor, bold of the soul grownThe again, prayed and and hoped prayed They the desert Across wending, create,

trust; perfect theirs a was For pass, Through mountain down logstrewn labor to earn bread eachPortrays men who alone, not remembered are They aisle, day,

ran; opposition For ending! Columbia By blue of of great and the Church men menGood faith that shone, the in mind's Always state,

Seagulls and athletes and pioneer treks, A faith exalting man! Old road, epic road,

Cowboys and redskins and nymphs of the Now modern highway leading wood, Truck and jeep and limousine...

Till the fire of genius, a halo reflects, A new age westward speeding!

And a critical world proclaims his work good.

Neither whimsey or time will his honor efface, While stands the monument—-"This Is the OLDFASHIONED VERSE

Place."By Edwin T. Reed

/"Vldfashioned verse, it has survived

FREEDOM -'Since Homer, Sappho, Pindar thrived.

By Edna S. Dustin -Photograph by Harry Elmore Hurd OutliveIts form theandravagesmeter andof time,its rhyme

is room in the sky for a slender m > ThePerpetuatinglongings withof theits humanart heart.T'herenote LAND PEACE

tonate of a skylark's outTo lifts heart the he of the passerbyAs throat By Patricia Benton Mednikoff OldfashionedTo learning or versegrandiloquence,makes no pretense his outstretched carries wings he where simplicity truth ButOn and by soil quiet live long on People the sky. Enlists idealistic youth toil veined steady are hands by Where live the life of joy and peace To

is in the endless blueThere once more room the marked of That Golden Greece. Age hearthside tending embers Womenfolk is stretch the his sun toFor day when

the tasks remembers. heart Follow through; it still verse, Oldfashioned yield may

Where a wounded bird may spread his wing Small bare feet as they run Sweet solace on the battlefield

Out in the sun till his heart can sing Leave behind footprints of fun. Where dying heroes breathe again

And he swoops again with one joyous cry Some cherished lyric or refrain

Lifts the weighted world on his back with Over changing seasons earthmen stand That lifts the spirit and the eyes the sky. Seasoned by the constant land. To God's own arms in paradise.

JULY 1946 445 OiurefiJ/Wes On Mexican Trip nor John F. Vivian of Colorado, and atDanish Mission

of the the annual meeting tended Boy reAlbert Smith GeorgePresident reappointment of Peter- L. Alma HPhe St. of at Louis. Scouts America in early Salt City to turned Lake sen as president Utah, of Ogden, the of detachment BatMormon A trip after threeweek which took aJune the of Danish Mission announced was talion Saints Mississippi and some City. far as as south Whilehim Mexico First the 27. Presidency by PresMay at in 1846Pueblo, wintered Colorado, visitedin General that city he Manuel ident Petersen of the Danish was head the valley. route to Salt 47, en Lake of President Mexico,Avila Camacho, it to from Mission 1934 1937, and was

at the national palace. The visit had John H. Taylor

been arranged by Secretary of Economy Gustavo P. Serrano, a friend of "Older John H. Taylor of the First

President Arwell L. Pierce, of the MexCouncil of the Seventy passed

ican Mission. away May 28, as he was addressing a

President Avila Camacho praised the class of one hundred ten missionaries.

progressive qualities of Latterday He was relating some of his many misSaint citizens of Mexico and assured sionary experiences when he suddenly

President Smith that the Church had a collapsed before the class. (See also

friend in him. pages 429, 448.)

President Smith gave the Mexican ALMA PETERSEN executive a copy of the Book of MorHawaiian Visit mon printed in Spanish and a brief hisDy appointment of the First Presitory of the Church. dency, Elders Spencer W. Kimball

This was the first time in the history and Matthew Cowley of the Council of that the President of the inof the Church their the Twelve, with company during that this time President Heber J.

a President of sailed inChurch had met the wives, for Hawaii, where June visited the Missions. Grant European

Mexican Republic. they attended the quarterly conference

in President Petersen served Denall sesPresident Smith addressed later inspected the of Stake and Oahu as a missionary 191012, mark fromsions of conconference a Mexican the and Hawaiian the Hawaiian Temple asaccompanied Jenson, Andrew in the at chapelducted Ermita Branch Pacific the misand Central and (Japanese) sistant historian, trip to a Church on City. transHis remarks in were sions,Mexico islands. located these

Iceland, at that time. interpreter.lated an by

En route to Mexico, the President PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH PRESENTHe has been a member of two bishING A oprics PRESIDENT OF BOOK TO the MORMON and has been on in Ogden to secretary Anderson,and Joseph W. AVILA MANUEL MEXICO OF CAMACHO high councils the of both and Ogden Firstthe discussed Presidency, plans to right: Left President Smith, Joseph W. AnStakes. the Weber Ing. derson, Gustavo Brown, Harold T. Serrano, for erecting a monument commemorating the settling of Pueblo, with Goversion;ArwellPresidentL. Pierce,Camacho.president of the Mexican MisMrs. Petersen, who accompanied her

446 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA husband on his 193437 mission, will ty, and aiding in making 1947 a suceral secretary of the Primary, a position riot this time. go with him cessful year. she held until 1905 she when became

is President Petersen's the first counselor Felt, to Mrs. then who was Anderson Passes a apMay for the pointment since Danish Mission

the end of the war. IVTay Anderson, known wherever a general president of the organization.

She editor was named of ChilThe of the Primary has Church been of the Air""Church it Friend when began publicaestablished, in died Salt City Lake on dren's p\R. R. Driggs, professorHoward in tion 1902, held that and position for 10, the at 82. June of age English, emeritus of York New thirtyeight years. in Liverpool, Born England, she will University, the the of be "Church In Sister 1925 Anderson succeeded emigrated as a convert her family with Air"the speaker on Columbia network

July 21. Music will be by the Salt Lake Sister Felt as general president of the

Tabernacle choir and organ. The proPrimary Association and served in this

gram will be heard at 10:30 a.m. Eastcapacity until being released in Decemern Daylight Saving Time; 9:30 EST, ber 1939.

8:30 CST, 7:30 MST,and 6:30 PST. ideaThewhichyearhas1911grownsaw intothe birththe presentof an

Genealogical Society Primary Children's Hospital in Salt

Pouring the months of July and AuLake City, where physically handigust the offices of the Genealogical capped children, regardless of creed,

Society and its library will be open may go for treatment. From its incepfrom one to five p.m., daily except Sattion this work was under her superviurday and Sunday. sion. She became the first president of

Honolulu Rotary Club the board of trustees of this hospital, "pRED Lunt, second counselor in the and served until released in August

Oahu Stake presidency has been 1945.

elected president of the Honolulu She was actively interested in chilRotary Club for the current year. This dren's problems everywhere, and durmarks the second time that the position ing World War I had served the Chilhas been filled by a Latterday Saint. dren's Bureau of the United States DeAbout fifteen years ago Ralph E. Woolpartment of Labor as a dollar-a-year

ley, now president of the Oahu Stake, official.

headed this Rotary Club. The club has

a membership of one hundred sixty. Dr. Primary General Board

of the Ralph Stake Cloward Oahu high MAY ANDERSON ppointment of three new members council the club's of is a member board of the general the of board directors. of serving Primary fellow Also in 1883. after arriving in Soon Utah has been announced the association's by Rotarians committees are President on she interested in became kindergartens. presidency. are Florence They E. HolRalph and Woolley George Can- Q. For years she free two kintaught the brook Richards of Salt City; non. Lake

in dergarten Salt City, for Lake and Mary Brown Firmage of Provo; and B.Y.U. Commencement four she years taught one. a private Elaine Paxman of Handley Ogden. seventieth annual commencementHPhe For another four years she asan was Mrs. Richards has actively been enof exercises Brigham UniYoung sistant in teacher the kindergarten dein gaged in Church Idaho, work in and versity, Provo, extended through of the partment the University of Utah. stakes wards and of Salt City. Lake 5. ofweek baccalau30-June The May Sister first Anderson connected was is the She of wife Lorin reate L. Richards, given 2, sermon 1946, was June the with Primary Association as a dentist, F. Dr. the Merrill of by Joseph Council

of the Twelve, and Dr. John A. Widtcounselor to Louie B. Felt in the Salt Mrs. Firmage, a native of Cardston,

soe of the Council of the Twelve gave Lake Eleventh Ward. Then in 1890 Alberta, Canada, is, at present, presithe commencement day address June 5. Miss Anderson was sustained as gen- (Continued on page 465)

Western Germany Branches of the Church in western MISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSIONARY HOME MARCH 4 AND LEAVING MARCH 14, 1946

Germany are functioning well, par-;,

ticularly since work was begun by Elder m:

Ezra Taft Benson of the Council of the 1

Twelve and president of the European

Mission, Jay B. Hunt, of Salina, Utah,

reported as he returned home after serving with the army intelligence service.

He reported that Max Zimmer has been installed as the acting West German mission president and that many welfare projects are functioning among the Church membership.

*/'**; Evans, *"< Huth '*eo""onsen, Grant W: D%", LgHt R.R Fnrmolfarmer, Betty efLiBahr, M.Beautification Program Laney,f rAgnes '"If*M. Gladys 5- C?!t0AM. Clark nVZV

B. LaRoyce Cardwell, Esther Burgener, Lucy Durtschi, Lucile iT JaiksoP''lW: Durtschi,1"""""'Lloyd1 1 Barker, i eM.f."p beautification pro- R. u,Walton Farmer, A Churchwide Barton. LaRue

Third row. Floyd H. Hurst, S. Mrs. Irene Hurst, Beatrice Rowley, Asahel T Gee Rathe B 'Max has the outlined been gram by Hannah Patten, Kimball Johansen, Mrs. Christine Johansen.

Fourth row: Mrs. Benjamin FranklinPresiding Bishopric sent Smith, to the and Louise Mary Cummings, Mrs. Edward L Sr Howard 'Edwardft. Howard, Sr.Axel Mars, Mrs. W. Mars, Mrs. Anna Scott W. Jr., faggart, Ruth Jeppsonvarious officers for branch and ward row: Fifth Jacob Dennis Smith, Foster Sorensen, Marian Heywood, Grace King, Earl Rose, Beth Earl Weltha Holmes, Mar/one Toone, R.the Godfrey, Brigham beautification of buildings, grounds, Hall. Reed W.

S. Ca Golden Campbell, Baxter, N. Pearson, Roy J. Dell Barker, -,. lvin David.[ow: Si??h mcnurray,McMurrav G CAand any propvacant Churchowned Zina Okelberry, Gayle Stauffer, R. Marvin Cluff, W. C. Stone. W.

h 0W: Clare"ceerty. Claude Daniel V in Fernsten, Church E9be> are Kenneth R. members \ Utah Garrett, Robert Read, M. i en H er King,irwWendell G. Jonas H. Erekson,c Grover D. Davidson, L. Donald Timmerman tourged cooperate with centennial: S WiHett, As Clarence Staheli, B A. B. J. McBeth, Max Trunnell, P. Gordon Larsen, / rt*ir S. Brc nmer, Scott Jr., Taggart, Delias Richins, A. B. Lewiscommittees the appointed Westover. of Joseph by mayor

rcw: Ninth S. Fenns Schade, LeMar Winegar, Hollist, Reed M. Richard A. Hanks, Verl P Bradv in town,each improving private "properAien. P. Leonard

JULY 1946 447 forward. No lessons can even approximate realization

unless the teachers have first caught the vision of the possibilities that lie in them. Editorials

—andIn spitethereofwasthe successgreat success—thethat attendedrealtheworkconferencesstill re-

/John w/\T. JaiAtcOf mains to be done if young people are to achieve their

full stature in the programs planned for them in order "pOLLOWiNG the first shock of the news of Brother John that they may take their places intelligently in the

H. Taylor's passing, there came quiet and satisfying Church and in the world. As great as were the spectacle

reflection on his life and service, and on the peculiar fitand the achievement of June conference, the final test tingness of his responding to the last call of this life in of its success must lie in the practical application of the Mission Home which he loved so well and where the principles expounded and the lessons displayed in he gave so much. the various sessions and departments.

Seventyone years he lived, lacking one month—and The old adage, "The proof of the pudding is in the

all of them worthwhile years. He inherited richly of eating,"may seem somewhat inappropriate in its apthe greatest things in life, and he has passed on a rich plication to Mutual and Primary work, but actually it

heritage. He left a worthy family well established in is most fitting because it must in its final state be the

life, and a choice and noble wife and companion, with translation into local activity that will prove the value whom he lived richly, and of whose love and courage of the plans of these organizations. The privilege of

and integrity he is forever assured. He finished his life each teacher is to adapt the work to his own comin harness, doing work that he dearly cherished, in munity.

surroundings that had long been congenial to him. He Even as diligently as any stake board or general

passed quickly, mercifully, peacefully. The Lord has board may work, as painstaking as may be their prepbeen good to John H. Taylor, who, in turn, has been aration, as great as may be their vision, the real work

true and faithful and deserving of His goodness. lies with the individual teacher. The conditions of a

We shall miss him in the First Council of the Seventy. class, the needs of a class, differ from street to street

We shall miss him in all of our meetings and gatherings within a city, from city to city within a region, and and deliberations and counsels and committees of the from region to region within a country; it is for the

General Authorities. We shall miss him on the general teacher to recognize these differences and make each

board of the Y.M.M.I.A., of which he was a member lesson fit the immediate problems that confront the

of many years'service. The seventies of the Church, boys and girls of the particular community. For this

and the Mission Home where he spent the last hour reason, teaching is and should be as individual as the of this life, will miss him, as will his missionaries, his person who teaches and as the needs of the group may friends, and his brethren in the wards and stakes where require. The truly effective teacher remembers always

himself. endeared he

that tools teaching subordinated of the ever must be hisits quiet into with stepping miss room Wehas soshalllong the taught. to the of being people needs young By

its walls, picwith the refinement beauty graced of and teacher's breathe the at every he must command, means tures of his careful choosing, gathered over many years the spark of life into the lesson materials in order that places. from many We shall miss his warm humor the young people may be fired to better living. biting or unkind. never

calling that greater than can person come to a No kindliness tonic dignity and were His warm for many it in in professional teaching, whether of a be or way situations. nor ever rushed Taylor one H. John No

lives people, the of volunteer to point a way. To shape conclusion. or into a him ever an opinion stampeded

their lasting greater satisfaction joy and way for that reached soundly the the quiet judgment good His was their privilege existence throughout a is indeed a and for ground. surely safe and solid and

challenge. position the replace ever can one no And kindly gentleman cultured and a He was—he is—a leader holds as of youth. a that one has

of an servant had God. a one devoted was who He

effects will done, wisely the been be If everlasting—andthe teaching convicof ultimate conviction unwavering realities—a if the likewise teaching has unwisely done, been the for dramatics or heroics. abiding tion Retoo deep and

ligion worked in his life. results will be enduring. How much care and prayer

into the for preparation should teaching the the go of Taylor, bless and of the H. John memory God

inheritors Zion, are of divine of the give young which who all, until again us understanding to and peace we meet is being! instructing in activities In their in every them

JR. L. of our Father. in E. the kingdom

and in their lessons, leaders of young people are cooperating with the Eternal Father in helping to bring about his kingdom upon earth.—M. C. /. eJLeadeMriip of ujoviih

NTothing is of so great importance as youth. Youth

is the world's insurance on the future. It is for

youth to be directed that the insurance may not lapse or be wasted.

The recent conferences of the Young Men's and the

Young Women's Mutual Improvement Associations and of the Primary Association indicate the importance that the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints attaches to the leadership of youth. But no matter how

carefully and prayerfully the program may be worked out, it can be no better than those leaders who carry it

448 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA be argued about. The vision of a boy, whether true or

false, could not be attacked in the same way. Nevertheless, it is evident that the first vision was known to Evidences and the people and on their lips, before the Prophet began

the writing of his history. Moreover, it was always

understood in the Church that the vision was received in 1820, before the revelations concerning the Book of reconciliations Mormon, which are dated beyond question from 1823 to 1827. Indeed, unfriendly nonMormon writers have

cut. vx/hen <=Jjia /4o$eph Smitk contributed to the evidence for this view.

The first vision is not mentioned in many nonMaue the jrirst l/idlon f MormonThe writersbooksplungedealingat oncewith intothe timethe Bookof Josephof MormonSmith.

mildly suggested or have had Tn the history of Joseph Smith written by himself is an thecontroversy.temerity Ato fewdistorthavehistory facts the by ignoring

account of his first vision. He tells that it was reand to insist that the story of the first vision was in-

3 All ceived in the spring of 1820, when he was between vented by the Prophet many years later than 1 820.

fourteen and fifteen years of age. A religious revival other nonMormon or antiMormon writers accept the

to wonder which in his neighborhood led him of the first vision the and time of its occurrence, as one of the his perplexibefore God. 1 In contending sects was right early claims of the Prophet.

ty he retired to a quiet grove and appealed to God in In later books, after the days of the Prophet, the prayer. In answer he had a vision of God, the Father, visions of Joseph Smith, the first vision, the visitations

and God, the Son. These heavenly Personages inof Moroni, and later visions, are all jumbled together,

formed him that all the churches had strayed from the so that no distinction can be made among them. In fact,

that the true Church was soon to be refull truth, and testimony of any consequence must from come the lips 3 established. of lived in the early of days those who Mormonism,

Because the earliest available written or printed acwhen the Prophet was alive.

count of this vision is dated 1838 and 1839, some Pomeroy Tucker, the proprietor and editor of the enemies to the Church have cast doubt upon the authenWayne Sentinel, on the press of which the Book of ticity of the date claimed for the vision. They have Mormon was first printed, knew most of the persons

suggested that the vision was invented by the Prophet and events connected with the early days of the Church.

in 1838, when he set about to write the formal history He was deeply prejudiced against the claims of Joseph of the Church. This not only implies that Joseph Smith Smith, and looked upon them as hoaxes.

lied, but also that facts of history to be acceptable must Nevertheless, he had reason to know the succession be written and circulated at the time of their occurof events, even if he did not believe their authenticity.

rence. This is a preposterous claim, made only by Upon the basis of contemporaneous knowledge, he

enemies of the Church to mislead those who are unheld that the first claim of Joseph Smith to have had acquainted with "Mormon"history. a vision came before the manifestations relative to

Whether the story of the first vision existed in writthe Book of Mormon occurred. He writes:

ten form in the early days of the Church is not known.

this time [he places About the date about 1823] Smith had lost. In of that time manuscripts have been some Many vision. that, remarkable a in pretended while engaged He records secretaries deliberately carried cases, Church secret in prayer, alone the wilderness, of an "angel the Lord"

away from Church possession. But, even were they all appeared to him, with the glad tidings that "all his sins had

available, minutes of meetings as they are usually kept been forgiven him,"and proclaiming further that "all the might seldom mention the first vision, for familiar and religious denominations were believing in false doctrines and repeated things are often not recorded because they consequently that none of them were accepted of God as his are taken for granted. Certainly, the people in Joseph Church and Kingdom,"and also that he had received a

Smith's neighborhood would pay little attention to the "promise that the true doctrine and the fulness of the gospel claim of a fourteenyear-old boy that he had had a should at some future time be revealed to him."Following

visitation from God. this soon came another angel... "that the American Indians

... that It must be remembered that the Book of Mormon, werewere asafelyremnantdepositedof the Israelites,... and that.... he.. wouldtheir writingsbe the

printed in 1830, became at once the storm center of chosen prophet to translate them."*

the claims of Joseph Smith. All other issues were forgotten when friend or foe held the printed Nephite Despite the errors in detail, this statement repeats in

record in his hands. The coming forth of this volume, essence, the first vision as told by the Prophet himself,

with the establishment of the Church soon following, and sets the time of its occurrence before the coming presented claims of superlative importance. These forth of the Book of Mormon.

events declared that heavenly visitations may occur J. B. Turner, a nonMormon, was one of the earliest

now as in the past, that translations of unknown lanwriters on Mormonism. His book was published in

guages may be made by the "gift and power of God,"1842, written, no doubt, before he could have had that the authoritative priesthood of God had been conaccess to Joseph's own printed story, also published in ferred on men by resurrected beings, and that the true 1842. He mentions the first vision. His version, though

Church of Christ was reestablished. The book with containing errors of date, corroborates the Prophet's

its accompanying claims overshadowed then as now story. He writes:

other equally weighty matters, such as the first vision.

The Book of Mormon was a tangible thing which could Linn,3G.HistoryB. Arbaugh,of the Mormons,Revelation p.Among30; Fawnthe Mormons,M. Brodie,pp.No34,Man35, 238;KnowsW. MyA.

History, pp. 2125.

aSee also Oliver Cowdery Letters No. 3 4Pomeroy Tucker, Origin, Rise and Progress of Mormonism. p. 28

2Histocg of the Church I. 2-6 (Continued on page 478)

JULY 1946 449 omincj

shortening and sugar; egg, add Hobby for Housewives thenCreambran. Mix thoroughly. water Combine

By Frances A. Besack CoofeCornei ingredients.and banana; addMix.alternatelyAdd vanillawith siftedand nuts.dry

T have a hobby, one which doesn't Bake in greased loaf pan 350 F. one hour.

cost a cent. It doesn't clutter up the Josephine B. Nichols Honey Cookies

home. or take from house me away picnic "Oecipes in for your the beach, on 1 cup shortening it famiinterfere doesn't with my And ** the park, the the canyon, up or under 13/2 cups honey

it. ly, In interfere with they nor do tree fact, sycamore in your yard. back own 3 eggs

they don't even know I have a hobby. 4 cups flour

You see, I make a collection of hapScalloped Chicken and Potatoes Yz teaspoon soda eyes, nice 1 of sparkling faces, and teaspoon baking powder py 1 jar S x/2-oz. sliced chicken

1 I teaspoon vanilla they smiles. them where keep And (or 1 cup cooked sliced chicken)

1 cup chopped nuts in their But owners. a belong, on way salt teaspoon Yi

I to for create help to belong me, they buttered Cream fat and honey. cup crumbs Add beaten eggs; Yi

them. 4 mediumsized new potatoes peeled and add dry ingredients; mix, and add vanilla

I listen attentively to small boys who sliced and chopped nuts. Drop from spoon on

talk about dive bombers and com- 1 can cream of mushroom soup greased baking sheet. Bake in oven at 350"

mandos and tommy guns. I listen sympaprika F. until golden brown.

girls pathetically as to Starting they go a layer young of potatoes, with arrange in potatoes alternate layers, Mint Lemonade and actor, or chicken raptures into movie over some the high school football hero, or meresprinkling potatoes with salt and pepper. 4 lemons cut in slices

undiluted of 1 Pour cream soup mushroom on cup sugar class. in the Spanish ly the boy Of

top. Sprinkle 1 with paprika. crumbs and quart water I've he's looking course, the best boy 350 at F. 45 minutes or until Bake potatoes leaves mint cup 34 nice, sure he's time; or long for seen a tender. are carbonated water

pretty anyman, a wants and nobody in several of thicknesses Covered newsto water slices lemon Add boil and I 5 minlisten to accounts the admiringly way. the dish paper, carried be can wherever

utes. Pour over mint leaves; let cover; stand picnic, did will of other men. hot. stay and husband and you How my

hour. Strain; one stir sugar; add until disit? That's to ever manage do you My! solved. in refrigerator. Keep glass Grilled Use Frankfurters Yz girl friends wonderful. when my And fill syrup, with and carbonated water and

fat. frankfurter with each Brush melted I tell their conquests of romantic show ice. crushed

genuine interest and admiration for Broil over hot coals or on grill, turning until their ability. I listen enthusiastically to lightly brown. Place each frankfurter bethe hopes and plans of people of all tweentard, littlelong greentoastedonions,rolls, garnishor picklewithrelish.musages. Why mention all the possible obServe with tomato wedges and cucumber Nothing Like Rickrack!

stacles in their way? Most of them will sticks. Cut ripe chilled tomatoes in wedges;

never carry out their plans anyway, so wrap in waxed paper. Cut cucumbers into By Gladys Fuller Rasmussen

why not let them enjoy them? long slender sticks, marinate in vinegar, and You'd be surprised at the interesting sprinkle with salt. Vu want a new set of tea towels?

haven't time to And the embroider things unexpected most I hear from

Still pretty! you want I like them of all sources. Stop to watch Salad Stuffed Rolls them! But most

the light in the eyes of the speaker as Served with deviled eggs and potato chips worrying! It's rickrack for you, my

he talks to a really interested listener. Fill soft rolls with tuna salad. lady! And something quick!

Let's * * * Mrs. All Brown. Salad Tuna see—you're right, like how'd nice letter big a you B it builds yes, up and Oh, own my 2 flaked tuna cups set little between a on every wave one Instead admitting that of conego. my diced cup cucumber Yi of them? red B's Say blue and waves is dull, slightly to theversation say 1 celery chopped cup like so in tiny B rickrack.

it feeling satisfacleast, gives of a 4 pickles, sweet me chopped across Then each end over the ma- I salt teaspoon that thinktion to be can a good lisYa stitching chine of the hem, strip run a juice of one lemontener.

of rickrack. red half inch above, run A mayonnaise

strip a of blue. If the towels are square,

ingredients except Combine I ever like**Tf lemon juice. have another chance go all around, with lemon juice with and moisten it."Sprinkle * 1919 with what to do I'll know

fill chill, rolls. mayonnaise, and Wrap each ever that? farmer hear aDid say you

filled roll in paper. deviled Put eggs waxed far,Perhaps, older so farmers many in pairs, together in lettuce held each wrap

in farming werewho World War I with toothpick. a

have made that statement. What they

meant was, if farm income ever again Banana Nut Bread reached the figure it did in 1919—top cup shortening

farm income year of World War I—72 cup sugar or just across the corners, diagonally,

they'd save their expanded income rath- 1 beaten egg er than put it in highpriced land and 1 cup bran cereal expensive wartime equipment. Well, 2 tablespoons water

farm income has reached and passed the Wi cups mashed bananas flour cups it of 1919.peak bilWi For 1943 19.9 was

salt teaspoonlion dollars billion 14.6 with compared 2 teaspoons baking powder

in 1919. of farmers The America again teaspoon soda Vi

have an opportunity to save for the 1 teaspoon vanilla extract and put the design on one corner highfuture. cup chopped nut meats er up or in opposite corners, or any

450 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA way you prefer. Use thread to match

the rickrack when stitching.

Or try a rickrack butterfly. Stamp a ypret

large one wherever you wish it on the towel and proceed as above. You can

get a large package of butterfly and other designs at any dime store. Or Payment for Handy Hints used will be

maybe you can draw your own! one dollar upon publication. In the event Aprons, small tablecloths, and pot Wbthat two with the same idea are submitted,

holders grow by magic with a bit of the one postmarked earlier will receive the rickrack and a few bleached sacks. dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

but each will receive careful consideration.Here's to you—and rickrack!

of general off heels the of booklet plastic the a Freezing, comes When 4rea/treat dip cloth and take a small pumps, white your increasingly this on informationHome your little paint it paint and in white a of food practical methodpopular and again. like Miss They'll heels. new look reobtained on bepreservation, may r ottro/hyetso Vernal, Utah. E. N Harvester Internationalquest from fJeconomical hard stains caused by removing For Ave., Michigan, 180 NorthCompany,

a bathtubs, prepare sinks and from diswater, Illinois. bookletChicago, The

tartar of and of parts three cream of paste freezing, principles what of thecusses paste peroxide. Spread part hydrogen one they,be so preserved, howfoods can with vigorously dry, stain. rub on When

finally used packaged,should be how procedure. If repeat cloth. necessary damp

( correct defrosting and cooking ), and—Mrs. D. B., Salt Lake City, Utah.

considered in should points bewhat inch from half a about small hole a Bore freezer.selecting a home sticks and of and your the broom end mop

* * * shoe old cord or an wrapping a stout run

A ll housewives will be glad to learn string through it. Tie it securely leaving the

* of the new, upto-theminute Kerr loop long enough to hang over a nail. This

runbristles from the prevent helps broom the summer Book. Canning WithHome

It helps to a wet dry over. also mop it will a ning available, besurpluses now

it E., cleaner. JefMiss G. keeps M. and

all obtain to for housewives ideagood City, ferson Mo.

fill the to this begin of anda book copy easier are meals Festive outdoor much is it the If pet to any dog give necessary needs. winter the againstshelves Margawith budget the Durkee's inon pill or the of powder put medicine, kind it * *

.. rine.. wonderful as a spread fine. Perfect little beef or minced side a lamb raw

The U. S. Department of Agriculture Dogs gulp their food and he will swallow the for cooking, frying, baking, too. So

estimates that out of the more than pill without knowing it. L. M. T., Elmira, mild, so sweet, so countryfresh in

6,500,000 farms in the country, one in New York. flavor because it's made by Durkee's

each thirtyseven had a disastrous exIn grafting fruit trees in the spring, keep own scientific process. It must pass

perience with fires in the fiveyear pethe grafting wax from sticking to your rigid tests, so you're sure to get the riod from 1936 to 1940. hands by keeping a piece of pork rind handy best quality and flavor in every pound.

(From Safety News, published by and rubbing your hands on it occasionally. It's enriched with Vitamin A.

National Safety Council—Mrs. ]. H. W., Deseret, Utah.

CAMP COOKE

(Concluded from page 419) Diego. These maps were used in planwhole of the army would be withdrawn. ning the route of the Southern Pacific ln one of the'se colorful combinations

Some time after General Cooke was Railroad. It is fitting that a great camp and serve on roll halves.

in great parsley should of honor a be named of the name placed Camp in command, minced tablespoons Two soldier to the contributed so much Crittendon. who to Fort changed Floyd was

* chives. or ideals traditions of the army. and scarcely "fort,"became however,The green chopped is tablespoon in centrally located its Cooke before orCamp to name accustomed One new onion drops of rollrt2 the California's midst southern of its and a few for abandonment. Genders arrived pfckle

eral Cooke and his associated officers ing hills. It is in the center of a 42,000juice.

since the of the acre grant flagfamous days the to Brigham presented Young tablespoon - One dons. great sprinkle"JSE granted ranchos Three Crittendon. by staff FloydFort of Camp 3 After spreading, cheese. fifty of king the one Spain hundred immedithe hillcrest planted on It was Paprika. with Durkee's in area. the years incorporated are ago the of Beehive east House. ately citrus jelly or tart tablespoon hills, terrain, the the mountains, The.One

/eneral Cooke was retired in 1873 the sea, with its rugged coastline, offer * marmalade.

training unusually fine grounds fortyin served the army having slices crisp, cooked bacon, for the - Two soldiers, of production tough, rugged Detroit, Michigan, died in six years. He crumbled.

March 21, 1895, at the age of eightyand prepares them to meet any foe.

six. He was a stern disciplinarian with It was a Camp Cooke soldier who a high sense of honor and a sincere restood in a testimony meeting and said: ZZZZZ&9ZZ8*,

ligious feeling. He did not lack a sense "I am glad I was born in this day and

of humor and was notably fond of age. I am glad I have the privilege of

young people. He won the love and taking part in this terrible conflict which

respect of Mormon men who followed will usher in the most glorious period urkee's his leadership in that long weary march. of peace the world has ever known."VEGETABLE

spirit is the books, Such Scenes men wrote and Adtwo of the Mormon He SkF OLEOMARGARINE their serve in country while they ventures and The Conquest who the Army "(MAM** 1* jS?

of New Mexico and California. He serve their Church. Such was the spirit

kept a journal and maps of the march of the men who marched with General of the Battalion from Santa Fe to San Cooke to California.

JULY 1946 451

A DRESS CAN BE IMPORTANT

{Concluded from page 441) "The—the party?"Cathy faltered.

Her brain hummed and whirled. It "Why, yes, of course. It's—all right,

couldn't be! It just couldn't. She glanced isn't it?"Cathy thought she detected a

at the date scrawled under the stamp, bit of anxiety and uncertainty in his and saw the initials of the extra girl voice, but she couldn't answer for a BETTER who had come in for three days when moment. How could she compete with

ill. got things in been She'd had old her Cathy all Elaine shabby

everyalmost mixed had done she she up and suddenly must knew clothes?go—atAndany THAN f thing in reverse. And as her duty in cost.

the matter became perfectly clear, her "You know it's all right, Brad. I'll

heart sank to a new low. In spite of be waiting,"she said.

Mr. LeRoy's orders, she would have "Good girl, and just one more thing.

to go to Mr. Graham, the store owner, Will you do me a favor, Cathy?"

and explain, because everyone in town "Anything, Brad."

kneweverything—time,the Croft fortunedepressions,had withstoodthe war. for"Willgraduationyou wearthe thenightdressbeforeyouI woreleft?

Also, the Crofts were the only family in It was sort of soft and blue and had town who would refuse any explanakind of pink flowers.... You remember

tion or apology Mr. LeRoy might make. the one? You still have it? When the

They spent a lot of money at the Emgoing was roughest, Cathy, I would porium, and nothing must jeopardize always see you, standing there in your their good will. little dress, with your mouth the color

of the flowers.... Could you wear it

IT or a moment Cathy wished again, Cathy, for me?"

she had been born without a conscience, There was pure delight in Cathy's but she shrugged away the pettiness of tiny burst of laughter. "Of course I'll

such a thought and walked resolutely wear it, Brad,"she said softly. "I would

to Mr. Graham's office. just love to!"

Later when the credit okay had gone back to the ladies'shop, and Cathy was alone in her cubicle, she let the tears Nature Quiz slide out and fall silently. She made

up her mind she simply wouldn't go to By Genevieve Van Wagenen party. the In heart her she knew

her, to see would but want she hated Brad How'splants,yourbugs,knowledgeand thingsof innature,,genfor him to be ashamed of her. She eral? Pretty good? Then here's

would wait and see him for the first time your chance to test yourself. Try to anunder different surroundings; perhaps swer the ten questions listed below.

the next day, which was Saturday, and When you finish the quiz, add up your she had the afternoon off, on the tennis score, allowing yourself ten points for of ninecorrect answer. each A grade PABCO courts. "tops."ty or ranks one hundred you

Her telephone was ringing again, Seventy to eighty is "good.'And sixty

and she brushed away the tears and is a bit better than the average will reached for it. score. Go ahead now, and good luck.CINDEK "Outside calling, Cathy,"the opera- 1. Do the morning glory and sweet

The famous highgloss enamel tor said. Quickly Cathy composed herpea use the same method in climbing a

that tens of thousands have been self. Brad was speaking! pole?

plants into 2. Botanists divided have laughing. "It's he said, "Cathy—!"classes plants or families; have which voice."to hear your waiting for! good

Here it is!—In a whole "rain- "Oh, Brad."She forgot everything placedcertain incharacteristicsone family. Isinit commontrue or falseare

bow"of new, brilliant, enduring but that he was home at last. that the potato and tomato belong to colors—all with that mirror- "I'll call for you at eight, Cathy,"he the same family?

bright, mirrorhard, highgloss finwas saying. 3. We get vanilla from one of the

ish that first made CinDek famous following plant families; which one?

Rose, lily, daisy, or orchid family?

Here it is!—With all the easyTO A READER OF PROSE 4. Is it true or false that the tulip,

brushing, selfleveling, fastdrying Who asked, "Why poetry?"onion, hyacinth, and garlic belong to the

qualities "better than ever,"that lily family?

will make you want to CinDek By Arthur Wallace Peach 5. Does the common earthworm

your kitchen, breakfast room, bath- **"Cour lines of verse, have eyes and ears?

6. -*- Is the imporearthworm of any bright and terse, Though and sunporch room now! At leadto tance filled man? song, with

paint, ing lumber* hardware, 7. last long,"not the lobster family does what and ThoughDo To

department stores. /J I hear you say, and I agree belong? Fish? reptile? or spider?

Quite readily. 8. We often find lobsters with one

smaller the other, than or one claw time as shows, But INC. PARAFFINE COMPANIESTHE entirely. missing reason?'is the What \<? of prose reams Vast SAN FRANCiSCO

it 9. Is false that true has. or a bee also, asaal Makers, WetPatch. BiocK rwdi of Pabco honor, That men may

-Shield Pabcoweb, and Aiumi Roofing; Pabco eyes? than more two and ponder, Point, Read

Linoleums, Flooring. Mastipove Pabco HeavyDuty 10. the queen bee rule the hive? In thought and theme consider stronger, Does

Last no longer! (Check your answers on page 457)

452 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FASTiR Cascade!

The Cascade, luxurious allPullman Shasta Route train is now on the fastest schedule in history—only 18 J

hours, San Francisco to Portland.

Southern Pacific FASHR Beaver!

The Beaver, Shasta Route economy train (chair cars and tourist Pullmans) is now faster than prewar. Only

hours, San Francisco to Portland.

trains are finer, 18% Noon Coast Daylight back!

Noon Coast Daylight, famous red and orange sister streamliner to the Morning Coast Daylight is back infaster than ever! daily service along the coast from San Francisco to

Los Angeles.

New Sacramento Daylight!

Overland Limited many hours faster! Still another Daylight streamliner, the Sacramento Daylight, is now in daily service between Sacramento and

Between San Francisco and Chicago, the Overland Los Angeles. Fully streamlined.

Limited speeds daily in 48 hours eastbound, 49 J hours westbound. No extra fare. Over the High Sierra

by daylight both ways. Streamlined Pullmans and COMING!

chair cars between San Francisco and Chicago, streamlined Pullman between San Francisco and St. Louis. NewGolden State Route Streamliner!

A 39 %-hour, extra fare streamliner to run between Los is three times planned. Chicago a week and nowFASTIR Pacific Limited! Angeles this train early in 1947. to have for you We hopeBetween San Francisco and Chicago, the Pacific Limited now operates on much the same schedule as the

old Overland Limited. Standard Pullmans between San COMING!

Francisco and Salt Lake City, Denver, Omaha and

Chicago. Club car. Connects at San Francisco with the The Shasta Daylight!

streamlined Daylight to Los Angeles. Starting early next year, two beautiful new dieselpowered streamliners, the Shasta Daylights, will make

daylight run between San Francisco and a spectacularFASTiR San Francisco Challenger! daily. Portland,

The popular San Francisco Challenger, Overland Route economy train for tourist Pullman and chair car passengers, is on a new faster schedule between San What it all adds up to is this—Southern Pacific and itsFrancisco and Chicago. Westbound the Challenger connects with the streamlined Daylights to Los Angeles. connecting lines are stepping out in a sincere effort to

give the finest train service ever offered throughout

FASTiR Golden State Limited! the West and to the East. Next time, try the train.

Only 48)4 hours eastbound, 4934 hours westbound between Los Angeles and Chicago now on the Golden

State Limited. No extra fare. All Pullmans and chair

cars are streamlined. S*P

FASTiR Sunset Limited!The Sunset Limited is now on the fastest schedule in its The friendly

history—just 48 hours from New Orleans to Los Angeles, 49% hours eastbound. No extra fare. Southern Pacific

JULY 1946 453 THE PRAYER {Concluded from page 444) Cliff said. But the subject was disgo on home to play,"she stormed at missed. Help was impossible to get.

to her Cliff wanted o'clock ten AtiSriakam l//oi/jouna them. pieces more a few are only quit. "There walked slowly and turned They

it at I'll get when I don't do. know She to to her. back calling names away

ignored them. again."

ironing retired. There was more Cliff his dried still crying. She Dickie wasumversiIt1 took and it she had estimated, than hurt?"you apron. "Are her with eyes

stayed thought. She she than longer asked. she QUARTER WINTER "That's finished. it until she was with quavered. he I scared,""No, was thought awhile."for The caught up FIRST OCTOBER horse for you. Go a stick "Here's clothes away, the put She comforting.

to to go prepared hair, and her brushed Increased Academic playand tookwith theJoestickand sheAnn."offeredDickiehim.smiled she o'clock when eleven bed. It was

Offerings turned out the light.

JYLarion flew around to have She had just got into bed when Boblay quietly Marion to fuss. began Cliff came by the time ready. dinner By Enlarged Instructional go to he would hoping minutes a few family it prepared. The was all home,

Staff were all hungry. sleep. He continued to cry, so she

him. offer to of milk bottle a warmed smells and looks good surely "It

till through sleep better "You'd her. Cliff complimented Cultural good,"Outstanding remembering told him she morning,"or salad to time get make "I didn't baby interruptions. The nightly the Course of jar a to open You'll have dessert. Cliff, sleep. to went bottle and the took feed Bobby. to fruit."began She of spite in soundly slept ]oe, and Ann

hand her from spoon the Cliff took fussing. Bobby's Extracurricular Broad a eaten haven't "I'll bet said, you and and was neardrowsier grew Marion I'll Opportunities eat and in days. You meal warm an uncomfortable but had asleep, ly fry'!"'small feed something forgotten that she had feeling

to think too sleepy She was important. Well Planned herMarioninto a protested,chair at thebuttable.Cliff "Itpusheddoes kept it her and disturbed it through, yet

Religious Program taste better warm,"Marion laughed. her from settling down. She struggled

After dinner there were dishes to with the annoyance of it, then at last

Enroll for training in the wash and dry, the children to bathe, she knew.

up. pick to things bed, and to put realization prayers!"The "My eight It past helpful. Church University andCliff was was I'm tonight little. "But a her let roused finished. She she had o'clock when would sleep But pray."to tired just too

board. ironing the down bed the from climbed She not come. catalogue, write For the official start to iron at to going aren't the prayers, "You after her and, again once The President Cliff protested. the day!"this of time quilts the softer and pillow seemed

"I must. We're all out of clothes."warmer. And then the healing sleep

Brigham Young "If we could only get some help,"came.

University MUTUAL MESSAGES Provo, Utah

TWICE AS MANY BLADES...

Twice As Good to Give You

SMOOTHER SHAVES AT

LOWER COST'auxvarious the Five women who represented

V/ard Second from Ogden organizations iliary

A. Harvest M. I. of the for queen

from success a great carnival was A GLEANER'S PRAYER candidatesCarnival. The as

By Oca Pate Stewart social.the standpointApproximatelyof tothfourattendancehundred andand asfiftya

were who the hast brought my feet to bounpeopleof ward presentpopulation.—Reportedwhich is about byfortyDowainpercentR. Thou

superintendent. Wright, fields teous

And placed me in the furrows where the yields Are ripened wisps, my gleaner's sheaf to find...

Stay by me now and teach me how to bind.

454 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

action for protective OILPLATING That extra wearfighter—durable oilplating—

goes on guard in your engine when you change to

Conoco Nth motor oil. This patented oil's added

ingredient acts magnetlike, so that lubricant is attracted—closebonded oilplated to working

parts. Now they're safely under cover of steadfast

oilplating! It's a special shield against lots of CONOCO wear that would add carbon and sludge. It's a

special way of keeping down wear to keep up your mileage!... your car's economy.

You pay little more for Conoco Nth oil... you

get the whole big change to an oilplated engine—at Your Mileage Merchant's Conoco station. MOTOR OIL

Continental Oil Company

JULY 1946 453 Spiritualizing Our Social Activities

(Concluded from page 432) his name in the dance: let them sing

praises unto him with the timbrel and harp.

M.I.A. accepts of its opportunity to

spiritualize our social activities, through the words of E. C. Foster:

And now life calls us to a quest,

To love, to laugh, to work, to play,

To serve, to sacrifice, to pray:

He calls-—and he shall have our best.

Let all worthy things be done in the name of our Lord, I pray. Amen.

Resume of M.I.A.

June Conference (Concluded from page 424) of J. Spencer Cornwall. Speakers included Irvin Nydegger and Irene

Hailes, exserviceman and woman,

Elder Harold B. Lee of the Council of

the Twelve, and President George Albert Smith.

At the regular Sunday evening radio

ABOVE: THE GOLD AND GREEN BALL OF THE MIAMI AND broadcast the girls'chorus also sang,

GLOBE WARDS OF THE ST. JOSEPH STAKE, WAS HELD AT THE

MIAMI, ARIZONA, WARD AMUSEMENT HALL ON FEBRUARY 2.

BELOW: GROUP OF DANCERS AT GOLD AND GREEN BALL.

MEMBERS OF CAST OF M.I.A. PLAY PRESENTED BY

NORTH SHORE WARD, CHICAGO STAKE BANNOCK STAKE M.I.A. CAST OF "A STRANGER PASSES"

and General Superintendent George Q.

Morris spoke.

Monday's sessions were a Y.W.

M.I.A. camp institute and a summer

GROUP recreation institute. Also on Monday's

OF program were a Mormon Pioneer Trek;

EXPLORERS a songfest; a Fathers'and Sons'outing;

AND a Mothers'and Daughters'day; a famJUNIOR

GIRLS ily picnic; departmental activities; a

VIEW story hour; a dance program; and sumTHEIR mer dramatics.

FINISHED COOKIES One of the features of the June M.I.A.

FOR conference was a welcome home

U.S.O., extended to all servicemen and women

OGDEN, by the L.D.S. Servicemen's Committee

UTAH, and the Young Men's and Young 24th WARD Women's Mutual Improvement AssoMIA. ciations.

All of which combined to make the four days of the fortyseventh M.I.A.

June conference the best—Aever.L. Z., Jr.

456 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

The M.IA Theme

(Concluded from page 428) this knowledge he walks humbly before his God and deals honestly with all men.

Several generations of worthy men and women both young and old have won fulfilment of the Lord's promise;

they know that this work is true. In

their hearts is always a deep anxiety that all other persons should have the same knowledge with its resultant blessings. They plead with all others

earnestly to seek it.

Year by year this cloud of witnesses is growing in all lands and climes. Joy,

spiritual security, and confidence in the presence of God is their reward. May

I in gratitude and humility add my personal witness to the swelling host who testify—through the power of the Holy

Ghost—that Jesus Christ the Creator

and Redeemer of the world has, in our own time and country, through the

Prophet Joseph Smith, again set up his kingdom and that in it is eternal life.

In the name of Christ our Lord. Amen.

NATURE QUIZ

(See page 452) ANSWERS 1. No, the morning glory has a

twining stem which turns around the pole and in this way supports itself.

The sweet pea, like the grapevine has tendrils which reach out and hold on to the pole.

2. True. The potato and tomato

family, to the belong Solanaceae contains eighteen which hun- -t A about dred species, many of which are STANDARD narcotic herbs, shrubs, and trees. OF CALIFORNIA

3. The orchid family. The vanilla PRODUCT

plant is a climbing orchid which is a native of tropical America.

4. True. The lily family includes

lily, the only not but the hyacinth, Things you shouldn't miss when you hit the mission trail tulip, garlic. onion, and

5. No. So far as it is known, the

earthworm has no sense organs other than those of touch, but there are cells in its skin which respond to light, heat, vibrations, and chemicals.

6. Yes, long before man invented

the plough, the land was regularly ploughed and still continues to be ploughed by the earthworms. They

are great promoters of vegetation.

7. The lobster having a jointed

body is related to the scorpions, spiders, and centipedes.

8. When moulting, the lobster in

itself of to free its endeavor the old Along the historic King's To "acclimate"your car to Wherever you go, Chevron shell, of its behind. limbs leaves one

Similarly, in a fight between rivals Highway, don't miss a one local driving conditions, this Supreme gives you the same a limb or two may be lost. The next of the 2 1 missions that keep great premium gasoline is fast starts, smooth pickup,

it its shell time limb casts a new bealive fit Caliglory to "tailored"the of old each differand rugged power. One after gins three to or four and grow

fornia. don't altitude the ent miss and temperature And shouldn't more thing you it full size. attains moults

9. True. A bee has five eyes, one thrill of going on Chevron zone in the West. That's miss—the convenience of a

on each side of the head and three on Supreme Gasoline. the reason why.. Chevron Credit Card.

top. 10. the not does bee queen No, illustration Capistrano *The of San of Standard's Juan was drawn from one

in rule the or hive bee community full color Scenic FREE,... collect Views travel... them while you

the lay is to purpose way. any Her

eggs. CHEVRON GAS STATIONS AND STANDARD STATIONS, INC.

JULY 1946 457 >ul on Jkid,

It is suggested that the content of this item be used by the quorum activity eMcfedyciefe and Church service committee foe discussion in the July leadership meeting. selves to be the devout and only strict despite the changing conditions in an

conformists. the scribes, These are basic that world, the everchanging

that thou mayest And more fully keep pharisees, hypocrites, referred rules established governto by by the Lordthyself unspotted the world, from thou shalt go to the house of prayer and offer up thy the Savior. There are those, too, who ing man's relationship to man, and to

sacraments upon my holy day; For verily feel that their circumstances, financially God, have never changed. In fact, he

this is a day appointed unto you to rest and otherwise, are such that they can't has said: "I am the Lord; I change not."

from your labors, and to pay thy devoafford to take the day off. The counsel He is eternal; he is all wise; he, seeing

tions unto the Most High; Nevertheless thy of the Lord does not seem to apply in the end from the beginning, is not under

vows shall be offered up in righteousness their particular cases. They suppose the necessity of making changes in his

on all days and at all times; But remember they need that extra pittance or time, counsel and instruction. The gospel he

that on this, the Lord's day, thou shalt offer and are not willing to trust sufficiently has revealed for us to live by is known thine oblations thy and sacraments unto in the of promises the there Lord. Then, everlasting covenant."as "the and new

the High, sins confessing thy Most unto are those be always who may raised the depended Prophet up Lord Joseph The brethren,thy the before and Lord. on And at the upon of to be place appointed his to restore eternal Smith, word, andthis shalt thou thing. day other do none

(D. 6C. 59:9-13.) worship at the appointed time, ready, to bring the world back to these basic

and unselfishly willing to do all within unchangeable concepts from which it

A ll that the Lord does is in the intertheir power to further the work, and had strayed.

est of his children. He has counwhose lives generally conform to the Some have perhaps not thought of it

seled us in all things according to his pattern established for the Saints. this way, but just so far as our individuinfinite wisdom, and unbounded love! These could perhaps be likened to "the al lives do not conform to the word of

It is extremely unfortunate that all men salt of the earth"—these are the Saints. God, just so much is our contribution to

have not learned to trust in his judgment All appreciate, of course, that there another "falling away,"or apostasy fully. are many interpretations, and possibly from the truth.

Men need the encouragement and almost as many degrees of conformity Continuing his revealed word:

there are persons. genworld Theadmonitions to righteousness that they as it the sabbath day, to keep Remember erally, is pursuing not a course compatobtain in our places of worship. Men shalt holy. labour, thou Six days and do

need the wholesome associations of ible with the spirit of the Lord's day. all thy work: But the seventh day is the

others seeking to serve the Lord, and Some are disposed to do as they please sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt

the strength that others can lend. Men regardless. To many it is merely freenot do any work.... For in six days the

need to partake of the sacrament "in time, a day for fishing, hunting, the ball Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all remembrance"of that which the Lord park, the theater, or in short, a day that in them is, and rested the seventh day:

has done for them, thereby pledging purely of pleasure seeking. To some wherefore the Lord blessed the sabbath day,

anew their willingness to abide in the others who consider themselves victims and hallowed it. (Exodus 20:8-11.)

law of the gospel. of circumstances, it is a day for "catchMany of the evils of our day are

Members of the Church are aware ing up"on the odd jobs that accumulate traceable to the fact that men are not that the Lord has commanded that we about the house or in the yard. It is "remembering the Lord's hallowed

should "remember the Sabbath day to astonishing the number of lawns that day"; they are attempting to live by

keep it holy,"but it appears that not must be mowed and cared for on the "bread alone."The Lord cannot bless

all are agreed as to what constitutes Sabbath day, the gardens that need them with his inspiration and the "keeping the Sabbath day holy."There weeding, the garages that need paint, promptings of his spirit, because their

are some among us who justify themthe automobiles that must be polished, hearts are not in a condition so that selves in doing whatever the world and a million other things that couldn't he can reach them, and without his does, then come what may, "they will seem to be crowded into a busy work spirit to guide, the spirit of darkness always have lots of company"wherweek, so along comes Sunday, and and of opposition to light and truth ever their ultimate destination. They these things, they suppose, must be takes over.

are willing to take their chances with looked after, and, besides they say, One may never learn the price he is the many. There are those who will "this is the only free time we have."paying for any violation of the word

take the time to appear at some apIt is true that we are living in an exof God. He cannot measure the loss he

pointed meeting for worship, but with tremely complex world, and many is sustaining. Fathers and mothers in

this behind them, they suppose the rest things occur over which we have little the Church who teach their children by of the day is at their disposal to spend or no personal control. Some fine men example and precept, proper respect

as they choose. We have also the few are required by their employers, in cerand reverence, for the Lord's day, are

who are always "Johnny on the spot,"tain types of industry, to work on the on a much safer footing, for who would never think of missing a Sabbath day. Changing social condichild in the he should Train up a way afkind, all tions createmeeting in our impress problems of any and new

is old, depart will not go: he he and when

piety,within in realisolu- require of their these problems a mile but fairs, and it. (Prov. 22:6.) from

ty their religion is just a cloak covertion, and in some instances may well ing their inner selves. These would bytax our full powers of imagination and We presume that just what the Lord

pass a brother who, "having fallen judgment. We should bear in mind, meant when he said "on this day thou

among thieves"was robbed and beaten, however, that each day and generation shalt do none other thing"that as inand left by the wayside to die; they has its specific problems—such has aldividuals each will have to decide, but

would scrupulously avoid the ox stuck ways been and always will continue to in making our decisions we should each in the mire; they are the "more holy be the case. desire to come to the interpretation

than thou"type, and suppose themWe bring to the attention of all, that that the Lord intended, "for no scripture 458 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.: )

priesthood of God should point the way. If lasting peace and righteousness

are ever to spread over the earth, it will be only when the influence of those possessing the Holy Priesthood is so manifest that men will be drawn by itsHftiestW true force to the Lord's way, and sureCONDUCTED BY THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE ly any effort short of this by those bearfully is acceptnot priesthood the B. ing A. CALLIS, SMITH, FIELDING HAROLD CHAIRMAN; CHARLES TWELVE—JOSEPH of magnifying Part to the Lord. able LEE, G. ROMNEY, TAFT EZRA BENSON, MARION E. MCSPENCER THOMAS W. KIMBALL,

KAY, CLIFFORD E. YOUNG, ALMA SONNE, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, ANTOINE R. IVINS one's priesthood, is the observance of

the Lord's day.

is of private interpretation."One thing cording to the law and the prophets;...

is certain, it is wrong to do anything on But learn that he who doeth the works of the Sabbath day which does not draw righteousness shall receive his reward, even Quorum Reports for Second eternal this world, peace in and closer to the Lord. us The performance life in the Quarter Due July 15th 59:1523.) to come. C. (D. & that to the spirit world of is contrary any act

of worship is not in harmony with the The law of the Lord as pertaining to Cince reports for the second quarter purposes for which he hallowed this his holy day is as binding upon us, as ending June 30, 1946, should be in day. are other requirements of the gospel, the office of the general priesthood comWe know that some are required to and the promise of the Lord for observmittee, 47 East South Temple Street,

work for their employers on the Sabance of this law is the same as the obSalt Lake City, Utah, by July 15, it is bath. Men are responsible for their servance of other laws. Eternal life is suggested that the stake Melchizedek

acts only insofar as they are agents predicated upon full compliance to all Priesthood committees, presidents of unto themselves, but where their agency that is required. In accounting for his Melchizedek Priesthood quorums, and

expires their responsibility ends. There actions and his use of the Lord's day secretaries of quorums immediately

is a difference in working on Sunday let each make certain that he can ancheck to see if their respective responbecause one may choose to for the extra swer a good conscience toward God, sibilities in connection with the prepmonetary return, and because he is redoing only that which he knows will aration of these reports have been fully quired to. But in doing the things we have his smiles and approbation. It is met. Your usually fine cooperation reare required to do on the Sabbath, still important also to remember that the garding this will be appreciated.

let us keep the spirit of reverence and worship in our hearts. But since utilizother than the in any ing day way inNO-LIQUORTOBACCO COLUMN us from deprives the Lord tended by

partaking of the spiritual feasts other- {Conducted by Dr. Joseph F. Merrill)

wise in store for us, perhaps in some kept facts be should thers. two These conit to seek wise instances be would Wise? Are Women in girl and in every woman mind by of us deprive not that nections would is to relative women question '"Phis America. one worship. of Perhaps hour our that fact many the suggested by circumstances his the fault of the should own not make are facts these Now acquired have times recent in women with to circumstance. anything do of victim they be neither have than a rather men, almost were in older days that vices or suffrage"any "equal or rights""equal if circumstances rate, through any At alarmBut an to limited men. entirely

it been If never had question. other moot is conthat is doing which found one are vices these is that fact the thing ing mothers, should be that intended women spirit of the Sabletter the and trary to gentler sex the growing among rapidly them damage would tobacco then perhaps the to let strive to conform bath, each to taking are are more but. made and women than men; women more no—more is his it it within far spirit of as so

different to smoking a have reference they because differently have them. We power. tests life. in Repeated to perform function drinking. and the of violations law minor Wilful acrespond more that have shown women first smoking the Before World War violagreater wilful to lead invariably cause Just men. than tively do to smoking and of America the women among

little is preuntil there the tions of law of is the number growing rapidly for alarm pracrarely and was seen Britain was our opbefore and habit observance, of tense the tobacco girls law form who were those tically who among unknown maturity. physical to they come have

.'. the different. respect. of worthy c How "r*t their girls during of, part the, is of on -, 4.uthe Smoking promise the.i,following The / a,r

. 1,, TLet. changer the., situation now! 7 Why tragedy, less is a than nothing years teen ihis will observe to those.r TLord who herselt. answer guilty each torrru woman does nicotine the years for are those when law: right as have much perhaps Yes, nerve women the growing its to greatest damage

things these with as do ye inasmuch And drink; does body. but to female the of as smoke and system glandular do and men

hearts cheerful and with thanksgiving, ( indisputable. are facts 1 indulgence? their in justify this These two them for laughter, with not countenances, much that substances is the of few one Nicotine free given has not! Lord Certainly The sin, is heart a glad and a this but with

fetus; the to placenta the through passes this fact but person, to every agency I that say, cheerful countenance—Verily its in mothinfant the to passes nicotine (2) in doing justify wrong. one not any does this, the of fulness the as do inasmuch ye the of virulence the In of er's milk. view

.. to it, for is a all is things which wrong woman earth yours. Yea, Then the is, to both that nicotine damage poison

thereof, for it in the is (it season earth, is the also of wrong come Yes, smoke? is child nursing the child to and unborn

the of benefit use the for and are made reathe among to smoke), and a man beit nicotinized is both inevitable when to gladden the please to eye and both man, derived following, the sons name we in L. Baker after fore and birth.—Alonzo it hath that he pleaseth heart;... the God science: teachings of the from Health. Good

... all things unto these man; given And

in nothing doth man offend God, or against 1 Tobacco harms women physically Former United States Surgeon Gennone is his wrath kindled, save those who more than it does men. eral Hugh S. Cummings once wrote

confess not his hand in all things, and obey 2. Tobacco does more damage to the When women generally contract the

not his commandments. Behold, this is acrace through mothers than through fa- (Concluded on page 467)

JULY 1946 459

Xarovuc HPriestioo6 CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

WARD YOUTH LEADERSHIP

OUTLINE OF STUDY

Five boys AUGUST 1946 Bonneville Wardin theof

Note: This course of study is preProvoperfect Stakeattendancehad

pared under the direction of the Presidrecords at Sunday

School, priesthood ing Bishopric during for presentation sacand youth meeting, meeting the monthly of the ward meeting rament leadership to be conducted by the bishduring 1945, acto George in opric each ward. Members of the cordingSteele, deacons'adPriesthood committee Aaronic ward viser.

and of the ward committee for LatterLeft to right, front Donald row: Saint girls are expected to attend day

EuRowberry and this meeting. Peay. Second gene

"Doys and girls like to feel grown up. row:Neil Rigby,Lyle Roberts,and CeThey are seeking recognition for cil Robertson.

themselves. They wish to be treated as

real persons. Anyone who will help

them gain this feeling of selfrespect and selfconfidence will have their friendship and devotion. Such has been boy's appreciation. And the boy conhis generosity. They tried, in numerthe theme of our discussions in this tinued: ous instances, to measure up to his esticolumn during the past few months. We You don't know the whole story, Bishop. mate of them. Think of Peter!

have suggested that we can help youth You see, you believed in me and I knew A word of caution is needed in the win selfesteem: (1) by knowing and it. Dad never did. He criticized everything use of praise. It can be overdone and

calling each one under our care by I did and the way I did it. He crushed every thus become too common, cheap, and

name, (2) by giving them a mansized spark of creativeness and individuality in insincere. Praise should be earned, so

like the to seemed always but you girls to things give boys must and achieve, we to to chance and me,job do—a I did them. things the I did and You way out. responsibilities to carry and do responsibility letting bear them by ( 3 ) it. I I of faith in thought and had knew me others teach and ourshould their And we out plan and carryand own pro- I felt let couldn't that often and you you

gram under our not too obvious guiddown. selves to do things for the joy of doing

ance and leadership. them, not just to be praised. But even

There is still another way to build The bishop was surprised. He had so, just as we all like commendation,

up the selfrespect of a girl or a boy not been aware of praising and apprelet us give it to boys and girls.

It particular. in this ciating boy was use the judicious is throughand that of Discussion: Questions for

all his natboys, with and it was way unlike folks not arepraise. Young 1. react to: you do How ural him. sincere with and critius, resent they Likegrownups. Criticism? a.

find help to people Jesus knew how of appreciation lackcism, nagging, and b. Distrust?

from others. They also love to hear faith in themselves. He used praise, c. Sincere praise?

their work praised and their efforts kindness, confidence, and love in his 2. When is praise judiciously given?

complimented. dealings with others often more than 3. Illustrate Jesus'ability to help men

People gain faith in themselves they deserved. And they responded to build faith in themselves.

through the faith that others place in them. People appreciate their own

worth when it is appreciated by others. Ujow,bh Speaki Tt was a Sunday evening just like this

Young people will tend to do the kind exactly eleven years ago tonight that of work we expect them to do. They an automobile was speeding down a

will tend to be the kind of persons we California highway. Behind the wheel

expect them to be. Let us be generous of this car was a man who apparently

with our sincere praise and appreciahad spent the afternoon drinking liquor.

tion for their efforts and character. This man undoubtedly had reasons

A soldier came home recently and for drinking, which he figured justified took the first opportunity to see the him in the habit. "Well, what the

man who had been his bishop for three heck,"he thought, "it's my life. I will

years before he went into the service. WALTER live life as I please. After all it's my

V. I drink. business not to if I want am this said to veteran manThe LOWE I ruin myself. hurting but anyone may for to thank all you did for you I want

me before I left for the service. Without my life but I am not hurting anyone

your help I doubt that I would have had else."

the faith and strength to see the war On that same Sunday evening eleven through and to come back with a firmer Excerpts from a talk by Walter V. years ago, there was another automogrip on life than I had when I went away. Lowe in the Santa Ana Ward, bile driving along a California highway.

The bishop accepted modestly the Long Beach Stake The driver of this car was a young 460 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

mother. Other occupants were her

three small children, a niece, and a close WARD TEACHERS friend. This happy little group had

spent the afternoon in pleasant recreaThe teacher s duty is to watch oyer the church always, and be with and them; their strengthen totion. were now returning They

is in the church, neither hardness with see that there no iniquity And happily. singing and werehomes When lying, evil speaking; other, neither backbiting, each nor

out of the dark night the headlights of And see that the church meet together often, and also see that all the the car first mentioned came glaring members do their duty, (D. & C. 20:5355.)

down upon them. There was the

deafening roar of a crash. And then

the deadly silence that always follows l/l/ard Jeackers n/(e6sa ae for Muaviit 194-6 an accident.

When morning came, two of the "DO NOT BE DE children were no longer living. The

young mother was seriously injured, and "I don't go to church, but I consider myself just as good as many of it was feared for a time that she might those who do. The leaders of the Church expect too much. The Lord will

if our heart is right."not walk again. The niece and the not be so exacting. He will overlook many faults

friend were both hospitalized for The foregoing statement was made at the conclusion of a discussion and weeks. The only one who escaped summed up in brief the opinion of a group.

without injury was the third child. Such expressions are indicative of a trend in modern thinking. Careful

analysis of the above statement discloses that confession of neglect of duty driver the to what back Think now will is is justified of the admitted, that but laws assumption the on God is busisaid. "It first car the hadof my It is opinion difficult modified. presumptuous a to understand be how such

life It drink. if and toness I want is my implication scripture give such Ancient could and be formed. no modern

I'll live it as I please."But two young of leniency while on the other hand man has received very specific instrucchildren were deprived of their lives. tion relative to the part he must play in gaining salvation in the kingdom

"I'm not hurting anyone but myself."I of God. Not only are man's duties emphasized, but he is warned of the

wonder if he could realize the hurt, punishments to be inflicted upon the disobedient.

the pain, and the suffering that he Man is also cautioned in Holy Writ, that Satan will strive to deceive caused that mother and the father, or him in numerous ways. The prophet Nephi beheld in vision the present

the loneliness and lost feeling he day. He observed the influence of evil that would prevail and concerning

brought to the brother of the two chilthese conditions he said, "And there shall also be many which shall say:

life his asdren he murdered by living justify in will nevertheless, fear Eat, drink, commerry; be and God—he life, to ruin "If I want myhe pleased. sin; his little, take the of of because one mitting yea, advantage a little lie a

that is my business. I'm not hurting words, dig a pit for thy neighbor; there is no harm in this;... and if it so

anyone but myself."Well, he ruined be that we are guilty, God will beat us with a few stripes, and at last we

his life all right. A tenyear manslaughshall be saved in the kingdom of God.... And others will he pacify, and lull

ter sentence is a long time. And I wonthem away into carnal security, that they will say: All is well in Zion; yea,

if of the grief to thinkder he stopped all their thus the devil cheateth souls, and prospereth, Zion is well—and wife to his he brought sorrowand own to hell."carefully 28:8, leadeth 21.) (II Nephi them away down

and children. This should be not only a warning but a definite guide to him who may

Today that man is free as far as the be confused in his thinking. It should be clear that no man will be permitted

law is concerned, but I wonder if he is to write his own passport to heaven. Utter disappointment will be the

free. Has he ever been able to escape reward of him who attempts it. The Lord has never modified any of his

his own conscience? I will wager he laws. Even the decalogue remains in force. One of the Old Testament

thinks twice before taking a drink now. prophets says, "Fear God, and keep his commandments: for this is the

He learned his lesson the hard way. It whole duty of man."{Eccles. 12:13.)

is too bad that he could not have been It is usually the indolent who would make God's laws less stringent. He

reared in a Latterday Saint home and deceives himself who expects full pardon for neglect of duty. "The desire

taught the high standards and ideals of the slothful killeth him; for his hands refuse to labour."(Prov. 21:25.)

that you and I have been taught. Then Service is one of the fundamental principles of the gospel and can be best

this terrible thing might never have rendered through contact with others. The Church with its numerous

happened. activities offers a most desirable field of opportunity to serve, not only

While I was in the army I saw a lot the Lord, but our fellow men. "For inasmuch as ye do it unto the least of

or drinking, young kids just like myself. these, ye do it unto me."(D. & C. 42:38.) In conclusion these words

They would go out and get so drunk should be kept uppermost in our thoughts, "If thou lovest me thou shalt that they would have to be carried serve me and keep all my commandments."(D. & C. 42:29.)

home. When the boys would come in

at 2:00 a.m. and turn on all the lights

and whoop and scream and wake take care of them and treat them like it. Instead of thinking they were funny

everyone up, most of the fellows would babies, and think it was a big joke to I was disgusted. Disgusted to think that

join in this socalled fun. And when see their buddies in such a condition, any human being could make such a fool

the drunks would get sick, they would But not I. I couldn't stand the sight of (Concluded on page 476)

JULY 1946 461 Hjmeaiogy

Research Conditions throughone poundtheeverywholeday.city,Thisandmakesone mustit expenpay openthere woulddeclarationbe no recordbeforeof witnesses,it in the registerthen

sive work, but when one realizes that people unless the minister called them to account, in Scotland came to these cities from all parts of Scotand they repented and paid a fine. If the

did classes the land, of and the returns working 1851 people census onfrom and were several Catheryears past, Miss"Cor is there no then birthplace give or the land of the people, one wards money, not own faithful most ine has given Horner if parish the it in is useful of it is not record to the see can see census them how service in tracing the pedigrees of instead of working blindly searching parish registers.

Church members in the parish registers by parish. There is another thing that sometimes

and other records in Edinburgh, ScotTo search marriages, births, or deaths makes work in Scotland difficult—the peoland. Her work has proved so satisafter 1855, one must pay one pound every ple seemed to please themselves about

factory that a great number of orders two days, and to search for these in the old changing their names, Jean and Jane, Janet have been sent to her far beyond her parish registers one pays one pound for and Jessie, Agnes, Ann and Anna, Peter ability to cope with on a current basis. every ten consecutive days. Ten days may and Patrick, Daniel and Donald are nearly

Isabel time, and registers a long Sometimes always synonymous. of the but some believe patrons our have seem many whoWe

in terrible Elizabeth, and Elizabeth, are Janet Alice condition, and faded, a worn in orders for researchplaced Scotland

I it the etc., are found same, parts, in to even and have takes ages Jean and away

also contemplate those doingand who girl. the for used same the decipher Margaret Janet and large them. towns Usually and

so will find this report of the problems cities have good registers, but they are so Florence and Finuel, too, are the same.

and expenses in connection with relarge and the entries so numerous that your All these things one must look for; and then

search there highly informative. time is taken up in going through them. In surnames are sometimes changed without

The Genealogical Society addition to this, there are several other facany record of the fact, and if one has no tors to consider. Registration was not eninkling of the change, ancestry can easily

March 13, 1946 forced before 1855, so the people may not be lost....

Dear Brethren: have had their children christened, in which All this deals with the situation at this end,

case it will not be recorded in the old parobut there is another side too. Quite often

I notice there are several inquiries about chial registers, or the minister or session the information sent by the patrons is at peoples'not has work. Their been work relationfault in either ages, birthplaces, or clerk to the neglected record have may

it Ilost forgotten, to or haven't got but is It fault ships. christening, patrons'the not the or always bepeople have may

yet. years sending been have For you me in to dissenting recorded they cases have longed because church where many some

I partly through, could than getmore work told. these In of they kept. records not have some been what permanent were

ill just of health partly andbecause more

I almost immediately cases, reason, there stumbled have were For some unknown

I with. or could twicethan keep up Once the in information the correct patron burials and before recorded Scotland on very few

I that stop sending suggested have you work in has, course, of pleased; other cases far 1855. been the as are marriages concerned As

it still I to me, but has along have and come

I lot of before time births. the spent a to and applies as to the have money them same

I I could. best the course havedone Of in If information, getting correct the other irregularly, the that and people married were

unfortunate both withbeen my health I have not been able to accomplish and is, by a minister of another church or by cases here, abnormal conditionswith and more anything.

than once I have been tempted to throw the whole thing up, for sometimes it has seemed I know how your patrons feel; they pay

that I have been fighting alone against the O PIONEER out their money and they want results and powers of evil and was definitely no match By Einac C. Erickson they don't want to wait, but if they could

realize that there of are others hundreds

I is for this fact that them. the Only know restfinely their chiseled stone marks

all there their are done, wanting and work No I the of the going. has kept Lord work me place, ing

the to of people handful only a do work all this, understand of but square, you someknow or greening plants flowering No patient. they over here might more be I air, stifling the not. to don't cool patrons shade blameyour them do No

all, all feel the After same, they they and shelter the place, mounded Or of idea conditionsbecause they have no here, but sometimes I think it would be a No winding path where longremembering can't all have it at the same time. All work

steps have gone; to tell a them few things. good idea

shifting I Only sands were trodden upon. sentally—everythingto me is safe inanditswillturn.be doneDuringeventuthe realize of are satispatrons your that many

fied, but I am talking now of those who are Here only comes the wind in suffering mood war years it was impossible to get any help, not. And storms of dust and sparse infrequent for the government demanded men and

I rain. for find will work. somewomen war Now, I here, the people the of heads mean The

the there strand faraway on Out I suitable as help can. to as one soon in the various departments register house, loneliness solitude unbroken and Of If suitable lodgings could be found up I all that possible, that done have wasknow lost in this hope, of world a memory, A at impossible here task present) (an almost is that for they and so were anxious why pain!

I the climate and not bad, be might so were Scottish the to of take charge Ancestryme if I desert the chance parched bend by So able get but to England, from someone up but then the are Committee; spot they on sage really as things are need someone we who conditions. and know silent in prayer head And bow my is lives likely here to a and be permanent

resting faithful In of the ones It state remembrance to well fees be are what may help.

there the charged. see returns, census 1841, To is Gittins his quite in miserable Brother all, their to history's to gave add Who 1871, 1861, 1851, one must and one pay lodge, lodgings since long and have my page,

five this dollars, pound, or only enables and suitable, to ceased wait to but be have we hardships the those braved and Of who at the to for look one census one beday for better. something and work frontier, perils the of is a.m. 10 p.m. and 4 tween charge The a I things, these understand and know you failed to the hopeful, reach promised And if only one to see pound wants one

it let to well might be patrons your know. place,

if entry or the spends six one hours. whole sentient thoughts as they pass Could my sister, Sincerely your if sees the one census of or GlasgowNow tribute strength to courage, your and Pay

Edinburgh, it takes at least a week to go O PIONEER! (s) Catherine L. M. Horner

462 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A MILE IN HER occa$m$

(l5u Sam <=>LaUatuee neath the covers, her mind recoiling from thoughts of the unpleasant day ahead. stirred, awakening brow. Those lines had been etched As her tall figure descended into theto the M,.arthasound of cows lowing in the lightly when she returned from Dave's spacious chintzdraped hall, she was

meadow, the stomp of a horse in his last camp before he shipped out, and aware of the ominous quiet in the dining stall. From the front of the house came had deepened on the day the telegram room. With misgivings she moved

the cheerful clatter of the mower as from the war department advised her across the bright Navajo rugs.

Nachee, always an early riser, cut the of her husband's death.

alllawn. It Martha's sympathy had taken petulant sat with a 'oreen D.

in first trying gentleness those "The Great Spirit says the path of and table the across days. expression Jed. from

the lazy leads to disgrace,"he had told For, to Doreen, it was as though no She was pretty, Martha thought, with her many years ago, his darkskinned other girl in the world had tasted the her long honeycolored bob and face sober beneath shiny black hair. bitter cup of her sorrow. Wedgewood blue eyes, but those bitter

Martha smiled, remembering. She "How can there be a God?"she had lines around her mouth were spoiling

lay there, savoring the good morning cried bitterly, her sacrilege piercing like her looks.

sounds of the ranch, her black head of a thorn right to Martha's heart. "How Martha's eyes slid to Jed's patient

hair, cradled in the curve of her arm, can there be-—when he lets this happen face, a rugged masculine edition of

belying her fortyfive years. to me?"Doreen's, and her heart went out to

For a moment she forgot. It seemed She'd rush into her room, slamming him. At times like this Martha could

like old times. her door, and Martha could hear her understand why Jed was more fond of

But then, as a reminder, crashing sobbing over the things in her shining Claire, who possessed not a feature like like a bomb on a drowsing countryside, hope chest. his, than he was of Doreen, for Claire

came Doreen's shrill voice raised She was growing progressively was always gracious and thoughtful.

against her father in the kitchen; and worse, more bitter and complaining, Martha sat down as Ellen, the cook,

the sound of Jed's quiet, patient reply. making her mother and father miserswished through the swinging door

Martha leaned up on one elbow able. And even Claire, Martha's other with a steaming plate of pancakes.

straining to hear, her throat going dry. daughter, was worried about Doreen. "Are you going to drive into town

She could not catch their words but But Martha couldn't say much. It today for your club?"Martha asked

she could almost see Doreen's face, wasn't her nature. To her, silence was Doreen.

resentment at life lining her young the cornerstone of character. Nachee "I am not!"she replied rebelliously.

had taught her so back in her care- "Why not, dear?"

free childhood, right here on her fa- "Why should I go and listen to all ther's ranch, flung wide over many those girls gabbing about what they are acres in the shadow of the whitecapped going to do when Tom, Dick, and Harmountains. ry get home?"

Nachee was only twenty then, lithe "I know, dear,"Martha said, underin the manner of his race, but his mind standingly. "Still I think it might be

the of his people. old with wisdom was for good you to get out—take your

as come a handy man He had off yourself."on her mind

father's ranch and had remained to be "It's easy for you to sit there, telling its mainstay. me what to do!"Doreen's blue eyes

She was six then. Frightened and shy flashed like lake water in a bright sun.

at first, she'd learned to love the fine "What can you know of how I feel?"

gentle spirit beneath his red skin. She Jed's eyes met Martha's across the

would watch Nachee's understanding table, and Martha saw his knuckles go way with the animals, his gentle fingers white around his knife, his lips quiver coaxing plants and flowers to beauty. with angry words. She shook her head,

And always a great mantle of silence and the meal was finished in silence.

enveloped him, lifting only when he felt As Doreen rose from the table, she speech necessary. said, "I think I'll ride over and see Sis."

To Martha, when she'd chatter unThey heard her bedroom door slam, thinkingly, he would say, "Great Spirit and Jed said, "It's too bad Claire's and says we must guard our tongue in Charles'place is so near. I don't like

youth, and in age we may mature a Doreen troubling Claire all the time thought that will be of service to our especially now in Claire's condition."

people."Martha looked at him, love welling

He had given Martha many words inside her. He'd always been so conof wisdom to sustain her through trying siderate. She crumbled a piece of bread,

times, and yet—though she knew full deep in thought. Perhaps they'd gone well how Doreen was suffering—she too far in trying to spare Doreen any

seemed to have no wisdom with which unpleasantness.

to solace her daughter now. "I have an idea,"she told Jed sudReluctantly, she climbed from be- (Continued on page 472)

JULY 1946 463 LAST CHAPTER (Ernie Pyle. Henry Holt & Company, New

York. 1946. 150 pages. $2.50.)

eaders of Here's and Brave Your War Owelfodkrack **O this to learn be delighted of Men will last book by Ernie Pyle, completing his cycle reporting. of Ernie war Pyle When ISRAEL OFEXODUS MODERN AFTER BLOSSOMING THE shortly France, after he thought Day, D B. (N. Lundwall, Published Compiler. by (Eva Willes Wangsgaard. The Wings leftthat not he could endure war. any more the Compiler, P.O. 2033, Press, Box Mill Valley, Salt Lake California. rest, after short But his a he to on was way City, Utah. 1946. 94 pages. $1.00.) 1946. 74 pages. $1.50.) the Pacific to report there. the out "boys"on

irpHis is a timely book. The hundredth anOeaders of the Era who have loved and Probably better than any other reporter,

-*- niversary of the settlement of the Salt -** watched for Mrs. Wangsgaard's poetry Ernie learned the reactions of these boys to

Lake basin is upon us. Many of the queswill be happy to learn that she has collected war and life and the world in general.

tions concerning the famous and unparmany of her poems into a second volume Those who have followed Ernie in his alleled trek from Nauvoo to Salt Lake City of verse. Mrs. Wangsgaard writes easily columns and his books will be glad to have

are here answered. First are printed ten and beautifully, but, in addition, she writes his last experiences recorded permanently

articles by competent observers concerning with a message of hopefulness and of courin book form. M. C. /.

the origin of the plan for the exodus. Then age. It is a rare experience to touch so

follows the carefully written, daily journal valiant a spirit as Mrs. Wangsgaard, and ARE YOU AN AMERICAN?

of Orson Pratt from March 1, 1846, to July lovers of poetry will be doubly glad for (Charles Scribner's Sons, 1114 Hearst 31, 1847. There are several interesting adthis experience.-—M. C. /. Building, San Francisco, California. 1946.)

denda dealing with events of the westward incentive betto becoming a special a of themovements Latterday Saints. AlJOHNNY As ter Scribner's out bfought together, has American, the provides book picture a clear (Compiled by Harriet

including volume, this commemorativeof Israel. many of the exodus modern craft, J. A. W. City, Utah.J. Stradling. BookSalt Lake

It signifies. really includes American DIALOGUEA 1946. 295 pages. $2.00.) of the writings that indicate what being an AT GOLGOTHA

often wondered to what happened things, significant excerpts other among (Oscar McConkie. Published W. by the "TETe've

generation in of boys * that the Church Everett Hale's from Edward With- "A Man 1945.Author. pages. 414 $3.00.)

the were taught cradle to from who want out a Country,"Wolfe's and Thomas Of best the'T'he of this contents summary of to missionaries, be draft but found a who the well River, as as Time and "The Amer- * is book jacket found a page, on call for "A waiting instead of them mission a ican Crisis"Paine, Great by Thomas "The discussion the showing oneness of the teachcall. lad. such "Johnny"they a was Did Roosevelt, as Adventure"well by Theodore

ings the of ancient prophets those of and soldiers? their forget make they good Did as the Constitution the Declaration of and

the Christianity, of Founder and observing desires for missionary is activity? Here Independence. this reading Everyone bookthe doings of the from to Jews Abraham gathered his together to correspondence let will come with a underdeeper awaythe resurrection, including rise the and his family. of In letter members early he an standing of what America a means—and ofspread in Hellenism the Judea, of tells wars uncle that he's an been interviewed keener sense of obligation in a becomingthe Maccabees, the institutions, and laws, for call, a mission call the before but comes, better American.customs, and philosophies of the people's the has the policy adopted Church of not

desire this Those a of colleccopy whorights, obligations, relations, domestic priestcalling draft of letters the age. In that men

tion procure may one merely writing byhood, judicial government, systems, the and follow, gives he life: insight into his an

the to publishers, will sent. and be one trials andHebrew of of Jesus Roman in Nazaworking until is defense drafted; he work

reth and his crucifixion and resurrection."his experiences in basic training, and of—M. C. J.

Judge McConkie has done his work well. meeting with small branches of the ChurchStudents of the gospel will find much to in the mission fields near his camp; his adMARY THOMAS'BOOK OF

ponder in this volume. J. A. W, vanced training; his experiences overseas, KNITTING PATTERNS

until his mission is completed in Italy, This (Macmillan Company, New York.

AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF is a "private's-eye"view of the army, writ1945. $2.50.)

W.GEORGE BEAN ten a by boy always had to be who wanted illustrated, this planned and Excellently missionary, life his a and of Pioneer 1847, and made His army who FamilyA Records all will knitters to a book be boon his mission. L. A. (Compiled Flora Jr. by Z Diana Bean Home. old or inexperienced. young, experienced or

Published the 1945. Author. by first for basis chapters beginlay a The LIFE pages.377 $3.00.) THE OF JOSEPH VISUALIZED knitters, little ning the figures clever and

'(Edited Foster; I Dorothy by j his Fay is another drawn picture, dependable interis entire with illustrated the will which book

* esting and important, of pioneer days by William E, Fay. Standard Publishing serve to interest amateurs who might tend

in Utah and surrounding territory, beginCo., Cincinnati. 1946. 47 pages. 35c.) to become discouraged. The.author has

ning really in Nauvoo days. It is especially I"Tsing the text from Genesis 30 to 50, done a good piece of work in explanation

rich in historical It material. tells in patterns the the story and she had has which these collaborators W"have exdone an

life,of prominent a rich in to to scale achievement, reinforce instructions. the drawn cellent of job the story making of Joseph

its in duties dailywhich reveals the later chapters the The help manner advanced in vivid picture. colors and word are Theof living in early days. knitter incidents intricate with The more many also, excellent, garish not as and patterns—enough so many

willrecorded the to delight book make her reading good busy C. fingers.—M. J. are. this In books visual day educawhenfor It old. is for young and a valuable conis all tion of this us, storming approach by to intimate history. Western Mrs. the Publishing Standard seems Company IN FAITH NEGRO'S AMERICA A is to be congratulated ontributionHome producing this commendable. Already same company Macmillan (Spencer Logan. Company,so while worth record of life. her father's a little available has three made the books on 1946. pages. 88 $1.75.) York. is New accompanyingThe genealogy arwell life of Christ visualized. in Others prepranged, and should of be the to is this aration for of basic those a visualized good Bible inHPhis series book book

family and others interested. A. W. clude interest—/. the of Acts Apostles Esther. * and understandto would a sound come who

those For to ing in these situation the purchase who wish the of United Negro BUSINESSTOMORROW'S in quantity, a special books States. author the price is made wrote he The book when(Beardsley Ruml. Farrar Rinehart, and of a $3.50 /. C. in in dozen.—M. stationed September was 1945 OkinawaInc. 238 pages. $2.50.)

is dedicated those to to and are trying who of argument'T'he is this worthwhile book find racial the better to understanding. way

*- that business, properly conducted, will its in directness, simplicity Poignant and lead the world to the freedom it so much this book is one that all citizens will do desires. The theme is developed in two well to read and contemplate. The author's

main sections: Business as Private Governpreface is at once a challenge and a warnment and Fiscal Policy, and Private Busiing. The conclusion of that preface reads:

ness. There are challenging suggestions on "And if America is unwilling or unable to

almost every page. The author, who promake its own democratic way of life the

posed the payas-yougo plan, has done forerunner of a new cultural influence in here a good piece of work, which should the life of all mankind, our youth, both bewelfare.—/.read widelyA. W.for the sake of our future black and white, will have died in—M,vain."C. /.464

THE CHURCH MOVES ON {Continued from page 447) Maeser, and Brimhall buildings to a New Ocean Current feet quadrangle seven about hundred PriEighth Provo of the Ward dent "T\r. F. of the colEyring, dean Carl

is north. street to the to cut be A of R. is the wife Edwin She lege arts mary. at of sciences and Brigham University through Avenue, from and merchant. University, presiYoung former and Provo Firmage, will entrance the through be campus a dent of the States England MisNew interested been has Handley Mrs. flights several arch of and in triumph up

sion, has credited been the as by navy projects speech stairs. and theater children's

being a codiscoverer of a new ocean current off the coast of California.

The "ECR layer,"so called by using the initials of the three discoverers, Dr.

A FEW OF THE Eyring, Dr. R. J. Christensen, formerly

SERVICE PEOPLE of the San Mateo Junior College, CaliWHO DID MUCH fornia, and Dr. R. W. Raitt, formerly

TO ADD TO THE with the Geophysical Engineering CorACTIVITY OF THE poration, Pasadena, is three hundred

SANTA BARBARA miles wide and found from one was BRANCH, fifteen to feet thousand hundred below CALIFORNIA,

MISSION. the surface of the Pacific Ocean. It

THE BRANCH contains suspended material which renDEEPLY ders it denser than the water immediateAPPRECIATES ly above it and below it. The signifiTHEIR cance to man of such a new feature in

WHOLEHEARTED SUPPORT. oceanography is not yet clear.

Bremen, Germany, Branch Reorganized "pOLLOwiNG the end of the war, in spite of untold hardships, a few faithful

German brethren began the reorganization their in of branch Bremen, GerMrs. Lloyd, Mrs. Smith, Paul Lloyd, Clara Wright, Borman Sgt. Leah Sgt. right: left to First row, of many. the soldiers Some American Musser. Helen Corp. Morgan, Sgt. Thelma

(sisters). Corp. Pfc. Pulsipher, Genevieve and Gardner Maxine Corp. Ruth Hansen, H. Mrs. in there row: the helped Second were who reorgan-

H. Sgt. Corp. Jacobson, Hansen, Christensen. Calvin Donald Corp. Lloyd, Paul Capt. row: Third ization. first district The conference Sgt. Miera, Dispain. Sgt. Alberto Val Smith, Sgt. Borman Udall, Col. Fourth row:

of Lloyd. daughter Captain Mrs. Lloyd, and little is Judy front in (Continued on page standing 466) Child

classes for several years. She has also

been active in the Sunday School, Junior Seminary, Relief Society, and

M.I.A. At the time of her appointment

to the general board she was president of the Mount Ogden Stake Primary.

She is the wife of W. Harold Handley,

treasurer of Weber Junior College.

Release of Fern Chipman Eyring from the Primary general board has been announced. She has been a member of that board for a number of years

and as such has attended many Primary conventions throughout the Church.

She is the wife of Dr. Carl F. Eyring

of the Brigham Young University faculty.

B.Y.U. Building Program

Howard S. McDonald, president of

Brigham Young University, Provo, has announced an extensive tenyear building program which will begin immediately. Construction will begin this

summer on a new science building.At the

end of the tenyear period the campus is expected to be divided into three major SAINTS IN BREMEN, GERMANY hill for of the west sideareas. The Top: The Mutual Improvement Ascenter, the pursuits; sociation education herephysical as G.F.V. proknown

practically vides the only social enteraca- hill, for the of theor flat portion, tainment in Bremen.

the of side east the area; anddemic

Center. at confergroup April call Planshill for student residence. for ence thrilling most in Bremen—theThe

will that of dormitories experience constructionthe people since the for many house six thousand students, or twice beginning of the war.

the present student enrollment. Some At left: Reed C. Brown, of Koosharem

of these dormitories are already under pointed(Sevier firstStake),counselorUtah, ofrecentlythe branchapconstruction. by the district president.

A new entrance will switch the center of the campus from the present green triangle in the center of the library,

JULY 1946 465.

THE CHURCH MOVES ON

{Continued from page 465) of welfare supplies, recently sent from Conkie, Vernal, Utah; Alberta Jayne CarCalifornia; C. Angeles, Dennison Los clothrier, held of food America. the and ofsince the beginning The boxes war was

Arizona. Phoenix, Whaple, 1946. 21, Today localin April 20, the brethren ing Bremen, were unloaded by States: B. Alward, Benjamin East Central

the organization is complete with Sunof the priesthood and taken to the misSalt Lake City; Audra M. Von Almen, Bedday School, Sunday evening service, sion headquarters for storing and disford, Wyoming,'Emil Von Almen, Bedford,

testimony meeting, the Relief Society, tribution by the Relief Society. Wyoming.

and the Mutual, which provides pracEastern States: Thora Whiting, Mapleton, Utah. social entertainmenttically only the Organized in Wards Salt Central: B. Naef, Seymour North active.—.RecompletelyBremen, now

Critchfield, City; Pearl Thelda Oakformed from Lake has been Park Ward Lt. Jordan C. Brown.ported by Reed

ley, Leeds, Idaho; McMullin, Ira Edward in the of Salt Lake part Ward, Cannon

Utah. Rosenwith Stake, E. Albert Pioneer City'sHill Trees Cumorah

States: Munsee, William H. Northern bishop. vall as of the trees now growing on Falls, Thorley, Idaho; A count Idaho Max Jones Stake, has Burley Burley Fourth Ward,** the Hill Cumorah has been combeen organized from part of the Burley SecCedar City, Utah.

pleted by Boy Scout Troop 61 of the ond Ward, with Harvey J. Steel as bishop. TexasLouisiana: Robert Grant Marshall,

Palmyra Branch of the Eastern States Mesa Seventh Ward, Maricopa Stake, Randolph, Utah; Lester C. Miner, FairAl- Beebe, C. Utah; A. Mary created as view, with Egbert has been Brown Presiding filed the with J.Mission and

F. Beebe, tonah, Altonah, Austin Utah; bishop. total of 10,190, It indicates aBishopric. Utah; Farmington, Welling, Utah; Horace the Lordsburg formerly Lordsburg Ward, pine, yelpine, whiteincluding Scotch Utah; Stonebraker, Tooele, Joseph Mary the of Stake, Branch, has been Mt. Graham spruce, pine, (ponderosa) Norwaylow CaliforPedro, Simons, Langenbacker San Hill Albert with as bishop. organized

larch, vitae, European arbor Pedro, nia; Simons,American San George Wilson Stake, has Princeton been Park Ward,

and black locust. formed from portions of the Salt Lake City California.

The survey was begun under the diThirty-first and the LeGrand wards, with Western Canadian: Geraldine Betty

Cazier, Frank, Ernest Utah; Harper Nephi, director then Giles, B. as bishop. of Glade D.rection George John

Alberta, Arthur Eldon Rosemary, Canada; the Emigration at East Twentyseventh Ward, Information of the Bureauof

Clell Alberta, Garner, Canada; Raymond, Stake, of Salt part created has been from the finished under andHill Cumorah, Stirling, Alberta, Canada; Elden Hogenson, Twentyseventh City with Lake Ward, present Stott, Orval of C.direction Alberta, Canada; Loxton, Magrath, George Harrison, of Zennith the formerly bishop D. innot does survey Thisdirector. Stirling, Alberta, Frederick Alfred Zaugg, as bishop. Twentyseventh Bishop Ward, south the forest at in the Altrees the Wright, Raymond, Garth Canada;clude Leo Miller Harrison Bishop as succeeds E. Leon

end of the Hill Cumorah, which is part head of the Twentyseventh Ward. berta, Canada; Donna Snow Wright, Rayof the original timber area which is beEdison Ward of Pioneer Stake, Salt Lake mond, Alberta, Canada; Elmer Lewis Spacklieved to have covered most of the hill City, has been created by a division of the man, Raymond, Alberta, Canada.

States: MickelReuel Willard Western to Poplar a added Grove which was it include Ward more does time, norat one Falls, sen, Idaho; Idaho Lucinda M. Maria the portion of Thirtysecond and Ward, several pine and red thousand onethan Albert Burley, Idaho; George HyHymas, officially the disBrighton which was Ward, planted seedlings locust blackhundred Burley, Idaho. mas, sustained organized. E. Buehler Orson was

in 1943. of the as Edison bishop Ward. April has Church the that is It estimated Stake, has been Wells Browning Ward,

planted between thirty and fifty thouorganized from part of the Whittier Ward, California: Anna Elizabeth Weigel, Salt

sand trees on the Hill Cumorah since with E. Wilford Edman sustained as bishop. Lake City; William Otis Bigelow, Magrath,

purchasing the property in 1929. The The North Twentyfirst Ward, EmigraAlberta, Canada; Caroline Dorothy H.

trees are thinned out as growth retion Stake, has been created by a division of Boehme, Bountiful, Utah; Frederick Arno

quires. Montthe SaltTimminsLake CitywasTwentyfirstsustained asWard.bishopW.of Boehme,Brown Mower,WoodsFarmington,Cross, Utah;Utah;SusannahGeorge

Tabernacle Organist Wins Radio Poll the new ward. H. Mower, Farmington, Utah; Walter C.

Mitchell, O. Parowan, Utah; Selma Mary of the Salt Eleventh The West Ward Salt Lake Schreiner, Alexander Ivory Utah; Myrtle Parowan, orMitchell, been Stake Emigration has City Lake*"* recently organist, has Tabernacle Slack, Toquerville, Utah; Walter H. Slack, of the Eleventh from a portion ganized

placed second in popularity among Ward, with W. S. Winegar as bishop. Toquerville, Utah.

poll conducted by in a organistsradio Falls Idaho Seventh Idaho North Ward, May America. The Musical magazinethe portion Falls created Stake, a from has been British: presi- B. mission Brown, Hugh music five hundrededitors had quizzed Falls of the Fourth and Idaho Ward the dent, Salt City; Alberta Margaret Lake

editors of United States and Canadian former Highland Park Branch. Bishop Brown, Salt Lake City; Zina Card Brown,

newspapers during the course of this Lloyd P. Mickelsen presides over the new Salt Lake City.

survey. ward. California: Elijah Allen, mission presiMontaire Ward, Sugar House Stake, has dent, Mesa, Arizona; Lydia S. Allen, Mesa,

Old Folks'Day been formed from parts of the Wasatch Arizona; Christian W. Christensen, Pocatello, bishop. with as Idaho. Denning Ward, W. Vernal its seventymarked City LakeSalt Stake, Central Davis Fifth Bountiful South States: Fred H. Mason, Idaho Ward,

first annual Folks'Day Old Falls, the Idaho. of parts Bounfrom organized been June 19, has

as more than five thousand oldsters tiful First and Third wards, with Floyd W. East Central States: Agnes P. Cook

came to Liberty Park for a day of Parkin as bishop. Coles, Ogden, Utah; Henry B. Coles, Ogmerriment. Luncheon was prepared den, Utah; Lorenzo D. Young, Farmington,

and served by members of 109 Relief Branches Discontinued Utah; St. Georganna E. B. Young, Farmington, Utah. area. Salt in the LakeSocieties has Stake, been Deseret Branch, Topaz Call, States: Eastern Roseville, Anson V. included the day during Speakers a warcreated This was California; California; Roseville, Mary Call, Smith, AlbertPresident George at the for personnel employed Mayor branchdiscontinued. JapFalls, Gailey, C. Idaho. Idaho Gordon

Secretary Utah's Glade,Earl and in southwestern center relocation of anese J. S. England: Rayola DraGordon, New to transferred E. E. was Utah. Monson.State Membership the per, Utah; Sarah Lola Logan, Humphreys, Branch. Abraham prizes of were worth than $250 More Christie Olsen, L. Utah; Utah. Moroni,

Stake, Portland has Branch, Port Van the group. of Oldest togiven members States: Salt Bunker, Southern Ezra Lake transthe discontinued been and members inpersons attendance Mrs. were Anna City; B. Idaho; C. Lydia Dowdle, Rigby, ferred to the University Ward. 102, C. and Rasmussen,C. ManJoseph Robert Rigby, Idaho; P. Oliver Dowdle, H.

ning, who says he is 101 Missionaries Released McCartney, Mesa, Arizona; Frank E. Roberts, Salt Lake City; Zella M. L. Roberts,

Norwegians March Salt Lake City.

President A. Richard Peterson of Canadian: Reed L. Wasden, Scipio, SpanishAmerican: Helen Marjorie Jenthe Norwegian Mission reported berta,Utah; Canada.Irene Muriel Briggs, Calgary, AlClellan,sen, Hollywood,Venice, California.California; Rose Mae Mcthe arrival, on April 5, of two carloads Central States: Charles William Mc- (Concluded on page 470)

466 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NoLiquor-Tobacco %fe.

Column (Concluded from page 459) W'smoking habit (as they are now doing) the entire nation will suffer. The physical

tone of the whole nation will be lowered. published by

This is one of the most evil influences in

America today. The habit harms a womanmore than it does a man. CTFVENS&WALUSSTEVEN,,

It said of that about one third was OF H"6the of for inAmerica, boys examined.PUBLISHERS

duction into the United States Army, were rejected because of physical defects. To what extent were smoking

mothers responsible for these defects?

To what extent are delinquent parents responsible for their delinquent children growingand for the among CAN WE BELIEVE crime wave the youth of the land? Exact figures are THE WITNESSES OF THE

not at hand, but all knowing are relativelyus they people tell BOOK OF MORMON very large.

Read what Dr. John A. Widtsoe says

Public health has to do with the infant about the importance of the testimony death rate, and girls who are taking the mentof theseEra"elevenfor June,men 1946.in the (Page"Improve385,

"tobacco road"to nervous instability, sal- "Evidences and Reconciliations"; and

381. Bookrack.") The Page "On oflow complexions, lack freshness, and

for the Published first time nowsterility, that pigs guinea exshould know this beautiful iorm, volume, "THEin WITbook

NESSES THE OF MORMON,"to BOOK OF tobaccoposed often smoke had young of contains a documentary wealth dead,born dwarfed, and normal below historical information which dence and evi-; ms&

invaluable to every Book of Mormonweight; that the is is tobaccoblowing mother

in easyto-read Printed student. large

threatan additional infant to our rate death is Price, $2.25which already Howells, J. too high.—T. PostpaidM.D., Director Health, Public Salt Lake

County.

That more and more women are drinking some kind of alcoholic beverage is fact. another admitted tenThis IIFE HEBER C. KIMBALL OFdency people our bitamong should be F. Whitney By Orson

Gift Edition Largeterly opposed, especially our by wom520 pages en's organizations. eyes of To the many

men a pitiable and revolting sight is Price, $3.00

a drunken, or a smoking woman. Postpaid

Sale By the Drink THREE MORMON

TThe movement in Utah known by this CLASSICS title has sailed under false colors, Thrilling Stories of and many people have been misled in <=%2?: GeorgeWilford Q.WoodruffCannon

consequence. The question is not shall Jacob Hamblin

we have sale by the drink rather than Price, $2.50

continue the sale by the package, which Postpaid is the current method. The movement

salewants the drink by in addition to "It M.i. "HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH

sale the package. Further, by it wants By His Mother

liquor obtainable at hotels, lounges, LUCY MACK SMITH restaurants, cafes, stores, clubs—any Price, $2.50

place where the operator cares to get a Postpaid license permitting him to sell. The more...... FILL OUT AND MAIL Tffls COUpoN --------

<S INC., WALLIS, STEVENSof these all clubs and St., 33 Richards City places—night Salt Lake Fine These

Please the send books below:1, Utah checkedthe pleased will the liquor intermore also are Books

of The the Witnesses Three ClassMormon at allests be, Sale also the will pleased more the For of Book 52.25 ics Mormon $2.50 leading bookgamblers, lawless elements underand Life of Life C. Heber KimJoseph Smith D dealers. ball 53.00 3 Mother By Hisof $2.50world in All become. people Utah who

enclosed. Payment C.O.D. Send your D Orderprefer sobriety, order, law and and good

government, should stand firm against copy TODAY Name this move for a referundum vote at the Address

November election. Hence let all such

people refuse to sign the petition for "sale by the drink."Let us put liquor

farther away, rather than bring it nearing Stevens PUBLISHERS OF &WAllis,36 RICHARDS STREETer to us, accompanied, as be, it would by all the evils notoriously associated FINE BOOKS SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

with drinking.

JULY 1946 467

\\iEra Campaign (Continued from page 431) Uvada—PercentDivisionof quota 11 157.8%

Parowan—Total subscriptions 580 subs.

Chicago—PercentDivisionof quota12 234.2%

Oahu—Total subscriptions 540 subs.

TEA GARDEN PRESERVES taste like home Division 13 like homemade. they're made because made fresh Phoenix—Percent and fruitorchard-ripe table fine Same Maricopa—Total ofsubscriptionsquota 796279.7%subs. gentle cook slow,.. same sugar. pure... same

ing, so the fruit is true in color, rich in flavor. Division 14

South Los Angeles—Double citation

subs. winner

HIT! MENU Long Beach—Special 372.0%total subscrip-1,525

fling serve two menu a T o give your subs. 1,184 tions

>r three kinds of Tea Garden Preserves,.. put them in a sectional glass dish Division 15

to show off their appetizing colors! Sacramento—Percent of quota 157.1%

Oakland—Total subscriptions 691 subs.

missions, division leaders inIn theOOOOOOOOO: cluded

Division 1 IN USE fir OVER FIFTY MRS California Mission—Percent of quota

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple 368.9%

sore throat and other minor mouth Northwestern States Mission—Total

and throat irritations. subscriptions 1,104 subs.

Division 2 HALLS REMEDY Western Canadian-—Percent of quota388.0%

Salt Lake City, Utah Northern States—Total subscriptions

<3<*3*><3<x3K><3k>0><><3k><3><><3<> 1,008 subs.

Write for catalog and prices Southern States—DoubleDivision 3citation winof the ever popular NOW—The Teachings of Western ner States—Special443.5%total 2,892subsubs.

THE LESTER ORSON scriptions Division 4 502 subs. Eastern States—Percent of quota 371.3%

PRATT EasttionsCentral.: States—Total subscrip730 subs.

the >lsy, ClJ\oss great... menone ofof his Central Pacific—DoubleDivision 5citation winHere generation.

are 600 pages of ner 355.6% 96 subs

his finest writings SPINET and discourses—'T'wo special honor groups were the

priceless for home, A "1,000 Club"members, which inward, or quorum cluded:

library. PIANOS Southern States Mission 2,892

Tone quality, touch and action, appear- $Ooo South Los Angeles Stake 1,525ance and value are all found in these 3 Long Beach Stake 1,184 wonderful Spinets. Northwestern States Mission 1,104

of far the "So law follows as anyone - 1,096 Stake Angeles If Los righteousness, so... limited quantities, inMusical merchandise 1,008 States Mission lives in Northern he to be a day Godis happy.speaks,

stock. Pratt. happy, is now in he must obey."—Orsonwhenfar he

and the "Double Honor Roll"representing groups with every home in the 18BDDKCRAFTRichards St., Salt Lake City 1, Utah ward or branch having The Improve*

merit Era. Lovell Ward of Big Horn

BOOKCRAFT Stake probably has the outstanding

Please send the books checked below: record in this group, having had the

G WritingsPratt and Discourses of Orson $3.00 "Era in Every Home"in the ward for

Compiled by N. B. Lundwall the past seven years. The wards and

D The ImmortalBy AlbertPioneersE. Miller $3.00 branches entitled to this special honor

A complete music store PaymentSend me enclosed.your complete bookSend list.C.O.D. everyand distinctionhome in theirforareahavingare as followsreached

47 So. Main St. Salt Lake City 1 Name Address Lovell Ward (Big Horn Stake)

<3K><Sk><SK><3k>SK><SK><SKx3*C><S>C 7th Consecutive Year 468 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Era"Campaign 248 Subscriptions 186 Homes Newcastle Ward (Parowan Stake) 27 Subscriptions 22 Homes Chehalis Branch (Seattle Stake) 90 Subscriptions 83 Homes Milburn Ward (North Sanpete Stake) 16 Subscriptions 16 Homes North Shore Ward (Chicago Stake) 90 Subscriptions 83 Homes Pomona Ward (San Bernardino Stake) 78 Subscriptions 77 Homes Elysian Park Ward (San Fernando Stake) 101 Subscriptions 98 Homes Aurora Branch (Chicago Stake) 12 Subscriptions 12 Homes Lincoln Ward (Idaho Falls Stake) 85 Subscriptions 79 Homes Colonia Juarez Ward (Juarez Stake) 58 Subscriptions 55 Homes Capitol Ward (Phoenix Stake) 99 Subscriptions 89 Homes "gotogether"COLORS Branch Batavia (Eastern States Mission) Delicate NEW SEE WHAT NEW

Subscriptions 30 redecorating bugaboos with do away "gotogether"3 Homes COLORS (California Mission) home, in your Branch color Indio more wanted you've Perhaps

Subscriptions 24 felt you DO FOR YOUtones; strong of too afraid been but

7 Homes (California Mission) couldn't match your woodwork with your walls. 1. Tie in adjoining rooms Branch Banning

17 Subscriptions Fuller has solved that with NEW "gotogether"harmoniously.

11 Homes colors delicate variety of clean, COLORS—a Branch (Eastern States MisWashington separate fin- 2. Let you colormatch in three matched and readymixed

sion) that walls woodwork softtoned and beautifully is so ishes. Each color Subscriptions 29 in -a finishes freely all over of three choice be used colors can "gotogether"8 Homes

flat, semigloss or full Charleston Branch (Southern States Misthe house. Now you can do things with paint! soft

gloss. sion) average redo an can too! You Subscriptions Inexpensively, 236 "gohat. of And a new the cost room for about 3. Give a wide choice of 62 Homes

paints! oilbase colors last—they're (California Mission) together"that colorful backgrounds Ojai Branch places in some days increases. Some Demand Subscriptions 22 your present will go with

frequently. but are scarce; we ship some colors 20 Homes

Senatobia Branch (Southern States MisAsk your dealer! W. P. Fuller s? Co. furnishings.

sion) 22 Subscriptions 6 Homes For big painting jobs Montgomery Branch (Southern States Misita reputableis wise to Paintingcall in sion) Contractor.

41 Subscriptions 11 Homes Moultrie Branch (Southern States Mission) 10 Subscriptions 3 Homes NEW Kingston Branch (Eastern States Mission) 10 Subscriptions 6 Homes Palmyra Branch (Eastern States Mission) COLORS 21 Subscriptions 14 Homes Verde Valley Branch (California Mission) 62 Subscriptions THERE'S A FULLER PAINT DEALER NEAR YOU 41 Homes 469 JULY 1946 THE CHURCH MOVES ON (Concluded from page 466) April 10, 1946, in Liberty Ward, Liberty

Stake.

TexasLouisiana: BishAnnie Marie H. Brubaker, born Charles Grover May 26,

op, Delta, Bishop, S. Delta, Utah; Raymond elder. April 1884, Excommunicated

Utah; Mary T. Busch, Monterey Park, Los 1946, in Liberty Ward, Liberty Stake. 25,

Angeles, California; Christian Busch, Mon12, 1898. Pulse, February born LCCOMPLISHMENT Eva Faye

terey Park, California. Angeles, Los 1946, in 28, April Barnum Excommunicated o>ishould always be the result Emile C. Logan, Dunn, Utah; Tongan: Stake. Denver Ward,

Evelyn Utah. H. Dunn, Logan, energy when is expended. 8, 1916, Farling, born Henry John May

States: Western Victor 17, 1946, Excommunicated R. White, Goshdeacon. March Yet, like a dizzily spinning en, Utah. District, States Misin Eastern Maryland

top, many businesses go sion. Excommunications 15, September M. Brodie, born Fawn 'round in the preparation of \T 1, 1946, 7alter Franklin Compton, born April 1915. Excommunicated June

advertising and get nowhere. 25, 1Q1Q1919, priest. Excommunicated New England Mission. in

Month after month, the same thing happens again and again and nothing is accomMISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSIONARY HOME MAY 6, 1946, AND DEPARTING MAY 16, 1946 plished but the expenditure of NaomiLeftWoodto right,Salter,firstSheilarow:C. ColeenWinterton.Hill, Edith Williams, Beth Miller, Don B. Colton, director; Faye Ensign,

dollars that could be made to Anderson,SecondRoyalrow: Mower,GeorgeVictorWeber,V. Bell.Morris Haderlie, Joy E. Bowen, Margrit Johnson, Anna Lindgren, Gerda

produce results. The function FourthThird row:row:L. JessieNielsenS. Clark,Cheney,JanetRuthClark,L. DeWitt,Joyce Phillips,Donna PearlL. Alsop,B. Lee,EileenGrettaR. Tolman,Bingham,BenjaminVirginia Livingston.Barton, H.

of a printing organization toLandward,Fifth row:Betty UrbanMadson,S. Cheney,George W.BarbaraLee, AftonCoombs,Webster,Elaine BeverlyF. Gold,Fames.Oliver Jones Bennett, Ivan R. Nielson,

day is to help clients to plan Ivy Kowallis,Sixth row:FlorenceAlene M.Atkin,Joseph.Harold V. Gividen, Donald L. Farnsworth, Stephen E. Sherwood, Richard J.

printing that builds sales Oliekan,SeventhGerretrow:Jongejan,Ethel VirginiaByron Buckalew,D. Thomas,HerbertJesse L.QuentinMcCulley,Bahr,ArthurGeorgeJoseph.E. Magnusson, Lawrence H. Packard,

to take copy and dramatize it, WilliamLowell Beardshall.Woltjer, Adrianus von Tussenbroek, Sr., George J. Buckway, Dale L. Gardner, Donald K. Clark, D.

make it so irresistibly attracOwenEighthWright,row:DonaldChristianE. Bennett,E. Neilson,WendellDavidH.Christensen,Hall, ReuelHarveyJ. Nielson.T. Johnson, N. David Dunn, Cornelius de Jong,

tive that it must naturally Mathias,NinthLynnrow:H.JayDavis,D. McDaniel,Ivan Oakeson,MarianHeberCummins,J. Jacobs,MadgeFerriesFuller,B. Zaugg.Madeline Gibbie, Velda Leatham, O. Boyd

J. L. Barrett, Belnap, A. Barfuss, Tenth row: Lewis Kenneth J. Merrill, William G. Stroud, Nora W. Scott draw the reader's attention.

Jr., B. Hall. Shirley Peterson, Eccles Albert R. O'Brien, White, Keith Martha

Preston row: V. Dees, Lawrence R. Purdie, Lyle Reid Jenkins, Oather R. Roper, Eugene V. The waste of which we speak Flowers,EleventhLorenzo H. Snow.

is often due to lack of underTwelfth row: John S. Kelley, Phillip K. Humphreys, A. Henry Smith, Albert H. Stoler.

standing. Realization of this

has made us sales minded.

Your selling problem is our problem, and our experience puts us in a position to print your sales story so that it will get results.

The Deseret News Press Creators of Distinctive PrintingBinding

Phone 4-5521

29 Richards Street Salt Lake City, Utah

MISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSIONARY HOME MAY 20, AND DEPARTING MAY 30, 1946

Left to right, first row: Lois Gordon, Ruth Lang, Helen Swenson, Ruth Erickson, Don B. Colton, director;

George Furner, Ruth Bowman, June Oblad, Elva Jones, Ruth Egli.

Second row: Joan Marie Toonks, John Walton Waite, Arva Williams, Berkley Orr, Orson C. Hofer,

Rowena Richardson, Mae T. Johnson, Annie M. Garside, Nona Cook, John A. Butterfield.

Third row: Charlene Stirling, Deone Eskelson, Leo Laramie Wilson, Mildred Oleson, A. Theodore Johnson,

you have used our Costumes AaronFourthGarside,row:LeolaWillminaLeavitt,Robinson,Fern C. DelphineButterfield.Grace Sterner, Glenna Gale Hughes, Edwin L. Johnson, Louie

YOU KNOW THEY ARE THE Richardson,Fifth row:BarbaraWayneEmmaShaw,Crane,MaryJunePhyrlShelley,Curtis,BurleyBethThompson,Fisher, FrederickClarence S.Richardson,Musser, AlbertAnnaC.BelleWood.Shurtz,

BEST for your play or opera LuainaSixthSorensen,row: RenstjeLucille B.Crandall,Vanderlinden,Kaye L.NicholasJensen. Vanderlinden, George Nichols Waite, Betty Jean Stocking,

production. Beverly Phillips, Ralph H. Andrus, Jr., Richard Boberg, Meryl Leavitt, William Karris Gheen.

Seventh row: Betty J. Killpack, Daisy B. Merrill, Albert R. Hogan, Doril Miller, Mark Anderson, Ephraim

A. Hansen, Ula Burgess, Belva Scott, Camilla Freestone.

Hillam's Costume Shop VelmaEighthH. Hoggan,row: WilliamJohn W.EdwardRice, SterlingKingsford,E. LendonYeaman,K.J. Barney,Claire Peterson,Eileen ChabotDavid Schuenman,Astin. Lewis C. Elison,

Salt Lake City, Utah Bang,J NinthBrucerow:G. McGregor,Deslie Dalton,HenryDonaldC. Garton.Sandberg, Esther J. Smith, Richard L. Brown, Carl P. Buetler, Victor

L. Tenth row: William Beck, Alvin Barker, S. Chamberlain, H. L. Fields, Wendell L. Clarence Victor 10 ROOMS FILLED Francis F. WITH SPLENDID Checketts, Estle D. E. Wiggill, Smith, F. Smith, Theodore Keith Thompson, Thurlan Anderson, Doyle COSTUMES Nielsen, Oliver, Charles Cook, Allen I. Manwaring, Rondo Barnes Charles W. Eastwood.

Eleventh row: Harold D. Price, Max A. Newren, Sterling Stott, James C. Carrier, Preston H. Porath, E.

Marion Cox, Jesse N. Hawkins, Fay S. Parker, Gilbert Echols.

470 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FOUR DAYS I WAS DEAF (Concluded from page 440) Instantly I saw the nurse struggling Edison's genius went so far! Now I

A fter patience on both my part and to conceal her amusement, but to no can understand how his brainchildren rJr the doctor's, a portion of my lost avail. She soon was laughing outright. were conceived. I sometimes think

hearing was restored. Because it However, the doctor just went on that aweinspiring clarity of brain, born

alien that "I the the fact no sound comes say want you to I briskly, word of little at so very a time,came back "I off at in the crashing thoughts then. to send 'church.'couldn't I laughed it. first realizedscarcely aware I was

of the sound of the nurse's shoes on the help it. tangents, is an asset. Why was I given

floor when she walked across the room. this fourday period of deafness? PerThat first day, the doctor asked me a Now after my hearing has been rehaps to write this little sermon on kindquestion, and I thought it was somestored to normal again, I feel that I'll ness.

thing about "church."I struggled to never forget my visit to the land of the

comprehend. I ran over in my mind his deaf. There are compensations, I feel, The old adage:

reason for asking me something about to him who finds himself permanently "church."Probably they want to know deaf, but adjustments must be made. "Politeness is to do and say,

to what church I belong, I concluded, And I appreciate now that strange The kindest things in the kindest so I spoke up, telling the doctor and clarity of brain in that vast quietness, way,"nurse the name of my church and how where every syllable of every thoughtlong I had been a member. word is startlingly clear. No wonder can be applied to the deaf, too.

This little message is about People [- the Folks you meet

at Pep 88Vico service stations when you drive in.

Friendly, conscientious men and women, they're extremely anxious

to please you. Most of them operate their own business.

They're important factors in their neighborhood or

community. dt$?0& Their principal desire and ambition is to

supply the kind of service which will bring you back

again and again. They sell nothing but products of highest quality,

which they can proudly recommend. In their behalf,

we thank you for your patronage and friendliness. You're always

welcome at Pep 88Vico stations. tul They're at your service

to help you "Go Places and See Things."

Qet highest quality products at (ijrocq

PEP 88VICO STATIONS AND DEALERS

Oil Utah

Refining \T\PEPigasoline'Company % 7iATLAS Pep 88 Ethyl Pep 88 Regular Vico, Quaker State Atlas

Gasoline Gasoline Motor Oils Products

JULY 1946 471 A MILE IN HER MOCCASINS (Continued from page 463) But she knew the wisdom of activity denly. She went to the phone and when things bogged one down, so she

presently Claire's bright "hello,"warm got into her gardening clothes, tucked as a summer morning, came over the her hair under a sun hat and went out wire. into the flower garden. She stood

"Doreen said she was going to ride breathing the air that blew dry and over to see you,"Martha told her. bracing off the desert, her eyes turned

"Good! The children will love to see toward the turquoise vault of the sky.

her, and we'll do what we can to cheer It used to be good just to be alive her up."before Doreen's unhappiness tangled

"No. I have a better idea. You come them all in its clutches like some monover here—alone—and for a change strous octopus.

we'll have Doreen cheer you up!"She sank to her knees on the cushion

"But you've said right along she of lawn and dug her fingers deep in the

It shouldn't she have anything was, to Mother. You're be close not suggesting—to upset her, reflected,earth aroundgoodthefor flowers.the spirit

"Yes, I want you to tell her about the to the soil.

...made with CINCH CORN operation you must have. She's fond of Suddenly a shadow fell in front of

BREAD MIX. Each package conyou, Claire, and this may be just what her and she looked up into Nachee 's

tains ALL necessary ingredients. she needs to shake her out of herself."redskinned face, furrowed deep with

Just water, bake. mix and add think in the dust you so, Mother. I'll age. etched a pattern He "Well—if

Split muffins, Try this! fill with can."as I said, as soon a come tines of his rake the and with

dab of butter Martha told Doreen and, some time "Miss Claire was unhappy."

jelly and and station her later, Claire drove up in admitted, as to a "Yes,"Martha replace in oven across the wagon. yard She came ever lookfriend. status had no servant For a for minute

or two. ing very smart in her green hound's entered into her father's relationship

tooth suit and brown felt hat over her with Nachee, nor with her when the

Try Cinch auburn hair. ranch became Martha's.

Waffles and "Doreen is in her room,"Martha told She leaned back, wiping a smudgy

Cinch Hot her. hand across her brow.

Cakes, Too.'"I hope you're right about this, "Frankly, Nachee, Doreen is making

Mother."us all miserable. And we can't criticize

A CINCH FOR FLAVOR her when she has this burden to bear."

VjLaire's heels tapped up the "You, too, have carried your burstairs, and Martha heard Doreen say, den,"Nachee said. He leaned on his

"What a smart hat, Sis! I'd look terrake, his eyes lifted to the distant peaks.

looks—rible in it, of course, but with your the"Domoccasins?"you remember the prayer about

drop and sat tensely in the living room pose, and Martha gazed at him, wonAS MAN EATS Martha checked an impulse to eavesNachee never spoke without purwaiting. deringly.

Presently, not criticize "Yes. Claire came down, her Grant—I—may

glistening. probing neighbor,"she said slowly, AND DRINKS eyes my

that, believe in large meas- "until We her a I have walked memory, "Why, my dear—?"ure, as eats drinks, a and man she's in his moccasins.""Mother, worse off than any of mile

is he. food, so For nature has

realize."us solemnly. Nachee nodded "Your fruits of given the us sun and

soil. These are priceless treas- "What do you mean?"daughter, too, is your neighbor,"he

ures, conducive to health of "She was completely indifferent to told her. "Think well on that, my

mind. these, Besides and body friend."trouble. She knows much my how stimulants. need no we

Charles give and I have Pat hoped to Martha watched him walk away with agree, interYou will be who ested in a delicous drink that and Bob a brother or sister—and the grace and dignity as confused thoughts

is made from grain and fruit. fact that this operation the doctor says laid claim to her mind. She'd always

And this delightful, wholesome I must have will end that hope meant believed silence was the best course.

contains beverage no caffeine, absolutely nothing to her. She told me But perhaps Doreen needed something other stimulants, narcotics. or

was lucky I had Charles."startling to make her aware that hers FICGO is known to millions of—I

people who think sanely about "Oh, no!"wasn't the only unhappiness in the

food and drink. It is made of "She hurt me, Mother. I'm afraid no world.

roasted barley and treeripened one can bring her out of this!"Hesitation at what it involved, howCalifornia figs. ever, held her on her knees for a long noncoffee drinkers It iswhoa boonadmitto "Oh, my dear, I'm so sorry."Martha

tedly, and rightly, enjoy a put her arm about Claire. "I'd never moment. "Let silence be your motto till wholesome hot drink with their have suggested it if I'd dreamed—duty bids you speak."Nachee had said

meals. Wholesome FICGO can "It's all right, Mother—-it was worth that long ago. With sudden penetratfreely be recommended as a a try."Claire picked up her bag. "I ing insight, Martha realized that only healthful drink for the whole

family. must get back to the children."in giving Doreen something greater than

Martha saw Nachee, out in the yard, her sorrow, could happiness be bought

LEONARD H. BALLIF. President watching Claire as she drove off. for all of them.

California Ficgo Company She sat with tears spilling over, With a quick little prayer for guidLos Angeles, California thinking what a mess she'd made of it, ance in the words she should use, and, all at once, it seemed as though Martha rose to her feet and walked life was too much for her. firmly into the house.

472 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A Mile in Her Moccasins

JL/oreen sat on her hope chest and her blue eyes swiveled dullytoward her mother. FOR COLORFUL

"I don't believe you know it,"Martha said resolutely, "but you've hurt

Claire."Doreen stared, her ears so illattuned HOMES

to the jarring note of censure.

"For pity's sake!"she snapped.

"What was I supposed to do?"

"Forget yourself for a moment and show some sympathy for Claire,"Martha retorted. BENNETTS

"I'm in no mood for criticism,"

Doreen said irritably. "What you don't seem to realize is PAINTS

that we've all carefully avoided criticizing or upsetting you for some time, w WALLPAKfcSDoreen."

head, tossed her her Doreen hair FOR CLEAN, SHINING HOMES like sunlight. glinting of gold in a shaft

"Then why are you criticizing me now?""There's an Indian prayer—"Marbegan.tha

Doreen snorted. FOR EVERY HOUSEHOLD USE

"Wait! You must listen. It goes,

'Grant I may not criticize my neighbor BENNETT GLASS & PAINT CO.. SALT LAKE CITY

until I have walked a mile in his mocBRANCHES AND DEALERS IN UTAH AND IDAHO casins.'"Martha's eyes looked steadily into Doreen's. "And I have walked

many miles in yours!"

Doreen's mouth fell open.

than | Carbon Bisulphide Makes Good Neighbors! "When I was young—younger

you,"Martha went on slowly, "I, too, lost my husband—"She saw Doreen [shake/ neighbor, thanks for O.K. WEIL BURY THE HATCHET]

start. "He was killed in a mine blast cleaning up those noxious NOW THAT YOU HAVE GASSED

and I—I was going to have a baby!"weeds which were about THOSE PESKY SQUIRRELS "Mother!"to get us both down. full OVER THERE. WE BOTH OWE

"Claire is your halfsister, Doreen. I crops and good prices A DEBT OF GRATITUDE TO

married your father the year after she THIS YEAR REALLY MEAN CAR80N BISULPHIDE.

was born."SOMETHING*

Doreen sat visibly shaken for a long moment. "Oh, Mother,"she said then, "how awful for you!"She stretched out her

handwhy—-whyimpulsivelyhave youtowardneverMartha.told me?""But

"Your father and I decided it was best this way."

Doreen's eyes misted and she clasped her hands and stared hard at them.

"Oh, Mother, I—I've been so selfish

so blind!"Her voice suddenly shook.

"I thought it was natural for you to be kind and good because you'd always hadft everything easy. If I'd only known

. She looked up, and Martha took her

handkerchief and wiped her eyes.

"You see, my dear, I knew God has a way of working these things out.

That's why it hurt me so dreadfully to hear you say—

"Oh, Mother, I'm so sorry and ashamed for the things I've said!"

After a moment, she asked, "Does WHEELER, REYNOLDS & STAUFFER, 636 California St., San Francisco

Claire know this?"

"No,"Martha told her. "And she Distributors—WASATCH CHEMICAL CO., Salt Lake City and Branches

(Concluded on page 474) JULY 1946 473 A MILE IN HER MOCCASINS {Concluded from page 473) Martha went to the window and saw mustn't be worried now so I want you Doreen run across the yard with a to keep this a secret for the present."pleasant wave toward Nachee. Then

She paused. "It won't make any difshe sank into a chair, feeling quite

WNNEFCUSFARDS Doreen?"ference in your feeling toward her, thespent.blueShedamaskleanedofherthedarkchair.head against

"Oh, no, Mother! How could it?"Jed would be glad. He'd understand.

And suddenly, it was as though And it would be just like old times

Martha could see scales of selfishness again, she thought, as a sweet fragrance drop from Doreen's eyes—a lift of rewafted through the door from the hall.

sponsibility square her shoulders. Ellen was baking muffins. Martha

These EGGLESS "I'm going to Claire,"she said. "She realized, for the first time in months,

NONCOOKED CUSTARDS might need me."she was really hungry.

'make a hit She went toward the stairs. On the

lT the door she turned and landing she glanced the through win- A, with everyone looked at her mother. Then in she came the dow and Nachee saw down

swiftly her. kissed and for yard. "Thanks up, smile a wise on his He looked her Small dad—may Susan—and telling me,"she said softly face, and left the saluted her and with of a wave milk. drinking they balk at But love room. his hand.

deliit these into to eat when made cious rennetcustards Rich in the protective food values of milk—and the rennet enzyme makes them more THE STRUCTURE OF THE BOOK OF MORMON

readily digestible than milk itself. (Continued from page 437) in the record of the Nephites and

let us consider the second violaLamanites, we can read this latter part "Junket"Rennet Powder—At grocers. AlNow

ready sweetened. Six favorite flavors. tion of the time order or organization of the Book of Mormon intelligently.

Vanilla Chocolate Lemon as it relates to the Book of Ether. A good plan to follow in reading this Maple Raspberry Orange

Mormon engraved his abridgment of part of the Book of Mormon is to read—Not"Junket"sweetened.RennetAddTabletssugar, the large plates of Nephi on his plates the Book of Mormon ( a division of the

taste. flavor to 12 rennet this completing After of Mormon. of skip the then and Book Mormon)

in package; each tababridgment, seven chapters he wrote of until the Ether Book of let of 4 or 5 rennetMoroni tabletsmakes Book

custard desserts than or more grothe Book of Mormon (a division of has been read. ice cream. a pint of At

cers and druggists. the Book of Mormon). Then he deCertainly this knowledge of how the

livered his record to his son Moroni. Book of Mormon violates the principle

Moroni wrote two chapters in his faof composition requiring that the

FREE i ther's Book of Mormon (a division of chronological order must be followed the Menuplanning of Book Mormon). Then he deterit has when once been established as

for helps mothto mined abridge the twentyfour gold the basis of ers, Doublecomposition can be used

Duty Menus plates. These plates, as I have already to advantage by a reader of the Book and Eecipes";

alsot rial packpointed out, contained a history of anof Mormon. age of "Junket"Rennet other group of people separate and

Tablets.? rj distinct from the Lamanites and NephIdentifying Writers Clarifies

Send Coupon i\ fJLi ites. They flourished in North America Conception of Book

"The 'Junket'Folks,"long before Lehi left Jerusalem. And now let us turn our attention to

Chr. Inc. Laboratory, Hansen's

Dept. 77, Little Falls, N. Y. Moroni could not engrave this the problem of determining who

in Please the forepart recsend of the "DoubleDuty and abridgment Menus wrote the various books of the Book -free Recipes"and trial package "Junket"his fabelonged, because ord, where it these of for a knowledge of Mormon, Tablets. Rennet

{Just paste this coupon on postcard ther had already used that part of the facts is conducive to intelligent readand add your name and address.) record. Of necessity, he had to ening. The problem is interrelated with

grave his abridgment on the unused the structure of the book. Chapter

plates immediately following his faheadings in the books of Mosiah, Alma, ther's Book of Mormon (a division of Helaman, Third Nephi, and Fourth the Book of Mormon). After completNephi tend to mislead the average

ing this abridgment of the twentyfour reader, for he assumes that the books gold plates, which he headed the "Book were written in their present form by of Ether,"he decided to write his Book these characters, when as a matter of of Moroni. fact, Mormon wrote all of this maThis decision to create the Book of terial as an abridgment from the large

Moroni placed the Jaredite history, the plates of Nephi.

Book of Ether, between his father's In addition to writing these five

Book of Mormon (a division of the books, Mormon wrote the Words of

Book of Mormon ) and his own Book of Mormon and the first seven chapters of

Moroni, both of which books had to the Book of Mormon ( a division of the do with the Nephites and Lamanites. Book of Mormon ), a total of three hunThat is how the Book of Ether came dred forty pages of the five hundred

to occupy a place in our Book of Mortwenty-two page book which bears his mon, which chronologically it should name.

CHEMURGICHEAO OFFICECORPORATION notWhenoccupy.we understand the nature of (aMoronidivisionfinishedof the theBookBookof ofMormon),Mormon

RICHMOND CALIFORNIA the Book of Ether and its position withwriting chapters eight and nine; gave

474 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Structure of the Book of Mormon us an abridgment of the Jaredite civilization, the Book of Ether; and wrote

the Book of Moroni, a total of fiftyone pages.

The small plates of Nephi, which form the first one hundred thirtytwo pages of our Book of Mormon, werewritten by nine independent writers, SincsL 1850

Nephi, Jacob, Enos, Jarom, Omni,

Ammaron, Chemish, Abinadom, andAmaleki. Nephi wrote the first two ON THE FRONTIERS

books, First Nephi and Second Nephi.

Jacob wrote the third book, the Bookof Jacob. Enos contributed the fourth OF LEARNING

book, the Book of Enos. Jarom wrote

the Book of Jarom. Omni, Ammaron, J OUNDED only two and a half years after the pioneers entered

Chemish, Abinadom, and Amaleki Salt Lake Valley, the University of Utah has been actively, aggreswrote the three pages constituting the sively, in the forefront of educational advancement. Its growth

Book of Omni. and present rating are evidence of the outstanding service the

It is evident from this discussion of University has rendered to Utah and the West.

the writers that eleven men wrote our

Book of Mormon. The bulk of the writFrom its first quarters in a humble pioneer home, it has grown

ing was done by four men: Nephi, one to occupy more than 30 buildings—with others under construction.

hundred seven pages; Jacob, eighteen In teaching staff, equipment, and research facilities, the University

pages; Mormon, three hundred forty has never been better qualified to serve the people of Utah than

pages; and Moroni, fiftyone pages. now.

'T'here is one other problem. It is difThe school year of 194546 broke all previous records for attendficult in the five books abridged ance, with 7,000 students enrolled. The coming year promises to

from the large plates of Nephi tax to the utmost the present capacity of the school. Some restricMosiah, Alma, Helaman, Third Nephi, tions will therefore necessarily be placed upon enrollment. Make

and Fourth Nephi—to determine with your application early.

precision where interpolations, personal comments by Mormon, begin and end. 21 The Autumn Quarter:

They are not many in number, but they do occur. Tests for all new students: September 23

Unacquainted with our modern devices for handling such interpolations, Registration of freshmen: September 26

Mormon worked with his abridgment Registration of all others: September 27, 28

of the large plates of Nephi in a manner very different from that which Instruction begins: September 30

would have been adopted by a presentday scholar. His method is a little For information, write to:

ambiguous unless the reader exercises OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT great care. This problem would have

been avoided by a modern scholar's use of footnotes for interpolated material. UNIVERSITY OF UTAHIf Mormon had been familiar with our SALT LAKE CITY

modern devices, he undoubtedly would have made the abridgment of the large plates of Nephi the basic text. He

would have used quotation marks to indicate any direct borrowings from the original record and, finally, would have used footnotes for any comments desired make. to a practisehe Such Your cleaning clearer given method him awould have

of composition.

A knowledge of the records Mormon and Moroni used as source material and a familiarity with their methPAR-tner!

od of composition helps us to bridge certain difficult chasms which we must cross when we read the Book of MorThe Quality Soap for mon, Structurally, the Book of Mormon is quite clear when we understand PARticular Housewives the facts of composition.

III Nephi 5:9-26; 28:2440; 29:1-9; 30: 1.2

JULY 1946 475

Youth Speaks

(Concluded from page 461) of himself; could degrade himself so.

I became acquainted with a boy from /2emewioerinL Ohio while in the army, and we grew WiL of f to be very good friends. We had long

talks about almost everything, and we discussed this subject of drinking at great length. He asked me once, "What

have you got against other people's drinking?"He said, "I can see your

point if you don't want to drink yourself, and I admire you for it. But what's

it to you if others drink? They aren't

hurting you. It's their business if they

want to ruin their lives with liquor;

they're not hurting anyone but themselves."I said to him, "I think that I

have every right in this world to be bitter against drink. I think I have a

very good reason for hating the sight of drinking and drunkenness. You see

if it wasn't for liquor and drinking, I would have a sister twentythree and a brother seventeen years old today."

Yes, I was that third child. I am the

brother of the two children that were killed eleven years ago tonight by liquor.

Organization of the United Nations (Continued from page 435) Each member nation has a delegation of five representatives and may have five alternate members plus advisors and

IF IT'S GLADE'S IT'S GOOD stenographers.

(The United States delegation at the first assembly held January 1946: James

Byrnes, Tom Connally, Eleanor Roosevelt, Edward Stettinius, Arthur H. Vandenberg. Alternate delegates: Sol Bloom,

John Foster Dulles, Charles Eaton, J.

CHOCOLATES William Fullbright, John G. Townsend.)

im cmt company mi mt cur. tun The General Assembly can discuss anything

except disputes which are being heard before the Security Council.

A president is elected for each regular session.

(The regular session begins the first

THE Tuesday after September 2.)

called special session with the be may thirds of the members. FAMILY JhsL A approval of two

MAGAZINE Immortal Pioneers On important motions two thirds of the members present voting constitutes a

She.ment.. Theoi dramaticSt. George,storythe ofconquestthe settleof majority.

Utah's Dixie. Here are real stories On other items a simple majority can pass

adventure, of pioneer as colorful SJmprovemeat as a motion.

the region it tells about. Limited

&ra $3.00.edition, richly illustrated. The price, Noyearsmemberin arrearscan votein itsif itcontributions.is more than two

(See coupon, page 468) (This can be altered if the General Assembly determines that the nation is un12 Issues able to meet its obligation. BDDKCRAFT

$2.00 18 Richards St., Salt Lake City 1, Ut. Traveling expenses of the delegates are

paid by the United Nations organization.

476 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ORGANIZATION OF THE UNITED NATIONS

Wages of the delegates are paid by the International Court of Justice GO BY country which the delegate represents. It is the successor to the League of Nations

States representative United (The or Permanent Court of International Justice. GREYHOUND the receives Security Council $20,000.)

elected Fifteen the General Asjudges by current president, Spaak, PaulHenriThe MORE is sembly. (Green Hackworth H.

receives salary from the United no Naan f DAILY American.

tions.

They are elected for nineyear terms. SCHEDULES

Secretariat They meet permanently at The Hague.

Secretary general appointed by the GenerMORE SEATS al Assembly on the recommendation of Economic and Social Council AVAILABLE the Security Council.

Eighteen members are elected by the GenHe handles the administrative and budget eral Assembly for threeyear terms. MORE TRAVEL

functions of the organization. Sir Ramaswami Mudaliar is the current TIME SAVED

"The secretary general may bring to the president.

attention of the Security Council any Thetionalfirst Healthmajor activityConference"was heldthe "Internain June. GREATER in matter his which opinion may threaten

the maintenance of international peace Military Staff Committee COMFORT and security."FOR BUS

The secretary general may call special sesRepresentativesthe five permanentfrom membersthe ChiefsofoftheStaffsSecurof RIDERS sion of the General Assembly. ity Council.

local full for Consult your agent Lie is the current secretary general.Trygve information convenient about

receives salary $20,000 (He and a Atom Control Commission schedules fares and low to any $20,000 allowance plus a house and servRepresentatives from the eleven nations of point in America.

ants.) the Security Council plus Canada.

OVERLAND GREYHOUNDl/Af*S SOME ESSENTIALS IN MISSIONARY WORK (Concluded from page 433) know. They did know something about INTERSTATEOperated by TRANSIT LINES

we will be weighed in the balance and the bishop in the ward where their parfound wanting. ents lived, but beyond that all was

Now that is the thing I would impress chaos. One of them came to me and

upon the minds of my brethren; not that asked, "Brother Smith, is there any dif-

I want any homage, but I want my ference at all, and if so, what is the brethren and sisters to know that the difference, between Mormonism and

Lord has placed someone at the head, Catholicism?"Well, now, it won't do

and that his place is a sacred place for young people to go out into the and position. It is a sacred gift of the world in this way. Before you go you

Lord, one that God holds sacred, one had better get somebody who does that he has established, and we cannot know something about it, and jot down treat it lightly though we may have perwho is the President of the Church and haps very little respect for the individhis counselors, get their names. Who

ual himself. Man may have many weakare the Twelve Apostles? Now, of

nesses, but the president, the apostle, course, this is unnecessary to say here, the seventy, the high priest, the elder, but learn the truth, brethren, and God the patriarch, and the bishop and those will bless you.

who hold offices in the kingdom of God, I shall feel in my heart to sustain you must be respected in the spheres in in your mission. You are not going to

which they are called to act, and their have a good jolly time. You are not

positions must be upheld and held sagoing to spend money and have a fine, credly in the minds of the people of rollicking time of it. If you do, you will

God, and especially in the minds of not do any good. You are going out as

those who go out to preach the gospel lambs before the wolves; you are going

to the nations of the earth. out as ministers of the gospel to an unThe last mission I was on, there came believing, scoffing world. You are going

into the mission field two missionaries, out to be brought in contact with uncalled, set apart, and sent forth to a belief, with infidelity, and with every foreign land to preach the gospel. To criminal thing in the world, for you will

my astonishment neither one of these find that. crime exists in the world such

two missionaries (and they lived and as you have never seen perhaps at home were born in Utah, and grew up in one or have dreamed of.

of the principal cities of Utah), could tell you who was the President of the You are going out to preach the gosChurch, or who were the counselors to pel, and the world is against you. You

President John Taylor. When they will have to stem the current of opposiwere asked who was the president of tion, and when you have the Lord on

the stake where they lived, they did not your side, you will be strong enough.

JULY 1946 477

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS

(Continued from page 449) that the first vision was known among

In the year 1823, when our prophet was the people in the early years of the about seventeen years of age, his mind beChurch. However, both writers agree

came, for the first time, deeply excited on that the first vision antedated the revthe subject of religion by Mr. Lane, a deelations received by the Prophet convoted and talented elder of the Methodist cerning the Nephite record.

there preaching Church, under whose was B. Pixley after visiting the Saints in

numbers, a "great and awakening,"among whom was our prophet and several members Missouri, writes under date of October of his family, were "profoundly added to 12, 1832, that the Kingdom of the Lord."... their creed appears to have undergone

After the revival ceased, the usual strife but little change.... The Mormons still

for proselytes between the several sects prefer to talk with angels, visit the third commenced, this resulted, so far as the heaven, and converse with Christ face to

Smiths are concerned, in bringing the mothface.

er, one sister, and two brothers into the

Presbyterian church; but leaving Joseph as The Missouri Intelligencer, under

he states, in disgust with all the sects, and August 10, 1833, speaking of a meeting almost in despair of ever coming to the held in Independence the previous knowledge of the truth amid so many conmonth, says tradictory and conflicting claims. He resorted to prayer for a "full manifestation of Of all their pretended revelations from

divine approbation"and "for the assurance heaven... their personal intercourse with

that he was accepted of him."This ocGod and his angels... converse with God

curred sometime in the winter of 1823. and his angels... may be better imagined

On the memorable evening of the 21st of than described.

bestood a form... following September of speak period the same of Others

. inform to. proceeded. [who] fore him conversed Smith that claim Joseph to the chosen him had the Lord... that Smith

referhad which, no doubt, with God, of Morthe translate Book forth and bring 5 first vision. Summertime... and the the to ence mon.

the Episcopal of A correspondent visit of Martin describes the world's abloom! EveryThis eaxly author thus confirms the Recorder

one's proud of his own farm, claims of Joseph Smith that the first Harris in 1827 who told of a supernatvision antedated the promise of the ural experience of Joseph Smith, folyard or garden... his Book of Mormon. lowed later by another divine communihome. For you who are inThe quotations made by these two cation directing him to find the plates.

writers are not from the Prophet's The story is wildly distorted, but the terested in new ideas, in story. Apparently they had not read elements of the first vision are clearly

sources in the woods; other of inevident: If they had was alone Joseph gardening suggestions. The it. the evidence an it occurred; illumination add to would formation, a dazzling

first him; he was Tribune overcame evil Salt Lake power Sunday 14. The p. Ages, All Turner, Mormonism B. 6J.

is well and known, vision in Palmyrain of Lane of Reverend succeeding the overcome by century, last as the of twenties early in the source occurredwork constant provides a the concerning vision later letters and a in his God, Oliver Cowdery Smith. set Joseph by

7 date the and Lane of Reverend story the confirms of the of Mormon. of plates Book information. material of and in Palmyra. his work

J. H. Kennedy who much later professed to write an unbiased book on the

Here is another feature you Mormons, accepts without question to time and story as Smith's own Joseph IS DIVINE IN WORK A JOY THERE... another dewill enjoy of said, most been do 8 So, as has date.

9 waters long can rolling "How first vision. discuss the to writers contributes the that who partment

remain impure?"(D. & C. 121:33.) In fact, proof of the occurrence of the

pleasreading complete the if early years, Smith's in Joseph By Frank I. Koogman vision wholly established be could needed, Salt of your Sunday ure

'T'here is a joy divine in work, from nonMormon sources. Lake Tribune. Pursued with worthy goal, Mormon writers and speakers who

beSmith of Joseph lived in the days in itself: a blessing work's Such

the first that exception lieved without soul. the It purifies

the life of early the in occurred vision it visof the Mormon Book before How long can waters stay impure boy,

That move and roll along, itations. His mother accepted her son's

That make the wheels of labor turn, own story in full, and added more about

And sing their merry song? eCited in Missouri Intelligencer and Boon's Lick

Advertiser, April 13, 1833. See also Documentary

Vol. stagnant pool, History stops at traveler No Clark, and his D.D., correspondentof the Church. was The

drink, in the Recorder J.ofA.I, letters372. find a cooling as a series story appeared To

When there's a singing brooklet near, pp.in 1840,6164, reproducedand in his inbookthe GleaningsWeekly Visitor,by the Way,1841,

1842. 222-8. York, That speeds along its brink. New

Early Days of Mormonism, pp. H. Kennedy, 8J.

Stenhouse, Mountain H. Rocky 9For example, stream, living soul, a be like My 23, 24

Riley, Founder 15; Morof p. Saints, The T.W.B.

sin stains of immune: From Dickinson, I.Ellen Light on Mor66; p. monism, New

Perform your labor, move along, ofmonism,Mormonism,p. 33; Dorisp. 19; H.E.Bays,Meyer,DoctrinesUrsprungand undDogmasGeAnd sing a happy tune! schichte der Mormonen, pp. 16, 17.

478 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Evidences and Reconciliations $&i,his early spiritual experiences. Elder Jham. now

Edward Stevenson wrote:

In... 1834 in the midst of many largecongregations, the Prophet testified with OFFICE EMPLOYMENT

great power concerning the visit of the

Father and the Son. 11

Industrial America offers choice opportunities to skilled office

Joseph Smith himself relates how in workers... and the L. D. S. Business College provides in1835, he told one Erastus Holmes of

his "first vision which was when I was tensive training in stenography, typing, accounting, and other about fourteen years old."12 His brother subjects that will help you qualify.

William in his old age described the first vision as the of circumstances or "refresher"elementary, advanced, told Whether need you brother. his prophetby

find will here the classes courses, you you want. Low cost for time lived Pratt, some Orson who

in the Prophet's home issued a pamphlet... expert instruction... effective employment service.

in 1839, in which the first vision is described, and it is there placed in 1 820."

Later in life, Orson Pratt said, "I have Write today for free bulletin of information often heard him (the Prophet) relate often it."15 Brigham Young who spoke L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE experihis early and the Prophet about

ences, said on one occasion: 70 North Main Telephone 3-2765 Salt Lake City 1. Utah

The Lord called Joseph Smith, called upon him at fourteen years of age, gave him visions, and led him along, guided and directed him in his obscurity, until he brought forth the plates and translated them. 1* Heber C. Kimball, Wilford WoodThanks for your

ruff, John Taylor, George A. Smith, and

numerous others who lived in the days of the Prophet, have spoken of the first Cooperation!

vision as a fact accomplished in 1820, and before the Prophet saw the Book of Mormon plates, according to Joseph

Smith's own story."

sincere thanks to our patrons for These men were among the early conWe extend verts to Mormonism. They were hardtheir patience and understanding during the

headed men, who wanted to be certain shortage of flour. We, with you

about things. Brigham Young took

two long years to study Joseph Smith forward to the time when the and his message before he was baptized emergency will be over and

If these men in 1831. into the Church of when we may resume operation first in 1838 time for the had heard

the Prophet's first vision, Joseph Smith on a more nearly normal basis.

would have had to do some explaining.

They were not the men to follow a deceiver.

All acceptable evidence within and beyond the Church confirms the Prophet's story that his first vision occurred ROYAL BAKING COMPANY when he was between fourteen and fifSalt Lake City and Ogden teen years of age in the year 1820 and before the Book of Mormon revelations occurred.—/. A. W.

Lucy M. Smith, Joseph Smith the Prophet, pp. 7377, 1902 ed., pp. 6974, 1945 ed.

1:LEdward Stevenson, Reminiscences of Joseph, The

4 p. Prophet, BABY KEEP II, 312 Church, the History WE OfMR 20, 1894 January lxDeseret News,of CONTENTED COMPLETE A 4, 5 Visions, Pratt, pp. Remarkable "Orson child. Develop a strong,

12:302; 11:6566; 7:220221; Discourses SERVICE Journal of ENGRAVING actually tends Baby sturdyseli—safely. Lundwall, also B. 15:180182. See 14:140141; N. folder. free card; picture Write a postal get Largest Portraits to the Missionary Pratt, From Orson Writings and of Discourses Masterful

Catalogues. 235236. pp.

12:6. also Attention 8:354. Prompt Mail See Discourses Orders Given Journal of SHURTLIFF CO. MFG.

6:29; Discourses Kimball, C. Journal of "Heber Dept. 97 121; Wilford Taylor, p. Kingdom, Gospel The John CO. ENGRAVING UTAH first edition, p. Journal, Woodruff, Leaves from My Pocatello, So. 10th, Idaho City, Salt Utah 225 St. 12:334; 113 Lake Regent 86; Smith, Discourses Journal A. George of

13:78; 11:1-2.

JULY 1946 479 oi/iTTaoe avid Ours

Tributes from Servicemen Around the Globe: Point of View

From France: "Don't you like the cheese? It was imported from SwitzerDear Editors: land."

it."deported Swiss "It tastes more like the lines I thank to you that write sincerity few a is with deep IT

It comfort of source a Era. been has for Improvement The Lost Quiet Long ones. helped I It has loved me while so far away from am my

realize just how much the gospel means to me while I am not "Daughter has arranged a little piece for the piano."

in direct contact with members of the Church. I have just "That's fine,"commented the father. "It's about time that

read some of the talks that were given in the April conference. we had a little peace."

Each one seemed to help me and give me a spiritual lift. I

know they are words of inspired men. Time Doesn't Wait

Sincerely yours, "Did you fall down with your good pants on, Tommie?"

Ivor J. Price "Of course. There wasn't time to take them off."

From the South Pacific:

Dear Editors: Right Angles Necessary

AM very proud of the fact that I am the recipient each month "I had a tough battle to get into society!"

I of such a wonderful source of religious inspiration. "Had to keep your chin up?"

In the jungle of these South Pacific Islands one must turn "No, just my nose."

to religion. It is the only means of using the many spare

moments wisely. Believe me, I get great comfort and peace No Interpreter Needed

of mind just through reading the many varied teachings The will interpret lady, that a "Here's book, Improvement Era offers.

all that "I'll have I do know you my dreamingall yourin English!"dreams."Sincerely,

Pvt. Lars F. Jensen Buttonholed

From Cairo, Egypt: "What are you planning to do tonight, dear?"

Postscript to a letter: "Nothing special, I'll probably write a letter or two, listen

The Era is irreplaceable out here, especially to group meetto the radio, and so on."

ings, as these. "Well, when you get to the so on, don't forget my shirt

Murlyn L. Brown, button."

Captain, Cavalry From India: Reason for Eviction

Dear Editors: Junior was gazing at the new baby. "Did he come from

Enclosed find, is a $30.00 money order for a subscription to heaven?"

dear."of the length time that amount "Yes, Era, for The Improvement

all that noise he's making, it's no wonder they put "With it address: following will cover. Please to the send of money

Miss F. M. Roberts, 38 Circus Avenue, Park Circus, Calcutta, him out."

India.

Cordially your brother, Elementary, My Dear

Cpl. Lyal E. Millett "You'll have to put another stamp on this letter. It's too

-$- heavy.""What? That will only make it that much heavier."

Clock Watcher "Jones, you've been with us two weeks now. Do you realize Safety Precaution

that in that short time you've been late five times?"'You mustn't play with that hammer. You might hit your

"No, sir, I didn't know. You see, I'm not one of those thumb."

fellows who're always watching the clock.""No, I won't. I'm letting Jimmy hold the nail for me!"

ONE OF THE SCENES FROM THE GOLD AND GREEN BALL HELD AT THE STAKE CENTER, LONG BEACH, CALIFORNIA. THE QUEEN (TOP PEDESTAL,

CENTER) WAS MARGUERITE HORN OF THE PARK VIEW WARD. THE CHANSONETTS, GIRLS'CHORUS, APPEAR IN THE FOREGROUND.

*'"., i

480 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 0AU thibPieat FROM

Giant VineRipened CANTALOUPES From Utah's fertile Green River Valley come these incomparable cantaloupes for your table... grown where irrigated, sandyloam soil combines

with hot days and cool, dewy nights to produce a matchless fullflavored sweetness and rich salmon color. Picked vineripe, the fruit is tender yet firm,

juicy and delicious right to the rind. You can have a real "melon bust"on

just one of these supersize cantaloupes!

endt/iem to uouA jfuetufaf

Beautifully boxed, with gift card and souvenir booklet, this is an ideal gift for friends or business associates. Delivered by $175

fast prepaid express nation, in the anywhere and guaranteed to per2box of arrive in excellent condition back, or your money Four "giants"averaging nearly 4% pounds each fill the box. Order several 4 Express"Giants"

boxes today. prepaid

ZION'S COOPERATIVE MERCANTILE INSTITUTION

SALT LAKE CITY 10, UTAH Please send.—de luxe faox(es) of Utah cantaloupes

to me, and/or boxes each to the list of names and addresses attached.

Sender's name Address City and State Total amount @ #2.75 per box (prepaid) $—

enclosed Charge accountZION'S COOPERATIVE MERCANTILE INSTITUTION Payment Please enmy Q close gift name checks payable card with my Make

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Z. C. M. I. to

RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH

oLand of the ZJree Let's keep alive, in this choice land, the spirit of human liberty... of faith in

man and of trust in a God whose purposes fail not. Let's work and sacrifice, that

our children's children shall breathe free air and choose the path they follow. Let's

deserve the liberty that has been so bravely bought—so dearly preserved.

Let's keep this ALWAYS the land of the free?

George Albert Smith, Pres Salt Lake City, Utah