A

February The Glory of God is Intelligence. No. 4.

IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Organ of Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations.

PUBLISHED BY THE GENERAL. BOARD.

Grant, Business Hkbkr. Smith, > Joseph Managers. pditorsa Thos. Hull.J. S Anderson, Kdw. H.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as Second Class Matter.

FEBRUARY, 1903.

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

Dr. Milton H. Hardy Frontispiece.

The "Mormon"Doctrine of Deity B. H. Roberts 241

Among the Boulders, a Poem Livingston C. Ashworth 255

Some Sayings Geo. W.Crocheron 256

Living Faith—The secret of "Mormon"Success... Elder Nephi Pratt 257

The Reward of Service Browning. 265

In Memory W.J. Sloan. 266

Birthday Song of Praise, a Poem L. L. Greene Richards. 269

J. Cannon 271 "Jagd Nach Dem Gleuck."Hugh

A New Year—A New Motto J- Lloyd Woodruff. 21

Fruits of the Fall J- Preston Creer. 277

God's Omnipresence Dr. Frederic Clift 282

Some Leading Events in the Current Story of the

World—Venezuela's New Troubles—Results

of Wnr in South Africa—Increased Emigration

and Famine—Child Labor in the South—

Another Triumph—Thomas.'B. Reed—Vigoious to the Last Dr.J.M. Tanner 283

Talks to Young Men IV—What Books to Read... 290

Funeral Rites of Japan I Alma O. Taylor 295

Do it Now 304 Editor's Table—"Where Your Treasure is, There

will Your Heart be Also"President Joseph F. Smith 305

Answers to Questions—Joining Secret Societies—Raffling and Gambling—The GospelChoosing a Patriarch—Authority of John the

of the Gospel Baptist—New Dispensations

Did the Prophets Hold the Melchizedek

Priesthood?—Appendages to the Priesthood.. 308

Secretaries of General Board Y. M. M. I. A.,.. 313

Announcements—The ERA Story- A Thrilling Narrative—Conjoint M. LA. Conferences,

1903 314 Book Mention 315 Notes 316 Events of the Month Thomas Hull 317

SALT LAKE CITY:

214 tP 215 TEMPLETON BUILDING.

Published Monthly. $2.00 Per Annum.

JOHI C McCLAIM. Prut. IHtfl 1. BURTOH, Sec. N. J. BUHIOI, Trtu

=WAIT!= BUTTON COAL i LUMBER CO. Until you can write us before

buying a Piano or Organ, for we can save you money. ALL KINDS

OF GOAL ALL KINDS OF LUMBER Wholesale and Retail. GJB.T

JWUSrC OEflUERS. LUMBER IN CAR LOTS A SPECIALTY.

Sole Agents for Utah and Idaho for the Celebrated Office, 60 W. Second South Street.

Yards, Cor. Fifth South and Third West Sta.

Telephone 80S. HENRY F. MILLER

PIANOS. THE.

of NEEDHAM PIANOS AND ORGANS STATE BflJlR UTAH

Aeeounts Solicited.

Covvespondenee Invited.

13 S. Main Street, Logan, Utah OFFICERS AND DIRECTOH8.

Joseph F. Smith, President.

Wm. B. Preston, VicePresident.

Charles S. Burton, Cashier.

Henry T. McEwan, Asst. Cashier.

Heber J. Grant Jos. D. Murdock

M. Wells Heber CarlsonMISSIONARIES A.W. Barton Groo Isaac Byron

should write to or call on the Keep IHoney at HomeSALT LAKE KNITTING WORKS for their HOSIERY, UNDERWEAR AND "GARMENTS"By Insuring leaving before for in the ot labor. their fields Don't

We have a full line of Carry WHITE SHIRTS, HOSIERY, NECKWEAR.

Your Our Specialty is KNITTED "GARMENTS."HOME We have them in Cotton from $1.00 up

and in Wool from $1.75 up.

ORDER BY 2SRIL PR03S US.

When ordering "Garments"send yourheight, weight, chest measure and length of FIRE sleeve to

Salt bake Knitting Works, or Salt Iiake City, Utah C. E. THOISTEfiSBfl, M3. UTAH

directors: Heber J. Grant & 60.,

J. A. Hendrickson, President Joseph F. Smith, VicePresident GENERAL AGENTS.

Thomas Hull Rudger Clawson 2026 South Mam St., Salt Lake City. Utah. M. Christopherson

(WHEN WHITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTIOJ. THE BBA.)

THE RIO GRANDE WESTERN

... A(4D...

THE DENVER AflD RIO GRflJIDE

Best Local Train Serviee in Utah.

From ten to forty minutes the fastest line between Ogfden, Salt Lake City, Lehi, American Fork, Provo, Mammoth, Eureka and all points in Sanpete, Sevier and south.

3 FAST TRAINS DAILY to all Eastern points, with through sleeping and dining cars to Denver, Omaha,

Kansas City, St. Louis and Chicago.

MAGNIFICENT SCENERY EN ROUTE. J* jft e

For Rates, etc., enquire of Local Agent or

write b,——

I. A. BENTON,

General Agent, Salt Lake City.

Perhaps you have tried other BREAKFAST FOODS.... and found

them "mushy."Just try Peery

Bros. "WHEAT FLAKES."See

how nice and delicate—how

delicious. You will use it regularly after a trial.

Cooked ready for the table BlCVCIiES.

in a few minutes. No trouble

at all. Everything in Sporting Goods.

TRY THEM.

TRY THEM NOW. BASE BALLS, CAMERAS,

PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES, Etc Peery Bros. Hilling Co.

(Makers of High Grade Flour WESTERN ARMS & SPORTING GOODS CO.,

115 South Main Street.

(WBHN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE ERA.)

"The Castle Builder.

This interesting story by the popular author Nephi Anderson Is now published in book form and on sale at the ERA. OFFICE

Send orders at once.

Paper Covers, Fifty Cents.

kick*** kkkk ********************************************

SAVE YOOR MONEY, AND WHEN YOD GET A DOLLAR DEPOSIT IT WITH

ZION'S SAVINGS BANK & TRUST COHPANY.

4 Per Cent Interest Paid =.::::::;:--:::!;--: on $i. to $5,000.

}'...!:;: "-:,:ii:il:M;::.l!:.... 21ilHtr

Hi OFFICERS. -:!i!'jijlll pWlla=Wmm\)MMiWm\i ii'Joseph F. Smith,

- - -- i - saBMBtrla 'wF$fffifi<lm---k-l President jfcsrf 1 Anthon H. Lund

VicePresident- IKShp George M. Cannon

'Hi2U9i <? SMggSg Cashier.

Lewis M. Cannon, jH f Asst. Cashier, f4 JamI if M \\ DIl?HCTOf?S.

f| i? Joseph F. Smith Anthon H. Lund

1 John R. Winder,

ilffl T. G. Webber

James Jack JohnAngusT. CaineM. Cannon

BBiBl FrancisGeorgeM.Reynold*Lyman

L. John Nuttall

Angus J. Cannon tMi jgffffjiiP

A. O. Woodruff

Hyrum M. Smith

No I. MAIN STREET, SALT I/AKE CITY UTAH.

(WWKN WRITING TO ADVHRTISEJ18 FLEA.SE MENTION THE EBA.)

Digitized by the Internet Archive in 2011 with funding from Corporation of the Presiding Bishop, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

http://www.archive.org/details/improvementera0604unse

DR. MILTON H. HARDY,

F irst Territorial Secretary Y. M. M. I. A.

Vol. VI. FEBRUARY, 1903. No. 4.

THE "MORMON"DOCTRINE OF DEITY.

A REJOINDER TO REV. C. VAN DER DONCKT'S "REPLY"

TO ELDER ROBERTS'DISCOURSE ON THE

ABOVE SUBJECT.

BY B. H. ROBERTS.

Ill—MR. VAN DER DONCKT'S CONTRASTS BETWEEN MAN AND GOD.

Of the Intellectual Powers qf Man.

Mr. Van Der Donckt insists that man can never become a God,

because he "is finite or linr'ted in everything; ever changeable and

changing, ever susceptible of improvement."Granting that man

is ever susceptible of improvement, ought not the gentleman to proceed with some caution before dogmatically asserting that there are to be limiations to man's enlargement, to his progress, and to his attainments? Given the susceptibility to improve, never ending duration through which the processes of improvement shall

continue, and God to direct such processes, who can dogmatize upon the limitations of the intelligences now known as men? It

is not enough to say in reply to this that the "finite can never become infinite;"nor to argue that if God were an exalted man he

would possess contradictory attributes, such as being both finite and infinite, compound and simple. We have already seen that

242 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

when one undertakes to treat of the infinite, he is dealing with the unknown, dealing with terms that stand for the names of things of which the mind can form no adequate or satisfactory conception.

But so far as the Father and the Son are concerned—personages

held out to us in the scriptures as Gods—we have seen (Era,

present volume, pp. 171-2 and 176-7-8) that absolute infinity may

not be predicated of them. In person, form, and the general

nature of their physical being, they have limitations; and whatever

of infinity or simplicity is ascribed to them must be ascribed to mind and attributes, not to personality. Seeing, then, that the

revelation of God in the scriptures, and especially in the revelation of God in the person and character of Jesus Christ, forces upon us a conception of God that represents Him as concrete rather than abstract, finite in some respects, and infinite in others; and as compound rather than simple—it follows that urging the apparent

absurdity of such characteristics in Deity as these is of no avail against the facts in the revelations God has given of himself. And

now, as the limitations found in man, as to his physical person, nature, etc.—and which are supposed by Mr. V. to forever bar

in God the Father andman from attaining divinity—are found also

in God the Son, it is quite clear that these physical limitations may not be urged as insuperable obstacles to man attaining divinity.

say what its metesAs for the spirit of man—the mind—who can

and bounds are, much less what they shall be? Who comprehends

its powers? Who dare say that it is not now potentially infinite?

and shall be hereafter actually infinite? I have already called

attention to the fact (page 180) that it is said of Messiah that in his humiliation, his judgment was taken away, which doubtless means that in his earthlife his intellectual and spiritual powers were somewhat veiled; and with man doubtless it is the same; in

his earthlife that intellectual excellence which he enjoyed as a spirit in the mansions of the Father, is veiled; but veiled

as it is, there is of its manifestations sufficient to inspire one with awe, and make him hesitate ere pronouncing dogmatically upon its nature or its limitations. To illustrate my thought: I am this

moment sitting at my desk, and am inclosed by the four walls of spot. Butmy room—limited as to my personal presence to this

by the mere act of my will, I find I have the power to project myTHE "MORMON"DOCTRINE OF DEITY. 243

self in thought to any part of the world. Instantly, I can be in the

crowded streets of the world's metropolis. I walk through its

well remembered thoroughfares, I hear the rush and roar of its busy multitudes, the rumble of vehicles, the huckster's cries, the cabman's calls, sharp exclamations and quick retorts in the jostling throngs, the beggar's piping cry, the sailor's song, fragments of conversation, broken strains of music, the blare of trumpets, the neighing of horses, earpiercing whistles, ringing of bells, shouts, responses, rushing trains, and all that mingled din and soulstirring roar that rises in clamor above the great town's traffic.

At will, I leave all this and stand alone on mountain tops in

Syria, India, or overlooking old Nile's valley, wrapped in the awful grandeur of solemn silence. Here I may bid fallen empires rise

and pass in grand procession before my mental vision, and live again their little lives: fight once more their battles; begin again

each petty struggle for place, for power, for control of the world's affairs; revive their customs; live again their loves and hates, and

preach once more their religions and their philosophies—all this

the mind may do, and that as easily and as quickly as in thought it may leave this room, cross the street to a neighbor's home, and there take note of the familiar objects within his habitation. Nor

does this begin to indicate all the power of the mind in these respects. Though the sun is ninetytwo millions of miles away, on

the instant, in thought, one may stand upon it within its resplendent atmosphere. In the same manner, and with equal ease, one

may project himself to the Pole Star, though it is so distant that it requires forty years for a- ray of light to pass through the intervening space between that star and our earth, and still light travels at the rate of one hundred and eightysix thousand miles per second! Nor is the end yet In like manner, and with equal ease,

one may instantly project himself in thought from within the four walls of his room to those more distant constellations of stars known to exist out in the depths of space, whence it would require a ray of light a million years to reach our earth; yet, standing there in a

world so distant from ours, one would find himself still centered in the universe, and out beyond him, in a straight line from the earth whence he has traveled, would extend other realms in splendor no less magnificent. From the vasty deep of these realms, he could

.

244 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

call up other worlds, and people them with creatures of his thought, as one may call up empires to pass in mighty procession before him in the Nile or in the Ganges valley.

Distance, then, to the mind of man, is as nothing. The infinity

of extension, and of duration also, is matched by the infiniteness of man's mind, though that mind have a local habitation and a name within a tabernacle of flesh and bone, and that tabernacle be confined within the four walls of a room. This is but a glimpse at the

infinite powers of the mind of man in one direction, and under circumstances that somewhat veil the splendor of his intellectual and spiritual glory; what those powers may be in all particulars when

man shall be made free from the restricting and depressing environment of the present earthlife, no one may say; but enough

may be seen from what is here pointed out to establish the firm belief that, as the intellectual powers in man rise to match the infinitudes of extension and duration, as indicated, so, too, in all other respects shall the mind of man, when free, rise to the harmony of all the infinities that make up the universe.

Jesus prayed that his disciples might be one with each other even as he and the Father are one (St. John 17: 11); that they all

might be one; and as the Father was in Christ, and as Christ was

in the Father, so also would Messiah have the disciples to be one in him and in the Father, that they might all be one with the

Father and the Son, and with each other, even as the Father and the Son are one (St. John 17: 21, 22). But for the disciples to be

"one"with the Father and the Son, in the complete sense in which the Messiah here prayed for that "oneness,"necessarily means to be "like"the Father and the Son; and that "likeness"can rise to

the full height of its perfection only when it reaches equality with those with whom the disciples are to be "one"or "like."If

man may not rise to che height of divinity, how shall this prayer of the Christ be realized? Or must we believe that the divine

wisdom in the Son of God exercised itself in praying for that which is unattainable, that which is not only absurd but impossible? It

is unthinkable that the divine nature shall be brought down to be "one"with men; so that if the "oneness"which also involves "likeness,"be realized, in fulfilment of Messiah's prayer, it must be by

THE "MORMON"DOCTRINE OF DEITY. 245

men rising to divinity, Mr. Van Der Donckt's "impossibilities"to

the contrary notwithstanding.

"Behold the Man Has Become as One oj Us."

To illustrate his contention that roan can never rise to the quality of divinity, Mr. Van Der Donckt indulges in comparisons

between man and God; and, to emphasize that contrast, challenges

wellknown men of science to the exercise of creative powers, contrasts the frequent collisions upon our railroads with the order, regularity, and safety of the movements among the planetary systems where never a collision occurs; and then indulges in such

folly as this:

They [astronomers] can indeed predict transits and eclipses; but

suppose astronomers from New Zealand, on their way to America to observe this fall's moon eclipse, meet with an accident in midocean, would they at once send this wireless telegram to the United States'stargazers assembled say at Lick Observatory: "Belated by leak. Please

retard eclipse two hours that we may not miss it."As well might all

the telescope men in the world combined, attempt to fetch down the rings of Saturn for the construction of a royal race track, as pretend to control movements of the heavenly bodies.

The gentleman also points out how precarious are the powers of man:

The helpless babe of yesterday may indeed rival Mozart, Hayden, and Paderewski, but tomorrow he may rise with lame hands and pierced eardrums; and millions of worshipers of the shattered idol are powerless

to restore it to the musical world.

This part of the gentleman's argument sinks far below the general high level of his "Reply,"and is unworthy of his intelligence. I have already pointed out (pp. 98, 99), that Latterday

Saints do not teach that man in his present state and condition is a God. On the contrary, they admit man's narrowness, weakness,

imperfections and limitations; and also recognize the great gulf

stretching between man in his present state and that dignity of divinity to which somewhere and sometime in the eternities it is within his province and power to attain. Mr. Van Der Donckt's

246 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

comparisons, therefore, between God and man, in the tatter's present condition, are not in point, for the reason that the Latterday

Saints do not claim that man is now a Deity, only as he may be thought potentially one. Taking the highest type of man to start

with, consider him as raised from the dead and hence immortal;

give him Gods for guides, teachers, and companions, with the universe for the field of his operations, then let Mr. V., or anyone else,

say what man's attainments will be one thousand millions of years hence; and that period, let it be remembered, long as it may seem

to man's petty methods of computing duration, is but as a moment in the existence of an immortal being. Let Mr. Van Der Donckt

institute his comparisons from that point of man's career, instead of from the present point of man's weakness and mortality, and then say if ultimately divinity seems so unattainable as now. If

he shall say he is unable to institute his comparisons at the point proposed, because what man will then be is unknown, I shall agree with him; but let him acknowledge, a3 p?rforce he must, that man

will be immeasurably advanced beyond what he is now; also let

him admit the injustice he does our doctrine by insisting upon making his comparisons between God and man as the latter now stands, under the effects of the fall, and in his humiliation and weakness.

After indulging in the aforesaid comparisons, Mr. V. further

remarks:

I fear Mr. B. H. Roberts will be inclined to think God jealous because he gives man no show for comparison with him. This would

certainly be a less blunder of the Utah man, ("I will not give my glory to another") (Isaiah 42: 8) than his contention, which is a mere echo of

Satan's promise in Paradise: 'You shall be as Guds.'"(Genesis 3: 5).

To which I answer, not so; the contention of the "Utah man"

is not the echo of Satan's promise, "you shall be as Gods."On the

contrary, the "Utah man's"contention is bottomed on the august and sure word of God, uttered in Eden, when he said of the man

Adam ''Behold the man is become as one oj us, to know good and the Reverend gentlemanevil"(Genesis 3: 22)—a passage which

seems to have overlooked.

THE "MORMON"DOCTRINE OF DEITY. 247

GOD. IV—OF THE UNITY OF

There remains to be considered the Unity of God.

The Latterday Saints believe in the unity of the creative and governing force or power of the universe as absolutely as any orthordox Christian sect in the world. One cannot help being

profoundly impressed with the great truth that creation, throughout its whole extent, bears evidence of being one system, presents at every point unity of design, and perfect harmony in its government. Nor am I unmindful of the force there is in the deduction

usually drawn from these premises, viz., that the Creator and Governor of the universe, must necessarily be one. But I am also profoundly impressed with another phenomenon that comes within the

experience of man. at least to a limited extent, viz., the possibility

of intelligences arriving at perfect agreement, so as to act in absolute unity. We see manifestations of this principle in human

governments, and other human associations of various kinds. And

this, too, is observable, viz., that the greater and more perfect the

intelligence the more perfect can the unity of purpose and of effort become: so that one needs only the existence of perfect

intelligences to operate together in order to secure perfect oneness, whence shall come the one system evident in the universe, exhibiting at every point unity of design, and perfect harmony in its government. In other words, "oneness"can be the result of

perfect agreement among Many Intelligences as surely as it can be the result of the existence of One Only Intelligence. Also, the

decrees and purposes of the perfectly united Many can be as absolute as the decrees and purposes of the One Only Intelligence.

One is also confronted with the undeniable fact that inclines him to the latter view as the reasonable explanation of the "Oneness"that is evidently in control of the universe the fact that there are in existence many Intelligences, and, endowed as they are with free will, it cannot be denied that they influence, to some extent, the course oj events and the conditions that obtain. Moreover, it will be found,

on careful inquiry, that the explanation of the "Oneness"controling in the universe, on the theory that it results from the perfect agreement or unity of Many Intelligences, is more in harmony with the revelations of God on the subject than the theory that there 248 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

is but One Only Intelligence that enters into its government.

This theory Mr. Van Der Donckt, of course, denies, and this is the

issue between us that remains to be tested.

The Reverend gentleman affirms that the first chapter of the

Bible "reveals the supreme fact that there is but One Only and

Living God."This I deny; and affirm the fact that the first chapter of the Bible reveals the existence of a plurality of Gods.

It is a matter of common knowledge that the word translated "God"in the first chapter of our English versions of the Bible, in the Hebrew is Elohim—plural of Eloah—and should be rendered

"Gods"—so as to read "In the beginning the Gods created the

heavens and the earth,"etc. * * * The Gods said, "Let

there be light."* * * The Gods said, "Let us make man,"

etc., etc. So notorious is the fact that the Hebrew plural, blohim,

is used by Moses, that a variety of devices have been employed to make the first chapter of Genesis conform to the "One Only and

Living God"idea. Some Jews in explanation of it, and in defense of

their belief in One Only God, hold that there are several Hebrew words which have a plural form but singular number—of which

they quote as proof of this the words maim,Elohim is one—and

meaning water, shamaim, meaning heaven: and panim, meaning

the face or surface of a person or thing. "But,"says a Christian

Jewish scholar,* "if we examine these words, we shall find that though apparently they may have a singular meaning, yet, in reality, thty have a plural or collective one; thus, for instance,

'maim'water means a collection of waters, forming one collective whole; and thus again 'shamaim,,'heaven, is also, in reality as

well as in form, of the plural number, meaning what we call in a similar way in English, 'the heavens;'comprehending all the

various regions which are included under that title."

Other Jewish scholars content themselves in accounting for this inconvenient plural in the opening chapter of Genesis, by

*This is Rev. H. Highton, M. A. and Fellow of Queen's College,

Oxford, I quote from his lecture on "God a Unity and Plurality,"published in a Christian Jewish periodical called The Voice of Israel, February number, 1844.

THE "MORMON"DOCTRINE OF DEITY. 249

saying that, in the Hebrew, Elohim better represents the idea of "Strong,""Mighty,"than the singular form would, and for this not a few Christianreason it was used—a view accepted by

scholars. Thus, Dr. Elliott, Professor of Hebrew in Lafayette

College, Easton, Pennsylvania, says: "The name Elohim (singular

Eloah) is the generic name of God, and, being plural in form, is probably a plural f excellence and majesty."* Dr. Havernick

derives the word Elohim, from a Hebrew root now lost, coluit, and thinks that the plural is used merely to indicate the abundance and superrichness contained in the Divine being.f Rabbi Jehuda

Hallevi (twelfth century) found in the usage of the plural Elohim a protest against idolaters, who call each personified power Eloah, and all collectively Elohim. "He interpreted it as the most general name of the Deity, distinguishing him as manifested in the

exhibition of his power without reference to his personality or moral qualities, or any special relations which he bears to man."$

A number of Christian scholars attempt to account for the use of the plural Elohim by saying that it foreshadows the doctrine of the

Christian Trinity, that is, it recognizes the existence of the three persons in one God. "It is expressive of omnipotent power; and

by its use here (first chap. Genesis) in the plural lorm is obscurely

taught at the opening of the Bible, a doctrine clearly revealed in other parts of it, viz., that though God is one, there is a plurality

of persons in the Goihead—Father, Son, and Spirit, who were

engaged in the creative work."This view was maintained at

length by Rev. H. Highton, in the Christian Jewish periodical,

The Voice of Israel (1844), before quoted; "But Calvin, Mercer,

Dresius and Ballarmine,"says Dr. Hackett,|| of the Theological

Instiluion of Newton, Massachusetts—editor of Smith's Bible

* "Vindication of Mosaic Authorship of the Pentateuch,"p. 65.

f See "Kitto's Biblical Literature,"Art. "God,"Vol. I, p. 777.

X Smith's Bible Diet. (Hackett ed.) Art. Jehovah, p. 1242.

"Critical and Explanatory Commentary"(Jamieson, Fausset and

Brown) Gen. i: 1, 2.

|| Smith's Bible Dictionary (Hackett ed.) Art. Jehovah Vol. II, p.

1242. 250 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Dictionary—have given the weight of their authority against an

explanation so fanciful and arbitrary."

Others explain the use of the plural "we,"or "us,"by saying that in the first chapter of Genesis Moses represents God as speaking of himself, in that manner, in imitation of the custom of kings, who speak of themselves as "we,"instead Of in the singular, "I."

In other words, it is the royal "we"or "us."This theory, however,

is answered, as pointed out by Rev. H. Highton, by the fact that

the use of what is called the "royal plural"is a modern, not an ancient custom; and reference to the usage of the kings of the

Bible discloses the fact that they always speak of themselves as "I"or "me,"not as "we"or "us."*

Modern Bible criticism, usually denominated "The Higher criticism of the fiveCriticism,"is to a great extent—so far as

books of Moses is concerned—based upon the exclusive use of the

plural Elohim in one section, and the use of Jehovah, singular, in another. "The Pentateuch, therefore, it is asserted, is composed

of two different documents, the one Elohistic, and the other Jehovistic, consequently it cannot be the work of a single author."f

With the various devices for accounting for the use of the plural form Elohim, in the first chapter of the Bible, I have nothing to do here. They are simply pointed out as showing the

wide recognition that is given to the fact of the use of the plural form Elohim that should be rendered in English "Gods;"and also

the perplexity its use occasions among those whose principles call upon them to harmonize its use with the belief in "One Only and

Living God."Mr. Van Der Donckt admits the use of the plural

Elohim, but undertakes to explain away the force of its use as follows:

Whenever Elohim occurs in the Bible, in sense 1, (meaning the True

God) it is employed with singular verbs and singular adjectives.

Relative to this, a friendf directs my attention to Genesis i:

* Voice of Israel (1844) p. 95.

t "Vindication of Mosaic Authorship of the Pentateuch"(Elliott) p. 64.

J This ia Prof. A. Ramseyer, of the Latterday Saints'University.

THE "MORMON"DOCTRINE OF DEITY. 251

26:Maach—"we"Let us willmakemake,"man infirstourpersonimage,"pluraletc, whichfuture inof Hebrewthe verbis

Asah: betsalmaun—be, "in;"tselem, "image;"Nu, "our,"possessive

adjective, first person plural. So that in Genesis i: 26, we have a

case where Elohim is used in connection with a plural verb, and also a plural possessive adjective, and Mr. Van Der Donckt will

not say that Elohim does not, in Genesis i: 26, refer to true Gods.

Again in Genesis iii: 22—"Man is become as one of us"Mr. Ramseyer suggests that here, again, the pronoun used is in the first

person piural. I find this view of both these passages sustained

by Rev. H. Highton in the lecture before quoted. First he says:

The Hebrew word meaning God, is itself a plural word, implying thereby, as we contend, a plurality of persons in the Godhead. * *

We find the plural word Elohim, or God, most usually, though not always, coupled with a singular verb or adjective. * * * *

But lest from the constant use of the word Elohim with the singular number, we should be led to suppose that God is in no sense a plurality, it has pleased him, by the inspiration of his Holy Spirit, to cause that it should be sometimes used with a plural verb or adjective. I will mention some of the clearest passages in which it is so used, that you may

be enabled to refer to them in the Hebrew. You will find it used in a

plural verb in Genesis xx: 13. "And it came to pass, when God caused

me to wander from my father's house,"etc; and again, in Genesis xxxv:

7, "And he built there an altar, and called the place El Bethel: because

there God appeared unto him."And with a plural adjective in Joshua

xxiv: 19; and again in Deut. v: 26 (in the original Hebrew, v: 23).

But we have not merely the plural use of the word Elohim to mention in this part of the argument; we have some very distinct passages,

still more directly implying the plurality of persons. There is a very

remarkable place of the kind in Eccle. xii: 1, where it says: "Remember

now thy Creator in the days of thy youth."In the original Hebrew, the

word is in the plural, and if translated literally, would be, "Remember now thy Creators,"etc. * * * In connection with this expression of Solomon about man's Creators, it is a very remarkable circumstance, that in the account of the creation of man, given by Moses

in the book of Genesis, the plural is also directly used, for it is there recorded, Genesis i: 26, "And God said, Let us make"etc., or "we will

make,"etc., so that Moses as well as Solomon very emphatically declares

that the great Creator of man consists of more than one person; for

whom could God have been addressing when He said, Let us make, etc.?

252 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

I know that, in order to escape the obvious conclusion to be drawn from the passage, it has been asserted that God was here addressing and taking counsel with the angels; but this explanation cannot in any degree

bear the test of an accurate examination of the passage; for is there

the slightest ground for supposing that the angels took any part in the creation of man, when God said, Let us make? or shall we say that man

was made in the image and likeness of the angels, when God said, Let us make, etc., in our image? Surely not, for Moses expressly adds,

(v. 27) So God created man in his own image, in the image of God created

he him; male and female created he them. But there are some other

passages which we ought to examine, where God in the same way speaks of himself in the plural number; thus in Genesis iii: 22, "And the Lord

God said, Behold the man is become as one of us, to know good and evil;

and now, lest he put forth his hand and take also of the tree of life, and eat and live forever,"etc. There are no words which I know which

could more distinctly assert the plurality of persons in God than these, where he says, "one of us."M. Leeser, of Philadelphia, the editor of

the Occident, which is the American Jewish magazine, in his sermon on the Messiah, explains this passage as spoken to the angels—"one of us,"

I believe that themeaning himself and the angels;—but never can

Great Everlasting Creator would thus put himself on a level with the created angels, and say, "one of us,"* * he would either have said to the angels, "Behold, man has bocome as one of you,"or else have said, "Behold, the man has become like me, to know good and evil."

. This view of Genesis i: 26 is also maintained by Prof. W. H.

Chamberlin, of Brigham Young College, Logan, Utah, in the Era for November, 1902. He says: "That Elohim was used in the

plural sense is shown in the twentysixth verse, where the Elohim in referring to themselves use the plural suffix Nu, "our,"twice, and they also use the plural form of the verb Naaseh, "let us make."The Professor also adds the illustration of Genesis xi: 7:

where Nerdhah, "let us descend,"and Nabhlah, "let us confuse,"two verbs in the plural, proceed from the mouth of God."*

* I commend Professor Chamberlin's whole article to the reader as most worthy of his attention at this point: and personally, I wish to

thank the Professor for it as a most timely contribution to the controversy.

THE "MORMON "DOCTRINE OF DEITY. 253

In the light of these facts, the statement of Mr. V. that

whenever Elohim occurs in the Bible, as meaning the true God, it is employed with singular verbs and singular adjectives only, seems to have been made without that careful comideration which the importance of the declaration required. The facts adduced in the

foregoing stand also against Mr. V.'s contention that whenever

the plural "gods"occurs in Holy Writ, it applies only "to false gods and idols;"or "to representatives of God, such as angels,

judges, kings."They were not false gods, nor representatives of

God merely, who said: 'Let us make man in our image"(Genesis i:

26); nor false gods, or mere representatives of God merely, who

said: 'The man has become as one of us"(Genesis ii: 7); and so

also with other passages in the quotation from Rev. Highton's lecture.

Here it may be as well to note the remarks of Mr. Van Der

Donckt with reference to the "Mormon"Church leaders'knowledge of Hebrew. The Rev. gentleman is of the opinion that,

Had the "Mormon"Church leaders known Hebrew, the original language of the book of Moses and nearly the whole of the Old Testament, they would not have been guilty of the outrageous blunders of the

Pearl of Great Price and of the Catechism.

Mr. V. here quotes from the Catechism the account of the

creation taken from the Pearl of Great Price, in which the plural "Gods"is used instead of the singular form "God."It is probable that the "Mormon"Church leaders were better acquainted with

Hebrew than Mr. V. gives them credit for. A number of years

ago (1870) a certain chaplain of the United States Senate presumed not a little on the ignorance of a "Mormon"Church leader

Elder Orson Pratt—respecting Hebrew, and ventured, in the notable debate held by them in the 'Mormon"Tabernacle, at Salt Lake

City, to parade the few Hebrew stemwords, and their derivatives, which he had conned with care before leaving Washington, with a view of making them effective in support of the marginal reading of Leviticus 18: 18, in our common English vers on. To the chaplain's surprise, the "Mormon"apos le was able to follow him in the

discussion of the original Hebrew text, and demons rate that he had a knowledge of Hebrew which made his opponent's special prepara264 IMPROVEMENT ERA,

tion of a few Hebrew words and passages look very much like a cheap bid for a reputation for learning, which the chaplain's knowledge of Hebrew, at least, did not warrant. Nor is that all the

story. Elder Pratt, having observed the stress which the chaplain

had laid upon the marginal rendering of Leviticus 18: 18, in a discourse deliverad in Washington, D. C, before President Grant,

call Dr.members of his cabinet, and members of Congress—to

Newman out, to give him confidence to introduce his defense of the marginal rendering of the passage in the debate at Salt Lake

Pratt quoted the marginal reading of an unimportantCity—Elder

passage, and thus invited the discussion of the text in the original

Hebrew. The Elder's bait took, the discussion largely turned,

after that, upon the text in question, much to the chagrin of the

Senate's chaplain; and Leviticus 18: 18 has been somewhat historical hereabouts, and in Washington, ever since.

But how came Orson Pratt acquainted with Hebrew? The

fact is, that in the winter of 1835-6 a school of languages was established by the Church, at Kirtland, which many of the leading

Elders of the Church attended. Joseph Smith and Orson Pratt

being among the number, Professor Joshua Seixas, of Hudson,

Ohio, being employed as teacher. The Elders were enthusiastic

in their work, and after Prof. Seixas'term as teacher had expired,

the class was continued, with Jos ph Smith as instructor, Orson

Pratt continuing in attendance on the school. The ''Mormon"

Church leaders, I repeat, were better acquainted with Hebrew than Mr. Van Der Donckt gives them credit for; besides, the blunders which Mr. Van Der Donckt has made in his assertions

concerning the use of the plural Elohim, in the Old Testament, makes it rather clear that he is scarcely competent to be a judge of anybody's Hebrew. Moreover, the passage he quotes from our

Catechism, where, in the account of creation, the plural "Gods"is used, is not a quotation from the Bible at all; but a translation

from a record called the "Book of Abraham,"which came into the hands of the Prophet Joseph Smith from the catacombs of Egypt.

So that Mr. V.'s attempted criticism of what he evidently takes to

be extracts of translations from parts of the Bible, is not in point at all, since they are translated extracts from a book that forms no part of the Bible. And is it not evident throughout that Mr.

THE "MORMON"DOCTRINE OF DEITY. 255

Van Der Donckt has rushed into this discussion without being sufficiently informed concerning the doctrines upon which he undertakes to animadvert?

[The closing paper of Elder Roberts, being too long for insertion in one number of the Era, has been divided, and the second division will appear in the March issue. Editors.]

AMONG THE BOULDERS.

FOR THE ERA, BY LIVINSTON C ASHWORTH.

Beneath this jutting crag, pond'rous and steep,

Where narrow room scarce serves

For human entrance, cautiously I creep,

And scorn my timid nerves.

How dreadful this rock hangs! in such fine poise

Held to the mountainside, As if, in middescent, some mighty Voice

A sudden Halt! had cried.

Oh, keen delight! a few brief hours to steal

From worldly jars and shocks, To wander 'mid their dwellings, and to feel

The spirit of the rocks.

To clamber to their mossdecked summits—there,

Lying in careless length, To lay one's hands upon them, and to share

Their patience and their strength.

Huge masses! relics of an age unknown,

Roughtumbled heap on heap.

That from yon heights once torn came crashing down

With many a fearful leap.

256 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Ye call to mind old stories, fancies crude,

Told in an earlier world Of Titan wars, when god*, in angry mood,

These mighty missiles hurled.

And, even now, those slumb'ring powers might wake,

E'en as we draw this breath;

Might from those awful heights some fragments break,

Bringing quick ruin and death.

And here, methinks, a death so quick and sure 'Twere not amiss to die, Where thoughts rise, like those lone peaks, high and pure,

And of eternity.

And, strong in faith and hope, the soul to rise

Triumphant o'er the scene, And gaze with calm and gently wond'ring eyes

Where once its fears had been.

Triumphant? Yes. Then frown, thou rocky crest!

And threaten vengeance blind:

Not all the forces pent within your breast

Can crush the human mind.

SOME SAYINGS.

When an idea is clothed in the garment of discretion, the fashion cannot be improved upon.

In railroad parlance, do not "side track"your good thoughts, for that would be eccentric, but let them be uttered,- held on the main track, for the benefit of others.

Adversity tries the spirit but hope, encouraged by determined resolution, will enable one to fcale the ramparts of fate in the great battle of life, and bring success to crown the victor with the laurels of prosperity. George W. Crocheron.

LIVING FAITH—THE SECRET OF "MORMON"

SUCCESS.

BY ELDER NEPHI PRATT, PRESIDENT OF THE NORTHWESTERN

STATES MISSION, SPOKANE, WASH.

[The following synopsis of a discourse delivered an evening in September, 1902, by Elder Pratt, on a street corner, in the city of Spokane,

Washington, is a fair sample of what the missionaries are proclaiming to the world concerning the people generally known as "Mormons,"relating to the restoration of the Gospel of Christ. It will be read with

interest by the young men who contemplate missions, and will serve also to draw the busy mind at home to a contemplation of the things of

God, and to the need of living more closely to the letter of our professions. Elder Pratt, who is a son of the great early Church missionary, Parley P. Pratt, has charge of about fifty elders, and his mission

embraces most of Montana, Oregon and Washington, and parts of Idaho and British Columbia, with headquarters at Spokane. Editors.]

Friends and Fellow Citizens:—The labor of myself and these

young elders, in the city of Spokane, consists of preaching on the streets on weeknights, holding cottage meetings on Sundays, distributing tracts each afternoon from door to door, and holding gospel conversations with people who will listen to us. Our experiences are often painful, at times amusing, and, for days together, discouraging. We meet with bigotry such as crucified

Christ, with intolerance such as caused Christians to burn each other at the stake, and with atheism and positivism which deny the existence of anything that cannot be seen, heard or felt by the five senses. We are often opposed by fools, whose senseless

gabble is applauded by refined bigotry, as though it were the greatest wisdom, for no other reason than that "Mormonism"i 258 IMPRO VEMEN T ERA.

the thing they are attempting to destroy. Indeed, many enlightened Christians of this great century, who are well able to reason

accurately, on any and every ordinary subject, count logic, reason, and common sense, well lost, if only "Mormonism"can be temporarily disposed of. Drown the voice of its elders with noise;

silence them wit'i the threats and blackguardism of drunkards; stifle

its voice with violence; turn away its advocates by hisses, sneers,

and groans; in short everything, or anything, that can be thought

of or devised on earth, to drive from the world these unorthodox and unpopular doctrines.

It is reasonably certain that corruption is the underlying cause of this state of affairs. This wonderful age, with its progress in art, in science, in literature, in invention; with its mighty

engines of power, by which it moves the commerce of the world, circumscribes the globe with its electrical appliances, carrying the world's occurrences into the uttermost parts of the earth, in a moment; with its laborsaving machinery, its improved methods

of dealing with the elements of nature, stimulating and increasing production thereby; and with its multiplied powers in

all directions, whereby man, under wise and honest government, might be happier, healthier, better fed, clothed, housed, educated, developed, enriched, enobled, and crowned with a success never before attained in any age, since the beginning of time; this

age, with all its wonderful progress, has utterly failed, thus far, in bringing about these desirable conditions for man. Is man redeemed from the degradation of groveling pover.y, penury and

want? Is he emancipated from the necessity of becoming a wolf,

and devouring his neighbor? In fact, is he not almost compelled

to do so, or starve? Is he morally nobler than in the days of his

grandfather, before science and invention had brought about these wonderful changes? Is it not easily proved from the records that

there is one hundred murders, adulteries, fornications, whoredoms, thefts, suicides, homicides, rapes, cruelties and crimes of all descriptions now, where there was one, a hundred years ago? Oh,

what an awful, what a melancholy thought; and yet how impossible to deny!

Where, then, shall we look for the cause of such a deplorable state of affairs? Is it not accounted for, in the fact that the reLIVING FAITH. 259

ligion, the theology of the fathers, that was cast in the mold of other ages, stands unchanged, covered with the cobwebs of other centuries, not having moved a single step in advance for hundreds of years, thus leaving its votaries morally and spiritually dwarfed, shriveled, and dead?

What possible advancement can there be in a system of theology which has neither apostles, prophets, nor other inspired or divinely authorized servants of God; and which denies revelation,

visions, the visitation of holy angels, tongues, prophesyings, healings, interpretations, etc.? Since, then, science has proved itself

unable to save and elevate man; the arts have failed, inventions

have not accomplished it, and a system of religion shorn of its power for centuries, being dead, root and branch, has done nothing for his elevation, was it not high time that the God of heaven should again put forth his hand to restore to the earth a system of salvation for his children? The spirit that actuated the ancient servants of

God, and the Church of God that was established by Jesus Christ, gave life, growth, development, advancement, enlightenment and progress in things religious.

Such a religion goes in advance in all things pertaining to man's material and eternal welfare.

Such a system has been revealed to the earth, through the ministering of holy angels, in this our day. The enemies of truth

have sought to drive it from the earth. They have fought it with

ridicule, denunciation, and invective. The press, the pulpit, and

the lecture platform, have filled the world with falsehoods, in regard to it. Its votaries have been driven, whipped, imprisoned,

plundered, robbed, ravished, and murdered. This great system

has been misnamed "Mormonism,"By the Spirit of God, it is solving the problems of socialism. Through its teachings, ninety

per cent of the "Mormon"people live in their own houses; are

colonizing with great unanimity and success in many states and countries, and are acknowledged everywhere to be thrifty, successful a d independent, accomplishing, by their united efforts, that which would cost others millions in money to perform.

In order to illustrate the mighty power of this system and the way it operated upon those who gladly received it, let us take a retrospective view of this wonderful people, commencing away 260 IMPROVEMEN1 ERA.

back in 1847. In the blistering month of July, of that eventful

year, the advance guard of the "Mormon"people, with stormbeaten visages, cracked and bleeding lips, sunburnt faces and weary limbs; with ox teams, cow teams, horse teams, and teams

of oxen and cows yoked together, and some few with no teams, all hungry, legweary and footsore, wended their way slowly down the plateaus of the great range of Wasatch mountains, and gazed for the first time upon the sterility and awful desolation of no one knows how many centuries of time. Except for the willows and

cottonwood trees that skirted the streams, th.re was no green

thing to gladden and brighten the landscape; no pines, spruce,

nor other trees of any kind to be seen, except in the canyons and gorges, and on the rocky steeps and high slopes of the rockbound, snowcrowned mountains, which surrounded the valley of the

Great Salt Lake. When these lonely wanderers looked about

them, they gazed upon a vast area of country, seamed and cracked and baked by the suns of a thousand rainless summers. If they

looked at the earth they beheld an ash heap; if at the sky, a

merciless sun, sending down its scorching rays with pittiless persistence upon their unprotected heads. If they looked to the

west, they gazed upon a dead sea, so impregnated with salt that no creature that lives in the rivers or marshes, that is known on the land, or which inhabits the ocean, could endure even a temporary existence in its deadly waters. These devoted followers of inspiration and revelation, with their prophets, apostles, bishops, counselors and leading men, were the advance guard of a mighty people, who, fleeing from Christian mobs, in an enlightened country,

in the blazing light of the nineteenth century civilization, were seeking homes where they might worship God in peace, according to the dictates of their consciences. Their former homes, built upon

lands purchased from the government, were now in ashes, their altars desecrated, their grain fields laid waste, their resources cut off. Their prophet and patriarch, Joseph and Hyrum Smith, had

been murdered in cold blood, many scores of their brethren, shot to death, women, single and married, ravished, and all the cruelties heaped upon their defenseless heads, that the ingenuity of cruel enemies could invent. In this desolate, barren, unsmiling and untried desert, began a gathering together of multitudes of destiLIVING FAITH. 261

tute, homeless creatures, under circumstances such as the world never witnessed since the beginning of time, and may never behold again till eternity is ushered in, and time shall be no more.

They were between ten and eleven hundred miles from civilization on the east, and nine hundred miles from California, on the west.

They knew nothing of irrigation; nothing as to whether the soil

they were settling upon would produce the necessaries of life or not. They could not return to the land from whence they had

just fled, even if peace could have been secured for them; neither

could they advance to the green, smiling, productive fields of California; for were not their team3 worn out, and they and their

wives and little ones without the power of endurance to drag themselves any farther? Under these circumstances, it resolved into

one of two things: either to remain in Salt Lake valley and live, or

remain in Salt Lake valley and die. They had brought with them

all the wheat and other cereals they could hope to carry across the plains. It is very esy to understand that their supply was very

limited, for their women and children must have room to ride, their bedding and clothing must be stowed away, and all the necessary articles for use, have place within their wagons, besides the flour and other articles of food which must be carried. Under these

conditions, only enough seed grain, and a few potatoes, and other seeds to plant a limited crop, were brought along. Then came the

fateful question: if we sow in this untried desert, shall we ever'

reap? and if we do not reap a plentiful harvest the coming year,

what will become of us, our wives and little ones, before the snows of our second winter shall have whitened the earth? We cannot

go forward, we cannot go backward; and, if we do not reap, we

shall, by the sure process of slow starvation, all go down to death, with no eye to pity, no arm to save, and no hand to give us burial.

These were the appalling conditions which confronted several hundred Saints, in that first trying autumn, in Great Salt Lake valley, in the year of our Lord, 1847.

In the midst of such unheard of, unparalleled circumstances, let it be told from generation to generation, down through all the ages, to their everlasting credit, that not one man in all that "Mormon"host weakened. Neither men, women nor children gave

up to the slightest degree of despair; no weak knees, no trembling

262 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

lips, no tears, no regrets, no hesitancy. In that then unknown,

untrodden, untried wilderness of barren mountains and lifeless deserts, with an alacrity born of faith that knows no wavering, of energy that recognizes no defeat, they commenced to lay the foundations deep and strong, of that splendid commonwealth, which has since risen to such greatness and renown.

Can the history of the world furnish a parallel to this? Yet

the explanation is most simple. These people possessed a living

faith in a true and living God. They had heard his voice, received

divine inspiration from him, and experienced his power. They

were led by living prophets, by divinely called and inspired apostles, who had never yet, in all their varied experience lied to them, or predicted that which did not come to pass. Did they not have

for their leader that vigorous, courageous, dauntless, vigilant, invincible Brigham Young? Had not he and his great apostles decided

upon that land as a gathering place for the hosts of Israel, who should be brought out of every nation? Had not that land, and

the gathering in of the people upon it, been the theme of the ancient prophets? Isaiah had predicted that "in the last days the

mountain of the Lord's house shall be established in the tops of the mountains, and shall be exalted above the hills, and all nations shall flow unto it."Ezekiel, Jeremiah, and others of the

Jewish prophets, had foreseen and foretold these same strange events: the Prophet Joseph Smith, just prior to his martyrdom,

had predicted that the Saints should become a mighty people in the midst of the Rocky mountains. And, last but not least, had

not the Prophet Brigham Young, standing in the Great Salt Lake valley, on the backbone of the Rockies, sticking the point of his walking cane into the soil, declared: "here shall be erected the

temple of our God,"and, motioning with his hand so as to take in all points of the compass, exclaimed: "Here shall be buildei a

great city?"These testimonies of ancient and modern prophets

were enough.

Every soul in the camps of Israel believed every word of these things. People possessing such mighty faith as was here

exhibited, never did fail in any age of the world; and so it was upon this supreme occasion: they sowed in faith, and they reaped in

abundance; they planted, saying: "God never led us here to starve,"

LIVING FAITH. 263

and they gathered in an hundred fold. They builded their cabins

of logs, with a sure premonition that one day they would be turned into palaces, their poverty into liches, and their desolate land into fruitful fields. These, as they wrought, were their visions by

day, and their dreams by night, inspired by the God of Daniel.

How abundantly their faith was rewarded may be seen by a visit to the land where they now dwell. What do we behold today? A

magnificent temple which is the joy and glory of the western world; the corner stone of which was laid April 6, 1853, and which

was completed and dedicated April 6, 1893; ninetynine feet wide

by one hundred and eightysix feet long; with a foundation ten

feet thick at the base, and five feet thick at the square; one hundred feet high from basement to square; built of great solid

theblocks of beautiful, white granite; with six towers,—three on

west and three on the east, the east center tower being two hundred and twenty feet high, surmounted by an angelic figure twelve and one half feet high, made of copper and gilded with gold leaf, the whole costing $4,000,000.

Then there is the great tabernacle, one hundred and fifty feet wide by two hundred and fifty feet long; eighty feet high; seating

capacity about ten thousand, without pillars in the center to obstruct the sound of the voice; its mammoth arches resting upon

fortyfour stone pillars; with its twenty double doors, which

renders it easy to empty the vast structure in five minutes; cost

$300,000.

Here we see the grand organ, thirty feet wide by thirtythree feet long, and fortyeight feet high; with its bellows operated by

electricity; with sixtyseven stops and two thousand, six hundred

and fortyeight pipes; about the greatest instrument in the world.

From these great structures you gaze upon the city of Salt

Lake, with its wide and beautiful streets, its thousands of palatial residences; its gardens, pleasure grounds, rivulets and parks; its

landscapes, fruits, flowers and fountains; and finally a hundred

other cities, towns and villages, three of which contain, each, a magnificent temple,—besides thousands of farms, orchards, stock

ranches, mines of gold and silver and precious stones.

All these things are the most perfect fulfilment of every word spoken by the mouths of their prophets, and are at least a partial 264 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

realization of their dreams. These evidences all unite to testify

that the faith of this marvelous people was not in vain; that the

God of Joseph Smith and Brigham Young was the true and living

God; the same who led ancient Israel dryshod through the Red

sea; that their prophets and apostles were called and inspired of

God. In the face of such facts as these, no one need attempt to

make the Latterday Saints believe that they are not daily led by revelation from God. Those revelations contained in the Old and

New Testaments, would not have fitted their case. This people

situated as they were, were compelled to have something later or perish.

Revealed religion was always in advance of science, in fact, it was revealed religion that introduced science to the earth; and as

in the days of Abraham and Moses, so, in this day, "Mormonism"was solving the problems of the age, of the rocks of which the earth is made, while geology was yet in its infancy, and was making known things pertaining to our solar system, that science sneered at, but acknowledged the truth Of sixty years later.

"Mormonism"deals, in an unmistakable manner, with those great questions of life in a preexistent state; of life here in this

material world; of life beyond the grave in the spiritual world; and

of life in the resurrection world. It solves the problems of our

relationship to God, to angels, to spirits unborn, and to departed spirits; gives us a knowledge of man's responsibilities to God; of

his relationship to his wife, children and parents, and gives him a complete and perfect system of eternal relationship with kindred spirits beyond the grave. In short it reveals principles pertaining

to time and eternity, such as never entered into the heart of man to conceive of, who were not inspired by the spirit and power of

God.

Now, where did "Mormonism"get its growth, its power, the mighty and potent influence it wields over the minds of men, its certainty, its boundless knowledge, its perfect adaptability to all kinds of men, and to all conditions surrounding them?

This "ism"is from God. It came by revelation from him. It

has been sustained and perpetuated by him through scenes of op position that would have destroyed anything emenating from a lesser source. It contains all heights and depths of knowledge, wisLIVING FAITH. 265

dom and power, defies the ravages of time, and will stand through time and eternity, mighty, powerful and potent to save men from their sins, and from poverty and sickness, and deliver them from death, hell and the grave.

It makes plain the principles of eternal marriage between a man and the woman he loves, puts him in possession of the science of endless lives, and renders it possible for him to possess all things worth having in time and in eternity.

Such, my dear friends and brethren of Spokane, are in part the great principles of the go -pel of the Son of God, as revealed to the ancient prophets and Saints, and as restored to the earth by the ministration of holy angels, in this day, through Joseph,

Smith, the mighty prophet of this dispensation, and I testify to it, in the name of J esus Christ. Amen.

THE REWARD OF SERVICE.

The sweetest lives are those to duty wed,

Whose deeds, both great and small,

Are closeknit strands of an unbroken thread,

Where love ennobles all.

The world may sound no trumpets, ring no bells;

The Book of Life the shining record tells.

Thy love shall chant its own beatitudes

After its own life working. A child's kiss

Set on thy singing lips shall make thee glad;

A poor man served by thee shall make thee rich;

A sick man helped by thee shall make thee strong;

Thou shalt be served thyself by every sense

Of service which thou renderest. Elizabeth Barrett Browning.

IN MEMORY.

BY W. J. SLOAN.

"And again, verily 1 say unto you, if a man marry a wife by my word, which is my law, and by the new and everlasting covenant, and it is sealed unto them by the Holy Spirit of promise, by him who is anointed, unto whom I have appointed this power, and the keys of this Priesthood, * * * it shall be done unto them in all things whatsoever my servant hath put upon them, in time, and through all eternity, and shall be of full force when they are out of the world; and they shall pass by the angels, and the Gods, which are set there, to

their exaltion and glory in all things, as hath been sealed upon their heads, which glory shall be a fullness and a continuation of the seeds for ever and ever. Then shall they be Gods, because they have no end."Doctrine and

Covenants, Sec. 132: 19, 20.

Ethel, from your home in the spirit land, will you forgive me for using your name and telling your life story? As I

tell it, old memories haunt me, old scenes come back to my mind;

scenes of pleasure, of doubt and of pain; even as your life was one

of pleasant and happy thoughts, doubts, and a fatal decision, and then unhappiness, misery and death.

As I tell the story, a pain is in my heart, a pain for you, dear friend; and yet, I seem to feel that, could you come back to this

earth of ours, you would whisper the story I am going to tell, for it is your story; and, as I tell it, my spirit shall try to speak to

your own, and I shall talk even as we would talk, were we side by side.

I have not forgotten your childhood home, nor your parents whom I am told still live, though years have passed since my last visit; yet I know that your memory is held in love, forgiveness and

pain. It was a good home, and they were true parents. It was

with doubt that they looked upon your leaving the old home, but you were ambitious and felt that the old home did not offer enough, and so you left it; for what? because your father and mother had

IN MEMORY. 267

others depending upon them, and you ought to work to relieve their burden, you told yourself. Yet, your woman's nature asked

for the dress, the finery which you saw other women wear, and which you knew your father could not furnish; and so you would furnish

them by your own work. You parted from the old home, but you

never wholly forgot it, nor its teachings. You came to the city;

in memory, I see you now as I saw you then, young, sweet, pure.

You remember, dear friend, how glad you were when we met, in the city, for you had a place to work; you were to be paid every

week; money, your own, more than you could ever before call your

own at any one time in your life, was to be yours every week; you could

have dresses, hats, and the other things, which your girlish heart yearned for, the same as other girls had. And you had them, and

ycu were worthy of all that can adorn woman. And yet, forgive

me dear friend, but in your adornment of the outer self you forgot the inner self, the soul; do I wrong you? nay, I am only using your

own words, as you told them to me in later life.

Seeing the glitter, which you thought was gold, of city life, the old home and its environments had no further charm for you.

The boys at home, who followed the plow and worked in the field, were good boys, you told yourself, as you told me, but too slow, and not up to 'snuff,'none of them for you; they might be all

right in their place, and would make good husbands for the girls who stayed at home and knew no better than to marry them; But

for you, it must be a city life, with its pleasures and excitements.

And so you threw your net; wealth and social position was your

object. That love which makes life worth living in this world, and

far more in the great beyond, you forgot; to your innocent soul,

the story was sweetly told; you trusted, although those who loved

you best told you nay; for as you listened to the old, sweet story,

you heard only one voice, that of the lover, and, under the spell, you forgot a life's teachings that there is but one love, one marriage, which ends not when death parts, but goes on forever.

As you heard the story of love, that wondrous story, old yet ever new, you forgot that, "Love unchecked is a dangerous guide

To wander at will by a fair girl's side."

The old, sweet story, well told, won your heart; I seem to see

.268 IMPR VEMENT ERA

Iyou now as I saw you when you told me of your choice, seem to hear my voice, as I said to you: "I wish you every

I saidjoy and happiness that life can bring to you."And yet,

it with a pain in my heart, a doubt in my mind; for I felt that

unl?ss the teachings of home were wholly forgotten, or could be

entirely thrown aside, which they cannot be by the true heart, my wish could only be fulfilled in a measure, a measure of a few years.

You were happy, and I rejoiced in your happiness; you

suffered, and in my heart I pitied you; and yet, I honored you, for

you had not jorgotten. You thought, nay, you said, that there

would be no quarrel when the day came for the children, your children, to choose their God; your God should be their God, you

told yourself; the home teachings still lived.

The years passed, the shouts of children filled the home, warmed your heart, made it love as it had never loved before, brought to your face a smile, to your lips a glad word, even when the body was, oh, so tired. Then came an hour in which

the smile, the joys, were dead; ah, the pain, the agony of those

wakeful nights and days, and then * * *. He, your husband, tried to cheer you, tried to make you forget, told you of

those others who where left to comfort, and who needed your mother's care; nobly did you rise to the requirements; your voice

was pleasant, your face wore a smile, even though a pain was at your heart. One day, a thought came, an echo of past teachings,

the great eternity, your darling child; like a flood, the

thought overpowered your mind; was he gone from you forever?

and they who were left, when the time came to part with them, was it to be forever? You talked to him, tried to make him see

as you saw, tried to make him understand your hope and faith, for you felt both, as you had never felt them before. He was kind, yet

gently told you that this life ended all, that there was no beyond;

and in your mind, you almost wished that you could believe as he did, and in your soul you prayed, that your old faith might not be shaken, though it was as fire to your mother's heart; hope and the

past had joined hands.

Again came weary nights and days of watching, and then little one was carried to rest. Then a phantom—another

IN MEMORY. 269

seemed to haunt your mind, whispering, "those who are joined together on earth shall be joined in heaven."In a few months,

the sad watch was once more held in that home; but you, dear

friend, were not watching this time, only waiting. The doctors

said it was a slow fever; yet, as I stood and heard the cold sod

strike with its dull sound, I said to myself, you died as others have died, as others live, with a broken heart.

"And again, verily I say unto you, if a man marry a wife, and make a covenant with her for time and for all eternity, if that covenant is not by me, or by my word, which is my law, and is not sealed by the Holy Spirit of promise, through him whom I have anointed and appointed unto this power—then it is

not valid, neither of force when they are out of the world, because they are not joined by me, saith the Lord, neither by my word. * * * They cannot, therefore,

inherit my glory, for my house is a house of order, saith the Lord God."Doctrine and Covenants, Sec. 132: 18.

BIRTHDAY SONG OF PRAISE.

BY LULA GREENE RICHARDS.

[The following affectionate tribute to President John R. Winder, on

the anniversary of his eightyfirst birthday, December 11, 1902, was sang in chorus by the Temple choir, the solo being beautifully rendered by Sister Maggie S. Hull, in the morning services at the Temple, on that

day. Editors.]

Our noble friend, and kind, This day of days, Our love and thanks combined, In song we raise;

That thou hast lived so long, And been so brave and strong, With truth to combat wrong To God, all praise!

On this, thy natal day, Great heart, and true, We bless thy name, and pray, God to renew, 270 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

And grant thee pow'r and grace

For every time and place, Until his glorious face Shall greet thy view.

Then, well beloved, may we, In jovous ways, Still celebrate with thee Thy day of days;

As faithful children still.

May we with thee fulfill Jehovah's gracious will, To him, all praise!

By evil ne'er enticed, Thy feet have trod The lowly path of Christ, Thou 'st borne the rod;

And now, we humbly bring, This grateful offering, We bless thy name, and sing, All praise to God.

Yea, praise to him who reigns,

And gives reward;

Whose arm of love sustains, Whose scribes record, As now thy name appears, With prophets, priests and seersThrough all the coming years,

Praise God, the Lord!

"JAGD NACH DEM GLUECK."

BY ELDER HUGH J. CANNON, PRESIDENT OF THE GERMAN MISSION,

BERLIN.

Occupying a conspicuous place in one of the galleries of

Berlin, is a large picture bearing the above title—The Chase After

Fortune. Glueck, or Fortune, is represented by a female figure,

and she is being pursued by a young man on horseback. She

manages, however, to keep just out of his reach. All in vain, he

applies the spurs to his steed; in vain, he implores her to wait for

him. To his outstretched arms and appealing cry, she returns a

winning smile, inciting him to greater efforts. A beautiful girl

lies under his horse's feet; in his frenzied determination to reach

the object of his desires, he has trampled her to the earth, but even this does not check him in his flight to destruction. The

fleeting figure seems so very near, she beckons him with her fair arm, and holds out such great inducements, if he will but come a little farther; that the thought of turning back was not to be considered. She had already cost so much time, so much effort, he

has given up his all for her, and now to lose her would be to lose not. A little greater exeverything. Turn back he cannot—will

ertion on his part, and the prize must surely be his, and he will be richly rewarded for his perseverance. But, he has come to

the end of the road. Before him is an abyss into which he must

fall, and the grim figure of Death, unseen by him, is riding by his side. These dangers, however, are all unnoticed. He has no

thought for anything except the happiness which he vainly imagines is awating him.

The writer is not a connoisseur of art, and cannot, therefore, 272 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

judge the picture from the standpoint of an artist. Neither is it

his intention, in this article, to attempt such a task; but the canvas teaches a lesson, and points out a moral more eloquently than

the most gifted pen could do; and one need not be a great artist,

in fact, it is not necessary to know anything about art, to be benefited by a study of this painting. After all, are not many of us

in positions similar to that occupied by the young man in the picture? What would some of us not give to overtake Fortune? (which

represents wealth, ambition, worldly pleasure and the gratification of our baser selves). She stands just before us, so beautiful, so

alluring, and beckoning so invitingly for us to follow.

Some of the brightest men in the United States have heard the gospel of Jesus Christ, and many of them have been thoroughly convinced of the sincerity and honesty of those who were advocating its principles. In many cases, they have been convinced of

the correctness of these principles, and that they were revealed by the Almighty to the Prophet of this dispensation for the guidance of his wandering children here upon earth. But their

political ambitions, their love of worldly honor, or their unwillingness to subject themselves to the strict moral laws imposed upon all Latterday Saints, lured them on, and they allowed virgin truth to be tramp ed under their feet, in order that they might receive one smile from the siren who was leading them to their doom. In

other respects, perhaps, these men were not lacking in honesty or courage, but their unconquerable, desire to be well thought of by their fellowmen would not permit them to join, or even to befriend this unpopular people.

One of the most notable instances of this kind was Stephen

A. Douglas, who was at one time a good friend of Joseph Smith.

In order to gratify his ambition and gain political distinction, he refused to listen to the dictates of conscience, and made a bitter attack upon the Saints, although the Prophet of the Lord had warned him of what the result would be, if he took such a course.

He rejected true honor, and was in turn rejected by the spirit of manly uprightness that had formerly characterized his life; and all

this because he thought he could see Fortune ahead of him holding out alluring promises. Almost every Latterday Saint knows

what the result was. When he denounced this people, and said

"JAGD NACH DEM GLUECK? 273

that they were "outlaws, unfit to be citizens of a territory, much less ever to become citizens of one of the free and independent states of this confederacy,"he gave the destroyer, who unseen was riding alongside, a fatal hold on him. Stephen A. Douglas

was not the only candidate for the Presidential chair who was acquainted with the doctrines of the Church, and who had every reason to believe they were true; nor was he the only one who

found, when it was too lata, how elusive Fortune may be.

The history of the world is full of such instances. But perhaps the Church itself furnishes more and better illustrations, at

least to its members, than can be found elsewhere. Of the prominent men who left the Church during its infancy, and even up to

the present time, all were urged on by the fictitious promise of wealth, power, worldly pleasure, or the honors of men. A very

slight acquaintance with Church history is sufficient to show how vain these promises were, and how much disappointment they brought to those who allowed themselves to be led away by them.

Instead of happiness, remorse is invariably the result; for neglect

of duty brings sorrow and suffering, sooner or later. Instead of

gaining the honor and applause of the world, these men were looked down upon; for, however anxious the world may be to lead

men astray, she despises them after they have proved recreant to their principles.

Perhaps, some day, an artist will paint a picture somewhat similar, and yet very different, to the one here described. His

subject may be a man who is devoting his life to the pursuit of

Truth. If he understands his subject, he will show how one whose

energies are bent in this direction always elevates those with whom he comes in contact, instead of trampling them under foot.

During the pursuit, he has been near enough to Truth to enjoy her sweet companionship, and to learn many valuable lessons from her in virtue, sobriety, honesty, and in doing good to his—lessons

felloeman. He has learned to be truly happy. Through her

guidance, he is able to avoid the precipice, or is carried safely beyond it; and when Death's angel does finally call for him, no

feeling of fear follows the summons, for he can see before him the smiling face of his Master, and can hear the words, "Well done, thou good and faithful servant."

A NEW YEAR—A NEW MOTTO.

BY J. LLOYD WOODRUFF, SALT LAKE CITY.

Nineteen hundred and three, with its wealth of opportunity, is here; twelve long months lie before us. Boys, what are we going

to do with them? I wish practically to ask this question of my

younger brethren. What are our aims and ambitions? What do

we, in the coming year, hope to accomplish? Seriously, ask yourself, "How have I employed my time in the past?"More seriously, yes and prayerfully, too, ask, "How do I intend to employ my

energies in the future?

Have you ever thought of the power the lives of others have upon us, especially the lives of those we place as standards worthy to be followed? I believe there is in human nature a something

which tends in a greater or less degree to heroworship. We find

this exemplified in the ancestral reverence of the Chinese; the

mythological religions of the ancients; the deification of the saints

and martyrs by some of the Christian churches today; and I feel

safe in saying that if we look into our own hearts, we will find heroes and heroines to whom we look with a certain reverence, and whose deeds and lives we strive to emulate. To my mind there is

nothing detrimental in this; provided always, that our heroes are of

a type truly noble, whose deeds tend to make the world better.

To my younger brethren, I would like to sound a note of warning in this respect. It is, I believe, a fact that we can never be

better than our aspirations, never reach a greater nobility than our ideals. Christ wished to impress this fact upon his disciples

when he said, (Matt. 10: 24) "The disciple is not above his Master,

nor the servant above his Lord."

This being true, how necessary is it for us to choose those who are indeed noble, as our examples! I have heard it said, "It is

better to aim at a mole hill than a star, as we can hit the hill, but can never hope to reach the star."I think, however, it is

A NEW YEAR—A NEW MOTTO. 275

far better to aim high; if we do not hit the star, we will find that

in our efforts to reach it, we have left the mole hill far behind us, and are stronger and better for having striven for something truly great.

Look around among your young friends, note their lives and actions, and then ask them who they think the greatest man is that ever lived. Almost invariably you will see that their actions,

to a greater or less extent, tend to create the type of man they admire. Show me a boy who thinks a prize fighter is the acme of

manliness, and I will show you a boy who likes to wager and fight, and who will, if allowed to follow his inclinations, become a third or fourth rate fistic star. The boy who thinks the saloon loafer,

with his questionable stories, uncouth joke and bad cigar, an enviable figure, will, when young, go around with a pencil or stick in his mouth for the now prohibited cigar. Later, he will be found

behind the barn with a combination of wrappingor newspaper and cedar bark to satisfy his craving for greatness, and perhaps a copy of "Forty Buckets of Blood,"or "Dick, the Boy Bandit,"to add spice to the situation.

On the other hand, where boys and girls have good and great men and women, as their loadstones, we find they are striving to become better, trying day by day to overcome the little unsightly defects in their characters which form the gulf separating them from those to whose greatness they wish to attain.

It is time that we should awaken to the possiblities that lie before us, and also to the responsibilities which do and will rest upon us. We are not as other people aie; we cannot afford to let

the golden hours of our youth slip idly or sinfully by. We have been

chosen of the Lord to do a great and mighty work, and it behooves us to put forth our strength and prepare ourselves for it. Otherwise condemnation will be at our doors.

"Let us then be up and doing, With a heart for any fate;

Still achieving, still pursuing,

Learn to labor and to wait."

In the annals of our Church, we have a galaxy of great and noble men and women from whom to choose our ideals; sons and

daughters of God whose lives have been one long symphony to 276 A NEW YEAR—A NEW MOTTO.

Jehovah, and whose deeds are written in the Lamb's book of life.

But I would say, let us go farther, let us choose the highest standard of purity the world has ever known. Why not take as the

hero we will worship, the being whose life we will emulate, Jesus

Christ, our Lord and Master? Is this a star too high, too bright,

and glorious for us to set as the standard we hope to attain? No;

for he himself said, "Be ye therefore perfect., even as your Father

in heaven is perfect."And this perfection which he placed within our

reach he esti.nated even higher than his own, for he said, "I go unto

the Father, for my Father is greater than I."Read carefully his life,

reflect upon his words, think of his deeds, try to conceive and feel the love he bestowed upon us, and you cannot help but love him.

From the innermost depths of your soul, you will worship him. Let

but this undefiled love once shed its rays on your heart, and you will sense the bitterness of worldly things, and will rise above the petty jealousies and hatreds that now so often mar our peace.

Think of these things, my young brethren, let us make a covenant with each other from now on to better serve the Lord. Let

us take the life of Christ as our standard, and never cease to battle with ourselves while one unworthy thought, one selfish motive, remains unconquered.

Would we really become Christlike, we have many things to learn, and much to overcome. We must learn to love each other

more unselfishly. We must be selfdenying and helpful, keeping

in mind that:

When we work for those around us,

For ourselves we win a prize;

Ladders that we build for others

Are the ones by which we rise.

And above all, we must learn never to trifle with the good name of another. I wish we, the young men of Zion, could adopt

a motto something like this, "We do not speak unkindly of each other."When we have learned to so control ourselves that an idle

tale derogatory to the fair name of friend or foe, never passes our lips, we will have made a great stride forward to that goal which

Christ has set as one of the first laws of the Kingdom of Heaven, "Love thy neighbor as thyself."

FRUITS OF THE FALL.

BY J. PRESTON GREER, OF SPANISH FORK, UTAH.

[The four Mutual Improvement associations of Spanish Fork, Utah county, held an annual oratorical contest, on September 24, 1902, at which the prize, a silver cup, was awarded to Elder J. Preston Creer, for

this oration, for a copy of which the Era is indebted to Elder Heber C.

Jex. Editors.]

The fact that man enjoyed the immediate association of his

Heavenly Father, long before he was privileged to claim the earth as his home, has long been known and promulgated by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. It is true, our information

on this point is not so extensive as on other points of doctrine, nevertheless, we have sufficient evidence to justify us in accepting this glorious truth.

The Pearl of Great Price informs us that previous to mortality, we lived and communed with Jehovah. We are further told

that we had reached the highest degree of perfection enjoyed in the spiritual state, consequently, according to the law of eternal progress, it was necessary that a more advanced estate be granted us, that in our righteous ambition we might become more perfect our Father in heaven.—like unto

Our association with God in the spirit world was, no doubt, most delightful as well as most desirable. We were his sons and

daughters, living under his divine care, and enjoying the full fruition of his holy influence. Surrounded as we were with all

this celestial glory, yet within our beings there was a constant yearning for something more advanced. The inspiration we imbibed from Jehovah forced us on to eternal perfection.

God desired that we should become like unto him—fathers as

well as sons; kings as well as subjects; creators as well as things

278 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

created. This righteous desire enjoyed alike by man and by his

creator, could be materialized only by coming to earth and taking upon ourselves bodies wherein our spirits might gain experience.

We were to emerge from beneath divine protection, and be thrown into the midst of sin and degradation. We were to become acquainted with grief, and to be known as men of pain, and sorrow.

Yet the knowledge that we should some day be redeemed and exalted in the presence of our Maker, banished our fears, filled our souls with hope, and afforded us such gladness, that in our delight, we sang and shouted for joy. t

Wonderment now fills our minds, and the questions intuitively arise: Who is the author of this plan, whereby we are to be

granted the benign privilege of coming to earth and acquiring such experience? Where was this scheme, for the eternal exaltation of

man, devised? Where were we when it was ratified? What part,

if any, did we take in its adoption?

In the Book of Abraham are found answers to each of these questions. Before the elements of this planet had the opportunity

of yielding obedience to the wondrous voice of God; before the

foundation of the earth was laid, the Gods met in council and there laid out the plan by which we might progress eternally. Nor was

this accomplished without great division and disputation.

At this council, two plans were submitted: one by Lucifer, the

Son of the Morning; the other, by Christ, the Lamb slain from the

foundation of the world. Satan, in the language of Jehovah, came

before his Father and said: "Behold here am I, send me, I will be

thy son, and I will redeem all mankind, that not one soul shall be lost, and surely I will do it, wherefore give me thine honor."

Conversely to this plan, Jesus presented himself before his

Father, and offered himself as a Redeemer, saying: "I will go

down and save all those who obey thee, and unto thee will I give the glory and honor forever."The latter scheme of salvation,

being in harmony with the mind and will of God, who gave man his free agency, was accepted by the celestial council.

Indignant at the decision rendered, Satan immediately arrayed himself against his brethren. The great battle for the supremacy

of God's will and the free agency of man, was now to take place in heaven. The consequences of this conflict were to affect man as

FRUITS OF THE FALL. 279

well as his creator; consequently, to the multitudes of the spirit

world, Lucifer submitted his plea. Zealously, he labored with all

the powers of his soul; arguing, persuading, influencing whosoever

desired to be serfs, rather than men endowed with the inalienable right of absolute freedom to choose between good and evil. With

his mighty eloquence and great personality, he succeeded in drawing into his mesh of misery and woe onethird of the hosts of heaven.

Being greater in influence, mightier in spirit, nobler in character, and upholding principles of unparalleled beneficence, Christ, in his dignity, vanquished Satan, subjugated his devotees, and forever established the authority of God and the prerogative of man.

So great was our joy upon this occasion that "the morning stars sang together, and all the sons of God shouted for joy."Sorrow

lot of those who endeavorand misery unspeakable—the common

visitedto frustrate the righteous desires of Jehovah—were now

upon the heads of Lucifer and his votaries. Heaven would claim

them no longer. The presence of God they could not endure, and

the plan of salvation they would not receive. Therefore, banished

from heaven, cut off from the presence of Jehovah, and thrown without the pale of salvation, they fell to earth again to war against the righteousness of Omnipotence. John the Revelator

has made use of these words illustrating the fall: Rejoice, ye

heavens, and ye that dwell in them. Woe unto the inhabitants of

the earth, and of the sea; for the devil is come down unto you,

having great wrath because his time is short.

The earth having been created with all its grandeur and beauty, the night having been separated from the day, and all things prepared for the advent of man, Jehovah came down and performed the crowning act of the great work of creation. Man

was formed in the image of his Father in heaven. Eastward in

Eden was prepared a garden for his reception. Truly, the home

of our first parents was most beautiful and desirable. Fresh from

the hand of God, it stood embellished in all the magnificence of celestial art. A spot choice above all other spots, and calculated

to furnish its occupants with all the enchantment that would tend to make the soul happy and contented.

How long Adam talked to the laughing brooks and singing 280 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

birds, scripture fails to inform us; but finally God saw that it was

not good for man to be alone; so, according to his benign providence, he formed woman to be a helpmate unto man. Adam,

beholding the handiwork of his Creator, received unto himself Eve, his wife, and they in their majesty ruled the earth.

They listened to the commands of God, the first being, "Multiply and replenish the earth."The second, "Of every tree of the

garden thou mayest freely eat, but of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it, for in the day thou eatest thereof, thou shalt surely die; nevertheless, thou mayest choose

for thyself, for it is given unto thee, but remember, I forbid it."

With these divine injunctions ever fresh in their minds, Adam and

Eve wandered in the garden of Eden.

The hour of temptation soon came. Lucifer, who had so

lately been consigned to the regions of anguish and woe, again waged war against the righteousness of Jehovah. Cunningly, he

laid his plans to foil the purposes of the Almighty, and wittingly did he, with specious argument, deceive the weaker of Eden's occupants. To Eve he made his appearance, and, in phrases most

pleasing, persuaded her to eat of the fruit of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, saying: "For God doth know that in the day ye

eat thereof, then your eyes shall be opened, and ye shall be as gods, knowing good and evil."Seeing that the tree was beautiful, and

the words of Satan delightful, the woman plucked and ate of the forbidden fruit whose mortal taste brought death with all its woes into the world. Adam learning of what had been done, and remembering the two commandments of God, studied well his peculiar

position. Being honest and faithful, he desired to obey the will of

his Father, but under existing circumstances, this was impossible.

Eve, having disobeyed God, became mortal, and could no longer enjoy the pleasurable companionship of her husband. This Adam

knew, and undoubtedly he argued: how can the first and great commandment be fulfilled unless I break the second? So with a

knowledge of the attendant consequences, he chose to follow his wife, and eat. Of this disobedience Paul says, "Adam was not

deceived, but the woman being deceived was in the transgression."

Previous to the breaking of this commandment, Adam and Eve had lived in innocent immortality, but now they had fallen, bringFRUITS OF THE FALL. 281

ing upon themselves and their posterity the trials incident to this life; and, in the end, the pangs of death.

By many, it has been thought that the fall of our first parents was a great calamity—an unpurposed event. Yes, they have

denied the Father of humanity the right to stand as chief Patriarch of the race, and in their ignorance they have most bitterly denounced him who, in his wisdom, disobeyed God that the spirits of heaven might come to earth and acquire such experience as would eternally exalt them in the presence of their Father. Adam partook of the forbidden fruit that man might be, and thus bequeathed

to his progeny the glorious privilege of gaining exaltation and eternal life on the battle field of mortality.

The fall opened the eyes of our first parents, and they now discerned between good and evil. For the first time, they beheld

their own nakedness, and made garments of the leaves of the trees of Eden. Soon the voice of Jehovah was heard, and in reply the

feeble words of Adam, "Here I am,"broke upon the ear of his

Creator. Calmly, the Father spoke unto the woman saying: "I

will greatly multiply thy sorrow and thy conception, in sorrow thou shalt bring forth children, and thy desire shall be unto thy husband, and he shall rule over thee"; while unto the man he said:

"Because thou hast hearkened unto the voice of thy wife, and hast eaten of the tree of which I commanded thee saying, Thou shalt not eat of it, cursed is the ground for thy sake, in sorrow shalt thou eat of it all the days of thy life. Thorns also and thistles

shall it bring forth to thee, and thou shalt eat the herb of the field.

In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread till thou return unto the ground."

In order that Adam and Eve might not partake of the fruit of the tree of life and live forever, being as gods, knowing good and evil, they were expelled from the garden, and Cherubim with a flaming sword was stationed to guard the gate.

What a radical change our first parents must have been constrained to endure. One day living in paradise, surrounded with

all the grandeur that divine art could display, feeling no pain, sorrow, nor regret, ignorant of the frailties of mortality, and rocked in the cradle of universal peace; the next, living amidst

the hills and dales of mother earth; sheltered by the blue canopy of

282 IMPRO VEMEN T ERA.

heaven; encircled by dreary plains and barren bluffs; tasting of the

pangs incident to this probation, and sensing most keenly the follies of the flesh. Fear now invaded the field of hope, while anxiety

strolled the path of contentment. And all this was done not to

satisfy the exigencies of chance, but to fulfill the purposes of a most benign Father, that in his glory, he might be sustained and upheld by the undying loyalty of an exalted, glorified, and immortalized family.

GOD'S OMNIPRESENCE.

King David, speaking of "time,"says: "A thousand years in thy

sight are but as yesterday;"and Job asks the question: "Are thy

years as man's days?"The compliment of this idea as applied to space

is not found in so many words, but the Bible and the Book of Mormon teach that the same idea holds good. The infidel, the atheist and the

skeptic laugh at the proposition that God is in more places than one at the same instant of time, and the average Christian is content to accept it as one of the miraculous powers of the Godhead without taking the trouble to investigate the why and the wherefore, or prove it as a fact.

Do not the recent discoveries of Marconi and others along the same line provide a key to the mystery? If Marconi could at the beginning of

the year eliminate a space of one hundred and ten miles between the steamships Etruria and Umbria, and at the close of the year a space of two thousand two hundred miles across the Atlantic, what possibilities open up to the mind of man? Today, pictures are transmitted from one

end of a cable and reproduced at the other. Soon, no cable will be required. We will talk across continents, oceans, and possibly to other

planets, and see each other as if no space existed. I submit that this

power is now, and has been throughout the past eternities, with God, and in a modified form with those who have put off mortality. Space is

eliminated, and God sees us eye to eye, although his corporeal body is enthroned in his courts on high. It is no miracle, it is a law of the

kingdom, but heretofore hidden from mortal man. There are many

things our finite minds cannot understand. Let us not be impatient,

but await God's own good time, when we shall know even also as we are known. Dr. Frederic Clift, Lehi, Utah.

SOME LEADING EVENTS IN THE CURRENT

STORY OF THE WORLD.

BY DR. J. M. TANNER, SUPERINTENDENT OF CHURCH SCHOOLS.

Venezuela's New Troubles.

Early in December of last year, telegrams from Venezuela notified the world that the allied powers of Great Britain and Germany were blockading the Venezuelan ports for the purpose of coercing this South American republic into the payment of her debts. Venezuela had borrowed very heavily from Germans and

English to construct railroads in that country. During the recent

revolution of that republic, considerable property belonging to the English had been destroyed, and it is said that certain outrages had been perpetrated against the subjects of Great Britain.

For many years, these European countries have been endeavoring to collect the moneys owed their citizens by Venezuela, and the Venezuelans have met the demands by a promise to pay tomorrow. But the Venezuelan "tomorrow"is very much like the

Turkish "We'll see about it"—it never comes. The English began

to think that if the Venezuelans could afford so many luxuries, in the nature of revolutions, it could afford to pay its debts.'For a

long time, the powers had been postponing united action, because of a revolution that was going on in the South American republic.

Finally, it was perhaps considered that the interval between revolutions would not be long enough to collect their debts.

The English and Germans were quite well aware of the attitude taken by this country on the Monroe doctrine, and therefore consulted the United States, and gained the consent of this coun284 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

try to adopt measures of coercion, with the understanding that there was to be no conquest of territory whatever. The powers

agreed upon two methods of coercing Venezuela: one was to

blockade the ports and force Venezuela to pay or starve; the

other, undoubtedly more effective, was to seize the ports of that country and collect the tariff revenues until sufficient was obtained to cancel Venezuela's obligations.

Notwithstanding the consent obtained from this country, the task was a very delicate one,owing to the universal sentiment here in favor of the Monroe doctrine. It would be very easy, perhaps,

for the admirals in command of these European fleets to commit some act that would arouse opposition in this country. When the

combined fleets entered Venezuela's harbors, one of the first acts was to sink two of the republic's gunboats, two harmless vessels;

and the act seemed to many throughout the United States unnecessary and wanton. It certainly created a sympathy in favor of

Venezuela, and was likely to complicate the situation, which was relieved, however, by the German government recalling the commander in charge.

While the President and the Secretary of State were willing that the great powers might collect the debts owed them in the manner agreed upon, they, of course, could give no assurance that blunders committed in the delicate task might not arouse a warlike sentiment in this country, which the President and his cabinet would be helpless to withstand. A slight feeling of irritation was

also aroused in the United States when the English commander bombarded one of Venezuela's weak ports. The President of the

United States was quick to foresee that a feeling of hostility here might be aroused, and he, therefore, proposed to the allied powers that their controversy with Venezuela be arbitrated. To the proposition, the great powers wisely consented, and threw a pretty

bouquet to this country by proposing that President Roosevelt act as arbitrator.

There were two reasons why it is undesirable that thePresident of the United States act in that role. -The most important was the

fact that we could not be put in the attitude of a moral obligation to compel Venezuela to pay the judgment which the President might award against that country. In the second place, there is

CURRENT STORY OF THE WORLD. 285

an international court of arbitration known as the Hague Tribunal, and it would be in keeping with our efforts to adjust international disputes by an international court of arbitration, to refer it to that tribunal. President Roosevelt declined the offer, and suggested

the Hague tribunalThe powerg again graciously acquiesced in his suggestion, and it seems quite certain that no harm has been done in the end to the good relations that have existed for some time between this country and the great powers of Europe.

Some Results of the War in South Africa.

Ever since the treaty of peace between the British and the

Boers, there has been a constant irritation between the latter and the British High Commissioner Milner, and it has seemed as though the British were likely to have another Irish difficulty on their hands. The foreign secretary, Mr. Chamberlain, concluded to

investigate the situation on the spot, and is, therefore, now in

South Africa in quest of information at first hand. The Boers are

evidently desirous of harmony, and at the same time are anxious to secure all the rights of selfgovernment they can possibly obtain.

In England, the industrial population has been largely increased by the return of over one hundred thousand soldiers since the close of the war. When the necessity for implements of war

ceased, by the treaty of peace, the government closed many of its factories, and threw on to the labor market a large number of unemployed. As a result, the outlook for the working classes in

England is worse than it has been for the last ten years. Last summer, a large number of English went to South Africa, in the belief

that the country offered good inducements for labor. They were

disappointed, and many of them have returned. Many who went to

that country have become stranded in its coast cities, and are becoming a charge upon the British government.

Increased Emigration to this Country.

Owing to the labor situation in England, and to the hard times in Germany and Austria, the emigration to this country ha3 increased very heavily of late. In Germany, the people are suffering

from overproduction by the great syndicates and trusts, which 286 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

have not met the claim for them that one of their greatest virtues is the control and regulation of their productions to meet the demands of the market. It is said that in Austria there are one

hundred and forty thousand men idle in the iron trade alone.

In Finland there is a serious famine, and hunger with all its terrors has invaded the northern provinces, putting four hunrlred thousand of the two and onehalf millions of people in "The Land of the

Thousand Lakes,"as Runneberg, their famous poet, named it, on the verge of starvation. We have reason to congratulate ourselves that times are better with us; and while we do so to remember the afflicted, and the source of our blessings.

Child Labor in the South.

Notwithstanding the numerous contradictions and explanations, it seems very certain that the manufacturers in the

Southern States have adopted the barbarous practices which prevailed in the factories of this country and England, a century ago.

Little children of tender years have been employed, at trifling compensation, to work long hours in the factory. The manufacturers complained of are chiefly those from the North, who have

in late years erected cotton mills in the South, in order to save transportation, and to avail themselves of the cheap labor to be found there. Some of the legislatures of these states have recently passed laws prohibiting child labor, and regulating the

hours of work. In a recent communication from Alabama, a reform agitator writes: "I have just returned from a mill where

the employes, children and all, are worked thirteen hours a day from 5:30 in the morning to 6:30 at night, with but twenty minutes for dinner. The same mill, when it is rushed, works its hands

from three to four nights in succession, until 9:30 and sometimes

10 o'clock."

Another Triumph.

The world has just received the gratifying announcement that the transmission of wireless telegraphic messages over the Atlantic, between Nova Scotia and England, is an accomplished fact. On December 21, 1902, a date that is likely to be

memorable in the annals of history, the Governor General of

CURRENT STORY OF THE WORLD. 287

Canada sent a message to the King of Great Britain. A message

was also sent to the King of Italy, and press dispatches were conveyed with perfect accuracy. Further announcement was also

made that, within a short time, this air, or ether, line would be in operation for commercial purposes.

Telegraphy itself has always been more or less a mystery to the world; but so long as it was conveyed by wire, our theories

about a transmission from atom to atom, along the wire, helped us out of the difficulty very much. The marvels, however, of

electricity are very greatly intensified by the fact that the wire is no longer essential. The theory is that the ether, the name

given to the gaseous substances that fill the spaces between the particles of air, does the work of the wire.

Naturally, the first question that people will ask is, What is to become of the great cables that now cross the ocean beds?

Great Britain has just completed a cable between Canada and

Australia. The other day (January 2, 1903,) the Mackay Company completed a cable between San Francisco and Honolulu.

Will these and similar business enterprises fail? It seems quite

certain that messages can be sent vastly cheaper by the wirelass telegraphy than by a cable, and the first change that may come is likely to be that of a cheapening process. Then again, certain

elements of uncertainty in climatic conditions may make the cable more reliable. After all, the new invention will find new uses, and

the cable is likely to go on rendering its services as heretofore,

Marconi's fame is established, and his name will undoubtedly rank, hereafter, among inventors such as Morse and Fulton.

Thomas B. Reed.

The death of Thomas B. Reed of Maine, in Washington, at

the Arlington hotel, December 7, removes from life one of our country's most conspicuous and famous statesmen. His death

came as a surprise to the country, because his illness had been of such short duration. He was born in Portland, Maine, October 18,

1839, and came from a long line of ancestors in that city. He

was a graduate of the Bowdoin College, and became early in life a school teacher. Like many of our country's illustrious men, he

made the profession of teacher the stepping stone to the study 288 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

and practice of law. At one time Mr. Reed was AttorneyGeneral for the state of Maine, and gained a high reputation in

his profession, to which he retired when he ceased to find any further advancement or preference in political life. His position

as Speaker of the House of Representatives has generally been thought to rank next to that of President of the United States.

Mr. Reed was a candidate for the presidency when President

McKinley was nominated the first time. Of late, reports of the

Exspeaker's lucrative practice of law in the City of New York have assured his fellow countrymen that in private walks of life, as in public service, his abilities were of the first order.

Thomas Brackett Reed has been the most talented and illustrious Speaker of our House of Representatives, since that position was occupied by James G. Blaine. He was also a man of

great literary powers. His style is lucid and forceful, and he has

given us strong evidences of the foremost oratorical powers possessed in this country. He had a broad grasp of public questions,

and was familiar with all the departments of our public service.

For years, he was leader of the Republican party in Congress, and was six years Speaker of the House.

His native state kept him in Congress for twentytwo years. Mr.

Reed was particularly strong in the New England states. He was

perhaps the most incisive, and, at the same time, humorous political speaker in the country. He never inspired the same patriotic

feelings that were awakened by President McKinley,in his addresses, but he was always logical and discriminating.

As an attorney at law, he perhaps did not rank with Olney nor with Harrison, but this fact must be due to his long and continuous public services in the political branch of our government.

He was a terror to his opponents who must, however, accord to him a highminded patriotism. Many wonderful things will be

said in print about ExSpeaker Reed.

Vigorous to the Last.

The recent death of Elizabeth Cady Stanton removes one of of the nation'sthe shining lights among our illustrious women,—one

stalwart advocates of woman's rights. The day before her death,

she dictated to her secretary a vigorous appeal to the President

CURRENT STORY OF THE WORLD. 289

of the United States for the enfranchisement of thirtysix million women. President Roosevelt is reminded that, when governor of

New York, he recommended to its legislature that suffrage be granted to women. "If,"she says, "political power inheres in the

is a crying surely are people—then therepeople—and women

need for an amendment to the National Constitution, making these fundamental principles verities."

This great woman did not live to see the realization of her fondest dreams, but she saw a wonderful change brought about in the obliteration of many odious and oppressive distinctions between man and woman. Legal distinctions have been broken down,

women may attend college, and woman's suffrage has been granted in four of the western states.

She outdistanced all the boys of her class, in the academy of

Johnston, N. Y., only to learn that she could not enjoy a college

education because she was a girl. Her efforts have brought upon

her ridicule from politicians as well as ministers; and it seems

impossible, as we now look back, that such indignities could have been heaped upon herself and colleagues for their efforts to enlarge the legal and political rights of woman. Those who know

her best claim for her the highest virtues. Her writings and

speeches show a strong legal mind. Her father was a judge, and,

as he sat beside the coffin of his only son, he is said to have exclaimed to the little girl, Elizabeth, who sat on his lap, "Oh, if you were only a boy!

The women of Utah have great reason to appreciate the work of Elizabeth Cady Stanton. In motherhood, and in the home,

her ability and devotion were no less beautiful than her public

all who violently oppose the progresslifenition—"waitand effortsandweresee"—toable Her life carries with it the admoand reform of Him who holds in his hands the destiny of nations.

The world is not half converted—"the half has never been told."

TALKS TO YOUNG MEN.

IV—WHAT BOOKS TO READ.

This books can do—nor this alone; they give

New views to life, and teach us how to live;

They soothe the grieved, the stubborn they chastise,

Fools they admonish, and confirm the wise;

Their aid they yield to all; they never shun

The man of sorrow, nor the wretch undone;

Unlike the hard, the selfish, and the proud,

They fly not sullen from the suppliant crowd

Nor tell to various people various things,

But show to subjects what they show to kings.

-—Georqe Crabbe.

We desire to say a few more words to the young men of our spreading communities regarding books. There are many young men who go

wrong, or fail to make of themselves that of which they are capable, for want of proper influence. They seek pleasure in the society of other

young men, and too often form the habit of assembling on the street, around some public building, or the village store or saloon. This habit

grows upon them until they find themselves forming a character along that line. When the character is once formed, right or wrong, it is a

very difficult task to effect a reconstruction. It is natural for one to

seek pleasure, in fact, selflove, or that which gives pleasure to the individual, is the spring of all his actions. So that the source of pleasure

is al vays a matter of choice, on the part of its seeker. The friends and

congenial companions with whom you may intermingle are not limited to the boys and men of your own neighborhood; by merely opening the

bookcase door, you may enter into the real living and enjoyable company of the men whose minds and souls have made them live forever among men. Their works have made them immortal. Think of it! By

merely opening an average library you may enter into the closest contact with the minds and hearts of such worthies as Charles Dickens,

Sir Walter Scott, Longfellow, Tennyson, Shakespeare, Bryant, Holmes,

Whittier, Irving, Smiles, Hume, Gibbon, Bunyan, Peter, Paul, John the

Beloved, and the prophets of olden time.

There are one or two advantages which these friends possess over those of the street or shop; the one you wish to enjoy comes to you at

TALKS TO YOUNG MEN. 291

your will, and alone, if you choose. In the other case, you have to take

the crowd as a whole, good, bad and indifferent. You certainly have

your social preferences, but if you assert them too emphatically, you offend some blustering fellow, and trouble brews. With these other

gentlemen, modest, willing and allert to serve, you need have no fear of offending. You can even shut them up without offense. This you

cannot often do with the crowd.

It is this fact that we wish to make clear: Man strives for pleasure

among his kind. His destiny depends upon the nature of his surroundings, and the use he puts them to. It behooves him, then, to seek good

company, and have always about him an uplifting influence. We do not

say that among the silent series on the shelf there may not be some who are of the bad and degrading sort. Alas! it is too true. The police

court and sexton can best attest this sad truth from the perverted youths and early graves which bad literature produces in this age of books.

As an example of the power of a book, the writer recalls an occurrence of a shocking character, which was chronicled through the press, not many years since. A young man was grieving over the death of a

devoted wife. One of Col. Ingersoll's lectures, which ridiculed and

denied the belief in a hereafter, fell into the young man's hands. He

read it, and to his grief was added despair. Hope and faith were uprooted from his heart, and the love of life, being thus destroyed, his

lifeless body was found upon the newly formed mound of his wife's grave, the victim of bad literature, an offering upon the altar of error.

It is imperative that the young learn to discriminate among books.

Here is a good test of a book. Does it have a tendency to stimulate and awaken good and noble feelings? Does it open up to you

realms of pure thought? Does it dwarf, and drive from the soul selfishness, and constantly appeal to the higher and nobler thought that is

within you? In short, does it promote within you a "love of love, and a

hate of hate?"Then it is a good book. Anything very far short of

this is not worth reading.

To those not initiated, books are mute and silent heaps, but one who has taken the pains to form the acquaintance of books, he finds them living, breathing things. Take them down from the shelf, open them and

listen. The vital spark of the author's intellect glows through every

page. The personal influence of the'man is felt. He becomes your

friend, and always afterwards pleads with you, and draws you up to him.

This thought gave birth to the expression, among the Italians,

Our making of books is all in vain, if books in turn do nothing to make man. 292 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

When the writer was a boy of sixteen years, he received as a gift from the Sunday school, of a fifty cent copy of Smiles'"Self Help."He

read it, and learned to regard Samuel Smiles among the best friends he knew. He has felt ever since that the book was worth its weight in gold

to him, and said many times that if he should ever amount to anything in life, "Self Help"would come in for merit, second only to good parentage and gospel influence.

The young bookreader must learn to discriminate. "Do with a

book as a bee does with the flower,"says Smiles. If this discrimination

is made with books, as it must be with other associates, one derives the real benefits books are designed to afford.

One should always be under the influence of some good book.

He is happy indeed whose mind is constantly refreshed by the living presence of new and pure thoughts. What has been said regarding

the influence, proper use, and benefits of books, may apply more particularly to those who have many books. We wish to speak with the

kindest and most encouraging interest to those who have few books.

To the young man whose library consists of a halfdozen volumes, the relics of a father, or grandfather: you have more books than some of

the really great men of the past had. Lincoln was a man of few books.

Frederick Warde once said that Shakespeare had but three books,

Plutarch's Lives, Hollinghead's Chances, and the Bible. Of course, to

him the book of nature was constantly before his penetrating eye. To

him there were, "tongues in trees, sermons in stones, books in running brooks, and good in everything,"but his bound volumes were very few, but he was master of them.

"The man of one book is to be feared more than the one of many."

It is because he knows that one book well, while the other has completely mastered none, but has a smattering knowledge of them all. So

that, Shakespeare and Lincoln stand as a strong resentment to youth who complain at not having enough books to read.

Don't overdo novel reading. Start out with Scott, Dickens, Lytton,

or some other standard author, and you'll never descend to trashy novels.

Novel reading is a vice with some. They become allabsorbing sponges,

and drink in everything; then to get rid of the absorbtion, they press it

out of the mind by trying to forget it, because it is not worth remembering. This process weakens the intellect and trains the mind to the

sad habit of unretentiveness.

Things that are not worth remembering all one's life are not worth reading for one hour. They only play upon the emotions, and excite for

a time feelings to no good end.

TALKS TO YOUNG MEN. 293

A few books which some young men would be greatly benefited by reading: The life of Franklin is one of the best that young Americans

can read. Samuel Smiles'books, "Character,""Thrift,""Industry,"and

"Self Help"should be read by every young man in the land They have been translated into about fifteen different languages. (The boys and

girls of Japan and China have been reading them for nearly twenty years). Some good books on natural history, something that will teach

them to observe the lessons of nature; something that will awaken in

them a tender admiration of the smallest of God's creatures; they

should also read Audubon, Thoreau, and Daniel Boone who are good along this line, also Seton's delightful studies in 'wild life. iEsop's Fables is a

book that lives, too. Then, as the mind matures, our own poets, from

Irving down to Longfellow, should be taken up.

In English literature Bacon, Moore.Shakespeare, then down to Milton

and Tennyson. Then there is French, Italian, and the German literature.

Every wellread person must have read Dante, and of Goethe it was said by Carlyle, it was worth the learning of the German tongue merely to read him in the original. But among the orbs that glitter, shedding

their soft and gentle rays with greater or less glory, there is one that shines forth as the "eye of heaven,"the Holy Scriptures. This is

The lamp, from off the everlasting throne,

Mercy took down, and in the night of time

Stood casting on the dark her gracious brow,

And evermore beseeching men with tears

And earnest sighs, to hear, believe, and live.

—Pollock.

No man can be said to have a finished education, or even be well read, without being acquainted with the Bible.

The graceful lines of Shakespeare betray, at nearly every point, the gentle light of the Holy Scriptures. The strongest sayings of Lincoln

were nearly always based upon Bible principle. If you doubt the universal use of the Scriptures, by the literary men of all times, read from

Genesis to Revelations, and your doubts will be dispelled forever. The

sublimest epics from Dante and Milton are woven almost entirely from that wonderful fabric of the inspired writings. The Bible stands out as

the miracle of all time. When good old John Bright read the 51st

Psalm, so full of penitence and patient hope, pleading for pardon, and seeking solace in the comforting folds of divine love, he was led to say, it was a miracle great enough to convince him of the inspiration of the

Bible. Reader, just turn to that psalm and, after carefully reading it,

allow your thoughts to be transferred to the age in which it was written 294 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

founded. The history of Romulus and—the days when Rome was

Remus is a fable now observed in the misty, uncertain past, while the

Psalm is as fresh and potent to touch the heart today, as when it poured from the poetic soul of the sweet Psalmist of Israel.

President Theodore Roosevelt, in an effort to estimate what our loss to civic and social life would be, if the Bible, and the memory of its teachings, were entirely blotted out, says that we would "lose almost all the standards by which we now judge both public and private morals; all

the standards toward which we, with more or less resolution, strive to raise ourselves."He then continues:

Almost every man who has, by his life work, added to the sum of human achievement of which the race is proud, of which our people are proud, almost every such man has based his lifework largely upon the teachings of the Bible.

Sometimes it has been done unconsciously, more often consciously, and among the very greatest men a disproportionately large number have been diligent and close students of the Bible at first hand.

Lincoln—sad, patient, kindly Lincoln, who after bearing upon his weary

shoulders for four years a greater burden than that borne by any other man of the nineteenth century, laid down his life for the people whom, living, he had served so well—built up his entire reading upon his early study of the Bible.

He had mastered it absolutely; mastered it as, later, he mastered only one or

two other books, notably, Shakespeare; mastered it so that he became almost

"a man of one book, "who knew that book, and who instinctively put into practice what he had been taught therein; and he left his life as part of the crowning

work of the century that has just closed.

You may look through the Bible, from cover to cover, and nowhere will you find a line that can be constructed into an apology for the man of brains who sins against the light.

On the contrary, in the Bible, taking that as a guide, you will find that because much has been given to you, much will be expected of you, and a heavier condemnation is to be visited upon the able man who goes wrong than upon his weaker brother who can not do the harm that the other does, because it is not in him to do it.

Only one more suggestion, and that is that you read the Life of

Christ, and never cease reading it. If you haven't a Farrar, Giekie,

or Watson, go to the source they went to, and read for yourself the simple fisherman's story which has charmed and won the hearts of men of both high and low degree for nearly twenty centuries. Concluding, let us quote the pious admonitions of the Church of England

homilies, written about three centuries ago:

There is nothing that so much strengtheneth our faith and trust in God, that so much keepeth up innocency and pureness of heart, and also of outward godly life and conversation, as constant reading and recording of God's word.

For that thing which is deeply printed and graven in the heart, at length turneth almost into nature.

FUNERAL RITES OF JAPAN, TWO PARTS—PART ONE.

BY ALMA 0. TAYLOR, OF THEJAPANESE MISSION.

Many of the prominent cities in western America have from fifty, or a hundred, to a few thousand Chinese inhabitants, and it is not uncommon to see their funeral processions pass along the streets, but which, because of the substitution of occidental methods, are robbed of their native significance and pompous oriental display. There is, however, sufficient oddity about them to attract

the attention of adults, and, circuslike, draw after them the small boys, who seem as much amused as when the clowns and elephants are in town.

With slight changes and various modifications, the funeral rites, like nearly everything else in Japan, have been adopted from

China. This is quite natural, for burial ceremony is closely allied

to religious worship, and, with the advent of Confucianism and

Buddhism into this land, came the foreign system of caring for and disposing of the dead.

Inhumation, as far as history records, has been practiced from the earliest period, but there are certain traditions that say the dead were simply taken to uninhabited parts, and there left upon the ground to be dissolved by the elements. This, though discredited in the beginning, was actually introduced and practiced

extensively under Buddhist direction in the eighth century A. D.

Anciently, temporary mourninghouses were erected over the graves of the deceased. Here the bodies lay, ofttimes for more

than a year before they were finally interred in the ground. After

the simple grave came the tumulus, which, in the early part of the

Christian Era, grew to massive proportions. At first, it was sim296 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ply a mound of earth used to cover up the wooden coffin, which had been placed in a shallow grave, but in the last years B. C, the

substitution of stone for wood, in the manufacture of burial cases, was introduced by the emperor, and the building of sarcophaga commenced, which continued for some centuries, and reached such a high degree of splendor that whole fortunes were spent in the erection of a single tumulus.

At this early period, also, the practice of human sacrifice was observed, so that the departing spirits of the dead could have companions in their flight. This inhuman ceremony was thus performed: Around the outside of the tumulus, in the form of a circle, human beings, generally servants of the deceased, were encased up to their necks in masonry, and left in this position till

death relieved them. During the year 1 B. C, a certain nobleman

died, and the "human hedge"around his mausoleum was so thick that the agonizing groans and shrieks of the dying victims were heard by the emperor, who, moved not alone with sympathy, but with horror, immediately called a council in which it was decided that images carved from stone should thereafter replace the human sacrifices. But there was a patriotic sentiment in the hearts

of the Japanese for their superiors, and in a later period- -during death of the master was thethe flowery days of feudalism—the

signal for all the servants to take their departure with him; and,

voluntarily with their own swords, they spilled their bowels on the ground, proving by such acts their love for their master, and utter lack of fear for death. It required the most rigid laws to

overcome this practice. Often men, in open rebellion to imperial

decree that no more selfslaughter should be enacted, manifested their preference for the old custom by falling on their swords.

Another destructive feature that arose after the suppression of this evil, was the placing of costly articles in the coffin with the corpse. This, together with the desire of the people to follow the

example set at the funerals of the court, led to the introduction of such pomp and show that, in many cases, death in a family meant the reduction of the family to poverty. Seeing the banefulness

of such extravagance, a rising emperor decreed that every man, be he prince or peasant, should celebrate the osequies of his dead in a manner proportionate to his rank and means. In consequence of

FUNERAL RITES OF JAPAN. 297

such edict, ruin ceased to follow upon the steps of death, and the whole burial system became more simple. It, however, required

modification to be made, time and time again, to prevent return to the old excessive outlay.

The funeral rites were greatly changed during the seventh and eighth centuries. It was at this time that Buddhism began to

exert itself, and, by a series of shrewd moves, not only captured the nobility, but soon won the hearts and contributions of the plebeians. Among the many new doctrines taught by this sect, was

the utter disregard for the body, which came to be looked upon with little more reverence than a piece of clay earth. Accordingly, three Buddhist notions of burial were introduced—cremation,

throwing the body into water, and "burying in the wilds."

The first body to be cremated was that of a Buddhist priest, in the year 701; but ere a hundred years had passed, this means

of disposing of the mortal remains had become exceedingly popular among the upper classes. Two emperors of the ninth century,

who had become overzealous in their determination to show their contempt for human flesh, ordered that their bodies should not only be burned, but their ashes should be thrown upon, and scattered by, the wind. This reminds me of the story of Alaric who

led his victorious forces from among the barbarous tribes, on the north, and spread bis conquests far into Italy. After sacking

Rome, he died in the valley of the Po, but his grave was never found. Historians claim that his body was burned, and so that no

one should ever find his tomb or know where the great conqueror fell, the waters of the river were turned out of their course by the army; Alaric's ashes were placed in the river bed; the waters were

turned back again, and have, since then, flowed through the same channel for more than fourteen hundred years.

Cremation was in direct conflict with the old Shinto mode of inhumation, and, although at first it was accepted by the people, yet, when the novelty of the new custom wore away, a desire to return to the old and less barbarous method entered the hearts of many. Religious sanction, however, prevented the rapid growth

of this sentiment, and it was not till 1644 that the enemies of cremation were strong enough to demand an edict in their favor. The

edict officer, who directed the construction of imperial crematoria, 298 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

was made a personage of considerable dignity. (In 1873, cremation was entirely abolished by the government, but in 1875, the

confused notions that brought about such prohibition, were discovered to be detrimental to the public health, and on account of sanitary measures, the law was repealed.)

While cremation was gaining strength, the other Buddhistic forms of burial were also making slight advances. Clothed in an

ordinary kimono, and with a large stone or other weight attached to the feet, many of the dead were cast into the sea and rivers.

This practice evidently had only a short duration, for, in Japan, there are now no traces of it. All those who find watery graves

disaster, accident ordo so on the upto-date American plan—by

suicide.

The terrible deaths by torture, which were enacted during what is called in history, "The period of the Spanish Inquisition,"under the sanction of the dominant church in Europe, find not a similarity, but an equally appalling terror, in the results of the

Buddhist burial system called "Burying in the Wilds,"which sprung up contemporaneously with cremation. By this system, the

dead were taken without the cities and villages to secluded parts, and left, often without clothing, lying upon the ground to be devoured by birds and beasts, or to decay like the animals that die upon the range. Such disrespect for the bodies of the dead resulted in disrespect for the sick and dying; consequently in a few

years, persons attacked with sickness, for lack of proper nursjng in the beginning, generally grew worse; then, when it was thought

they could not recover, they were taken to the bone hills, and left wrapped in a quilt, to die, and make their own graves among the

Weakened skulls and decaying carcasses of those who perhaps had shared like desertion years before. In 809 A. D., a fierce epidemic

broke out in Kyoto, the then capital city of Japan, and the people died by thousands. The above method being a very handy one

indeed, less burdensome than the collection of garbage—one,

the dead were piled up in heaps along the country roadsides. The

stench and disease germs arising from the decomposing bodies filled the air, and were carried back to add to the distress of the polluted district. The former sad conditions and heartrending

scenes, occasioned by this practice, had failed to call forth from

FUNERAL RITES OF JAPAN. 299

the rulers the slightest condemnation of its barbaric features. This

event, terrible as it was, seemed necessary to bring about the needed reform. An imperial edict was sent forth decreeing that

"buryicg in the wilds"should cease, and officers were placed over every district throughout the land, to see that the sick and dying were properly cared for.

Just prior to the Buddhist invasion, the old desire to have wooden coffins was awakened by the actions of a ruler who planted a certain kind of tree, the wood from which was to be used especially for their manufacture. He was afterwards buried in a wooden

case. These receptacles were at first beautifully lacquered, but as

the workmanship continued to grow finer, and the ornaments became more and more numerous, the lacquer was done away with.

It is not often that governmental enactments regulate the size of burial cases—this nowadays depends upon the proportions of the

deceased—but at that time, a coffin must be six feet long, two

feet high, and four feet wide, and the inside lined with pillows of vermillion and charcoal, to keep the corpse in position, and to prevent rapid putrefaction. The restoration of the wooden case did

not do away with the sarcophaqa. Manv of those which contain

both coffin and corpse still stand, bearing the marks of antiquity.

The manner of conveying the corpse to the tomb has been on the decline. Formerly the coffin was placed in what would

be called in modern parlance a funeral car drawn by animals; oxen

being usually employed for this purpose. These cars were elaborately ornamented, and draped with costly tapestries. In the year

823, at the death of the emperor, the royal family conceived that it would be showing greater honor to the imperial head, if the funeral car were drawn by men. From this time on, the use of

animals became unfashionable; and, finally, the bier replaced the

car, and was carried on the shoulders of coolies. With bamboo

staff in hand, and the sharp edges of the bier resting on the opposite shoulder, these pallbearers are now seen daily conveying t:e

dead through the streets. Having become hardened to such work,

these men, without particular exertion, walk for more than a mile before taking a rest, or changing the burden from one shoulder to the other.

Special places for burial were not set apart before 695 A. D.

300 IMPR VEMENT ERA.

The hill sides were the favorite sites, during the tumulus building period. Later, the low or high level plaies were considered more

suitable, while in the time of the "moya,"("moya"is pronounced moya; o as in old; a as in all) or mourning houses, the grave was not

infrequently made on the spot where death took place. Today, the

old cemeteries are found in the centre of large cities, in the parks, through the rice fields, on the hill tops, and in the ravines, and a few single mounds are occasionally seen by the traveler.

In the eighth century, the emperor, desiring to do honor to a faithful soldier, caused a headstone to be erected upon his grave.

From this, monuments and grave stones became customary. Tablets containing passages from Buddhist scripture, written in Sanskrit, were also erected, with the thought that they would be

efficacious in expediting the passage of the spirit to its destination. The tombstones of today are not unlike the early ones. The

front bears the name and age of the deceased; on the back is inscribed the parents'names and scriptural selections.

For ten hundred years Shinto struggled in vain against the superior strength of the western religion. But as the civilization

of the Occident began to penetrate the East, the Japanese began to search the history of their own land, which resulted in the desire of the best educated to return to the worship of their fathers.

The efforts of these men were rewarded, in 1871, when Buddhism was disestablished as the religion of the realm, and Shinto priests were admitted into the court of the present emperor. Therefore,

during the last thirtyone years, the imperial funeral rites have been according to Shinto customs. Among the lower classes, however, Buddhism still holds almost complete sway; consequently, in

Japan there are at the present time two distinct burial ceremonies.

Before the revival of Shintoism, even the funerals of the Shinto priests were in the hands of the Buddhist hierachy. In order to

give an idea of the character of the funeral rites belonging to each sect, it will be necessary to describe the scenes accompanying the demise of persons of some prominence. The rites are

greatly augmented on occasions of imperial funerals, and very meager at the obsequies of the poor.

Buddhist iftfes;—Buddhist funerals are directed sometimes

by priests alone, other times by secular organizations, the church

FUNERAL RITES OF JAPAN. 301

officiating in the religious ceremony only. The householders of

every town form a cooperation known as kogumi (pronounced kogu-mi; o long as in owe; u as in bugle; i as e in eat) for the

purpose of mutual help. When a person dies, the fact is notified

to the priest of the district temple. On receipt of tidings, he,

accompanied by one or two acolytes, repairs to the bereaved house, and completes the necessary arrangements for the religious services. The kogumi is also immediately informed. An officer and

other witnesses are then sent to examine and report upon the condition of the body. While Christianity was struggling to get a

foothold here, the natives suspected that many of the deaths were caused by some violent influence, wielded by the foreign missionaries, and every corpse was observed with the closest scrutiny, to see if there were present any marks of detested religion. The

results of these suspicious investigations were always reported to the mayor. The kogumi takes upon itself the responsibility of

making arrangements for the funeral, thus relieving the bereaved of all care and anxiety. The first move is to call in the undertaker who takes the measurement of the corpse, receives the order

for the flowers, is instructed concerning the grave, and the special kind of coffin that will be required. He has nothing whatever to

do with caring for the remains. This work is all done by the relatives, or by servants whom they may choose to do it. A few

hours, generally twentyfour after death, the body is divested of its clothing, washed with warm water, and wrapped in a white linen cloth. The body is always laid with its head to the north,

in which position it is lei t till the arrival of the coffin. The Buddhist burial receptacle is generally small and square, made of white

wood, and finished without the slightest stain. Occasionally, the

inside is lined with bags of vermilion, (among the poor, pillows of tea are substituted) but as a general rule, nothing at all is done for the preservation of the body. When introduced into the coffin,

the corpse is placed in a sitting posture with the head bent to the knees; this position being derived, some say, from the habit of devotees who sit wrapped in religious meditation, while others discover it to be a symbolical representation. The remains having

been properly fitted into place, a white linen cloth is spread over the top, and the lid securely fastened. Such doubling up of the

302 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

body requires that rigor mortis must either have passed off or be broken up before it can be placed in the squatting position. While talking with a certain doctor, who resides

in Yokohama, regarding the advanced methods employed in

America for the preservation of the dead, I referred to the hardening effects of formaldehyde fluids so commonly used in America.

He was astonished that we Yankees should be using materials to make the bodies rigid, a thing that all Buddhists dislike to see, but when I compared the natural and lifelike appearance of our dead with the relaxed features of a body that is allowed to lie without attention till the eyes open, the jaw falls, and the limbs become like rags, he readily observed that even a stonelike corpse would be more pleasant to look at, and less liable to cause disease, than those uncared for ones that emit terrible odors, and are so limp that they are, as the Japanese themselves confess, not only disagreeable to handle, but repulsive to the eye. The custom of

viewing the remains is, however, not practiced among the Japanese; the reason being apparent—they are not those things of

beauty which are a joy forever.

The old superstition about lucky and unlucky funeral days still exists among certain classes, and before deciding upon the day for the obsequies, geomancers are often consulted.

Around the casket, which is placed in the best room in the house, the relatives, friends, and priests sit. At the head of the

coffin stands a table containing plants, foods, and a metal or earthen dish in which the priests and all the relatives of the deceased burn incense. The sermon is simply a short reading from Buddhist scrip'ure, after which all present pass by the coffin, pausing

long enough to make a low bow. This completes the ceremony at

the house. The procession is then formed.

Fir -it come the attendants, walking in double file and carrying the floral offerings of friends. Following these come other

attendants, carrying lanterns and flags. It seems that many of

the ancient funerals were held at night, and the lanterns were originally used to illuminate the course of the procession, but today they are simply relics of past usefulness. Some flags contain

re igious inscriptions, and, in clever, sentimental terms, the virtues of the deceased are inscribed on others. The bier sustaining the

FUNERAL RITES OF JAPAN. 303

coffin is carried on the shoulders of six or eight coolies, and comes in line after the flagbearers. The bier is peculiar in shape. It

looks much like a good sized dogkennel set upon two planks, six or eight inches wide, two inches thick and ten or twelve feet long.

The planks are fastened to the bottom on either side of the houselike structure that rides above, and serve as the part which rests upon the shoulders of the pallbearers. The roof instead of coming to a gable poi.it, is rounded off into a convex shape, and projects about a foot beyond the front and rear walls. The eaves

project over the sides much like those seen on the ancient temples, and small shrines, erected in all parts of the land. Four supports

bear up the roof, and curtains of white linen or silk, hanging loosely on all sides, serve to hide the coffin, which, when taken from the house, is placed in the bier for transportation to the grave or crematory. According to a custom that existed only a

century ago, but which is now entirely lost, a person known as the "chief mourner"followed directly after the corpse. This personage, judging from what is written, was the most interesting character in the entire ceremony. He was not a relative or friend

but a professional mourner, hired to manifest the intense grief felt by those bereft of their loved ones. This he did by dressing in

hempen garments, wearing straw sandals, covered with white hempen cloth, and carrying a bamboo staff upon which he leaned, and by which he laboriously moved along, as though so sorrowstricken and brokenhearted that, without support, it would be impossible for him to stand. Next comes an attendant carrying a

parchment, or stick, containing a new name that had, immediately after death, been applied to deceased by the chief pJest. Four or

five priests, each having an attendant, come next, and then the in carriages drawn by horses, othersrelatives and friends—some

in rikishas, the human vehicles of the Orient. Last of all come

the servants who bring cakes and dumplings to give to the bystanders.

Although many of the Buddhists are buried in the ground, yet cremation is the true Buddhistic method of disposing of the body.

Upon arriving at the crematory, the remains are given into the charge of the crematory officials who issue a receipt for the body.

The funeral cortege disbands, and the relatives and friends return 304 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

home. The coffin containing the body is put into a furnace of

lighted wood. The burning lasts for two or three hours, sufficient

time to thoroughly consume the corpse. Except a few small splinters of bone and teeth, the ashes are the only thing that remains.

The cinerary, weighing about four pounds, is placed in an urn, sealed securely, and the name of the deceased engraved on the top. The

following day, the relatives, accompanied by a priest and his acolytes, go to the crematory, and, upon presentation of the receipt issued the day previous, receive the urn containing the ashes of their dear one. They repair to the cemetery where, after a short

reading from the sacred scriptures, dust is returned to dust. Only

when the body has been cremated is intramural burial permitted.

The charges for cremation are: first class, $5 to $7; second class,

$2 to $2.50; third class, $1.20 and $1.50. A good priest, of whom

inquiry was once made on this point, said, "Poor folks often come begging to be let off more cheaply, but in these hard times, it is impossible to reduce the charge a single cent."

(Concluded in next number.)

DO IT NOW.

Under every clock in a factory at Cleveland, Ohio, is the motto, "Do it now!"Such a motto, lived up to by everyone would

add thousands of good deeds to dail\ happenings, save many firms from bankruptcy, paint hundreds of pictures only dreamed of, and straighten our, half the tangles of our complicated social life. The

habit of putting off disagreeable duties is responsible for much needless unhappiness, for these bugbears weigh on the mind and prevent the satisfied content that comes from duty well performed.

Mos'tasks promptly undertaken prove less difficult than we anticipated, and the joy of accomplishment often compensates for any hardship experienced. Don't get to be known for unfulfilled

good intentions. Good intentions carried out become the good

deeds that make men useful, loved, and famous. Doing things,

rather than just i-lanning them, makes all the difference between success and failure.-- Success.

EDITOR'S TABLE.

WHERE YOUR TREASURE IS, THERE WILL YOUR HEART

BE ALSO."

Regardless of what has often been said by the authorities of the Church on the subject of secret societies, letters are constantly being received by the Improvement Era desiring answers on various phases of this question. How strict shall we be with

youDg men who have joined? Is there any harm in joining a secret

society purely for financial reasons? Is it wrong to join a secret

society whose aims are onlv fraternal and charitable? What shall

be done with persons belonging to the Church who are now members of a secret society? Why is it wrong to join protective

societies when none such exist in the Church? Is it wrong to

join a protective society with a view only of protecting one's family?

It is a well known truth that the counsel of the First Presidency of the Church, in all cases, has been and is against our brethren joining secret organizations for any purpose whatsoever, and that wherever any of them havi already joined, they have been and are counseled to withdraw themselves from such organizations, as soon as circumstances permit and wisdom dictates. In

taking this position, there has not been, neither is it intended that there shall be, any controversy with the societies, and with their aims and objects. The merits of the various orders are not

considered at all; their aims may be ever so worthy and their objects ever so commendable. That matter does not enter into the

discussion, so far as a member of our Church is concerned.

The gospel of Jesus Christ is true, and is a power unto salvation, temporal and spiritual. A man who complies in every respect

306 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

therewith has everthing that any society can offer, with countless truths and consolations added: "But seek ye first the kingdom of

God, and 'his righteousness; and all these things shall be added

unto you."The Church is divinely organized, and in that organization there is provision for the development and practice of

every virtue known, every charity revealed. For this reason and for

its promises of eternal life and glory, the gospel, and the Church divinely established for its promulgation, should be nearer and dearer to a follower of Christ than all other things. "No man

can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love

the other; or else he will hold to the one and despise the other.

Ye cannot serve God and Mammon."

It is true that many of our people have been led to join these various societies on the ground that their aims and objects are purely charitable and social in their character; and, besides, inducements are held out procuring life insurance at greatly reduced

there rates. Now, however worthy their aims and objects—and

are outside the pale of the is no controversy on this point—they

Church, and, by joining them, young men divide with manmade organizations their allegiance to the Church, which, for the love of Christ and the glorious and eternal promises of his gospel, demands their all. In joining other societies than the Church, young

men render themselves liable to have their feelings, in whole or in part, alienated from the Church, for where theii/ treasures are social, fraternal, charitable, financial—there also will their hearts

be found. Gradually, too, at first imperceptibly, perhaps, the

society will exert an influence that will have a tendency to withdraw the man from the Church, on the principle that every organization, like every creature with life, looks to its selfpreser- vation first. "He that is not with me is against me: and he that

gathereth not with me scattereth."

Then come the plausible financial excuses in the way of insurance, and we have young men pleading for themselves or their families at for the future. That is a natural death—providing

feeling, but if it cannot be satisfied without the risk of our losing the spirit of the gospel, of what benefit is it? "For what is a

man profited, if he shall gain the whole world and lose his own soul?"EDITORS TABLE. 307

Ambition to be rich, says Paul, drowns men's souls. We have

many examples in the Church of brethren who have made shipwreck of their faith because of their inordinate desire to gather wealth—to provide for their children and families. In some cases

they gained the wealth; in others, they died poor; bat, in either

event, they lost the faith, and often their children, whom they provided or sought to provide for, have squandered their inheritance, or are without hope in Christ Jesus, death finding them bankrupt for eternity. They accentuate the present and temporal,

forgetting the kingdom of God and their inheritance therein, which are the great essentials. On the contra y,there are hundreds

of the Saints who have died poor in this world's goods, but with a faith surpassing understanding. Their children have struggled

with the world, buoyed up by the rich treasures of hope and faith; and their very struggles have made them strong. They

seek first that which is essential, the Spirit of God and his kingdom, and God makes all the food, clothing, incidentals.—possessions,

gracious care. Of them it shall be said: "Their reward is sure:—his

they stand prepared to take upon themselves the responsibilities connected with the ordinances of the house of the Lord. Every

man who understands the gospel must know that the Church, along the line of its labors of salvation and redemption, cannot ally itself with any institutions that are begotten by and conducted in the spirit of the world; but it must hold itself free from them,

of whatever name or nature. Since the Church is made up of

members, and since any organization can only be what its aggregate individual membership is, the members must also be free.

Those of the brethren who are still in doubt as to the evils of secret associations, will find abundant proof in the history of the

Church, as written in the Book of Mormon, to be traced from references in II Nephi 10: 15. (References page 85.)

In conclusion, the members of our Church who have faith to heed the advice of the authorities thereof, will not ally themselves, under any pretense, with any organization not instituted by the

Lord for the building up of Zion. Neither will they, for any consideration, allow themselves to imbibe the spirit of the world, or be

tempted to lose their faith, which will be the result with those who divide their interests, devoting some to other organizations.

308 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

This is the testimony of those who have joined and who have later withdrawn. Nothing can be permitted in the members that

is calculated to bring division and weakness to the Church, yet those who have been led to join other institutions should not be dealt with harshly, but should be made to understand the position of the Church, and where it is so understood, they should shape their affairs for withdrawal, in humility and repentance, from that which threatens their standing. Joseph F. Smith.

ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS.

Joining Secret Societies.

I would like to have an answer to the question: Is there anything

wrong in members of the Church joining secret societies? A number of

our young men are joining, because they say it protects their families.

This question has often been answered in the affirmative, and with good reasons. The reader is referred to an editorial in

this issue of the Era, and also Era vol. 6, page 149, fi om which

it is learned: "No members of the Church should be led away by

men who under any pretext seek to induce them to become members of any organization, secret, social, or otherwise, outside the control of the Church."On the eighth of last August, in reply to

an inquiry from Organizer W. S. Montgomery, of the Fraternal

Brotherhood, President Joseph F. Smith said that "the policy of

the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is and always has been against its members allying themselves with any of the secret or fraternal orders."

Raffling and Gambling.

Is it proper to raffle property for the benefit of missionaries?

No; raffling is a game of chance, and hence leads to gambling; for that reason, if for no other, it should not be encouraged

among the young men of the Church. President Young declared

raffling to be a modified name of gambling; said that "as Latterday Saints we cannot afford to sacrifice moral principles to financial gain,"and advised the sisters through the Woman's Exponent

EDITOR'S TABLE. 309

not to raffle. President Lorenzo Snow endorsed and approved of

these sentiments; President Joseph F.Smith has also'expressed

his unqualified disapproval of raffling; the General Sunday School

Board have declared against it; and finally the state law makes it

unlawful to raffle with dice; and if it is unlawful with dice, in

principle, is it not just as injurious with any other device? With

all these objections, should it not be clear to anyone that raffling horses, quilts, bicycles and other property is not sanctioned by the moral law nor approved by the general Church authorities. But it

continues just the same, and if you do not believe in it, you should refuse to patronize it, so helping the cause. Now, how shall we

aid the missionary who wishes to sell a horse, or what not? Let

everybody give a dollar, and let the donors decide, by vote, to what worthy man, not of their number, the horse shall be given.

is pure decision, and it helps the peopleNo chance about that—it

who wish to buy chances solely for the benefit of the missionary, to discourage the gambling propensities of their natures. However, here is an additional thought: The element of chance enters

very largely into everything we undertake,and it should be remembered that the spirit in which we do things decides very largely whether we are gambling or are entering into legitimate business enterprises.

The Gospel Embraces Both Plan and Power.

What is the Gospel?

In a general way, the gospel is the plan of salvation promulgated by Jesus Christ for the redemption of mankind. It is also

"the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth."

(Rom. 1: 16.) The plan may be called the law,—the commandSpirit of God. Salvation is obtainedments of God; the power,—the

by combining in one's life and practice the plan and the power the word and the spirit.

Choosing a Patriarch.

In case he who should hold the office of General Patriarch in the

Church is not worthy, who has the authority to choose another?

The Lord, through the President of the Church, would reveal the name in such a case, and then the name of the person so nomi310 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

nated would be presented to the Church for reception and approval.

"And, again, the duty of the President of the office of the High

Priesthood is to preside over the whole Church, and to be like unto Moses. Behold, here is wisdom; yea, to be a seer, a revelator, a translator, and a prophet, hiving all the gifts of God which

he bestows upon the Church."(Doc. & Cov. section 107: 91, 92.)

"No person is to be ordained to any office in this Church, where there is a regularly organized branch of the same, without the vote of that Church."(Ibid, section 20: 65.)

"And all things shall be done by common consent in the

Church, by much prayer and faith."(Ibid, section 26: 2.)

Authority of John the Baptist.

Where did John the Baptist get his authority to baptize?

"The word of the Lord came unto John the son of Zecharias in the wilderness."(Luke 3: 2.)

"Behold, I [God] send my messenger before thy face, which shall prepare thy way before thee,"(Mark 1: 2.)

"This is he, of whom it is written, Behold, I send my messenger before thy face, which shall prepare thy way before thee."

(Luke 7: 27. Jesus speaking of John.)

"For he [Joha] was baptized while he was yet in his childhood, and was ordained by the angel of God at the time he was eight days old unto this power, to overthrow the kingdom of the

Jews, and to make straight the way of the Lord before the face of his people, to prepare them for the coming of the Lord."(Doc. &

Cov. section 84: 28.)

"John [at the time of Christ] was the only legal administrator holding the keys of power there was on earth. The keys of the

kingdom, the power, the glory, had departed from the Jews; and

John, the son of Zechariah, by the anointing and decree of heaven, held the keys of power at that time."(Compendium, Gems, page

277.) New Dispensation of the Gospel.

In order to bring about a new dispensation, is it necessary for the gospel to be taken from the earth? If so, at what time between Adam

and Noah was it taken away?

EDITOR'S TABLE. 311

In order that a new dispensation may be rendered necessary, it is not essential that all the priesthood and authority of the old dispensation be taken from the earth. Each dispensation is characterized by its own peculiar powers and labors; and a new one

is sometimes rendered necessary when the old one has long since accomplished its work, and new labors are called for. This may be

the case, even if some of the authority and principles of the old dispensation still remain on earth. For example, the priesthood

held by Adam is traced without interruption down to Noah (Doc. &

Cov. section 107: 4054); and doubtless the principles of faith,

and of repentance, and the ordinances of baptism and the bestowing the Holy Ghost were preached and practised during the entire time. But a partial departure from the principles and duties of

the Adamic dispensation, and the necessity of a special labor, rendered a new dispensation essential. The keys of this dispensation,

and the performance of its distinctive duties, were entrusted to

Noah. The Noachian dispensation included the preaching previous

to the flood, and the renewal of the covenant; and the repeopling

of the earth, and other essential labors after the flood.

The authority of the Melchizedek priesthood is also traced uninterruptedly from Noah to Abraham, and also from Esaias, who lived in the time of Abraham, to Moses, (Doc. & Cov. section 84: 6-17.) Yet during this period three dispensatijns—the

Noachian, the Abrahamic and the Mosaic—were instituted; each

being rendered necessary by special conditions, and the need of particular labors. Hence, it is not necessary that all the powers

of one dispensation be removed from the earth before another is instituted.

Did the Prophets Hold the Melchizedek Priesthood?

Was the Melchizedek priesthood taken from the earth with Moses?

If so, what priesthood did Elijah, Elisha, Jeremiah and Isaiah hold; and

how was this priesthood conferred upon these men?

In considering this question, the distinction between the priesthood and its keys should be carefully drawn. Priesthood is

authority in general, but this generic term does not necessarily include the call to preside over a dispensation, bestowing the 312 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

priesthood on one's fellows, and organizing the work of God in its various ramifications. This calling and power is exercised by

virtue of the keys of the priesthood. The keys of the Melchizedek

priesthood were held and exercised by Moses, but they were taken from the earth with him, because of the unworthiness of the Israelites. (Doc. & Cov. section 84: 1925; Psalm 81: 11,12.) So

far as we know, the keys of this high priesthood were not held in their fulness by any one between Moses and Messiah; but it does

not follow that the general authority and power of the Melchizedek priesthood was not held by individuals who lived during that interval. It would seem impossible for the great works performed by

Elijah, Elisha, Jeremiah, Ezekiel, Isaiah, Samuel, and others of the prophets to have been done with lesser power than that priesthood; but these men could have held this power and

authority without possessing and exercising its keys in their fulness; indeed, we think that this was the case, and that these men

held, by special appointment, the power and authority of the Melchizedek priesthood without exercising a fulness of its keys. The

Prophet Joseph Smith says: "All the prophets held the Melchizedek priesthood, and were ordained by God himself."(See Compendium, Gems, page 287. Also "Spirit of Elijah,"Compendium,

pages 281-2.)

Appendages to the Melchizedek Priesthood.

Doc. & Cov. 84: 29, "Again, the offices of elder and bishop are

necessary appendages belonging to the higher priesthood."Does this

mean that an elder does not hold the high priesthood? If so, why

not?

It does not mean that an elder does not hold the high priesthood; on the contrary, an elder holds the Melchizedek priesthood,

(Doc. & Cov. section 107: 7) just as does a seventy, high

priest or an apostle. (See Era vol. 4, page 394.) The elder's authority is specifically defined in section 107: 10, 11, 12 Doc.& Cov.,

but the title is also a general one, applying to all who hold the high priesthood, in which latter case the regular offices, such as apostle, high priest, seventy, define the specific duties.

The office of bishop is an appendage to the high priesthood, because no one but a literal descendant of Aaron can act as a

EDITOR'S TABLE. 313

bishop unless he is a high priest in the Melchizedek priesthood.

(Doc. & Cov. section 106: 69, 71.) The office of elder is an appendage to the high priesthood in the same way that teachers and

deacons are appendages to the Aaronic priesthood (Doc. & Cov.

section 34: 30;) and as all other authorities or offices in the

Church are appendages to the Melchizedek priesthood (Doc. &

Cov. section 107: 5); or as the Aaronic priesthood as a whole is

an appendage to the Melchizedek priesthood. (Doc. & Cov. section

107: 14.)

SECRETARIES OF GENERAL BOARD Y. M. M. I. A.

The Improvement Era begins the publication of portraits and sketches of the General Secretaries of the Y. M. M. I. A. in

this number, by presenting a good likeness of Dr. Milton H. Hardy,

to whom the cause of mutual improvement is greatly indebted for many good ideas, and many years of careful and conscientious labor. When the organizations were first effected, in 1875, there

wag no thought of a general board. The persons chosen to

organize the associations worked separately, and by consent Dr.

Hardy acted as their secretary. It soon became apparent, however,

that a general body was necessary to most effectively accomplish the best results; and, as a step towards the organization of a

General Board, Dr. Hardy, who was among the organizers of our

associations, was chosen Territorial Secretary. This was done at

a conference held in Salt Lake City, on April 8, 1876. When the

board (or central committee then called) was finally organized, on the eighth of December, 1876, Dr. Hardy was chosen as first

assistant or counselor to Superintendent or President Junius F.

Wells, with Rodney C. Badger as second assistant, Mathoni W.

Pratt, treasurer; and John Nicholson, secretary, with Richard W.

Young and George F. Gibbs, assistant secretaries. While Dr.

Hardy can not, therefore, be called the first General Secretary of the Board, he deserves place in this series as first general or territorial Secretary of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations. Dr. Hardy has continued to work vigorously in the cause,

314 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

and is at present a valued member of the General Board, though unable, owing to his business duties as Medical Superintendent of the State Insane Asylum, Provo, to take such an active part in the work as he did in the early years. The manual idea was first

effectively put to practical use in our associations by the outlines made by Drs. Hardy and Brimhall, for the Contributor; the first

manual, issued in 1891, was largely written, introduced and explained by Dr. Hardy, who is a man preeminently endowed with

the power of organization, classification and arrangement. He

has a place for everything, and everything in a place. As teacher,

county superintendent of schools, churchman, organizer, physician, and a man of splendid character and good deeds, he stands out a prominent example—a modest and worthy workman.

A portrait of the first Secretary of the General Board,

Elder John Nicholson, with a sketch by Orson F. Whitney, will

appear in the next number of the Era.

ANNOUNCEMENTS.

The "Era"Story.

In response to the notice offering $50 for the best story suitable for the Era, five manuscripts have been received: "The

Great Key,"by Acorn; "A Week in a Box Canyon,"by Henry

James; "Florry,"by East Lynne; "Satan's Shafts,"by Ramondo;

and "The Baby Elephant,"by Uno Hu. The editors have selected

a committee of three readers, and as soon as it shall be decided which story is the best, and most suitable for our magazine, announcement will be made, and the publication will begin.

A Thrilling Narrative.

"Tiger Hunting in India,"is the title of a thrilling narrative which Col. R. M. Bryce Thomas, on request, has kindly written for

the boys of Utah, and which will appear in the March number of the Era. Col. Thomas speaks from personal experience. He is

a retired officer in the British army who has had over thirty years'service in the Empire, passing from military duty to administrative duty in the interior states of India, in which land he has spent the

EDITOR'S TABLE. 315

greater part of his life. He is a resident of London, but is just

now spending a few weeks in Utah. His contributions heretofore

to this magazine have been of great interest, and the boys are assured of a rich treat in the forthcoming tale of adventure.

Conjoint M. I. A. Conferences, 1903.

Sunday, Jan. 18 San Luis, North Sanpete

Sunday, Jan. 25 Millard, Benson, Pocatello

Sunday, Feb. 1 Wayne

Sunday, Feb. 8 Beaver, Utah, Sevier

Sunday, Feb. 15 San Juan, Emery, Morgan

Sunday, Feb. 22 Juab, Fremont, Uintah

Sunday, March 8 Panguitch, Union, Box Elder.'Bannock, Jordan, WoodruffSunday, March 15

Sunday, March 22 Summit, Oneida, Bingham

Sunday, March 29 Wasatch, Cassia, South Sanpete

Sunday, April 12 Granite, Nebo

Sunday, April 19 Davis, Malad Sunday, April 26 Bear Lake, Tooele

Sunday, May 10 Parowan, Hyrum, Alberta (East)

Sunday, May 17 Weber, North Davis, Alberta (West)

Joseph F. Smith, Elmina S. Taylor,

Gen. Supt. Y. M. M. I. A. President Y. L. M. I. A.

Thos. Hull, Ann M. Cannon,

Gen. Sec'y Y, M. M. I. A. Gen. Sec'y Y. L. M. I. A.

BOOK MENTION.

Utah, the Inland Empire,

Is the title of a beautifully illustrated work of 110 pages (size 9 x 11 J inches) published by the Deseret News. The articles on the

various subjects are written by authorities in the fields they cover, and give an excellent account of the settlement, growth and development, mining, agricultural, and commercial industries, of Salt Lake City and the State. The State's attractions, together with the biographies of

some of its leading spirits and founders are attractively treated. It is

just the kind of a book for tourists, and to send to friends at a distance 316 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

who wish to learn something authentic of our prosperous land. Price,

75 cents.

The "Beobachter"Kallender for 1903.

This annual publication (288 pages), issued by J. H. Ward, Salt

Lake City, editor of the oldest German newspaper between the Missouri river and the Pacific ocean, comes to hand, neat in appearance, full of information, and with a review of literature in Utah, by the editor.

Elder Ward deserves great credit for his work, and also the congratulations of the.German people in Utah for his capable efforts in their behalf.

NOTES.

Dr. E. Castelli, of Washington, D. C., in the Medical Record, has

recently given a very clear definition of the cause of seasickness! He

says that it "is the result of the consciousness of the oscillation of the act of orientation."The remedy is much simpler; "fix your eyes upon a

mirror. Why? Because eyes and mirror form one body, and the changing of horizons being reflected by a surface equal in every plane, the

eye'loses the consciousness of the different changes."Let a missionary

try it and report to the Era.

"Smoking Church Services"are the latest innovation in London, and promises to attract workingmen who have hitherto been outside the pale of religious influence. Archdeacon Wilberforce of Westminster

started the movement last year by inviting the men who were fitting up the Abbey for the coronation to attend service in the cloisters during their lunch hour, and giving each man an ounce of tobacco. Many accepted the invitation, and joined heartily in the services.

The home and the hearthstone are the basis of a nation's greatness.

Marriage is the institution blessed of all, and happy are those whose fortunes and aspirations are twined into one loving embrace, and who thus tread life's pathway. Charity to the imperfections of the other,

loving patience and kindness, loyalty in sickness and in health, loving ministrations one to the other, loyalty and fortitude in adversity, and mutual joy in the hours of prosperity, all crowned with steadfast love union. Nothing is more—these are the characteristics of a happy

beautiful to contemplate. Such a marriage is a benediction to all. John

H. Small.

EVENTS OF THE MONTH.

BY THOMAS HULL, GENERAL SECRETARY OF Y. M. M. I. A.

institutes, well attended, are Local—December 16—State farmers'

held in American Fork and Mt. Pleasant Expostmaster Charles

Meighan, of Ogden, is sentenced to one year in the State prison for embezzlement 17—Profs. Merrill and Hutt held a farmers'

institute at Manti; there is a movement on foot to establish an experimental dry farm in Sanpete. Farmers have arranged for weekly meetings 18—The Supreme Court reverses the lower court in the

textbook case, which means that the work of the Convention last May was legal. It is victory and vindication for State Superintendent A. C-

Nelson and the County superintendents of schools Father

Spence, born Scotland, Nov. 5, 1824, died in Wellsville, Cache Co

institutes are held at Heber, Wasatch Co., by Profs. WidtsoeProfs.19—Farmers'Merrill and Hutt held a farmers'meeting at Gunnison

and Ball, and at Salina, Sevier Co., by Profs. Merrill and Hutt

Anders Nilsson, a faithful old resident of North Salt Lake, 80 years of age,20—Farmers'died from institutesexposure, arehavingheldaccidentallyin Provo, fallenRichfield,into aElsinore,canal Payson

and other places Annie D. Hill, a public school teacher, dies

all the stakes and wards of Zion,the Saints celebrate, by appropriunder21—Inmysterious circumstances in a Salt Lake doctor's office

ate services, in song and speech, the 97th anniversary of the birth of the

Prophet Joseph Smith 24—George W. Thatcher, a pioneer of

Utah, and a leading figure in her history and business, born Springfield, 111., in 1840, died in Logan, Cache Co The case against Clyde

Felt, for murder, was dismissed Shadrach Holdaway, a memAllen, came to Utah in 1875, age 51, a former Salt ber of 25—Johnthe Mormon Battalion, born Tenn., Oct. 15, 1822, died in Provo

is arLake City Councilman, died 26—An important agreement

rived at by four canal companies now drawing water from Utah Lake;

by which they will combine as the Utah Lake Resevoir and Canal Co.,

with a capital of $487,500, with a primary right of 4*0 cubic feet per second Isaac J. Seeley, who came to Utah in 1848, died in

Mill Creek, age 65 years 27—Mrs. Jessie Benton Fremont,

widow, of Col. J. C. Fremont, the Pathfinder, died in Los Angeles

its run for this season, having Samuel C.28—TheMitton,Lehian oldtimesugar factoryresidentendsof Wellsville, died in Logan

318 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

sacked 21 million pounds of sugar The 33rd ward was organized from the 10th, in Salt Lake City, with Robert A. Brighton, bishop;

Samuel Wells, 84, and Halvor Olsen, 72, died; they were the

oldest residents in Sevier Co 29—The First National Bank of

Murray was authorized to begin business, capital $25,000, L. S. Hills,

president, L. W. Burton, acting cashier. January 1, 1903—"Corianton"is presented to a large house in

Logan A freight train on the Tintic line of the Rio Grande is wrecked near Goshen 2—The non-"Mormons"of Provo circulate a statement favoring Reed Smoot for the Senate 3—The

City of Murray inaugurated its officers The Utah National bank, Salt Lake, has been purchased by a syndicate headed by President

Anthon H. Lund, John Henry Smith, W. H. Smart, T. R. Cutler and

others Geo. A. Lowe, born Ashburnham, Mass., May 16, 1836,

a leading business man and citizen of Utah since 1870, died in Salt Lake

City Gen. Wm. Booth, founder of the Salvation Army,

addresses large crowds at the Salt Lake Theatre Augusta

Greenhalgh, age 68, a resident of Santaquin, died 5—Judge H.

H. Rolapp sentences Brown, the murderer of a Chinaman in Ogden, to 40

years in the State prison Johanna Anderson, mother of C. A.

Carlquist, born in Sweden, March 27, 1827, died in Salt Lake City 6—James Larson, a teacher in the L. D. S. University, dies of

smallpox Arnold G. Giauque is elected president of the Salt

Lake Board of Education 7—ExPostmaster Charles Meighan,

of Ogden, at his own request, he having no money for expenses of a new trial, was taken to the pen to begin his imprisonment for embezzlement in an interview, declaresof office funds 8—Senator Kearns,

that President Roosevelt had requested him to state that the President hopes no apostle will be elected U. S. Senator, as such action would work

great harm to Utah, and would be very unwise, as it would arouse opposition and inject unfortunate questions into national politics. The interview caused great comment and discussion 9—Apostle Reed

Smoot says he is still a candidate for the Senate, and does not believe the President will interfere The Republican caucus agree upon Hon. E. M. Allison, Jr., for president of the Senate, and Hon. Thomas

Hull for Speaker of the House 10—Smallpox becomes epedemic in various parts of the State 11—Myron Tanner, father

of Dr. J. M. Tanner, and a pioneer in Utah, as well as a leader in her industrial, religious, financial, educational and political life, died at Forest

fifth Utah Legislature organized,Dale 12—The Senate of the

electing Hon. E. M. Allison, Jr., President, while the House elected as

Speaker Hon. Thomas Hull 13—Governor Wells'message was

read to the Legislature. He.congratulates the people on the eighth year

of statehood, and the joyous event of the new century, and in detail dwells upon the needs and doings of the public institutions of Utah, her industry, and her necessities in the way of new laws James

Currie, a pioneer of 1852,died in Salt Lake City 14—The Republican

legislative caucus nominated Reed Smoot for the Senate by 38 votes, as

pool ofagainstDomestic—Decembersix for Sutherland,15—Newtwo for YorkWells bankersand two formfor Geo.a moneyM. Cannon.

EVENTS OF THE MONTH. 319

fifty millions to meet emergencies caused by money stringency 16—The Senate ratifies the treaty with Spain John D.

bill, carrying over oneRockefeller presents17—Theone millionUrgent dollarsDeficiencyto the Chicago University.

million dollars, passed18—Theon thePanama15th byCanalthe House,Treaty isis passeddelayed,by owingthe Senate.to a

disagreement19—Theover thepruvisionsamount ofof thetbeannuityCuban toreciprocitybe paid Colombiatreaty are

made public 22—Mascagni, the musician, cancels all his

open 23—Thedates, andU. bringsS. Supremehis AmericanCourt decidestour tothatan endan insurancein Chicagopolicy on a

man executed for murder is invalid The quarantine on cattle is raised in Connecticut 24—President Roosevelt

is asked by Germany and Britain to act as arbitrator in the Venezuelan controversy; he declines and asks that the matter be referred to the

Hague, thus saving the integrity of that tribunal 29—Binger

Hermann, Commissioner of the General Land Office, resigns

The new battleship Maine is put into commission at League Island navy yard, Pa 30—Senor Azpiroz, Mexican U. S Ambassador,

confirms the report that Mexico will change from a silver to a gold money standard.

January 1, 1903—The U. S. Steel Corporation announces a plan by

which profits will be shared by employees The United

States announces willingness to accept China's indemnity on a silver basis 2—The new cable from Hawaii carries greetings to

President Roosevelt The President orders the Indianola,

Miss., post office closed, owing to enforced resignation of colored postmistress 4—Reports of the Philippine Commission and

Governor Taft are made public 6—Andrew Carnegie offers

$1,500,000 for the erection of thirty libraries in Philadelphia

A bill passes the House providing for the redemption of Hawaiian silver coins In sending the Philippine commission report to Congress, President Roosevelt recommends an appropriation of $3, 000,000 to relieve distress in the islands The Washington

Carnegie library is dedicated 9—The Cabinet decide not to

accept the resignation of Mrs. Cox, the colored postmistress at Indianola, Miss. The citizens have established a private office for distribution

is reported that President Roosevelt obof mails 10—It

jects to the candidacy of Reed Sraoot to the Senate, from Utah, because of an oath by which, as an apostle of the Mormon Church, he is said to have renounced all allegiance to the State 11—Thousands

of residents of Manila urge Gov. Taft not to leave the islands, fearing

a change in policy, should he leave to serve as Associate Justice of the

Supreme Court 12—Intense cold prevails throughout the cen-

B. Heyburn is chosen Senator by thetral states 13—Judge W.

Idaho Legislature, and Senator Perkins of California is chosen to succeed himself 14—The Connecticut Republicans name

O. H. Piatt for the senate in a threeminute caucus.-..

The bill providing for a rebate of coal duties passed the House by a vote of 258 to 5.

320 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Foreign.—December 15, 1902.—Italy joins Germany and England in

making demands on Venezuela 16—Russia presses

China to assist in the establishment of customs and postal services under

Russian17—PremiersupervisionBalfourat principalannouncesstationsa stateof theofManchurianwar existingrailwaybetweenGreat Britain and Venezuela 19—The allies accept proposal of arbitration made in behalf of Venezuela by U S. Minister

Bo wen, Caracas 20—The allies ask President Roosevelt

to act as arbitrator in the Venezuelan trouble Official proclamations of the Venezuelan blockade are issued in London and

Berlin Many thousand people are reported starving in

Finland and northern Sweden The Czar pardons 58 students who were sent to Siberia 21—Marconi announces his

success in establishing wireless telegraphic communication between

Cape Breton, Canada, and Cornwall, England 22—By

earthquake at Andigon, Turkestan, 2,500 people are killed and 1,600 houses destroyed 26—The Powers concerned in the

Venezuelan controversy agree to submit the case to the Hague tribunal.

Secretary and Mrs. Chamberlain arrive at Durban,

South27—TheAfrica,Roumanianand Lieut.-Generalsenate adoptsMilesa measurearrivesprovidingat Pekin for the naturalization of Jews 28—Marconi continues daily wirelesscommunication with England 29—The Viceroy of India

officially opens the Coronation Durbar at Delhi The

Cuban Senate refuses to meet in extra session to dispose of the reciprocity treaty with the United States 30—France and

is made from St. Petersburg that financialGuatemala31—Announcementagree to submit their differences to the Hague tribunal

help for starving Finland will be welcomed.

is officially proclaimed Emperor of January 1, 1903—King EdwardIndia at the Coronation Durbar, Delhi 3—Preparations

are making to place Spain on a gold basis German marines land at Puerto Cabello. Venezuela, to cover the seizure of vessels

in the inner harbor by the blockading fleet European powers menace China, and decide upon the payment of the indemnity on is reconcileda gold basis 4—The Sultan of Moroccowith his brother, and the rebellion ends 5—ExPremier

P. M. Sagasta died in Madrid 7—All the ministers except

the American envoy sign the note warning China she must pay her indemnity in gold 8—Thirty thousand troop3 led by Lord

Kitchener are reviewed byLord Curzon, at the Durbar exercises at Delhi,

Venezuela accepts all the conditions demanded by the powers 10—As King Alphonso was coming from church

in Madrid, a deranged man fired into the royal procession indicate that the situation is not improving.11—Advices from Morocco

The Sultan's14—Dailytroops arestreetsellingparadestheirof weaponsLondon'stounemployedthe pretenderare causing

much apprehension.

++++ t t t + +++++++++++++<

D. 0. GflliDER'S S0|1S GO., me. j

THE PIOJSlEEt* MUSIC DEAUERS OF UTAH.

We handle the renowned

t STEINWMY 1 which is a guarantee of our Business Standing, also the well known PASOfl & HAJVIIilH, and the People's Favorite, the

KUWBahli PlAflO.

f Come and hear the APOLLO PIANO PLAYER, the Latest and the Best.

4547 West 1st South Street, Salt Lake City.

t +--+ <.

A ************** ********* ********************* > is it Why i.????????????????????? V9

That our busi ness has increased so much that we had to employ J extra help of all kinds, and add extra delivering that unless people get facilities, and you know jjc their money's worth in quality and quantity, they * would not give us the patronage we now enjoy.

Why?

Call around and we will tell you. Once our \\

customer, you will stay with us.

MARRIOTT'S MARKET, Phones | |g 2224 West First South St.

* f -** -- IWHKK WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE ERA.)

HE MUFFED IT PREJVIIUIWS FOR

If he did not get our Catalogue of SOAP WRAPPERS.BASE BALL GOODS.

How would you like to obtain—absolutely free of charge—a handsome clock;

a Rochester lamp or a dozen Turkish towels? You can do it. All you need do

is save your

DkwnoncTC

wrappers. When you have 50, 100, 200,

Also remember we head 500 or more, send them to us and we will the procession in Shooting forward you a premium you will be proud of; something that will be both ornament- & Sporting Goods, Fishing al and useful. Tackle, Camping and Out Write for premium book, picturing

ing supplies of all kinds. many and describing all of the 300 preOur Catalogue is free, miums which we give for wrappers.

send for one. J> J- J- J>

TflE CUDHHY PflCKIflG CO.

Browning Bros. Co. Premium Store, 317 So. Main St.

2461 Washingion Ave., - - Ogden, Uiah. Salt Lake City, Utah.

Oregon snort Line Railroad

Operating 1421 Miles of Railroad through the Thriving States of

UTAH, IDAHO, WYOMING, OREGON and MONTANA.

THE ONLY ROAD To BUTTE, HELENA, PORTLAND, and the NORTH PACIFIC COAST.

Four Daily|Trains between SALT LAKE CITY and OGDEN. The POPULAR

LINE to all Utah Mining Districts. The Only Road to MERCUR.

to All Points East.The Fastest Service

BUY YOUR TICKETS VIA THE "SHORT LINE,"UTAH'S

FAVORITE RAILROAD.

City Ticket Office, No. 100 West Second South St., Salt Lake City.

1. M. SCHUMACHER. Genera/ Traffic Manager. D. E. BURLEt, Gen. Pass, and Ticket Agt

W. H. BANCROFT, VicePrest. and General Manager.

(WHEN WETTING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE ERA.)

YOl ARE DELUDING YOURSELF Telephone 351. WHEN YOL SAY,

Jos.Wm.Taylor,

UTAH'S LEADING UNDERTAKER "A Telephone

AND LICENSED EMBALMER.

Fine Funeral Chapel, Private Parwould le of lor, Show Rooms and Morgue.

OFFICE OPEN DAY AND NIGHT.

21, 23, 25 South West Temple St. no use to me

SALT LAKE CITT, UTAH.

at the house/ TRY IT AND SEE.

ORLAN CLYDE CULLEN, Ask any of your many COUNSELORHT-LAW.

friends who have it. U. 8. Supreme Court, Registered Attorney U. S. Patent Office, United States and

Foreign Patents, Caveats, Trade Marks and

Copyrights.

ONE DOLLAR PER MONTH IS No. 700 7th Street, N. W.

Opp. U. S. Patent Office. WASHINGTON. D.C- TOO CHEAP TO REQUIRE ARGUMENT.

Daynes Music Go.,

The Leading Music Dealers.

CopyricPh

A FALLING MARKET PIANOS * OKGAflS will not be blameable to the quality of produce If you use our choice and EVEflYTHIflG KflOWfl ifl jyiOSIC the Seeds. Furthermore, productive you

Send for Illustrated catalogue can always depend upon good prices for your grain and produce when raised

FREE. from our High Grade Seeds and marketed by us. Write us when you have

Is not falling."DAYNES MUSIC CO. "marketproducts to sell, and we'll see that the

Stock The Largest of Goods THE C. A. SMURTHWAITE PRODUCE CO. In the West.

74 Main Street. P. O. Box D. seedsmen and Shippers of Produce,

OGDEN, UTAH....

(When writing to advertisers please mention this paper.

S3 w I. Z. C. M.

Retail Dry Goods Dcpt STOCKS ALWAYS NEW, FRESH AND SEASONABLE.

THERE'S A REASON FOR IT.

Knowing the wants of the trade, a thorough knowledge of the markets and rare judgment in the selecting of Goods both as to quality and quantity are points possessed by our buyers; and this, coupled with that

Z. C. M. /. combination, the greatest degree of quality with the lowest

possible price, insures the disposal of the goods before they have a chance to get old, therefore ALWAYS JSEW GOODS.

T. O. WEBBER, Supt.

AA"AAA"AAAAAAAAAAAAAArAAAAAAAAAAAA AAA'AArA'AAAAAAAAAAA A A'A*

GOODS GO. I K. THOPS DRY t. *

We Solieit Mail Orders for SHIfrT WAISTS { during oar Great February Sale of

(IIrists. Hew Spring

Prices 25e, 35e, 50c, 65e, 75c, and up

Postage 5e.

You will save from 25c to 50c on each Waist by ordering now. j

$. K- TflOCQAS D$Y GOODS CO.I f