> I,

> lEra 7 IImp ro uem ent

:;#...i - * 4; *>

I 1..

gM. *'tV**4*'.*

r

.'!**:;;:$;:%;,/-;

-......

>S\

* *Jt.,*(V "%

'.,.;"

OCTOBER, 1942 y"* 10 \ NUMBER 45VOLUME. r E G UAR A NTEEDS ETU R N POSTAG

Of course you want to continue enjoying the many advantages of gas cookery, including its superior speed and economy. But—sales i%tv'mw$p\ W H

factories restricted; are appliancesof new counSAVE FUTURE REPAIR BY GOOD diverted rightly to our materialsand

try's war needs. -jir First of all, then, you want BURNER CARE

to make sure that your gas appliances will last. * As a wartime public service, your gas

company offers these practical suggestions:

DURATIONIZE YOUR GAS RANGE...

HERE'S Usespillinglow overor mediumand spattering.flame to avoid* If burnerexcess steaming,openings

stiff clogged, brush in clean with become warm HOW "Oi *i is indicates water flame gas and Yellow soda. *

not burning properly, and usually calls for expert adjustment. Call your dealer or plumber.

like glass; surfaces are wipe enamelPorcelain them ALL FOUR GAS APPLIANCES DESERVE area. particularlyoff every day, the When burner

range is warm, use only a dry cloth. -k Avoid use of DURATIQNIZING

harsh cleaning fluids, sharp abrasives or steel wool on enamel, -k With a soft, dry cloth or tissue, wipe up immediately any spilled milk, fruit juices or acid liquids; they stain. * Don't place wet dishes,

glasses or bottles on top of range.

AS YOU'D SAFEGUARD YOUR FINEST

ALUMINUM Laterhome advertisementscare of your waterwillheater,offer furnacesuggestionsand gason refrigerator. If they are not new, we suggest inspection, adjustment or necessary cleaning and

repair by your dealer or plumber. So act now while

repair parts are still available.

the broiler and oven occasioncompartmentWash water. If food is Keep on Buying cool) withally {when warm, soapy

spilled in oven, wait for bottom to cool, then re- U. S. War Bonds

cleanser or fine scrub withmove tray and good to GAS and Stamps use, leave -A- Aftersteel wool, oven door open air out. * Remove hot grease before it hardens, or THE

wipe up with dry cloth or tissue. WONDER

v FUEL J MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

Serving Twentythree Utah Communities

Sales offices in Salt Lake City, Ogden and Provo

Here's What to Do When Your Child Becomes A "FUSSY EATER"!

CHILDREN love the distinctive nutlike flavor of Honey

Bee Grahams, and because Honey

Bees contains only pure, wholeBy FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. somehoney, naturalyour childgrainsgetsanda wealthfresh

of nourishment. In fact, five

T}oots of common crop plants reach Honey Bee Grahams with milk to a depth of several feet: wheat, actually double the nutritive

oats, and sugar beets, five to six feet; value of a glass of milk!

barley, three to four feet; and potatoes, So keep a generous supply of

three feet. Honey Bee Grahams by Purity

on hand at all times!

ExtraNourishing pulp as discarded waste fromThresh ExtraDelicious fruits juice citrus after the has been ExtraFresh!

extracted is a suitable food for dairy cows. The minced pulp of both oranges

and grape fruit can be preserved by CREAMHONEYSANDWICHES'ensilage. Mix 1 cup powdered

sugar, 1 tblsp soft butter, 1 sq. melted choconpONS of steel are being saved by using late,ing, \Va1 tsp.tblspvanillacreamflavorand

a transparent film of cellophane 1 pinch salt to make onethousandth of an inch thick to increamy paste. Spread on

crease the effectiveness of fiber cans crackers.Honey Bee Graham

and cartons. The cellophane is laminated to the fiber, saving sixty to eighty

percent of the metal normally used. Clip and Send Today

Lard and baking powder are now being for packed; syrups, oils, greases and powdered foods may also be packaged; even

concentrated fruit juices have been Free Recipe Book kept for months in such cardboard cellophane-lined packages.

fast with run twice as each A NTS rise Your Profits Are Reduced by"** degrees of in temperature Fahrten enheit. DEEP ROOTED NOXIOUS WEEDS

"\T7hen should a parachutist open his v "parachute for a minimum opening Morning Glory, White Top (Hoary Cress), shock? The least shock comes when he Canada Thistle, Knapweed, Etc.

is traveling at the slowest speed resulting from the forward speed of the plane Good quality crops and fair prices fully justify the added to his increasing speed as he falls lose time and the use ofdown. Because of air resistance, the Ur cost of eradication—so why

final or terminal speed of a falling man your productive land when it may be treated and is 110120 miles an hour so that the restored without loss of crop in the process! Then

air resistance slows down a man's horizontal velocity as his vertical velocity use increases. A parachutist jumping from

a plane traveling at 110 miles an hour pull his ripcord fourshould and at two Activated hasfifth seconds reached his speed when the minimum of about eighty miles an thirtyfive in makinghour a direction the horizontal. shock Carbon Bisulphidedegrees with The

at this time is about sixty percent of what it would be if he opened his parawith the aid of a chute as he jumps, or if he waited for has than twelve seconds when hemore velocity. his terminal a Mack Anti Weed Gun Forreached

plane moving at 340 miles an hour the best time to wait is seven seconds. and repay the cost of treatment in a single crop.

No injury to the soil—-no injury to livestock.

the northern Canada greatest enemy Tn *"mosquito. is the the caribou of The Write today for FREE Booklet 212 containing commosquitos kill thousands of caribou in plete information and instructions.

the brief northern summer by clinging to them until the animal drops dead with its thin summer coat completely WHEELER,-.REYNOLDS* STAUFFfR, 636 Califomra SfcSah Frahciscio

covered by clouds of mosquitoes. (Concluded on page 612) Distributors—Wasatch Chemical Co., Salt Lake City and Branches

*Mmprooement Era "The Glory of God is Intelligence'

OCTOBER, 1942 Heber J. Grant,

Editors "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH'Richard L. Evans,Managing Editor

OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, Marba C. Josephson,

MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTAssociate Editor

MENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD George Q. Morris, General Mgr.

TEACHERS.AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH Lucy G. Cannon, Associate Mgr.

OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS. J. K. Orton. Business Mgr.

JhsL dil&iL (pjcupL Sentence Sermons..Heber J, Grant 619 (Do IJdulJOww—

"firsts"the Mormons I many How Sam Brannan and the Mormons in Early California—Part Calito in early lay claim may fanl Bailey 620

What Others Think of the Mormons J. Orval Ellsworth 624 fornia history? 620

The Builder, Concerning Truman O. Angell When the decree of banishment

Marvin E. Smith 630 against Roger Williams was

finally repealed by MassachuReconciliations: Is Elias? Evidences and LVII LVI—Who

setts? 622 All the Celestial Glory?—Are Exalted Who Enter

Accountability Those Who Die Before LVIII—Do

Exaltation? Receive John A. Widtsoe 641 ForRogerswhat waskindnoted?of humor Will 623

Why Latterday Saints Can AfAaronic 654 ford to Ward Go On Missions, critics certain frank have Teaching 655 What

L. Bean Messages: Monte 616 Mutual listed the liabilias the assets and

Features: SleepingNo-LiquorTobacco for M.IA. Remedy people? 624 ties of the Mormon

Business 618 656 Sickness Bad

It District E. Burns Holds Georgia Home Me Up, Clarence

in early history, was Church Who, 628 Services 656 Flynn called to "build cities and Howells....631 Religion in Elders Alcohol, King Teach T. J. 630 656 temples"? Schools 636 of Hawaii Church The Moves On

Conference Notice 637, 640, 672 BeeHive Girls 656, 658

Priesthood: Melchizedek 650 Field Photos 656, 657 What historic document was reThe Work of the Seventy 653 Music: Churchwide Hymns 658 cently acquired for the Church? 638

Sp&riaL J-AaititeA, How to make a jelly set? 642

A Noble Outlaw Charles A. Callis 622 What the new features of the MelThe OffColor Story Earl J. Glade 623 chizedek department are? 650

It Burns Me Up.Clarence Edwin Flynn 628

The Fountains of Berne Marie Widmer 633 "Sail On and On"Ruth Cannon Thatcher 635

Exploring the Universe, FrankHoming: The Perfect Hobby, EXECUTIVEOFFICES:AND EDITORIAL

lin S. Harris, Jr...609 Morrison Colladay 642 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Telefacts 612 Challenging Thought 642

Inc., 1942 Mutual CorFunds, Copyright a by in the 642 Burying Scrap Copilco—Ancient Get

the Improveporation Mutual Men's of Young

Hints 643 E. Dibble....613 Ground, Charles Handy Christ the Jesus Association Church ment of of

Looking Back at Ancient AmerCooks'Corner, Josephine B. of Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subica, Dewey Farnsworth.614 Nichols 643 scriptionsingle copy.price, $2.00 a year, in advance; 20c

Old Testament Curiosities 618 Keep Them Flying, Ann RasEntered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City,

Bad Business 618 mussen 644 Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance for

of special rate at mailing postage provided to Advertisers Index 662 On the Book Rack 639 of for 1917, October, in section 1103, Act 672 Page Your and Ours authorized 2, 1918. July

The Improvement Era is not responsible

The General Conference. 640 tributions.for unsolicitedAll manuscripts,manuscripts mustbut bewelcomesaccompaniedconStrange Company Richard L. Evans 640 by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

NATIONAL ADVERTISING REPRESENTATIVES Different from This Day Samuel Burke 626 Salt Lake City: Francis M. Mayo

Appointment for Parting Ruth Aston 629 San Francisco: Edward S. Townsend

Change of Heart Elizabeth Grey Stewart 632 Chicago: Dougan and Bolle

Frontispiece: Farewell, Summer, Important Worths, Goldie B. New York: Dougan and Bolle

Edna S. Dustin 617 Bettridge 669 MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF

Poetry Page 634 Scriptural Crossword Puzzle 670 CIRCULATIONS

JhsL QovsUl

isHpHls A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY * by Fellowcraftsstrikingly lovelyStudios,photographAlbany, ofNewthe York,SacredandGroveis usednearherePalmyra,by courtesyNew York,of William S. Kline. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

Women Join the "FieldArtillery as International Harvester Dealers

Teach Power Farming to an Army of "TRACTORETTES"

sisters, is city. real just ridge. she the the over her city Like job for victory. are doing a

is belt.THEBreakfastSUN just specialized benefit the has of under Tractorettes are had the rendering a vital

The farmer and his helpers sample training for the job. service. They are doing the farm

the breeze as they stand on the back Late last winter International work that used to be done by the steps, and the farmer says: Harvester dealers began to train boys who now are flying bombers

"I've got to go into town this this summer's Tractorettes. The or riding the slippery, slanting

morning. Meantime, Emily, you and dealers provided classrooms, indecks of a destroyer.

Ruth might as well start in on the structors, and machines. The HarTheir Tractorette training cost

south forty."vester company furnished teaching them nothing except the energy and

Emily? Ruth? Girls? Sure, why manuals, slide films, mechanical intelligence which they put into it.

diagrams, and service charts. The and conceived The company are TracEmily Ruthnot? For and

to girls themselves were required Its financial launched the program.. their theytorettes.. and know

earnest costs are shouldered by both thestuff. They'll check their tractors bring only two things—an

will to for a disregard and work dealers Harvester company. and the They'll lubrication. fuelfor and

oil fingernails grease the under or adjustengine those minormake nose. smudges on the last night. Tractorette winter This fall mentally and they notedments

They'll roll out early and do a first They studied motors and transtraining courses will be broadened class job of field work, straight missions, cooling systems, and to meet new needs as they arise.

down the rows. ignition. They studied service care. Thousands of new girls will take

They learned to drive tractors. the course and join the "women's

What is a Tractorette? They learned to attach the major field artillery"next spring, fit and

battle of for everyyear the with ready that are used farm implements girl is or farm a TRACTORETTEA

Until TracVictory theland. is won, tractors. painstakthe were help to win And they who wantswoman

battle of the land, to help ingly taught the safe way torette training will continue to be services extra important of the one Freeto do everything. forprovide Food BONDS WAR BUY dealers the Harvester rendered by is farm the Shedom. IN YOUR TURN nation. the to farmers the and is girl the Today, of on their family tomodel who SCRAP

driving an ambulance or SHARE YOUR CAR farms or elsewhere, INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER COMPANY running a turret lathe in thousands of"graduates"180 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, Illinois

r.;:r

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1942

P1CTOGRAPH CORPORATION SCIENCE SERVICE 7.1U TEtEFACT

Nobody Can Stop LOSS—

Everybody Can

Avoid It Through o o o o o o o o

INSURANCE V ONE OUT OF EVERY 11 EMPLOYEES IN THE U. S.

WORKS FOR THE GOVERNMENT When yu come (FEDERAL, STATE AND LOCAL, BUT EXCLUDING ARMED FORCES] here f o r insurance you get it, coupled attentive, expewith service. rienced This Exploring the Universe 'LVATVinersMaininCollieryEnglandareatgettingthe Manversartificial

is an agency of the ( Concluded from page 609 sun baths by a radical new method.

Utah Home Fire InTT'he mother and the father shearAfter their showerbaths the miners get surnace Co. A water birds take shifts of three to on to a conveyor belt which carries them

five days each taking care of the eggs along a corridor under mercury vapor during the fiftytwo-day incubation pearc lamps to the lockers for their clean clothes. Sufficient radiation is given to riod. off the the birds During duty days UTAH HOME FIRE the health. men in good fly to of the feed in Biscay and keep Bay

INSURANCE CO. return, a total round trip, straightline +

Heber J. Grant & Co. distance of twelve hundred miles. P\oublehill planting of tomatoes

has the State been found Utah by General Agents

College StaExperiment Salt Lake City, Utah loss '"P'HEA Mcintoshgrowth applesof variouscan berotcontrolledfungi on Agriculturaltion to greatly the reduce of plants by introducing one to two parts per milby beet leafhopper attacks and translion of ozone into the storage room for mission of curlytop disease. The inone to two hours daily, it has been discreased yield paid for the extra plants

GIVE covered at Cornell University. needed even under light infestation.

"Decause the nerve impulses to the "Rilk cans are cleaned faster with a brain travel at about four hundred * A new method and hence save metal feet per second, Haldane and Huxley by fewer cans doing more work. The

suggest that a man hit by a car going at steam used in cleaning is acidified with eighty miles an hour will probably feel gluconic acid. Alkaline cleansing agents

DELICIOUS nothing because the brain is destroyed are no longer necessary.

brain from the skin. \7itamin C, given in large doses, can PINH AND GOLD before the message can be sent to the

v prevent heat cramps and heat exQhozDlatsLL. A kitchen range has been developed haustion. This vitamin has also proved

glass door, a glasseffective a has which of heat in the treatment prostop. oven, whenever the occasion calls lor lined tration, according a clearvision and Foulger. H. to Dr. J.

something special

PICTOGRAPH CORPORATION

SCIENCE SERVICE 7.8.2 TELEFACT

FEWER FARMS - LARGER SIZE IN THE U. S.

"If It's Glade's MM'mmtoWHMW* It's Good"1930 Your favorite dealer can supply you *

Build laith on every front totoMMtototoMMn 19401 the "Era"C Send ill!mm to y

1930 in the men Each farmhouse represents 10% of the farms in

Service Each section represents 10% of the farm land in 1930

an fopitco—ANCIENT BURYING GROUND-.

By CHARLES E. DIBBLE

Roosevelt Fellow, Institute o International Education Oneteriesof theon earliestthe Americanknown cemeconti- nent is located under a thirtyfoot lava cap on one edge of the Valley of Mexico. The site is known as

Copilco, and the culture of the people is referred to as the "Archaic."That

the dead were actually interred at Copilco and not accidentally killed by the lava flow is evidenced by the fact that the remains are not only covered by the lava cap but also by a layer of earth baked black and red by the glowing lava.

The people who buried their dead

Sample Heinz Baby Foods Yourself—Notice The

Fresh, Natural Flavors—The Tempting Colors

And Smooth, Fullbodied Textures! No Wonder

Babies Relish These HighQuality Dishes!

When baby is ready for strained foods, give him Heinz! Choice

fruits, vegetables, meats and cereals are cooked scientifically—vacuumpacked in

THE LAVA CAP AND ENTRANCES TO THE ARCHAIC enamellined containers. VitaBURIALS AT COPILCO, MEXICO. mins and minerals your youngster needs for health and

at Copilco were agriculturists, for we growth are retained in high flavors and degree. Tempting potteryfind their grinding stones and

colors are also captured! There figurcontainers. of abundance An for savory 17 kinds are you

diines suggests the of worship some to from! choose your baby and

vinity or divinities associated with fertility or agriculture. Indications of Bridge the gap between strained

clothing on the figurines and numerous foods and family meals with spindle whorls attest a knowledge of Heinz 12 Junior Foods!

spinning and weaving. In all, the picThey're designed to furnish

ture is one of a culturally advancing runabout babies with unpeople. strained, mildly seasoned and

Archeology dates the Copilco culhighly nutritive foods. Preto special recipes pared and threeture years about or hundred two

in protective enamelpacked Christ. geological methbefore Recent lined containers, Junior Heinz dating give accurate a moreods may include Foods dishes, main

of these early people. When the lava vegetables and desserts—every

flow cooled, the atomic structure of one a joy to toddlers!

the lava was orientated in accord with north. then magneticwhat was By THESE TWO SEALS MEAN PROTECTION FOR YOUR BABY

the deviationmeasuring between magnetic north when the lava flow cooled and presentday magnetic north, geologists hope to tell us in terms of years when the lava flow cooled and when FOODSthe BABY archaic to HEINZ people forced were QUALITY BACKED BY A 73YEAR REPUTATION this part ofabandon of the Valley

Mexico.

KEEP 'EM SHINING! DoJdnq (Bade aL

"Wooden steps or cement. Here's the finish. Tough. Made to walk on. Scuffs can't

hurt it. Big choice of cheerful colors! ANCIENT AMERICA

faiu PORCH AND By DEWEY FARNSWORTH DECK PAINT

RUINS OF TENOCHTITLAN

Across the street from the cathedral in Mexico City are found these ruins of the ancient city of Tenochtitlan. In

1325, a roving Aztec tribe was led to this spot. The legend says

that they saw an eagle with a serpent in its talons, perched upon a cactus plant. This they

interpreted as a sign that they were to stop their wanderings and settle down. So they

built Tenochtitlan a magnificent city which—

flourished until the coming of the Spaniards, who completely destroyed it in 1521 and replaced it with the Mexico City of today. However, there

still remain evidences of the ancient city—these

ruins seen in the picture, and hieroglyphics, serpenthead carvings, etc. CRACKS & PYRAMIDTENAYUCAOF miles northsix About of Mexico NICKS ARI EASY! west

Superpatcher for steps and walks. Just stands the pyramidCityof

its in unique water, apply then mix with Low cost Tenayuca,formation uncut of looks yet for Best and safety. with stones and cement

sercarved fiftytwo of FULLER STUCCO PATCHER itsingpentheadsornamentation, havon each three sides which are said to represent a cycle in Aztec time. The calendar of these ancients

consisted of eighteen the with year to each days to ***/ monthstwenty p*<,vr YOU closing a and month period of five days left over into which they believed all the bad luck of the year was crowdinto cycles of WHERE STEPS MEET HOUSE ed.videdfiftytwo.The years were diGuard outside seams from moisThe legend says that all

ture, insects, dirt. Made for the debts were wiped out

start was a new job. Inexpensive. can and You

beginning the at made it! paint right over fiftysecond each of

PIONEER ELASTIC CEMENT year.

PROTECT THEM!

YOUR OUTSIDE DOORS YOUR LIGHT FIXTURES TIKAL

Give them lustre! Brighten up those

of Central in brush the America Buried finish outside to rusty, the Just of extensive fixTikal, Mayanis the all known most tures. sun. face rain and Keep them eighteen cities, long miles and being thirtytwo

Stays bright. Long useful, keep them miles wide, with great highways leading to and

wearing. pretty from it in every direction.

The unit in laying out the city was the quadFULLERSPAR VARNISH DECORET ENAMEL rangular plaza around which clustered the temples and dwellings of the priests and ruling classes.

These are all that comprise the city today, for the houses of the vast majority of the people, constructed as they were of wattle and daub, witn palmleaf roofs, have ages ago become an integral part of the forest floor.

At the height of its glory, Tikal probably boasted more than three or four million souls, having expanded century by century till it had grown to the gigantic proportions which it had attained at the time of its desertion by its inhabitants, the cause of which still remains a mystery. For sheer grandeur and magnificence,

Tikal is unrivaled.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1942

ZCMI'S BIGJHREE FOR EMERY SMART GIRL'S

WARDROBE'ATJON FIOWS

IN FINE

Alice Carol

clcssic, b rown, Gabardine shirt- | green, tan, red.

waist 'in blue, 9 to 15 19.98

tan or red.

9 to 15 10.98 so flawlessly classic, you'll love them years from now!

They're fall's first choice for every careerist, every smart college girl! They hold first place in wellplanned wardrobes

because they're so flawlessly classic, so universally becoming, so tirelessly wearable. You'll not only live in them

... after year year season, after season but \ T hourson-end, assures fabrics you that their superb of and the quality

they'll never lose those smart lines you admired so much

Floor the day you bought them.... Deb Shop—Second

R. F. D. shoppers! you too can enjoy wearing smart, quality fashions that will last! open a

ZCMI charge account by mail, let Margot Manners shop for you as wisely as you would for yourself.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1942

WHY

A SUPERB HOTEL LATTERDAY SAINTS CAN AFFORD TO GO

ON MISSIONS

By MONTE L. BEAN

Of the Seattle Stake Presidency

is single financially that grandest the a the mission depressed in the experience that Duringyears the oc1930's, can come into we IN SAN FRANCISCO it people. lives casionally our of the charge had young And

Convenient to business, social, hurled at us that our Church misis the soundest investment we as shopping and theatres. Single sionary system keeps the Mormons parents can make for our children.

broke. I have defended this charge It might, however, startle you to from $4 Double from $6

It is a as before again. members, Church know that and do now

Suites from $10 A generally sacrifices but whole, wrong, have unwarranted, cannot be made no and lower scale of rates for long substantiated by facts. Latterday have actually saved several times the

term occupancy Saints can afford to fill missions and missionary expense just by being should consider it a great honor to be members of the Mormon Church. Do

judged worthy of being called. you know that the average consumpConsider these facts and figures tion of tobacco in the United States

in deciding for yourself whether a is over six and threefourths pounds mission is a financial hardship or not. ( 64 lbs. ) per man, woman, and child

President David O. McKay in the per year? This is equal to approxiMonday morning session of our last mately eight dollars ($8.) per persemi-annual conference presented son per year. There are on record

eight of 1941, hunfigures: as December 31,

eighty ninetytwo dred and thousand HOTEL Therethe followingwere an factsaverageandof twentyEdmond A. Rieder one hundred eighty (2,180) full- (892,080) Church members. The

General Manager time missionaries serving during last tobaccosaving alone, amounts to year. The average expenditure seven million, one hundred thirtyper month was thirtytwo dollars six thousand, six hundred forty doland fifty cents ( $32.50 ). Therefore lars ($7,136,640) to Church memthe spent missionaries bers. amount by TAKE CARE their families for Do you also know that the conand a twelvemonth

States

) cases OF YOUR periodsand twowas hundredeight hundreddollarsfifty($850,-thousumptionis about fiveof beerand ina thehalfUnited( 5

TYPEWRITER 200.aries ) mightThis samehave numberearned ofan missionaverage perfiftycapita,cents averaging($16.50) persixteenpersondollarsper

as Church of members seventyfive dollars Thus we each year. ($75.00) your typewriter! You NEED fifteen of nearly saving have another per the month during year. These the Government, But the armed

dollars per ($15,000,000.) possible earnings milmillion to one amount services, of and manufacturers

is difficult year. It to get authoritalion nine sixtytwo thouhundred supplies war need typewriters

too! sand dollars ($1,962,000) per year. tive figures on other alcoholic beveralcohol, straight whisky, as such ages this, In addition to friends through... all right That's can you

etc., gin, the rum, but combined the organizations contributed ward last typewriters longyour make certainly amount would consumed seventysix thousand hundred two letting er take us of care by beer the of exceed consumption fiftyfive fifty dollars cents and Call today. us them. RoyalOur alone. the us saving to Therefore parties, at farewell ($76,255.50) - trained Royal approved and fifteen at least equal another would etc., for benefit the the of missionwill service typewrityour make dollars million ($15,000,000.). aries. all Accordingly the misof

... ers easier smoother run and

sionaries their saving these families amounts add the and and To and they will require less servicto coffee. on friends spent a Church members total of made two million

ing and fewer repairs. eight hundred eightyeight thousand The national consumption was over

Call us, too, for Roytype ribfour hundred fiftyfive dollars and fifteen (15) pounds per capita last bons and carbon paper—made fifty cents ($2,888,455.50) for misyear or about four dollars fifty cents

and guaranteed by the Royal sionary work last year. ( May Era, ($4.50) per person. This saving

Typewriter Company. p. 296) amounts to over four million dollars

The above impressive amount ($4,000,000.) and doesn't include

Royal Typewriter might be considered a formidable tea.

figure to the outside world. HowThe above savings to members of

if it were ten times that amount the Mormon Church totaling over Company, Inc. ever,

169 East 3rd South Dial Phone 4-3525 it would be as willingly and gracforty million dollars practically

Salt Lake City, Utah iously expended by Latterday dwarf the missionary expenditures

Saints. Again may I remind you {Concluded on page 647)

Photograph by feano Orlando*

J>ohsuvsdL, SuwunsA*

By EDNA S. DUSTIN

T-L he Sun cupped his chin on the mountain sill

And watched aging Summer descend the hill.

With her stooped shoulders wrapped in a paisley shawl,

She stalked sedgy swamps where the wild geese call.

e watched her enter the garden gate H

And pause to rest, so he did not wait

As he knew she would lazily doze for hours,

Her starched apron brimming with bright autumn flowers.

OLD TESTAMENT

QuhioAiiisA.

1. In the Bible account, where was

the voice of God first heard by human ear? 2. In what city was a fortyday fast

proclaimed?

3. What is illustrated by a dish

wiped and turned upside down?

4. What Bible city was known as

the city of palm trees?

5. What city was destroyed and, according to prophecy, never again inhabited?

6. Where is it recorded that Israel

was to be God's chosen people forever?

7. At what seaport town was assembled the largest navy of Bible

times? 8. What city, for its beauty, was

once known as "the glory or kingdoms"?

9. What reward does the Bible

promise a man diligent in business?

10. What is a nation's glory?

Pity the poor man 11. On what mountain was Solobuilt? temple mon's who's forgotten what a white conquered city became a 12. What

shirt really looks like. And pity field of salt?

the washes wife who (Jerusalem) 'halfway'soap. with a lazy \ called13. Whythe Citywasof David?Zion laundry

What a difference FelsNaptha's two 14. What mountain was purchased

by a king of Israel upon which to build thorough cleaners make in homes like this. a city?

No grease or grime can be ground in too deep 15. On what mountain was a blessfor gentle naptha and golden soap to reach and ing for obedience promised upon the

loosen. No garments need be ruined by rubbing children(Answersof Israel?will be found on page 647)

when this 'team'is there to whisk the dirt away.

If you've been struggling through washday with weak, 'halfway'soap, it's high time BAD BUSINESS you changed to golden FelsNaptha. Then you'll "The brewers 'sampling at customsee clothes completely clean and sweet. Shirts ers'expense'plan with which the war

and linens gloriously white. No more aching departmentcomplice,"sayshas unwittinglythe AmericanbeenBusinessan acarms and back and, if you use husky Men's Research Foundation, "is proceeding according to plan."

FelsNaptha Chips, no sneezing—positively The plan, as officially announced by

the brewers, is a means "to cultivate a taste for beer in the millions of young result- (and in (army) Next washday men ing ) eventually incamps"—these soldiers'becomdo your wash ingof population.the largest beerconsuming section

the FelsNaptha way. moreLastbarrelsyear ofan beeraverageper monthof 400,000were

sold as compared with the year 1940.

This year the rate of increase has been 649,119 barrels a month, from

January 1 to May 30 inclusive.

No attempt has been made by officials to ascertain how many of the inductees are total abstainers or how long they continue to be under the "open beer barrel"policy of our camps.

The general public reaction, however favorable the plan seems to the brewers, has been decidedly negative.

The most important indication has been the spectacular increase in petitions favoring restriction of sale now flooding both nouses of Congress.

Wilis EdrtorsTaqe

SsunhmoL SsuwumA.

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

in towill to of conthe of regard rush without is a world heaven our Father us all Let do

It that all forThissequences. of will the seems prepared then duty be day, weak who are and we

must stand aside and give room for the tomorrow, and also prepared for the eternities to strong. There is nothing that is more pleasing to come. Never forget that it is the pearl of great

me than to contemplate the fact that we are all price—life eternal—for which we are working.

going to a place where true worth and honesty are * * * all that will count in the day of reward. Those who I plead with you all never to allow yourselves to

in this world seem to have all things their own way fall into the error of measuring the blessings of will be under the necessity of selecting a rear seat our Father in heaven by the financial success or in that day. * * * failure which may come to you. It has been said

that God must have supreme contempt for wealth, can, as nation against turn plan the a nation, No judging by many of those whom He allows to have it is lifeof offered to her people and salvation when it in great abundance.

and continue to prosper. * * *

* * * We have eternal souls to save and only those

Above all things on this earth I desire the adwho shall save their souls shall be counted successvancement of God's kingdom, and I sincerely hope ful when the Lord makes up His jewels.

and pray this desire may always fill my heart. * * *

* * * My faith is such that I could lay down all that I

I do try to feel another's pain, and to aid all possess sooner than ever depart from the Latterday that I can to lessen it, and I pray to God that my work. I value all things as nothing in comparison

feelings in this particular may never change. with having the Spirit of God to guide me.

My experience is that faith is really a gift of God I have personally had sufficient experience to and that men who have sufficient faith to trust in know that many times the very things that to me

God come out of difficulties financial and otherwise seem most hard and contrary to justice and. reason,

in a most miraculous way. have, in the course of time, proved highly satis-

* * * factory and of great value.

Wealth, knowledge, everything gained is of no * * * more value than a soap bubble if there is not a Some of the best educated men and women I foundation upon which to build a moral and honest have ever known have been those who have had character. * * but little chance to go to school. Life is an educais, orthe in get an education can we tion—that Never forget that the true way to be happy is to life learn go as of from books dinary affairs and we

do something to add to others'happiness. Try to along. Schools are all right, but to learn to do

forget self, and joy here and hereafter will come what is right and to love and serve the Lord is the to you. * * * one great object for which we have come on this

Home is not a house, no matter how large or earth. * * *

how grand it may be, but home is where love and Hardships develop men, communities, and naforerunners of decay the success and easecontentment dwell, and to the Saints where the tions; are''

* and failure. tgood Spirit dwells.

* * * If we as Latterday Saints will do our duty in

Neither business nor politics brings the happiregard to temple work, we will accomplish all the ness that one and all experience in laboring for the Lord desires we should accomplish, and what we good of their fellows, and in trying to bring souls are unable to accomplish ourselves He will cause to a knowledge of the truth. even the enemies of His work to accomplish for us.

Never make a dollar that you do not pay the There is no work on earth so grand and glorious

Lord His share of it, and be liberal with your offeror that will bring the same reward not only in this ings to the poor, and in all good works, and you life but in the life to come, as laboring for the salwill be happy and God will bless you. vation of souls.

SAM BRANNAN

AND THE MORMONS N EARLY CALIFORNIA

EDITOR'S NOTE **7V lthoughBailey, theonlyauthora youngof thisman,historicPaul By PAUL BAILEY al study, to be serialized in the pages of the Era, already has two published books the deepest bonds of sympathetic inThis For to hisMycredit:Glory,Typethe Highlatterandof

which was on the M. I. A. reading terest. To that great state, Morcourse for 194142. monism acknowledges a peculiar

Paul Bailey has evidenced that he debt of gratitude. And, conversestuff the has of great which writers ly, in fingers the Saints had more

for be made, can indefatigable he is an historical California's pie than most researcher reviser. painstaking and a

In addition to his writing, which he people are even remotely aware.

declares he cannot let alone, he is A discerning probe of California known on the Pacific Coast as an exlore will reveal how singularly impert in advertising trade typoand portant are the parts which Mormons graphy. the father of He is married,

two fine sons, and an active elder in have played in the drama of the PaciGarvanza Ward, Los Angeles. fic slope. Our people witnessed the

first American flag over Yerba Buena. Our Battalion boys built the SAMUEL BRANNAN.

first flagpole in Pueblo de Los An-

I geles the it with Stars and draped PART SOULE'S OF SAN "ANNALS WOODCUT FROM

FRANCISCO,"COLLECTION, INGERSOLL COURStripes. 1 Earliest and AngloSaxon LIBRARY. PUBLIC LOS ANGELES along the southwestflag colonizers theSprawled under were TESY new

ern coast of North America lies Mormons. Mormon picks laid bare

fabulously a favored rich and into the plunged gold which that land. of a world trust or No betrayal earth.strip of both summered A land delirious the of 1 849. frenzy insidious chicanery It was darkened have

coveted and lauded in superlatives Mormons who changed the ranchos'the record. California has always

from the galleon days of Cabrillo idle acres to the richest agricultural been a friendly refuge.

latest dolthe of to fulminationdown in section the world. the day From in of the story But Mormonism inlarbaiting of chambers commerce to forgotten California ceased be a California, interest of while utmost cities. its rich present of oneany One indolent province of Mexico and is least the importance, perhaps beand Californian, truebasic pride to any this part of every a came all historical the of understood nation—in lure to confirmed deathless aand its the to present of step growth rise the connected phases with and is state's that and amazingromantics, disSaints played Latterday have in of the America. growth Church hisfont of inexhaustibleseemingly parts. tinguished noble and in turbulent beginnings The New Inlore.toric breechclothed From

dian to Spanish grandee, from swagIn return, California has ever been York, Ohio, Missouri, and Illinois;

gering argonaut down to the latest to our people a tolerant friend. No the epic plains journey to Utah; the

movie premiere, there can be no place, outside of Utah, or the cradle Church's march to destiny in the denying the pulsing glamor of that of its restoration, does Mormonism valley of the Great Salt Lake; all

land. hold more sacred in recollection than these have become a familiar and

Pacific. of the slopes broad Callaudatory exthe the have fattened on Books

first receive ifornia to the Morwas We knowpartthem,of Mormonthe worldheritage.knowsploits FreStockton, of Kearny, and mon expatriates from the eastern exthem, and we can lift heads proudlymont and their deedsof-arms which

gave California to the American repulsion, and was early to provide a and unashamed in the recital of our public. Exciting are the tales of redwelcome haven to those destitute past. And yet neglected, almost

lie sufferers in the obscurity, of the name of religion. some doomed to the grubbedshirted miners who

reof book pages in our Saints have brightest Latterday Wherever in country lode ofearth the mothersearch of wealth. Even to those chosen to sojourn—Utah not exmembrance.prosaic but essential folk who turned cepted—the record of intolerance

its rich soil to the husbandry of men, and open persecution seems to have /\N March 7, 1835, one hundred has come a deserved measure of repeated itself. Apparently only in Mormon laborers knelt beside

praise. No thinking mortal can fail one spot have Mormons lived and the unfinished walls of the Kirtland

to acknowledge the beauty, the herobeen permitted to work out their Temple, to receive a blessing from ism, the color of any part of the gloripeculiar pattern of life unmolested the Prophet Joseph Smith in acunselfish labof their its relaIn is California. knowledgment that and great of ourous drama west—least of the first house ors in constructing Saints, Latterday tions with no instruwereof all Mormons, who

mental in writing much of it. In the black pages of persecution or viothe Lord in this dispensation. 2

mutual affairs both of California and lence have ever been written against Among those hornyhanded toilers the Latterday Saints, there stand *La Reina, Los Angeles in Three Centuries, p. 41. Journal History, March 7, 1835.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1942

was a lad of fourteen, with wavy lapsed for want of support; Thomas Patriarch had suffered brutal marblack hair and brooding eyes. He died of yellow fever; and Samuel fled tyrdom at the hands of a mob. Close

was young Samuel Brannan, from the scene of his double tragedy. on the heels of this tragic disclosure

the nearby town of Painesville, In New York City the wandering came news that Samuel Brannan and

Ohio, and but recently from Saco, printer employed his talents and William Smith had been disfellowMaine. turned his energies toward the shipped from the Church.*

Two years previously Samuel had Church. There his practical eyes Smarting under this abrupt fall

come to Ohio with his elder sister, saw immediate need for a periodical from grace, Samuel Brannan reMary Ann, and her husband. His devoted to Mormon interests. Wilsolved to answer charges by a perbrother-inlaw had taken up a ferliam Smith, brother of the Prophet, sonal visit to Nauvoo. On May 23,

tile homestead in the booming region then on a mission to the New Eng- 1 845, he presented himself before the fronting the south margin of Lake land states, concurred with Samuel's Council with5 fervid plea for reconErie. Samuel had heard the magviews, and the two of them traveled sideration. Conscious of his eternal

netic voice of Joseph Smith crying through the eastern churches solicitloss, he begged most desperately for tidings of the Restoration in that ing financial aid for The Prophet, a a return of his rights and standing as wilderness. Against many pleadings folio, to be published in New York. a true Latterday Saint.

he had taken up Mormonism. William Smith, to an unfortunate The position of the Twelve at that

As was the custom of those who degree, lacked the stalwart qualities time was by no means comfortable.

would learn a trade, Samuel was of his brothers, Joseph and Hyrum. Saints were being driven frantic by

bound out to the town printer of Samuel Brannan likewise possessed mob acts, and the worried leaders

Painesville as an apprentice. But, certain weaknesses of character were faced with the problems of comwhenever time allowed, he journeyed which, uncurbed, could only lead to pleting the Nauvoo Temple and acthe few miles to Kirtland to fling his disaster. In their tour of New Encomplishing a wholesale evacuation

strong, young muscles into the thrillgland, both young men were guilty of the Church from Hancock Couning task of building the great temple of acts and indiscreet utterances ty. In the midst of such worry and

rising in the Prophet's town. which brought down upon their travail, they found both the time and

Little did this darkeyed neophyte, heads a deserved, rebuke from Wilheart to temper justice with mercy.

kneeling to a prophet's blessing, ford Woodruff, who at the time was With true Christian charity, Samuel realize the exciting page of history sojourning in New York preparatory Brannan was reinstated to fellowhe some day would write for his to his mission to the British Isles. In ship as an elder in the service of the

Church on the legendary shores of several revealing letters Apostle Church.

the Pacific. Little did he know that Woodruff specifically made charges With renewal of faith, his talents

the destiny of his own acts would to the Council against the two men.* again were enlisted to the cause. He

bless and bruise the cause to which Wilford Woodruff sailed to Euwas to return to New York. In place

he now rendered such commendable rope; William Smith returned to of The Prophet, now suspended, he

faith and homage. Nauvoo; and Parley P. Pratt arrived was to establish a new periodical,

in New York. Samuel Brannan's devoted to the interests of the

Tn early manhood Samuel Brannan publishing venture at last comChurch and those Saints in the east.

purchased his time as an apprenmenced to bear fruit. Under sponThe name chosen for this new ventice, and turned his abilities as joursorship of Apostle Pratt, a press was ture was The Messenger.

neyman printer to the fulfilment of a installed at No. 7 Spruce Street, and Humbled by his experience, rich

restless. ambition for travel. At Insoon was issuing The Prophet. in the spirit of his new charge, Sam-

( Continued on page 663—anddianapolisfailed.he promotedIn New a Orleansnewspaperhe er, When,all thingsto theseemedjaunty resolvedyoung printinto uel Brannan hurried eastward. On

his brother, Apriljoined *Ibid.. and Thomas, serenity, peace and from Nauvoo

*Ibid., May. 10.23, 1845.1845. publication a ofthere commenced that the Prophet and the came word

literary weekly. Misfortune stalked 3See letters extenso, Journal History, Oct. 9, 22. THETHE NEW"BROOKLYN"YORK CITYSAILEDWATERFRONTFOR CALIFORNIAABOUT THE WITHTIME

him there as well. His weekly colDec. 3, 1844. SAM BRANNAN AND TWO HUNDRED THIRTYEIGHT

SAINTS ABOARD.

-A*

?||pg|te

:.;--::.:'"—.V- ""> -:.:

A NOBLE

OUTLAW

it were possible for us to take through the motion of making of the lengthening chainIF hold 1936, on April 30, when of By amends the centuries into the and walk expulyears after the three hundred cloudy past to a period of time hundred years behold ago we would three CHARLES A. CALLIS sion,approvedthe following resolution was

a tragic drama being enacted in MasOf the Council of the Twelve ACTS AND RESOLVES OF MASSAsachusetts. The chief;actor on that Photographs by William H. Reeder, Jr., CHUSETTS, 1936, Chapter XI, page 610.

part of the world's stage was Roger President of the New England States Resolve providing for the revocation of

Williams, and he played a noble Mission the sentence of expulsion of Roger Wilpart....! liams passed by the General Court of MasRoger Williams was born in sachusetts Bay Colony in sixteen hundred

Wales about 1600. He was the andResolved,thirtyfive.That, in so far as it is confounder of Rhode Island, in which stitutionally competent for the General

colony he died, probably in March Court f legislature] to revoke the sentence or April, 1684. The Narragansett of expulsion passed against Roger Williams

of Massachusetts the General Court BayIndians trusted this statesmancol- by sixteen and in the hundred year Colony onist as their friend. Mr. Williams thirtyfive, the same is hereby revoked.

founded the first Baptist church in Approved April 30, 1936.

America. He was a fearless and able Of course in the minds of the enadvocate of religious toleration, freelightened, religious, libertyloving

of consciencedom and religious libpeople in New England the decree erty, truly a great and a good man.

In thevyear 1635, Roger Williams..:.:'ROGER WILLIAMS SPRING

Providence, where he founded a religious society said to be the oldest church of the Baptist denomination in America.

Mr. Williams, however, continued

to be its pastor for only four years when he withdrew, not only from his official relations but also ceased any longer to worship with his brethren, having come to the conclusion that there was... no regularly constituted church on

earth, nor any person authorized to administer any church ordinance; nor could there

be, until new apostles were sent by the great head of the church for whose coming he was seeking.1

A decade ago one of the biographers of Roger Williams wrote:

Yet to this day he stands as an outlaw

ROGER WILLIAMS MONUMENT in Massachusetts, the decree of banishment never having been repealed. ROGER WILLIAMS CHURCH

however, went Bay State, The old at Salem. a minister The Maswas of banishment had been annulled for

it Picturesque America, thought pp. 494502.sachusetts Colony Bay generations.

necessary to banish him out of their CAPITOL WITH WILLIAMS'STATUE ON DOME In the spirit world, where the Godhis church ofjurisdiction views "as in find continuing given powers man fantastic notionsgovernment and in work, JjgfrjUjia expression must holy Roger reof conscience and freedomabout this legislasmiled tardy have when as unliberty regardedligious were tive vindication him. given was

scriptural and dangerous."Time and God give just judgment.

Roger was banished and ordered In its ceaseless and undeviating to leave the colony. The exiled man course this infallible judgment vinfound his way on foot to the Seedicates the wronged and misunderkonk Plains where he passed the stood of the yesterdays. The seal

winter with the Indians. of approbation replaces the act of

A few months later he, with five condemnation. The exile of the long

companions, crossed the Seekonk centuries is given a niche in the

River in a log canoe and landed in Temple of Fame.

a )

JfaL OFFCOLOR STORY TTn informal speaker before a miles there; three thousand miles

usually of can men -L all f-\JL groupsilence competitive, overBy EARL J. GLADE back,TheforMasterthat! Whatof Ceremoniesa letdown!"indicatthe-table chatter merely by

president, Salt past Immediate Lake is tell story. that to ing a about he of gathering organan At a recent presipast Commerce; Chamber of inexplicable reason, one For some city, ization in certain a western dent, Salt Rotary Lake Club is offthis to that story senses be practically prothe every on member

color. It seems almost incredible gram was introduced by the presidthat there could be such an interest ing officer with an offcolor story

in this Rabelaisian buncombe and, that had no relevance in the world to yet, it is almost everywhere to be obwhat or to whom he was presenting.

served. Nothing could have been more

Happily, most of the important foreign to the program material. Yet

service clubs of the country, at least the person in charge thought he had inferentially, have put their respecdone a masterful job, and I presume felt tive memberships on notice that lowsome of those who attended brow sex stuff is not in order. There that a presiding officer should work

is a great natural interest in sex. In that way.

one phase or another, it is possibly In the audience were several boys the subject of more frequent discusabout.thirteen years of age. They

sion than any other thing. Unfortuevidently were from homes 6f culnately the very word itself, speaking ture and refinement. They could not

generally, seems to have a negative believe their ears..

connotation. This master of ceremonies dip! not

content himself by getting down into

The Trend theholegutter.cover andNo, slidhe priedrihtupdownthe maninto

The following episode indicates the sewer.

the interesttrend among certain Once or twice he tried to swerve groups of Americans: over to the sublime, but it would not

work. The audience had his number

There was within the last month and could not hear what he was tryan incident of a west coast salesman ing to say, as his other stuff was still who attended in New York a nationsloshing around in their ears:

al convention at which many imporIt is well to remember that it does

Tf there is an ailment for which there should be a permanent quarantine, IT is surely that form of hoof and mouth disease which seems to

MAKE IT IMPOSSIBLE FOR SOME PEOPLE TO DISTINGUISH BETWEEN HUMOR AND

VULGARITY.

tant business men were present. His Although no time restrictions were not take skill to tell a sex story; any

duty was to bring back a report of placed on the guest, apparently the lowbrow can do it. However, a

the gathering to his associates at only tangible item he could recall clean, clever anecdote, brilliantly home. from this threeday convention was presented, can be infinitely funnier;

sex a listened a blur. to without rest was appreit can be story. The after the conwestbound, En route

speaker, to hension, however, seemed both told The and and it can be off to vention, stop he was invited and address the Salt Lake City chapfeel that he had been very observant. heard with enjoyment and delight.

Fortunately, balance the the of to ter national exgroup of this and local Will Rogers Pointed the Way visitso the program was good that plain that features the been had stressed. This program number was or's faux pas was completely buried. Contemplate the fondness with

extensively publicized by the Utah After the meeting the general sales which Will Rogers is remembered.

organization. manager of a great electric house Will was the American who could

was overheard to remark to one of "lay 'em in the aisles"and still be as

Came the eventful evening—the local members: "Don't kid yourclean as a new pin. No one ever wonderful dinner—a splendid group self. You were not the only one who accused him of being effeminate. No

of men. nearly passed out. Three thousand {Continued on page 661

WHAT OTHERS THINK

By J. ORVAL ELLSWORTH, Ph.D.

Dean of Commerce, Texas Technological College,

Lubbock, Texas, and 1941 Summer Term Professor of Economics at Brigham Young University.

do qualified people whoW.hatare on the outside really 11

think of the Mormons? Most memwad AomjL fwJVA. ihsL qifttuL. qx

bers of the Church have pondered over this question. Most of what Jo msl ojuamLl oa, iihsuidu aml juUu!

we hear is complimentary. Some

people would naturally hesitate to express their real opinions were it been arranged for the purpose of ago had general recognition as an excepother than favorable. As a result identification and is available. tionalprobablygrouptheofpersecutionpeople. Onwhichthe otherthe hand,early

we are prone to conclude that we The characteristics considered as Mormons suffered as a result of their belief are the best people on earth, and in liabilities will be given first, followed and practice of plural marriage resulted us there is no guile. Upon second by the assets. in making them the selected group of courthought we know we are not perfect ageouswere. and(No. determined4) people which they

and that improvement is possible Liabilities of the Mormons only if we know our liabilities and Comment: Those of us whose

limitations. consider a liability... their apparent grandparents lived in polygamy un-

I of the to respect credulity with Book desire to the unknow A sincere faith, quality comof the derstand it is that they possible course Of Mormon. reopinions people other biased of obligareligious devotion, plete and their economic developed not have the suggested garding Mormons lived, it tion with they which not and we degree a wouldvirtues high to such were a

brief study of the subject. A perfor the inspiration which they derived from admire their courage, sacrifice, and

of the letter of reverent Mormon. written reading to nationally sonal a Book was Plural marriage conviction. was

to inclined true, If be I should that were lecscientists, educators, and known early eneused excuse by mostly an their apparent called justify what have to turers were known who in attempt the an mies of Church convinced I credulity. however, Iamhavenot,

taken part as faculty members of that it is impossible to develop and retain to justify their acts in the campaign the various summer schools held in these economic virtues on some other basis. of Satan to destroy the restored

Utah. Replies were received from (No. 1) gospel of Jesus Christ and His

inquiries. twentyfive such

influence of Comment: The author of the Priesthood. possible To avoid any

bias, a colleague of the writer of this above statement refers to the ac- I am puzzled to understand how peojust as described such (See quo- I have of the ple, of the authenticity ceptance inquiries. In the article the signed tation assets) 5 to under can cling and without socalled Book of Mormon said: writer no "I have letter, the tradition the to profess believe to relative affiliation with the Mormon adequate external evidence. We the origin of their religion. (No. 5.)

Church."The following questions can readily catch his point of view.

were asked: The circumstances associated with Comment: Without the "tradithe appearance and mission of tion"and faith in the origin of the

the most you consider two What do only understood can be Moroni of Latterday of Jesus Christ by Church characteristics outstanding of the Mormon him.""Spirit of the which is in God it to us, Saints as Smith gave Joseph people:

First, the trait which you regard as an The acceptance of the story of Jowe would have no Church, for truly asset, or which reacts to their advantage. seph Smith and the Book of Mormon it would then rank as a colossal fraud

the regard Second, trait which you as a is at heart of the very Mormonism could reasonable person no which liability, their to reacts disador which it there without be no would and restoration accept. of the gosThe reflects their vantage, which and weakness.

The foregoing may be considered from such group of people. The "ecopel cannot be understood by man's

a moral, intellectual, spiritual, or physical nomic virtues"were the fruits of limited reason alone. Faith, resultstandpoint. persecution, faith, and devotion reing from genuine prayer, makes

sulting from the genuine conviction Mormonism reasonable.

The replies have been compiled of the truthfulness of the message.

and exact quotations used. Some of First, their cultural isolation, partly geoof influence the to partly graphic and due still liability they only have quoted; to which the writers asked not The be

their ecosevere the hierarchy; second, the is of struggle against the recollection are used. hence, names The to no the imposes burden Church nomic which given marriage, practice of plural which was quotations following the numbers its 6 members. (No. upon ) If it 1895. had I understand, up, about

refer to the number of the author of not been for the chance introduction of the statement, a list of which has polygamy, the Mormons would have long Comment: The author of this

OF THE MORMONS

those who are educated, but the rank and file are apparently very docile and are blessings of God and pray for wistherefore easily managed by a Church which in its them control over exercises apparently for the wealth administer to dom manner. vigorous and of pronounced rather the absence to a refers statement all Active members people. of good is exerthis authority that I say not would practices of nominathe democratic themselves to concern time not have peoof the detriment the to greatly cised leaders so comof tion and election unfortuit is wealth the always as that I problems with believe yet, of ple, such

mon to many groups. He did not the Church. nate in a democratic country for people with

understand the accepted function of minds of their own to be subservient to auinspiration, prayer, complete devoConservatism is one of their weaknesses. thority. They should rather take part in

tion, and usually personal sacrifice (No. 10) the(No.government14.) and help shape the plans.

associated with positions in the believe wisdom Comment: We Priestof the function Church. The the of authority The Comment: in doubt act to dictates not when canin its leadership place and hood acting with only to do has Priesthood principles the to that adherence and parnot one understood not be by service, love, of in matters for servto His God revealed has which God in it. ticipating Church any kindness. charity, salvation When the for sufficient are ants tithing of burden""economic The personal for position his uses leader truth additional all men. of When etc., buildings, for contributions and the of disadvantage the to or gain is Priesthood, members the given by those is who by burden a not termed of authority the to pracgroup "Amen will accept and of the Church in the Church. part active take an as exercised Authority that man."it. tice to only are burdens payments Such in only result it can intended was

those who do not pay them. The prejudice existing regarding polygincreased joy and happiness.

feeling to harbor a of us causes many amy in closely their too Church follow pracis They this being of that perhaps some charoutstanding the side, liability the On protheir for politics, be own which may the it and is against law yet, although ticed easy to be their acteristic to me seems for separation tection, not it does make but (No. it 11) is the Mormons. denied by faith. of matters to regard with credulity desirable is state most which and of church aside as is, perhaps, dead the for Baptism this (No. in country. 8)

: of to the Morconviction the of Book True acceptance Comment the from

itself, the clearest instance. (No. 16) Comment: The great majority of principles of the gospel as we undermon

honesty and stand them demands heard never have members Church Elijah of Spirit The Comment: truthfulness. genuine member No leaders politics Church by mentioned those who understood by only be can dishonest could of be the Church utilize the to urgence as except an dead. for the in the work participate than relative to more any polygamy Governors possess. franchise we to comnot wish do people who his neighbor. steal To from could he only not included have of Utah temples, the of function the prehend

albut Republicans Democrats and all fundamennearly are primThe Mormons is naturally a the for dead work ridicutalists point of view so a Catholic and a Jew. and from my I feel itive superstition. at time superstitious; lously the same

to living for credit up give in them defect outstanding one must of Mormonism, The chief their point out to ask me Since you lights. their is the the opinion, (No. of 13) exceeding wealth my narrowselect I would I think liability,

is, it Church. knows, wealthy nobody How hundred one be cannot mindedness. They I found nagging knows, but no a Mormon If "fundathe term Comment: the at same and in believers dogma percent it curiosity in the everywhere about Rocky they is therefore free; to one mentalist"used intellectually who mean time be States. hierarchy Mountain Church The matters in such to backward be inclined are literally, cerscripture accepts we is visible representative the earth Church on not be to attitude seems Their science. as lives invisible the in Father heaven, of responsour tainly Church know God indifferent. merely as antagonistic so much ible last in the analysis spiritual to the only is that Christ; the that Jesus He and their of tenets the with it If disagrees time commonwealth and above and beyond will still see them. that again lives to interest of and to we no be it faith, seems in eternity. question the only mind The

all definitely 19) (No. accept God Him. this belief of We about fundamental Mormons

concerns the wealth of the Church on earth. has revealed, all that He is now re-

I can well imagine that sooner or later the vealing, and believe that in the fuComment: All truth discovered

will of exceeding the wealth Church of part as is accepted science inspiration will and by give deture He conflicts jealousies within. velop But and the of part is a hence, system; earth. God's to Church on the His guidance that is course. of only (No. a guess, 9) than greater part can be gospel. spirrelative to No Definite knowledge

Comment: The Church of Jesus itual subjects may well seem superthe whole. This concept may acChrist of Latterday Saints was restitious to one who has not undercount for what may seem inadequate

instituted by the Master for the good stood. enthusiasm for new processes and

of the people. The property of the new discoveries, and especially for

faith their to leads adherence Their theories and changing a improved of to the belongs Church members to in authority great accept of them many opinion. their It is for the group. use. True childlike a rather primitive manner. and

members delight in the physical For the most part, this hardly applies to (Continued on page 665) fMtttf l&t A* iia ri Different from THIS DAY By SAMUEL BURKE

of those grand old giants! The oakhere!"He showed her a slip of yelbrush still russet, the aspens turning low paper.

ripe, ninety a gold. JLw,WO hundred Doesn't deep that makepounds of professorialT energy surged to write you want a poem?"He drawings"K. E. A.of hasEarlboughtBartram'sthose thatrodeo1

thethrough door of the journalism out his thick threw arms toward 'em. the sent Find big buckEarl—thatoffice. off his professor threw mountains. The I cannot ''O World, tickled aroo to death. will be Find

wide overcoat with a swirl that sent hold thee close enough!'Earl!"

flying in table thenewspapers from "I've never written a poem,"said "I heard Earl was quitting school, littlethe of the middle room. He complacently. Martha said Martha.flung the tentlike his garment and

big black felt hat on a hook in the "You haven't?"The professor's "Then hurry up!"roared the proeyes widened. a morning "On puffing,corner, then himgray he lowered fessor. let him go back "We can't

like this there's to nothingself into the swivel chair at his desk. finishing school. do but without him Hunt

"Martha!"he boomed at the stenwrite a poem."He threw back his up!

massive shoulders pro- a and drew inner at theographer appeared who the scurried proMartha out, and if I feel "I digious breath. as could isdoor. "This an important mornfessor In a went on searching. mowrite I'm going today. back a poeming!

into those red and gold mountains ment she returned.

"Good find me, and "He doesn't have a phone."a call There's morning,"from—-"she said. write!"where nobody can

"This is a significant morning for "Well, go find him then."

editor the "But, Professor, the of literature,"the interruptedAmerican "Leave the office? You'll be bothcalled. edithat Journal wants Heprofessor. what day "Do you know a lot."torial street the about paving by eredthis is?"

noon.""You find Earl. He's out of mon-

"No."rascal take wouldn't young ey—the his eyes, professor closed The birthday.""This is my A large a quit time. he any may loan—and his bald, clapped a bronzed on hand hisgrin parted round, sunbrowned find here.'bring him him and You

1 head, groaned. "I know. and fiftyface. old.""I'm summers off. his hurried She elbowed He him."promised

"Oh!"she smiled, "really? Why, way through the masses of papers

many happy returns... I was just He lowered himself into his chair and envelopes, now and then hurlinggoing to say, you had a call—slowly. "I made some notes for that. circulars, pamphlets, and empty en-

I do with 'em? Here, help velopes in the general direction of "Yes, I'm fifty, and I'm turning What'd

over a new leaf. Today I really me look."the wastebasket. Out of the heterbegin to produce. So if that memo Both began to dig and peer among ogeneous piles he sifted some letters,

you've got there has on it any invithe piles of papers, folders, and letsome new journalism books, some tations to talk to women's clubs or ters on his desk. photographs of Indians and mounwriters'leagues, or if it has any ap- "Sometimes I try to straighten up tains, an etching of a cowboy riding

pointments with young authors, you your desk,"apologized Martha, a bucking horse, a silver ring sent can just file it neatly in File One!""but there's such a flood of things him by a Navajo friend, and some

"File One?"She put her head on comes in with every mail, and people manuscripts sent him for criticism.

one side. keep bringing in things, and there But he laid all these to one side, and

"Yes, the wastebasket!"He are never two things alike."swung his swivel chair to a typelaughed deeply, the laugh going over writer on a stand beside his desk.

into the sheet a paper put of maHe waves. suddenlyhim in stopped He professor heaved Ihe typed, chine Last Wilderand "The seriously, said "Martha!and Have in his chair with an unhimself back ness."at the looked mountainsyou in his hand. envelope this opened small, a door opened and Themorning?"

did this come?"plump coed looked in, smiling. "Yes. Why?""Hello—when

"Look—theThe professorfirst snowgot onuptheheavily.mounThe"I don'tprofessorknow."tore it open. "Oh up "Comeand bowedin!"hewithboomed.ponderousHe stoodgaltains, putting white hair on the heads boy, oh boy!"he shouted. "Look lantry, towering over her like a tree.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1942

"Professor, I wonder if you will some drybrush drawings bought by kled with boyish delight. "Good!

help us?"K. E. A."I'll surprise him. He won't have to

gets this."he He patup, he found he hung anleave—when When "Who are you?"he grinned.

let's pocket. ted his breast "Now at his other elbow, student a boy.

"I'm Eunice Hanks, vice presi- "We're waiting for you,"reproachget that streetpaving thing off our dent of the sophomore class. We're ed the boy. chests."

getting up a steakbake at Wildwood, and we want you to tell stories on "Waiting for what?"rumbled the Heaving himself ponderously back

a bonfire program."professor, discontentedly pulling the in his creaking chair and staring at

incipient poem out of the typewriter. the ceiling, the professor began to

his head. professor shook The dictate. "Class Weekly."The Country sorry,"I'm awfully somebut I have

professor's eyebrows went ''Alton has outgrown its village The thatthing evening."on

"But you don't know when it is!"up, filling his broad forehead with clothes. Being a young and promshe smiled mischievously. "We wrinkles. "Is it time for that?"He ising

just decided!"dipped into a vest pocket and pulled The phone rang and Martha

like that out looked a watch it "It's Press. the a fivepicked up. They his professor head threw back The dollar piece the swelling against gold to the have book want if you know his his confession, laughedand his of stomach. chest expanse and

to for views ready them of campus his shoulopening widelymouth andders shaking. "That's right—I'll come right print."

down.""You were just trying to get out "Gosh!"the professor lurched

of it,"she shook her head reprovingforward, "Didn't you send that

JTifty minutes later a depstuff over to them?"

"That's right."utation of two business men am- "I can't remember your ever giv-

"But you've just got to. All the ing it to me,"Martha defended.

officers entertainment the comand ismittee there agreed nobody like EDITOR'S NOTE dummy"I guessfor I itdidn't.somewhere,But I'veandgotthea telling stories. for Indianyou And copy."loved, of the best sought mostafter your ONE

into after persons has come whoa real He pawed about in the material Apache storiesdance—awe're goingwar dance!"to have of the circle acquaintance our was

"An Apache? Where did you get Harrison R. Merrill, teacher, editor, on his desk again, Martha stemming

him?"writer, story teller, and, above all, small avalanches of papers and

friend. sliding magazines from rummaged It just the in Alton! was "Here Merrill's diverBased on Professor piles. Finally they found the copy thing. sifiedluckiest interests, this in going through the author He was

town in an old, old wreck of a car, imaginary story has captured in the with the photographs folded inside, to but continued of no dummy. They the character professor of the much of it broke down.and the boys One

geniality, friendliness, the the ability search, to the shelves on going now to fromwho's Arizona happened that to Merrill R. endeared Harrison the wall. him, him found camping andknow those him. knew who

down by the river.""Look!"said Martha. She held

"I'll be there,"agreed the profesup some typewritten sheets.

sor. "I want to powwow with him."bushed him as he came from his "That's not it,"he said.

"It'll be on the twelfth—now, classroom in a gush of students. "It's that novel you started last

don't forget,"she admonished, shak- "We've come to take you to Kimonth."

ing a finger at him. "I'm going to wanis,"they grinned jovially, shakThe professor took the sheets and

tell them you've promised; they'll all ing his hand. "Got a surprise for seated himself at his desk again.

be tickled."you, too! Our speaker just phoned "You know,"he said, "I thought

"Tell them I like my steaks two he had to cancel because of trouble this was going to be the great Rocky inches thick!"he called after her. He in his company. And we thought Mountain novel... It reads pretty

seated himself again at the typewritwe'd see if you'd do some pinchbad now, but I still think I can make er. "Where the red canyon opens hitting."something of it."He cleared a spacelike the mouth—"On five minutes'notice?"the on his desk and began to revise with

Then the phone burred. It was professor frowned. a thickleaded pencil that looked like

the editor of the Journal. "You're the only one that could a straw in his fist.

"Say, can I get that editorial todo it!""The Press said they had to have

day?""What'll I talk about?"that material right away,"reminded

"I'm working on it,"said the pro- * * * Martha.

fessor. "All right. Take these photoafter lunch, back Hurrying stuff the graphs over to them."and I it'll "If can use it tomorrow, at professor Martha, "Did boomed the "But dummy?"is right. in just electioncome The find Earl?"youTuesday, and we're doing everyHe sighed lengthily. "I'll make

thing we can. I'm going to set it in "Yes, he can't come until five another."He hunched over the desk

he's packing."in hisfourteen thick pencil the with hand, point and put it 'over the o'clock;

"Didn't ft. you tell him what I had rapidpaper, and sketched took new

"O. K. I'll get it to you by evening for him?"ly. When he finished he handed

at the latest,"promised the profes- "No, I just told him you wanted the dummy to the girl.

sor. "And listen, I'm writing you a to see him.""What about the editorial?"said

little story about Earl Bartram. He's The professor frowned. But the Martha relentlessly.

a young cowboy had cloud drifted over, and his eyes spar- (Concluded on page 645) artist—just

IT BURNS ME UP

withhardly can go anywhere of traces seeing By CLARENCE ()neout extensive

in public eating places, on furniture EDWIN FLYNN tobacco damage. They are on tables

and plumbing in hotels, and on carpets and draperies everywhere. Even

think other's people in each homes from blazing a curtain. window One in tablenothing holes burning of

in was a business downtown buildin their cloths napkins, and and own ing, calling for extensive repairs and clothes. other's each Secondand tenants damaging loss of busiby stores warehouses abound and hand ness. third The a was on dock where office in furniture household and quite quantity a of goods awaiting cigarets. ruined lighted with shipment destroyed. was These

three fires in one afternoon caused Who settles? Well, nobody relosses in money and property stores the lives lost. As to the materiamounting to more than twenty al damage, people usually say it is

thousand dollars. They were all covered by insurance. What do we

three caused by the same kind of mean when we say that? Simply

the insurance companies have stubs cast aside by that thing—cigaret

it the distributed taken loss and smokers who had become so fixed in the habit that they may not even among their policy holders. John Doe

have been conscious of their actions. or Richard Roe may say he escapes

because he doesn't carry a policy in

One of the most depressing things that company. Let him not deceive

fire such Every the occurrence long ago, Iot I is to know drive through a himself.

rates. a rise in the meansalarm through apartment sounded an no Make forest that area N has been denuded by mistake, is pays.hotel in everybody Minneapolis. In This a few mofire. forests Our beautiful are so

ments the pumps were going and the and valuable, and we have so little one of the heaviest taxes we are carhose spouting freezing water into forest area in proportion to the size rying today, and no one escapes.

the flameand smokefilled rooms. of the country, and the stark corpses The damage done in almost every

Leaping from their beds, people tried of once green and living trees look hotel in the country every day is not to dress and escape, but many of so pitiful, that I always have a heavy paid by the hotel company.

them found the way blocked by fire heart while passing through one of These losses have to be figured infalling debris. the fireand rates, When the of course. Whenever these fireswept places. a to When to enter the last able were atmen a hotel pay you bill you may rest forest fire starts, it sweeps over wide

smouldering ruins, nineteen people ranges of land, either destroying life assured that you are covering certainhad been burned to death and twenor driving it before the crackling items—interest on indebtedness,

tyfive more were being taken to hosflame. Small animals run helplessly, profit on investment, cost of operapitals seriously otherwise burned or taxes, depreciation, losses by vainly, often and for lives. their A tion,injured. damage The property was theft of hotel guests, property by forest fire area field vast is a of death.

dollars.a thousand hundred careless caused and damage by In in state a I which lived I once it cigaret. started? had is How smokers. mythical per- A There no interested to was in that observe an nerves smoker demandwhoseSome or organization son waiting somelittle average a year sevthan more finished nicotine aed smoke had to costs. these where meet enteen percent of forest the fires still carelessly the burntossedand State or federal governments do were caused the tossing by of away filled intoing paper chute with stub a to they clean forest what can up burning cigar cigaret and stubs by ignited; trash. the paper hadand The fires areas restore denuded to and by smokers. statistics necesThe were fire;trash flames the caught had and in the discouragingly them long pesarily conservative, limited the and air chute the sucked through andhad riod of required. time cost, of The to number those actually to known uncontrollaintofanned themselves course, into to figured has tax the be have thus been caused. fire the fury.ble Before company rates, citizen of every the and comthings fire destroyed Many can by situation arrive thecould beyond was his monwealth share. concerned pays be replaced with comparative quickcontrol. you. again That means ness, It but forest. not so a takes a manslaughter, you Wholesale

say? Of course, but nothing has been long time to build a tree, and Nature Many people have a right to speak

done about it, and nothing can be. has to spend a great deal of effort about this needless loss, runningThe killer is not going to admit his to cover a wide area with tall trunks yearly into incalculable sums—inact. He may not even know he did and greening branches. What a surance companies, state and nationit. But the responsibility is on somepity that anyone can take lightly the al governments, owners of damaged

one, just the same. responsibility for destroying all this property—but no one seems to. They

Some years ago when I lived in a magnificence for the satisfaction of seem to prefer that we all go on west coast city we had three con- a habit, destroying by the act of a paying the bill piled up daily by these siderable fires in one afternoon. One moment what it will take decades millions of incendiaries with their

was in a fraternity house, starting and centuries to replace. torches of destruction.

APPOINTMENT

PARTING By illy Crane's steps laggedas he drewBcloser to the Farrington estate. What was he going to tell Bettie? RUTH

He had promised to return in a year,and it was a year today, November ASTON first; but he was no nearer being able

to afford Bettie than the day they had quarreled and he had left.

The Farrington home was a tradition in Marysville. When visitors came to eyes darkly stubborn, her eyes round

town, they were driven past the imand bright with fear.

posing white house with its sloping "You wouldn't really go away for lawns and flower beds, its towering oak a whole year, would you, Billy?"

and maple trees. They were shown "That's my plan."

Farrington Creek, gliding among moss- "You'll write to me, won't you?"she

covered rocks and shady fern. They asked in a small voice.

were shown the cows grazing on the "That would be rather foolish, the fortune they had left. But no one

hill behind the house; and the whitewouldn't it?"he demanded. "You'll seemed to know anything definite.

washed barns. And if they were very be much more free if we don't write. Poor Bettie; taking in boarders to

fortunate they might catch a glimpse You may find someone else that's not so pay her taxes. He was ashamed of

of Bettie herself on one of the wide particular."the quickened beating of his heart,

verandas, her pale gold hair seeming a "I believe you want me to find someashamed of the surge of blood that part of the morning sun. one else,"she flared. tingled pleasurably in his veins.

"There she is. Isn't she lovely? She With that she turned and ran toward Bettie herself answered the bell, the

owns all this and lots more, I guess. the house. And Billy hadn't followed. same Bettie, with hair the color of sunBut she's as friendly as you'll find.... He had taken the evening train to the light and eyes the color of the sky.

Yoo hoo! Miss Bettie!"city. And as he took her in his arms, he

Then Bettie would see the people He learned a lot in that year in the wondered how he had stayed away so and wave her hand, and call a friendly city. He learned there were many fellong.

good morning, or even come down the lows like himself in the world, with "When are you going to marry me, long walk to the gate and ask about brains, brawn, ambition, and education. darling?"he heard himself saying.

the new if lucky were still want me?"she half you got a good job baby or the youngster with You "Then—youinfantile paralysis. it. didn't a whispered. accumulate and held You

Over there on the crest of the hill fortune in a year or five years. He "I've never stopped wanting you for

frostsee the grove,Billy could maple tell instant."Bettie sat an davenport on the would he would He that—and

left.painted, the as it been had day he that tell her beside she mustn't him. "Betfor and wait drew her him. down

It was under that canopy of scarlet tie, I've been a chump. I didn't realize

and yellow leaves that he told her of his how much this house meant to you. I

decision. H,Lis forehead was suddenly didn't realize to what ends you would

"Don't you see, Bettie? I can't come wet and cold, and he wiped it with go to keep it."

here to live. Why, I'm hardly making his handkerchief. He would have to "I love my home,"she said simply.

enough money to pay the taxes on this tell her he didn't love her. It was the "It's all I have left of Daddy and

place."only way. Mother."

She laughed lightly, adorably. He turned in the gate, his heart jump- "I know, darling, I know."

"I have plenty to pay the taxes."ing crazily in his chest, and he didn't He rested her head on his shoulder

Dark red burned in Billy's cheeks. know whether he was happy at the and was superbly content.

"You mean you refuse to live in the prospect of seeing Bettie or miserable "Billy,"she said hesitantly, "could kind of place I can afford?"at what he had come to tell her. you.... Do you think you could manShe looked surprised. After a long But something was wrong. He age to mow the lawn? The gardener

moment she said: frowned. For the first time in history, left town, and I haven't found a new

"If you don't want to come here to the Farrington grass was badly in need one yet!"

live when we're married, why, of of cutting. And then he saw the sign, So proud. Unwilling to admit that

course, Billy, I'll live wherever you a neat, small sign stuck into the lawn, she had to let the gardener go. He

want to."with the one word Boarders. loved her for it.

But tears stood in her eyes, and Billy If a sudden earthquake had shaken "Of course I'll mow the lawn."

said sharply: the Farrington home from its solid foun- "Money doesn't make any difference,

"You wouldn't be happy away from dations, right before his eyes, he really, when two people love each here. All this is a part of you. No, couldn't have been more deeply other, does it?"she asked happily.

Bettie, I've thought the whole thing out. shocked. And yet, what had he known "No."He patted her soft hair and

I'm going to the city and get a job. of the Farrington fortune, really? He thought how much wisdom her small

Clerk or secretary, or anything, at first. and all of Marysville had taken it for head contained. "Money will never

And after a year, I'll know better granted, but no one seemed to know come between us again. We'll try our

whether I'll ever be able to afford you."exactly of what it consisted. When best to keep the house. But if someThey stared at each other, hardly Bettie's mother and father had been times we have to do without things,

believing that this sharp misunderstandkilled in a chartered plane, people had we won't mind, will we?"

ing could have come between them, his asked in whispers as to the security of {Concluded on page 661

JA.L BUILDER

By MARVIN E. SMITH

Qsmxjuwinq* TRUMAN O. ANGELL

Salt <XaJuL JsmfdsL CbvduhudL June 5, 1810—October 16, 1887

a HPhy calling is more particularly to labor in assisting the Saints to build cities and temples...."Such

was the blessing which patriarch john smith gave to

Truman Osborn Angell on May 13, 1845. The blessing

TRUMAN 0. ANGELL held great promise, and during the years was to see greater

fulfilment, for it is as temple architect that brother

Angell is remembered today.

Inspiration guided Truman O. Angell in the profession learning the carpenter and joiner Carpenter Rolph said: "Doctor, what

cities temples. buildingof house?"of the He think and you instruction of the trade a man do under

the like faith gave toutilized "It looks which a me rugged answered: He in neighborhood. the the related he precisely."pattern Then time build each to couragehim anew receivthe was young man of While the word received following: "Joseph their from driventhe were Mormons his countraining, the to two take must for ing Lord him manual the Lord

is life the with Hishomes. crowded come and Rigdon, selors, and Williams preparain further him guided have

trials pioneer triumphs of them and show woulddrama Lord, the and He to before ordained tion the for he was work built. to be the house of or model the plan into stature the himwhich molded for continues: he accomplish, the called knees, on our upon went We calling. his magnificentof within appeared the building Lord, and first I felt that an earnest time About Kirtof the the completion Before first disto the I being distance: viewing Christianity, subject of desire to a become

land temple, his talent was recogand for some months made earnest supplicover it. Then all of us viewed it together.

nized by his superiors, as related cation before the Lord; and from then on After we had taken a good look at the

right to come building seemed the exterior, life were shortcomings and mischievousin his manuscript autobiography: my

hall seemed of this the makeup us; and to over since tried laid ever aside; and I have

of the multiplicity buildings unAmong coincide with what I there saw to a was right, feeling that God reto do what of supervisionder I had the minutia."my charge, it. quired

finishing middle wall of the or the second, stands. the includingtemple, It seemed as if he were guided so tateJosephto thewasmechanics,accordinglyand enabledhis counselorsto dicthat he might hear the restored gosstood as witnesses.

Years later, Brigham Young, who pel. At the age of twentytwo, Truwas quick to recognize and train man took his mother to visit her kinsAlong with the other Saints,

natural talents that they might confolk in New York. Soon after he Brother Angell and his family

tribute to the building of the great met and married Polly Johnson. suffered untold hardships during the

Saint commonwealth,Latterday Nauvoo Missouri and following I, mother following January, The with my before sendAngell Brotherblessed imposed the trials of the gospel Jesus periods. Perhaps wife, embraced and

ing him to Europe: Christ as taught by the Latterday Saints, on these good people demonstrated

Elders Aaron of instrumentality the through. shall remeans and power have blessings "You of their worthiness

Rich. Leonard and Lyons to country place, fromto place. from go. a given Angell Elder ceived. was

of various specimensto country, view and leave to York upon of Moved New at the hands blessing remarkable. see. desire to thatarchitecture you may settled next Angell State, Brother the patriarch. archi-. the to will quick comprehend beYou

fall 1835. of in the in Kirtland, Ohio, ages; in various of designstectural men labor is particularly to calling more "Thy

all take the will time rejoice and into fittedand you seemingly was he There cities build and to Saints the assisting in architecture of valuabledrafts of works to to preach prepared the niche abroad which was traveling he than temples qualified better continue your to beand gospel. the fill, temple. the to set on as he work in increase on will knowledgework. You to shall wisdom give you Lord "The in Saints the Revelation rewarded buildings; raany and otherthe temple and architecture which of principles the teach possess."in the at knowledgewill you practical marvel direct ways and many everfrom in Church the held been hath

of simple early those famin thy days blessed shalt faith. lasting. be Thou

afflic-"pROM the beginning it seemed that seen much hast thou as ily; inasmuch construction pattern and Even the

shall in thy house poverty, sickness, themselves tion, and shaped events brethclear to the plans were made plenty. health, and peace, of be a habitation templefor Truman's preparation temples. of erection the the for ren cirdomestic thy shall surround Happiness of domestic career. Becausebuilding records: Angell Brother numershall very become cle. Thy family

to begin forced difficulties he was the from home at awayworking age Smith'sFrederickcounselors,G. Williams,came oneinto ofthePresidenttemple, ous;skill, noneand strength.shall excel them for wisdom,

of nine. By the time he reached the when the following dialogue took place "Thou shalt have faith to do any miracle

age of seventeen, he commenced in my presence. to accomplish thy work for the benefit of

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1942

building the kingdom upon of God 1 up earth."the KING ALCOHOL fulblessing patriarchal saw That

filment. Giving the Lord credit for By Dr. T. J. HOWELLS

his ability to follow architectural deHealth Commissioner of signs, and expressing appreciation Salt Lake City, Utah for spiritual blessings, the builder continues the narrative: *Y"es, we have a king in our democracy.

I had steady employment upon the The old, cruel, exacting tyrant, [Nauvoo] temple, having been appointed "Alcohol."I met a young man who

superintendent of joiner work under Archicame west expecting to take a job as a tect William Weeks. common sailor out of some Pacific

Interruptions in his building career Coast town. I was surprised to learn

occurred only when the Saints were that he was leaving an office job, a in transit, or when mob violence inswivel chair, and $5,000 a year in New terfered. York City. He volunteered the infor-

I was chosen to go west in company with mation that old king alcohol had driven the pioneers, at which my heart greatly rehim west and that in order to make a joiced.... 1 got some provisions and a last stand against this habit he was

rig and started for Winter Quarters. On leaving his friends, his employment and

my way I was taken with chills and fever, his home, where he felt that so far alwhich were very severe. The effects of cohol had defeated him. With the

this sickness lurked about me all winter, strength to be gathered from wideopen feeble. faint leaving and me sea, friends, places, the he and new date. in faith a future hope and was My fight. this that he might win to, in and hoped the Pioneers coming I of one was

making a home for the Saints in Utah, in Last year in the state of Utah over 1847. I then returned to Winter Quarters. five hundred young people were driven

The following winter I made a fitout, and from the highways, their driver's lifor started in spring the and family took my of because censes drunken revoked fall the in in arriving home; Utah our new state the driving. It was suggested by of over one distance oxwith an team,—a that responsible action for this sick wife on official thousand my miles,—moving in is extensively alcohol used because the having of two rod every way, her back

children with us,—three having been buried the manufacture of high explosives our

in Winter Quarters. Federal Government should confiscate

Soon after my arrival I was chosen archithe alcohol for this purpose. Such a

tect for the Church, which position I hold procedure would act as a doubleedged to this day [February 26, 1884].... sword against the Axis powers.

After I called to architect of was be the The periodicals that still carry allurthe buildingsChurch, of almost every description throughout the territory, and espeing advertisements and lying testimonicially Salt Lake, were placed in my charge. als by nature fakers and wouldbe ath-

... I might mention the Salt Lake Temple letes in favor of alcohol should be chal-

'and the one at St. George. I was notified lenged now for their subversive activithat they wanted a temple for St. George ties. The evidence shows that king

size theabout of the BusiTemple. Nauvoo is poison alcohol a and and a drug now

ness to so crowded take I had much me up holding of our a saboteur democracyithe design at times. sundry

should as defense, such it our and up plans accepted the buildwere The and ing started. In consequence of the lack of be treated as an enemy and should be

my full specifications, I was obliged to outlawed. If there ever was a time in

visit that place several times at inclement the history of America when man seasons of the year during the construcshould think clearly and act with tion.... promptness and decision unencumbered

I Manti and The Temples Logan poison with the a brain befogged was by to in called take charge but in consequence

It it time. is the present of alcohol, theirof being about either miles one hundred

way, they were taken off my hands, for they has long been accepted among medical needed the care of the architects and buildmen and scientists that alcohol is a ers on the grounds. They were accordpoison in the same bracket as morphine,

ingly placed in charge of my two assistants: cocaine, phenobarbatol, and other

T. 0. Angell, Jr., taking the Logan Temple, habitforming drugs.

and William H. Tolson taking the one at Every doctor has seen men die ofManti.

The labor on the Salt Lake Temple realcoholic poisoning. The pallor, the

quired my presence to conduct it properly. unconsciousness, the difficult breathing,

* * * the cold, clammy skin and death are

Someone has said that "Architecknown to all medical men as distinctive

I poisoning. of alcoholic symptoms devotion.ture is a of handmaid A

is doing think the state a rather goodbeautiful in stone, church is a sermon and its spire a finger pointing to drinks,job in thebut itdispersementis letting us ofdownalcoholicin one heaven."And so did Truman O. thing. None of the liguor sold bears

Angell, the builder, preach sermons the warning label, "Poison."

all the way from Kirtland, Ohio, to The Salt Lake City Health Departthe valleys of the Rocky Mountains, ment has just finished its annual report.

exemplifying the faith of the LatterIt is interesting to learn that five of our day Saints. citizens died last year, 1941, from al1Blessing given to Truman O. Angell. May 13. 1845, coholic poisoning. Yet when we study

by Patriarch John Smith. [Concluded on page 648)

VYbam cl woman. wilL

/fa wsdi io sDcpsmknaL cl CHANGE OF HEART

J. REred's leaving. Ellen simply wonderful,""That's "FMother,"Ellen cried into the phone. By ELIZABETH said, hoping she sounded enthusiShe was still seeing Fred astic, envious. not but as he had GREY STEWARTlooked at breakfast. Determined envious. Before wasn't she Well,

and oddly cold. this morning she would have been.

Her mother didn't answer at once. "Well, a man's foolish to feel conBut right now she'd trade all the

Ellen raised her voice, terror mountfident in times like these,"Ellen said things she had and all the things sheing in it. tartly. "With no steady salary—wanted just to have Fred say he'd

'What shall I do, Mother?""Fred's a born salesman, though."stay.

"Tell me,"her mother asked gent- "Oh, mother, what's that got to do Mary's voice hurried on, but Elly, "did Fred get that job he spoke with his leaving me?"len's thoughts went in a different diof last week?"She kept seeing Fred's kind, plain rection. There was that vacuum

"Yes, but it's not really a job. I face—his dark, intelligent eyes, his cleaner Fred had bought with his

mean he made a regular salary as stubborn chin. She thought yearnlast commission from the agency.

well as commissions at the automoingly of his clumsy tenderness. Of He'd needed a spring coat, but he'd

bile agency, but this is just straight his boyish delight in automobiles. been bothered about her backaches

commission selling. I told him he Before hanging up the receiver and had insisted she needed a

cleaner said: more. mother "I don't Elvacuum know, foolish to take it—ringing doorherwasbells—len. She'd If I were you, been so I'd try to think miserable about the

"But he isn't trained for skilled out the reason. You're the only one loss of his job and so frightened for

war work."who can. If you know the reason, the future that she hadn't thought

"I know,"Ellen answered impaperhaps you can find a way to change much about it.

tiently, imagine "but how I feel, his mind."ought to get Fred "You you to buy

Lucy's and Mary'swhen husbands dear,'coat, saying. * * * a new was Mary

'Iare making big money, and mine's What reason could there be? She Ellen came out of her reverie.

peddling nursery stock."couldn't help the automobile agency's don't need a new coat. And when

"Fred doesn't seem himself,"her closing. a man spends the last money he may

mother mused. "He's always been They'd been so happy together. get for some time to buy a vacuum

so happy and confident."Fred always said she kept his feet cleaner, I guess his wife can't comon the ground. And he'd said that plain."

when he looked at her across a Mary sounded slightly chastened.

crowded room and saw her sitting "I guess you're right, Ellen. Fred

there, so trim and pert and pretty, certainly is a good husband in that he'd been proud she was his. way. But he ought—

"He's a good husband in every 1 he telephone rang way."Ellen was talking to herself

sharply. Hope surged in her. If it as much as to Mary. "He's got a

were Fred perfect disposition and a really kind

But it wasn't. It was Mary Drew, heart. I wouldn't trade him for all

one of their crowd. Well, Mary the mink coats in the world. I like

just the he is."way needn't

don't need to shout at you "Darling, know—yet.I couldn't wait to tell him"Well,

you. Malcolm got a bonus this me, Ellen. What's the matter with

month, and guess what he bought you anyway?"

I'll have to me! A mink coat. Isn't that just too "Not a thing. But

heavenly! I can't wait till next winhang up. Sounds like my doorbell."

ter to wear it."Mary wasn't going to catch her sobbing.

She thought about Fred every minute of that achingly long day.

She couldn't help it. Maybe it was

only when you lost something that you realized its value.

If only she could talk it over with him. But he'd said, "I don't want to

hash it over."

At five she heard his key in the lock. He must be coming back to

pack.

He closed the door and called to (Concluded on page 646) J/ul JoujnJbamdu aflL BERNE By MARIE WIDMER

Erlach gained a victory over Fribourg and its confederates, mentions that the men from Berne met the enemy after the style of Samson.

A little farther on, in the Gerechtigkeitsgasse, we perceive, as might be expected, the Fountain of Justice. This

is a particularly lovely column, crowned

OF JUSTICE FOUNTAIN THE pair with a a blindfolded AT by woman

CENTURY 16TH BERNE IS A in her left of scales many hand. While CREATION RENAISSANCE BY HANS

GEILER. IT SHOWS EFFIGIES OF other old towns in Switzerland boast

EMPEROR, POPE, SULTAN, AND BY medieval fountains, it is generally conDOMINATED MAGISTRATE,

JUSTICE, WITH EYES BANDAGED Photos ceded that in the matter of uniform exAND SCALE IN HAND.

THE SAMSON FOUNTAIN IN BERNE ecution of the figures and their wellIS ONE OF A SERIES OF HANDSOME planned distribution in the main thorSTATUES FOUNTAIN MEDIEVAL OF oughfares, Berne takes the leading THE STREETS ADORN WHICH

THE FEDERAL CAPITAL. place. Among the many are the Moses

Bathed on three sides by the rapidfountain, the Bagpiper fountain, Suter flowing Aare, Berne, Switzerfountain, Sharpshooter fountain, land, founded by Duke Berthold "Venner Bruggler"and others.

V of Zahringen in 1191 A. D., has THE MOSES FOUNTAIN IN BERNE All day and all night they gurgle and

always been justly of her proud water installations. fine weirs are Her as EVALIS ANOTHERFOUNTAINIMPRESSIVESTATUE. MEDIbabble,drink toeverthirstyreadyhumansto dispenseor beasts,a coolingever

old as the city itself; and the town eager to let their sweet monotony soften

brook was made to flow through the the harsh, noises of traffic, and soothe principal streets at a very early period one to restful sleep. An integral part

for the purpose of cleansing them. Toof the city's very soul, they truly are

wards the end of the fourteenth cendestined to remain, these picturesque, tury, running fountains, with simple floweradorned fountains of Berne.

wooden columns, were erected at frequent intervals along these thoroughfares. These columns were replaced,

mostly in the sixteenth century, by the THEFOUNTAINIMPRESSIVEAND FAMOUSZAHRINGERCLOCK characteristic statues which are today TOWER ARE OUTSTANDING LANDone of the most charming features of SWITZERLAND.MARKS OF MEDIEVAL BERNE,

the Swiss capital.

The Bernese fountain figures are noteworthy specimens of renaissance art. Many of them were executed by

the artist, Hans Geiler, to whom several of the fountain statues at nearby Fribourg, another Zahringen foundation, are also ascribed. Emblems of various

medieval guilds and corporations, the fountains were mostly placed in front of their respective guild houses.

Near the elaboratelyrenovated clock tower with its intricate sixteenth century clockwork stands the Zahringer fountain, paying an impressive tribute to Berne's noble founder. The figure,

in this instance, shows a bear—theheraldic animal of the city—in full

armor. With his right hand he holds

the Zahringen banner, and at his feet nestles a bear cub feasting on some part in Berne's martial activities. The

grapes. Bernese were fond of pointing to this

biblical hero as a typification of old

Here also in the Kramgasse, is the Bernese courage. The original acSamson fountain, representing the count of the battle of Laupen in 1339,

butchers who always took an active where the Bernese under Rudolph von

Poeffj) TO A MISSIONARY COMPANION HOME PATIENCE

By Lester N. Downing By Woodbcidge O. Johnson, jr. By Sylvia Probst

fifty the years of falling rains are takes hammering autumn IT The

I ironhearted oak. for the limbs trudge alone. forge on As To little ways; so helped many me inYou've

is to soft of the smile place a little enough But summer have it you've come Oh, seems ways, So many

I call artichoke. flavor or could squash ripen That own my To to be

Like something quite habitual; the days A home with all its beauteous wealth

happiness peace, and Of richer far because you gave to me Are laughter life and Where can be found ToIt takeslift thea longgiantmillenniumredwood toor itstwoheight. a hand of your companionship, warmthThe

builds so leisurely; His greater works And love will never cease. God should be rough. if the going help meTo

night. toadstools sprout up over It's only underwould the one I knew were You

stand; VAGABOND your faith and love was quiteTo have Lucile Jones I LOVE A ROAD By enough

I you spent with this little while makeTo By Zara Sabin within a book like page a favoredMuch Eagerly I rise to meet the day

To which I'll often turn for a review And face the world with clear, exultant love a road

Of happy hours, on which I'll often look, eye. I when the first faint flush of dawn

And then remember instantaneously, The friendly sun that beckons from the glows in the east and dew hangs on tall

Some minute thing, a smile, a word, a sky grass prayer, Urges me onward; and I must obey. like pendant pearls, while as you pass

That was so much like sustenance to me, I must be tramping some forgotten way, larks lift swift wings, their flutelike song

So many lovely things there were to share. Where to the warm earth's pulse my steps filling the air.

And though the roads we take should lead reply.

apart, Since all the world is singing, so must I, I love a road

I'll always keep what you have given me, With everything so glad and free and gay. when the hush of summer's heat

A light for all the way, and in my heart hangs heavy and her sultry shimmering

You'll keep a place, a special memory. My pack is light, for it is just a song sheen

My road is any road where feet may gives a glint of gold to the glistening tread. green

Mine are the joys of gayflung, windof fields where murmuring bees seek tossed hair, sweets MISSIONARY SON TO DAD A kindly, sunwarmed road that weaves in wayside flowers.

By Richard L. Gunn Beneathalong ecstatic space flung overhead, I love a road

the And stilled the his thrush has song wild, sweet joy of freedom in when Pop,TITell, air. the line that stretching of lure curving and the months have passed since I Though lies

left home is softly silvered ahead by ANNIVERSARY fulfill, toA light the lambent of a lowhung moon changed outlook's Marvel BaccowMymission and prompted me By starfilled a and sky.

the quill. with dabbleTo

OCTOBER gave you to my arms, I love a road!

Remember how I thought of home I could not hold you, so

A place to hang my hat? October calls you back again

not things wereWhen as I would want And I must let you go. MY HEART voice a blat? wouldHow I

Oh how can Indian summer skies By LaVerne Stallings

And when I'd sprawl in easy chairs Smile down so blue and brave sunlight hidden from With bird heart is a young eat?"d'we holler, "WhenAnd

leaves grave? on your And dead your eyes MY A-fiying at shoes coats or and make dawn,And borrow

Your stock of ties deplete? Fleetwinging, sweetwinging

Restlessly on. LANDS THE

.. Fly, heart. with the dawn! I little thing did for youEach Barlow Emily By

act! magnanimous mostA

is bird Writer a Young gay My heart I different view; a haveBut now

I wish I could retract. A-singing at noon

high, are of those lands love skynoted, Highnoted, who The its Trilling tune lands high this "appreciate"word Dad,Gee,.. heart Sing, rise the noon!. with the the streams laughing and Where before lost to meWas

tall pine stands girl, both you and Mom,There's home, my is bird heart wild breasts, a earth's the sweet My On galore. things otherAnd day, A-Ioving crests, through mountain The

strifesurging And whispers its love of life. Lifesurging,Besides the many little things Passions at play.

nice, find extra I now... with the day!

gospel, Dad,This I've found, is worth The landslands of those who love are wide, wide Love, heart

The Pearl of Greatest Price! With trees bent low by the unseen hands My heart is a lone bird

Of a high shrill wind, A-sighing at eve

All this is mine because of you; A cold clear wind, Roamending, foamending

It's you who sends the dough, That sings its love of life. Glories to leave,

It's you who made MY mission OURS. Sigh, heart... with the eve!

I'd like to call it so. The lands of those who love are soft, soft

lands My heart is a spent bird

So in OUR mission I'll do my best That verdantly touch the sea's white sands, A-sleeping at night,

Until the race is won And the golden sun, Throngfolding, songfolding,

And what is more I want to say The gentle sun, Weary of flight.

I'm glad I am your son! Tells you that love is life. Sleep, heart... with the night!

"SaiL Ovl and Ovl

enough money for the clubhouse, two

By RUTH cabinstwo restforroomssleepingand theaccommodations,well with its

CANNON pump.C. H. B. Seybert and Albert WhitTHATCHER meyerA. L. eachGlassmandonatedcontributeda motor boatfifty andlife

jackets.

George Nichols furnished the basic idea for the cabin in the clubhouse and

George Cannon Young, the architect, were at Pineview contributed the designs and plans which w.Ecanyon and sailing in were executed by Will Prout with theDam in Ogden

a catamaran [vessel with two hulls] aid of volunteers.

belonging to the Explorer's Yacht Club Approximately the total value of the at Camp Browning. The other boats investment on land is $3,000, and on

darting and sailing so skillfully over the water $2,000. That is the money value.

lake were piloted by Boy Scouts. The important thing is the value of the

it I club to benefits. the boys whom as there isn't So far anknow, we little that a of the saw day we arrivedother organization in Scout the Boy little at the sign post read which "Camp like justworld the Explorer's Yacht Browning."

Club at Camp Browning. "Doesn't it look fun?"I cried. "My,

If the old trappers who used to beat I'm glad you were a Boy Scout when their way down the various forks were you were a lad, or we couldn't come to come down now and see the lake at up here."

their feet, they would probably rub Paul was too busy watching the sailtheir eyes and say, "Must be a mirage!"boats and the kayaks the boys were

But a woman who stood on the bank maneuvering, to answer with more than when the lake was new was more real- a grunt.

istic. She watched the small, noisy, We followed the road toward the

boats, streakingmotor zooming and and flattopped clubhouse with its decks and roaring over the water. observed She overlooking windows, Photographs by Paul S. Bieler many the shore

in wistfulness her fifteenthe the face of UPPER—EXPLORER'S the YACHT CLUBHOUSE and on came to way we a hand pump

old son asyear he others skimCENTER—CATAMARAN watched a which industriously. working boy was LOWER—KAYAKS

ming over the water. She saw his face Beside him sat his frying pan, its bottom

inbrighten as sailboat of- a someone neatly patterned with potatoes cubed exceldiscovered Mr. Next Youngfered ride ex- a he climbed and him onions. and lent for plans a catamaran which was into the saileduberantly boat which "It looks to I said to the good me,"capsize to designed except under not into lake,out the of the of middle out boy. the greatest plans provocation. Thesesight tipped over. and too,"grinned. "Me, he in of were Mechanic's Magazine The

As the woman stood there waiting Fawcett's Publications and upon writOn close inspection the sagegreen for her son to return, she said to her ing to them, Mr. Young received a clubhouse seemed to resemble a ship,

husband, "Well, here's a lake! What copy of the plans and special permisgrounded on the shore long enough for

are we going to do with it?"The woman sion to use them immediately. grass to grow and hide its keel.

S. her Dilworth Mrs.was and Young suddenly Mr. School, Young emerged the from Mr. High Ogden DeAt of the thehusband, Executive Scout ship's behind the built bow. assisted Scouters, Childs Vere by Council. AreaOgden

first eighty at of the cost the catamaran like he to do?""What would you

the Right at then the Pineview Dam, dollars. inquired hospitably, then overwhelmed

planted, of idea an andgerm when was were prominent Various Ogden men list possibilities: us fishing, with of a

later the or houran boy young two or the told boat about approached and sailing, canoeing, swimming, kayaking, ride, cold, his returned boat fromwas it. result, B. Charles a As shown softball, baseball, rowing, table or deck

tired dripping unexan fromand and Nelson, T. RushEmpey, Edwin John tennis, J. horseshoes. or

spill,pected of the fundamental one Ellison mer, Charles E. and Lawrence it all cost to does much do "How If recognized.needs were boys was I. Canfield one each catamaran donated

I of that?"cautiously. asked it full lake, benefitto get the the of must donated two. Dr. Conrad Jensen and

safety devices in safe boats, withbe their protection, sufor Meanwhile Mr. Young got plans for guest"Nothingof a Scourer.to you, since you are a with vigilant and

the PublicaFawcett's from a kayakpervision. I'll of everything. try a piece "Good! tions, sailboat for plans from a and

is a diligent worker Mr. Young, who first."sailing Let's go Council the in MassachuSalem Area will excessively take modest,and no swim?"you "Can setts.

forcredit prefers himself. to say He

could admitted a bit. Then we Loll Gailey Richard and Leo John We M.that Explorer's the Club Yacht grew

out of the imagination and the geneach donated a clipper sailboat and we were initiated into the rules of the erosity of many men. Joseph W. Brewer and Dr. George club. First we signed the log with our

First of all, the club received its iniStewart each donated a kayak. names and the time we had arrived. I

tial impetus from the efforts of the While the boats were gradually being looked at the long list of names precedformer president of the Ogden Area built under the supervision of Mr. ing mine.

Council, C. H. B. Seybert, and a comChilds, a site on the lakeshore was being "Are all of these people club memmittee, composed of Charles I. Cansought. Marriner A. Browning and Val bers?"

field, Wesley W. Anderson, and Rus- A. Browning contributed this, leasing "Oh no! Any boy fifteen years old

sell B. Petty. the land for a year as well as giving (Continued on page 646)

oves KUKurnfill Tabernacle Receives of the origin of the Indians. Not until Appointments, TransfersCurtainsTOCEand Draperies the end of the interview did he call the In Church Schools

name. by Book of Mormon in the and transfers A ppointments completed 5,'"Technicians on August of the program A transcription has * senior seminaries institutes of and installation set of of stage A the a in missionary for use been work. made religion directhe of the Church, under incurtains draperies Salt the and Lake

Tabernacle, which has an arched span Annie Wells Cannon Passes tion of the Church Department of Eduone hundred thirtytwo feet wide and lRs. Annie Wells Cannon, one of cation, have been made as follows:

sixtyfour feet high. * the most noted women in the New Appointments

Ordered in prewar days, the flameChurch and prominent in her native Mignon Perry, teacher of home economproof equipment was late in arriving. state, died September 2, at her Salt ics, Ricks College, Rexburg, Idaho.

Built by R. L. Grosh & Sons, HollyLake City home. She was eightytwo. Coral Kerr, teacher of commercial subwood, scenic studios, and builders of jects, Ricks College, Rexburg, Idaho.

movie sets, it is the largest indoor set Frank R. Walker, principal, Al terra seminary, Roosevelt, Utah.they ever built. have Grubb, H. Edwin

Sibyl principal, Bancroft,. Wilkinson, in technician,stage five took weeks Idaho, seminary.

directing the installation. Ray Reeder, principal, Bear Lake semRelief Society Survey inary, Paris, Idaho.

Shows Lack of Nurses Utah,Marianseminary.G. Nielsen, principal, Blanding,

"\17ith a total of 3,716 nurses reported Linford Christensen, principal, Escalante, vv living within the wards, stakes, Utah, seminary.

and missions of the Church, almost oneEdna J. Cazier, teacher, Juab Stake semNephi, Utah.fourth of the inary, are without the wards

Flint, Leon H. principal, Kanab and Oravailable services of nurses, according derville, seminaries. Utah,

to tabulations released in September by Merrill B. Tew, principal, Lovell and

the Relief Society general board. The Cowley, Wyoming, seminaries.

survey was made last spring at the sugWayne C. Gunnell, teacher, Malad, Idagestion of the First Presidency. ho, seminary.

M. Kermit Anderson, principal, Piute

Genealogical Library ANNIE County seminary, Circleville, Utah.

Has New Hours WELLS Delos D. Lusk, teacher, Rexburg and

A new schedule of hours for the liCANNON SugarTimothyCity, H.Idaho,Irons,seminaries.principal, St. Johns* brary of the Genealogical Society and Round Valley seminaries, St. Johns

of Utah became effective on September and Eagar, Arizona.

1. The library will be open from 1 p. m. During her early youth Mrs. Cannon Ray L. Jones, principal, Star Valley semto 9 p. m. Mondays through Fridays, attended school in the old Social Hall inary, Afton, Wyoming.

and from 9 a. m. to 1 p. m. on Saturand later attended the University of J. Arbon Christensen, principal, Wayne

days. The offices of the Genealogical Deseret. She was first appointed to Stake seminary, Bicknell, Utah.

Society will be open from 9 a. m. to the general board of the Relief Society Transfers

5 p. m. Mondays through Fridays, and in 1902. She served until 1910, when Alfred C. Nielsen, from Honolulu L. D. S.

duties Institute she her of of Religion because to Thatcher, Arizona, was releasedfrom 9 a. m. to 1 p. m. on Saturdays.

of Religion, L. as Director. D. S. Institute Relief president as Pioneer of the Stake

L. D. S. Service Men Society, a position she held from 1904 John L. Clarke, from Thatcher L. D. S.

St. Institute to of Religion L. George D. S.In to to the 1920. reappointed She was Good Spirits

Religion, Director. of as

in the Institute serving until general 1919, board Saint men in the armedT atterday St. Braithwaite, C. from George Royden

"forces of the country are in good Relief Society board was reorganized L. D. S. Institute of Religion to Ogden L.

spirits and are maintaining a high standin December, 1939. D. S. Institute of Religion, as Director.

ard of living, Elders Albert E. Bowen For fifteen years she was associate Wendell M. Rigby, from Wasatch Stake

to seminary, seminary. Heber, foreProvo editor of the Exponent, Woman's of the B. Council Lee ofand Harold

F. Idaho, Fechser, Kenneth from Downey, the of Magazine. Society runner Relief in early Septemreportedthe Twelve to seminary. Tooele, seminary Utah, in years 1884 the spent and 1883 She completed as a threeweeks'ber they Stanley from North Adams, D. Emery Mission, the Swiss where and German Pacific thetour on of camps army Sevier to Ferron, seminary, Utah, South

Coast. her husband, John Q. Cannon, presided. Stake seminary, Monroe, Utah.

She was first state president of the John W. Fitzgerald, from St. Johns andA War Slogan Utah War Mothers, later the Service Round Valley seminaries, Arizona, to SumMissionaries of the Eastern States Star Legion, and for five years was namit Stake seminary, Coalville, Utah.

Stake E. from Campbell, Eugene Wayne latter organizahistorian of tional the the slorecently adopted haveMission

to Bicknell, Stake seminary, Utah, Oquirrh first to tion. also the She woman was not will "Igan: may do my best—there seminary, Utah. Magna, legislature. state to the elected be take to anothersoon be my place."seminary, Alterra from Gardiner, Alma A. officially as one recognized She was Grantsville, to Roosevelt, Utah, Utah, semHistory IndianEarly state the of outstanding of the women inary.

Told on Radio by the Utah Federation of Women's Anthony I. Bentley, from Star Valley

"Clder Juan Gonzales, president of Clubs when it selected seven prominent seminary, Afton, Wyoming, to the Mesa *-* the SpanishAmerican Branch of women for awards in 1934. and Tempe seminaries in Arizona.

the SpanishAmerican Mission was inShe edited Our Legacy, the volume Raymond T. Bailey, from Juab Stake

seminary, seminary, Utah, Nephi, to Carbon released of the of history poetry by the which was the earlyterviewed on

Price, Utah. late as part of in 1941, Relief Society station Los radioIndians over KGFJ, L. Albert seminary, from Payne, Jordan

Angeles, August 30. their centennial celebration, March 17, Sandy, Utah, to Delta, Utah, seminary.

He told legends of his ancestors, and 1942, and was a frequent contributor to Clawson C. Richardson, from Oakley

how those legends were helping to both the Relief Society Magazine and seminary, Oakley, Idaho, to Downey, Idaprove the truth of a book which told The Improvement Era. ho, seminary.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1942

Joy F. Dunyon, from Summit Stake seminary, Coalville, Utah, to Jordan seminary.

E. L. V. Richardson, from Tooele, Utah, Mrs. Emma Lucy Gates Bowen

Brigham S. the "S.seminary

while Ann August 17, to Juab Stake seminary, as prinYoung,"christening cipal. Preston of daughter Richards,

Chester Hill, from Star Valley seminary, Richards, president of the LosD.

on. Mrs. Bowen looks Stake, Angeles Utah, seminary. to Logan,Afton, Wyoming,

the of granddaughter the said: "As Utah, Grantsville, from A. Bird, Howard Brigham builder, illustrious empire

seminary to Montpelier, Idaho, seminary, Young, I have great pride in chrishis ship with majestic tening principal.as

it till has seas sail it the name. Maythis Victor, Idaho, Larson, from L. Harold he which ripe old age the reached

as seminary, Idaho, to Oakley,seminary man those who attained! may And

filled same the with beprincipal.

unthe purpose, same to for battle C. Claude Robbins, from Blanding, Utah, fidelityflinchingit ever to courage

seminary, to Provo, Utah, seminary. right, the same consecration to thethe

dethe same and freedom cause of and from Rexburg D. Lillywhite, John

actuas Country, to votion and God to Salt Lake Idaho, seminaries, CitySugar eventhis long ated throughout him the seminary, and seminary, MurrayEast life."ful

L.D.S. Business College, Salt Lake City.

LeRoy I. Jorgensen, from the Bear Lake

seminary, Paris, Idaho, to the South Cache

Utah.seminary, Hyrum,

Sheffield, from Delta seminary Excommunications President David O. McKay of the Erwin L.

First Presidency. seminary. Springvilleto June Barlow, born "\Tiolet Fraser of the Circleville chapel The Ward and Orderfrom Kanab R. Webb, Lynn in excommunicated * 17, 1913; dedicated the Garfield Stake to (Utah ) Stake,ville, was seminaries Wasatch Utah

seminary, Heber, Utah, as principal. Whittier Ward, Wells Stake, July 13, August 23, by Presiding Bishop

In operation are one hundred twelve 1942. LeGrand Richards.

senior seminaries serving students of Elizabeth Cecila Matuszzak Bauman, The Vernon Ward chapel of the St.

high school standing, and thirteen instiborn April 5, 1899; excommunicated Johns (Arizona) Stake was dedicated

tutes of religion adjacent to university May 12, 1942, in Lynhurst, N. S. M. August 23, by Elder Clifford E. Young,

and college campuses. In 194142 Frederick J. Landis, born June 11, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve.

these seminaries had an enrollment of The Park City Second Ward chapel 21,354, and the institutes an enrollment of the South Summit Stake was dediof 2,528 students. CONFERENCE PROCEEDINGS cated August 30, by Bishop Marvin O.

the Presiding Bishopric. Ashton of IN BE PUBLISHED the Western TORadio in "ERA"NOVEMBER Bishops, Presiding MissionStates

A ccording to present plans, the Era Elders Appointed

Verl F. Scott, Mission Secretary "will give an account of the OcMantua Ward, Box Elder Stake, Newell

"pROM the simple request of one mistober conference proceedings and ad- J. Larsen succeeds Zelph Y. Erekson.

*- sinary, now almost forgotten, the dresses in its November number. Denver First Ward, Denver Stake, Elmo

Higginson succeeds C. E. Drury, Edward in promulgating of radiouse programs to alloware asked Subscribers make

Jr. utilizedthe a large gospel has on been the of late delivery for magazine ance Stake, Ward, BankLeo Avon Hyrum Mission. in Statesscale the Western succeeds the getting head verKnowles. since James for November requested a elder years an ago Two First Stake, Maricopa Ward, Mesa James print into speeches conference batim station halfhour fromweekly KFNF, Miller A. succeeds Griner. Mernice L.

time. press will delay unavoidably the present toin Iowa, Shenandoah, Third Mt. Sandy Stake, Jordan Ward,

Fulness of Times recordings. After the Ira Hardcastle succeeds Marlon S. Bateman.

missionaries laboring there had finished Cedar City First Ward, Parowan Stake, playing them, they began to present 1902; excommunicated June 8, 1942, in Harry H. Lunt succeeds George W. Grimlive talent programs at the request of Jamestown, E. S. M. shaw.

Stake, Verl Portneuf Ward, McCammon presentastation manager. Thesethe Lewis, born Triffena Powell Vada Harris, Hall succeeds deceased. Lorenzo sermonettes shorttions consisted of in 18, Sept. excommunicated 1911; Spanish Third Fork Palmyra Ward, songs, a sacred with andintermingled 3, 1942. S. Indiana, Aug. M., North N. Stake, succeeds A. LeGrande Cope James of phasetenminute on some sermon 22, born Pendrak, Pierce Smith. Fern MayMormonism. Stake, Alvin Branch, in Hawthorne Reno 1942, Aug., 1914; excommunicated a years without complete two For succeeds Bowler. George H. Hughes South City SumSecond Ward, Park to offered has the gospel beenbreak, Stake, Francis South LuSummit Ward, Stake. mit eastern Iowa, of western Nepeoplethe Earl cian BradCrittenden C. succeeds M.

12, Schrieber, April born Martin John southMissouri, northern andbraska, shaw.

ern Minnesota over station KFNF. 1908; excommunicated May 12, 1942, Ogden Second Ward, Weber Stake, AlThere have been many requests for inin Lynhurst Branch, N. S. M. don C. Sorensen succeeds Frank C. Simformation about the gospel. Bert Conrad Silverthorne, born Sept. mons.

1, 1894; excommunicated in Ogden Riverton First Ward, West Jordan Stake,

Twelfth Ward, Mt. Ogden Stake, Aug. son.Elmo W. Hamilton succeeds N. K. Thom-

5, 1942. El Paso Ward, Mount Graham Stake,

Martha Mae Villers, born June 3, George Q. Payne succeeds Arwell L. Pierce,

1922; excommunicated in North Inrecently appointed head of the Mexican

diana, N. S. M., Aug. 3, 1942. Mission.

Stake Presidency Buildings Dedicated Changes Noted "Phe combination Smithfield Stake "D euben M. Wiberg has been released

* tabernacle and Smithfield Ward A as first counselor in the West chapel was dedicated August 16 by Jordan Stake presidency. Parley A.

President David O. McKay of the Young, formerly second counselor, was

First Presidency. sustained as first counselor, with N.

The combination Franklin Stake K. Thomson succeeding Elder Young

First Preston tabernacle and Ward as second counselor.

ELDER VERL by 23, dedicated August (Continued on page 638) chapel was SHENANDOAH,F. SCOTT ON IOWASTATION KFNF,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1942

Book of Mormon Original President Wood was sustained to 19, by a division of the Winder Ward.

Form Proofs Purchased continue his services as president of Rex C. Reeve was sustained as bishop.

A full set of printer's form proofs the Alberta Temple. StakeThe ElwasMontecreatedWardAugustof the Pasadena30, from

** of the original edition of the Book Those Who Have Passed Away parts of the Baldwin Park and the Roseprinted at Palmyra,of Mormon, New Ellsworth wards. E. Thyrle was mead Hiileilani Wiggin, Paahana Mary Sister in recently 1830, purchasedYork, was as bishop sustained the of new ward. for of missionthe years a friend many Clara C. from Mrs. Wilfordby Wood aries Islands, in died the Hawaiian California.Giese, of Barbara, Santa Disorganized June 29, Wards in the Islands. at her home

of thirtyseven proofs, each form The the of patriarch Knecht, the S. Lava and James Topaz New HThe Ward sixteen pages, uncut unyellowed by

his Island Stake, died at home York Long the were Stake of Portneuf A Ward built resting inage, box, specially a and 24. he years twentyfour July For was Springs the with Hot merged Lava first sheets the very comwere among the president witnessof Branch, Brooklyn 3. H. Carl Bishop on Ward Maying aside the press put from and were ing the of the from a branch growth the released Topaz from few Monson was the Gilbert, time printer the the of thousand. H. toby a over John At members

Book of Mormon, as they were printed. of his death he was also a member of the Ward, and Bishop Charles A. ByingThey were in the possession of Mr. New York Stake high council. ton was released from the Lava Ward.

Smithfleld the of finally Bishop for years, Hooper DouglasGilbert becommany in Missionaries Released August, accidentally Smithfleld Stake, Third Ward,ing of the property Sexton, Pliny T. 1942, Others Previously Not and killed in June. estate real great deal of a ownedwho Reportedin Hill including the Palmyra, Cumorah. Organized Wards P. Keith Spanish Anderson, Argentine: It case a had Sexton was Mr. who

Fork, Brewerton, Utah; Los Denton Young of the Fifth the for is built City evidently them, 'T'he Cedar which Ward California; L. Angeles, Brown, Donald

in 7, they are today.one created July Stake was Parowan Christensen, Idaho Provo, Utah; Dale M.

Upon Mr. Sexton's death, the by a division of the Cedar City First Falls, Idaho; John Alexander Edward, Salt

Church purchased the Hill Cumorah Ward, with William B. Adams as Lake City; Billie Forest Fotheringham,

from his estate, but the form proofs bishop. Minersville, Utah; John Jarvis Haley, Salt

became the property of his niece, who The Valley View Ward of the Big Lake City; Billy Hugo Huish, Douglas,

had married a former nobleman by the Cottonwood Stake was created July Arizona; Lawrence Alma Janson, El Paso,

name of Hans Giese. At her death Texas; Clark S. Knowlton, Holliday, Utah;

Utah; Provo, Leland property.they her husband's became ELDER WILFORD F. City; Salt Lake DAVID EXAMINEC. WOODORIGINALAND PRESIDENTBOOK OF RussellStanfordJ. McCullough,Madsen, McKAYElder purchased from the them Wood 660) (Continued on page PAGE PROOFS. MORMON0.present Giese. Mrs.

Included in the purchase was a typewritten statement signed in 1892 by

Mr. Gilbert which accompanied photographs of the "Mormon Hill"or Hill

Cumorah which were exhibited at the

Chicago World's Fair of 1893.

Monuments Unveiled A stone monument honoring the first * settlers of Willow Creek was dedicated August 14, by Daughters of

Utah Pioneers residing in Shelton,

Idaho. Willow Creek pioneers are believed to have established the first

farms in the upper Snake River valley in A1874.granite and cobblestone monument

to honor two Spanish Fork and Spring ville, Utah, pioneers killed in the battle of Diamond Fork was dedicated Auust 21, with Elder George Albert mith of the Council of the Twelve, president of the Pioneer Trails and

Landmarks Association, in attendance.

President Wood Retires As Stake President A fter thirtynine years of service as * president of the Alberta Stake.

President Edward H. Wood was released at special services August 16.

in Cardston, Alberta, Canada, under the direction of Elder Stephen L Richards of the Council of the Twelve, who was accompanied by Bishop Joseph L.

Wirthlin of the Presiding Bishopric.

Willard L. Smith, member of the

Alberta Stake high council, and a former president of the Samoan Mission, was sustained as the new stake president; his counselors are H. G.

Jensen and Gordon Breverton. The

retiring counselors are S. W. Jacobs

and John S. Smith.

HufBoofiltacfi

STREAMLINE YOUR SELLING CONVERSATIONAL SPANISH

(Merrill O. Maughan, Olsen Publishing Some LatinAmerican books de- (Lipp and Besso. Hastings House, New

Co.. Milwaukee. 1942. $2.50.) serving attention from those who York. Revised Edition, 1942. 168

wish to be informed on current pages. $1.25.)

yesterjob can't with interest do today's the in current **"VTou Latin Amerhemisphere situations are reviewed. WITH

toin business * day's ica, and be methods to persons glad will be many know morrow."That is the theme of this exthat there is this book available which will

It selling. insists that treatise "the cellent the to learn enable on them Spanish language CHILE PROGRESS OF LAND is selling to return"style old is quickly. publication This sponsored and gone—never Illustrated. P. (Earl Reynal Hanson.

the and presents convincingly newer air the and forces used the of United by army 1941. York, Hitchcock, and New lifts It the it salesmanship. better is of bit States, the methods while and a heavy on 201 $1.75.) pages.

It plane. selling to of high business new, terms, aviation of ninety percent a the words

in interest the lands the current profitably read that could this in in be is a by occur the of used book order book With its this takes place as a below, book all all business and salesmen in and by frequency men range and Spanish Graded A to increase underhelpful publication most like to that they comideas would have Milton who A. Buchanan, which by Book Word

municate to others. It is brief, could be standing between the United States and was based on a study of forty different

read at one sitting, but is packed full of wisChile. The author seems to have spent sources of Spanish literature.

dom. The author, a leading official of the much time in studying all available maThat the authors have analyzed their

Church in Chicago, is a successful trade terials in order to write an upto-theminute problem intelligently and thoroughly is eviexecutive and sales counselor. The book authentic book. The author treats not only denced from the care with which they preis beautifully printed, illustrated and bound. the economic opportunities that lie in Chile, pared the various sections of the book in

It is a streamlined contribution to the art but also the cultural development, the eduaddition to their section, "A Word about, social cation, the legislation, as well as the the Vocabulary of this Text."M. C. J, of selling.—/. A. W. history country. of the

The book is readably informative and OUR LATIN AMERICAN

AMERICA'S NUTRITION PRIMER should be of great interest to the American NEIGHBORS

C. public—M.

to Eat and What Why MEXICO A Introduction Sense, (Eleanor NEW/. SPAIN New(PhilipYork,Leonard1942.Green.182 Hastingspages. $2.00.)House, by E. V.

McCollum. M. Barrows > Co., New WITH OLD FRIENDS 'T'his handy, informative book dealing with

York. 95 pages. $1.50.) (J. B. Trend. Macmillan Company, * the lands that lie south of the United

New York, 1941. 185 pages. $2.50.) States deserves to be widely read to increase our understanding title, is its interest in simdescribed the and a book, by scholar should a welbook be by This THIS great countries is destiny whose closely so the of of ple discussion needs nugood all like to reading to come would who linked ours. with in trition, written language nontechnical better. the understand In volume, Mexico

author The has into their gone is backIt that understood anyone. be by may similarities differpoints Dr. out Trend and

in grounds to order intelligent make an particularly the of to use adapted women ences between Mexico, Spain and and analysis of the racial question foster to a family food the provide cook and who diffilinguistic particularly the emphasizes sympathetic understanding of it North Ameris of to those equal value though who culties within the of Mexico. chapter Some icans for the South American point of view. their right the health eating guard by would will headings of give idea the diverse some

the United States Where has called been foods. this in items included while worth book: the melting pot, South countries American Trees, the Bookshops, Colonial application Architecunderstands and wide who One have been melting pots. many ture; will Pyramids; of the Toltec the of Christmas Legends; question Wisdom Word This will book have great for a appeal in all for that Mexico; Indians; eat Alphabets Maya; advice every "one must day the general it reading public is since well fish Spanish; serving Pilgrim Mexican of generous meat, poultry or FaThe New authoritatively and /. C. thers. written.—M. liver in serving with a of a once week"

authoritative This addition to or answers volume eggs "two an one egg and many THE IN PANAMA CANAL arise that the questions in in those extra of serving minds of meat,"to addition one PEACE AND WAR interested in are southern our for milk adults pint of for who quart and one Padelford. (Norman Macmillan The children. the True, C. needs body ample—M.neighbor. an J. Company, York, 1942. J.New

it of protein daily, supply but of much pages. 327 $3.00.) MEET SOUTH AMERICANS THE supplied should be meatsubstitutes by

milk, eggs, cheese, and vegetable proteins, (Carl Crow. Harper and Brothers, 'TrHE author of this book, professor of

peas, beans, and lentils, especially in warm New York, 1941. 350 pages. $3.00.) * international law in the Fletcher School

and Diplomacy, Law the of has executed a to no introduction toldweather. that Crow needs shall be meat We are Carl

of great book timely significance. Beginused sparingly reading then American only and "in times have of public who

winter, or of cold, or famine."hailed his previous books with great delight. ning with the reasons for the canal, he explains the rights the of and powers United previous These the books of author have this exception, the With book be may in States that canal, as well the as governdealt the situation, with Oriental and simple, asused a wise guide to nutrigood it ment, administration is signifiand economic interest will the that with genuine reader It is tion. illustrated well the author by of the cance in canal both of time this peace pick and book, learn to eager up whether contains aand few sample recimenus and time of war. the for he this has background study. newerpes.—L. D. W.

information The besides vital being of conversational to the The approach South

GOD GAVE ME EYES nerAmericanof impartingpeoplesknowledge.offers an interestingAlthoughmanthe ourimportancecurrent topositiona completein theunderstandingCaribbean Sea.of

also gives the reader of is inthe some locale different, most the Oriental background Burt. Illustrated (Olive Woolley by Ellen teresting sidelights the on canal; for inof Carl previous Crow's creepsSegner. Gabriel Samuel Sons and is he told that a boat passing this through constantly into the adstance, newer experiencebook—to 1942.Company, $1.25.) New York, the Panama Canal from the Atlantic to of vantage the information imparts. he

the is Pacific, twentyseven miles farther the in cement Even de Janeiro Rio work three to from seven willChildren east at the Pacific of the end revel streets canal than the seems to remind of Mr. Crow

in this delightfully illustrated book. at the Atlantic was that end; the canal Oriental is designs fait with he which so

Their parents will delight in the wholesomemiliar. fifty miles long and requires about sevenis

it.ness the of in subject matter contained for transit; hours that the is canal under details book The portrays by giving many

is feel family whole will that thisThe one the supervision the of Secretary of clearly the of life for the South AmeriWar way theof loveliest that into could books come rather the than Secretary of State. icans, so ours. from markedly

their homes. timely This find should book readit a wide for diversion, inbook becomes A gooddiffering

The poem of twentyfour lines is in reality valuable in trying to make an intelligent ing public among those who wish to keep a prayer of gratitude and dedication, much approach to the better understanding of the informed. M. C. }.

needed in these trying times. M. C. J. South American mind. M. C. J, {Concluded on page 649)

=jdtDUaL

A ccording to present plans, the Era will give an account of the October conference

A continuation of the conditions existing proceedings and addresses in its November prior to the General Conference of April number. Subscribers are asked to make allast in the matter of travel, has determined us lowance for late delivery of the magazine for

to forego holding a General Conference of November since getting the verbatim conferall Church members on this coming October ence speeches into print will unavoidably de3rd and 4th. lay press time.

However, a seeming lessening of certain contingencies and dangers which appeared to exist at the time of the last April Conference, has led us to decide to hold a General ConSJjiongsL Company ference but again to confine attendance thereat to the Priesthood of the Church, though One of the things most evident in our shifting broadening the base of representation of our way of life is the severing of old ties, the abanPriesthood organizations. donment of old associations, the uprooting from

Accordingly, we invite to the Conference things to which we have been long attached. In

to be held, beginning on October 3, 1942, at the great displacement that has come about, with 10:00 a.m., and continuing through Saturday floods of humanity surging here and there, the

and Sunday, the following named officers: steadying influence of lifelong bonds is ofttimes

General Authorities of the Church quickly broken.

Presidencies of stakes When acquaintance is wellseasoned and friendFormer presidents of stakes ship enjoys natural growth, men are likely to find

Patriarchs of stakes themselves in the company of those with whom

High councilmen of stakes they can share common ideals. But when suddenly

Presidencies of high priests quorums someone in his formative years is snatched from

Presidencies of seventies quorums his native soil and thrust among strangers, in the

Presidencies of elders quorums quick grasping for new associations mistakes may

Bishoprics of wards be made, mistakes that lead to bad company, wrong

Mission presidents habits, careless attitudes—and, sometimes, things

Temple presidencies yet worse.

Presidencies of independent branches For a seasoned traveler, or an experienced judge it isn't difficult to estimate men Presidents of dependent branches of human nature,

Admission to the temple grounds for this after brief association; but to confused young men,

occasion will be only by admission card, proplonely, and far removed from the counsel they erly countersigned. These cards will in no have been accustomed to seek, the old idea of "any case be transferable. They will be issued port in a storm"—any friend in an unknown town

only through the presidents of stakes to all is often the forerunner of grave consequences, bestake and ward officers. Cards to others will cause men tend to take on the characteristics of

be issued through the office of the First Presithe company in which they travel. The first of all

dency. the Psalms takes note of this thing in its admonition

Announcements as to time and place of against bad association: "Blessed is the man that

meetings will be made in due course directly walketh not in the counsel of the ungodly."

to the presidents of stakes. ( Psalm 1:1.) The writer of Proverbs has expressed

Travel to and from the Conference sessions himself in different language, but in like thought:

should be by train wherever possible. "My son, if sinners entice thee, consent thou not.

Fast meetings throughout the Church will If they say, Come with us,... cast in thy lot among

be postponed one week, and will be held on us;... my son, walk not thou in the way with

October 11, 1942. them; refrain thy foot from their path: For their

feet run to evil.... Walk in the way of good men,

and keep the paths of the righteous.... Whoso

hearkeneth... shall dwell safely, and shall be

quiet from fear of evil."(Proverbs 1:10, 11, 14, 15,

16, 33; 2:20.)

Here then is wisdom: When we find ourselves

in strange company we must not be less discriminatThe First Presidency. ing in those we take unto ourselves, nor less discriminating in our conduct when we find ourselves

in strange places. R. L. E.

mission service, power, or authority. With this in

mind many otherwise obscure scriptural passagesEvidences and may be understood. ( See D. & C. 77:9, 14; Revelation 7:2, 3; 10:1-11.)

The names Elijah and Elias are but variations ofreconciliations one original name. Therefore, in many languages

these names are translated alike, as Elias. This has

tended to confuse many gospel students who do notJbl U/Ao idu Uol? (Mat u, use English Bibles as to the personality of Elias.

Indeed, Elijah to Elias and have been appear madeJthsL TftUMOtL JCffi Ua6u?

so, as one person. for it should Yet not be many

At the dedication of the Kirtland Temple in April, different men in various historical periods may have 1 836, several ancient prophets appeared and deborne the same name. For example, the Baptist and

livered their keys of authority to Joseph Smith and the Revelator were both named John.

Oliver Cowdery. Among these worthies was Elias, We do know that Elias was a mighty man of God

who "committed the dispensation of the gospel of charged in his day with a most important mission.

Abraham, saying that in us and our seed all generaWe know also that any man who may be called to tions after us should be blessed."(D.6C. 110:12; prepare the way for the consummation of the Lord's

see also, Matthew 17:1-13) From this reference purposes is engaged in the mission of Elias, and

to "the dispensation of the gospel of Abraham,"it therefore may be called an Elias.

has been concluded that Elias was a prophet who It should be said that some students believe that lived near the time of the patriarch, Abraham. Elias who appeared in the Kirtland Temple was

Really, nothing more definite is known about the Noah, the patriarch. Modern revelation informs

person Elias and his activity on earth. It is very us that Elias visited Zacharias to inform him that he

evident that he was a personage of importance, for should have a son known later as John the Baptist.

he held the "keys"of authority in a mission of vital (D. & C. 27:7) The Bible says that it was the

importance in carrying out on earth the plan of salangel Gabriel who visited Zacharias. ( Luke 1:19)

vation. Joseph Smith said that Gabriel is Noah. These

More is known about the nature of the mission of students conclude, therefore, that Elias is another

Elias. In a revelation to the Prophet, in August name or title for Noah. This inference may or may

1830, it is stated that the Lord has committed to not be correct. The name Gabriel may be borne by

Elias "the keys of bringing to pass the restoration more than one personage or it may be a title as in of all things spoken by the mouth of all the holy the case of Elias. When Elias, the man, lived, and

prophets since the world began, concerning the last what he did in his life, must for the present remain

A. W. days."(D. & C. 27:6) In the same revelation it is in the field of conjecture.—/.

stated that the angel who visited Zacharias, the faofther the Baptist, "that promised should he John Ivii. (fasL CUL fcxalisuL U)ho fcrdtsui. ahave son, and his name John, should be he and

filled spiritshould with the of Elias."be (Verse 7; JthsL fek&tiaL $I&ty?

it also,see clear Luke 1:17) has been made Now,

from a later revelation that the mission of John was A person's works, under the loving mercy of the "to prepare them [the Jews and others] for the Father, determine his final judgment, whether coming of the Lord."(D. & C. 84:28; see also, he shall inherit the celestial, terrestrial, or telestial

Luke 1:5-17; John 1:1928) It is concluded from glory. The conditions for entering the celestial

this and other passages (See D. & C. 77:9, 14) that glory, the only one with which the Church is conthe mission and spirit of the prophet Elias are to do cerned, are set forth in soullifting words in section

the necessary preparatory work whenever a gospel 76 of the Doctrine and Covenants. ( See verses 50dispensation or period is about to be opened. This 70) The conditions there enumerated are those

is in full accord with the teachings of the Prophet which the Church has always taught men to accept

Joseph Smith that "The spirit of Elias is to prepare and obey.

the way for a greater revelation of God, which is Within each glory, composed of innumerable the Priesthood of Elias, or the Priesthood that beings, there appear to be several, perhaps many,

Aaron was ordained unto. And when God sends degrees to fit the gradations of attainment or ca-

a man into the world to prepare for a greater work, pacity among various groups. It is somewhat like

holding the keys of the power of Elias, it was called the practice of some universities. All who have

the doctrine of Elias."( Teachings of the Prophet fulfilled the requirements are graduated with the

Joseph Smith, pp. 335, 336 same degree and are made members of the alumni

This understanding of the mission and spirit of association. But, some receive upon their diploma

Elias has led many writers, ancient and modern, to added commendation according to the excellence speak of any person charged with preparatory work, of their work, "with honors,""with high honors,"one who goes before, as an Elias. Thus, John the or "with highest honors."Or perhaps a better

Baptist was an Elias in his work as a forerunner of comparison—some have qualified, in addition to

the Christ. Similarly, each personage, from Moroni the general requirements for professional service,

to those appearing in the Kirtland Temple, who inin one of the many activities of society. So in

troduced the present, last dispensation of the gosthe celestial glory, all faithful persons will repel, may be spoken of as an Elias. Elias, then, is ceive some degree of exaltation, but not all full

often used as a title, as the titles of bishop, prophet, exaltation. Only dimly do we understand condior president are used, betokening a special position, tions in the "other world."(Concluded on page 671 )

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

and reported by an English amateur, }. P. M. Prentice.

the Stargazing people is to many for the perfect to a search JhlL answer hobby.

CHALLENGING THOUGHT PERFECT Tn a recent contest conducted jointly * by the Frederick A. Stokes and the

Lippincott Company concerning what young people could do for their country HOBBY now, Miss Jean Terese Quirk of Leavenworth, Kansas, won first place.

By MORRISON COLLADAY We reprint her answer because we feel that it will stimulate other young polar caps of Mars, the satellites of Jupiter;—and older—folk to consider seriously

help. they too how may nebulae, stars, and moon on the to double idea is good very a i. T.. detail. fascinating infinitude Can of an For Can What these, Now? I Do and like in My Country times a hobbyhave his astronom-. person the average own make

I hobby. girl good it a of high school to idea better an have American am is a he lens? the ical including telescope, Must

What is a good hobby? or she be a mechanical genius? If the amaage.

One that provides enough excitement teur telescopemaker must be a genius, as I cannot directly partake in my counso you won't get tired of it; one that many seem to believe, then more than five try's struggles, but

you can pursue at night when your thousand lawyers, doctors, accountants, I can help her as only those at home can together men, business teachers, cost school that doesn't with I can conserve one for Victory by: own; is yourtime

all done of have half a dozen women, whom aren't hobbyists not wasting time, most becausemuch, years, past the few within it successfully rich. must be geniuses. sacrificing luxuries for defense savThere is a hobby that thousands of ings;

men and women, boys and girls have Grinding the lens is not particularly salvaging discarded or unused metal, found meets all these requirements. Bedifficult, though it takes time and papaper, rubber, and rags;

lieve it or not, it is amateur stargazing. tience. A disc of glass is placed in a walking, thereby saving tires and gas;

It is possible to find many interesting frame, and the surface ground into conby saving and sharing books and pedisc. glass At form by a smaller small cave a even with skythings in the riodicals—increasingly difficult to

the is used between first carborundum replace; small a course, eventelescope. Of

telescope costs considerable if you buy grinding discs; then emery as the lens planting a "victory garden";

shape, begins to take leisure and finally a paste, using time taking for First Aid to people have than mostit—more rouge. jeweller's as known assisting the Cross. and Red if you However, a hobby.spend on

build one yourself, the cost is so low for The persons who have built their I can realize that I must:

a very useful instrument that it is withown telescopes range in occupation obey those in authority without grumin the means of the average schoolboy, from laborers to bank presidents. bling;

not or rumors spread propaganda; the averimportant,and, what is more

in earnestly school study to It is possible to do serious work in and work is entirely competent schoolboyage build it. astronomy with even the smallest homeindustriously at home;

Associations of beginning astronomade telescope. Some amateurs have be cheerful, calm, and resist defeatmers made up of persons who have made discoveries that brought them ism, thus strengthening my own

each constructed a telescope to qualify worldwide fame. P. F. Goffen says: morale and that of others!

for membership now exist in all parts Paradoxical as it may seem, the profes- I can begin now, if I have not already of the country. There are at least sional astronomer rarely has time to scan done so, to ask God daily for a swift

eleven of them in the vicinity of New the heavens. His mind is bent on mathevictory and a just peace.

York City. matical computations. But the amateur may

the like forth explorer venture an among telesix-inch build beginners Most IN SCRAP GET THE from constellations. the All world over parts, the all If the they buyscopes. for are Victory! points scattered scrap makamateurs vantage Wanted: Farm doltwenty-five will abouttotal cost be of the the discoveries ing about movements shares, plow Wornout Wanted: parts If automobilelars. old use they stars, submeteors, variable comets and and cultivators! mowers, and

probabfixtures can they profesto the their observations mitting plumbingand tubes, casinner Wanted: Wornout

discovIt the sionals. countless comets takes dollars. about ten Of forly get by ings, boots! rubber and a last in twentyfive the ered it spent of time, hours'mosta hundred years—and for Victory! scrap Wanted: Farm is almost every sighted one new telefinished day—fifty lens. thein grinding The six million half are farms a and There observers. percent reported amateur were by which of one the will work doscope

.. in States. those of the United. Each

if fifty dollars hundred cost twowould farm a Kansas Clyde Tombaugh, yield of should farms hundreds pounds bought in the ordinary way. boy, who built his first telescope from of scrap for our great national scrap

Albert G. Ingalls of the Scientific the parts of a discarded cream separharvest.... You can help fill that quota

American, who wrote the standard ator, was the first person to see the by salvaging the scrap on your farm...

book on amateur telescopemaking, planet Pluto. Leslie G. Peltier of DelSell it to a scrap dealer.,.. He will put

says: phos, Ohio, has had a comet named it to work for Victory.... This is one

... Let's Such an instrument is capable of magniafter him. Nova Herculis, the remarkway you can help win the war.

fying fifty or one hundred diameters. It able new star that blazed up in the make the national scrap harvest a conwill reveal the tilted rings of Saturn, the heavens a few years ago, was first seen tinuing success!

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1942 diomdif dibits ftested menus and recipes

Payment for Handy Hints used will be one dollar upon publication. In the event

that idea are submitted, two with the same will earlier receivethe postmarked one the that keep your food bills down!

dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

but each will receive careful consideration.

WRITE FOR BORDEN'S FENNY BANQUETS children's If the in holes stockings are TODAY \j instead of darned,patched smoother a muchmend will result. Take an old stocking, n

(the same color as the one to be mended, if possible) and fit a patch to the inside of thehole, then darn through the patch once. Clip m. m

the edges of the patch as close to the darning as possible, leaving a flat, smooth patch.

This method is a great time saver.—Mrs.

V. P. A., Salt Lake City, Utah.

When a jelly will not set add a few drops of lemon juice.—M. S., Lehi, Utah,

Lace edgings or fragile doilies can be WORRIED about rising food prices? 2. 12 recipes for hearty, nutritious

washed safely by shaking them in a fruit jar Here's help. Send your name and meals made with Borden's Evaporated

of mild soap suds.—Mrs. A. B. H Salt address, plus the name and address of Milk—the golden,Westernmade evapLake City, Utah. your grocer to Borden's, 50 N. Main orated milk irradiated with Vitamin D.

St., City. Salt Lake rich, into goodness Blends creamy fine rolled into cracker pieces and A soda

free the Get dish! BORDEN'S PENNY every single Write today!sprinkled pie crust of the over lower a fruit

will prevent fruit juice running over into BANQUET folder that helps you serve the oven. A., Attamont, Mrs. D. Kansas. balanced straining the without meals BORDEN'S

budget. Here's you get: what

fresh, celery keep wash thoroughly, Toput in twoquart jar and seal. Keep in re- 1. 12 balanced, seasonal mentis that EVAPORATED MILK

frigerator and it will be crisper than ever. may cut your food bills as much as Irradiated with Vitamin D

—Mrs. R. H. H., Caldwell Idaho. $2.69 a week. Borden Co.

In making a garment that has patch pockets, when sewing the pockets on, instead of just stitching them on the usual way, I place a double fold of the material under the top corners of the pocket. This

reinforces the strength of the material and prevents the pockets from tearing out at the corners. When through turn over and

clip reinforcements close.—Mrs. A. McK.,

Luther, Michigan.

WATCf>ft**, r - AND jtoohs Cofiier -Qj By Josephine B. Nichols

Oven Baked Beans in Tomato Shells

6 to 8 firm ripe tomatoes 6 slices crisp bacon, chopped 2 green peppers chopped and fried in bacon fat 2 cups oven baked beans pulp tomatoes from Remove to form mmshells, shells sprinkle with salt. Combine

tomato pulp with bacon, peppers and beans.

Fill shells with bean mixture, bake in moderate oven (375 F.) twenty minutes.

Salmon Loaf With Vegetables 1 2 cups salmon v 1 cup soft bread crumbs S*<ss 2 tablespoons lemon juice

1 parsley jtljjWIHninnrlMnTii m tablespoon chopped x/i teaspoon salt pepper 1 cup milk 2 eggs, slightly beaten GLOBE "A1

Mix all ingredients together and put in (Concluded on page 644) PANCAKE and WAFFLE FLOUR

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1942

before it must promote its own resources. Dancing, parties, games, socials, religious services must rely upon

our ingenuity. Let's not drop everyKEEP thing as we try to help our neighbors

across the sea. Do something that

will keep the hands and head and feet out of the mischief they are liable to innocently wander into in the search of THEM occupation for leisure time.

It's a challenge to the Church and the leaders of its auxiliaries. Let's not

fail our soldier boys, our pioneer heriFLYING tage, or ourselves. Let's keep the banner of ideals flying!

By ANN RASMUSSEN Cooks'Corner to Defense! 1—"'efense! Decome; make them courageous when (Concluded from page 643)

spreads.. against surprise bombings, fense!.. danger

against air raids, against torpedos, Taken from home are our young men. well buttered mold. Place mold in pan of

against the devastating horrors of faMany hold the holy Priesthood of God. water and bake in moderate oven (350 F.)

for fortyfive minutes. large on Unmold disease They were mine and malnutrition and

platter, good when they left. How serving fill center with creamed return? they threaten in time will us to overwhelm which cauliflower place carrots and cooked and

of war. You who are yet to join your string beans around outside edge.

But is the world in general fashioning comrades in battle, recall and establish (While salmon is still available, we a defense program for the sustaining your courage to say "No"to the evils should use it.)

of ideals, morals, mental soundness? that will confront you. When you Applesauce Muffins

Now, in a greater role, the Church have faced an ordeal, don't try to relax of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is by submitting to the flattering, soothing Y2 cup shortening sugar cup appeals of apart a world the from one is help. necesto Comfort upon

corn cup syrup left. let 34% virtue Don't have out you go of the gospel kind comfort calledsary—the 2 eggs of yourself satisfy to the craving which teleto the gives person opens a who cup applesauce 24 will be in the turmoil upon of you emoson, or her husband, and gram knows 2 flour cups

or father, or sweetheart is missing, pertion. Remember God and His word. Re- 2 teaspoons baking powder

haps dead. member your parents, your grandpar- ]/2 teaspoon salt

But more than comfort is needed. 1 cup chopped nuts

will at home too who remain ents.We enough, are old understandThose who shortening together, sugar and Cream

established problems. luxMany its glory a measure, well. and its inhavewar in add corn syrup beaten and beat Add

famy, the struggle for human selfcon- uries and entertainments will be taken eggs and applesauce. Sift flour, baking

trol. They understand the grief which from us. We must put something in powder and salt together and add to creamed

refined, cultured, mixture. nuts. educain greased Bake mufAdd devastation their place—acomes, the made by a hard

fin (375 pans in moderate F.) twenty oven that will our program keep young battalion, retreating a and tional andenemy to twentyfive minutes. in people in the Church, the home, and soldiersthe take of some ways who

their pleasure as it comes. Some young in good company. Quick Coconut Macaroons

men came back from the last war with The place to start is in the home. (no sugar required)

hearts clean, souls free, and minds full Make every night one of happiness. 732 oz. can sweetened condensed milk

of virtue. Others, too much a part of Forget the trifles of the day and bring 3 cups (32 lb.) shredded coconut

what they had been through, had sucout your own originalities and family 1 teaspoon vanilla cumbed to indecency. talents. Compose programs, invite your

milk condensed sweetened cocoand Mix to the friends to house and over come auxiliaries had have always Church vanilla. nut, spoonfuls add Drop on by parties fun. enjoy homemade Have satisfying responsibilitythe of the needs sheet, apart. greased about baking inch one

will cheerful. friends that instil your its make within to aof them members; (350 F.) in ten moderate minoven Bake

desire and love for the good in life; to Beside the home, the Church must utes or until delicate brown. Remove from

make them strong when temptations share responsibility. More than ever pan at once. Makes about thirty.

w umclem mmm mtcmmmm

MAKE ALL YOUR WASH LOOK

Abso-lutely FAULTLESS 5{—10<—2'54'AT YOUR GROCER'S

DIFFERENT FROM THIS DAY ( Concluded from page 627) if you get the technical part. Are IDEAS

"Oh, sure, let's finish that before you going to stay and get it?"From My Kitchen to Yours!

of it dictated the last go."you He Earl. said "I—"bet,""You STEWS He "GLAMOROUS"story. the Earl Bartramand news thrust his quickly out and hand MAKE THE NEWS

poked the professor's thick shoulder. Meat stews or meat leftoversI need no

with Serve "unglamorous."be longer out. hurried he Then gone, had Martha When Bing Cherry Preserves and Garden Tea

for the the For his desk about onhe poked a moment your fam- a piecede-resistance have professor gazed you poem he had begun. Not finding it after him. Then he swung his creakily will really go for! Made from whole

readily, he took up the beginning ing chair around and looked out the ripe cherries, deliciously preserved—Tea

flavor delicious enticing, adds Garden's novel at mountains. high the great theof Mountain window Rocky The

meals. life to color drab otherwise and inwriting. the of so vanished morning had beganand snow He was

tea dainty sandwiches: For

it thetent a not hear summits, red did but that he gray from the upon blended with walnuts Chopped student enter. The young man and yellow of the autumn leaves chopped Tea Garden Maraschino Cherries,

waited silently just inside the door. glowed in the hazefiltered sunshine HOT DRIPS

Finally the professor looked up. of late afternoon. Try this one on your hotcakes now that

"Earl!"he shouted. "What's this crisp October mornings are here. Inof as serving stead Tea Garden is—heat quitting school?"about your it over Drips pour hotcakes and your he dropped more Unce for hotcakesmooth, appetiterousing a leaving "I'm tomorrow."his the elbows gathered desk on and flavor. syrup Garden Tea Drips—that's can't quit art. here, see you "Now the threads together. of his novel real the He syrup with American

You're on your way up, boy!"added several sentences before the lightfully different flavor. the dequit,""I said Earl Bartram. won't closed, crack, door a opened and "ORCHIDS"PRESERVES TO

11 back do? you "What'Go It's favorite old quite custom, small, but an again. grayto then opened A frescoes covcharcoal ondrawing these sugarless thing days. the To make in. haired peeped woman

ered wagons and barn walls?"lemonade more delightful, sweeten

in, he Mrs. Hansen!""Come with Preserves. Strawberry Garden Tea Earl said with a grim "Maybe,"real of preserves whole, ripe called. rose with and bowed He

It's quit art. "but I won't glortheir jam. And They'restrawberries—not too massive courtesy as entered. she

ious, will rich flavor to add zest I can't."any meal.smile,much—fun. waiting?"been you "Have

leaving?"are you "Then why grandtasting baked Want ham? shyly. "I long,"smiled she "Not Earl out the looked window. Then

Garnish uith Red Currant for?"you what I've come know hard. guess back, swallowing turnedhe Tea Garden Jelly

"It's fun to eat, too.""Yes,"he said, "you've finished

"Well, you're going to eat for a your novel!"WITHOUTBUFFET LUNCHEONA MAID...

while anyway,"grinned the profes- "And here it is!"She handed him Set the food buffet style on the diningsor. "Look here—I've got a surprise a brownwrapped package. "You room table. Choose between "lap"servfor you."He drew the check from promised to read it, you know."ice or individual places set at small

his breast pocket and handed it to "That's right. And I'm much intotables.serve?TwoHere'scoursesa tipare onenough.a luncheonWhat

the young man. terested, too. Now, you aren't in a which can be prepared in advance

Earl stared at it. With stiff lips hurry, are you? Just leave it with

he said, "What's this?"me for a week or two so that I can, Stuffed Tomato Salad

Butterflake Rolls tell said the prodidn't "I you,"it."well, brood over

Tea ApricotPineapple Gardenfessor, three or "but ago weeks two hesitated. She Preserves wonder—would

I sent of drybrush your drawsome it Rice Chocolate like to too Whip to be much "I ask—I'd

Beverage A.;ings to K. E. remember you it off in or two. send a day And

is Note: The above an idea from Tea Garden's pictures, calfbranding,those rodeo like there things I'd are to go entitled some booklet 20page "Entertaining

bucking bronchos, and the clown on over with you."a maid."Write for your free copy. without

his burro."sighed. the professor The Not

! $5.00 IDEA FOR AN boy continued to stare at the The sigh deepdiaphragmed he was caIf of a novel serving way Teacheck. of, pable wholly it but one almost menin. If Garden you havedelicacies—send "But just because K. E. A. has tal, which his visitor could not see. Improvement Era Editor judges it suffithe

interesting to ciently this use in stuff, column, think don't of yourtaken some asked, smiling "Tonight?"she up

will a send $5.00 you merchandise we the professor arrived,"saidyou've I at him. busy, awfully "You're order redeemable at your Tea Garden training,sternly. and need "You but the are the people know, busy grocer. idea Mail with and nameplenty of it."ones who—dress of your Tea Garden grocer to me,adEarl nodded, still looking down. "Tonight, then,"he rumbled, "at c/o Tea Garden Products, San Francisco.

"What does the art department my home. Come any time after

about you?"say seven."

said Earl draftsmanship,""Poor "How you do it, I don't know,"YOUR TEA GARDEN HOSTESS huskily. said, shaking head. her she "You PRESERVES JELLIES right. you've they're Now, "And things to write have must want you TEA GRAPE JUICE vitality freedom,got and and SYRUPS it. you yourself. appreciate But I do GARDEN

things.can see But you need the I—MARASCHINO QUALITY CHERRIES

too."thing,other "That's all right, perfectly all

"Yes,"said Earl. He blinked and right,"he assured her. Smiling, he WEET PICKLED AND CANDIED FRUITS

his Adam's apple jerked up and patted the manuscript with a great SUCH A BIG DIFFERENCE IN QUALITY...

down in his thin throat. brown hand. "Who knows what's

"You'll be mentioned with Charin this? It may be the great novel SUCH A LITTLE DIFFERENCE IN PRICE!

ley Russell and Remington some day of the West!"

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1942

MORNING MILK {Concluded from pageCHANGE632) OF"Yes.HEARTShe talked about her

her. His voice had a strange sound. coat—"

Born Hesitantly she came downstairs. "Did you mean it or were you just

In the dark hallway she couldn't see covering up your hurt pride?"

it, Fred,"Ellen answered In Utah his;;Yes,face. Fred?"quietly. "I meant"I—

"Malcolm Drew offered me an oflet didn't finish that either. her He job jjj—Now fice

his arms. her in had at lunch today, but I turned He him down."

it's all right, honey. I A ManSized Ellen was silent. Fred went on. "Then

"Did you tell Mary I bought you couldn't stay, thinking you'd stopped

It believing loving me. me or last cleaner comvacuum with my

us. to wouldn't I began mission?"work—forin<#& Industry! a a pretty salesman—bad think I was to do. thing a stupid It had been She saw that now. One more blun- "Oh, Fred, I've never—

der in the long list of her mistakes. But he had one more thing to say.

You Can Be "Yes. I—""Only, honey, instead of telling

Prouci of Utah's "Did you say you liked me the the girls I'm good, save it for me,

I am? That I was a good huswill you? Love comes in handy these FastestGrowing way

band in every way?"days!"

HomeOwned

Product

T WAS only 14 years ago that \\SAIL ON AND ON plant Milk's Morning modern It's page 635 from ( Continued "Let's such catamaran. take a

at Wellsville, Utah, operabegan

I cried. here's a peculiar "Look, name,"in the registered Ogden and more tion. Because to or loyalty of your the good. sounds was That Conrad! He of of Scouts America Council Area Boy

this product Utahowned soon you a sailor almost as as he a good was privileges the is eligible and to enjoy made it an important industry. facilities of the club. All he is expected writer."So we hung our tags on the

that discovered you Then Morning next to the Conrad. fiftycent fee yearly and nails to a is pay do

Milk a finer - flavor had than any bring rules. club the Then he may obey you come in, each of you when "Now

other evaporated milk on the marhis parents and brothers and sisters takes off your own tag. So long as ket—and today you've made it over fifteen or his girl friends if they your tag is on the board, you are out

the biggest selling evaporated milk have their parents'written consent to on the lake,"Mr. Young instructed us.

in the Intermountain West. come to the club, and stay during the "Say, why do you call it a Buddy

So to you we say day or evening. If a Scout wants to Board?"I can't endure a puzzle.

all night he brings stay few or a sincerely—simple,""That's our condescended the furnish bedding. his food and Wedays, friend. in pairs. See! swim "They water."bunks, and wood nails there the are together under two their Scout Senior they on "Do 'work section. a has swimming boy Every tests here?

tab they buddy. can keep on each So so, but to urge them do "Yes. We other."

is to the club of the primary purpose

I said.;;Oh!"his physcharacter, Scout's the develop

in sits lifeguard a boat and a "Then in interest social his ical prowess and calls the watches numbers and them in a playing while others working and aren't minutes. every ten supThey group."

fifty to yards Your OWN posed from beyond swim could up here after come "They further. elucidated shore,"Mr. Young couldn't then, they?"work

Mr. Young nodded. "They may "Come on,"urged Paul and Gean.

come or go as they please except Sun- "Do you want to go sailing or not?"

MORNING MILK day,matterwhenof factthemostclubofis themclosed.are workAs a ConradDownsittingon thehighshore,and dry.we foundThe boysthe

ing in the defense effort. The club is took off their shoes and socks and rolled

r o aurecenterand associationfor their recreation,during theirand leisurepleasmentup theirwhileLevis.a hugeI tinwatcheddrum whichin amazewas

hours."nothing more than a glorified tin can

1 "Is someone always here to superwas inserted between the pontoons of TAYLOR vise; the boat. Then they gave it a shove.

"That's right,"said Mr. Young. The catamaran rolled obligingly over

"Safety First is our motto."the can into the water and the can

o rear. in the me. "Remember Paul detoured popped up Then

invited to the cat,"on,"he admonhappened This is the time to think of what "Come my aboutto-beSchool Rings and Pins. We ished me, and tossed me a life jacket. sailor husband, "take off your shoes

can furnish you with these ar- "My wife just likes to know everyand I'll play Sir Galahad."

S tides. Refinement of design thing,"he apologized to Mr. Young. I did and he did, carrying me gal-

U and quality makes us an out- "Well, this club is something I don't lantly to the Conrad. I looked at its

standing Manufacturer. mind talking about,"smiled Mr. Young nice white bottom. No wonder every

to smooth my ruffled feelings. "Now one had to take off his shoes to keep

162 So. Main St., Phone 4-8554 sign one of these tags and hang it on it so clean.

Salt Lake City, Utah the Buddy Board there by the boat you Gean carried the rudder to the boat want to sail."and we fastened it in place.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1942 "SAIL ON AND ON""If you want to go swimming when view of the lake. A radio phonograph YOUVE BEEN

you get out into the lake, drop the sails, makes it possible for the boys to listen keep one person at a time in the boat to radio features or hold dances. uCOOD SOLDI ERS"nw

and keep on your life jackets,"called By now, parties of Scouts through

Mr. Young from the shore. with their day's work had arrived with

friends in the cataand were sailing say Safety girl they mean it when "They lanor clippers. marans Two lighted here, don't First they?"I sought around

boat, of each from the masts hung agreement. terns

it outlining the shaagainst wraithlike

After the sail, we devoured our picnic dows.

spread upon snow white sugar sacks on From the roof deck we watched this the kitchen table in the clubhouse. ghostly panorama suddenly illumined

Then we were drawn irresistibly back by the moon which rose out of the hills Thanks for understanding to the lake to try the kayaks. The and hewed a silver path across the lake. that wartime conditions

paddling Scouts about in them made the died betravel and wind change down it When jacket I tied a life look so easy. Again soldiers"sailing boats, the All "good calmed Mr. Young

aptly that term deoff around aren't in the took Away me and my shoes. into climbed a motor oi civilians launch and towed army—forscribes millions lake. into the But some- I skimmed inconwar's port. into who havethe accepted each safely

all cheerfully. I With all thing wrong. moving was was Scouts were staying The who limit all veniencestransportation strained the right lake, right but so down was the carrying loads, and buses peakto sleeping cabins sitto their night went

inconveniences sometimes the paddle into my lap every time I of small ting the hillside. back on The rest occur. underdipped. standing you!"Forwe yoursay, patient"Thank of the logbook out and checked us

his did then a Scout good Just Boy Explorer's Yacht home. went The taking Before trips see any suggested. the for he day. "Look!"deed night. for the closed Club was your agent bus in advance it faster. in the won't water "Dip Then is for I the future. hope There much

have time to run down on to you."The club needs a few more things such

into went refriger- a the as pair of binoculars, fell, we a good When night circular the to and upstairsclubhouse for union pacific for preserving ator house food, a the to correspond storing things would repairing which the boats;room and

forecastle wall of a ship. will that the Scouts The curved and Scouters work STAGES

by the door had shelves of books and to get. In the winter, it is hoped that i

magazines; the rest of the wall comthe club will continue its activities with \.

pleted a circle and was punctuated by winter sports and most of all, it is hoped a series of windows so close together that other clubs will be created for

'and so continuous as to give a complete other boys all over the country. *mmm.t&m&wSsf

ANSWERS TO OLD TESTAMENT CURIOSITIES

(Questions on page 618) 8. Babylon. (Isaiah 13:19.) OLD CHURCH

1. By Adam and Eve in the Garden 9. Shall stand before kings and not

of Eden. (Genesis 3:8.) before mean men. (Proverbs 22:29.)

2. Nineveh. (Jonah 3:4.) 10. Righteousness. (Proverbs 14:34;

3. Jerusalem. (2 Kings 21:13.) Psalms 33:12; Psalms 144:15.) 4. Jericho. (2 Chronicles 28:15.) 11. Mount Moriah. (2 Chronicles BOOKS

5. Babylon. (Isaiah 13:19,20; Jere- 3:1.)

miah 25:12.) 12. Shechem. (Judges 9:45.) 6. "For thou hast confirmed to thy13. Because David took the city from WAITED

self thy people Israel to be a people the Jebushites. (2 Samuel 5:6,7.) For enlarging its library of

art thou, forever: Lord,unto thee and 14. Omri. Hill of Samaria. (1 Kings reference works, "THE IMtheir 16:24.) 7:24.) (2 God."Samuelbecome

7. Solomon's navy at Eziongeber 15. Mount Gerizim. (Deuteronomy PROVEMENT ERA"is interon the Red Sea. (1 Kings 9:26.) 27:12.) ested in purchasing copies of

earlier Church publications including WHY LATTERDAY SAINTS CAN AFFORD THE MILLENNIAL STAR

TO GO ON MISSIONS JOURNALTIMES ANDOF DISCOURSESSEASONS (Concluded 616) from page soul, lives but save one and how THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in to million. shall the life great joy be our over threeof a little If we

are observing the Word of Wisdom come. Realizing this, why shouldn't and other significant Church

as we should be, we can well afford we expend our dollars, and freely, books to maintain ten times the present for this most important work?

number of missionaries and have Strive hard to become worthy of Write or phone IMPROVEMENT ERA If it is THE left at called a mission. over upon the end of beingmore money 50 Street North Main

fill to regular impossible entire for athe missionary the year than you

City. Salt Lake Utah

for privilege the is costing. mission, be thankfulsystem now

The value of our missionary sysand opportunity of accepting a call and give names, dates, volume tem cannot be measured in dollars as a stake missionary. A mission is numbers and conditions of books

and cents. We read in the Doctrine a personal sacrifice from which blessoffered.

and Covenants: If we labor all our ings flow.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1942

KING ALCOHOL ( Concluded from page 63 1 Jjda, sdcJUicl flood. valuiL this report carefully that observe we

ihm ns&d, qwsL iP&WL thiiu manyold kingtimesalcoholmore claimedthan five theof ourlivescitiof zens last year. Interesting is the fact

that there were one hundred fortyfourENRICHED BREAD violent and accidental deaths reported,

Active, hardplaying, fastgrowing boys and in many of these cases the villain and girls need the right kind of food. behind the scene was alcohol. The report further discloses that while scores

Royal Enriched Bread belongs in the citizens of our liver died of diseases, diet for every member of your family. kidney diseases, hemorrhage of the

It contains added vitamins and iron brain and paralysis, the records do not which give it extra nutritive valus. reveal the fact that in some of these

cases the predominating cause of death was the long, continued use of alcohol.

Down through the ages king alcohol has escaped its just condemnation because m*WB&Ek largeonly halfamountstruthsof moneyhave beenhave toldbeen andexin lying pended to popularpropaganda = FIN:E;f==: ize this as drug a beverage.

... Fresh MeaD In an eastern hospital 1,240 patients

Every Day in admitted were with the year one

Grocer's at Your CO., Salt Lake & Ogden ROYAL BAKING diagnosis of "Alcoholic Poisoning."Of

American 100% Homeowned—100% died. 121 ten this number This is a

percent mortality and is a higher death rate than that caused by other drugs

Recently the Honorable HousJohn AMERICA'S FINEST OVERALL inton,the same institution. of Kansas, of spoke in the House

SINCE 1853 Representatives and said, "I would remind you that intoxicating beverages play an important part in the promoting

THERE'S A REASON—and spread of syphilis and gonorrhea. LEVI'S

Tbey all wear LEVI'S!, GeneralIn our presentreports emergencythat syphilistheandSurgeongonorrhea are causing more lost time among

soldiers and sailors than any other serilost, disease. is time Time when

for training urgent for our and men LEVI STRAUSS/"J< AIF NEWTHEY PAIRRIP FREE ous ships building transporting our the and our soldiers and their weapons to the scratch CONCEALED COPPER RIVETS ON BACK POCKETS far corners of the world is the scarcest of our resources. Time lost when the

expression 'Too little and too late'covers the tragic story of lost outposts,

DESSERTS GELATIN ROYAL lives, lost lost battles, opporand lost flavors 7 exquisite for a vatunities is for victory. early Health colorful, of appetizing riety

desserts and salads. needed now as never before in the hisROYAL PUDDINGS tory of a people determined to preserve

Chocolate, Vanilla and their freedom."Butterscotch, also Vanilla

Tapioca and Orange Coconut Tapioca. please be Smooth, of America, To the youth

creamy and wholesome. reminded that you have a world war

to win, followed by an immense job of reconstruction. To settle world chaos

you must have a clear head capable of

SAUO high thinking with a brain free from &EUTIN effects the alcoholic poisoning. of You PPYAL

1 is that alcohol not king must remember '% VAHJttAW DOING ROYAL SALAD GELATIN that benevolent a one monarch, but delicious With a seeks destruction, only deyour your flavor, not sweet. Grandmeatlikefor

moulded and for jelliedmeats,soups.fish, salads feat, and early decay. You must know

FLEISCHMANN'S that alcohol is one of the best allies of

YEAST the Axis powers, that it is slowing up household The faour war production. In a way, your

vorite of four generations. Extra rich "oldsters"have failed you, in that this

before. not has been dethroned inD andvitaminsG. A, Bi, tyrant RAKING ROYAL POWDER

for strip this killer It remains to of you special baking The powder for cakes. nationally The only its it its rightly in place and power

of uted Cream fit category poison as a drug a only and powder. Tartar bakingdistribsTANDARD BRANDS for industry, use in the medicine and

of California manufacturing of high explosives.

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1942

ON THE BOOK RACK (Concluded from page 639) DRIVIN'WOMAN

HANDS UP Company,(Elizabeth NewPickettYork.Chevalier.1942. Macmillan

(National Recreation Association, New 652 pages. $2.75.)

York City. 1942. 28 pages. 35 cents.)

is the story of drove a woman who This for will there increasing need beBecause herself the of point hualmost beyond little requiring entertainment thought in to her order maintain endurance man less this equipment, space, even and and in the face of odds. family stupendous Of will for each booklet one a be "handy"

is fact that significance the great the book require plays home. only These hand a

deals to prefers with good who a woman willingness to that the nature use hands two the rather married she with remain man imagination the afforded kindly has and suffer the of divorce. than ignominy cultivate to needs which more everyone For is, true the story as the Fascinating love all wisely. will time assured good be A

its lies exhistorical in the of worth book families friends to undertake exeand who trust nearly the of pose'tobacco which the in cute suggestions C. Hands Up.—M. J.

the those of Kentucky. ruined people For

live agricultural in the west, the of us whoNEEDLE TO THE NORTH folk these formed Kentucky Health Defense of how in collaboration (Arthur with story C. Twomey

their cooperatives farmers'assumes own Mifflin Herrick.Nigel Company, Houghton

particular importance. M. C. J. Boston. 1942. pages. $3.50.) 360 Pack Lunches forThis travel book dealing with the exploraPLUME ROUGE

territory tion northern in the Terrell, Viking of Ungava (John Upton The Press, School Children and half Peninsula of the Labrador 1942. and pages. $2.75.) York. 500 of the New

Islands, to lying immediately Belcher all historical flavor the of novel has the THIS in ofwest becomes Bay, Hudson Ungava Defense Workers faithfully it so the which Old West living experience vicariously. wellan worth

all it intensity the addition, depicts. has In that the expeditions Unlike read about we with the interplay of nawith of gripping drama in previous as such books and Kabloona

North to the Orient in which silence was ture, character, and incident. Tracing the

the prevailing theme, this book is full of westward movement of the group who made of their the region vast west way across aniof the Eskimos and of thesound—that introduces the author the Mississippi River, of in the eastern partmals that abound Milk White historic characters the exas Carson, suchCanada.

This book will serve to stimulate greater plorer, and Parker, the historian, along with interest in nature and will be of particular numerous fictitious characters who make the worth to those who love the earth. M. C. J. book become living, moving history.

Through the story, the author has emWRITERS IN CRISIS ployed a second story, a seemingly loose first mystifies thread, Mifflin which (Maxwell Geismar. Houghton and then clariOne of your richest natural sources

fies the Boston. 1942. C. /. 299 pages.Company, whole.—M.

$3.00.) vitamins, WILLIAM HISTORY OF SNOW of healthprotecting THE writers Lardner, the HemingThrough FAMILIES GARDNER ROBERT AND Passos, Faulkner, way, Wolfe, Dos minerals, and proteins. Printing Gardner. Acorn Snow the the paints author Steinbeck, backand

City. pages.) 183 Salt Lake Company,( Celestia for the the twenties ofground and America

is short biographies of a compilation crisis.thirties, the careful of America By This

brother of Erastus Your government urges you to eat* of William Snow, selectsanalysis, salthe ably Mr. Geismar

Gardner,ient characteristics pioneer tracing of these writers, of 1850; Robert and Snow, one egg a day, if possible.

their to growth from suspicion of their and despair of pioneer immesome 1847; and

a renewed faith in the spiritual qualities of diate descendants. The sixtyfour thumb

mankind. nail sketches included in the volume make

The book is a keen study of the forces the men and women human by telling of that have been at work among the writers pioneer incidents, missionary labors, and of recent years; it is an able analysis of the faithpromoting experiences. Many of these

needs of these writers which will bring to events are intimately connected with Church

America the fulness of her promise as a history. Such is the heritage of the Snowliterary nation. M. C. /. and Gardner families, who have given the Utah Poultry Producers'

THOSE ENDURING Churchops, andsixtyonefifteen bishop'smissionaries,counselors.fifteen bishYOUNG CHARMS—A. L. Z., Jr. Cooperative Association

Illustrated, Larison. (Ruth Hooper

IS Harper THE MOON DOWN Brothers, 1942. York.and New Steinbeck. Viking (John The Press, New pages.244 $2.75.)

York. $2.00.) pages. 1942. 188

that said she always Larison story, occupation based Nazi on theMrs. had This this desire to the write to prove book is territory, neutral tender of wholly

in a helpful way the truth of Browning's and hopeful. Although there may be those

.. the said that older years he conwhenpoem is will the that readers the author say who Ktir ni

life."stituted of best older "the What will thinking, victim wishful of they CHARGES REASONABLE capitalize on, Larison says,folk must Mrs. is truth in there feel that he what much

is individuality. She continues by saying, writes and that the common people can dePATRIOTIC COSTUMES

it is HISTORICAL for"Individuality COSTUMES slowly a qualgrows in the that defeat will velop courage the end PIONEER COSTUMESity cultivated; fusion of which needs to be a ruthlessness. PERIOD COSTUMES

character, graciousness. poise charm, and little I SUITS know,... "You AND man FORMAL am a and TUXEDO

is ETC. BEARDS, in stern the WIGS, cauldronCharacter little brewed this is there town, a but be must

Pageant, Parade. a For Your is result the experience. ofof little Charm flame,"into burst that in being spark can men Play or Opera

self nicest all the time.one's Poise is little comes the the the exof town mayor way

Early CAUTION—Order experience adaptability; meeting it. withfrom flame, that bursts pressed into when And

it!"liking will die. to Hillam's Costume Shoponeself—andgraciousness, from thinking of others before fear vanishes, leaving only courage and the do—or

this premise, is plunges Larison Mrs. encouraging This With days book in these an Salt Lake City, Utah

into subject job her of does concern, and written a thorough and it is a beautifully of it, indeed. M. C. J. book as well. M. C. ].

EDlelchizedelTPriesthood CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH,

CHAIRMAN; JOHN A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH F. MERRILL, CHARLES A. CALLIS, SYLVESTER Q. CANNON, AND HAROLD B. LEE

COMMITTEE ACTIVITIES Quorums are Invited to Send

Questions and Features Equal Opportunities *The Priesthood membership should all the opportunity in one way participating inSiaksL QommiiisiSL To hoodmake departmentthe Melchizedekas vitalPriestand or anotherbe given of Church helpful possible to as the quorums is service. Devise to utilize and deways Priesthood stake MelchizedekHThe the the of Priesthood committee aim velop the for arranging members by has the responsibility committee of the the of of Council Twelve. Conconducting the regular monthly Priestsequently it is planned to classify all them to perform ceremonies, speak in

hood leadership meeting at which quoPriesthood material under regular meetings, do ward teaching, or engage rum officers and committee members headings, to guide quorum workers in stake missionary work or assist in the to the readily deinformation more auxiliaries. in are attendance. the openFollowing

officers sired. Stake and quorum ing exercises general and announcethe four well standing of as members as Work Among the ments, the group separates into four will find in committees ImproveThe Elko Indianssections 2. (1. Personal Welfare, Class speto Era, month, from ment month

Instruction, 3. Church Service, 4. Social cial instructions, suggestions, and TDlder Stacy Nelson, high council-

L/ man of the newly formed Humboldtand Miscellaneous Activities) where guides for their work.

detailed instructions are given for acQuestions and problems concerning Stake, during his work as a butcher in tivities of the coming month. quorum activity will be welcomed. an Elko market went out of his way

interof general answers, where The to personally acquainted become with * * * est, will this in appear department there. Indians so the trade who He made

all benefited. that be Organization is essential quorums to progress. may their religious inquiry as to convictions

Therefore, at the stake leadership meetQuorum officers are invited to send and found them neglected but friendly.

brief activities special reportsing of necessity the for complete organizavisit invited Brother they to and Nelson stimulate the which or encourage maytion should be emphasized. quoNo soon. them initiative of of the other great groups fully function canrum the carry out and encouragement from Stake With brotherhood. print Priesthood Glossy

ifprescribed the of programs comsome President with Williams and Rodney activities pictures of special also maymittees are fall organized. not the As willing assistance the the of find a place page. Brothers Melchizedek on Oner

and winter season approaches, the quoSuch special reports could well acSmith and LaDell Larsen, accompanied rums in your stake should be encourcompany the monthly reports. by his wife, two meetings have been

aged to replace promptly all officers who All questions and reports should be held, with plans to continue them every may have been called into the armed addressed to Elder Joseph Fielding Sunday evening. The first proved very

service, or 47 East are otherwise South Temple Street, taken away Smith, encouraging with thirteen in attendance.

City. Salt Lake activities.from their quorum was lent on request. Book of Mormon A

The second meeting boasted an increase of three and this time two more copies

Priesthood, Sister with Widtsoe inof requested were the Book of Mormon structing the to stimulate'T'he first step in successfully dischargwives how Indian agent Elder Nelson found the to activgreater husbands quorum ing officers your obligations as to their at the to be very Reservation Elko ity. the meeting, Following dancing is thatyour quorum the to see committold Indians the cooperative. of One refreshments and enjoyed. were Other alltees officers other are and appointed. first that their after elders meeting the

it will for impossibleOtherwise be your not the meetinghouse believed stakes may occasionally try this comhe would its stride to take restgroup of bination. with the athold be in the number who would

inthe outlined. the activities Church

thatRemember group will your benefit, Care of Farm Equipment tendanceheld. after a few meetings were

or be deprived of expected blessings, in HPhe present emergency demands that accordance with the efficiency which farm equipment be given the best you display as a quorum presidency. of care so that it will last for the "duration."It is not only good business to What Is The Committee System

SoriaL&VI/UiijydlajnMJULdL. conserve your machinery, but it is your In Quorum Government?

patriotic duty. Investigations have "p ach quorum of the Melchizedek

Recreation shown that farm machines can be made,L/ Priesthood should function through last to if extra years given proper many activities the four of the committees is time usually excellent\T7inter an care both during operation and when its is It cusof membership. composed social v for activirecreational and in use. not for the the of presidency tomary quoties. Fellowship brotherhood and

is free booklet available which A a act as the to secretary each and rum carefullyshould be developed through presents in readily condensed acand for committees. the chairman Subparties. that theplanned Remember cessible information form which be may as the are need appointed committees the ofwives important are members all helpful in for caring machines, farm arises. four committees which The to thepeople can and push do much regardless type. of entitled Sections fully functionorganized should be and projects forward.Priesthood Preparing the Season, Care for New ing are:

Report From Cache Stake During Operation, SeasonEnd Check- 1. Personal Welfare

up, and Storage survey the yearround 2. Class Instruction

pACHE Stake held a combined leadercycle. 3. Church Service

* ship meeting and social last month Write to The Improvement Era, 50 4. Social and Miscellaneous Activities

in the Logan Fifth Ward with Dr. and North Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah, Each committee should consist of as

Mrs. John A. Widtsoe as guests. Each and request the free booklet entitled many members as deemed necessary for

gave special instructions relative to the Your Farm Equipment. the size of the quorum.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1942

The building is of reinforced conbiggest run in the pouring of the concrete and in size is forty feet square. crete wall we began operations Friday

Devise New Projects The basement is divided into a furnace evening about 6:00 and poured until

night, then began that o'clock 11:00 man's a work coal compartment, and

and morning o'clock Saturday at 8:00 room. UnderJust because winter is approaching a can storage and room,

and agricultural projects are at a the loading platform will be installed completed pouring the walls about 4 standstill is no reason to forget comour cold storage unit. The canning p.m. On these occasions twenty to

mittee responsibilities. Now is the time room is 19 by 40 feet and contains all thirty of the brethren participated. We

to devise and organize new projects of the canning equipment necessary for used a homemade hoist pulled by a which are suitable. Handicraft is remodern canning operation including tractor belonging to Bishop Anderson,

ceiving more and more emphasis as postwo retorts, two big vats, electric sealand attached to a cable which had a trisible project material. Work may also er, and cleaning tables. Our boiler is angle chain hooked to the front end

be planned for next spring. a reconditioned 15 horsepower boiler and the two handles of the wheelbar-

which operates at twenty pounds maxirow carrying the cement up to our mum pressure, operating with a stoker platform for pouring in the forms. It

Boise Stake Storehouse for automatic firing, with automatic worked very fast and very efficiently.

Goes Into Action cutoff at twenty pounds and turnon Very little skilled labor outside of electrical was necand it plumbing work at pressure. ten have pounds We Millar By Z. Reed building. the essary on cutoff, fully water with equipped low Stake President of Boise time in will control, thermostatic and of our first canning day we On the

cooperation allout for itPreparing to radiators steam operate with all Relief Soand of the bishops heat had plan, Welfare Church during the of building used * with the the parts ciety presidency presidents and stake

Boise stake recently began utilizing the the winter. assembled to have their pictures taken.

storeconcrete its facilities of new contributed have Three wards project this now the of on work Most Fourth Boise the In day onehouse. portions their percent one hundred on 1 has 7 p.m. been done between and apriquart cans of 1,607 put upWard construction cost of compleof the and finishing p.m. ran to 2:30 cement Some of equipment the modern usingcots by storehouse, tion other the of one ward in o'clock the 3:00 or morning. our structure. Onthis new is eighty nearly completed, about one

percent, and the other ward about

TOP: GROUP STOREHOUSE. OF STAKE NEW THE FOR GROUNDBREAKING INSETPRESIDENCY, fifty in its quota. out percent paid The OF IN FRONT THE STOREHOUSE. OF THE BOISE STAKE, PRESIDENTS SOCIETY RELIEF BISHOPS AND the fall in construction of begun was ROOM. CANNING IN THE BUSY WORKERS BOTTOM:'

1941 and worked on quite steadily except during the latter part of January and all of February and the forepart of March when, because of weather conditions, we were not able to pour concrete. Special mention should be

made concerning the activities of Bishop Clayne Robison who supervised and assembled the workers on the building until he went into the army at the beginning of the year and to his successor, Bishop Willis Peterson of the

Second Ward, who did a magnificent job in the same assignment after Bishop Robison left.

We are extremely thrilled with our accomplishment and while it has taken a tremendous amount of effort on the part of those who could devote their time to it, it is well worth it and will be a grand addition to our ability to follow through on the Church Welfare program. We figure that the construction costs will be under $6,000.00 aside

from donated labor and when the cold storage unit is completed it will cost approximately $7500.00 to $8,000.00.

Onehalf of the cost has been borne entirely by the Boise Stake in addition to the extensive building program that the wards of the stake have carried on during the past few years.

QLaASu QnAihwdkiofL HPhe responsibilties of this committee include previewing the lessons for the month ahead and planning how to present them in the most practical and stimulating manner. Much can be done

to improve quorum attendance. This

is necessary to increase membership participation which, in turn, is essential to quorum health.

(Continued on page 652)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1942

( Continued from page 651 shall be revealed, save to dinances of baptism and confirmathose who are made partion

Melchizedek Priesthood takers thereof e. They made the prophets subject to

Outline of Study, November, 1942 Discuss: the spirits

1. What is meant by sinning against the f. Soul in heaven, body here, preposText, Teachings of the Prophet light? terous

Joseph Smith 2. What torment is indicated by the lake g. Christ was the first being resurLESSON 34 of 3.fireDefineand brimstone?the second death. rectedcould noton thishaveearth,been henceresurrectedJeremiahbeThe Sin of Cain and Sons of Perdition fore Christ

(Continued) LESSON 35 5. False spirits in the Church (213215)

3. Sons of perdition (D. & C. 76:3039, Reincarnation and Other False a. At Kirtland—strange visions, wild,

4348) Doctrines extravagant, and ridiculous actions a. Sin against the Holy Ghost (356Read Teachings of the Prophet Joseph b. Shaker spirit introduced

358,361) Smith, pp. 103105, 202215. c. Fallingdown power manifested

of appearing Satan as anAngels after committed be Cannot (1) doctrines 1. False of "Joshua, the Jewish d.

light gels of this in death, world only Minister"(103105) to write revelaattempting e. Persons life reuntil this he (2) Nor in a. misinterpretation His of Nebuchadtions for the Church ceives the Ghost Holy nezzar's dream

(3) Those who know the power of b. Strange theory of the resurrection 6. Discernment of spirits (202208,213)

those cause devil can under then deny God, of soul or spirit a. The transmigration the truth and—a his influence defy God's power to speak language any from father to son

(4) Deny the Holy Spirit after re- c. Claimed to be reincarnation of the (213)

ceiving it spirit of Matthias the Apostle b. No man or set of men without the

(5) Deny the Only Begotten Son d. Peace after 1851 Priesthood and the power of disof the Father after the Father e. All improvements projected by spircerning spirits can tell true from

has revealed Him (358) its of the resurrection false spirits (213) (6) Equivalent to crucifying Him f. Dates set for the judgments c. Nothing unnatural in manifestations

unto themselves g. His identity with the notorious of the Spirit of God

(7) Know God and then sin Matthias d. "No person through the discerning

against Him h. Comments of the Prophet of spirits can bring a charge against

(8) Deny plan of salvation with ( 1 ) Truths do not emanate from another; they must be proven guilty

eyes open to the truth of it a mind filled with darkness or by positive evidence."(214)

(358, 128) from wicked or depraved spirits Discuss:

(9) Shed innocent blood (156) or (2) His doctrine was of the devil 1. What key for detecting error was

be accessory thereto (301) and his god was the devil given by the Prophet?

b. Punishment for the unpardonable 2. Ancient advocates of false doctrines 2. How can we obtain the power of dissin (208) cerning true from false spirits?

a. Magicians of Egypt to sin comparable (1) No other

b. Wizards and witches of the Jews LESSON 37 against sinning the Holy Ghost

(156; 301) c. Oracles of the heathen Education and Intelligence

d. soothsayers, and asNecromancers, this in forgiven Cannot be (2) the Teachings Prophet Read Joseph of trologers spirits the of in world world or 67, 55, 138, 205, 51, Smith, 217, 253, pp.

e. spirits evil of possessed Those C. Cf. 361; (356358, D. & 301, 316, 305, 324, 343, 354; C. in 297, D. & Christ the apostles of and days 84:41) 7779, 11:1314; 118; 50:40; 88:17, 21:1;

3. spirits false in of Examples modern the to second subject Offenders (3) 130:1819. 93:24, 28, 36; 121:26; 90:15; times (208212) 29:41; death (Cf. C. D. Alma & 12: 1618) a. French prophets—disorder and in- 1. "Seek learning by study and also by

(4) Eternally banished from God decency faith"(2 Nephi 9:8-9) b. Johanna Southcott, professed proph- a. The mind of man is capable of in-

(5) Doomed to dwell in hell worlds etess struction (51) without end (Cf. Hel. 3:29) c. Jemimah Wilkinson—-her body re- b. Mind of righteous enlightened by

(6) Shall rise to that resurrection animated after death and while her the Spirit (D. & C. 11:1314; 121:

which is as a lake of fire and spirit was in heaven 26) brimstone d. Irvingites—counterfeited the truth ( 1 ) If desired in faith

(7) Become their own tormentors (1) Organization and professed (2) By it they may know all things and accusers gifts expedient in righteousness (8) Torment of disappointment of (2) Ambiguous, incomprehensible c. As true Mormons we should gather

mind as exquisite a torment as utterances and treasure up all good and true a lake burning with fire and (3) Distorted countenances principles in the world (316) brimstone (356357, 361) (4) Church organized by "proph- d. We should study the scriptures ( D.

(9) They cannot repent (358) etesses"& C. 21:1), words of wisdom (88:

(10) Vessels of wrath, to suffer the (5) Declaration about the "two 118), the doctrine of the kingdom wrath of God, with the devil witnesses"88:17), theory, principle, laws and

and his angels in eternity (Cf. (6) Prediction of the Savior's comall things pertaining to the kingdom

358; Jacob 3:11; Alma 34:35) ing in two and a half years of God (88:7778); things in heav-

( 1 lv) Better for them never to have (7) Failure to heal a sick child en and earth, past, present and fubeen born Discuss: ture, at home and abroad, wars and

(12<) Become enemies of God, as 1. What is meant by "reincarnation,"and perplexities of nations and the judgthe devil (Mos. 16:5) "transmigration of souls"? Do such teachments on the land, and learn of

}13) Their final state not revealed ings have adherents today? countries and kingdoms (verse 79)

e. of the best books Seek words ye out to man false teachers have 2. Describe how (88:118) of wisdom (a) Only made known to pararisen age. in every

f. learning study Seek and also by by of the takers punishment

ordained unto this conLESSON 36 g. faithStudy and learn, and become acdemnation

(b) Never has the Lord deReincarnation and Other False quainted with all good books, and clared they should return Doctrines (Continued) with languages, tongues and peo- (D. 6 C. 29:2830) 4. Keys for detecting errors (212) ple (90:15)

(c) Lord never authorized a. Prophets of God not indecorous 2. Intelligence or properly applied knowlstatement that the devil, b. A woman has no right to found or edge

his angels, or the sons of organize a church a. As man approaches God he is enperdition should ever be c. Women rebuked their elders and lightened (51)

restored (24) accused the brethren b. As we degenerate from God we

(d) Their state of destiny is d. Claim of receiving the spirit of lose knowledge (217; 67)

not revealed, nor ever prophecy without receiving the or- (Concluded on page 660)

THEWORKOFTHE CpyppTY u OjjUl Qd&xzlA, and, UalusA,

HThe gospel of Jesus Christ comprises many ideals and of the living God that gave them a new hope for the world, values which the seventies of the Church should thor- a matter of divine revelation, recognized and responded oughly understand. We write this message in a spirit of to by a deep faith and confidence.

reverent feeling, for it involves so many different subjects While it is true that the ordinary person wants to know which are fundamental to the great theme of the gospel. in order to believe, it is faith, heart knowledge, and spiritual

All of the institutions of life that have grown out of the relife by which our knowledge of the gospel comes. The

vealed word of God in these latter days have been our condivine truths you must know, and know to the depths of tributions to the educational, ethical, political, and economic your souls, for they lie at the very foundation of the work life of man. The Latterday Saints hold to the highest conof the Church. You are in the mission field to explain

ception of Christian ethics. They have developed a wholethe gospel of Jesus Christ. You have the sacred authority

some and abiding family life. They regard with tender care to do this. Human destiny is dependent on His work

the sanctity and purity of the human body. They have and upon the meaning of His resurrection. His life was

deep spiritual perspectives and hold loyally to the unseen given to save the world, and His holy principles of life realities of life. Historians have written with profound will never be replaced. As members of quorums of the

admiration about our forebears and leaders in educational seventy, you must have an intense respect for one another activities, and our social and economic contributions to the before you can teach and teach you should, for this is world. The subject of irrigation, and the work of women your calling. You brethren have been baptized unto a new

in the Church, have received the devoted study of scholars. life. You were confirmed members of the Church of Jesus

They admire the social welfare plan and what the Church Christ, but your baptism and confirmation lie more deeply does to take care of its poor and to comfort those who are than the visible signs of something. They are the signs of

in sorrow. These subjects the missionaries should have well an inner relationship. Our whole lives have to be inner and

in mind, for they are topics for conversation and explanaspiritual first. This relationship takes time and growth and

tion. Every fine thought, every noble purpose, every high discipline, because character cannot be improvised. Charloyalty, in fact everything and anything which helps us draw acter grows, and growth takes time. This is where the

nearer to God should be the goal for which we strive, and Church comes in with great power, for it offers a changed it is these ideals which we should teach to the people among life, through the power of a new devotion—a power which

whom we associate. makes a man leave behind him old accustomed ways. Much

To the great principles of the gospel, however, we must of the weakness of the churches today is their lack of disgive our closest thought and study: the teachings of Jesus cipline. The Church teaches every member to discipline

Christ pertaining to God and man, the holy scriptures, faith, himself. This discipline grows through prayer and work,

repentance, baptism, the laying on of hands for the gift of through daily companionship, through deepening comprethe Holy Ghost, prayer, and immortality. These are the hensions, through a growth of the love that seeketh not her

truths which will win the world back to an understanding own.

of what is required of the children of God. There are You have a worldembracing message. You must expect

also the restoration of the gospel, the coming forth of the that in time there will be a new earthworld through divine

Book of Mormon, and the organization of the Church of intervention in the affairs of men by the return of the risen

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints by the Prophet Joseph Christ. You must grow from day to day into a richer spirSmith. What a glorious list of subjects to be made more itual attitude toward all life, for you have a message for all

profound and more beautiful and more truthful by our men everywhere. Remember that as your love for the work

knowledge of the life of the Savior, His resurrection, His increases, your faith will deepen. Your perfect moral health

gift of life eternal. will give you a condition of mind in which selfconsciousness

Our forebears who accepted the restored gospel in the is forgotten, because you will have but one desire and that is early part of the last century were earnest souls with deep to do God's will.

spiritual convictions. They were not scholars of theology, In your conversations, give the substance of the divine

nor were they formally trained in university and collegiate message which has been revealed in this age through the life, yet their thinking was none the less profound and Prophet Joseph Smith, for he was the holy messenger to urgent. The spirit of God rested upon them; and the visit usher in the fulness of the gospel to this presentday world.

of John the Baptist, followed by the visit of Peter, James, While you are quite right in explaining the institutional life and John had awakened them to a knowledge of the of the Church, for true religion must express itself in creatdivine purposes of life. They were prompted to leave all ing institutions that make for righteousness, your final

and follow Him. It was their own personal knowledge thought should be: "Hear ye the word."L. E. Y.

ELpSDaroniclriesthood CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD wives and children by the merciless Ripley was made bishop. Removing to

mobbers, assisted by their confreres. Nauvoo some months after, Bishop

Thirtyfirst in a series of articles To cap the climax of these dastardly Ripley was succeeded in July, 1840, by written by the late Elder Orson F. deeds, the brethren, prior to being drivBishop Elias Smith.

their en to dungeons, were away the the Council Whitney of of if of as given God, work The new the of at forced point to the bayonet in originally Twelve. Published it life fiery the ordeal passed by had

their trust sign of deeds conveying Contributor.""The rapidly. through, to began spread now fallen prey not as a had property—such in places, Stakes various formed were

this revelation to pillage great of the law, expenses payHPhe already—to usual, high as and, with provided were A of is against the them. During war waged which throughout today observed councils bishop's courts to adminand

to the 1838-9, winter all of twelve in fromthe folthe world, Church was ister spiritual their affairs. temporal and

fifteen Saints, Latterday thousand fiercer persecutionslowed and by more treating are the Aaronic of As we if threatened they extermination withextensive than the of people any God shall Priesthood, give the only names we fled in Missouri, the remained from jealous yet experienced. hahad The its officers others. of the and omit

state shelter protection sought their gentile and oftred and neighbors, fanned stakes the the organized were Among

Illinois. hospitable within of borders theinto fury falsehoods the of apostates by following: Stake, 22, on October Lima his esbrethren faith, having hostile and others Joseph toand the began 1840, as bishop with Gardiner Snow after itself languishing Missouri, in caped fromto acts of varivent predatory as Hulet Clark and and Dean Henry for six in Jail, Liberty descriptions. riot in Clay months electionous An counselors; Stake, October Quincy on

Illinois, at arrived in County, Quincy, in August,Daviess 1839, County 25th, bishop, and Crouse, George W. scatthe greater portion the set of several wherewhich upon "Mormons"by Dustin Sylvester B. StodAsariah and

the tered Saints congregated, off victorious, on hadmobocrats came was counselors; Stake, dard, Mt. OcHope

1 April, next of for 839. twentysecond the provocation outvariousmade We 27th, bishop, Miller, Daniel tober A.

find at established the finally the Saints,rages Church were upon Comwho Allen, Isaac counClark and and John the afterward in to self merce, wherecompelled take Nauvoo, deup arms selors; SiStake, date, same Freedom again Priesthood battle organizedfense. and River, was of Crooked The bishop, Leach, Kimand Horra meon

relate of Saints the gathering the in infought October, the work which ball counselors; Foutz, Geneand Jacob

signal routed, sumed.mobocrats the were was 1st, Stake, Gardner va November

fifth at militia, calling the offor the October, ostensibly 1839, out a On bishop, Clark, and Clare and Moses held in the restore assist reality general order,to conference to of but Church Springfield counselors; Orton, David

in inthe the K. persecutors of Saints overwas Whitney Commerce, Newel 5th, Stake, PalAbraham November

the bishop of appointed them. besieged, Middle Farcoming Ward, was West bishop, mer, Stephens and and Henry Partridge, of the bishop surrendering on Upper sackedand and Edward was

pillaged ruthlessly. Joseph and other Ward, and Vinson Knight, bishop of Jonathan Palmer, counselors. William

leading elders were made prisoners and the Lower Ward. At the same time it Allred is mentioned as bishop at Pleasthe brethren, on laying down their arms, was voted to establish a branch of the ant Vale, and William Whiteman as

became horrified witnesses of the fiendChurch on the Iowa side of the river bishop of Ramus.

ish outrages inflicted upon their helpless (Mississippi), over which Alanson { To be continued)

FETED BY HYRUM STAKE PRESIDENCY AND MENDON WARD BISHOPRIC FOR UNUSUAL ACCOMPLISHMEMTS IN AARONIC PRIESTHOOD PROGRAM

Mention Ward priests, teachers, and deacons proudly display Standard Quorum Stake president Edwin Clawson and counselors Albert Zbinden and B. M.

Awards presented for 1941 activities in the Aaronic Priesthood program. Thompson, together with Bishop Edgar Hancock and counselors C. A. Sorensen

of their L. furnished boys and dance in honor the a banquet and K. Wood

record these commendable young was established by A most men. They filled Hancock, J. J. assisted were brethren achievements. Kidman, These Arthur by

Priesthood asduring assignments the year for average twentyeight of an 1040 Priesthood Sorensen, of Aaronic Carlos Kidman, the and Mendon Edgar Ward for signments teacher, priest. deacon, each and Committee.

The combined quorum records for the year showed seventy percent attendance Bishop Hancock writes: "Each quorum feels that the year 1941 was one of

at quorum meeting; seventy percent observing the Word of Wisdom; and ninetygreat achievements, and that 1942 will find each member working hard for

eight percent tithe payers. another Standard Quorum Award."

UlarcTTeaching

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

EMIGRATION STAKE MAKES

GAINS IN WARD TEACHING WARD TEACHERS

A ND if any man among you be strong in the Spirit, let him take with him i H *"him that is weak, that he may be edified in all meekness, that he may become strong also.

Therefore, take with you those who are ordained unto the lesser priesthood.... (D. & C. 84:106, 107)

Suggestions For Ward Teachers Teachers should be actively interested in their people. They should

visit them in times of illness and death. They should be aware of the spiritual, physical, and temporal status of their people to such an extent that

distress and want may be reported at once, and appropriate assistance to the worthy be provided without delay.

In keeping with the duties assigned to teachers by revelation, it is highly appropriate, where making a formal visit, to ask each member of the family questions containing the following import 1. Are you in harmony

a. With your neighbors and associates?

b. With ward, stake, and General Authorities of the Church?

2. Are you attending to your Church duties

a. As a member

Attending meeting, fasting once each month and paying fast offering, paying tithing, and participating in ward social functions?

b. As an officer

Setting proper example, attending council meetings, etc.?

RAY NIXON, CHAIRMAN EMIGRATION STAKE 3. Are you attending to secret and family prayers? COMMITTEE WARD TEACHING

UJjcuuL JmuJigaa! TI/hAdjaqsL g&i. Tbovsimisuc, J%2 P\uring the past three years, the

wards of Emigration Stake have YOUTH IN THE PRESENT EMERGENCY their leaving thousands are young men and homes by the women "youNGconsistently improved in ward teaching in to seek the A throughout the defense industries Church employment activities. One ward has experienced and other activities. Many of them have never been away from home

a three hundred percent increase in this before. They are filtering into our more concentrated areas with full confidence that they will be made welcome and accorded deserved recognition.

activity during the threeyear period. It is easy for them to find employment. Pay envelopes bulge beyond

According to R. Ray Nixon, chairyouth's fondest dreams. The pleasures and possessions they've always

man of the Emigration Stake ward wanted and considered beyond their reach are now so easy to obtain.

In the midst of it all, unparalleled temptation parades its deceitful teaching committee, the ward bishoprics form before the consciousness of youth. The principles of honor, virtue,

are supporting this activity one hundred and integrity are cunningly distorted, and the spirit of compromise moves in to destroy youth's sense of values.

percent. In reporting to the Presiding As these young people move into our wards, we should all extend

Bishopric on a ninetyfour percent recto them the cordial hand of fellowship and the warmth of an understanding ord for the month of June, Brother heart. They are sons and daughters of God to whom our homes and hearts

live in opened. properly should cannot be long complacency so smug WeNixon wrote: "Brethren, this is a thrill! is in of the least of these"that as "one need of which which can provide we

It shows what can be accomplished will steady him in the way of life.

when our bishoprics get behind the Many will find it possible to fix up the spare room and make it available for an L. D. S. boy or girl.

project and really push with all their We should all welcome them into our ward socials and various Church might."functions. We would feel bigger and better if we went out of our way a

Emigration Stake does not yet lead little more to help those who hunger for our encouragement.

the Church in this field but if the present that Inwhichthe finalwe wouldanalysis,sincerelylet us appreciateall do for someonetheir doingelse'sfor sonour orloveddaughterones rate of increase continues it won't take if the situations were reversed. We must help others if we would deserve

long for this ambition to be realized. being helped.

Stake president George A. ChristenNOTE: If fathers and mothers will forward to the Presiding Bishop's

Office the names and addresses of their sons and daughters moving away sen and counselors Rulon W. Clark from home, this information will be promptly forwarded to the bishop of

and Thomas W. Muir are giving full the ward into which they are moving and every effort be made to encourage

them in Church activity and assist in providing wholesome associations support and active help in this activity, and environments.

according to Brother Nixon.

UlUBaTHlessaqes5JE A Remedy For M. I. A. our work very highly. One of the

Sleeping Sickness finest compliments that we have received is of the conduct of the girls in

By Elder Robert L. Poulson our troupe. One officer remarked that

of the Hawaiian Mission our performers were dignified and reserved. Before I could answer, an inTn the Hawaiian Islands, as elsewhere vestigator at my side spoke up: "It is

1 in the world, the M. I. A. has played because the Church teaches them to live

the role of an excellent missionary. good clean lives and these elders set

Since December 7th, Hawaii has an example for them."

'observed blackout regulations to the is troupe called the Our I. A. M.

letter. this Naturally halt caused a Club. to Glee consists of program The

ofmost our meetings. M. I. A. choral numbers, solos, hula, novelty

retiring principal of the Kuhio A. Brown, Elmer

duets, classical, hula. and swing Feadora Eldredge that suggested is school he is Although back row. on the a nonMormon, we

missionaries. Howard cooperative Elder the he is with hulaform a troupe give to and shows

is Elder left front and Springville, Utah, shown civic clubs, soldiers, other and organright. Cornelius Edward Georgia District Holds Home Johnson,izations. didn't for to have look We Services a Sundaydirector as is Miss Eldredge beautiful a in attending also Milledgeville were

dancer well schooled in the art of hula. Since the war has placed restrictions ance.

We were finally accepted by the on travel, missionaries are holding many Following the morning meeting, a

U. S. O. head on Maui. Now we give large dinner was spread under the pe-

a performance every other week at can trees; then came the afternoon

some army camp on the island. Here meeting. Problems were discussed bewe make friends with the soldiers and fore the meeting was turned into a

help them receive some enjoyable enfaith-promoting testimony session.

tertainment. My companion and I give Three benefits follow these small

our Article of Faith cards to those we conferences: ( 1 ) They minimize travcontact and invite them to call on us at el and conserve resources; (2) Local

Lahaina where we offer our services problems are discussed in more detail;

in showing them the sights. (3) More members have the opportunity to participate.- report the From there are twentyfive At present Elders Closs L. Stewart and D. of Rex troupe, of themembers includes which Cook.

a Hawaiian orchestra that volunteered Members of the two Home Sunday Services represented its services to us. Of the twentyfive at the conference held at Carr's Station, Georgia.

only twelve are members of the Church. L. D. S. Missionaries Teach

Some of the others have become intersmall conferences instead of fewer Religion in Schools of Hawaii ested, and we have been able to hold larger ones. For instance, Elders Closs A typical class in religious education

cottage meetings with them. L. Stewart and Rex D. Cook report in Hawaii is one held at the Kuhio

The local papers have praised our that a splendid Home Sunday Service school where Elders Howard Johnson, show and the talent we have. At some conference was held at Carr's Station, Springville, Utah, and Edward Cornelof the camps we have met members of Georgia, where members from adjoinius, Virgin, Utah, are in charge. It has

the Church and directed them to the a membership of one hundred ten, nearest chapels. Officers have praised THE M.I. A. GLEE CLUB, MAUI, HAWAII and ninetyfive percent of the children

are oriental Americans. They are

mostly nonmembers. Elder Roscoe

Rogers, Snowflake, Arizona, and Sister Mildred Tenney, San Diego, California, along with other missionaries, have inspired these youngsters with the high ideals of Christianity.

Thus, missionaries of Hawaii are experiencing new activities as religious education teachers in the public schools, in addition to their—by otherA. C. duties.Nielsen.

jfleeHiVe 6jr|s

Lucy T. Andersen, chairman; Margaret N. Wells,

Ann C. Larson, Marjorie Ball, Florence B. Plnnock,

Helena W. Larson.

*\\Jith enthusiasm we look, with you, * * toward the resuming of weekly

BeeHive gatherings. We feel that

now, more than ever, it is a real oppor656

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1942

tunity to take charge of a group of girls, guide them through their study and activities, and enjoy their growth.

Your enthusiasm and pep will be the first thing your girls will catch, and it should make this year's program a fascinating adventure for all of you.

By now you have attended your ward convention and talked over with your stake BeeKeeper your plans and any questions you had. You are well

equipped with a BeeKeeper's Handbook, the 194243 Supplement, and a band with the proper insignias on it.

You are aware of these Era notes and look for them each month. You have

an order blank ready to send into the

General Office as soon as you see what supplies are needed. If you are a new

BeeKeeper, you have studied the BeeHive plan, listed perplexing questions, and perhaps made an appointment with the stake BeeKeeper to clarify them for you.

At the beginning of the year it is well to recognize the question of class discipline. Discipline doesn't mean punishment or sarcastic criticisms, but it does

mean getting your swarm into a friendly, cooperative spirit, so that each night's activities may be carried on enjoyably without confusion.

Here are some helps to maintaining fine classes.

1. Know the guides thoroughly.

2. Be ready to rouse lagging interest

with correlated songs, stories, or activities.

3. Give material without pauses. Keep

something moving all the time.

4. Begin class promptly and always with

prayer.

5. Limit groups to nine or ten membership, if possible, by dividing larger groups

if housing permits.

6. Watch your voice so that it is audible,

clear, concise, and has a varied tone.

7. Be sure your speech is within the

girls'understanding, interesting, and pointed.

8. Give much attention to your girls'individual needs in class and out.

While we general board members will not visit you this year, your stake and district BeeKeepers will be glad to help you, and we, in turn, will be glad Gold and Ball Green her Queen and mii$B court, Taft Branch, California Misto help through them correspondence.

, vgJ|| It is time now to make a check on all Ball,EvanstonEvanston,First WardWyoming.Gold and Green * T, <pf

that so spring nextsummer work when and of attendants the Gold and C filk Green Ball, Kirtland Ward, Young are to thereawards be will be made no StakeQueen difficulties in records. checking Keep

Gold and Ball patriotic Green with individual carefully record sheets the theme showing attendants and queen #11 of City Oak Deseret Stake. Ward, round.year m""of Bees Honor the Alton Ward, Kanab MM

is Stake. luck, BeeKeepers! Good Yours

Girls with teacher Alton president. Junior and ward Stake, Ward, Kanab of girls leading joba the grand young

in Mission, Maui, BeeHive Girls Wailuki, of a oneact Japanese the play, "A Very Grammatical of our Church. Your challenge today 8. Sunday School group from Tornillo, Texas, in the SpanishAmerican Mission. Family."

is great, and although this may multiply your responsibilities, it will also multiply your pleasures.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1942

Ten Years a ily union,"and her BeeHive name is

BeeKeeper Faon. She collects constantly for her

two honeycombs.

of Lehi, Utah, ErnestIrs. N. Webb following poem also expresses TheJ'VA of service ten years completed has her love for her work:

Sisas in 1923, Beginning BeeKeeper.

the BEEHIVE GIRLter with her work Webb loved

BeeHive Girls and although she was (Author unknown) asked to work in other auxiliaries for Sweet are the flowers that bloom, BeeHive

Girl, returned nextthe she finally few years field; the garden and and wood interests originalto her in 1932 Beegathered them where IInhavethe all, and I know,

she is still continuing. Hive Girl,

During the time she has been BeeOf the beauty and sweetness they yield.

Keeper, Sister Webb has taught eightyBut allbined,of their fairness and fragrance comseven girls and encouraged eighteen to From the rose to the violet blue,

Beebecome Honor Honor Bees. An equal the charm that I find, BeeCannot

MRS. ERNEST A. WEBB forherself, she has selected her symbol Girl, Hive

the pink verbena which stands for "famIn the bonnie, sweet features of you.

reading of the text of the first stanza.

Many hundreds of people have written for it and have purchased the hymnTThuuc book to get it.

Hymns For October, not spirited in character. The organist The even flow of the melodic line

November, December will give it his instrumental announceshould be kept by a smooth singing ment in approximately the tempo used style. The tempo should be neither fast NOTES FOR ORGANISTS by the tabernacle choir in the radio nor slow. It need not be sung loudly.

By Alexander Schreinev programs. The long stretches in the Tabernacle Organist left hand can be avoided in this hymn THE DOXOLOGY

the playing by for November. No. 85, Sunday corresponding bass notes HymnTpHE hymnsinging project was instihigher. octave an Book. School Song

the tuted General Music Comby is for November, Doxology,"is piece of "The true a "The Doxology"of for the the purpose ofmittee Church in School Song the 85 is Sunday It exnumber eloquent music. a most sacred

in matter important help therendering this It is to play necessary It not Book. to Lord. the praise pression of

of directing, playing singing,of and strong, is it sung. before direct, through in commanding a sung should be A

is It the project also thathymns. hoped suffice. should will firm, This long a chord such hear tone. times we many So

reperwill the increase help to hymn lifts his director just the as be sounded of this performance lackadaisical weak, thetoire congregations throughout of to audience the for signal as a its program baton a presence that on number is that eager committeeChurch. The reed If to rise. your wish is perfuncmake you than a mere nothing more

directors and organists cooperate in organ sound with grandeur, draw all tory item. It is probably better if the

the frequent use of these recommended strong sixteenfoot bass stops, include leader will not use a beat pattern in hymns. the tenor parts in the right hand whereconducting this hymn. A constantly reFor the months of October, Novemever possible, and let the left hand play iterated down beat is better. Make

ber and December, three beautiful a strong bass in octaves. The tempo such divisions of this beat as are neceshymns are suggested, any one of which is largo, that is, large and grand. sary in the second line to guide those

regularly, with goodcould used be parts. singing the be harmony who may for Light,"December, Kindly "Lead, service. taste, at For every sacrament at the definite hold should There a be is School in the Sunday 220 number

fitting is close thereinstance, more no is in phrase. This of end each word careto sound Book. Endeavor Song inspiring service thanto "The an spirit of traditional with the harmony in this all parts voice four fully of the

in largo tempo. a sungDoxology"is true a choral. the Doxology""The music. beautifully harmonized Accomlong, voices, in vibrant strong andWith choral. at places breathing graciously the pany

let praise tones, our ussustained God as just phrases. Breathe of the ends

flow. truly blessings LIGHT KINDLY LEAD our from do whom less. singers do, nor the more no On

just has speaker powerful aSuppose for Dykes. No. December, by Hymn sixteenfoot stops are organs, no reed

said his "Amen,"testimonyborn 220, and Book. School Song Sunday organs, pedals pipe needed. may On simbishop the announceswhereupon is fathe This worldfamous hymn final all left in the but well out be

riseply, sing 'The us "Let Doxand Its souls. religious vorite of many phrase. 'organist strongology.'a sounds The into fervent supplication most a worked all the beautify Blessings upon who the in long major, and chordand it A masterbeautiful a analogy makes sacred, service revwith worshiping his the raises guidedirector to baton writing. propiece poetic music of The holy day. erent God's music on first in of singing the thecongregation the of expression vides sympathetic

words, "Praise God."No books are text. From the standpoint of the conneeded by anyone, certainly not by the NOTES FOR DIRECTORS ducting of this hymn some difficulty is

director, and perhaps not by the organBy J. Spencer Cornwall met. A skilful use of the divided beat is

ist. I can think of no more powerful Director Tabernacle Choir imperative to a successful launching of

conclusion to any church service. Try a congregational rendition. Then again, it some time. Try it for all sacramental GENTLY RAISE THE it is quite evident that the musical

services throughout a month. Try it SACRED STRAIN phrases of the hymn are only fitted to

for a year, if you will. Worshipers Hymn for October, by Griggs. No. 57, the first stanza. The proper word

will surely enjoy it. Any service will be Sunday School Song Book. phrasing of the second and third

enhanced thereby, and will gain in sin- "Gently Raise the Sacred Strain"stanzas can only be successfully worked cere earnestness and devotion. has been made famous all over the out with choirs or rehearsed special

"Gently Raise the Sacred Strain,"American continent by its use as the groups. We do not recommend that

number 57 in the Sunday School Song theme song of the Tabernacle choir and such an interpretation be tried with a

Book, is selected for special attention organ broadcasts. Its fitness for this congregation. It is probably less disduring October. It is devotional and purpose is at once apparent from a tracting to follow the musical phrasing.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1942

Here's Fenton S. Gardner, Utahbom stockman, with one of his early spring fat

lambs. Mr. Gardner has been president

of the Delta Sheep Association, a farm cooperative, since 1936.

"Our first truckload of spring lambs, bought by Safeway, left here on February 11, and we'd been through a mighty cold winter, too,"Mr. Gardner told me

TO UTAH *;'!;11 FARMERS

JIM

THAT BEAT THE CALENDAR

In the flat, greasewoodcovered land of northdry desert for finishing. It took years to develop

eastern Millard Gotinty, Utah, Delta sheepmen our present program. Hustling the lambs along

have moved the clock ahead on Mother Nature.—like growers do with early vegetables—seems

Despite cold weather, often subzero in midto make for flavor and tenderness in the meat.

winter, they breed their sheep early to get early We call our Delta lambs milkfed because they sold. lambs—lambs born between October and Febare not weaned until they are ruary. And they've learned how to push their "Sheep flocks don't run large in this area—

lambs along so they weigh 7585 pounds apiece, from 10 to 500 head. Our Association was formed

ready for market, in 95 to 115 days. to market lambs economically, in carload lots.

"We found it just didn't pay to produce sumMembers'wool is also marketed cooperatively by mer lambs,"Fenton Gardner explained. "The the Association. Our lambs almost always top the

price was a lot lower than for spring lambs, and market.We use Rambouillet and crossbred ewes

we didn't have the summer pastures in this hot with blackface bucks, Hampshires or Suffolks"

(right) Mr. Gardner showed me week during lamb shipping

this advertisement about Delta season we 'top'each member's lambs. "It was run in local flock and send the lambs to

papers without any cost to us Safeway in Salt Lake City.

sheepmen,"he pointed out. Safeway demands top quality

"Safeway and other food but pays us the going price or chains also run national lamb better—there's never any

advertising which I believe is haggling. We are not superhelpful in our marketing. vised in any way in selecting

"After we had our Delta these prime lambs. Safeway

Sheep Association operating relies entirely on our judg- (this farm cooperative started ment and good faith and we in 1933) we talked things over see that only the best lambs go with the Safeway people. Since to their markets from here"

then Safeway has been our YOUR SAFEWAY RANCH largest buyer. Almost every AND FARM REPORTER

FOR VICTORY—BUY UNITED STATES WAR STAMPS AND BONDS

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1942

MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD WHY FRISM& ( Concluded from page 652 know the will of God, then do it (S SO GOOD c. Facultiesportion tomayheedbe givenenlargedlightin frompro- j. The(253)Lord communicates light and

heaven (51, 67) knowledge to His people as they d. The Spirit of God is the spirit of can bear it (305)

knowledge (205) Discuss (1) Without it we can neither 1. What is the difference between

know nor understand anything "knowledge"as generally understood, and the Lord's definition of "intelligence"in D. of the devil God or BECAUSE ITS 93:36? C. revelation It needs to assist us & (2)

A COMPiT and give us knowledge (217, 2. Can a person be wicked and intelligent

Q0&FOOD e. The 138)nearer man approaches perat 3.theShowsame thattime? the intelligent man is a

the not only knows man, who fection the clearer his views (51) righteous life. in his truth but applies it wisely principle intelligence f. Whatever of

we attain unto in this life, it will rise with us in the resurrection (D.

&C. 130:18) NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO

If a person gains g. more knowledge

intelligence this life in and through COLUMN his diligence and obedience than

Friskies contain meat, Q.Does will another, he the have so much (Read King 616, Alcohol page Bad in minerals, advantage vitamins? the to world come Business, 618, It page Barns Up, Me (verse 19) is Friskies Yes. a complete food A. dog page 628, and Latterday Saints It h. is for Why to righteous us that be essential we containing ingredients. 19

It contains meat meal, liver meal may be wise and understand (253) Can Afford to go on Missions, page and meat scraps, with specially pre- i. It behooves us to be wise, seek to 631.)

pared cereals, dried skimmed milk, minerals and vitamins—so necessary

for strong teeth and bones.

Q. How do I know Friskies is as THE CHURCH MOVES ON

as claim? you good (Continued page from 638) Robert Safford, meo Root, Arizona; Grant

test, every passed Having A. Smith Sorensen, Howell, Utah; Pugmire, Friskies Richard Rhoda Stockton, California; Junthe Seal bears coveted of Approval Stucki, Falls, Marie Idaho Idaho; ius Mildred Safford, Reed, Joseph Arizona; Robert Veterinary ofthe American Medical Ella Tenney, Diego, California; San Glissmeyer Sorensen, Salt City. Wuta Lake Associations. Hospital Animal and Terazawa, Pasadena, California; Elsie Brazilian: Salt Asper, James Emerson

Q. Is Friskies economical? Lake City; George Barlow Briggs, Layton, Mathea Torgerson, Salt Lake City; Eugene

Evertsen, Salt Vorkink City. Lake Henricksen Johnson, Salt Wayne Friskies solid Utah; A. is 90% Yes—because City; Lake Salt Lynn Andrew Sorensen, England: F. Angerbauer, Raymond New moisture. only food, There's 10%

City. Lake Salt City; Seth Pulley, Lake Edward Logan, Friskies'to clean, waste conveno

Vergil California: Junior Draney, in Presdied 11, 1942. nient compressed cubes.

ton, Idaho; Chester Gilgen, Monson Ogden, North Russell, Provo, mission—JuneCentral: John Kay

Jensen, $TAXTfUPtM mSKIU TODAY? Utah.Canadian: Alice Briggs, Magrath, AlberUtah;Utah. Howard Keith Wellman,

ta, Call, Salt Canada; P. City; Vaughn Lake States: Northern Leonard Brooks, Frank FREE BOOKI Lester Campbell, Salt Don Ogden, North Utah; City; Gillespie, Narient Lake Frank

vital pages of 32 Ethel Conrad, Alberta, Taber, Marysville, Canada; California; Luke, Anna Rexinformationabout Maurine Hartley, Hartleyville, burg, Brown AlIdaho; Morris, Nina McCammon, feeding the and berta, Canada; William Lenard Idaho; Hatch, Louise Nelson, Fern Cross, Woods care dog. your of Woodruff, Arizona; Katherine Melvina Petersen, Utah; Smithfield, Dora Utah. Friskies, Write: Jensen, Aetna, Alberta, Canada; Paul Northern California: Ernest Argyle, Da- J. Stuart Bldg., 1069 vid Limberg, Utah; Ogden, Van Cross, Utah; Burton, Neuman Etna, Woods Wilma Seattle, Wash. Petty, Salt C. City; Alfred Lake Clarice Taylor Lida GrantsRobinson, Wyoming;

Ricks, Jr., Rexburg, Idaho. ville, Utah.

Central: Jay DeGraff, Heber, Utah; Zola Northwestern: Lester F. Hewlett, Jr., Salt

Henrietta Hardisty, Berkeley, California; Lake City; Warren June Jackson, Manassa,

Edith Norma Holley, Ogden, Utah; John Colorado; Marvin Laverne Mower, FairHowell Jolley, Jr., San Bernardino, Califorview, Utah; Donald Louis Nuffer, Montnia; Vernon C. Nielsen, Provo, Utah; Erpelier, Idaho; Clarence George Peterson,

IN USE For OVER FIFTY YEARS nestRobinson,E. Post,Oakley,Tucson,Idaho.Arizona; Byron B. Junction,Orem, Utah;Utah;RolandMarvinR. Wright,Vance Blackfoot,Stratton,

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple East Central: Mary Anderson, Manti, Idaho.

sore throat and other minor mouth Utah; Evan Clyde Bair, Glasgow, Montana; Southern States: Aubrey P. Andelin,

Falls, Idaho Idaho; Robert Aveson, Williamand throat irritations. Charlesoming; OlavusLaVard JestonFluckiger,Jacobson,Bedford,Provo,WyCity; F. Salt Lake Crook, Freedom, Lyman

Utah; Affra McNeill, American Fork, Utah. Wyoming; Jay C. Eggleston, Pocatello,

States: Eastern Willard Aston, A. NamIdaho; Salt Richard City; E. Jacobsen, LakeHall's Canker Remedy Idaho; pa, Bott, Paul Wesley Utah; Ogden, Jesse Ernest Provo, Long, Utah; Robert

City, Utah536 So. at Salt Lake East 2nd Curtis, Adahlia Beach, Marie CaliLong Richfield, Sylvester, Utah. Herman

fornia; Fish, Silas Snowflake, Melvin AriKeith Spanish American: Edward Clayzona; Merline Gardner, Fork, American

son, Cornish, Sweeten Utah; Horace Garn, Charles Utah; Petty, Robert Los Angeles,

Idaho. Holbrook, GOSPEL STANDARDS California.

Allen, Texas: Ralph Henderson PocaLinford Bunderson, BrigJapanese: Dean chosen by the

tello, Idaho; Ray Christensert, Hyrum WenCity, Utah; Cornelius, ham Harry Edward SPECIAL INTEREST GROUPS Virgin, Utah; Vernon Fabian Dickman, Salt dell, Idaho; Max Reuben Miller, Venice,

Bertha CaliOpenshaw, Modesto, City; Erickson, Floyd Lehi, Utah; Lake John as their Reading Course Book fornia; L. Taylor, Provo, Utah. Hal Merrill Utah; Plain Jenkins, City, Utah; of lifetime skilexperience and wisdom aThe

Springville, Melvin Johnson, Utah; Howard Canadian: Western Gar Hess,. Raymond into fully single together brought a volume

An ERA Publication, $2.25 JayPaul LeonardErnest Love,Karpowitz,Salt LakeSalt City;Lake JamesCity; Shelley,Fork, Utah;Idaho;JamesKeithB.D. Skidmore,Miller, American,Logan,

Hyrum Martin, Jr., Toronto, Canada; RoUtah.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1942

THE CHURCH MOVES ON Centennial Booklet zine, assisted by members of the general THE

Nears Publication board.

HPhe memorial booklet, A Centenary Mission Address Changed of Relief Society, which contains HPhe address of the New England CALL of COLLEGE valuable historical information on the States Mission is now 100 Brattle

Relief Society, much of which has not Street, Cambridge, Massachusetts. The IS A

heretofore been published, will soon new home was secured during Presicome from the press. It has been comdent Levi Edgar Young's administrapiled under the direction of the General tion. Renovation was completed unRelief Society presidency by the edider President William H. Reeder, Jr., Call to the Colors

torial staff of the Relief Society Magapresent mission head.

Young men may register at the Church University, enlist in the

Reserve Officers'Corps of Army, *> *$ |r -ft ft?! iff Navy, Marines, or Coast Guard,

and continue their education on a deferred service basis. (A quota

of 802 R. O. T. C. enlistments has

been allotted BYU.) Thus they

, can prepare at once to serve the nation and themselves in war and in peace. Some specific wartime offerings at BYU:

NORTHWESTERN STATES MISSION—OREGON DISTRICT CONFERENCE, MAY 25, 1942

of primary and Full program Riggs, First A. President row: Widtsoe, S. Bennion, Hyde, John Desla Lyman C. Melba

Civil Pilot Training. Edna H. Bennion, secondary Melvin F. Marston, Collins. Roland Wright, R. King, Charles Arlean and Kirkwood G. Randall

Rose, Bennett, row: Katherine Clara Dunkley, C. Delbert Marchant, K. Second Reatha William Evans, Mary Rich curricula in Mathematics.

Neil Nelson, Delia Laws, Opal Winegar, Ashcroft. Mary Bennion, Bunderson Coombs, June Karl and W. Premedical Sciences, L. Larson, Flanders, Third row: Charles Quill Wall, Nebeker, Edwin Physical B. Handy, McCoy Dean George

Tolman, Engman Bond, Charles L Soelburg, and Olive Pulham. and Predental courses, PreEn-

gineering, etc.

Intensive business courses for

APPOINTMENT FOR PARTING warHomeindustry.economics training of

emergency value.

(Concluded from page 629) "We didn't mean no harm, Miss FarPhysical education, first aid, "If we don't have enough we won't rington,"said the youngest. sanitation courses.

mind,"she said. "And if we have too "We didn't think you'd really care,"Languages, including Spanish

much we won't mind."said the oldest. and Portuguese, for military

"You little optimist!"He laughed "No, I didn't really care."Bettie or other purposes.

Spiritual strength is softly. developed laughed "Halloween made her. kissedand

religion classes other through and to door, boys, for pranks. the back Go

It Bettie that suggested that was means. tell said give to Hilda they and you some

for a the road. Half walkgo down get gingerbread. then come and AndI for REGISTER YOU MAY the front along NOW petuniaborderedway sign. will the Miss be Brinkman wantSept. (Classwork, Quarter Autumn she paused.walk

it ing back."18). 29—Dec.

"Boys! Come here, please."She smiled up into Billy's surprised

They came, the three of them, one face. For information, write The President

swinging a bat and another a baseball "Miss Brinkman takes boarders, you mitt, and all looking a little sheepish. know,"she said innocently.

Briglram Young University PROVO, UTAH THE OFFCOLOR STORY (Continued from page 623) teur who was about to regale an one ever called him a prude because audience with some of his stories, he insisted on being clean. And looked about and inquired: "Are

there ladies are a great there others present?"many among any In the Gospel Net in also humoristsour rank high who said of the club's leadone "No,"

the quality and the character of their ers, an eminent citizen, "but there chosen by thethinking. gentlemen."are some

If ever they have even thoughtlessly lapsed into the lowbrow stuff, The wife of an official of a well EXECUTIVES telerecently club men's known invariablyalmost they and the of the club their phoned manager and as their Reading Course Book them heard may havefriends who nave hastened to apologize and to asked him this question: "What is Poignant, satisfying, this is the story of

ask that the outburst be forgotten. it that men usually talk about when a woman's search for truth

No one was proud of it. they are alone?"

got manager his bearings The An "Era"Publication, $1.25

quickly, Any Ladies Present? rather answered: and "MaOn one occasion, a worldly racon- (Concluded on page 662)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1942

TRAVELER'S MOTOR LODGE THE OFFCOLOR STORY

STATE 1481 SOUTH SALT LAKE'S OUTSTANDING MOTOR (Concluded from page 661 mental rocks at me today when we COURT and New I think I want of you Air Conditioned ally of in be fully worthy Heated Winter—Beautifullyin StrictlySummer—AutomaticModern Furntodame,rearrangeabout theirall theprejudices."gentlemen do is part.the memoryWhen to

ished With Carpeted Floors and Colored That was a generous and chivalyou, and that's saying a good deal; Tile Showers, Radios Free

BETTER THAN THE BEST HOTELS rous response, and one to be exand I want you to feel the same way

FOR LESS pected from a men's club manager. toward me."

Almost no one dares mention this It will be interesting to see how important caution about sex stories this works out. It takes magnificent

as it offends those who insist that courage to be that frank, but it might they should not be curbed in their prove to be one of the most beneTHE ADVERTISERS right to speak and their right to hear. ficent kindnesses ever done a man.

True, but there are others who also and Where You Will Find have rights. In the days ahead I feel Hanging a Story On Another Man certain that young Their Messages confidently

tricks of inAmerica will check this One of the unfairest lowbrow palaver by discreetly arranging not discreet story tellers is to hang what

Albers Milling (Friskies) listen. 660 to appears to narrative particular a true on The maneuver

Alexandria Hotel 663 innocent will an necessary the depend circumon who never beperson—one Beneficial Life Insurance Co stances, diatribe of heard the before. will but there be a and way Back cover

Borden Company 643 there will be an urge to find the way. Even if it is evident that the whole

lie, sordid is a blatant it does mess

University.... Brigham Young 661 The Law of Association of Ideas its is just the same. damage There

. Church Books 647, 666

Continental Oil Company 668 When a man who was known as an association which will come to the

Deseret News Press 670 a connoisseur of offcolor stuff took minds of those who were within earshot, years even for months and friend a lapel the coat said: by and Deseret Federal Savings & Loan

this afterwards, every time they see top, "Say, old tell Association 663 let me you my

Faultless Starch 644 latest one,"this friend countered by innocent person or even read his

FelsNaptha Soap 618 smiling cordially and responding: name. He cannot travel fast enough

it. To hang an Fuller, W. P., Co 614 "You know, boy, it's nice of you to to get away from

Glade Candy Company 612 want to stop and chat with me. I'm embarrassing and improper story on

Globe Grain & Milling Co 643, 667 grateful for your friendship, but this an innocent associate is a cowardly

Gospel Net, In the 661 time, let me say just a word. I am trick.

Gospel Standards 660 going to do it, although it may apSo then, if there is an ailment for

Hall's Canker Remedy 660 pear that I am trying to foist my way which there should be a permanent

Heinz, H. J., Co. 613 of life upon you, when really I don't quarantine, it is surely this form of

Hillam's Costume Shop 649 mean it that way, at all. It is an imthe hoof and mouth disease that afHotel Temple Square 667 position, I know, but I simply want fects some human beings. There is

International Harvester 61 to say something as a real friend. certainly nothing pleasant about this

KSL Inside back cover Now, there's a psychological law type of breaking out at the mouth.

L.D.S. Business College 669 that has to do with the association of The Mind at the Controls Levi Strauss 648 ideas. It states that the moment one

Mapleine. 665 idea comes up, it tends to bring along Americans, at their best, are cleanMorning Milk 646 with it other ideas that are closely asminded. They protect their thinking

Mountain Fuel Supply Company sociated. This law is operative by focusing on concepts and ideas

...Inside front cover everywhere. One of your best that are worthy of, and stimulating

Mountain States Implement Co 671 friends told me just yesterday that to, their minds.

Palace Hotel. 616 the moment he hears your name, the Men go where their minds lead

Purity Biscuit Company 609 only thing he can think of is the lowthem. They invariably do the last

Royal Baking Company 648 brow sex stories you tell. Your name thing that is in their minds. There

Royal Typewriter Company 616 and this risque stuff, according to are no limits to the heights to which

Safeway Stores, Inc 659 him, are one and the same thing. I they may not rise by intelligently

SoilOff... 666 thought that a bit too strong, but focusing their thinking.

Standard Brands of California 648 that's exactly the way he put it. Nothing is more effective in helpTaylor Jewelry Company 646

Products Tea Garden 645 "Now, I like you so much that I ingdividual,to focusa smallthe thinkinggroup, orofevenan inan refuse pointblank to let that be my Traveler's Motor Lodge 662 story. audience, a than good No

I concept of you. Personally, don't Union Pacific Stages listeners, 647 tired matter the they how

Utah Engraving Company 663 want to hear the old bunk. A man will almost invariably lean over and

Utah Home Fire Insurance Co 612 who can remember that stuff as well wrap their ears around it. How imUtah Oil Refining Co 664 as you, can also develop great skill portant that the story have power,

Utah Poultry Producers'Cooperain relating clever anecdotes and the not only to entertain, but to motivate tive Association 649 clean kind of stories Rogers Will motivate right thought and con-—to Savings Utah & Trust Co. 667 told. the That's sort of thing duct. your

Walker Insurance Co 665 real friends will everywhere apmost story, short well told, and A clean Wheeler, Reynolds & Stauffer. 609 preciate. that's position Now, my at relevant to discussion the and

Z.C.M.I 615 exactly; to real I want being keep on will invariably hand, such have

friends! I hope you won't throw power.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1942

SAM BRANNAN (Continued [rom page 621 drawn, setting forth plans for the

July 5 of that year the first issue of immediate movement of eastern

The Messenger was struck from the Saints to California by way of Cape press at No. 7 Spruce Street. It was Horn. In an eloquent plea, Samuel

all Saints desirous of urged Brannan in size, editedquarto and was jointly - n the Vfest lot his joining their to present expedition Pratt."Parley P. and Orsonby

With the Church's every overture names immediately. Sailing date

for appeasement, its every cry for was set for January 12, 1846."It was

his incredible set an had task he considerationsanctuary humane and idendtsin sixty days. to accomplish hands in utter its headturned back upon CuitenV

failure, Brigham Young and the And Samuel Brannan found he had shouldered and enough cares last forced atCouncil were by stark

Rale all the sibilities to challenge dynamic the Saintsnecessity to from responmove the borders of the nation. In that energy he possessed.

first move, he hurried tounhappy fall and winter of 1845, As the those apostles on missions were orWashington. With complete disDollars saved at the prodered to return and assist in the regard for the failure of every Morgressive Deseret Federal are

first that polimort- mission to in of only hotbed invested mon direct apostolic withexodus. And

timehomes gages on a... intrigue, visited dignievery hesupervision from withdrawn New tical oi insuring tested method audience. tary grant him would who liberalYork, suddenly Brannan Samuel safety complete and

found himself charged with manIn previous letters President Young returns. Then, too. each acthat the informed count is Federally Insured to govBrannan to hadagerial face responsibilities—and laying secret to $5000. plans ernment wasface with was a bitter task. To him

given the charge of evacuating the prevent the Saints from migrating eastern Saints to California. west in the spring. Determined to SAVEBY-

ferret the truth, visout Brannan Pratt In of October 1845, Orson PLAN MAIL ited the Secretary and cabof War where no matter Now, reto written Brighamhad Young inet Either he members. heard live, share can you you Brannan's problemgarding Samuel

in the advantages of a to takfrighten or him, enough wasof disposal Messenger: of The thrift at the Deseret account political subtle, in a greedy en by

Federal. Mail becoupon

it will difficult thinks Brother be Brannan intrigue the of at the expense Morfull for information low to his printingto establishment take and go to hurried back he mon MAIL. on SAVING BY people—for dishonorCalifornia, unless he goes away

full of plans a with mind York New is debts. veryably without paying He

anxious to go and is willing to do anything and ideas shaped by Washington Name.........*.

that the Church is counseled.he He says backdoor political conferences. Address itperhaps to buy would consider wisdom

positive received "I have informahis establishment and still keep the paper [in tion,"he wrote New York]. 7 to Brigham on Young

January 12, "that it is the intention

Either Brigham Young was conof the government to disarm you vinced wholesale evacuation would after you have taken up your line of leave no Church in the east, or he did march in the spring, on the ground not "consider it wisdom"to purchase of the law of the nations, or the

The Messenger equipment. History treaty existing between the United

makes no mention of any such fiStates and Mexico. Amos Kendall

nancial transaction as ever having was in the city last week, and posibeen made. tively declared that that was the inBefore Orson Pratt returned to tention of the government, and I

as it to let youNauvoo—and my duty know10 the Saints inloved might guard."your be on farewelleast—hetotearfullyhis bethoughtthat you

BranElderurged them to follow Kendall Amos was the former LOS ANGELES to ship leadership,nan's and take States postmastergeneral FDREMD5T HOTEL United oneCalifornia. want do not "We administrations. under two ALEXANDRIA after left in States theSaint United

letter further disclosed: The evthis "Let time,"admonished. he BATES fROMrsott am12.90 DOUBLESINOI.Boxiitfe dowmtow*

ery branch in the east, west, north Kendall has also learned that we have Recognized Utah Headquarters in and south be determined to flee out chartered the ship Brooklyn and that MorLos Angeles

Director Managing V. SMITH, CLAYTON It is her. are out going thought on mons either or sea...."landof Babylon by of Salt Formerly Lake City will if that for she arms, searched be and, "If suggested: a practical note heAs us, if not, taken found, from order and an

all want to go, charter a half dozen will be sent to Commodore Stockton on the or a dozen vessels and fill each with Pacific to search our vessel before we land.

will city in the Kendall be so next farepassengers, the Thursday and... 8 among effort will again, then ITfit to and an be made WE trifle."will but a bemany COMPLETE A I reconciliation. will about a make in bring final held conference the At SERVICE ENGRAVING I result the acquainted with before you

Largest Missionary Portraits to the From City, Hall, York. NoAmerican..a New leave. Catalogues

vember 12, 1845, a resolution was ( Continued on page 664 Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention

12, 1845. mid., Nov. Jenson, Chronology, eCkurch CO. ENGRAVING UTAH

12. 1846. Jan. p. 27. Ibid History. Oct. 31, 1845. 'Journal 113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah

12, 1846. Jan. Ibid.. 8, 1845. Vbid.. Nov.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1942

SAM BRANNAN ( Continued from page 663 Apparently Samuel Brannan's son, Kendall and Co., and to their

The ship Brooklyn had been charconference with Amos Kendall and heirs and assigns,"the even number tered by Brannan for an agreed rate his agent A. G. Benson, over governof all land units and town lots acof twelve hundred dollars per month; mental amnesty to the fleeing Saints, quired by the Mormons wherever

lessee to assume all risks, pay all port resulted in agreement at least bethey might colonize. In other words,

charges, including cost of converting tween the three principals of the unthe Mormons were neatly to divide the old hull into a passenger carrier dercover negotiations. As price for with greedy politicians their inheritfor the two hundred and thirtyfive "reconciliation,"Kendall and Benances in the Zionto-be."

Saints register. the signed had a contract son which produced who Samof these Because "negotiations,"a ship of fourFor uel only blithely signed hundred on Brannan and beit sailing necessary was to postponefifty tons this burden, half conversion of terms the Church. were The of date the almost Brooklyn a month. alone a simple. geometric vicious was of as as they problem no were MorBut done. flushed Samuel, it was now proportions. to transfer tomean Benwere G. mons "A. victory, with to wrote Brigham

Young on January 26:

... My interview with Amos Kendall in

company with Mr. Benson, resulted in a

compromise, the condition of which I shall forward by this mail.... Kendall is now

our friend and will use his influence in our behalf, in connection with twentyfive of the most prominent demagogues of the country.

You will be permitted to pass out of the

States unmolested. Their council is to go

well armed but keep them secreted from rabble. themmrnmfor your motor I shall select the most suitable spot on the

Bay of San Francisco for the location of a commercial city. When I sail, which will

be next Saturday at 1 o'clock, I shall hoist a flag with Oregon on it... -13

What Samuel Brannan received if anything—for this outrageously

fraudulent contract at the expense of the Latterday Saint people is a secret seemingly beyond penetration. The cost of rebuilding the old

Brooklyn and stocking her hold with everything from sawmills to encyclopedias has been estimated at over

PROTECTION the$16,000.huge sumMostinvolvedhistoriansas belongingconcede AND to Samuel Brannan, which perhaps

FOR YOUR PURSE with. Jths. BALANCED OIL was so. But Orson Pratt's previous

mention of the printing debts throws a confusing shadow upon the affair.

The unusual heatresisting quality of Vico motor oil provides Regardless of how the bills were most dependable protection to your engine. Vico is the balpaid, the fact remains, few colonization expeditions ever were better anced oil—balanced in all the vital lubricating properties planned. of equipment Tools and

to protect your motor car investment and keep operating every conceivable variety filled the costs low. Change to Vico now! hold. Seeds, chickens, pigs, and

even milch cows were crammed into the little vessel. And carefully

QhoxJc in* $Pl cl QhsuJc upL stowed aboard was the fiveton printing press and all equipment used in production of The Prophet and The Messenger Fares for the pilgrims were set at fifty dollars for each adult person, plus twentyfive dollars for food with children to go for half. There

were a number of exasperating delays; but finally, on February 4,

'*5T5* 1846, the Brooklyn hauled anchor

Utah Oil Refining Co. Stations and Dealers in its Products and put to sea—by curious coinEverywhere in Utah and Idaho Contract quoted extenso, Journal History. Jan.

CARE FOR YOUR CAR—FOR YOUR COUNTRY 27.Ibid.,1846. Jan. 26. 1846.

14Description of Brooklyn, Times and Seasons,

VI. 1127.

SAM BRANNAN

cidence on the very day the first leaden gray waters of the channel,

Mormon Pioneers crossed the Mismany a heart tugged in nostalgic sissippi's ice and plunged into the memory of what they never again unknown west. Crowding the rails might see. Many an eye turned for

of the Brooklyn were two hundred a fond last look at the white mounds and thirtyeight Saints, including of Staten Island, the hazed and fast seventy men, sixtyeight women, and receding shoreline. Their life of the

one hundred children. It was a past was dead—their new life only

solemn moment in the lives of these now commenced. Who could know

people. They were leaving, pertheir future store?

haps forever, the land of their birth, And as if in answer to their anTRY THIS TODAY....

the nation of their allegiance. They guished hearts, a brave voice raised

faced the grim necessity of tearing itself in song. While the masts grew

up roots and beginning life anew in white with sail, while the old ship a strange land—for in those days the cleaved the swells out into the AtMexican province of California was lantic, the song caught on—until it... ADD Vi teaspoon magicflavored

as little known to average Americans rolled in mighty paean of sustaining Mapleine to your favorite gingerbread mix. gingerbread prepared to or recipe they All Russia. of steppes the faithas

with Vi pan greased of bottom Sprinkle for their anlove onepossessed was blended have in which you sugar cup star Sister, evening see yon their future, in theirother, the pinehope Arrange Mapleine. of teaspoon '/a hills afar! Shining the on gingerbread Pour in pan. in faithsustaining rings God. apple it for not, Shines and you me usual. as Bake pineapple. over batter the California sea? O'er cream. day, that bleak February whipped on with And hot serve out, Turn Rejoice! Rejoice! gathership the with creakingwhen shall bloom! wilderness The

ing sail slipped past the bristling guns of Fort Lafayette and into the (To be continued) A tonguetickling blend offlavors, this dessert spells t(m-m-more!"

Mapleine brings a tempting flavor accents of its own, fruit spice and WHAT OTHERS THINK OF THE MORMONS flavors, too the! Discover dozens

( Continued from page 625 possessions. We consider them our of winning ways that Mapleine

From subsequent contacts, through visitchoice assets, economically as well perks up your vital foods in '42.

state, the in thating the I found Mormons socially as and religiously. zest to dishes! Gives a new main

in quite and clannishare way, a business Imparts delicious flavor to quick, gentile to capital are using theyalthough state that their greatest I think I would help in the development of their country, weakness as a Church is the missionary economical syrup! Get a bottle of

and there is at the present time a large system, wherein very young men and someMapleine from your grocer today.

quantity of such, still they prefer to do times women without proper training are their trading and give their profits to people sent into all parts of the world as missionreligion. in the farmingof Out their own aries. can young people That these

condition of state thedistricts give IMITATIONMAPLEINEMAPLE FLAVOR of the I think, morally, of themselves accounts agrigood culture is very backward from a modern is known to those who come in contact with for syrup... for flavoring

standpoint. You see a great deal of abthem. But their weakness lies in their inject poverty through such districts, although, ability to discuss such matters with the more

of course, modern methods of agriculture intelligent people in the educated centers, have made great headway in some places. owing to their lack of experience and min-

(No. 20) isterial training.

Comment: Granting that the obmeetingsThe Mormonbelieve Churchin havingin theirthe religiousvariousservations may be true in many cases, members of the Church take part in talkFULL PflDTECTIDIV

foreign capital has solicited investing to the congregations. This results in

ment in Mormon communities, partly making many of their services uninterestthru ing, speakers of the as have no many of investment managersbecause this deliver ability and to parent a sermon apHEALTH confirms, like insurance companies, This of preparation. lack is amplified by

sidered the risk exceptionally desirChurch does not believe in a paid clergy. and ACCIDENTable. While this may be beneficial in some respects, it does not lend itself to services of

Irrigation, so essential in reclaim- a high intellectual order, and may detracting the desert, has limited the size from its spiritual rewards. I have been INSURANCE

is recently that Church the Mormon fine In these Companies unit to frequently theof farming are great churches building which some less nowtold fifty acres and Benefitthan hundred or one Health & Accident Mutual architecture from in church improvements to crops of an intensive nature such the past, and that tbey are more and more Ass'n as fruits and vegetables. Such pressing for better and better sermons and United Benefit Life Insurance Co.

essential for exhilaration Benefit that is order the Government Employees'considerable require handcrops that services. church seem So, it would Ass'n

tractors,labor, hence, fewer the mentioned weakrecognize above field inthey trucks, and large machinery. ness, in part, at least. (No. 22) For a Personalized

Insurance Service see Their chief weakness is their traditionalComment: Although the quality,

of most ism, weakness which is a common (No. as preachers, of our missionaries evinecessary. religious people, though not

of exadequate absence dences the21) RUHIR their humility perience, youth and INSURANCE AGENCY

Comment: The traditions of the have won many converts who have, 139 So. 2nd East., Salt Lake CityMormon people constitute our prize (Continued on page 666)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1942

WHAT OTHERS THINK OF THE MORMONS ( Continued from page 665 themselves. I have been greatly impressed

this gives that the breadth of with sympathy faith through prayer, and been intraveled well are they them. a class As their spired to accept of message is going familiar therefore with are and what

truth. on in the world to an unusual degree.

The poor quality of many serYou will perhaps think, from the foremons, evidencing insufficient prepagoing, that I am a Mormon, or have a tenis far from to very one. This become ration, is frequently apparent.

the case. of the a Many dencybeing member I am including leaders, neglect members, all of anas Congregational Church, my study. We do not practice always cestors have been for many years. Like what we believe—"a person is saved so many in the East, I was brought up to

no faster than he gains knowledge."have a feeling of abhorrence toward the

Many elders return home from a Mormons,that feelingbutandI havebelievelongthatsinceanylivedwho downhave splendid mission and allow themhad the experience that I have had in Utah SOFT selves to stagnate mentally and spirwould share my feelings as expressed itually in their home town. The above. (No. 3) ASA gospel teaches us to "seek wisdom."

I have had an opportunity to become acAssets of the Mormon People quainted with many people, both Mormons KITTEN'S Given Without Comment and nonMormons, in Utah, and I feel that

I know the Mormon people fairly well. TT 'I fHE most outstanding characteristic of I have spoken on a number of occasions

* the Mormon people which would be in their tabernacles at their religious services considered as an asset is their high deon Sundays, and have been in the homes velopment of the economic virtues of inof many of them. The Mormon people are

Cleans dustry,ness. Isobriety,think I thrift,have andnevermutualbeen helpfulamong probablypeople I knowmore generallyin Americadevoutexceptthanperhapsany

Pa/nfed walls and higherpeople degree.who possessed these virtues in a thethe Seventhspecial tenetsDay Adventists.of their religionThey acceptin the

as with the greatly impressed the with same devotion spirit and high same I am woodwork state sects in the religious of morality to other people, espeamong the do adherents like dusting cially those phases of morality which an United States.

economist is likely to evaluate highly. The The only Mormon books which I have

habits of the people seemed unusually simread with care are The Doctrine and ple ability Their and wholesome. to work DisYoung's Brigham and Covenants *o Watir together projects greater on large than was give impartial courses. would Anyone who

I NO less elsewhere. seen have There was RINSING of these in either to anything consideration

N0DRY/N6 profanityhears, andandI nevervulgaritywas thanin a onecommunitycommonlyin anybooksstatementmust admitwhichthata devoutneither Christiancontains which outsiders were treated with quite so might not apply with profit in his daily life.

much courtesy and consideration. ( 1

as I have observed the Mormon So far the people * -4fDVSTItfS- I TO PAINT surpass in any they people, of high in their one visiting profeswidow of The the country other part GLOSS

I consider conduct. personal standards of sor saying answered by

AND HANDS them a group of people somewhat above industry, in intelligence, morthe average... in while guests were Logan, We

religious printo their and faithfulness of the college guests of the not ality, town, and guests in a strict sense, but in spirit. It was ciples. I am convinced from what I have

a beautiful spirit, I may say (No. 2) seen, and from many conversations, especially with my students in the summer session, that the best things in family life are

I have come to feel, from my several cherished by the Mormons to a greater exsummers in Utah, and my students share this tent than among people generally in this SOILOFF feeling with me, that the Mormons are country.

I usually high of higher, a people, grade is so giving of people other group No think, the the general than run average on recreation to the attention wholesome much

I in this their of country. think people people. life their of social of young the

their characteristics outstanding are most club and houses maintain boy Mormons The their to truth the devotion emphasis and on the supergirl are under houses club which Did Church mind a and body. Boohs sound sound a Wanted They and vision of women. competent very men in state have, as that erected know, you its of library enlarging For is the difficulty Mormons There among no unusually satisfactory referan thorough eduand works, ence "THE services of in the time securing IMPROVEMENT and men cational state that the system, a so has is interested in purchasing activities ERA"for the of best Scout type Boy illiteracy. small of remarkably amount They earlier of copies publica- I Church activities. recreational only can other and also recredevotion to extreme have an tions including admiration highest of in the terms speak ation. are indeed play Recreation and

to efforts are they the making of which religion. their part of a made MILLENNIAL THE STAR girls their to honorbring be and boys up abstemthey are remarkably a group As industrious able women. and and men DISCOURSES JOURNAL OF their in habits. ious Practically of none

TIMES AND SEASONS them use intoxicating liquors, tobacco, tea, However nonMormons may view the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA orplancoffee.with aTheirview citiesto thearefuture.built onAlthougha large MormonPioneers madereligion,theirwewaymustto Utahadmit underthat thethe

and other significant Church books. the cities were laid out long before automost trying conditions. There is no chapter

mobiles were thought of, the cities of Utah in American history which exhibits greater

Write are almost the only places I have seen in courage or heroism than the migration of

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the United States where the streets are not the Mormons and their early struggles with 50 North Main Street unduly crowded with traffic. the desert. The United States stands first

Salt Lake City, Utah A great majority of the young men and of all for religious liberty so it is inexand give names, dates, volume numwomen spend a part of their earlier mancusable for anyone to raise the question of bers and conditions of books offered. hood and womanhood in foreign missionary the right of the Mormons to adhere to their

service, which they are supposed to finance religious tenets. (No. 4)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1942

What Others Thinkof the Mormons B

From my observation of the Mormons, I should say that the most outstanding and commendable trait of these people is their courage, their physical and mental endurance, and their attitude of mind toward the truth, whatever may be its source or /Mm.CmtZeZ SPICY "At"ITTIS

its character.

I was greatly impressed with their manifest to listen willingness to the presentation like like plain, their families cookies some good and and them SOME factsof interest in any field (No. of human for jar to spicy. rush Well, don't surprised cooky the see be busy a

this delightful "ettes for recipe submitted Spicy "Al make you up when

First, their strong community sense and by Mrs. Gertrude Conte of Los Angeles. Just try it and see!

second: their appreciation of the recreative

side of life several decades before it entered the general American consciousness. SPICY "AT'ETTES (No. 6)

In general they are earnest, sincere. Chris- 3 C. GLOBE "Al"FLOUR 1 tsp. soda

tian people, peculiar with a apocrypha C. raisins cinnamon 1 tsp. V2

their felt I Bible. to their they livedadded

shortening 1 tsp.religion ginger % C. sincerely than easternmore most

ers that I know. I like them as a people. V2 tsp. cloves 1/2 C. sugar

(No. 7) V2 tsp. salt V2 C. dark molasses

V2 c raisin water I First, trait the regarding regard which salt spices, measure, add once, flour Sift

I thatas industry, an asset would say shortening, add; sift again. Cream soda

raisins, well. creaming gradually, Add living clean the things sugarwork, are and which

little flour a mixture well, then add mix instood observations. out have They my and molasses with alternating time, at a hard Mimmm and fine, culturala of point view, morally and thoroughly and together. liquid Mix mixed

thickness, inch quarter to Roll firm. until one people. physically they are fineand in refrigerator chill (No. 8)

in sheet baking greased cutter bake on and cooky large with cut is rolled If dough fifteen minutes. about oven degrees) (350 moderate

required. will flour be little mixing a more after immediately out else everywhere in Protestant About

Christendom, religion is incidentally or accidentally related to the social order. In

civilization religion informs theMormon 'and. aovsl Pul digfatenxx!cial order as one's skeleton inwardly forms soScu "GLOBE A T

one's body. This one fact alone was of

absorbing interest to me. It accounts for

both the values and defects of Mormonism.

... Almost every ecclesiastical establishment I know has much to learn from the

Mormons and much to avoid. The Mormons are a wonderful people and they have QompbdsL

civilization. a wonderful (No. 9)

assets. Banking greatest Morality is one of their

<No. 10) ALWAYS a peasHotel SstiwioL...,TSlr.ty*e

WcSqua'e,SaUUkcthe I Mormonsnever met ina Utah.finer groupI formerlyof peoplelivedthanin

Independence, Missouri, where quite a portion of that town was settled by Latterday COMMERCIAL AND SAVINGS

Saints of Jesus Christ. These people are ACCOUNTS.

always very clean in their political and social life. TRUST DEPARTMENT—Acting *,<, to have you"

I want to say that these Mormons out west as Administrator, Executor, our gue*1*1 are a very splendid and keenly alert group Guardian and Trustee.

the people. are far average aboveof They

believe in strongly in attendance, very eduABSTRACT DEPARTMENT. HEWCOFFEtS50.000SHOP free liquor are generally cation, from and

and cigarettes. The two most outstanding

characteristics of the Mormon people as I SAFETY DEPOSIT BOXES.

viewed them was their selfrespect and cleanliness of person and speech. They All departments on ground floor.

spurned the smutty stories. They were a

thrifty, industrious, affable group of people. I could very easily live among them

and get along well.

I know of nothing other than an inborn from prejudice borrowed that was a preSAVINGS & that vious generation as a liability might act

TRUST CO. intelmoral, react against from a them or UTAH Hotel Temple Spare spiritual, lectual, and physical 235 Street South Main

1 list as an I would the Mormons standpoint.A No. Federal Reserve Member System Salt ctMsj @ihf risk. (No. 11)

Deposit Federal Member Insurance Corporation CURjNCE L. WEST,

I have known the Mormon people someManager ( Continued on page 668.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1942

WHAT OTHERS THINK OF THE MORMONS (Continued from page 667) You will note that I am not critically education which they are so admirably what for fiftytwo years and rather intiminded regarding these friendly people. furthering. (No. 18)

mately for fortyeight years. They are al- (No. 15)

ways thrifty. The Church gives personal I was particularly impressed by the cleantheir people, financially to all ofattention ness the of decency and young Mormons that stands out as most an asset, The thing all talent otherwise. promoteand They field parties. of have been who members my is thrift, their their I believe, disposition, andthat is discovered. (No. 12) of habits at a!'Not one them any had bad ability to money. and save 16) (No. make

I of tobacco. them even Very used few

I was impressed particularly by two found them good workers, cheerful, steady, things: (1) The seriousness with which Most of my experiences with the Mormon and reasonable. I do not recall that I ever

they take their religion and apply it to group were most happy. They seem to be had a personal altercation or any other kind

every day conduct; (2) their universal leading a clean, useful life, with the maof difficulty with one of them. I have

courtesy to strangers. I was furthermore jority of them apparently more nearly livnoticed in the small Mormon villages that

impressed by their apparent success in ing up to the ideals which they hold than there was a general air of contentment and keeping the large majority of their children is the case with people with whom I have absence of friction.

orthodox and free from delinquent tenlived elsewhere. I should be glad to live The Mormons I have known appear to

dencies. (No. 13) in a Mormon community in spite of the fact be very loyal and helpful to each other, as

they are human, and individuals are as well as self reliant about their own affairs.

all, to at people poor have seem They no in individuals hypocritical other as any physically strong particularly are They wealthy. although of are very them few the for exgroup. bishop of Church, A to to with appears mentally whatand me rural the of course mostly speaking Of am to in cordial ample, extending very was me desire for education. unusualbe an While I class, the as well not acquainted with Iam his before the he year welcome, though had the of being of appearance have themsome city Mormons. I business as as rotten deal a handed me of fundamentalism, form some bydominated I hoskind the found very and Mormons in. individual exever This had engaged as are probably openminded andthey pitable. parts the In country of very few different the perience vastly from mawas halfmillion truth for as the oneready any I friendrecall treated do being with such I jority had, of experiences however. which single group. of (No.people 14) any liness in Utah. as kind, courteous, workers, are hard They

I is the asset the think outstanding most I are, think, the useful as average above who

My association with the Mormons in citizens. I am afraid I am not qualified to fact that they are really sincere regarding

Utah has been entirely pleasant. I found draw comparisons of a spiritual nature. their religious beliefs and carry them out

them a very hospitable, kindly people with (No. 17) consistently and fully. I am inclined to as-

a marked desire to know what other peocribe to that sincerity their steadiness, cheerple were thinking about and to know the fulness, and solidarity. It is on account of

evidence on which modern biology bases The organization of the Church as a sothe same thing that they are able to induce its conclusions. The Mormon social system cial institution has had very great advantage, the young men to go out on foreign misappears to work, and I was much pleased whereas some of their theological formulas sions on which they have to make severe

with their group play as well as their group will have to be redefined, or otherwise personal sacrifices. Singularly enough the

cooperation. changed to meet the demands set by the very making of these sacrifices seems to

THE welldressed woman will be wearing overalls—if that's what it takes to care

for her country's cars. And on civilian

duties she doesn't go faster than 40—to get %$&**$. there without undue wear. But there's still

another main battlefront against wear..

at 00 miles per hour!

When your car's stockstill, starting cold, will your Winter oil work faster than ramOOmto pant Friction? You can hope so—or you

can have your engine oilplated by

Conoco Nta motor oil. An added synthetic mm in this patented oil seems to "magnetize"

oilplating to inner engine surfaces as closely as the plating on bumpers.

Where does any good plating go during parking or overnight? It doesn't go. It

stays. Neither does oilplating all go

draining down to the crankcase. Long hours

after you stop—long minutes before any oil

from below could climb way up—the oilplating that stayed up can be easing cold

iHt:. starts. Oilplating is still there at 40an-

hour, too, assisting the highduty liquid film of Conoco N oil to keep wear that much farther away.

Not much chance now of changing to a

JOIN FREE new car. Smart strategy is changing to an

oilplated at Your Mileage Merengine—CLUB ONCE-A-WEEK the to yourself station station. chant's Conoco Oil Continental Co. Conoco Merchant's Mileage Your and in ElectS drive to day regular own your Choose battery. radiator, oil, tires, check him have means attention expert systematic you to "port He'll Hfrouble'-prevention. he anything and lubrication on advance car! your of m CONOCO duration the for need you finds

Care For Your Car... For Your Country n

!8*8&i8S MOTOR Oil

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1942

WHAT OTHERS THINK OF THE MORMONS "L. D. S. Training Pays!"

render them more devoted than ever to the superior type of civilization. It is written

the at theorganization, course gospel, and of that same time in might ye come "I am For intensive, professional it life it broadens their sympathies. outlook have and and that might ye have more

faith abundantly."the of (No. 19) The Mormon training in STENOGRAPHY,..... people given has "Life them abundmore

traits strength splendid personal and The their I consider greatest asset or GENACCOUNTING, comreli- antly."the to their peopleof are due Mormon

I leadership. munity further Analyzing

idealism.gious (No. 21) ERAL OFFICE WORK, is this leadership fruit would natural the say

of the mission. The mission is in my opinto I learned cerappreciate highly very greatest ion the school in the world for REGISTER NOW, at thetain habits of traceable were mind which training leadership, in resourcefulness, perto their religion; for example, I gave a small sonality. It gives the spiritual outlook on L. D. S.

partydinner evening one and was very life. fruit is the respect loyalty and The of BUSINESS COLLEGEinterested that to note guests the Mormon ideals to the their fathers. youth high of

whom I had there chose milk instead of (No. 24)

tea or coffee to accompany their dinner. I

found out later that was based on one of

I Those with had most to do are whom faith,the early of the teachings Mormon.. people. are wellman-. They in similar situcultivated as is so often thewhich, case

ations, attempts to regulate many things of nered, interested in intellectual matters, fairly an economic nature which most of us look well read, and of right purpose.... A

upon as purely personal matters. (No. 20) number of those Mormons whom I met and

came to know very well are straightforward, rightliving earnest, their people. take They I trait, the believe or might say, one amreligion seriously to honestly and and seem Ibition, the of repeople which Mormon

it live to better than per- a up good many their greatest as asset reactsgard which and

I life sons in ordinary know whom.... theirto advantage which and should now religion has people. developed moral The a their fullyreact in to the advantage more

their less find In you'll... towns wickedis theirfuture, for craving education, and

I in ness places; less than think most much offithethe encouragement which Church

itself in gentile than prides a that town on firstcials to of the education. give One

its superiority. object know You Mormons this arrivingthings did which people when

I to the six smoking. Well, or so weeksin at valley Salt the great time which Lake

I in of spent ten a about thousand town establish to waste, barren schools. a waswas

three persons smoking. saw was One itself established several ChurchThe myself, professor, another eastern an was later university intoschools which grew

third five the a and the miles was man upstanding.

fishing. is canyon There probably some to students constantly are coming Many

gentiles backsliders or smoking and among universities large easternthe and some for poor tobacco. one Mormons, can buy universities, spirit the representingAvestern

tea culticoffee. drink or not do They A in the respectof to people educaMormon vated called young upon who was womantion are doing work. and good have Many

visitors to entertain the east from some the leaders to inreturned are and Utah inquired of tea wife made. was how my the of people.thought for qualified demand The

it seen had did never not She and made training the of educational Mormon The office its taste. continues in workers to the people young The know is the schools. to confined people notyoung

college are finelooking, rather a wholesome, their organizations they conareIn far Church greater the than be lot. wellmannered, wellbehaved a and of subjectsstantly educational studying

... I supply, is the building believe a Church up BUT their studies confine tovalue not do and

in civilization region. sound that mountain subjects. related ortheology

. private.. Government and in believe music, games, The Mormons from Students have come Mormon who

dancing, other innocent enand of methods universities to eastern the employers have most madehomes want joyment. (No. 23) is in scholastic true records.enviable This competent people young

art. in music and andwork

I would like to mention another thing in I have very sincere admiration for the available.

connection with their interest in education industry and thoroughness of the intellectual and that is their high moral standard. As side of the Mormon Church. This opinion You can serve your country

in ablefar as I to observe been have many by will society, of in not find,classes one my stitutionsI formed andwhilewhileteachinglecturingat theto theUtahteachin-—and yourself—best

opinion, a higher grade of morals than exers at a state meeting. (No. 25) mastering such subjects as

ists the people and among Mormon the chilshorthand, typewriting, acbeen taught havedren in Mormon who homes and institutions. This standard, IMPORTANT WORTHS counting, machine calculatheir educational withtogether training, By Goldie B. Bettridge tion, etc. strongly to their advantage,should react

financially. spiritually,intellectually, and students are registering New is sublime, so world

is for orThe noted Church Mormon The full of beauty. So every for day. our Write everyganization involves man, which itswom-

... its worth know We active are child members.an, and "Bulletin who of Information"in hesitate part Yet

their organizations the of divisions ofMany duty. our To do for of leadership smalloffer the opportunity

groups and which tends to develop strong There is so much of lifeleaders at the top. It takes good organiThat is worth the living, *

zation in business to get results, and this So much of love could in truth be giving.ismonexemplifiedChurch. Thisin manyChurchwaysis strongin the finanMor- Wecially, and the wealth is being constantly Yet do we pause... L D. S.

spent in the betterment of conditions among And in meditation the people. (No. 22) Succumb to languid ponder,

forget thus And Business College in lassitude I consider the outstanding characteristic While we wonder.

of their the sincere belief Life's people happiness, Mormon Salt Lake City, Utah daily practice their interpretation of Life's allin and important worths of the Christian religion. The result is a We squander.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1942

SOLUTION TO SEPTEMBER PUZZLE Scriptural Crossword Puzzle—Food and Drink

"1 have eaten my honeycomb with my honey; I have drunk my wine with my

milk; eat O friends; drink, yea, drink abundantly, O beloved."—S. of S. 5:1.

Bind Your

ACROSS 1 What* Daniel, ate instead of the king's 31 Black bird meat Dan. 1: 16 32 Saul was buried under an...Magazines... 6 Drink miraculously supplied to Hagar 33 Helper

Gen. 21: 19 35 Fruit that the Israelites ate in Egypt

NOW is just the time to gather up 10 Egyptianbered Num.food that11:5the Israelites remem36 ImaginaryNum. 11:being5

Exists 37 "they shall see... to..."your 1942 Church publications and 12

13 Our 27 across has this 38 Exclamation have them bound into attractive, 15 Material for bread Ezek. 4: 9 40 Hymn measure

India, In a dance Fairies 43convenient volumes. 16

.. 18 not "was drink. and nay"45 Modern

19 "Come unto..."Matt. 11: 28 46 More food left behind in Egypt

PRESERVE THIS PRICELESS 20 "a... in the wall"Ezek. 8: 7 50 Tin

MATERIAL! 2325 CapuchinGermaniummonkey 5251 "And"the children... lovedof. Esau,.."Ezrabecause2: 49he did

And the cost is small. Note these 2726 "AndBabylonianJoseph'sdeityten brethren went down 55 "sheeat ofbroughthis venison"forth... in a lordly

to buy 5:... in Egypt"25 dish"Judg.prices:

.."noise 29 Harsh of. 56 "children Neh. 7: 48

Improvement Era, per volume..$2.00 30 Northwestern state

DOWN Relief Society Magazine, per 1 An apple is one 24 Disconcerts.. of the valleys"own pleasure"Deut. 23: 24

beast 27 Milkgiving Gen. 32: 15Instructor, per volume 1.50 43 A"and44 downthe.

Children's Friend, per volume.. 2.00 5 Masculine proper name 28 Vex

6 Noah may have been the first man that 32 Town of Benjamin 1 Chron. 8: 12

drank... Gen. 9: 21 34 Elder

Bring them in, or mail them, 7 Judah's third king 2 Chron. 14: 1 39 Suffix meaning "oil"

8 Resound 41 "A small round thing, as small as the

TODAY! 9 Artificial language hoar frost on the ground"

11 Matthew was one 42 "And make me savoury..., such as

14 Ravens brought.. and flesh to Elijah I love"Gen. 27: 4

1 Kings 17: 6 44 "a piece of a broiled..."

.. and coin other food to 46 Roumanian

17: Superlative suffixThe Deseret lews Press 17 ShobiDavidbrought2 Sam. 47 29

29 Richards Street 19 TheflowingIsraeliteswith were... andpromisedhoney""a land 4948 Cows"a.. (Dial.. with Eng.)holes"Hag. 1: 6

Salt Lake City, Utah 21 "Then Jacob gave Esau bread and pot51 Size of shot tage of..."Gen. 25: 34 53 Lava

35 '22 John the Baptist ate this 54 Calcium

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1942

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS

{Concluded from page 641) Though they may be active members of the Church,

Joseph Smith the Prophet declared that "in the they have missed something that others have recelestial glory there are three heavens or degrees."ceived, and must be classed accordingly.

Full exaltation of attainment the highest means the of celestial glory. these three degrees in the ( D. & necessarilySimilarly,receiveall whofullenterexaltationthe celestial glory do not

C. 131:1) The Prophet further explained that to inherit this therein.—/. A. W.

highest degree, to be fully exalted, a man or a woman must be married for time and eternity, sealed to someone by the "Holy Spirit of Promise."( D. & Ivjlu. (bo JPwasl U)ho (DIsl fisigxfuL

C. 131:2-4; also 132:7) Such people have fitted

themselves to carry on the work of the Lord by providing the means of salvation for others, their xaftatwtL?

own progeny. They have eternal "increase"; they

shall "continue"; they shall have no "end."They 'T'he Lord, speaking to Joseph Smith the Prophet,

are like the gods. They who are not so sealed redeclared that "little children are redeemed from

main "angels of God forever and ever."(D. & C. the foundation of the world through mine Only

132:17) Begotten."(D. & C. 29:46) He has further inThis does not mean that those who have not structed his people that the law of the gospel does

married on earth, through no fault of their own, may not become operative until children "begin to benot attain exaltation. For them the sealing ordicome accountable before me."( D. & C. 29:47

nance may be performed vicariously; and then, if The age of accountability has been set for normal

the work is accepted by them, they may receive all persons at eight years of age. ( D. & C. 68:25 ) At

promised blessings following obedience to law. that age baptism should be performed.

The experiences of earth make this situation Those who die before the age of accountability somewhat understandable. There are members of have their bodies. If in their preexistent state they

the Church who have received the gospel, and who have not made themselves unworthy, it is not thinkare in fellowship with the Saints but who do not use able that they will be deprived of any blessing held all of the opportunities of the gospel. For example, in reserve for the Saints of God. They will be in

they may not use their privilege to receive the temthe hands of the Lord, who is full of love and justice.

A. W. ple endowment, or to be ordained to the Priesthood. We may safely leave them there.—J,

HERE IS THE POWER.. AND THE PLOW

"D Where farmers are raising crops ior victory you will find Oliver p <3> poweran OliverandRowOliverCropplows60 tractordoing istheirsavingjobs hourstirelesslyand andfuel well.and energyMany

for farsighted owners. Many an Oliver No. 21 TwoWay Sulky is

s4 ri H3 tilling the soil better for modern production. Every piece of equipment in Oliver's long line is performing with distinction in our

nation's emergency.

->.- BR;'-'

-Bjjii: h3 ilJro '*wm

ll

biggestThe 60, with famouslittle"TipToe"tractor everwheels.built—OliverHighcompressionRow Crop

engine with thrifty Oliver "Fuel Miser"governor control.

Oliver No. 21 strong TwoWay plow known

work.for its good PlowsSulky—ato 12 inches Adjustdeep.

able for 16, 17 or 18 inch furrows. Power lift for

each beam. Easy operating depth screw. Adjustable

hitch.

MOUNTAIN STATES IMPLEMENT CO.

OGDEN, UTAH Branches: UTAH—Ogden, Tremonton, Logan.

IDAHO—Preston, Blackfoot, Shelley, Idaho Falls, Rexburg, Rupert, Twin Falls, Buhl.

JlDuTPaqe an d Burs

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY FORMULAS for the giving of announcements or other forms REPORT OF CONFERENCE PROCEEDINGS of public address often fail because the formula is overWILL DELAY NOVEMBER "ERA"fails to the or take speaker worked will give, plans, to present account according Era of the speech. or the occasion audience of into consideration the type THE

conference proceedings the October of and addresses outline for Here's an an announcement:

to in its are Subscribers asked number. make November

Get A ttention allowances for late delivery of the magazine for NovemCreate I nterest ber since getting the verbatim conference speeches into

Develop D esire print will unavoidably delay press time.

Call for A ction Remember Verdi's opera Aida the next time you make an to the skies. announcement, and sing it

Submitted by Albert L. Zobell, Jr. UNCHANGED

$ "I"Yes,oughtandtoyouknow;camedidn'thomeI gothattoway,college,too."stupid?"

like central Folks committee would Old to know The the CRUSTY those of all of birth age, over 100 name, date and place years of age. Father: "When I was a boy I always ate the crusts."

Please forward information to Bishop LeGrand Richards, Willie: "Did you like them?"

chairman. Father: "Of course I did!"

The following women have passed the century mark: Willie: "Then you can have mine, Dad."

Field Mrs. Mary Garner—106 years. Roy, Utah. Born 'THE DIFFERENCE in Herefordshire, 1, 1836, England. February

old. years Provo, Mrs. Musser Makale Anna Teacher: "Now, Carlisle—103 Freddie,"explain the difference between

2, (Pullak, in Switzerland 1839, Born Utah. Canton January 'sufficient''enough.'and

of Serve). Freddie: "If mother helps me to cake, I get sufficient. If I Mrs. Anna Lambson Vincent—102 years old. Park City, help myself, I get enough."

Utah. Born September 14, 1840, at Branch County, Michigan.

Mrs. Emma Hodgetts Lowder—101 years old. Parowan, FAME

myself famous."found Utah. Born January 24, -—1841, $in Worcestershire, England. "Yes,"said the great man, "I woke up one morning and slightly different with me,"sighed the other. "I "It was

1007 W. Center St., found myself famous—and then I woke up."

Anaheim, California. SCIENTIFIC DIFFERENTIATION Dear Editors:

is pie of kind or peach?"Customer: "What I to all the this—apple heart express those bottom and to you, "pROM of my

it like?"taste Waitress: does "What *- it, in sincere appreciation thanks a and have hand my who "Glue."Customer: I fine as magazine for such Era. look a Improvement The

it's apple. like putty."Waitress: peach tastes "Then The uplifting inspirational to issue the to forward and every and new

I that articles therein. pray contained always and I hope may ARMYMINDED ANSWER

to live strength truly the the gospel, with courage and have pencil forgot Teacher: your "So you again, Freddy. My, the as along a help a guidepost way. and Era The Improvement a soldier without be my, what would a gun?"

Sincerely your sister, Freddy: "A officer, I 'spect."

Miss Elena LaVerne Smith, Fullerton Ward, Long Beach Stake. PUNISHMENT TO FIT THE CRIME

-$- Joe: "I met my wife in a very funny way. I ran over her

car, her."later married with and my Field, Gowen

"If everybody had to do that, there wouldn't be so Jack: Boise, Idaho.

reckless driving."much Dear Editors:

have been receiving a copy of The Improvement Era. I do HERE'S YOUR HAT

I feel I not it has it, but done know who is sending me very She: "Sometimes my dad takes things apart to see why they

the only that it has inasmuch good I have been much way had don't go."

of knowing what is going on and being done in the Church by He: "So what?"

our leaders. She: "So you'd better go."

I wish to express my thanks and appreciation to whoever it is that is sending the Era to me. TIPPED HER OFF

Sincerely yours, Joe: "So you asked Geraldine to marry you. Any luck?"

John Walkenhorst, Bo: "Naw."

Cpl., 6th Bomb. Squad., Joe: "Didn't you tell her about your rich uncle?"

Gowen Field, Boise, Idaho. Bo: "Yeah, and that's where I made my mistake. She's my

-$- aunt now."

DIFFICULT FEAT CHRISTMAS PACKAGES FOR SERVICE MEN andMissus:when it"Icamefeel upveryin clubkeenlytodayon theI wassubjectquite ofoutspokenbetter schoolsin my

OVERSEAS sentiments."

Mister: "I can't believe it. Who outspoke you?"

issued notice that Post Office Department Christmas has The mail intended forces should armed be disHE SURE WAS OLD for men in the patched between October 1 and November 1. Packages should Joe: "How old is Grandpa, Father?"

be kept to minimum size and weight; not over eighteen inches Father: "I don't know, son. I'll have to look it up in the

long or fortytwo inches in length and girth combined, and family Bible."

nothing over eleven pounds. Food is ruled out. Packages Joe: "Gee! I knew he was old, but I didn't think he was old

should be endorsed "Christmas Parcel."enough to be in the Bible."

KSL—CBS NEWS

MORNING*

6:00 M.T.W.T.F.S.

CBS News 7:00 Sun.—CBS World Today

7:00 M.T.W.T.F.S.

KSL News

7:45 M.T.W.T.F.S.

KSL News

8:30 M.T.W.T.F.S.

KSL News 9:00 Sat. Sun.—CBS News

9:00 M.T.W.T.F.

KSL News

10:00 M.T.W.T.F.

iNTERMOUNTAIN AMERICA, U> S A* Ted Collins 10:00 Sat.—CBS News

10:00 Sun.—KSL News

UNEQUALED RADIO NEWS COVERAGE IS NOW YOURS OVER 1 1:45 Sat. Sun.—KSL News

AFTERNOON* KSL. TO THE COMPLETE SERVICE OF THE UNITED PRESS,

12:00 M.T.W.T.F.

KSL News

12:45 Sun.—KSL News

KSL THIS MONTH ADDS THE EXCLUSIVE RADIO NEWS 1:15 M.T.W.T.F.

CBS News 1:45 M. T. W. T. F. S.

KSL News COVERAGE OF THE GREAT ASSOCIATED PRESS. CSS 3:00 M.T.W.T.F.

KSL News 3:45 Sun.—Wm. Shirer

SHORTWAVE LISTENING POSTS AN BATTERY OF NEWS 4:00 Sun.—Ed Murrow

4:45 M.T.W.T.F.S.

CBS World Today

5:00 Sun.—KSL News

ANALYSTS BRING THE FARFLUNG NEWS FRONTS 5:30 Daily—KSL News

5:55 M.T.W.T.F.S.

KSL News DIRECTLY TO YOU* TUNE YOUR NEWS STATION, KSL,.

EVENING*

FOR THE MOST COMPLETE AND RELIABLE RADIO NEWS 6:00 Sun.—CBS News

6:45 Sun.—CBS News

6:45 Mon.—KSL News

IN INTERMOUNTAIN AMERICA* 6:55 EricSat. SevareidSun.

6:55 M. T. W. T. F.

Cecil Brown

8:45 Tue. Thur. Sat.

cacesfrj &d 9:00 FrazierSun.—KSLHuntNews

9:15 Mon.—KSL News

9:30 T. W. Th. Sat.

SALT LAKE CITY KSL News 50,000 WATTS 10:30 KSLM.T.W.T.F.S.News

KEY STATION FOR COLUMBIA IN INTERMOUNTAIN AMERICA 11:55 KSLM.T.W.T.F.S.News

*AII hours given are Mountain War Time SJiWhete Roots Kun Peep 'fkete

Deeply rooted in hard, mountain soil, this weathered old veteran, now devoid of its tops and foliage, still stands firm against the buffeting winds on the cliff's edge.

The security of your home and your family depends upon a deeplyrooted financial program. Wellplanned BENEFICIAL LIFE

INSURANCE will keep your family from want after you yourself can no longer provide for them. Remember, too, the government is urging you to save in life insurance

both as a hedge against inflation, and to secure your future while your income is high. /

Save and insure the BENEFICIAL way. A /

/ V

THE IMPROVEMENT ERAj

s 1 US ttlAM 1MS'M PANT