%mw@&$i

mp&Qvgtnetit;

MORE SPECIAL FEATURES FOR YOU AT BYU

Workshops

Art and Printmaking Practices Business Education of the Athletic Trainer Gain a Full Summer of Study

Business Management Development Child With All the Vacation Extras

Counseling Utah Economic Workshop Note These DatesLeadership Week, June 12 through 16;

Workshop for English Teachers First term begins June 19; Second term begins July 25.

Education of Mentally Retarded

Health Education Distinguished Faculty—Nationally famous teachers will

Language Arts for Elementary School visit to augment able and adequate resident faculty.

Library Workshop Visiting artists also conduct classes.

Precision Dance, Drill, Marching Devotionals and Lectures—Church General Authorities,

High School Publication religious scholars, and experts in many fields speak in

Reading for Elementary School outstanding BYU assembly programs.

Rehabilitarion Workshop for Nurses

Radio and Television Culture—Thrilling summerlong series of concerts by the

finest artists in music, drama, dance.

Clinics Recreation—Full program of outings, dances, athletics

Athletic Clinic for Boys and the scenic Wasatch Mountains near at hand for brief

Cosmetology trips. The Timpanogos Hike in July is the experience of

Genealogical Clinic a lifetime.

Music Clinic Youth Clinic for Boys and Girls

CLIP AND MAIL Courses and Conferences TO:

Association of Utah School Counselors Director of Summer School

French Language Institute Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah

Conference on Middle and Later Years Please send me the following:

Reading Better and Faster Q Summer Session Catalog Housing information

Science for Secondary Students M Application for admission (new students only)

Application for readmission (former students previous to 1959)

OtherBrigham Young Name

AddressUNIVERSITY (Please Print) BY DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS. JR.

Dusty Planets

A review of the surface conditions on the nearest planets by Professor

E. Oepik discloses the following:

Our moon has practically no atmosphere and is covered by a dust on the slopes perhaps two inches thick and on the plains up to 20 or 40 inches thick, composed mostly of micrometeoric material. There are

only a few small craters from extinct volcanos, the rest are from huge meteoric bodies. Mars has about

30 percent as much gas in its atmosphere as does the earth with considerable haze due to smoke or fine dust. The Martian temperature

fluctuates between—60 F. at night

and +90 F. in the dark areas which

are supposed to be covered with There is a difference in saltine crackers carbon are bothvegetation. There

it. on...and new PURITY SUPREME SALTINES prove vapor a little waterdioxide and

Mars. Venus'atmosphere has more They're thinner, crisper, fresher than ever before...

gas than the earth but about 40 percent carbon dioxide, practically with an ovenfresh goodness that goes naturally with no oxygen, and your favorite soup, chili and snack foods.

very little water vapor. A thick

dust fills the atNew PURITY SUPREME SALTINES are mosphere to a depth of about 20 featured at your grocer's now, in the sparkling new miles under which package with the red Supreme diamond. The the temperature

seems to be about Supreme diamond denotes the difference... Supreme

500 F. quality.

Gray Hair and Feathers

It has been found that a diet deficient in the aminoacid lvsine leads SUPREME BAKERS to graying of hair in rats and a simiPURITY BISCUIT CO., SALT LAKE CITY

lar depigmentation of the feathersin turkey poults. It seems that the BOWMAN BISCUIT CO., DENVER SUPREME

lysine plays a role in the synthesis of the darkcolored melanin in both Divisions of United Biscuit Co. of America

cases.

MARCH 1961 129 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

:..,..:., Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for March 1961 Volume 64* Number 3

Church Features

Editor's Page: Aspirations of Men, President David O. McKay 142

Your Question: The Wearing of the Cross, President Joseph Fielding Smith.. 144

The Church Moves On, 140; Melchizedek Priesthood, Its Nature, Source, and History, 186;

Presiding Bishopric's Page, 188.

Special Features

ART AND PHOTO CREDITS The Old Sow, Marshall H. Bell 145 Photographs

The Lord's House at Kirtland, Albert L. Zobell, Jr.... 146 H. Armstrong Roherts, 165, 188, 190

Ernst Wittke, 161 Wildcats, Sterling W. Sill 148 Max Tharpe, 163

What about Your Starting Habits? Esther Freshman 151 Art

Mass Communication and Truth, M. Dallas Burnett 156 SiegfriedEra Staff, Widmar,132, 146,129,148, 156,149, 157,164, 200190

Sargent, 151, 163Money of the Mountains, Earl Hanson 158 DougVirginiaHarrisonJohnson, 145 Groutage, 152, 154

Symptoms of Need for Spiritual Guidance, Alda F. Gardner 160 JonDale Anderson,Bryner, 168165

Wandering in Strange Roads, Marion D. Hanks 162 Church Information Service, 142

THE ERA OF YOUTH Between pages 164 and 165

How Do You Figure? Genevieve Van Wagenen 165

Humble Heroes, Olive W. Burt 166

The Importance of Letters, H. C. Lake 168

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 172, 176

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 129; These Times: National Goals and Traditional Values in American Life, G. Homer Durham, 132; Letters and Reports, 138.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Now We Are Two Again 190 The Last Word 200 THE COVER:

This photograph, by Wayne Davis, entitled

Early Dwelling,"Day must be lookedStories, Poetry at the heart by as well as the eye.

locale is The St. Johns, Arizona. This

has town an interesting history; it was Bennett Back, Stephen 152 RoadThe begun by Solomon and Morris Barth

and some settlers Mexican in six 1873;.',Poetry later years 164, 178, 180, 195, 197 Elder Amnion M. Tenney,

a prominent missionary LDS to the

Indians, following instructions from Elder

Wilford of Woodruff the of Council the Twelve, purchased squatters'rights to a large tract of in land St. Johns

vicinity and from the Barth brothers.

area, The intended to a be for home missionaries, was bartered forThe Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, 11, Utah these with of head 770 American cows from three to seven years old. Brother

William Flake, Editors; Editor; Evans, L, C. Editor; Associate Managing Josephson, Green, Richard and O. L. Zobell, Managing Doyle of Snowflake, Albert Marba David lent

Editorial McKayEditor; Patricia Kinnear,L. Stephan, Middleton, Grant, G. Carter Judith Research Today's Florence FamilyJr., John headJ. of 100 stock to assist in the

Editor; Associate Era Youth Editor; Youth Era Editor; Hanks, Elaine Art Directors. D. Cannon, The E.The of of Reynolds Maryon,B. Pinnock, Marion RalphAssociates; and Ed project, and the Church supplied

S. B. Harris, Nibley, Editors. G. Franklin Archibald Contributing Sperry, Sidney F. Bennett, Hugh Jr., Durham, Homer rest. the

JosephThayerT.Evans,Bentley,RegionalGeneralAdvertisingManager; Representative.Bertha S. Reeder, Associate General Manager; Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription Director; Thisand happyphotograph"EarlydetailsDay Dwelling"the humble

Funds, Copyright 1961 by Mutual reserved. price Subscription $3.00 aInc.,year,andin advance;publishedforeignby thesubscriptions,Mutual Improvement$3.50 a year,Associationsin advance;of the50c Churchsingle copy,of JesusexceptChristfor ofspecialLatterdayissues.Saints. All rights of St. Johns.

Entered of Octoberat 1917,the PostauthorizedOffice, JulySalt 2,Lake1918.City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. Act

Trie Era Improvement a word and must be accompaniedis not responsibleby sufficientfor unsolicitedpostage formanuscriptsdelivery andbut return.welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of lC

days'notice Thirty cannot changes be madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof address.as well as Whenthe neworderingone is included,a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Coverby DeseretlithographedNews Press.in full color

130 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IGiarcnaiblsJIrJlcilBTGTraTEgglaiiaigigl

Here is a treasure your family, class or study group will thrill to own... at a price

you can afford...

50 completely new HiFidelity 331/3 L.P. records of

in a magnificent 2-volume, caseenclosed album together with reprints and legend in booklet form of Arnold Friberg's stirring Book of Mormon paintings... all for the truly low price

with ringing sincerity by two of our finest Voices Narratedalternating. Priced as low as possible to bring to as many as... pleasingly

possible the priceless joy of hearing every word of this inspired text... exactly

as translated from golden plates inscribed by Nephite historians of Ancient

America.

A new depth of understanding of the eternal truths and spiritual values of this great work will come to you and your children or class group as you listen to the living sound of the Book of Mormon.

Mail coupon or phone... today!

Deseret Book Company, 44 E. South Temple, Salt Lake City 1, Utah

Please send me set(s) of your album of 50 HiFi 111 Produced and distributed exclusively by L. P. Records, plus Booklet, of "The Book of Mormon in living sound".

I will pay $49.95 per set (plus $1.60 postage in U.S.), as follows:

Deseret Book Company Check or Money Order for full amount enclosed.

Down Payment by Check or Q Money Order enclosed.

44 E. South Temple, Salt Lake City Charge my account, please. AMOUNT ENCLOSED!

2472 Washington Blvd, Ogden, Utah My Name

My Address.

City. Zone. State.

(Residents of Utah include 2z% sales tax)JSlsTeirciTafcilGTslEng

Those Times

quality copper printing plates color process or black & white

National Goals and Traditional

Values in American Life BY G. HOMER DURHAM

PRESIDENT, ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY AT TEMPE

ICALL COLLECT RICHMOND 92396 IVV-H—R@SE ENGRAVING COMPANY

or write 1242 Santee St., Los Angel es 15, Calif. During his administration as Presi- "The paramount goal of the United

dent of the United States, Dwight States was set long ago. It is to

D. Eisenhower appointed a Comguard the rights of the individual,

mission on National Goals. On to insure his development, and to

November 16, 1960, the commission enlarge his opportunity. It is set

Get worlds transmitted its report to Mr. Eisenforth in the Declaration of Indehower which has been published in pendence drafted by Thomas Jefferthe Continental of hot water book form under the title, Goals for son and adopted by "

of Congress July 4, 1776 further It speaks of the preserva- 3 times as fast Americans, by PrenticeHall. It

has also been printed by the Amerition and enlargement of "our own with a can Assembly at Columbia Uniliberties,"meeting "a deadly menversity under the title, The Report ace,"and extending "the area of 'QUICK RECOVERY"of the President's Commission on freedom throughout the world."

National Goals. The commission These are stated as "high and diffiwas headed by Henry W. Wriston cult goals."

as chairman (past president of "At the same time,"the report ELECTRIC Brown University). Other members continues, "the United States canincluded Frank Pace, Jr., chairman not attain its goals alone.... We

of the board of General Dvnamics must lead, in a spirit of genuine

Corporation; Erwin D. Canham, partnership. Together, the free WATER editorin-chief of Christian Science peoples of the world can develop

Monitor; James B. Conant; Colgate unmatched strength and vindicate

W. Darden, Jr., former president of the mighty vision of the DeclaraHEATER the University of Virginia- C. H. tion."

Greenewalt, president of DuPont; About a year earlier, the United

General Alfred B. Gruenther; Judge States National Commission for

Learned Hand; Clark Kerr, presiUNESCO, composed of one hundent of the University of California; dred American leaders in educationJames R. Killian, Jr., chairman of al, scientific, and cultural fields

a&BVi rf*?S the Corporation of MIT; and George appointed by the Secretary of State,

Meany, president of AFLCIO. released a study written by ProfesThe commission introduces its resor Ralph Henry Gabriel entitled

port with the following words: Traditional Values in American Life.

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

132 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Thayer D. Evans and the Evans Quartet practicing in the Sons of the Utah Pioneers'Museum.

Postum is the natural wholegrain drink that warms the heart

Have a cup of friendship... have a cup of Postum. So many "JPNcTsfcif iw

talented people do. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals,

slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor. It's hearty,

healthful, hospitable.

Postum is 100% coffeefree, contains no caffein or other artificial stimulants. Ready in an instant, it's always welcome.

Make sure you always have Postum on hand.

100% coffeefree Another fine product of General Foods

MARCH 1961 133. )

. to Lose Weight This publication was a result of aHow

special project assigned by the Commission to a special committee of comthe national of twelve membersand Save Money! planned specifically mission. It was

Dietaries don't fortableusediscussionsin a proposedto beseriesheldofconcurround have to be expensive! rentlyStates. inTheIndiaIndianandNationalthe UnitedComits

Not when you use. missioncounterpaperfor UNESCOentitled producedTraditional

Values in Modern Life in India. BQflB In discussing the traditions fromThe pleasant... which American values have come, A Professor Gabriel writes: L the safe... M E "The ancient Middle East gave to

the economical way thefrom Westwhich a camemonotheistictwo formulationsreligion to reduce or to control your weight! of(includingbasic importanceAmerican) forthought."Western

He lists these two basic formulaSURE MEAL costs up to 40% LESS Set your own weight goal! tions as follows:

"1. of importance the The idea of a day meal dietaries! one If you Use advertised other SURE MEAL than of in the eyes soul individual the meals; regular low calorie can afford two and to eat, you afford can God.

SURE MEAL because 240 SURE two meals of SURE MEAL a day "2. The idea that Deity not only

. approves righteous behavior but has MEAL servings, ordered at once, and one regular low calorie meal..

cost less than 194 per serving! Just or use SURE MEAL for your entire laid down a moral law to govern recompare this low, low cost with any diet lor a short time. When you have lations of men in society."

other product of its kind! reached your desired weight, you These two basic fundamentals

the "from currents with joined to continue want MEAL were SURE may clasart of and philosophy, science, is dietary original the MEAL SURE properly supplying of a of as means of the law with together sical Greece,

It's popular. been very type the now assistance for nutrition and balanced lists five Gabriel Professor Rome."

. es-. an years. four the market on this regard: in youthful attributes a trim and in maintaining ideas and

tablished product used with success figure. "1. A speculative philosophy that

by thousands of overweight persons! deals with the nature of man and

Quick nutritional pickup! with the larger reality of which he

SURE MEAL is safe! Not a fad... Try SURE MEAL on those "skipis a part.

but a food! A complete food, scienlunch'"davs at the office or home. "2. The idea that knowledge has

tifically formulated under close SURE MEAL is easy to mix with a value in itself and that science is medical supervision in an accredited skim milk, whole milk or powdered an instrument for making the forces

West Coast laboratory. SURE MEAL milk. It tastes delicious and provides of nature useful to man.

ordered uniof an idea "3. The contains everv essential nutritional you with all the necessary nutrition society. ordered verse and an

element the human system requires needed to keep going at peak ef- "4. The idea of natural law emin a low calorie diet! So, as you use ficiency level! bodying the principles of justice that

SURE MEAL (in place of one or two transcends the capricious wills of regular meals) to cut down on your IMPORTANT: The manumen and of their rulers.

dailv caloric intake, you retain that facturers of SURE MEAL urge "5. The idea of art as the exbuovant vigor and exuberant feeling any person about to undertake pression of traditions, secular and reof good health that comes ONLY a weight control program to conligious, together with the aspirations

life human tragedy of the through proper nutrition! sult a physician for guidance. and forms disciplined emphathrough

Not vet available in grocery or drug store. Mail or phone orders delivered mony."sizing order, proportion, and harimmediately. Use the Handy coupon below and sendfor SlJRK MEAL today: The Eisenhower Commission on

National Goals expresses its humanDon Lyman & Associates For free delivery telephone EM 3-9674 istic concerns in terms of the status 1087 E. 9th South Check desired flavor: of the individual, the elimination of

the prejudice, racial City 5, Utah religious Salt and Lake Chocolate Defatted Vanilla Q arts, the education, of advance Butterscotch Maple Bland following the rush Please fj [J imthe growth, science, economic in selling interested MEAL SURE be of I may quantites SURE MEAL: welfare, health, and of provement

20Meal Size $4.75 My name, ( Continued on page 176

40Meal Size 9.00 My address

240Meal Size (case) 45.00 City,. Zone State

134 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA iALED-W FLAVOR 4 ft TE*|AN WjATER ONLY SECONDS TO PREPARE - NO WASTE.

HIGH FOOD VALUE - FRESH FLAVOR.

COSTS NO MORE THAN FRESH POTATOES.

AN IDEAL STORAGE ITEM

84 Generous Servings Per Can 6 No. 10 Cans Per Case

NO INDIVIDUAL

REFRIGERATION NECESSARY GROUP OR INSTITUTIONAL BUYING

Phone z*tfOTBO CR 7-6387 Salt Lake City, Utah SLICES JXCELLENT FOR SALAD - CASSEROLE - HASH BROWNS or write

Box 144 Murray, Utah IDAHO FRESH - PAK POTATOES INC.

Box 302, Lewisville, Idaho, Phone SK 4-6691

MARCH 1961 135 The spacious, new headquarters housing executive offices and recording studios of the Columbia

Research Group, located at 3600

Market Street in the Granger area of Greater Salt Lake City.

4ftpfe **s*k|ei -......

Columbia Research Group invites you to join...

LDS RECORD CLUB

Here is a new dimension in the presentation of the You order only what you want, when you want written heritage sacred to all LDS families. The it! (No minimum orders required to maintain

LDS RECORD CLUB will present not only the standard membership.)

works of the Church and dramatized stories, but Premium coupons given with every purchase tothe best of inspirational literature and truly good ward future releases. (Plan your buying from

entertainment... works available on record noour advance lists... to members only.)

where else.

Listeners of all ages will find new meaning and inspiration through these Hifidelity recordings. As

teaching aids, missionary tools, or simply for your RECORDS AVAILABLE SOON!

uplifting entertainment, the offerings of the LDS *"The Joseph Smith Story"RECORD CLUB will be permanent treasures.

"The Brigham Young Story"

"Pearl of Great Price"LDS RECORD CLUB MEANS... "Doctrine and Covenants"

Finest recorded works of special interest to LDS "New Testament"members. (All standard works will be offered!)

"Old Testament"Liberal Bonuses to LDS RECORD CLUB members.

and many others. (Gift recordings, first opportunities, exclusive...

orivileges) (Blind and nearblind register free with bishop's signature)

MAIL THIS COUPON TODAY

Columbia Research G roup—3600 Market St., S.L.C. 4, Utah

Your enclosed $1.00 registration

fee will bring you "A Voice From EnclosedRECORD CLUB.is my $1.00. Please enroll me as a mem ber of the LDS

The Dust"—recorded excerpts

from the Book of Mormon. (See

opp. page.) Address

*See ad in March Relief Society Magazine. 1 City.. State.....

136 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA * GOLD PLATE EDITION

on records OOK OF MORMON 33V3 rpm—35 records—two volumes (unabridged)

FEEL the divine inspiration of the Prophet

Joseph Smith as he receives the sacred plates of "The Record"from the hand of Hi % the angel at the Hill Cumorah.

'0 LOOK with him, through the shining crystal of the "translators,"the Urim and 2 Thummim, as the holy scriptures are revealed.

o J'-fti J% HEAR the very words he spoke as he li ihteJ translated from the plates, page by page, bringing to the world the tale of ancient n days and the promise of God's new 11 covenant. %

*Special unbreakable t gold vinyl pressing by KNOW the joy and fulfillment in

Capitol Records, Inc., UNDERSTANDING the message of the Division, Custom

Hollywood, California. scriptures through the LIVING WORD, in

this beautifully recorded gold plate

edition.

Our Satisfied Customers Say—COLUMBIA RESEARCH GROUP

"Most wonderful producton!"presents the largest album ever recorded, the unabridged Book of

—Mrs. J. A. Mormon. Members of the LDS RECORD CLUB receive their first

"Keep up the good work!"valuable coupon toward obtaining future releases as premiums,

—Mr. E. B. upon receipt of their order for the Book of Mormon. There are three

"Beautifully done!"—Mr. W. B. methods of ordering for your convenience. Here they are:

"Wonderful, a marvelous voice!"

—Mr. J. F. (ORDER FORM)

ever done. things the best of "One

is for $69.90. Please send, postpaid, the complete 2 part record Enclosed check my coming!"I works standard hope

of the of Book | | album Mormon.

E. C.—Mr.

I will send the balance "Perfect for our study group."—E. C. Q theEnclosedcompleteis my2 checkpart recordfor $37.84album(includesof the Book2.89 ofpostageMormon.and handling). Please send

"Easy to understand!"—I. J. of $34.95 in 60 days.

"Great for family nights!"—R. S. I I paymentI agree toforpurchasewhich theI receiveentire the35 recordalbum albumand firstfor threethe followingrecords. terms:I will $9.90continuedownto

"Uplifting instead of usual—G.trash!"W. payBalance$5.75of perrecordsmonthwill andbe receivedI will receivewith thetwo12threcordsand finaleach payment.month for (Residents12 months.of

"Will he a great blessing in our Utah, add $1.75 sales tax to above prices.)

home!"—W. J.

MARCH 1961 137 coilspring comfort... plus the

privacy of Letters individual seating

iiiiiiii and These chairs combine the traditional dignity of wood and the modern comfort of a deluxe coilspring seat, provide additional luxury in the private, individual styling of Reports each unit. Seating may be tailored

to decorthrough the wide selection of dignified colors and durable fabrics. A catalog showing the complete HeywoodWakefield line of

seating and the quality features is yours for the asking. Write for

yours today.

FINE ACHIEVEMENT FOR MIA MAID CLASS

The girls in the picture above comprise the Mia Maid class of the Naples Ward,

Uintah ( Utah ) Stake. Every one of the girls received her individual award with an

average attendance at all Church meetings of 96.4 percent. The girls are (from left to

right) Annette Goodrich, Lennette Gotfredson, Cheryl McLean, DeeAnn Richardson,

Joan Harrison, Estel Manwaring, LaRue Smuin, Glenda Knight, Leri Dawn Gee, Sandra

Merrell, Nila Kay Southam, and Connie Cook.

HEYWOOD. WAKEFIELD. MENOMINEE, MICH. for the branch's 312 members. They took

part in a similar project in building a chapel in Tampa, Florida.

Other Air Force personnel who conBOOK OF MORMON TOUR tributed to the Peru chapel building project are First Lieutenant John Skidmore

DAVE WELLING TRAVEL and family, A2C Dale McCann, A1C Einer

Fritz, and A3C Gerald Johnson.

presents CORRECTION 3 -THREE -3 Clearfield, Utah Dear Editor:

Wonderful Book of Mormon Tours On the page listed "Last Word"in your

TO MEXICO, YUCATAN aDecemberman shouldissue,rememberI quote,that"Towebearea humanfriend,

AND GUATEMALA magnets, that like attracts like; and that

14 Days—All Expense what we give, we get."

It might interest you to know, as far

Book the what See like, repels like that as goes, a magnet people of Mormon attracts for unlike. unlike goes same The

... built;:, 1 sw electrical nature. of an anything

JUNE 4th SERVICEMEN ASSIST IN CHAPEL Better watch it.

to JUNE 18th BUILDING Respectfully,

R. Chester Ashby escorted personally

literin of the being Typical work done H. Dr. Leland by

of ally the by building to Brother kingdom Editor's note: up God Ashby Thanks Monson, who

their Saint Latterday servicemen and in this for case. the "Last having Word"authority on isthean assistance Air families given is the Force by of Mormon. Book

in project in building personnel a chapel PRAISED ERA OF YOUTH

Dr. Leland H. Monson Peru, Indiana.

a B. Terry, Elder (Colonel) Wendell New Zealand Mission

pilot stratojet in the 305th Nov. 5th to B-47 Bomb Dear Editors:

Nov. 19th, 1961 Wing's 365th Bomb Squadron at Bunker We are all saying how much we enjoy

Feb. 6th to Hill Air Force Base, along with his wife the "new look"in the Improvement Era

Feb. 20th, 1962 Beverly and four children, are representaand especially the new youth section. The

Personally escorted tivecontributedof BunkertowardHill buildingpersonnel a who$250,000have missionarieslook forwardalsoto greatlyreceivingappreciatetheir copies.and

by David M. Welling chapel in the Peru Branch, Great Lakes Thank you for all that you do for us and

Mission. may the Lord bless you always in your

Make Your Elder Terry is the Peru Branch YMMIA work for him.

David M. Welling Arrangements Now! superintendentteacher and branchand isteachinga Sundaysupervisor.School ElderSincerelyDennisyourF.brother,Reynolds

The Terry family spend every Saturday New Zealand Mission Era afternoon working on the new edifice Director DAVE TRAVELWELLINGSERVICE

HOTEL BEN LOMOND, OGDEN, UTAH EXport 4-2667

138 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PUT YOUR HANDS ON THEDIFFERENCE IN CRAWLER TRACTORS &Try this new speed... action... and traction. # Get the feel of a ceramic master clutch—AllisAllis-Chalmers crawler tractors give you more track Chalmers style!

on the ground, "nosedown"stability, better flotation, # Save both time and grease... no daily lube

and a much smoother ride. servicing!—tracks have certified PERMASAFE

# Sail into the job any time with the quick conveniLubrication.

ence of direct, 24 volt electric starting. # Push your heaviest work with the hightorque

Look at "beef"where it counts—in main frame AllisChalmers engine—"wetsleeve"cool and preand truck frames—unequalled toughness and balance. cisionbearing smooth.

0fSH

NEW...

compact crawler power Allnew—comes the compact H-3 43 engine hp*

gasoline or HD-3 40 engine hp* diesel with the typical ruggedness of AllisChalmers crawler tractor design plus new compactness for close quarters like orchards and vineyards. Toughness for heaviest farm work. Flotation for soft footing shuttle

clutch is standard equipment. Power Director is

available.

You can select from a complete matched line of

AllisChalmers mounted toolbar tools plus offset disc harrows. Also bulldozer blade and loader.

'. -.*, '#"'manujacturer? estimated rating.

.*:.-**.. "* '-

Ask your dealer about the AllisChalmers plan to finance your time purchase of farm equipment.

AUISCHAIMERS, FARM EQUIPMENT DIVISION, MILWAUKEE 1, WISCONSIN

Get the dollarmaking difference with ALLISCHALMERS

MARCH 1961 139 The Church

Second annualLDS Youth Tour Moves to EUROPE in June Lifelong memories of hisfun-filledtoric places—34 cultural January 1961days. A wonderful

and educational experience!

For young people over 15, directed It was announced that an exploratory tunnel is now being by KENNETH SHEFFIELD OF driven into the mountain near the old Salt Lake Temple

THE MIA GENERAL BOARD. granite quarries in Little Cottonwood Canyon, southeast of

Branches, and Visit Temples LDS in foot tunnel hundred seven of the purpose Salt City. The Lake Jet all storied landmarks. and granite of the formacontinuity the is to check mountainside the travel through travel both theways—bus underto provide adequate project be All tion. would countries. The longrange 14 western European

expense tour from Salt Lake. Write ground facilities for microfilm and valuable documents for

or phone for complete details. protection against disaster.

Reservations limited. Apply early.

KOBBINS Itprogramwas announcedhad beenthatformedtwo newin southernregions ofCalifornia—thethe Church welfareEast

X R. A "V E Los Angeles and the San Diego regions.

UlM/tafatUil The Los Angeles Region gave up the East Los Angeles, Pasa14 South Main Salt Lake City dena, Whittier, Norwalk, East Long Beach, and Long Beach stakes

Phone EL 5-4651 to form the new East Los Angeles Region.

The San Diego Region takes the San Diego, San Diego East,

Palomar, and Yuma stakes from the Southern California Region.

WHY LEAVE YOUR FAMILY The Southern California Region received the Covina and West

Covina stakes from the Los Angeles region and retains the Mt.

stakes. Bernardino Santa San and Ana, County, Rubidoux, Orange TO HEALTH LUCK?

will the Santa Angeles, Los keep Angeles Region The Los your Stone grind flour a few hours rolls bread before and baking South Los Angeles, Inglewood, Redondo, and Huntington Monica, to get more... inexpensive an way

stakes. diet. Park Vitamins nutrition into your

lost oxidation are by Eat pure days. wheat inprocesseda matter byof There is a fifth welfare region in the area, San Fernando.

you! Avoid chemical additives.

INVEST IN A i Craig (Colorado) Stake was organized from parts of LEE HOUSEHOLD? Grand Junction Stake, Uintah Stake, and the Western States

Mission, with Elder Loyal B. Cook, currently serving as

FLOUR MILL president of Grand Junction Stake, sustained as president of Craig

Automatic Stake. His counselors are Elders Lewis R. Livingston and Elmer

Portable O. Bair. Craig Stake is made up of Craig and Glenwood Springs

Electric Economical wards (from Grand Junction Stake) and Rangely Ward (from

Order today! Uintah Stake); Meeker and Rifle branches (from Grand Junction

Choice of 4 Stake) and Steamboat Springs Branch from the Western States mills. Write Mission. Elder Lark L. Washburn was sustained as president of prices! for

Save on introGrand Junction Stake succeeding President Cook. New counselors flour ductory

offer. Send are Elders Edwin S. Lamm and Read L. Black who succeed Elder

coupon with Rolla B. Greenhalgh and Elder Lamm. Wards remaining in Grand check or

order money pkg., Junction Stake are the three wards in Grand Junction and Delta for 5-lb.

stone ground and Fruita wards; and Naturita Ward (elevated from a branch of

day shipped. the Western States Mission); branches are Montrose and Peonia,

LEE ENGINEERING CO. together with two branches transferred from the mission field,

Milwaukee 1. Wis. Gunnison and Paradox. Craig Stake begins with a membership

Lee Engineering Company, Dept. IE-3-61 of approximately 1,500; it is the 320th stake now functioning; Grand

2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee 1, Wis. Junction now has a membership of approximately 2,900. These

.... Deaf Smith Flour, 5-lb. pkg. ppd. Only $1.50 organizations were effected by Elder Delbert L. Stapley of the

.... Wis. Minn. Flour, 5-lb. pkg. ppd. Only $1.00 Council of the Twelve and by Elder Nathan E. Tanner, Assistant to

Name the Council of the Twelve.

Street

City. State.

140 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA On UNION PACIFIC,

people...and things...travel like kings!

...... relaxation Smart, complete modern accommodations Wi - 1119iH KIWB ISiftlM... BHHInlwB lJt delicious food, graciously served views and panoramic

of the passing countryside—all are yours when you travel

Union Pacific Domeliner. Peace of mind too, with no

worries, weather and family fares to save you money. Let ENJOY M TRIDI us tell you more!

it goes... wherever be sure can... you

specify Pacific. U.P. FREIGHT thatWhateverit is inyougoodship hands when you Union

The newest modern equipment, the smoothest roadbed, and the experience of nearly a century combine to assure

CLASS, TOO! delivery of your shipment on time and in prime condition.

Next time you travel—or if you're a shipper

please give us a call. We're here to serve you.

UNION PACIFIC 3w Serving the expanding West for nearly a century

MARCH 1961 141 AfgM

Aspirations

BY PRESIDENT

I invite your attention briefly to aspirations. Aspiration means "a desiring ardently; a strong wish, a

longing for the realization of high ideals."

Just by way of emphasis, let us consider men as grouped into three classes:

( 1 ) The infusorian class into which fall the listless, drifting men. Down among the lowest types of living

creatures, there is a little animal that moves about aimlessly. It "swims randomly about, moving apparently by flailing stimuli in its medium; and in its course

it comes now in contact with some nutritive substance which it absorbs, and now into the neighborhood of some creature by which it is swallowed and digested.

Lacking those developed senses and motor powers which higher animals possess, ninetynine in the hundred of these minute animals seldom live but for a few hours, disappearing either by innutrition or by destruction."The infusorians enter upon life aimlessly, and ninetynine out of one hundred of these

animalculae perish in consequence.

(2) The firefly men. Higher in the scale of intelligence and moral uplift are those who may be classed

as the firefly men.

Often on a summer's evening, you have observed what we used to call the "lightning bug."These flying creatures seemed most active before a shower.

The light from each would shine but for an instant, then the thing would be absorbed in the darkness.

Another momentary flash, then blackness again!

Such is the firefly man with respect to the noble aspirations. He has luminous hours in which his soul

ardently desires to rise above all things mean and

EDITOR'S PAGE

of Men DAVID O, MCKAY

sordid and to bask in the realm of enlightenment and nothing, but a spiritual being, a soul. He realizes that

beauty. He would be valiant and courageous in dehe is more than a physical object that is tossed for a

fending virtue and the right under all circumstances. short time from bank to bank, only to be submerged

If he could only obtain strength and power, he would finally in the everflowing stream of life. There is

use them to help his fellow men and to make the something within him which urges him to rise above world better! But when a few hours later he assohimself, to control his environment, to master the

ciates with companions unfired by such noble ideals, body and all things physical, and to live in a higher the light of his aspirations fades, the fires of enthusiasm and more beautiful world.

die, and his soul is absorbed in the darkness of indifIf you would be happy, if you are to reach that ference and indulgence. aspiration of success in the distance, your first duty

Good intentions must be carefully cherished or they is to be true to yourself—loyal to the best that is in

will soon perish. However, it is better to have hoped you, not to the basest. Begin life with a purpose, and

and yearned for better things, and had the hopes let that purpose be a noble one. Loyalty is one of the

fade, than never to have yearned at all. The flicker noblest attributes of the soul. It means being faithful

at least shows the presence of a light that might be and true; it means fidelity to duty, fidelity to love,

fanned into a constant flame. That is better than fidelity to a cause or a principle.

damp driftwood from which will come no spark. It is not easy to be true to self, but I do not hesitate

(3) The conifer men. Then there is the third group to say that a man, the offspring of Deity with the gift

which I call the conifer men. In using this term, I have of free agency, can control his mind, can choose what

in mind not just the ordinary conebearing tree of seems the best, no matter how attractive the opposite the conifer group, but particularly the Giant Sequoia. force may be. There is a crying need today to have

It grows from two hundred to three hundred and this truth heralded throughout the land, that youth forty feet in height. The diameter is ordinarily ten especially may appreciate and hold the freedom of

to fifteen feet, and sometimes reaches twentyfive to the individual sacred as did our Revolutionary fathers.

thirtyfive feet! One tree in the Sequoia National Finally, loyalty to God and to your fellow men: If

Park, the General Sherman, is estimated to be thirtyyou would attain that faroff goal successfully, you five hundred years old. Millions of men have lived will keep in mind the fact that God rules in the uniand died during that tree's lifetime. It has withstood verse, and you will pay him proper reverence. Express

lightning, floods, fire, and still lives on! It has surto him gratitude for this glorious world and for your

vived because it has within it the powers of resistance. life in it. Invoke his guidance and help in whatever

The conifer man senses the fact that man is not a you undertake to do. Reach out to him and you will

mere animal, a creature of the flesh which profiteth find his help and guiding influence.

MARCH 1961 143

YOUR QUESTION

THE WEARING OF THE CROSS

ANSWERED BY

PRESIDENT JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Question:

"Having been reared in a Latterday Saint comThe use of the cross dates back to a very early munity, I have never had occasion to give serious time. Its early meaning is somewhat obscure. We

thought to this question of the wearing of the cross are informed that the Egyptians used it as a symbol until I moved to the mission field. representing life and fertility of crops. However the

"Many who join the Church who come from a Cathgeneral use throughout the Christian world comes olic or Protestant background while trying their utmost from the crucifixion of our Redeemer. This custom

to live the gospel, and rid themselves of past habits, of adoring the cross seems to have grown out of the unconsciously bring some of the customs of their purported vision given to Constantine when it is former environment with them. One of these is the stated that he saw a cross in the heavens and was told

wearing of the crucifix on a necklace, bracelet, or in that by it he was to conquer. From that time the use

some other form. of the cross as an object of reverence grew and, when

"The teachings of the Church of Jesus Christ of the rebellion against the Catholic Church commenced,

Latterday Saints seem to indicate that this is improper the adoration of the cross continued more or less because we do not hold any special reverence for the among the Protestant churches.

cross as such, nor do we have crosses in our chapels To many, like the writer, such a custom is repugnant or homes or wear a crucifix as jewelry. How may we and contrary to the true worship of our Redeemer.

uphold this belief, if my assumption is correct, through Why should we bow down before a cross or use it the study of the scriptures? Is there some statement as a symbol? Because our Savior died on the cross,

that might be given from the General Authorities of the wearing of crosses is to most Latterday Saints in the Church which woidd give me a clear understandvery poor taste and inconsistent to our worship. Of all

ing of this question?"the ways ever invented for taking life and the execuAnswer tion of individuals, among the most cruel is likely the

While we have never questioned the sincerity of cross. This was a favorite method among the Romans

Catholics and Protestants for wearing the cross, or who excelled in torture. We may be definitely sure

felt that they were doing something which was wrong, that if our Lord had been killed with a dagger or with it is a custom that has never appealed to members of a sword, it would have been very strange indeed if the Church. The motive for such a custom by those religious people of this day would have graced such

who are of other churches, we must conclude, is a a weapon by wearing it and adoring it because it was most sincere and sacred gesture. To them the cross by such a means that our Lord was put to death.

does not represent an emblem of torture but evidently A humble, contrite spirit and sincere prayer of carried the impression of sacrifice and suffering engratitude is a far better means of worship and acknowldured by the Son of God. However, to bow down edgement of our love for the great blessings we receive

before a cross or to look upon it as an emblem to be through our Savior's voluntary sacrifice than to adore revered because of the fact that our Savior died upon the cross. It is through the shedding of his blood that

a cross is repugnant to members of the Church of we gain the resurrection; and by our faithfulness,

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. exaltation in the kingdom of God.

144 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Shortly before the War of 1812, the United States Lawson, a veteran blacksmith, who later resided in government began using very effectively a "New the Sixteenth Ward of Salt Lake City. The gun was

Type"of cannon that fired a thirtypound ball about later shipped to Pisgah and from there to Nauvoo."

eight inches in diameter. The barrel about three (Des. News, July 22, 1931.)

feet long, was manufactured from a solid shaft of According to Wandle Mace's journal, page 121, on cast iron. After being bored, a small "touchhole"file in the Church Historian's Library, the old gun

was made in the gun for exploding the heavy charge had been discarded and had become exceedingly rusty of black powder that hurled the deadly missile with from lying in salt water over a long period of time.

disastrous fury against wooden fortresses and enemy Elder Mace states that there were four of these guns.

ships. One of these guns, now 150 years old, preSince he was a mechanic, "President Young called on

served among Mormon relics from the covered wagon me to fit these cannon [cannons] for action. He told

days, is now in the Church museum in the Bureau of me to take them into the basement of..."a certain

Information on the Temple block. It is house "... and rebore them—there were

labeled the "OLD SOW."four of them. Accordingly I called upon

This old gun, famous in the annals of two or three of the brethren to help me.

Utah history, has a unique and romantic We took them by night into the basebackground. When the War of 1812 ment, we whitewashed the windows to

prevent observation and went to work."ended, it occupied a position on a boat THE

at New Orleans, having been used to He writes that the cannons were soon check invasions during that war. Owing ready for use in case of an attack by

to new methods of warfare and new the mob forces that were preparing toequipment, the "Old Sow"became obOLD drive the Saints from the state of Illinois.

solete. (Journal, Wandle Mace, page 121, His-

"This particular gun was placed on torian's Library.)

the 'Green'at New Orleans, to be fired After President Brigham Young and SOW MARSHALL H. BELL most of the twenty thousand Saints ateach morning at sunrise and each eveBY

ning at sunset. After being thus used Nauvoo fled westward across Iowa

for a number of years, it was sold as during the late winter and summer scrap iron, and as such bought by James of 1846, (Continued on page 182)

march 1961 145

March 27, 1836March 27, 1961hardly two full the First Presidency and other leaders, January 21, lifespans in the human family! March 27 marks the the Prophet continued: "The heavens were opened

125th anniversary of the dedication of the Kirtland upon us, and I beheld the Celestial Kingdom of God

Temple—the first of the fourteen sacred edifices that and the glory thereof, whether in the body or out, I

have been built and dedicated by the Church. cannot tell. I saw the transcendent beauty of the gate

In the month of the building's centennial, March through which the heirs of the kingdom will enter, 1936, The Architectural Forum, in its "Master Detail which was like unto circling flames of fire; also the

Series,"held the Kirtland Temple to be one of the blazing throne of God, whereon was seated the Father fine examples of early American architecture. and the Son. I saw the beautiful streets of that kingAs early as December 27, 1832, the Lord commanded dom.... I also beheld that all children who die before

the Saints to "establish a house, even a house of they arrive at the years of accountability, are saved in prayer, a house of fasting, a house of faith, a house of the celestial kingdom of heaven."(D.H.C., Vol. II,

learning, a house of glory, a house of God."(See pp. 376381.)

D&C 88:119ff. ) Chastisement came seventeen months When all was in readiness for the dedication, the

later beqause this work had not been carried forward. Lord revealed the dedicatory prayer to the Prophet.

[Ibid., 95.) Within the week, on June 6, 1833, a con- (D&C 109.) This has become a prototype for the

ference of high priests convened at Kirtland, dedicatory prayers of the other temples dedicated in instructing the building committee for this House of this dispensation.

the Lord to proceed at once in obtaining material for The Prophet records that the Saints began asits construction. sembling at the temple at seven o'clock on the morning

This first temple was built during the extreme of the dedication, March 27, 1836, one hour before poverty of the Saints. The basic materials of stone, the doors were to be opened, and that two hours bewood, and plaster were all obtained within a twomile fore the session was to begin, the house was crowded

radius of the temple site. The Prophet Joseph was the with "nine or ten hundred"people. Sidney Rigdon,

foreman at the stone quarry. The stone walls were the Prophet Joseph, and others were the speakers. The

covered by a plaster mixture at the time. The temple Prophet was acknowledged as the prophet, seer, and

was completed in 1836. revelator of the Church, and the Presidency and the

The story has long been told how, as the building Twelve were also sustained as prophets, seers, and neared completion, the members brought their prized revelators. A special choir sang hymns, two of which

china and glassware to the site where it was broken are still familiar in our Church gatherings: "Now Let

up and mixed with the outside plaster. Us Rejoice,"and "The Spirit of God Like a Fire is

Burning."(D.H.C. 2:410426.)

Marvelous Events Preceding Dedication Dedicatory services were held in the morning, afterWhen the temple was nearing completion, the noon, and evening. Eliza R. Snow writes: "One

Prophet reports that on Sunday, January 17, 1836, striking feature of the ceremonies was the grand some marvelous events took place in the temple that shout of Hosanna, which was given by the whole day: "A large congregation assembled.... The Lord assembly, in standing position, with uplifted hands."

poured out his Spirit upon us... and the congregation She states that "it was three times repeated, with such

was soon overwhelmed in tears.... The gift of tongues power as seemed almost sufficient to raise the roof

came on us also, like the rushing of a mighty wind, from the building."(Andrew Jenson, Hist. Record,

and my soul was filled with the glory of God..."pp. 7980.)

A week later, telling about a special meeting with

Manifestations During Evening Service

BY ALBERT L. ZOBELL, JR. "Brother George A. Smith arose,"says the Prophet

RESEARCH EDITOR in the evening priesthood service, "and began to prophesy, when a noise was heard like the sound of a rushing mighty wind, which filled the temple, and all the congregation (Continued on page 182)at Kirtland

MAKCH 1961 147 TWO COllege girlS were living together in a dor- /Mp.

mitory. A brother while out hunting had shot a

wildcat. He gave the wildcat's fluffy, playful little

kitten to the girls who took it into their apartment as a pet. They fed it, cared for it, and had great delight

in playing with it. It soon became just like a member

of the family. But when you live very close to something every day, it is pretty difficult to see the changes

that may be taking place. As time went on, the girls

were only vaguely aware that this cute, fluffy, playful little kitten was growing up.

Then one night after school one of the girls went m\ to the apartment alone. Something had happened to

the wildcat that day that had aroused its hereditary instincts and touched off the destructive nature of the wild beast within it. The wildcat had ceased to be a

kitten and had become a wildcat with all of its natural ferocity and killer inclinations. The animal attacked

the frightened girl. In trying to protect herself she LEADERSHIP

overturned the telephone. The telephone operator DEVELOPMENT

heard her scream and sent nearby police to the rescue.

The police arrived in time to save the badly clawed girl and kill the wildcat that would have destroyed BY STERLING W. SILL

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE her.

In the full light of their "hindsight"the girls could see their mistake in allowing a wildcat to grow up in a monkey growing rapidly to gorilla proportions and their apartment. But the answer to every situation is frightfulness. No one suffers the unimaginable horrors

not always so clearly seen when viewed through the of dope addiction very long before finding out that more foggy perspective of foresight. The foresight the thing on his back is a good deal more dangerous

of these college girls had not indicated that there was than anything that might attack him out of the anything dangerous about this little kitten at the time jungle.

it had been adopted as a member of the family. But When one first adopts an evil, he may see only a

the girls did not make daily reappraisals of their situasmall, soft, fluffy unimportant bad habit; but bad

tion in the light of the changes that were taking place. habits, like baby wildcats, should be judged for their

At the time of the attack these girls were still carryunseen potential. Both have a way of growing up

ing the wildcat on their books as a kitten. Holding that must not be ignored. With just a little growth

on to their original appraisal had prevented them from every day, it will not be long before the slashing claws seeing the ferocious, deathdealing wild beast potential of a bad habit may be cutting its host to pieces.

developing in this harmless, furry, little kitten. Finally Some time ago a book was published entitled,

when the attack forced a reappraisal of the facts, it was I'll Cry Tomorrow, in which Lillian Roth tells her almost too late. life story. Miss Roth was a very successful and a very

But college girls are not the only ones who fail to wealthy actress who adopted a wildcat. When her

make regular readjustments to suit their changing fiance died unexpectedly at a very early age, she was circumstances. Neither are they the only ones that heartbroken. For weeks her sorrow preyed upon her

get mauled by wildcats. Many people have thought mind, giving her very little rest. Her nurse suggested

they were in the "kitten business"only to discover that taking a glass of brandy just before going to bed later that they had a ferocious pack of wildcats to might help her to sleep. That night after drinking the

deal with. brandy she had her first good night's rest in several

A recent movie told the story of an opium addict weeks. She was very grateful for the peace that the

who said he had a "monkev on his back."And it was brandy brought, and so she drank it again on subse148 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

quent nights and noticed no change taking place in her at the mercy of an influence that had almost completed relationship to it. her destruction—physically, socially, morally, and

Later on someone suggested to Miss Roth that maybe financially.

she was going too far and that she should put this But the wildcat of liquor is not the only wildcat.

growing evil out of her life. They cautioned her about There are many other kinds. They come in all colors,

the disadvantages of falling in love with a wildcat. shapes, and sizes. Smoking is a wildcat; gambling is a

But she was perfectly sure that she could handle herwildcat; lying is a wildcat; temper is a wildcat; sex

self in any situation. However, it was not long before may become one of the most vicious wildcats. Given

she began to hear the low, ominous growls of an a little latitude, any of these may rob us of everything, unfriendly wild animal. Then for the first time she even the ability to direct our own thoughts. Because

realized that she was no longer dealing with a soft, we almost always overrate our abilities to handle fluffy, harmless kitten. She had bound herself to a ourselves, we do not always think about this frightful

ferocious wild beast with vicious killer instincts. Imdanger seriously enough in advance.

mediately she tried to break away but found to her Frequently someone boasts, "I'll think as I please!"

horror that she was unable to discontinue this newly But last week I met a woman fortyfive years old who established relationship. Once she had owned a wildhad lost that ability and had just made an unsuccesscat, now a wildcat owned her. Her screams brought ful attempt to poison herself. This woman is a widow

no friendly policeman to the rescue. She was now with three small children. She has a master's degree

helpless, having even lost the power of her own will. and a fine teaching position. A few years ago she

The following years were like a bad nightmare. She started to overindulge in negative thinking. This grew

was married and divorced several times. Her movie into an attitude of feeling sorry for herself. She concontracts were cancelled; she lost her large fortune, tinued the practice until she is now unable to throw

her good name, her selfrespect, and almost every off these prolonged periods of mental depression. She

other worthwhile thing that she had previously poshas paid psychiatrists a good deal of money to get sessed. Without meaning to do so she had put herself this wild beast off her back, but to date little progress

MARCH 1961 149 has been made. She realizes what may happen to her to himself. He has lost his opportunity for financial

small children if her next suicide attempt is successsuccess. He has also lost his fine personality, his

ful. She has also considered what may happen if her enthusiasm, his ambition, his spirituality, and most of

mind is permanently deranged by her melancholia. his friends. The man he used to be and the man he

But she has lost the power "to think as she pleases."could have been were both clawed to death by the

When the Italian poet Dante was describing his destructive wild beasts which, when they were grown, imaginary trip through hell, he told of a situation that turned their full fury upon the very one who had frequently applies to us. One group of hell's inmates raised them.

had done wrong for so long that they had lost the There are other wildcats. Sloth is a wildcat; igability to do anything else. They said to Dante, "As norance is a wildcat; disloyalty is a wildcat. I suppose

our eyes intent on earthly things were never lifted up at one time the terrible sin which eventually overthrew to heaven, so now has justice fixed them down upon Judas Iscariot was small enough that it could have the ground. And even as greed destroyed our love been easily disposed of. The attitude that made Benefor good whereby the labors of our lives were lost, so dict Arnold betray his country also began as a small,

now doth justice hold us captive here fettered in close harmless kitten. A wildcat is no respecter of persons.

restraint."These unhappy prisoners of hell had fitted King David, who in his youth was called "a man after

themselves for the place from which they were now God's own heart,"allowed the wrong kind of thoughts unable to escape. Hell is a place prepared for those to involve him in two deadly sins.

who prepare for it. King Solomon raised some wildcats. Solomon was

We raise a wildcat dedicated to our destruction blessed with greater wisdom than anyone had ever when we assume an attitude of faultfinding and of had up to that time. He saw God twice. But he

undue criticism of those who preside over us. Among adopted a little wildcat called disobedience. He marother things, we then destroy their power to help us. ried out of his faith against the direct instruction of

Like so many other bad habits, this may seem harmless the Lord, "And the Lord was angry with Solomon, at first. But if we continue it, the habit will grow and because his heart was turned from the Lord God

may soon become a vicious wildcat, stealing our blessof Israel."(I Kings 11:9.) Solomon lost his kingdom,

ings and replacing them with apostasy and damnation. his leadership, and his God. He died an idolator,

Our leadership may also mother some baby wildbecause even with all of his wisdom he did not undercats. In 1926 I knew a man whom I then judged to stand the significance behind the idea of a growing

be one of the finest prospects for an outstanding wildcat, nor did he correct the gradual changes as

Church leader that I have ever known. But when he they were taking place in his attitude toward God.

became fairly successful in his business, he began to Alexander Pope has warned us as follows:

lose interest in almost everything except himself. He

became foolishly overconfident in his temporary suc- "Vice is a monster of such frightful mien, cess. He began to let up on the performance of his As to be hated needs but to be seen;

Church duties. He reduced his financial contribuYet seen too oft, familiar with her face,

tions. He increased his selfmade allotment of unWe first endure, then pity, then embrace."

authorized privileges. He began stumbling over his—An Essay on Man, II, 1732

newly found importance. He had a fine mind, a good

personality, and an excellent education, but he became One of the missionaries, who served me as an ideal intolerant. If other people made mistakes, he jerked during my missionary days, was a man of great spiritual

them up on a very short rein. power. When he came home, he took in a wildcat

Without even knowing what was happening he was with his profession. He allowed the practice of medigathering around him a whole pack of young, fastcine to serve as an excuse for inactivity in the Church.

growing wildcats. One of these might have been He gradually increased the number of his outof-

labeled worldliness, one selfimportance, one imbounds privileges until at the time of his early death patience, one criticism, one intolerance. Every day he he had completely separated himself from the Church.

strengthened them by his indulgence. In the next When he had started down the wrong road, he hadn't

few years he had some experiences similar to those of the slightest intention of ever arriving at the dreadful

Lillian Roth. He not only left the Church, but his destination where death found him. But just because

unruly attitudes had also destroyed his value to his a kitten is little, soft, and harmless today does not mean employers, and so he lost his prized importance even that it will be little, (Continued on page 183)

150 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ESTHER FRESHMAN ASKS:

What about your starting habits?

NOT JUST IN DRIVING A CAR OF COURSE...

Stephen Garrett, junior executive in a large and enterimportant and successful personnel director. She

prising firm, felt that he had never undertaken a cultivated a starting habit that she kept a secret for greater responsibility than this outof-theoffice task a long time. Then, finally, she realized that if this

before him. His young son Steve had the crisp, imwere known and used by all the personnel in her

portant paper safely in his pocket—beginner's license. charge, it would multiply itself a thousandfold and

It entitled him to drive a car if one of his parents plus. It is the starting habit of asking for a blessing.

accompanied him. Each morning as she enters the immense office build-

"Dad, from those school classes and watching you, ing in which she spends long hours each day, she asks

I'm sure I can drive alone right now! I don't think the Lord's blessings on herself and all the office peryou'll have to teach me too much more. Well—you sonnel. Once in her own office, she asks the Lord

know what I mean."to bless those supervisors giving her orders and the

"Probably you do know how to drive, Son, but many under her direction to whom she must relegate before we turn you loose on the road, there might tasks. The investment of a few quiet moments has

be a couple of things we could well review. Let's made her working day harmonious and orderly, seemjust do them in theory for a moment. What do you ingly equipped with more useful hours. It has made

believe is the first important rule in starting the car?"her relations with her superiors excellent as proved

"Aw, Dad! Turning on the ignition, of course!"by her increasing responsibilities and salary. It has

"No, Steve. I can think of a more important made her beloved by those who work under her

matter before that. Never start your car without supervision.

asking your Father in heaven to help you guide your A friend, Dr. L—gives this advice. He says:

wheel, as well as the wheels of your fellow drivers. "The right starting habits make the perfect day.

Ask the Lord to bless your fellow motorists on the The day that starts with God is going to follow his road and the pedestrians. And ask the Lord to bless pattern of order. It is going to be blessed with his

you in obeying the laws that help and protect you, love. It will have its challenges, for challenge is an

and the police who carry them out. These are the important ingredient in the soil of life. It is essential

best rules by which to start and to drive your car for growth. But with God the challenge is never a

that I can pass on to you. I hope you make constant defeat. It is an opportunity. It is an invitation to

use of them."success."

A prayer made before the turning of the ignition I know a story about a rabbit. Rabbit stories are

key isn't the only starting habit a person needs to pretty common, indeed, but this one has an unusual develop. Another starting habit is a sincere prayer twist, because this particular rabbit had no rabbit

for a harmonious working day. Mrs. R—is a very habits. He didn't like (Continued on page 198)

MARCH 1961 151; \ "Hey, Mister!"

Jeff didn't like the voice. There

'.'\:weih6nght 9 a sneer in it

Qss Cary said you might give me a job, maybe."

BY STEPHEN BENNETT

"Cardiff in five minutes,"announced the conductor. snub nose, and her eyes were gay and businesslike.

The daycoach was hot and crowded. Through the "You people own the Moseby Building,"Jeff told

grimy window Jefferson Moseby watched farmland her.

become city. "We have the listing,"she admitted.

"Thought we'd never get here,"chuckled the second "I want to lease it."

man in the double seat, "you live in Cardiff, son?"She laughed. "But you haven't seen it yet, surely.

"No, I'm a stranger,"said Jeff Moseby. It's a ruin. Mr. Halltree is thinking of tearing it down."

"Town's booming,"replied his seatmate, "great Something in his manner interested her.

place for a salesman."He patted the briefcase on his A ruddyfaced man emerged from the inner office

knee and smiled. "I'm on the road, myself."with an expression of comic amazement on his fea-

"That's good,"said the young man. Wonder what tures. "Not the Moseby Building!"he cried, "The

he'd say if I told him, he thought. The old trouble housing shortage can't be so bad that you are contemagain—wondering what people would say if they knew. plating an abandoned warehouse, m'boy

"I've been in the hospital,"Jeff might have exJeff grinned. "No, sir. My grandfather built the

plained. "Veterans'Hospital. For years, it seems like. Moseby Building. Possibly I'm sentimental, but I have

That leg stuck out in the aisle there, mister, isn't a loan, and I plan to revamp the old place—bicycles,

mine. They made it in a shop out of leather and motorbikes, repair, and sales. The neighborhood fits

aluminum and rubber...."the business."

But Jeff didn't say this. Instead, he smiled politely "It sounds splendid,"said the girl, smiling up at him.

at the traveling salesman. "My grandfather ran the "I wish you luck,"added the plump realtor, "Miss

Moseby Wagonworks in Cardiff years ago. In a way Gary will drive you down to the place if you like. We

I'm coming back home."can arrange a lease on favorable terms for us both."

"Moseby, hmmm. I remember the name."Jeff nodded. Ten minutes later he was sitting on

"Too much automobile competition,"said Jeff, the worn leather seat of an aged but trim little road- "Grandfather went out of business in 1917."ster which Beth Cary steered through Cardiff traffic

The salesman sighed. "Well... take the long view like a feminine Oldfield.

and call it progress, son."Jeff was impressed. "Your car, Miss Cary?"

Jeff looked at him grimly. "Progress!"he thought, "Yes. Have you been in town long?"

touching the mechanical knee, "this is your progress, "No, ma'am. Last night. Just got out of the hosmister."pital,"he added wearily.

"You'll do better,"said the salesman, "you're the No comment, no painful sympathy. Jeff was

new generation. What line?"pleased. "I'm anxious to get to work, Miss Cary,"he

"Bicycles, motorscooters."said.

The train slowed quickly, and they entered the The car turned into Jackson Street and pulled up shed. beside a grim, weathered barn of a building.

"Good luck,"said the salesman, holding out his "Here we are,"said Beth. She saw blank windows

hand. He noticed the shiny blondewood cane in the slatted up with boards, a pair of scabby doors, a sad

corner. "War vet, son?"lack of paint.

"Yes, sir."Jeff saw something else. A vision of plate glass,

"Good luck,"repeated the salesman. indirect lighting, a new motorbike on display, and

"Thanks,"Jeff smiled. somewhere behind it a paneled office, shelves full of

Later that afternoon he limped up the neat stone parts, racks of tools, fixtures. He found her looking

steps of a white, greenshuttered bungalow marked: at him quizzically.

OFFICE "Dreaming?"she laughed.

J. HALLTREE - REALTOR "Thinking how it's going to look when I get the

The girl behind the desk wore a smile with her place fixed up,"he grinned.

She unlocked the door. Something fluttered across "My grandfather,"murmured Jeff, "and my father.

the dark floor away from the sunlight. I'd like to put something like that up again. Perhaps

"Oooh!"Beth cried. I'm sentimental."He looked up at her with a hesitant

"Just a rat."Jeff used his flashlight, and they smile.

advanced into the dusty cavern of the old Moseby "I think it's a good idea,"said Beth Cary, "why

Building. Old planks and oddities of lumber and don't you?"

junk cluttered the ancient floor. He laughed harshly. "I'm going to try. It's a big

"Been empty for years, I gather,"Jeff mumbled. job. But that's what I want. Work. Hard work. Let's

"Years and years,"she agreed, "before the depresgo down again. I've seen enough."

sion it was a furniture warehouse."One week later Jeff moved out of his room in the

The stairway to the upper floor beckoned to them. YMCA and settled down in the loft of the warehouse.

"I'm going up,"he said, "coming along?"He had installed plumbing, done some rewiring, put

She nodded. "I'm a little afraid to stay down here in a gas stove, icebox, bed, and work table.

by myself.""Home is where you find it,"he thought, viewing

"Be careful,"he advised, testing each step. It was his handiwork. "I'll be comfortable here. I'll be living

clumsy going with his bad leg. with the job."

Streaks of sunlight entered through cracks in the Lights burned at all hours in the old Moseby Buildwall and glowed dimly in the loft. Jeff switched his ing—Jeff worked many long hours each day. The sound

flashlight around. of hammering, hacking, chopping, and the rasp of saw

"Nothing up here,"he said. and file began to interest the neighborhood. This

Beth stumbled suddenly. "Oh, how awkward!"she interest was compounded when the old doors on the

cried. street were ripped off and in their place appeared a

The flashlight beam threw light on her feet. magnificent sweep of plate glass, and the ancient

"It's just an old signboard,"she said. The flashplanks sustained a shiny false floor. Paint was applied

light flickered across its dim and rotting letters. Jeff to moldering walls. Floodlights beckoned. Jeff was

crouched to get a better look. He chuckled quietly. on the march.

"That's really amazing. Look—!"One morning, garbed in paintsplashed overalls,

The sign read:-JOHN MOSEBY & SON Jeff teetered on a high stepladder daubing a coat on

. forgetting his bad leg, Jeff

sprawled headlong on the floor. Anger boiled

within him.

the ceiling when a voice hailed him from the street At eight o'clock, no Judd. At nine, no Judd. Fifteen

door. minutes later Bobby strolled in. "I had to see some-

"Hey, mister!"body,"he explained.

Jeff didn't like the voice. There was, he thought, Jeff nodded and put the boy to work clearing off

a sneer in it. the loading platform in the rear.

"Miss Cary said you might give me a job, maybe,""My repair shop goes out here,"Jeff told him. He

said the voice without enthusiasm. The voice was that discussed the bicycle business. Bobby hauled a few

of a spindly youth of seventeen, Jeff observed, with old planks out to the alley and dropped them.

dusty hair and a sallow face and eyes which were just "You work too hard for all this,"he said.

a trifle furtive. "People never get anywhere unless they work hard."

"Miss Cary said that, eh?"said Jeff. "Well, I might "Maybe,"Bobby observed.

give you a job at that. What can you do?""I'm sorry I can't pay you more than fifty cents an

"Anything,"replied the boy. hour,"Jeff said. "Later on—when you learn the mechan-

"What's your name?"ical end of the business—the rate will go up. I need

"Bobby Judd."an assistant here in the shop. It isn't a oneman

"Well, Judd, come back in an hour with your workaffair."

ing clothes on. I don't pay very much.""That's fine,"said Bobby without enthusiasm.

"Thanks,"said Bobby Judd. He disappeared. Jeff returned to his painting. He was absorbed

Jeff mused over this. Beth Cary generally had a for an hour and failed to notice the sinister silence

reason for things. He respected her judgment. in Bobby's department. He went out to examine

"Ever do any painting?"he inquired, when his the scene. Bobby was sitting on a barrel in the alley

helpernew returned. idly tossing rocks at a flock of crows. The same three

?? art Sure. planks remained sole evidence of his morning's work.

Jeff crawled down the ladder awkwardly, handed Jeff's voice was cold. "You're not working for me

the boy his brush. "Take over. I'm going out on any longer, Judd."

business. Be back about four.""I'm not?"grinned the boy foolishly.

He put on streetclothes and made the rounds—"I'll get your money."Jeff limped off. Bobby folthe lumberyard, his wholesaler, the telegraph office, lowed him, a sneer on his lips.

the bank, the freight station. It was after four o'clock "Fifty cents an hour,"he said, "it wasn't much of

when he reached the Moseby Building again. The a job, was it?"

front door was ajar. Silence prevailed inside. The "You haven't earned ten cents an hour. I'm sorry

stepladder stood forlorn and empty. Some dabbling for you, Judd."

of paint had been accomplished on the ceiling—about Bobby laughed scornfully. He looked at Jeff Moseten square feet, Jeff calculated. He found Bobby Judd by's bad leg and laughed again. "You!"he said,

asleep on a pile of burlap in the corner. Jeff nudged "That's a good one—you being sorry for me. I'm sorry

him with his game leg. for you, Mister Moseby."He walked past Jeff into

"Wake up,"he said, "what's wrong?"the street.

The boy struggled upright, grinning sheepishly. Early in the evening the persistent blast of an auto-

"Guess I didn't get enough sleep last night, Mr. mobile horn drew Jeff to the street door. It was Beth

Moseby."Cary in the roadster. He went outside.

"You should have told me,"Jeff said drily; "go home "I fired your Bobby Judd,"he told her shortly, he

and rest, and be here at eight o'clock sharp tomorrow didn't like work."

morning."Worry crinkled the corners of Beth's eyes. "I'm

He forgot Bobby Judd. At midnight he was very sorry I didn't tell you about Bobby first."

tired, made a sandwich for himself, and slept like a "How come this protege stuff, Beth?"

mummy until six. At six he went back to work. "I'm an unofficial (Continued on page 196)

MARCH 1961 155 I f

twH tftf prf, n g'WwWi'iBjiai

* Public

KttttS

to*. W'ThiTtel Mjrf Jt*-. rfifeebii. MS? Moab Si* ir

Talk I On Driver Poinf Setup jRufcM'*

Jrges Caution '::(* ipllew: Bff6*':*

al Policies

Crew 34 Approv &d Read

ir Jobs For ite kittedptodp) Ibwnew Sort Utah's

Ttm 'of few*? Motttt

cans* Tf* &'"*'*x,sm*''**ifii'Speaker Sets

Precedents n House Taik

fejjjff (***.

/-'.-'rt-><\

v-i

| In a world of conflicting ideologies, special technological achievement in communication, we have pleaders, and super salesmen, truth is all too often no guarantee that the messages coming over our telepartially or completely missing from the messages with vision set or appearing in our newspapers and magawhich we are bombarded daily. This fact takes on zines are true.

special significance when considered in the light of This being the case, is there any way the consumer the scriptural admonition, "... know the truth, and at the end of the communication chain can tell whether

the truth shall make you free."(John 8:32.) If freedom he is getting the truth or not? It would be misleading

is dependent in the least degree upon knowing the to say that there is a simple formula that will test the truth, citizens of democratic nations face a real probtruth or falsity of the information that comes to us.

lem in maintaining their liberties because of the There are, however, some guideposts available to help difficulty in knowing which messages are true and evaluate the messages that we receive in print, over which are false. the air, or on the screen. These guideposts are nothing

Information comes in two ways: It is either transmore than a little knowledge about the operation of

mitted personally or it is carried by one of the agencies the press, the role of public relations, and the motivaof mass communication. Even though personal comtion of advertising. But this little knowledge, plus

munication is of great importance, there is probably common sense, can go a long way in guiding the no more pervasive influence in modern life than mass reader, listener, or viewer to truth.

communication: newspapers, radio, television, movies, At the outset it should be said that one of the best

magazines, and books. guides is the reputation for integrity of the particular

Consider the question of finding truth in the fanmedium being evaluated. In other words, how honest,

tastic mountain of news, advertising, opinion, comcapable, and interested in the public good are the mentary, publicity, and oratory that an individual is owners and managers of your local newspaper, radio exposed to regularly. Civilization operates to a great station, or television outlet? The answer to this quesextent on its ability to communicate. In fact, our tion normally must come through personal acquaintability to communicate has advanced to the degree ance with the men involved or long experience with

that news will appear on our television screen the very the performance of the medium.

same day it is made. Yet, in spite of this tremendous But even this personal knowledge is not always

156 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MASS COMMUNICATION AND TRUTH

to be. The second major problem is to tell whether

the content is true and accurate.

A simple, yet infrequently recognized illustration of these two difficulties can be seen in the comic strip "Orphan Annie."On the surface this popular comic

BY M. DALLAS BURNETT strip is entertainment. In fact, who would suspect

a comic strip character of promulgating social and enough, and in most cases we will not be acquainted economic opinions? Yet the author, Harold Gray,

personally with the honesty or lack of honesty of follows a definite ultraconservative line in regard to writers, editors, and owners. This leads, then, to the government. Gray not only entertains his readers but

need for citizens to have a greater understanding of also subjects them to his philosophy and opinion.

the operation and motivation of the mass communicaEven though a reader realizes that opinion is mastions media. Without this understanding, the inclinaquerading as entertainment in this particular comic

tion is either naively to accept everything we hear or strip, he still has the problem of deciding whether read, or maybe worse, to reject everything. Neither that opinion is true or not.

approach is proper for it should be hoped that most Examples like this are everywhere. They show up

of the communication we receive is true, while on not only in the "funny papers"but on television prothe other hand, it is obvious that there is a great deal grams, in the movies, in fiction, and in the columns of falsehood carried by the mass media. of newspapers and magazines.

As a fundamental key in understanding this problem The basic issue, of course, is not whether there is a of communication, it should be pointed out that citilittle advertising mixed with our entertainment, but zens in a democratic society are presented with four whether opinion is hidden in our entertainment and distinct types of messages by the communications news (information). This is not to say that opinion is

media. These types of messages are advertising, eninherently evil. The contrary is true. Opinion is a

tertainment, opinion, and news (or information). It is legitimate and important part of the flow of comobvious that there is bound to be some overlap in these munication in a democratic society. However, opincategories, since some news stories are entertaining ion is legitimate only if it is labeled as such and is

as well as informational, and some advertising is also not traveling under the guise of a factual report.

informational. Regardless of this overlap, the vast Unfortunately, there is too much disguised opinion

majority of messages appear in the garb of, or are in muddying the communication channels of the world.

some way labeled as, one of these four types. Strangely And in too many cases, opinion is nothing more than

enough, this fact is one of the basic problems conpropaganda.

nected with evaluation of communications: determinThe importance of this point is that wise decisions

ing whether the message is actually what it appears in the area of public (Continued on page 184)

MARCH 1961 157 There are few references to the use of /$////////,/VJ//<, money as a medium of exchange in the area which is now Utah before the arrival of the Mormon Pioneers in 1847. During the

late 1820's and early 1830's the annual rendezvous of the trappers and traders 'SAFETY r|; y SOCIETY provided an opportunity for early mountaineers

jf?/(m to exchange their cache of furs directly for

-/*/?///// supplies and eastern credit. The

'/ first trading post, Fort Robidoux, was Hb, constructed in the Uintah Basin about 1832. Some years later a visitor recorded

that "the common articles of dealing are horses, with beaver, otter, deer, sheep, and elk skins in barter for ammunition, firearms, knives, tobacco, beads, awls, etc."

Another trading post, Fort Davy Crockett, was established in 1837 on the Green

River in a valley called Brown's Hole. A

traveler there in 1839 related that "beaver skins from trappers, money from travelers and horses from Indians"were exchanged /?. for a variety of articles.

Indian slave trading was carried on along the

Spanish Trail in southern Utah throughBMOTERS BA.M Old

ONE DOLLAR 7// 4 out most of the first half of the nineteenth century. Spanish slave catchers

traded horses, mules, firearms, knives, glass beads, ribbons, calico, shirts, and blankets to Indians in return for Indian children who were sold in New Mexico and California.

Although Indian slavery was prohibited by

Spanish law in 1812, the inhumane traffic was continued until the Mormon settlers

BY EARL HANSON

MONEYOF THE

iMOUNTAINS

158 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA passed legislation against it in 1852. Despite their great industry and aspirations, in

LDS Church members first became involved in 1846 the Saints were once again driven from their affairs of a purely monetary nature at Kirtland, Ohio, homes by religious hatred and mob violence.

in 1836. In November of that year the establishment Before leaving Nauvoo some of them were

of a bank at Kirtland was deemed necessary by the compelled to dispose of their fixed assets at

Presidency and other leading elders of the Church, tremendous losses. A twostory brick house, occupied

An application was submitted to the Ohio State Legisonly three months by the Franklin D. Richards

lature for a charter to organize an institution which family was sold for two yoke of halfbroken oxen was to be known as the Kirtland Safety Society Bank. and a wagon. Sara Sturdevant Leavitt related

So certain was this group of obtaining the charter that that she and her husband were forced to sell they sent Oliver Cowdery to Philadelphia to have the their fortyacre farm for a pair of unbroken steers.

plates engraved with which to print the currency they Wagons, horses, cattle, cloth, and other provisions expected to issue. It was not until after the plates were purchased at great sacrifices in

were completed that the legislature refused to grant exchange for personal property. The journey

the charter on grounds that no specie existed with to the valley of the Great Salt Lake was one which to back the proposed currency. of hardship and privation. Most of the meager

Upon appealing and again failing to secure a savings which remained was soon spent charter, the group organized a "Stock Industrial Comfor muchneeded supplies.

pany"which they named the Kirtland Safety Society It has been estimated that the Mormon pioneers

AntiBanking Company. The printing of currency possessed less than one dollar a person in total

began, but instead of having new plates engraved, the cash capital when they arrived at their destination currency was printed upon the plates originally enin July 1847. Brigham Young had brought with

graved for the bank that failed to be chartered. An him about fifty dollars, which represented

attempt was made to change the appearance of the almost their entire money supply. All available

notes by stamping them to make the notes read cash was desperately needed for trading purposes

ANTIBANKING COMPANY, instead of BANK. outside of the valley, and the pioneer settlers

Because the "Society"had no state charter, the notes soon found themselves isolated without adequate were consistently rejected by merchants in New York, means with which to carry on local exchange.

Pittsburgh, and Cleveland, where large quantities of The ancient system of barter was reverted to merchandise had been purchased on credit for use in and business was carried on without money.

Kirtland. Within six months, as financial disaster A supply of small United States coins was obtained

swept the entire nation, the Kirtland Society, together by Brigham Young while on a trip east to the with thousands of other oversubscribed banks and Missouri River in 1847. Upon his return, in 1848,

institutions, was completely ruined by the financial he placed about eightyfive dollars in circulation.

"panic of 1837."Releasing these coins has been described as being

The failure of the Kirtland Safety Society Antilike "... spilling a cup of precious water upon the

Banking Company involved many members of the desert sands."The relief was only temporary; the

Church, one of the factors which caused dissension small change soon disappeared.

and apostasy to break out among some of the When members of the Mormon Battalion came into members. the valley, some from the sick camp in Colorado,

At the time the "Kirtland Safety Society"closed its some from the newly discovered gold fields in doors, Joseph Smith prophesied that the notes would California, but all with money, the critical one day be as good as gold, which later came true. situation was somewhat relieved. But paying for

Nevertheless, his words were unheeded and the notes goods and services with gold dust proved to be a fell into disuse. problem. A pinch of dust for a small purchase

From 18391846 the Mormons founded a new city, has been defined as "the amount of gold dust

Nauvoo, Illinois, upon the banks of the Mississippi that could be raised between the

River. City scrip was issued here as a medium of thumb and forefinger."

exchange until its emission was forbidden by a city In November 1848, a mint was established to ordinance passed in March 1843. convert the dust (Continued on page 172)

MARCH 1961 159 The following approach in thy God with all thy heart, and counseling, it involves an intercounseling may be completely with all thy soul, and with all change of ideas and plans for unorthodox in the light of the thy mind... [and] thy neighimprovement of future beusually accepted methods, and bour as thyself."( Matt. 2:37, 39.) haviors. But, in this area, feelthe teacher in the public school The scriptures say that Jesus ings and emotions, rather than

system may not be at liberty to went about doing good. His reason or mental analysis, are

approach his or her task in the secret? Love God, love others, the keys. Here prayer, if sinis understanding, cere and in other words, suggested. herein manner Howlove self—or involves both meaningful selfrespect, and parent ever, the keep in the home,

those giving spiritual guidance, Henry C. Link in his book, emotions and thought.

and all teachers in the Church Return to Religion, boldly anWhile much valuable detail would do well to examine the nounced that his own return to is missing from the Bible possibilities considered in this religion was the only answer to account, the gospel narratives approach. In fact, some excelinner peace. In fact, his counclearly reveal many of the counlent counselors, although they sel to those who came to him seling secrets which Jesus used

do not verbalize the fact, acfor help in human relations was so effectively.

knowledge that there is a third religion—service to God, to It seems right that the Master

dimension in the field of guidothers, and to self. Counselor should be observed

ance which adds a degree of Outside of lessons learned in and patterned, wherever posstature to their effectiveness—his book of life—the home, the sible, if we would do our work

that of spiritual communication. synagogue, the temple, and the

It should not be beyond the community about him—Jesus

mark to say that Jesus Christ had no book of rules, as such, to was the master teacher and underwrite his psychology of counselor. Harry Overstreet in counseling. Luke tells us that

his book, The Mature Mind, emJesus increased "in wisdom and phasizes again and again that stature, and in favour with God SYMPTOMS within the Sermon on the Mount and man."(Luke 2:52.) This

is the secret of happy living, growth was within the same individually and collectively, if media surrounding every norpeople could only be mature mal child—home, church, school, 10FI

enough to accept the message. and community. It was a growth

Not being mature, the ignorant which made him perfect, happy, and those unwilling to learn put sinless; able to bear burdens,

him to death because they could grief, and difficulties for himself see their power slipping as his and others; willing to forgive

message drew in the multitudes enemies, love neighbors, and whose inner needs were being counsel others in these arts with fulfilled with the new psycholan enviable degree of success. FOR!

ogy of his divine mind. Human Failure was not his but came to

need was his key, and fulfilling those who would not hear or that need was his method. "I use his suggestions. am come that they might have Undoubtedly better than anySPIRITUAL

life, and that they might have it one else, Jesus knew that "the more abundantly,"he said. letter killeth, but the spirit

(John 10:10.) giveth life"(2 Cor. 3:6), as Today, a sick world reels to Paul recorded. He understood GUIDANCE

and fro in sin, error, misery, and that which kills and that which rebellion—still unwilling to hear gives life because he knew himBY ALDA F. GARDNER

these words of the Savior: self and the inner self of all men. PRINCIPAL OF THE AFTON SEMINARY

"Peace I leave with you, my Was this a gift, or an art learned peace I give unto you: not as by the Master? Those who teach

the world giveth, give I unto and counsel would do well to you. Let not your heart be observe and learn some of his

troubled, neither let it be techniques.

afraid."(Ibid., 14:27.) Those One basic concept to observe CONDUCTED BY

of mature mind are finding that in spiritual counseling is: Counpeace in the living of his messel cannot be meaningful withTHE UNIFIED CHURCH

sage: "Thou shalt love the Lord out the spirit. Like formalized SCHOOL SYSTEM

160 THE IMPROVEMENT EBA

well. Here are some observations which mav help;

First. What did the Lord do

before dealing with any groupbefore he called the twelve, before he gave the famous Sermon on the Mount, before he even started his mission? He prayed

—once all night long, another

time for forty days.

Wh a tever one's beliefs are concerning the therapy of prayer for the counselor or counselee, one cannot ignore the facts that getting "set,"meditating, becoming harmonious with forces governing behavior are indispensable factors of balance and power.

Second. Notice how those who

"come unto Jesus"have first been thrilled by his message which he used to "take the lid off their minds"and to open their understanding to a power greater than themselves. (Preparation to do this was the result

of thirty years of living, study, observing, and meditation.)

Then, when people came to him, see how quick he was to sense or observe their need. From the

accounts it is obvious that he considered each person important and deserving of attention, and that he understood that every person is different and must, therefore, be considered individually.

Let us apply this for a moment. As informal counselors,

how sensitive are we to the need of those with whom we work?

When cases become extreme, professional help is often sought, and the need is open and clear.

On the other hand, a sensitive leader can often detect the symptoms of needs before severe disturbances arise, Third The Master kept the channels of communication open and permissive for all who cared to identify themselves with him. As we watch him at

work, we discover that some came to him secretly as did Nieodemus, the Pharisee, who ( Continued on page 176

BY PRESIDENT J

MARION D. HANKS

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

Let's use a name different from her own and call her Jerry's story is as old as time and as modern as

Jerry. She was a friendly, brighteyed, attractive today. Its counterpart occurs among her peers and

Mormon girl, active in the Church, happy at home, elders every day in many homes and offices and and anxious to succeed in her new venture as a freshlocker rooms and party places. Time passes, and cirman. When the invitation came to join a group at a cumstances alter, but human beings go on having

girls'party at a canyon resort on a Saturday afternoon, to make decisions. God's love does not diminish, nor

she was pleased and excited. Though she wasn't wellhis interest in his children. He continues with Godly

acquainted with any of the girls, she had seen some patience to seek to make his will known to them—

of them at Church gatherings and knew that among and they continue to respond in vastly varied ways.

them were leaders in social activities at school. The

small white envelope seemed to have brought her an An Old Story invitation to happiness, and she was thrilled. In the days of Adam, Noah, Abraham, and Moses

When Jerry arrived at the party in her new dress there were those who listened to the word of God and new hairdo, she was warmly greeted, introduced and turned from it, or listened and did not underto the others, and shown to her place at a bridge table. stand, or sensed its value but would not pay the price

Her first really anxious moments came when she had to enjoy it. A comparative few hearkened and obeyed

to explain that she didn't know how to play bridge, Christ when he was among men, taught the multibut there were immediate volunteers to teach her tudes the parable of the sower, saying that the seed so it seemed this crisis would pass without difficulty. which fell by the wayside represented those who

Some began to light cigarets, and Jerry soon became "heareth the word of the kingdom and understandeth aware that only she in the entire group was not it not."Some received the seed into stony places or

smoking. Her uneasiness grew as champagne was among thorns and did not endure tribulation or persepassed, and only she refused it, which caused some of cution, the "care of this world, and the deceitfulness of

them to whisper and look at her mockingly. riches."Some seed was sown in fruitful soil, being

There were some girls in the room who had never received by him who "heareth the word, and underbeen taught what Jerry knew and who didn't care. A standeth it... and beareth fruit."( Matthew 13.

few were from families whose life had once revolved around the Church—but no longer. Others there had Lehi's Dream

been taught, knew what they were doing, and were The Book of Mormon teaches this important lesson as uncomfortable about it as Jerry but hadn't the of life in a clear and wonderful way. Lehi and later

courage to make the right decisions under the pressure Nephi were blessed with a great dream or vision in of the crowd. In the whole group only Jerry chose to which certain symbols were used to dramatize the

be different. principle forcefully. There was a tree, the "tree of life

It was not a happy experience for Jerry. Disapwhich was a representation of the love of God."There

pointed and miserable, she was soon isolated from their was a straight and narrow path leading to the tree, and little chattering circles, and finally fled the place alone, a rod of iron running alongside it to protect the in confusion and tears. traveler from a river of filthy water. The path was

Bewildered by the experience, Jerry sobbed out her obscured by mists of darkness rising out of the river.

story to a proud mother whose tears mingled with Across the gulf was a large and spacious building filled her daughter's as she comforted her and praised her with people whose "dress was exceeding fine"and and talked to her of the future. who were "in the attitude of mocking and pointing

162 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA i.\'sSf&Ey&3$&$Si*:::

W

WmSMWi

ill! n WMMM00* r\

their fingers toward those who... were partaking mist of darkness, clinging to the rod of iron, even until

of the fruit"of the tree of life. they did come forth and partake of the fruit of the

The rod of iron represented "the word of God,"tree."But after they had eaten, they beheld the

the river of filthy water "the depths of hell,"and the people in the building who were "mocking and pointmist of darkness "the temptations of the devil."The ing their fingers"towards them, and "after they had

large building symbolized the "vain imaginations and tasted of the fruit they were ashamed because of pride of the children of men."those that were scoffing at them; and they fell away

into forbidden paths and were lost."

In Different Ways A final group represented in the dream caught hold

There were groups of people in the dream who, as of the rod of iron, clung to it steadfastly, and reached in the parable of the sower, and as in Jerry's experience, and partook of the fruit of the tree. They, with Lehi,

represented the varying response of God's children to discovered that the fruit was sweet above all that they his commandments and counsel. Multitudes, caring had ever before tasted, were filled in their souls with

nothing for the tree of life or the love of God, were "exceeding great joy,"and immediately were moved "feeling their way towards that great and spacious with the desire to share it with others. (1 Nephi

building."Many of them were drowned and others Chapters 8, 11, 12, 15.)

lost from view, "wandering in strange roads,"while As it was in days of old, so is it now. We are free

multitudes entered the building and joined in pointing to seek and have and share the precious fruit of the "the finger of scorn"at those who were partaking of love of God or to ignore it and seek satisfaction in the the fruit of the tree. ways and wisdom and vain imaginations of the world.

A second group of people was pressing forward toWe can, if we choose, wander in strange roads, fall ward the path leading to the tree, and some "did comaway into forbidden paths, and become lost. As in

mence in the path,"but a great mist of darkness arose Jerry's case, the choice is sometimes difficult and (being the temptations of the devil) and "they who demanding, and sometimes we must stand alone. But

had commenced in the path did lose their way, that the reward for right choosing is marvelous beyond they wandered off and were lost."price, for the fruit of the tree of the love of God is

Others, representing a third attitude, caught hold "most sweet"above all else and fills the soul with of the rod of iron and "did press forward through the "exceeding great joy."

INBETWEEN TIME

BY LOUISE DARCY

This is the time of inbetween When snow is leaving, before green,

When things look winterworn and bare

With dingy patches everywhere.

This is the time to lift the heart

To April skies and tulip start,

Awaiting promise of the seed Which ever fills a springtime need.

Sere fields will soon be touched by jade,

Snug nests for baby robins made.

Oh, soon will come bright bloom, fleet wing,

God's gift of his eternal spring!

164 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

She: Look, it's all here They: But that's where YOU

come in.

They: Where?

She: That's where the Era of

She: In the Era of Youth, of Youth comes in

course.

They: So They: What is? She: So, we read all about how

She: The secrets of successful to get dates, what's new

dating, for one thing. to do, what to wear and

how to act, tips on dancing They: This is something YOU and well, everything!

need?

They: Sounds great. And...?

She: Something every teen

needs. Gives spark to rouShe: Well, what are we waiting

tine activities. for?

Equality between the sexes may be very much Flmdl a flock of females eleekiim over with us these days, but r 9 smd you'll find eomrapllete agreement when it conies to sue* oel one things The boy "who works out cessful dating behavior, it's stiii best for boys gj the date details in advainiee 9 theim wlfoem he to play the leading role.

asks for a date 9 e inthin silasticaMy describes Man does the phone call'ing; picks check; up the the evening to the girl == the eonnpany the calling does for and i

Dniagg who's taking the taking home (even on 11 be going an girls'choice occasions); helps her through doors,

iow everyone will be dressing in and out of cars and 'the boy they're most coats, down a darkened aisle, or along a rough:!. to aeeepto path.

DATA ON Every boy knows what torture it is

to call for a girl for the first time and be met at the door by a stranger DATING BY ELAINE CANNON

her father! If ever a girl should be ready on time,

ART: VIRGINIA SARGENT

with the proverbial welcome mat out, it's on a first

... or there just might not be another!

;pntpnnqpnqpnqnqpnq3n'ynqpn q; Nicest boy on the scene: the

one who keeps tab on the clock when a girl has promised to be

A girl never feels so feminine as when a home by a certain time. And

"boy is being a gentleman. Sharp girls give when that hour arrives, he an-

"boys every opportunity to prove they have nounces, "Sorry, WE must be manners. Smart boys emphasize their mangoing."That he would help

ly qualities by the care and the keeping her fight the battle of breaking they show their girl friends. up a party definitely melts her.

cfcfeptti

Pet peeve: girls who run

in huge herds, like sheep, even at Church dances or school stag sessions. What

boy dares brave THAT kind of barrier to get to one girl, and just for one dance? m&mpgift *m*i&m&. Just in case you've never asked

anyone for a date Or just in case you've never been asked, Remember that patience is NOT necessarily its own reward

in this case. But it helps!

Meanwhile, get courageous.

Take the creative approach to

the problem. Fill your life with

stimulating activity—develop a

Young teens soon learn that girls must do seventynew hobbyJoin a club or a choir, five percent of the plotting, planning, and preparing if there is to be much in the way of boygirl sign up for committee work, set get togethers. It's that simple. Reasons: Boys are up a selfimprovement course,

limited in cash—and imagination; boys are shy; change your hairdo. Evidence

boys, at this age, would rather play ball! So girls of the good results will soon

who like mingling better than singling, periodically stage informals, featuring groups rather than show up in your date book.

couples and the kind of fixyour-own food entertainment that gets everyone in on the act of having one wonderful time. The payoff?

Someday, somewhere, the boys may repay this charity with an invitation to the school prom. Maybe. Meanwhile,

V\\ back at the house—whose turn

is it to flip the hotcakes?

You'll notice that the socially smooth boys always return the favor by dating a girl at least once after she's taken him to a girls'choice affair.

It's the considerate thing to do—and sometimes, the follow

up proves even better.

itwhen comes to the view at his

g J J (translation:(transk GIRL),

he prefers a glowing one shoulder, gleaming, fragrant hair; fresh, clear

skin; shining teeth and wellgroomed mouth. Eyes should be

sparkling and attentive, reflecting a deep, inner beauty. Makeup

and hair style should improve on nature, he says, not compete with it, and a lowcut dress, extremely short skirt, or otherwise immodest garb on his girl embarrasses him.

It helps if there's an expression of warmth and sweetness, of gaiety and goodwill, of intelligence and orderliness about her.

When it comes to response, he goes for smiles and laughter, not giggles (there is a diiference, you know!), for enthusiasm

tempered by gentle restraint.

Gazing at her, he wants to feel she's something precious, worthy of the proverbial pedestal all right, but real enough to roll out the eats following a brisk game of Pingpong.

The view at his shoulder could be you, for these are qualities one can acquire.

Could be?

Might as well be.

boy looks to neednt up be tall..

\S %y%/ / she'd like him to be manly and considerate, strong - but gentle, correct but casual. She likes to feel he's capable of caring for

her in public and when they're alone. He should work, and with

pride in his job, whatever it is at this point. He should be good

on a ball field and at the Sacrament table; able to conduct a club

meeting or cope with a troublesome little brother. He should

have standards and goals and a feeling about the future. He

should be fun, but not an emptyhead, idealistic but not stuffy.

And he should be clean, with clear eyes and a direct, unwavering glance. Neat clothes, put together with a consciousness of

color and suitability, are a definite asset, too. And finally, she

likes to look up to a jawline that is fuzzfree and a hairline trim but not sheared, groomed but not greasy.

No, a boy needn't be tall to be looked up worth it! to—just

ART: VIRGINIA SARGENT

TEENS ON THIS PAGE: CHARLOTTE GARFF, GEORGIA GARFF,

JOE BINGHAM, BYRON POWELL.

GINGER WOOD, SALLY BREINHOLT. DICK JACOBSEN, FRANK

UHRHAN, ANN TORNEY, RON CHAMBERLAIN.

Is it all right to

ask a girl

on a

stayat-home

PHOTO: ERNST WITKE date? PHOTO: CLAUDELL JOHNSON

unlessYes, you object to

having fun

on a farthing!

ECONOMIC: Providing for a family, and budgeting for and laking care of one, demands resourcefulness, discipline, dependability, and good hard work.

BY MARION D. HANKS

CULTURAL: every normal friends,Husbandsas andwellwivesas sweetheartsshould be bestand companions. To be happy they must

like being together and doing thingsyoung man and together, or at least be mature enough to learn to like doing things together wants (and should and to be considerate and underWOman want) to get married standing of what the other enjoys.

at the right time, under the right circumstances, to the right person. When

the great occasion comes for you, you will want to be SOCIAL OR EMOTIONAL:

ready to be "the right one"for This doesn't mean dancing divinely or parties, to the social though going someone, and that takes It Check certainly important. are graces yourself

more than dreaming! means that both persons must be with the

to be up enough more grown interquestions Every boy and girl, as they of success the the marriage ested in approach and enter the dating and in the happiness of the other onfollowingthe stage, should be aware that than in defending their own "rights."pages,

Married people who can't overcome remembering marriage is a great and childishness and thoughtlessness aren't that now demanding and richly happy. is the time

rewarding challenge, requiring to be specific preparation if it is ifpreparingyou to be for them all that it desire and can be and should be. expect to be

one day Marriage has many aspects, ROMANTIC: happily

among them these: High ideals, wise courtship, and the married

quiet conscience accompanying personal purity make a sound basis for the romantic relationships in marriage. People don't "fall"into love;

they sometimes "fall"into something else. True love must be learned,

achieved, climbed to; built on firm

foundations of friendship, respect, consideration, kindness. Good manners and courtesy are vital, too.

SPIRITUAL: v

When there is unity in religious interest, faith, and activity, marriage is inevitably happier. Around reverent

search, prayer, wholesome living, and religious service, fine family life can be organized.

Are you getting a solid educational or vocational training?

Are you serious about it?

Do your marks and your effort represent your best?

If you were an employer would you want to hire someone just like you?

Do you like to read? What book (schoolbooks don't count!) have you read in the past six months?

Do you participate in or understand sports?....

Are you fun to be with?

iHow are you on the ball field, or the dance committee, or conducting a meeting?

Are you a "prima donna,"a "spoiled child,"a "big shot?"When you have a date and the family needs the car, how do you act? Do you act

maturely, work out a solution, take a "bad bounce"as well as a good one?

Do you voluntarily help with household chores or jobs?

\Are you a gentleman?....

Do you protect your girl associates from experiences or language or conduct that are unpleasant or unworthy of them?

Would you get a date home at a specified time, in spite of your own opinion about it?

Would you want to have your sister or daughter treated the way you treat girls?

I Do you attend and participate in your Church meetings?

How long since you voluntarily—without getting credit from someone—did some

thoughtful act or service for another person?

Do you understand your religion?

Do you live up to your beliefs?

Do you really fast on Fast Sundays—and profit spiritually from the experience?

TESTS

|Can you make a dress—and a loaf of bread?—

Do you have any idea what it costs to feed, clothe, and house a family?

Can you make do, do over, do without if you need to?

Do you keep your own room clean?

[Do you like to talk with people? Do you ever talk about ideas? Have you the gumption to ignore the television set and read a book?

Can you have a fun evening with a boy without going to a show, stopping at the hamburger shop, parking, or spending any money?

Would you be willing to invite a boy to a stayin evening or a family night? |If associates have things Mom and Dad can't really afford, can you gracefully and

graciously manage without these things?

Would you work and sacrifice to help keep a brother on a mission or in school?

Are you considerate of your parents, their efforts and needs?

Can you discuss and defend a principle without pouting or tears or anger?

\Do you believe your parents should set a time for your coming home?

Do you have enough sense and strength to demand respect and proper conduct in your companions? Do you set the standards?

Are you making happy memories for all the years ahead?

iDo you encourage and help young men to honor their priesthood?

Are you reverent in Church? During the passing of the Sacrament? In class?

Are you sincere when you pray?

Do you teach in Primary—or Junior Sunday School? Would you, if asked?

Do you find time to visit someone sick or sad or alone, an hour a week?....

ART: VIRGINIA SARGENT

1) Both greet the host and hostess before joining the dance party.

2) The gentleman checks the wraps.

3) Both make opportune introductions.

4) Asking for a dance is the man's privilege (except when a girl's choice is announced).

TEENS ON THIS PAGE:

BILL EVANS, PEGGY HANSEN 5) The girl walks at the right of her escort as they enter the dance area.

11) Both express appreciation to the host and hostess before leaving the dance party.

10) The man will precede the girl down a flight of stairs or through darkened or crowded areas.

Little steps that help to make your big dance date "A night to remember"YOU—both of you—are responsible for the evening's 9) The girl is served refreshments,

pleasure by being sociable, thoughtful, and appreciative. by her partner, at either the

You will be confident about the success of the evening if refreshment table or at her seat.

you know you are neatly groomed, if you have a fair knowledge of ballroom dancing, and an easy manner when greeting people and making introductions.

The fellow should be confident about his ability to lead any partner in any dance rhythm that might be played.

The girl should know the art of following any partner with ease.

Show your leadership by entering wholeheartedly into the plans made by your hostess, or party committee, for the evening's entertainment.

BY SARA D. YATES 8) The girl's escort will wisely

DANCE COMMITTEE OF THE arrange to exchange several of the dances with other couples.

YWM1A GENERAL BOARD

7) He thanks her for the dance, and she expresses her appreciation and enjoyment.

6) The gentleman takes his partner into standard dance position for most types of dance.

Conversation Piece

DID YOU KNOW THAT... why not serve nutritious as to ell as delicious snacks

many boys lose interest in girls who cry too to all your friends? This good advice comes from

much in the movies? Elna Miller, Utah State University Extension Nugirls are perfectly happy to accept a lastminute tritionist. She suggest relish trays, milk drinks,

date, if his reasons for the late call are good? and fruit boivls in glamorous settings. "Snacks

a boy dislikes a girl teaching him to dance at can give you good food as well as good fun, if you a dance? plan them that way,"reminds Nutritionist Miller.

a girl labels a boy inconsiderate who doesn't phone if he's going to be late?

a boy would rather suffer in dead silence than FELT FRONT AND CENTER... for coats and pophear a rehash of her last night's date? over tops. High fashion fad: reefers, collared and buttoned trimly; coolie coats

with loop closures; tunics with self ties;

FEED A FELLOW... and keep him coming. A tyrolean toppers brightly bound with braid.

tried and true thought. And while you're at it, Easy, easy to make. Practical and pretty.

WSBK

LDS Teens Talk

A date should be wellplanned as to where the couples are going and what time they will leave and return. I

know parents appreciate this and are more likely to Curtis Truihler feel safe and without worries while their son or daughter Canoga Park, California is out on this type of date. I'm sure I would feel this

way if I were a parent.

We miss some of the fun of dating when we limit it to couple activity. How about the joy of other kinds Wi

of dating—father and daughter, son and mother, and

other family and Church relationships?

Many of us have had to learn how to use crutches to help us along in our walking. So it is with steady dating. Our crutch is our steady date. We lean on him Judy Lynne Warnick

for a date for every occasion. It is our feeling of securPasadena, California

ity. But real security comes from a variety of fine

friendships.

not recognize so easily, or if we do, perhaps we think others will not notice them. At least we hope they

won't—but they do!

Take a close look in the mirror, at your inner self.

What do you see? Ask yourself:

Is my spirituality sagging?

Does my testimony need toning up?

Am I pudgy with pride or bulging with envy?

Am I getting flabby mentally?

Does my viewpoint need to be broadened?

Am I letting kindness and cheerfulness go undeveloped?

Am I stiff from being stubborn and unforgiving?

Am I underweight and skinny where appreciation and gratitude are concerned?

Am I taut with intolerance?

Am I musclebound with materialism?

Do I get my feelings hurt easily? I must resolve to

toughen them up.

Do I lose my temper quickly? Then my patience

needs developing, and my selfcontrol needs strengthening.

Am I selfcentered and selfish? Selfishness is just

as ugly as a bulging tummy.

Criticism is like oversized hips—it needs to be

reduced.

Do I need some exercise in selfdiscipline? Remembering discipline is a process or training whichHOW DOYOTT corrects, molds, strengthens, or perfects.

What did you see in the mirror, just now? Were

you real shapely, trim, and slim or were there some

It's so easy to makeCOUPLE? bulges that need working on?

BY GENEVIEVE VAN WAGENEN excuses for ourselves, but excuses won't improve us.

Would that we had the power, as the poem says: "To

Never, probably, has there been a time when people see ourselves as others see us."

were as figure conscious as they are today. NewsWhat was that you said? You're not at all satispapers, magazines, radio, and television use their art fied with what you saw in the mirror? You want to

of persuasion to urge us to streamline ourselves. They get rid of some bags and bulges, but you don't know

make us intensely aware of the shape we are in. Rewhat exercises to take? Well, why not come and exerducing diets are common topics of discussion. You cise with us? It's fun! The exercises are not too

can hardly get through a luncheon and escape this strenuous, and you will be thrilled with the results.

subject. Seems like most everyone is on a diet, men The Golden Rule is one exercise that must be pracand women alike. Others make regular trips to the tised daily. The "exercises"for a beautiful character

reducing salons. When the scales reveal the loss of are the faithful observance of all revealed commandseveral pounds, they are exuberant with joy. "It was ments. If followed consistently and completely they

hard, but it was worth it!"they exclaim. And with keep us in topnotch condition. The "exercise tithing,"

determination flashing in their eyes, they set the goal reduces selfishness and develops generosity and thrift.

for the removal of another five or ten pounds. Sabbath day observance develops obedience, reverIt's easy to see the unwanted pounds and the unence, humility, faith, and a host of other virtues.

sightly bulges. One look in the mirror reveals all. But Once you get into the swing of things you'll feel so

our figure isn't the only thing that suffers from ungood inside and your new outlook will make you wish sightly bags and bulges. Our inner self, our character, you had started exercising sooner. One, two, breathe

can get in a terrible shape, too. These faults we do deep and stand tall.

MARCH 1961 165 % Writers of Church history have generally been Whitmer, Parley P. Pratt, and Ziba Peterson had left

generous with their praise of the lesserknown "heroes"their homes and traveled among the Indian tribes of the work of expansion. But there is a handful of of New York and Ohio, preaching the Book of Mormen and women, who, it seems, have not been acmon. The Prophet, himself, had visited Indian camps

corded the full measure of the honor they deserve—in Iowa, and many Indian tribes had visited with the

a handful of men and women who, in their humble Saints in their various homes along the route from devotion to a cause and their unworldly forgetfulness New York state to the valleys of the West.

of self, rose above the limitations of the commonplace So in July 1854, Brigham Young laid his hands upon to stand among the true heroes of Utah. Among these ten chosen men and sent them forth to preach the

were those men who, in the early days of the Church, gospel to the Lamanites in southern Utah. Rufus C.

were called as missionaries to the Indians. Allen was the leader of this first group. He visited

The late William R. Palmer of Cedar City, writing the Paiutes; he preached to old Chief Toquer and his

about these early missionaries, has said, "No mission tribe and baptized eleven converts in one day. Later,

ever attempted by our people called for more faith, more than fifty of Chief Toquer 's people came to courage, and devotion than going out among the Brother Allen and begged for baptism. So successful

savages of that day."was this first attempt, that Brigham Young later sent

We can easily believe this, when we recall that fifty other missionaries into this field. They had found

those missionaries had barely finished the long journey that it was far better to Christianize their red brethren across the plains—across more than thirteen hundred than to fight them.

miles. Some had to travel day and night in mortal fear The name of Jacob Hamblin is probably the best

of the red man. Practically all they knew of the Indian language was the frightening war cry and the

triumphant yell of the victor.

But after they had braved all these dangers and had come at last to the comparative safety of this valley among the mountains, they were still faced fear of Indians.with the blame them would Who if BYHUMBLEOLIVE W. BURT

their in arose fearthere to erase this desire hearts the by force of arms? And yet their leader counseled

them to treat the Indians kindly. known of all the missionaries to the Indians. Sent out

It was not because Brigham Young was blind to on the first mission and later made leader of other the danger. He saw it only too plainly. "Build your missions, Hamblin devoted his whole life in the West

forts,"he advised, "and make them doubly strong so to keeping peace between the white settlers and their that neither white man nor red will dare to trouble red brothers. Hamblin's home ranch was not far from

you."But he gave other advice, too. "Bear with them Cedar City, but he was seldom there. In 1857 he led

in all patience and long suffering. It is cheaper to a mission to the Lamanites in Arizona. In 1858 he

feed them than to fight them."visited the Moquis east of the Colorado River, stopping

And then, in July 1854, seven years after the first to preach to the Kaibabs, the Paiutes, and others along wagons rolled into the valley, Brigham Young sent the way, and it may have been largely due to Hambconsecrated men to go out among the Indians and lin's interest in these red men, who built homes and carry to them the gospel of salvation. cultivated farms, that the southeastern part of Utah

Brigham Young knew what he was doing—he poswas colonized.

sessed firsthand experience himself, for he had sucOn Hamblin's mission into this territory in 185960 cessfully filled a mission to the Mohawk Indians. there occurred the tragic event that resulted in the

Knowing that the Indians were remnants of Israel—martyrdom of a missionary. George A. Smith, Jr., was

Lamanites who had lost the gospel through transgreskilled by angry Navajos. The Indians then demanded

sion—the Latterday Saints had from the very first two more men from Jacob Hamblin, but he refused,

tried to rescue these people. Oliver Cowdery, Peter of course, and managed {Continued on page 174)

166 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA:.:": ----'--*>:i

*.*>-

H

i | Today, we hear a great deal about problems of the letters from all of their family.

home. But very little emphasis is placed upon the Children, too, carry a responsibility toward parents

value of letters in solving these problems. Letters, in writing regularly when away from home. Possibly,

however, may have a profound effect upon influencmany young people are like the young man who was ing the lives of families. always going to tell his parents how much he owed

Often family life is saddened by failure to write them for his training, but who failed time after time letters. Some fathers, for instance, have been so ento carry out his intentions. One day he received a

grossed with politics or business affairs that they have letter informing him that his mother was very sick neglected to keep in touch with their children when and probably would not recover. In her conscious

separated from them. If there is any correspondence moments, she kept repeating, "Why doesn't Tom write?

kept up, it is Mother who usually does it. Theodore Why doesn't Tom write?"

Roosevelt, who excelled in so many aspects of life, Well, Tom did write, and told his mother how much always had time to write to each of his children. her life had meant to him. But when his letter reached

Roosevelt, the "rough rider,"governor, statesman, the old home, she was dead.

scientist, game hunter, explorer, lecturer, and writer, There are boys in the service, too, who think they wrote so many letters to his children that a compilado not have time to write to the home folk. There

tion of them has been made entitled Theodore Rooseare millions of homes saddened by continued disapvelt's Letters to his Children. We do not know how pointment when the mailman is often met before he

much the success of his children came from those reaches the mail box.

letters, but they surely had remarkable influence. The same thing often happens when a member of

If Roosevelt could find time to write letters to each the family goes to college, or when home ties are member of his family, surely fathers today have no broken in some other way. The home folk would like

right to say, "I'm too busy to write."Children need to know something of college life and how things

the influence of their fathers as much by mail as in are going. Sometimes, when letters do arrive, the

the home. Children who are away from home need really interesting things about the new life are too

frequent encouragement from both Mother and seldom mentioned. The letters are often too short and

Father, as well as brothers, sisters, relatives, and often filled with generalities or trivial things.

friends. When the boys in the service line up for I overheard three or four young men talking, some

letters, how much like a swordthrust it is to have so time ago. None of them had written home for months

many of them disappointed. A schedule of writing and months. One had the audacity to say, "I think

could surely be arranged, so that when "mail call"is I'll go back to the old home some time and see if my made they are pleasantly surprised with frequent mother is still there."Possibly, the greatest calamity

THE IMPORTANCE OF LETTERS BY H. C. LAKE

MAIL THIS COUPON BOOKCRAFT, 1186 South Main St.

Salt Lake City, Utah Send me the books circled for 10 days examination. In 10 days

I will pay for the books, plus a few cents delivery costs, or return them postpaid. (Bookcraft will

pay delivery costs if check or money order accompanies coupon. Return books if not satisfied, we'll refund your money.)

MARCH 1961 169

that can befall a parent or child is mutual carelessness or lack of love.

Regardless of how far apart the members of a family may be, frequent, sympathetic, helpful, and encouraging letters will cement them together.

Letters are an influence in ways other than in cementing family ties, too. The success of Franklin D.

Roosevelt's campaigns of 1932 and 1936 was due greatly to the letter writing strategy of James Farley, his campaign manager. There were

about 160,000 men in the Democratic organization, from the highest to those of precinct level. But everyone received a personal letter, at

least once, and some more often, while the campaign strategy was carried out. It was not a Dear Mr.

Jones letter, but Dear Jack or Joe and signed not James Farley, campaign manager, but Jim. Farley used

letters because he knew what personal letters meant to every individual. Many of those letters were

A relaxing, refreshing seagoing vacation included in your kept for years as a memento of those

Cunard trip to Europe... enriched by spacious, comfortacampaigns.

By means of clubs and letters, ble accommodations, wonderful international cuisine and various groups have maintained flawless service, a multitude of interesting activities and friendly relations for life. Every

friendly companions aboard ship college student makes close friends during his college days. These are

the days when one has the opporGO CUNARD FOR WIDEST CHOICE OF SHIPS, SAILINGS, tunity to select friends which he should keep for life. But many fail

and RATES TO EUROPE to keep in touch after graduation.

Some years ago, a group of old

Throughout the year, Cunard offers an avschool friends, in a little town of 300 erage of three sailings a week to Europe... inhabitants, decided to maintain

mutual friendship for life by forming including weekly fiveday crossings by the a club which they called the "Ansuperliners Queen Elizabeth and Queen chor Club."As thev scattered here

Mary. You can enjoy extra savings from and there, they began to circulate

a chain letter and to hold yearly lower rates and a 10% reduction on roundmeetings. Some of the boys were

trip tickets if you select sailings in the only fairly successful; however, one

Thrift Season. became a multimillionaire, and two

of them organized an insurance company. But as they circulated their

CRUISE CUNARD to the CARIBBEAN, THE MEDITERRANEAN, letters and met together, they were all on common ground. This club

THE NORTH CAPE, THE SOUTH PACIFIC AND FAR EAST! was maintained until only one member remained alive. Cruises in every season, ranging from 1290 days in length,

Yes, letter writing can and should with rates to fit your taste and budget be both pleasant and profitable.

Letter writing helps to keep the

Getting there is half the fun! members of a family united though

SEE YOUR TRAVEL AGENT... GO apart—it is a potent force in maintaining valuable friendships for life,

and it improves business associations.

You may be miles away, but you can speak to anyone if you will just CUNARDCUNARDLINE, 25 Broadway, N. Y. 4. BO 9-5300 write a letter.

210 Post Street, San Francisco EX 2-1307

170 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SIGNPOST FOR GOOD LISTENING!

|-5:30PM I THRU

KSL RADIO FRIDAY

A new concept in modernCROSSROADSday radio! Designed for "Crossroads"is hosted by Marshall Small, long

easy listening, and featuring the outstanding pertime Salt Lake radio favorite, sonalities of KSL and CBS Radio in interviews with one of the BIG K's versatile, people you didn't expect to meet; News in depth creative and interesting

every hour, reported by the world's top news repersonalities. Monday through

porters; Music you'll enjoy and appreciate. Friday, 1 to 5:30 p.m.

Marsha

1160 On Your Dial

MARCH 1961 171 Money of the Mountains This unfortunate setback was pointed crown and the allseeing mitigated, however, by use of paper eye encircled by the letters, P.S.T.A.

(Continued from page 159) money. Currency was substituted P.C.J.C.L.D.S.L.D.A.O.W. The sixfor gold dust, which was left on teen letters served as an abbreviinto coins. John Kay, was commisdeposit until coinage could be reation of the inscription: "Private

sioned mintmaster, and John Taylor sumed. A series of handwritten Seal of the Twelve Apostles, Priests of

was appointed to help originate a notes was placed into circulation the Church of Jesus Christ of Lattersuitable design for the coins. Opduring the latter part of December day Saints in the Last Dispensation

erations commenced in December 1848. Later a printing press was All Over the World."

1848; however, the crucibles began devised, and the notes were the obOn January 10, 1849, the bills of

to break almost immediately, and ject of the first printing undertaken the "Kirtland Society"were backed coinage was discontinued until new in the Salt Lake Valley. The gold by gold and placed into circulation;

ones could be obtained. The punchcertificates were printed upon perthus was fulfilled the prophecy of

ing press was dismantled and forated white paper, and the official Joseph Smith that one day the Kirtshipped by ox team to Parowan, in seal of the Twelve Apostles was land notes would be as good as gold.

southern Utah, where it was used stamped in the center of each note. Meanwhile, some new crucibles

for cutting nails. The symbol consisted of a threewere obtained, and the mint resumed operation in the fall of 1849.

Gold dust and nuggets were converted into twoand-a-half, five, ten, and twentydollar gold pieces. The

latter were reported to be the first

The present forever faces twentydollarstruck in the Unitedgold piecesStates. toEachbe

coin was engraved with a symbol of the future friendshiphands and inalsothetheformallseeingof claspedeye encircled with the phrase, "Holiness

RICHARD L. EVANS to the Lord."The date and denomination accompanied the initials,

G.S.L.C.P.G., represented the which

is clock striking of "The midnight. cold town The words, Salt "Great City Pure Lake is its the night in urging at wind the door and way Gold."to attempt was No made THE fire windowcrevice; the to has the almost sunk SPOKEN refine the coinage; gold before

Still third grate. of tires the bar not, dream my WORD therefore the actual of the worth

... has into reverence; blended passion Love coins slightly stated was the below

if has into content. subsided joyous age what comes, And... value. interesting following The else strength, gives inner pilotand knowledge, What and steady a description of "Mormon money"

.. steer to hand, boldly shoreless that out sea, upon the where

in 1 appeared the Daily Orleans New is life river of running?". Reveries written These a centhan more

in Picayune 1850. tury of suggest is life river a ago of meaning. The mood much

running. And how short is the run into eternity! And how swiftly "We are indebted to the merthe present becomes the past, as our lives are lived between memcantile house of James Conally

ories and unknown events—as the present forever faces both past and Co. of this city for the

and future! "If I were dying,"said Justice Holmes, "my last words pleasure of examining a sample

would be: have faith and pursue the unknown end.... There must of a consignment sent to them

be a drift, if one will go prepared and have patience, which will of California gold in the shape of bring one out to daylight and a worthy end... one is safe in trustcoin, stamped with Mormon

ing to courage and to time."2 All this adds up to a kind of thoughtsymbols.*** They present much

fulness, with some looking back, but not too much brooding. "Let us the same appearance as the

correct our errors forward, not backward."3 The past is only good United States gold coin, though

for what we have learned from it, the present for what we do with not so neatly cut or beautifully it, and the future is for faith—and the fact that we have come designed. The gold is of a dull

through all the past with the help of Providence, with a loving yellow color. One is naturally

Father's mindfulness for us, is the best reason for faith in facing led, on examining these hierothe future, with the love of loved ones, of family, of friends, with glyphic looking pieces to a humble wonder of the world, with repentance and a reappraisal thoughts of the distant land of things that mean the most—and an awareness that there is an they come from and the strange

overruling Providence and Power, and purpose, which purpose will people who have left the imprevail. Thus may we "trust to courage and to time"—"have faith press of their religious faith on

and pursue the unknown end"2—and gratefully go forward into both surfaces.*** The Mormons

another year that God has given. appear, indeed to have separODonald Grant Mitchell, Reveries of a Bachelor. ated themselves entirely from

2Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes, Cited in Yankee from Olympus. all ties of home and country.***

3Henri Bergson, Criticism. They are evidently destined to

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the become a great and powerful

Columbia Broadcasting System, January 1, 1961. Copyright 1961. community. There is some172 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Pledge of Service A from Phillips 66 Dealers

to pledge with products serve you We of the h finest quality. oil, In gasoline, tires, batteries motor

and accessories for your car, you can rely on the name Phillips 66 for top performance.

We pledge to you that we will always be friendly, courteous, and helpful, in keeping with our policy of "Hospitality on the Highway."

We pledge to be conscientious in servicing under the hood of your car. We will check the oil level,

radiator, water hose, battery and fan belt, and service these as needed.

We pledge to be concerned with your comfort and safety. We will carefully clean your car's windshield. If you wish, we will gladly clean the windows

all around... brush out inside your car... and

check the air pressure and condition of your tires.

We pledge to maintain clean stations and clean rest rooms, so that wherever you see the Phillips 66

Shield, you can drive in with confidence.

ITSA PLEASURE TO PLEASE YOU!

thing of the preserving, unsubHumble Heroes a mission among the Indians of Elk dued AngloSaxon spirit in them Mountain near Moab, baptizing in day. Later converts that one claims at least our admira- (Continued from page 166) fourteen 4 to their the Navajos tion of and asked courage."him came

him to make peace between them

The local mint was known as the to escape with all his brethren. and the Utes.

Deseret Mint; however it was comHamblin's rules for getting along In May 1855, Thomas S. Smith was

monly referred to as a "money mill."with the Indians might well be sent into the northwest to preach to

It was a small adobe building which memorized by all. They would certhe Shoshones, Nez Perce, and Banstood on the north side of South tainly help in getting along with any nock tribes. Hundreds of Indians

Temple Street in Salt Lake City, one, red or white. There were ten came to his little log meetinghouse

approximately where the Hotel rules, but I shall give only the first on the Salmon River, and many were

Utah Garage is now located. Coinfour: baptized.

age of gold appears to have been 1. Never talk anything but truth Benjamin L. Bowen, with his wife

free and unlimited. The October to them. Barbara and their children, packed

5, 1850 issue of the Deseret News 2. Never talk of things they canhis belongings into a wagon and

reported, "We stepped into the mint not comprehend. established a mission at Ibapah.

the other day and saw two or three 3. Never let them see you in a William Lee was given the power to

men rolling the golden bars like passion. understand and to speak the Ute

wagon tires ready for the dies. This 4. Never show fear. language in a sudden, dramatic maniis what makes trade brisk."John Ira Hatch, interpreter and scout festation. He spent six years among

Kay often carried the bars home at the people of this tribe, building a night for safekeeping. At home his log schoolhouse and getting mail

older girls used them for building service into the area.

log cabin playhouses on the hearth. Francis M. Lyman went among

The fivedollar pieces of 1860 the Shoshones of Tooele county and were engraved with a crouching lion the Utes of Uintah county. He

face, an eagle and andupon the side. reverse thebeehive upon A Anybody can become angry—that is helpedtaught themthem buildto readirrigationand toditches,speak

few were struck with mountains in easy; but to be angry with the right English and to farm intelligently.

the background behind the lion. The person, and to the right degree, and Old Indian Weber Tom said once

denomination was abbreviated 5.D at the right time, and for the right of Brother Lyman, "Apostle Lyman

and appeared with the words, "Despurpose, and in the right way—that all time preach, 'sit down, be still,

eret Office Gold."Assay Pure The run.'never Apostle he Lyman is within not everybody's power and don't to thephrase, "Holiness was Lord"sit Apostle 2, 1874, down!"On June

is not easy.—Aristotle in of theinscribed the characters baptized a hundred Goshute Lyman

Deseret Alphabet. Indians in Deep Creek.

Only a small number of coins were There was Bishop Culbert, king of produced with the new dies. As Kanosh, who baptized some 2,000

communications improved, the coins followers of Chief Kanosh during and currency of the United States his time; Mormon Selman, who

gradually became more plentiful labored for twentynine years among territory. the needthroughout The a Indians, of dictionary the making of his southern Utah, companion, and offor locally a produced medium their language; Huntington, Dimick Blythe, considered have been John diminished. graduallyexchange On first of to to learn the with speak one in invaluable helps of settlement the official pathe 26, 1862,February this of area; Indians the Brigham and Dixie. to "Their devotion duty and ofpers mint, the together with some interpreter, Young's Bean, George implicit trust in Providence not was notes, Kirtland weregold dust and of crippled near Indians teacher the surpassed Hamblin, himby Jacob in of the Brighamplaced custody Fort Washington; David Henry self, trials the of during InDixie closed, andYoung. mint was The others. of dozens Cannon, and warfare,"dian writes R. Young. John the of in gold pioneerthe coinage the only have hightouched We these are best the While among officiallySalt conValley was Lake a lights—have few and named the missionaries, of the knowncluded. their over work. whole skimmed The others are equally of deserving

of the missionaries Into the left their praise. All and story homes BIBLIOGRAPHY dians big would require a book—a Trancis Foster, hardship "Money of the Valley."families, underwent and

Era, ( September a Improvement interestingThe one. mighty XXXVI their danger, to book—but did best according 678. page1933),

its article will But this served haveArrington, "Coins Currency Leonard and J. in their capabilities, brought and many Historical Quarterly, Early Vol. Utah Utah."if it purpose has instrumental been into Lamanites 5676. the Church. (January, Wher20 pp. 1952),

attracting attention in to these B.Carter, Pioneer Banks Bankmen. Money, and Kate ever they went, Indians they found ers. of Pioneers, Lesson Daughters Utah forshould it seems, not who, be for January, 1953. in interested tremendously the Book

Creer, Hargrave. of Founding Leland The gotten. an of its to eager and accept Mormon City: Salt Bookcraft, Empire. 1947. Lake

Foster, Francis. "Money

Era, ment XXXVIof the(September,Valley."Improve1933), teachings.

656. page Daniel W. Jones left Nephi to Deseret News1853-59.BIBLIOGRAPHY

McGarry, Sheridan L. ReMoney. Mormon 1. Heart Throbs Vol. the West, of to the preach taking with Moquis, printed Numismatist. from The Historical Quarterly, Utah Vol. 5, No. 1.

Roberts, the B. History H. Comprehensive Young—Gates & Widtsoe. 2,000 him books some on Brigham packed

1, Vol. Church, Century Lakeof City: Dixie Under Sun, Washington County Daughters Billings mules. Press, Alfred K. established Deseret 1930.1, Salt The of News the Pioneers. Utah

174 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Kennecott is creating a shortcut to tomorrow at the bottom of its gigantic Bingham Canyon Mine. It is a

multimillion dollar project, separate from normal mining operations A spiral ramp is being cut to connect the lower levels of the mine with the opening of a 3'6-mile long tunnel that lies beneath the floor of the pit. The

tunnel will be used to eliminate costly uphill haulage of ore and waste from the lower levels of the mine.

On a normal mining schedule, 1963 would be the year for the bottom of the mine to reach the tunnel. But

Kennecott cannot wait until 1963 to achieve something as vital as a reduction in operating costs. Instead, it is

taking a shortcut that will be completed within a few months.

The spiral ramp, big as it is, is just one of many projects under way at

Kennecott to improve operations and reduce costs. Each one is part of a

program Kennecott must carry out to operate successfully in a highly competitive market.

Together they demonstrate a basic principle. Only by the annual reinvestTOMORROW ment of millions of dollars earned

from the sale of copper can Kennecott retain its position as a successful business and an important factor in the economy of a growing Utah.

Utah CopperDivision Kennecott Copper Corporation

PROUDTO BE PART OF A GROWING UTAH

MARCH 1961 175

National Goals and and spiritual goals set forth and disSymptoms of the Need for

Spiritual GuidanceTraditional Values wellcussedin intheboth"Concludingreports is statedWord"veryof

Report: Eisenhower Commission(Continued from page 134) the

goals for very deepest Amer- ( Continued from page 161 "The other living conditions—plus the icans relate to the spiritual health

task of building "an open and peaceof our people. The right of every come by night that he be not seen

ful world."In terms of dollars, the individual to seek God and the wellof his fellow Pharisees. Another

Eisenhower Commission reaches the springs of truth, each in his own person came unashamedly to gain nub of the matter by stating, "If way, is infinitely precious. We must release from her feeling of guilt

attaining the goals outlined in this continue to guarantee it, and we while the Master dined with a group report should require a somewhat must exercise it, for ours is a spiritof men at the home of Simon, the higher level of taxation, can we ually based society. Our material Pharisee. She didn't even mind

bear this level without consequences achievements in fact represent a crying in the presence of others if which themselves make the goals triumph of the spirit of man in the only she could be near one who more difficult to reach?"mastery of his material environcared and offered help without conThe reconciliation of the material ment."demnation, along with suggestions

for future behavior. Others came in

groups to hear and feel the power

As time sweeps toward problems.of his solutions to personal and group

To the Master, communication was a twoway message which aleternity... ways involved a response to a call

for help. Note how his watchful eye

RICHARD L. EVANS quickly identified the following:

1. One who lingered to be alone

Westminster Chimes, which we have just heard, is with him.

somehow a symbol of the swiftly moving seasons, as 2. One who by individual acts of

THE devotion, for his attention. strove eternity. part In toward sweeps what we are SPOKEN time

of opposed, total use of the have 3. One because who outwardly made we we are WORD

time. As Alexis Carrel has so well said: "We keep yet obviously sought to be near him.

within ourselves the organic, humoral, and psychological marks of 4. One whose eyes spoke things

all the events of our life. Like a nation, like an old country, like which the lips could not speak.

the cities, the factories, the farms, the cultivated fields, the Gothic 5. One who was always elbowed

cathedrals, the feudal castles,... we are the result of a history. out of the way and isolated by the

Our personality is enriched by each new experience.... Each "accepted"group.

thought, each action... has definite consequences, inasmuch as 6. Those who came to ask queswe never separate ourselves from the past"1—nor—he might have tions which, on the surface, were

added—from the future. Time is so full, so fleeting, and upon its broad or doctrinal but, to him, were

use depend all the possibilities there are. As he contemplated time veiled expressions of hearts hungry

and his own retirement, Benjamin Franklin said: "I can hardly for love and understanding.

wish any Man better, than that he would seriously consider what 7. Those who pretended, swaghe does with his Time: How and to What Ends he employs it; and gered, boasted hypocritically,

what Returns he makes to God, his Neighbor and Himself for it scorned, abused, and debased.

.... To come but once into the World, and Trifle away our true 8. Those who cowered, withdrew,

Enjoyment of it, and of our selves in it, is lamentable indeed."2 or were selfeffacing.

"The truth is,"offered another observer, that "one's vocation is There are many other examples of never some faroff possibility.—It is always the simple round of veiled expressions of need for perduties which the passing hour brings."3 "Our grand business is,"as sonal counseling. He knew that

Carlyle commented, "not to see what lies dimly in the distance, behavior is merely a symptom of but to do what lies clearly at hand."4 We should "Do today's duty, something negative or positive in a

fight today's temptation; do not weaken and distract yourself by human being.

looking forward to things you cannot see, and could not underAll of us have seen these patterns stand if you saw them."5 All this from significant sources, leads us of behavior and have either been

to ponder a kind of repentance—a repentance which would take us blind to their causes, careless of the

to the better use of time, with patience, with purposefulness, with expressed need, or unable to proceed improvement, not letting the swift moving seasons find us forever with confidence on the one hand; or,

frustrated with unfulfilled intentions, but with an earnest turning we have been prayerfully contoward the better use of another year of life that God has given. cerned and sometimes helpful in

1 Alexis Carrel, Man, the Unknown. producing positive results.

2Benjamm 3J. W. Dulles.Franklin, The Preface, Some Fruits of Solitude. Some of the following statements Thomas Carlyle. have come out unexpectedly after

5Charles Kingsley. talking with those who have only

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the manifested the previous symptoms

Columbia Broadcasting System, January 8, 1961. Copyright 1961. of need for guidance:

176 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

SERVICE SETTLEMENT

FROM FARMERS OF CLAIMSFAST FAIR "I was hopping mad! It was not only the inconvenience "Those Farmers people are certainly efficient.

of the accident, but the delay. I'm a busy man and I And fair, too. As he explained, the other fellow was

don't have time to waste. I'd always heard you got fast no more to blame for the accident than I was. But

service from Farmers, but I didn't know HOW fast here's the payoff! Both of us carried Farmers auto

till then. When he got the call the Farmers man dropped insurance. The Farmers man explained that

everything and rushed over Farmers waives the deductible on both parties, when they are insured by Farmers, -j- 1 FPHON

PEOPLE AT

YOUR SIDE FRIENDLY "The Farmers man took care of everything. And in a

very friendly way. Even offered to take us whei'e

we were going. I like to do business with people like that.

It's the kind of treatment you come to expect from

Farmers. And you always get it. Believe me, I wouldn't

be without Farmers protection for the world."

YOU SAVE MONEY WITH FARMERS! Farmers rates

are generally 20% lower than most other companies* because

Farmers insures only careful drivers. Farmers gives a 10% discount for one year of accidentfree driving. (Not available in

Texas and Washington.) Farmers allows an additional 25% discount on your second car, if you qualify. And your Farmers

auto liability policy automatically protects you against hitand- run or uninsured motorists.**

There's a Farmers Agent in your neighborhood. Call today and

let him explain Farmers low rates, broad coverage. You'll agree

Farmers is the best auto insurance buy in America today!

IN TEXAS YOU SAVE BY DIVIDEND PAYMENTS.

PERSONAL INJURY PROTECTION 15 OPTIONAL IN TEXAS.

Tno WAIVER OF DEDUCTIBLE in TEXAS,

MINNESOTA AND INDIANA.

You are first with Farmers! Auto Life - Fire -Truck

Farmers AutoCALL FARMERSInsuranceINSURANCE GROUP

MARCH 1961 177 "You are the only one I can talk speak because he couldn't get are sinners? She had seen with her

to. through the crowd, and he was too own eyes that all make mistakes.

"How can I get rid of this horrible short to see over. Did Jesus miss Now she was prepared for the

feeling?"this clue to need? Oh, no! He said, blessedness of that glorious message.

"Why should I marry in the "Zacchaeus, make haste, and come "Neither do I condemn thee: go, and

Church when only fellows of other down; for to day I must abide at thy sin no more."(Idem.) Isn't it interchurches pay more attention to me?"house."(Luke 19:5.) This contact esting to discover that Christ left no

"Why won't mother talk to us with the Savior so impressed him one without hope or direction? How

about sex?"that he proposed his own remedy for could he counsel more effectively?

"How can I tell I'm in love?"wrongs he had done, although the It is the duty and privilege of every

"I wish I'd never been born."wrongs were customary in his trade: teacher and parent to learn the

"No one loves me, not even my "... if I have taken anything from Master's art. But, if any of us "lack

folks."any man by false accusation, I restore wisdom,"let us "ask of God"( James

Within the framework of the classhim fourfold."(Ibid, 19:8.) With- 1:5) who has made a path to the

room, we notice that these and simiout third degree tactics or browbeatheart of every youth, boy or girl, and lar questions also come after students ing, but through deep understanding, will give us power to find it by the have been moved, thrilled, or stirred the desired results were achieved. To "Spirit"which giveth life.

by an inspired lesson, talk, or disZacchaeus the Savior said: "This day Our young people want love, but

cussion which has closely touched is salvation come to this house."they also want life and are quick to

their personal inner life and experi- (Ibid., 19:9.) recognize the ring of truth when

ence. counseled. When a student pours

Fourth. Let's observe the Master out the story of that which has filled

again. Remember the woman of the his or her life with pressure or selfstreet who had heard one of his ANTICIPATION accusation, a counselor needs more

messages? How she wept repentant BY MARIE DAERR than clinical knowledge and technitears over his feet and dried them cal terms to fire the young person's

with her long tresses? To her, whose You'd think I would remember all emotions with the inspiration that

heart he knew, he said, "Go thy way The things that April means: will set his or her feet on new safe

will individual the paths help and Imagine! sin no more."and a wall, This Gold, daffodils against

is to envision or the person she he touched sinner had awas whom he.. greens. Soft multishaded to or the she person and he become restored a message which calmwith

selfrespect and confidence. Her And yet, each spring, with fresh wants to be.

tears and kisses upon his feet and surprise Such occasions call for sincere the precious ointment which cost her At seasons turn, I wait—prayer. Pray for the young person.

the responseall bespoke she owned eloquently than A child, with wonder in my eyes, neverMaybe prayedhe has atquitall.prayingTalk toor hasour being moreof her

words. Outside a garden gate! Heavenly Father about and for the

Fifth. For others who need to person. Tell the youth you are counthink or talk their problems through seling how much the Father loves

personally, he skilfully used the rehim. Ask God to give the young perversible "Why?"To some he asked, Sixth. The evidence is that Christ's son strength to do his part and to

"What thinkest thou?"( Matt. 17:25.) reaction to a confessed sinner was reveal a knowledge of divine forgiveHe always listened carefully to the never violent, nor did he ever appear ness when repentance has been

answer. If the thinking had been to be shocked. Rather than scorn or achieved. Remember, a young perclear and the answer correct, he gave condemn an offender, he used wiser son is a bundle of emotions which

the concise direct replv, "... this do, methods. The woman who was come out of experience. Feelings are

and thou shalt live"(Luke? 10:28), taken in adultery whose accusers important to a teen in trouble. No

or "Go and do thou likewise."( Ibid., were clamoring for her life by stonmore sacred experience can come

10:37.) Some protested their love ing—the popular method of dealing than when, through prayer, words,

for him, and his clear answer was, with such offenders—was probably thoughts, and emotions are chan-

"If ye love me, keep my commandstunned to hear him say to the selfneled to God. Prayer can help a

ments."(John 14:15.) Action! His righteous group very calmly, "He young person know that he or she

was the gospel of doing. See how that is without sin among you, let belongs, is needed, is wanted, and is

he suggested a future life of action him first cast a stone at her."(John loved. It can help weld love and

in line with capability, thoughts, and 8:7.) It is interesting to note how understanding between the particifeelings of the counselee. What wisthey all slunk away. Then he asked pants.

dom! Do we in our guidance let the master question, "Woman, where Then, if the person will, let him

folks help decide their future course are those thine accusers? hath no in turn, tell the Lord his feelings—

of action by thinking and talking man condemned thee?"(Ibid., 8:10.) what he wants to do or be. With

their own problem through to a pos- (Note how he allowed her to make mutual love in their hearts, both sible solution? her own discovery—one which he counselor and counselee will feel

Do you recall Zacchaeus, the short already knew, but which she needed close to the Master, and this will be man whose work as a hated tax colto discover and express.) "No man, a golden moment.

lector had ostracized him from the Lord,"she observed. (Ibid., 8:11.) Afterward, keep the channel of

society in which he moved? He had Here was a new concept for her and communication open. A counselor

to climb a tree to see and hear Jesus all of us. Could it be that all men becomes the young person's symbol

178 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Bow to say"! love you"

Give her flowers—and she gets your message,

for flowers speak the language of the heart.

When you want to say, "I love you", "get well soon", "thanks", "I share your sorrow"—say it

with flowers. And to bring the joy of flowers into

your life... the joy of creating a brighter home..

always keep something green or blooming in your home.

Consult your professional florist for best values. ORCHID POTTED POMPON ROSE PHILODENDRON

Flowers and plants may be wired anywhere in the world.

Special Values of the Season./: I SOCIETY OF AMERICAN FLORISTS V?if i,;j/ Say itwith FLOWERS

MARCH 1961 179 For the finest Engineering Education of security and should follow through until he can stand alone. The counselor may be the only one to whom attend the young person can anchor. Therefore, he must keep confidence as a

sacred trust. If he violates it, perBRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY haps the person will never again

come to him, to another, or even unto God., Courses Available in: The youth should be helped to

\ understand the meaning of the

Hi*. Chemical Engineering words, "know the truth and the truth

shall make you free,"(John 8:32)

Civil Engineering and "... by the power of the Holy

Electrical Engineering Ghost ye may know the truth of all things."(Moroni 10:5.) Truly, "the

Mechanical Engineering letter killeth, but the spirit giveth life."(2 Cor. 3:6.)

BYU students are in demand beThe Prophet Joseph Smith obcause of superior training in a served, "The things of God are of fiveyear engineering curricdeep import and only time and exulum. perience and solemn and ponderous

thought can find them out. Thy

mind, O man, if thou wouldest lead a soul unto salvation must stretch

Accredited by the highest educational and professional as high as the utmost heavens and agencies, including the Engineers 7 Council for Professional Development (ECPD).

Heaven is not reached in a single

For additional information write the College Dean, of Physical and Engineering Sciences, bound;

Provo, Utah BYU, But we build the ladder by which we rise From the lowly earth to the vaulted skies, And we mount to its summit round by round.

—Josiah Gilbert Holland

search into and contemplate the deepest darkest abyss and the broad expanse of eternity—thou must commune with God."(From tract: Truth

Gems; "From the Teachings of 04884x

Calf, half circuit, grain Levant New Long Josephents, then,Smith")should Teacherscounsel—notandjudge;partype, Primer modified selfpronouncing.

Concordance. Family Record. Oxford India seek to save—not condemn; offer

paper. 5% x 8 5/s, less than 1"thick. $14.95 hope—not close the door of selfful-

04434x filment. has The method which been

are of Christ printed The words in red in discussed suggestion. is only a Howthis Bible. beautiful Bound in Morocco

grain Calf, half circuit. Brevier, selfpro- ever, the point of view has been

nouncing, blackface type. Concordance. arrived at through many years of

Family Record. 5 x 1V4, only Vs"thick. dealing with boys and girls of ninth

$10.95 to twelfth grades. Guidance has been

A new de luxe Bible with New Beryl an informal and unsolicited part of

Type—small enough to carry anywhere the writer's work, and the conclu01036x Goatskin, half circuit, simulated sion has been reached that where

leather lining, round corners, red under spiritual therapy has been most gold edges. 3Va x 434, only %"thick. wisely used, together with other

familiar, the best and most lasting

India paper Oxford4M $6.50 methods with which we try to be have come. A% Version 01036x results Authorized James King WWkt,

OXFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS 180 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA America's Biggest Zoom Camera Value!

MANSFIELD ZOOM REFLEX MOVIE CAMERA Reflex ThroughThe-Lens Viewing Wide Angle to Telephoto ProWhile Shooting fessional Type Zooms

Focusing Eye Piece Extra Fast f 1.8 Lens

WhisperQuiet Motor No Parallax

Handy TriggerAction Pistol Grip

Included Regular Low Price MeterBuiltin Automatic Electric Eye $ 95

$99.95 NOW ONLY 79

Nothing Down... Only $1.25 A Week!

COME IN or MAIL COUPON NOW!

Camera the Mansfield Zoom send Please me easy I will $79.95. pay on priced at only

terms.

NAME WIFE'S NAME ADDRESS CITY & STATE EMPLOYED BY Salt Lake City: 155 S. Main273 S. Main2190 Highland Dr.

CREDIT REFERENCE Ogden: 2443 Washington Blvd.; Provo: 161 W. Center St.

Idaho Falls: 446 Park Avenue

YOU'RE AHEAD EVERY WAY WHEN YOU INSTALL..

; '1 'a H B! i 111'I i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 '

I 1 IV*fB3h! If!'J 1 1 111 feature for feature

:.jpj no other folding door II

III 'm 'llilH can match it in...

IKH i j llMBwty&jJ:lHi 't nil! I,,i IHBbb BEAUTY

DURABILITY. ADAPTABILITY

ECONOMY A Typical Latter Day Saints Church Installation

we welcome the opportunity to verify these facts CONTACT YOUR L.D.S. DISTRIBUTOR

SPtENDOR OF UTAH, SALT LAKE CITY

Amazing new beauty soft pastel 14 of In a range OR WRITE colors Choice or steel of aluminum Greater fire THE resistance Superior accoustically durable More 'IT S METAL Fingertip less operation stacking space 25% to 50% U@jadljp Easily installed Less More economical maintenance unr Rigid and light weight Any width Heights: Aluminum CORPORATION

WORLDWIDE to 30', Steel to 12'For religious, institutional, comDISTRIBUTION mercial, recreational installations. BOX 71, NEW CASTLE, INDIANA

MARCH 1961 181 The Lord's House The Temple at Kirtland, costing The Old Sow but "fourty thousand dollars,"is to today's indeed, compared modest, (Continued from page 145)(Continued from page 147) heroic but it was temple building, in the highest degree for those Saints cannons the of one was the Old Sow arose, beingsimultaneously moved their call the with answered had who to at Saints the Nauvoo used by invisible an power;upon many by of Lord. this all the to House build

that in the invading check mob hold in to tongues speak andbegan left Kirtland, Saints the When city, the September captured soon viglorious othersprophecy; saw reapostatized and had those who left "old bewas cannon 1846. The Isions; the beheld was Temple and others joined with behind mained the crossed forces that the hind by Ifilled fact angels, dewith which wall in the basement hole cut a and ImRiver Mississippi westward. congregation. to theclared The there, driven cattle to be to permit folk of the mediately some women of the neighborhood camepeople of the cold against protection a shovels around and and took dug together (hearing an unrunning building winters. The severe Ohio it lowering the cannon, and under a bright seeingusual sound and

ill later the to use also by put was fire pillar resting of likelight a upon little is Kirtland. of There people

at astonishedthe were and Temple), thorbuilding the that was doubt conplace. This taking waswhat 7 beauty rather be by adorned would all lost as such, defiled and, oughly

at until closed thetinued meeting jewels. Jewels character than by of signifispiritual its to former claim

Cit., 410- p.m."eleven Op. (D.H.C., charwhile fortune, the are gift cance. of for manifestations, marvelous428;

see Life of Heber C. Kimball, Orson In 1880, in the courts of the land, acter comes from within.

F. Whitney, pp. 103106.) the Reorganized Church of Jesus—Plautus

The ordinance of the washing of Christ of Latter Day Saints obtained title to the Kirtland Temple. Theyfeet was begun in the temple March

later restored it to its former physiApril29. following Sunday, 3, The cal condition, and now use it as a it from covering the mobit to keep Oliverthe and Prophet Joseph place. meeting feedthereafter "Shortly hogs bers. the Savior heard saw andCowdery

the field building uncovered the church was ing upon When thatin the Kirtland Temple who accepted that it has been gun, time and from in the original 1955, renovated the temple in these words: "Behold plaster was removed and replaced. called the 'Old Sow.'

your sins are forgiven you; you are Efforts to analyze it consistently "In the fall of 1846 Major Howard

clean before me; therefore, lift up failed. The "new plaster"applied Egan took the gun from Nauvoo to

your heads and rejoice... I have was an "off white,"the same color Winter Quarters. The Missouri

accepted this house, and my name believed to have been used when the River was then frozen over, and to shall be here; and I will manifest temple was erected. For a time it hide the gun, a hole was made in

of piece ice the the ponderous and this in in mercy people tomyself my color original that the thought was steel to rope a and attached was this of house thehouse. fame And slightly lighter bluegray, a a was to stream. of the the bottom sunk lands, foreign and toshall spread concrete, study but blue than more it of spring salvaged the In 1847 was blessings the ofthis is the beginning that that out underbrought an was it to brought Brigham Young and the shall out upon poured bewhich color. coating first of the Utah,"with company

heads of my people. Even so. The late Elder James E. Talmage pioneers. (Idem.)

Amen."of the Council of the Twelve has OLD SOW LOADED FOR AN

Immediately "the heavens were summed up the story of the Kirtland ATTACK. "On Saturday night,

again opened unto us; and Moses apTemple in this manner: April 24,"reports the camp journalpeared before us, and committed "Within two years following the ist, William Clayton, with the first

pioneer of the gathering company, have 1847, keys us theunto "We dedication, a general exodus of the

.. that are to suspect this good reason Elias apwe. Afterof Israel.

Saints place taken the temand had... Indians. watched The by the the dispensacommitted andpeared

fell into the of soon hands as again, so prepared cannon was At ple of Abraham."the gospeltion of

persecutors. building is yet The to there should case ready in be be great vision "another of this closethe

standing.... the was once What attack."canThis an twowheeled us; vision burst glorious uponand

for Elijah the prophet..."came Temple of God, in which the Lord non had been brought along with

with the keys "to turn the hearts of Jesus appeared in person, has bethe pioneers from Winter Quarters, to the than red to more a awe house, men a but building come whose the children, to the and fathersthe cerleaders shoot them. were The sole to distinction claim the among lest fathers, the to the wholechildren terrible tain that roaring, the and structures built! innumerable man, by curse.'smitten a withearth be fire the of the cannon, smoke and its lies in past."wondrous (The of the keys then committedElijah in especially the nighttime, would Lord, the House 123.) page of to the Prophet sealingthe power off attacks. a pursavage For ward

and Oliver Cowdery. In this March of 1961, let us pause pose, the cannon was always fastThose eight days, March 27 to a moment and recall the great gifts ened with chains behind the trail

April 3, 1836, were the high points bestowed upon the Church in anwagon, which allowed spying red of the Kirtland period of Church other MarchMarch 27, 1836, at men, always upon the trail, to obtain history. Kirtland, Ohio. their own good look at the white

182 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA man's "thunder and lightning musket."There is no record that the

Old Sow was ever fired at the Indians during the pioneer march westward.

The Old Sow was used, however, in Indian wars later in Utah and upon several other occasions when protection of the pioneers was necessary. The Deseret News, June

13, 1908, shows a group picture of fourteen members of the old Nauvoo

Legion surrounding the Old Sow.

They were soon to fire a salute with their old "friend from Nauvoo,"their favorite cannon, upon Flag

Day at Wandamere, Utah, 1908.

Wildcats

(Continued from page 150)

soft, and harmless tomorrow. Our question is, what should we Store Food TODAY

do about our wildcats—those involved in our personal lives as wellas those involved in our leadership for a RAINY Day

activity? One suggestion is given "for he... sendeth rain on the just and on the unjust."

by a lawyer who always advises his A "rainy day* 9 may come to any of us...

clients to have their affairs audited and reappraised frequently in order Illnesses Accidents Famine to make whatever adjustments may Strikes War Shortages Floods be called for intelligently. That is an... the unexpected

even better idea when given a spiritual application. Certainly we should PERMAPAK'S

make frequent and upto-date apNEW FOOD STORAGE PLANpraisals of the condition of our faith 1 1 months buys a year's supplyand our leadership. Only then can $7.40-7.95 per month for

we make effective determination of PERMAPAK food for one person. See our January ERA

about what should be done with any ad, page 13 for details. Send for free catalog, or buy

young wildcats that might be growthrough your dealer or storage group.

ing up in our apartments. Our kittens

may be of a different size, shape, or RECOMMENDATION FOR MARCH color than those mentioned above, (No. 7) Special Price $7.40 - Shipping Weight 15 lbs.

but a wildcat is a wildcat, and we ONE (1) NO. 10 CAN APPLE SAUCE NUGGETS.

should have a full awareness of its potential destructiveness. Delightfully delicious! Makes 147 3-oz. servings. Keeps

Highly versatile. Less than 2c per serving. many years. of arise beour problems Many

little space. LowMoisture. Takes

triflecause with wrong. we Even

the weakest of us frequently feel sure ONE (1) NO. 10 CAN DATE NUGGETS.

that we can handle any situation Easy to use. Economical. Rich in natural sugars and

result.that may We may therefore other nutritive values. Long storability. Recipes indevelop overconfidence an which 'ttUCOETBATS cluded.

will lead to our downfall. Most of

us do not sufficiently fear the evil TWO (2) NO. 10 CANS POTATO FLAKES

which, if allowed to continue, can No peeling—Instant.

quickly reduce our effectiveness and No cooking—Instant.

faith.destroy our Instant.—No waste.VH0JS It was profound wisdom that led Each can 84 3.2-oz. makes

Xenophanes to say, "I confess myservings. i/'

self the greatest coward in the world, for I dare not do an ill thing."And

when we honestly feel that way, we will have largely solved our wildcatproblem. PERMAPAK3106 South Main—Salt Lake City, Utah

Food Storage Specialists Prices F.O.B. Salt Lake City—Subject to Change Without Notice

MARCH 1961 183 REMARKABLY COMFORTABLE NEW*DESIGN Mass Communications being covered by the news gatherer.

also that remust remember editors WOOD (Continued from page 157) Weporters are only and human

FOLDING beings, subject to the same biases

CHAIRS unlessaffairs cannotthey arebeawaremade ofbythecitizensfacts beingsand prejudiceshave. Thesethat biasesother humancannot

CORONET thatthat makeis passedup a offsituation.as objectiveOpinioninwhenhelp showinga reporterthroughselects occasionallyhis facts or

220 formation may very well be slanted, an editor blue pencils a story or biased, distorted, or absolutely unchooses between two stories. Furtrue. As a result, citizens who canther, these same reporters and editors

not differentiate between facts may also be victims of a conscious accurately reported and the grinding or unconscious pressure from the

NOT ON IT of an axe by a prejudiced party find owners of the media—a pressure that

themselves unknowingly coming to may cause them to follow a less than conclusions without the benefit of an objective line. So it is that these

accurate picture of a given problem. pressures of time, space, prejudice,

It should be added that very few of and owners make it difficult under of to the circumstances present best will us to recognize able ever be rigid No sag or of truth the in a neatly packaged bit single of every unall propaganda, DESIGNsway—permanently"A"FRAMEcradles constructionyour figure CONTOUR

STACK HIGH. Won't rock. They "nest"firmly truth, or hidden opinion that will bundle.

Silent and SIMPLE CLOSING ACTION. positive come through the agencies of mass Returning to the original assumprails or channels No noisy

PADDED FOAM SEAT. Boltaflex cover communication. Some of the matetion that truth and freedom cannot

colors of Choice 14 separated, rial apparent it becomes is too subtle the for even combe finish satin Durable wood. RICHLY GRAINED citizen is that the individual specialist, as much munication but if we don't Especially suitable for Relief Society rooms

or other extra "nice"areas. recognize most of it, then we will responsible for ascertaining the truth

Would you like a demonstration? eventually become a manipulated as is the media for reporting it. The

in Write for the dealer your orea. people. platitudes and cliches about protectjfc Pats. Pending

In theory, all news media in the

United States draw a sharp line beNORQUIST PRODUCTS, INC tweentorial opinions.their newsThiscolumnsmeansandthatedi-a

CHANDLER STREET, JAMESTOWN, NEW YORK political conflict could be reported Bless me in this life with but peace fairly and objectively even though of my conscience, command of my the editorial opinion of the publicaaffections, the love of Thyself and tion or broadcasting agency was on my dearest friends, and I shall be side of the issue. that one The fact Now Available this theory of "the sharp line"behappy enough to pity Caesar.

tween news and opinion is not—Sir Thomas Browne

1960 Improvement Era practised perfectly by the entire

Index American press is one of the reasons for raising the question here.

Readers and viewers should also

Make your Era's marvelous be aware of the fact that those who ing freedom, liberty, and democracy reference volumes by binding make the news or furnish the news may grow tiresome, but they are are probably even more responsible nonetheless vital when applied to them complete with the index than the media for the distortion or the press. Democracies cannot operfor your home library. muddiness that ends up in the news ate without a free flow of information

columns. Although this gives the uncontaminated by the machinations

Bound volumes of the Era are media someone with whom to share of those who would dishonestly sell the responsibility for a poor performus something or secretly try to mold also an invaluable part of ance, it does not relieve the media of our political thinking.

your ward library. their basic responsibility to furnish In order to help check on the

an honest and accurate report of truthfulness of that flow of informaGet your 1960 Era index by events. And this applies to advertistion, we must keep in mind the

ing as well as news. guides previously mentioned and

sending 10 cents to cover Deliberate dishonesty should not several additional ones:

handling costs to be discounted as a factor in this prob- 1. Reputation and performance are

lem, but as far as the news media key factors in judging one of the are concerned, it is not nearly so mass media or an individual who

The great a factor as some of the inherent writes or speaks.

Improvement speedcharacteristicswith whichof the press.news mustThe verybe own2. Checkknowledgethe messageof the facts.against your

Era doorgatheredto errorsand processedin fact as openswell asthea should3. Onebe channelchecked againstof informationanother.

50 North Main Street shallow perception of many events In other words, don't limit yourself

Salt Lake City 11, Utah

184 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

WHAT IS AN

just to the media that happen to The drawing shows an Enzyme enfollow your philosophy. larged 3 million times. They are com-

4. Always consider the integrity posed of minerals and proteins. They

of the source of the information, and are a lifelike substance, being sensiif the source is not named, reserve tiveF. willto airdestroyand light—Enzymes.109 F. to 160

your judgment until more facts are in.

All life depends upon these vital Enzymes. Be

5. Look for clues in any questionsure you supply an abundance of these in the

able message that will reveal the foods you serve your family.

motivation of the source or the media. Less than honest motives By preparing your meals the "Food Magic Champion"way you will save up to onehalf

many times go with distorted mesthe time and approximately half the money you spend on food at the present time, and sages. you will be supplying food with many times more Enzymes.

Sorting the wheat from the chaff The FOOD MAGIC CHAMPION way is a wonderfully delicious way to live the Word of in the daily harvest of mass comWisdom.

munications is not an easy task. It juices—Most efficient juicer in the world. Bushel of Tomatoes—10 minutes.

demands that we examine individual Fruit Sauce—Any fruit. Bushel of Apples—20 minutes.

food. your on $150.00 Healthier baby—Save Baby Food—in greater with depthmessages and

ice for Snocones. salads, Shaved Special Foods—Shredded perception, make andmore that we

decisions only after a careful examSave onehalf on nut butters, cream soups, fruit ination of all the facts. candies, sherbets, fruit ice cream, sprouted wheat

With this responsibility for searchotherbread delicious,(from wholenutritiouswheatfoods.seed). Hundreds of

ing out truth comes another one that in the long run may be even For demonstrations or literature phone or write:

more important. The unfulfilled reStuart Wheelwright Nutritionsponsibility of the great majority of

citizens is an active participation in Products improving newspapers, magazines, 3747 Quincy Avenue movies, books, radio programs, and Ogden, Utah television broadcasts. The content

of the communications media will Phone EX 9-2503 Representatives Wanted never rise much above the level of See it demonstrated during spring conference at Z.C.M.I. in Food Department.

the consumer. Distortion, carelessness, sex, crime, and violence will

remain a part of the media that appeals to the mass audience just as long as the majority of the audience allow it. All this

The duty of Latterday Saints in this is clear. objective, Demand

Insist reporting. that and more,complete

opinion and news be separated, and that opinion be not disguised. Speak including a

out against false and misleading adAssociated Press vertising. for Call the an end to A. P. Wirephoto Washington, D.C sex, corruption, andemphasis on

tragedy of the mass in many media. Chicago Daily News bureau, leased to reaction this suggesYour first

tion may well be that it is a hopeless Chicago Tribune task that the and something teletype to lone Dow Jones Businessindividual about. can do nothing

Financial and true.Fortunately, this is not A News cover the

letter tothoughtful, constructive a York News New newspaper, advertiser, or television network does have an effect. Then New York Times Intermountain

imagine the effect of a thousand Reuters Worldwide thoughtful letters written by presArea and 200 ently inarticulate citizens who also United Press want truth and morality in their mass International News correspondentscommunications

The time has long since passed for laying to rest the fiction that the assure good news individual has no control over his society.environment in a mass His K\- coverage bycontrol is as great as his willingness

to search for and demand truth. prjAJt-r.

i& *z=Z*Z—r- tali fake iftibtine

'*.. -.-. '"\.\ P\c'A

MARCH 1961 185

Z LCHIZEDEK ESTHOOQ

fin

Its NaturePRIESTHOOD

We who hold the Melchizedek Priesthood possess but there are differentsortions or degrees of it."

the greatest power and authority there is on earth. (Joseph Fielding'mUhXmchings of the ProphetDo we really comprehend what God has given us? Joseph Smith, p. 180. ) Also: Its institution was prior

How much of the basic philosophy of priesthood do to "the foundation of this earth, or the morning stars w# actually understand? sang together, or sons of God shouted for joy,'and

JTo aid in orienting those who bear the Holy Priestis\the highest and holiest priesthood, and is after the hood, we urge a careful study of the following itemsX orer of the Son ot God, and all other priesthoods are

Suchmight well be done as part of a regular quorum only parts, ramifications, powers and blessings belongbusiness meeting. ihgo the same, and are held, controlled, and directed

byUr {Ibid., p. 167.)

1. What is priesthood? Thus there is only one priesthood, but there are

There are two standard and accepted ways of dedifferent orders of priesthood, and it is common to fining priesthood. One speaks of priesthood as it speak of each of these orders of the priesthood as

relates to and is held by man on earth; the other a priesthood. (D&C 107:1.)

includes this concept of priesthood but also speaks 3. What orders of priesthood are there in the

of priesthood authority as it operates in eternity. Church?

As pertaining to eternity, priesthood is the eternal "There are two divisions or grand heads—one is the

power and authority of Deity by which all things Melchizedek Priesthood, and the other is the Aaronic exist; by which they are created, governed, and conor Levitical Priesthood."(D&C 107:6.) The Meltrolled; by which the universe and worlds without chizedek Priesthood is also known as the greater or

number have come rolling into existence; by which higher priesthood, the Aaronic Priesthood as the lesser

the great plan of creation, redemption, and exaltaor lower priesthood.

tion operates throughout immensity. It is the power 4. Whence come the names Melchizedek and

of God. (Brigham Young, Discourses of Brigham Aaronic?

Young, new ed., p. 130; John Taylor, The Gospel "Why the first is called the Melchizedek Priesthood

Kingdom, p. 129. is because Melchizedek was such a great high priest.

As pertaining to man's existence on this earth, Before his day it was called the Holy Priesthood, after priesthood is the power and authority of God delethe Order of the Son of God. But out of respect or

gated to man on earth to act in all things for the reverence to the name of the Supreme Being, to avoid salvation of men. It is the power by which the gospel the too frequent repetition of his name, they, the

is preached; by which the ordinances of salvation are Church, in ancient days, called that priesthood after

performed so that they will be binding on earth and Melchizedek, or the Melchizedek Priesthood....

in heaven; by which men are sealed up unto eternal "The second priesthood is called the Priesthood of

life, being assured of the fulness of the Father's kingAaron, because it was conferred upon Aaron and his dom hereafter; and by which in due course the Lord seed, throughout all their generations. Why it is

will govern the nations of the earth and all that percalled the lesser priesthood is because it is an aptains to them. (Joseph F. Smith, Gospel Doctrine, 5th pendage to the greater, or the Melchizedek Priesthood,

ed., pp. 136200.) and has power in administering outward ordinances."

2. Is there more than one priesthood? (D&C 107:2-4, 1314.)

No. There is only one God and one power of God. 5. Where do men get priesthood?

Joseph Smith said: "All priesthood is Melchizedek, From God and from him only. "And no man taketh

186 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Source, and History

this honour unto himself, but he that is called of God, of all living in this day, and to him was given the as was Aaron."(Heb. 5:4.) In the actual bestowal of dominion. These men held keys first on earth, and

the divine authority, Deity acts through legal adminthen in heaven."(Teachings of the Prophet Joseph

istrators whom he has chosen and empowered to Smith, p. 157.)

confer his priesthood upon worthy men. In the early ages of the earth's history the priest-

6. Upon whom does the Lord confer priesthood? hood was not confined to a few only; great numbers

Upon those chosen by him to serve as ministers of of brethren held it. To use Alma's language, "there

his gospel! For instance, the twelve in ancient days were many, exceeding great many,"who held this

were told: "Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen power and exercised it in righteousness. (Alma 13:10you, and ordained you"(John 15:16.) That is, breth12.)

ren do not choose their positions or places in priest- 8. Was the priesthood enjoyed by the Saints in the

hood; rather, they accept what is given them and primitive Church?

serve where they are appointed. It most certainly was. Throughout the whole New

From the beginning worthy Saints have been chosen Testament we read of apostles, seventies, elders, to hold the higher priesthood, as Alma expressed it, "on priests, deacons, and so forth. Their duties are defined;

account of their exceeding faith and repentance, and their powers given; their responsibilities summarized,

their righteousness before God, they choosing to retheir relationships to each other set forth. There are

pent and work righteousness rather than to perish."whole chapters in the book of Hebrews that deal al-

(Alma 13:10.) most exclusively with the relationship between the

From the days of Aaron to John the Baptist, the Melchizedek and Aaronic orders.

lesser or Levitical Priesthood was confined to the 9. What happened to the priesthood during the long

Levites. As Joseph Smith expressed it, during this night of darkness when the gospel was not on earth?

early period of the earth's history, the hereditary naThere was no priesthood among mortal men during ture of this Levitical Order "was in active operation."that period. The very absence of the priesthood made

(Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, pp. 318319; the apostasy complete, for without that priesthood

D&C 84:18, 2627, 30; 107:13.) Since then the Church which "administereth the gospel"(D&C 84:19), the

has been organized on a different basis and the affairs of the Church and kingdom could not be reguAaronic Priesthood has been spread out among worthy lated according to the divine will.

members of the kingdom generally. When the last man holding the keys ceased to

7. Do we know of any righteous men who have reminister among mortals, there was no one left who

ceived the priesthood after the holy order? could authorize the performance of a valid priestWe know of many so honored. Joseph Smith taught: hood ordination. It follows that when the generation

"The priesthood was first given to Adam; he obtained of men then holding the priesthood all passed away,

the First Presidency, and held the keys of it from there were none left with whom the divine power generation to generation. He obtained it in the Crearested. The priesthood, according to the promise, had

tion, before the world was formed, as in Genesis 1:26, been "caught up unto God."(Rev. 12.)

27, 28. He had dominion given him over every living Hence, if the power of the priesthood was to rest

creature. He is Michael the Archangel, spoken of in again with men, a restoration was needed.

the scriptures. Then to Noah, who is Gabriel; he Next month we will carry this study on, considering

stands next in authority to Adam in the priesthood; particularly the restoration of the priesthood in this

he was called of God to this office, and was the father day with its various and divers offices.

MARCH 1961 187 To win an Individual Aaronic Priesthood Award with a hundred percent seal is a fine accomplishment. To get seven

such awards and seals in as many years is marvelous.

Such is the record of Harry W. Jones

of the Twentysixth Ward of Pioneer (Utah) Stake.

During the years he was eligible, Harry had a hundred percent ward teaching record. He served as president of his

deacons and teachers quorums and as

Harry W. Jones counselor in the ward YMMIA. He has

been active in the Church athletic proEmerson T. gram.

McOmbeTEmerson T. McOmber of the Palo Alto

Second Ward, Palo Alto (California) Stake has had a seven year perfect attendance record in priesthood and Sacrament meetings and has received seven Aaronic Priesthood Individual Awards. He is the son of

THE RESPONSIBILITIES AND BLESSINGS Mr.ing toandPaloMrs.Alto,G. E.heMcOmber.lived in theBeforePocatellocomOF A QUORUM ADVISER Ninth Ward where he began his fine

record.

To be a quorum adviser in the Aaronic Priesthood consEmersonand teachersserved asquorums.president Heof hiswasdeare-

is a real challenge. To be a successful one requires cently ordained an elder and is now a

vision, patience, tact, faith, the ability to keep confimissionary in the British Mission.

dences, the desire to succeed, and the capacity to love and understand boys.

The quorum adviser's work is not limited to the weekly quorum meeting. It extends into many activities and requires many hours of study and work

every week. The adviser visits his boys in their

homes. He sits around the campfire in the mountains

with them. He plays with them on the ball field or

basketball court. He wins their confidence, love, and

respect. He makes their problems his interests and

guides them to wise decisions. He keeps before them

worthy goals in life and gives them incentive to reach after those goals. He is concerned not only with their

spiritual welfare but with their physical, intellectual, and social development as well.

The effective quorum adviser knows each boy in his quorum. He knows his desires, aspirations, and

interests. He lives so close to each quorum member

that he can detect any tendency toward delinquent activity.

He knows the natural urges of the age group with whom he is called to work. He controls these urges

and puts them to useful advantage in building the character of each member. He recognizes the individual differences, and he challenges each one to set

worthy goals and to exert himself to excellent performance.

A quorum adviser should be a good character diagnostician, and, like the good doctor who cures the ills of the body, he must wisely prescribe for spiritual illness.

The responsibilities of being a counselor of young men are tremendous but so too are the rewards for such service. They are among the greatest blessings

that God gives unto his children.

188 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WARD SCHOOLS IMPORTANT FOR SENIOR MEMBER ADVANCEMENT

The school program for senior members of the Aaronic A welldirected school will unify its members and

Priesthood and wives has been a powerful medium for give direction to learning and activity. In such a

helping men to qualify themselves for advancement in school, the strength of the group becomes the strength the priesthood. Such schools have been very successof each individual in the group.

ful both in rural and urban districts. They lean on and support each other in reaching

Participation in school classes helps men to overout for worthy goals and in overcoming individual come inhibitive fears that often keep them from weaknesses or undesirable habits.

active Church participation. It provides a psychoSenior members participating in groups usually adlogical, competitive challenge to each participant that vance faster than those who are worked with by

gives group strength to individual conquest. It affords personal contact only, and they often maintain a

the opportunity to teach the principles of the gospel social group status when they become elders.

and to give men responsibilities without their feeling We urge all ward bishops to provide schools for that there are personal implications. It is a means of senior members and their wives. We urge, too, that

integrating a group into a working unit with a com- a close followup be made with bishop interviews, mon objective and with the incentive and power to cottage meetings, and assignments. The results will

reach it. be rewarding.

WARD TEACHING SUPPLEMENT

read,t,m96i THE BOOK OF MORMON

"... Thus saith the Lord God; Behold, I will take the unto you, by the power of the Holy Ghost."(Moroni

stick of Joseph, which is in the hand of Ephraim, and 10:4.)

the tribes of Israel his fellows, and will put them with Its restoration has, to the chagrin and embarrasshim, even with the stick of Judah, and make them one ment of some and to the blessings of others, fulfilled stick, and they shall be one in mine hand. other great prophecies.

"And the sticks whereon thou writest shall be in The book was to be the voice of a humbled people thine hand before their eyes."(Ezekiel 37:1920.) and would speak "... out of the ground..."and

This marvelous prophecy has been literally fulfilled "... low out of the dust,..."To the righteous the

in our day. The Book of Mormon, the stick of Joseph, voice would be '... as of one that hath a familiar

is in the hands of Ephraim. The vast majority of the spirit,..."

membership of the Church of Jesus Christ of LatterThe Prophet indicated that the book, part of which day Saints are of Ephraim. It has been united with was sealed, would be delivered "... to one that is

the stick of Judah, the Bible, as a witness to all the learned saying, Read this, 1 pray thee: and he saith,

world that Jesus is the Christ and that his unchange- I cannot; for it is sealed:

able gospel is the only and everlasting plan for the "And the book is delivered to him that is not salvation of mankind. learned, saying, Read this I pray thee: and he saith,

The Lord, with purpose, restored the Book of Mor- I am not learned."(Isaiah 29:1112.)

mon simultaneously and in connection with the restorThis prophecy was fulfilled when Martin Harris ation of the priesthood and the Church. It has been presented a copy of some of the characters from the

and is the greatest missionary aid of this dispensation. golden plates to Professor Charles Anthon of CoIt is a book that offers a test of its own divinity to lumbia University. When told that part of the plates

all who will prayerfully read it. were sealed, he said "I cannot read a sealed book."

"And when ye shall receive these things, I would The book was given to the young and humble Prophet exhort you that ye would ask God, the Eternal Father, Joseph Smith, Jr., who had little formal education,

in the name of Christ, if these things are not true; and and he translated it by the power of God.

if ye shall ask with a sincere heart, with real intent, And concerning the book the Prophet also said:

having faith in Christ, he will manifest the truth of it "... for the wisdom {Continued on page 199)

MARCH 1961 189

Mathematics in today's family is a strange science. Sometimes one

and one make three; sometimes four, five, or even more. Then the

time comes when subtraction takes over. That first one to subtract is

the hardest sum of all to do. Your grand total (family) minus that

first child to leave the nest is a tug at the heart hard to contemplate.

No matter how many times you say during the years, "I will not tie my apron strings too tight; I'll learn to let go easily,"it is never quite

as you had anticipated. That subtraction started is first noted by an

empty bed, a little less washing and ironing to do, a little less happy noise around, more time for the rest of the family in the bathroom—

but one less toothbrush in the rack, not so much stooping to pick up clothes left where they were taken off, one pair of hands less to help with the chores, one less person at family prayers, and one less place set at the dinner table. There is an adjustment to make,

but it is a happy one, if you are sure the child leaving has found a wonderful mate to start all these mathematics again in her own little home.

One day soon the table is set for two again. You run out of children

so fast! A new era is about to begin. It shouldn't be too hard to

look back through the years and remember the thrill of the honeymoon days, the happy dinner time with the two of you seated across from each other at a candlelighted table; the anticipation you felt when the

time of day arrived for him to come home; the doing of dishes together,

then sitting side by side reading, studying, and planning of the future today.s family

throughout the evening hours. This time has come again, and the Florence b. pinnock. editor

thing that will keep it bright and full of young joy is that sharing and studying and planning together again. Build castles in the air, spend

every minute of each hour thinking and planning for the happiness of the other one. Honeymoons are made of just such materials as

thoughtfulness, understanding, courtesy, and unselfishness. This

being "a couple"again holds many newfound delights. Again you

have more time to be "a person, an individual, a sweetheart,"then there are the happy snatches of time out of some days when you are a grandmother, and again gay young sounds come ringing through the house. All in all being "two"again can be an exciting time.

It is so hard to cook for two when you are used to filling your pans to the brim for every dish you prepare. Leftovers are good up to a

point, but monotony soon sets in. So let's prepare some recipes with

just two in mind. These two, of course, can be a bride and groom, a

grandmother and grandfather, two girls in an apartment sharing living expenses, or maybe even two fellows batching it together. Anyway

we all must eat, so why not do it graciously with attention paid to nutrition, flavor, balance, and refinement?

When we are just "two,"it is so easy to become careless in our meal planning and cooking. Very often the easy thing to do is to

buy food that can be quickly prepared. Steaks and chops become

favorites because it's easy to order "two, please,"but soon, buying this way, our food budgets suffer, and the meals become monotonous.

Larger cuts of meat can be used to good advantage if plans are made to utilize each part of the roast in a different way for each

MARCH 1961 191

successive dinner. Soups, stews, goulashes, chili con carne, breads, and

cakes, etc., can also be cooked or

Your bakedand frozenin largeforamountslater meals.and dividedOne

she goes on I know what binge."Waiting womancalls a "cooking mornOne

ing she will get up just wanting to Money cook, so cook she does all day. The

results of her day's work will furnish Works for food for her and her husband for a meals. says, dozen She have "If you You at

freezer, cut a any recipe down, why just cook it all and freeze in mealsize portions."So if you have a WESTERN

freezer, you may cook as much as you always have, storing what is SAVINGS left over. But let us plan here how

we would divide and use fresh, larger cuts of meat.

If you buy a half ham, plan on using it some way every other day until it is all gone. First, have the

Put your waiting money to work with a Western butcher cut off the hock end for

Savings saveby-mail account. Western Savings, in split pea soup or lima beans, then

Salt Lake City, pays the postage both ways. Western have him cut a middle slice for

also pays you 4% for your money, compounded broiling and a couple of very thin the to Federal insured $10,000 by semiannually and slices for eggs, then and leave ham Insurance Corporation, agency an Savings and Loan the rest to bake. This baked ham All States saved the United by of Government. money

left over the special from baked 1st the the earns of 10th month. of the from the month ham dinner can be used in so many

You Get the Very Most at Western Savings ways.

Open your account Rice Casserole (for two) today. Use this % cup rice coupon. convenient

1 teaspoon butter tomatoes cup % SAVINGS WESTERN 1 ham, cup cooked cubed SALT CITY. UTAH LAKE

Vz green pepper chopped Enclosed is my check money ( optional order for S Please open a WESTERN 1 can shrimps (or less) savings account in the name of: 1 teaspoon parsley Name SAVINGS Vz onion, cut fine

2 cups water (if a joint account put second name here) \Vz teaspoons flour

Address WESTERN SAVINGS AND LOAN COMPANY thyme, salt, garlic powder, tabasco,

FIRST SOUTH 45 EAST DOWNTOWN OFFICE: DRIVE and Worcestershire sauce to taste. HIGHLAND OFFICE: 4989 City State COTTONWOOD

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Melt the butter, add flour, tomatoes, onion, green pepper, and ham.

Cook a few minutes, add water and seasonings and rice. Cook until

rice is done and most of the liquid is absorbed. Fold in the shrimps

( THE CENTER OF \ and serve in a casserole for two.

\ CONVENJENCE / rt*,.*-.V NEW AMERICA Ham and Vegetable Salad ( for two Cooeq4 motel

ROOMS cup cooked ham, cubed %. 320BEAUTYBEAUTIFUL

MAINSALONAT FIFTH BARBERSHOPSOUTH.,* Vs carrots, cup cooked diced

V2 cup diced celery 2 tablespoons chopped green pepper % cup cooked elbo macaroni salt lake city mayonnaiseMix all ingredientsto moistenlightly.slightly.Serve Nw...

192 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA chilled on lettuce and garnish with I OHV1sliced ripe olive. Z

Ham Balls (for two) "V.\

1 cup ground baked ham xk cup grated raw potato pepper 1 teaspoon chopped parsley Vz beaten egg (use other half to fold into the cooked sauce) fat % teaspoon gkJUa/ IV2 tablespoons butter met* 2 hard cooked eggs 1 tablespoon flour 1 cup milk lk teaspoon dry mustard Yes, you and your husbandto-be and a ZCMI wedding make a perfect

Combine the first five ingredients. IzkBrnX \f combination. Call on our years of wedding

Mix and shape into small balls. g*3j5|f I \ \ \ experience and our many bridal services

Brown in the fat. Melt butter, add I 1 S \ to help you prepare for your

flour and milk, and stir until smooth. wonderful wedding day.

Add the mustard. Add the ham balls

and sliced eggs, and fold in the other half of the beaten egg. Put in a casIn our Bride's Shop you'll find

serole, sprinkle with crumbs, and a treasury of lovely gowns and heat in a 325 degrees F. oven until all the help you'll need in plancrumbs are brown. ning every aspect of your wedding from the invitations to the

Ham Souffle (for two) cake.

At the ZCMI Wedding Gift 4 teaspoons butter Registry you coordinate all the 4 teaspoons flour beautiful items for your home.

milk cup% 1 egg, separated gownsShown inis oneour ofcollection:many exquisitenylon

1 teaspoon minced onion organdy with bouffant, floor- % cup ground baked ham length skirt and Basque bodice.

$45.00 Melt the fat in a double boiler.

Add flour, then the milk, stirring conZCMI Wedding GiftThirdRegistryFloor stantly. Cook until thick. Pour over ZCMI Bride's Shop

beaten egg yolk, add onion, and cool. Second Floor

Add ham and fold in stiffly beaten egg white. Bake in a greased casserole set in pan of water at 375

degrees F. until cooked.

Try serving thinly sliced grilled ham and eggs for supper sometime ': -..

with a tomato casserole and a large tossed green salad topped with bleu cheese dressing. This can be almost

party fare.

Now let's buy an oven roast for

Sunday dinner. Buy a four or five

pound sirloin tip roast. Enjoy a

typical oven roast dinner being careHome Study ful not to roast the beef to the well 8 courtw in done stage. The left over meat is CHURCH HISTORY AND ORGANIZATION

L.O.S. THEOLOGYmuch more appetizing if the roast /

has been cooked to just medium or SCRIPTURE rare.

HOME STUDr

Provo, a freeChop Suey (for two) Please Brighamsend Young University UtahHOME STUDr 1 onion sliced very thin catalog to

V3 green pepper, cut into slivers Name

Address City State

MARCH 1961 193 2 teaspoons fat V-2. cup carrots, very thinly sliced

y-i cup celery, cut in slivers % cup thin beef gravy 1 cup cooked beef, cut in thin strips

Soy sauce and salt to taste

Brown slightly the onion and green pepper in fat. Mix in the celery and

carrots, add the gravy. Cover and

simmer 5 minutes. Add the meat and

seasoning. Heat thoroughly. Serve

over cooked rice or fried noodles.

Beef Spaghetti (for two) % cup ground roast beef 1 tablespoon butter Surround Ljour5elf With (73ecLutu 2 green onions, sliced 1 teaspoon minced garlic (if dePRATT & LAMBERT PAINT and VARNISHES sired ) 1 cup canned tomatoes IMPERIAL WASHABLE WALLPAPERS Salt to taste

WALLTEX dash of pepper, celery seed, Worcestershire sauce, and oregano

LADY HAMILTON MIRRORS 3 ounces thin spaghetti y3 cup shredded sharp cheese SALT LAKE GLASS & PAINT CO. Melt the butter, add onion and

"Decorating Center of the Intermountain Area"garlic, saute lightly. Add the meat

330 East 4th South Salt Lake City, Utah and stir until lightly browned. Add

—See your local Pratt & Lambert dealer—all other ingredients but the spaghetti and the cheese. Simmer for

about an hour.

Cook the spaghetti in boiling, just until salted tender. Drain water

sauce. to the out of touch? /*** well and Simmer add

for a few minutes adding more tomatoes if needed. Just before serving, blend in the cheese.

Hash Pie (for two)

1 cup cubed cooked beef 1 cup cubed raw potatoes 1 onion, chopped fine 1 tablespoon chopped parsley

Thin gravy or bouillon to cover.

Season to taste with salt and pepper.

Mix the ingredients together and cook until potatoes are just tender.

Add the parsley and put into a deep catch up on the news of casserole, cover with pie crust and family and friends by long distance bake until crust is brown in a 375 degrees F. oven.

—Remember,even lowerrateswhenare youlowestcall afterstationto-station.6 P.M. and all day Sunday servedThe groundin a dozencookeddifferentbeef mayways.be

variety Mountain States Telephone Changeof herbs theandflavorspices.by Don'tusing aoverlook

a dinner using the roast beef slices cold with a horseradish sauce and

DRINK The most economical food wrap servedtables withcookedtwo untilor threetheyfresharevegejust

Fic9 A delightful you can use:! tender.Fish has its place also in these

hot beverage for those who don't drink coffee. KITCHEn CHfiRm

AT YOUR GROCERS WAXED PAPER

194 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA dinners for two.

Salmon Baked in Sour Cream (for two) Open a xh pound can of red salmon. Vanfelust?

Drain off the juice. Place the cylinder Learn as you go

of salmon in a small shallow pan. LOW COST TRAVEL

Pour V2 cup of sour cream over it. FOR ANYONE 17 TO 70

Sprinkle with chopped parsley and season with salt and pepper. Bake EUROPE BIBLE LANDS

at 375 degrees F. for just 15 minBRITISH GENEALOGICAL

utes. HAWAII

SOUTH PACIFIC -FAR EAST A dessert that always delights is STUDENT FOREIGN RESIDENCE an assortment of cheeses in combina- * Experienced B.Y.U. directors

tion with different fruits in season. * Optional College Credit

What could be a nicer ending to a k L.D.S. companions and standards

meal for two than this? Vary your

choice of cheeses. Try using Edam, For Information Contact

Rouquefort, and wedges; Camembert TRAVEL STUDY BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY cheese, milderor if you like choose Provo, Utah

Swiss, American, or Philadelphia

Cream cheese with crackers.

Two can be company at any meal but never a crowd. This being two

again can be fun. in SALT LAKE CITY it s

CORRECTION Part of the recipe for Banana MufHOTEL UTAH fins as given in the February issue,page 121, was inadvertently omitted. and MOTOR LODGE

Following is the complete recipe.

Adjacent to historic Temple Square

Banana Muffins Close to outstanding scenic attractions

V4 cup butter iIKafc* 1 cup sugar Featuring the beautiful new 2 eggs 1 teaspoon soda ROOM 1 teaspoon baking powder...yearround roof garden restaurant

Vs teaspoon salt Your choice of downtown locations:2 2/2 cups flour

UTAH HOTEL LODGE HOTEL UTAH MOTOR 3 large ripe bananas, mashed telewith with conditioned radio, rooms air conditioned rooms 1 50 air 500 smooth pool, vision, ice convention circulating water, swimming TV garage and Vz cup water facilities for persons. adjoining up to 1500 lobby, Coffee Shop.

1 teaspoon vanilla Cream the butter and sugar toWrite or phone DAvis 8-91 14 for reservations Max Dean, Manager gether, add the eggs and beat slightly. Sift together dry ingredients.

Add with bananas, water, and vanilla. Fold in 1 cup of nuts. Bake

20 minutes at 400 degrees F.

ADVICE

BY RUBY ZAGOREN It looks like cream

Sing! the birds will hear -pours like cream

And, imitate your song;

Soon the hills will ring. -tastes even better!

Your song lasts all day long.

MARCH 1961 195 Beth. It's aspirin a psychological COAT The Road Back tablet. I it's true. Anyhow, Maybe and

HAT RACKS (Continued from page 155) havebles. noI havetime plentyfor otherof people'smy own, trouand efficiency Bring checkroom

to the church and Sunday School. in Keep wraps

orderly dry manner—aired, an assistant to the probation officer, I hope"Goodnight,to beat Jeff,"them shemy said.own way."

press". "in and wall Court,"Juvenile Beth said. calling. for "Goodnight. Thanks in racks WMlength to any come

fit; in trouble?"4 spaced coat hangers "Bobby and isn't sorry about I'm he but Judd, foot. spaces per running on Mount She nodded. "About wall at desired for the height each age group. worry, believe your three months worth me."

5'2"Checker Portable DF550 The accommoago."off into drive her the watched He large goes people, dates 50 needed on wherever

Serious? casters. ballbearing-swivel the Answers wraps clustering gloom. Suddenly he was in for vestibules problem, or dinners, meetings, "Attempted Efficient, etc. fireproof sanitary, tired. quality and burglary."very discouraged, He felt

for lifetime built service welded, of heavy whistled. gauge Jeff alone, alone than ever more he had steel tubular columns. square with

parents said are dead,""His Bulletin Write for CK690 life, Beth, felt hospital. in his the even in

units for Wardrobe every church need sister. his "the married lives with boy street the bolted door and including portable umbrella He locked and

for overshoe racks entrances, only the During was and war—he at his stared fourand hands—calloused, for racks storage robes. to quit school work. teen—he Made torn. for? grimy, was What What CO. VOGELPETERSON for a boy. very good Thenmoney of it? the use had he come People Check The Room Why

Rt. 83 and Madison Street Elmhurst, Illinois no more war job, no more 'big back to Cardiff; why had he picked

to high school back he went his grandfather's old building? out [1IIIIIBI1I! money';

it. jobs. Tried odd Never and hated Questions pounded Why?

at them."very long [HBHHIBKHHI worked in his brain. turned out the lights and He

Jeff, "I might "Big money,"mused upstairs wearily. walked Throwing

have known."himself on his cot he counted stars

"Bobby reports to me,"Beth said, in the warehouse ceiling, stars which

give him another chance, you Won't 'T don't know,"Jeff mumbled, "I it."needs9(omsL fflaL* BRAND Jeff?"by court order. He doesn't like it. weren't there. He just don't know."

The young man flushed under his Tense nerves gave way to exhaushospital tan. "I can't afford to pay tion and he drifted into sleep.

a shirker. Your problem child isn't "Clinkbrrrng!"

Seedless any good, Beth."Jeff sat up on the cot, tense, wideRAISINS "But he's so young, Jeff."awake. Beside him, the window

"No younger than some of the opened above the alley. The night

the army."with me in air below, was breathless. Down The World's Finest Raisins boys

different, wasn't it?""That was with the instinct and Jeff knew

He laughed bitterly. "It certainly senses he had brought back sharpfrom

is a spoiled I'm afraid was. Bobby Islands, Pacific the something—lllilBllllllllBHIlil took crying they because awayFRESNO HOME PACKING CO. FRESNO, CALIF. brat someone working perhaps—was

his lollypop."tively in the dark. IBlBBBBBllHIEIIHSBil fur-

"You're very hard on people, Jeff.""Cling!"A muffled, metallic echo!

He nodded. "Maybe it's because Jeff jumped off the cot, forgetting

EXCITING ADVENTURE! I've had to be to save myself."He his bad leg. He sprawled headlong

floor. his artificial boiled leg at within on the Anger and looked down BEAR RIVER

isn't him. Beth. climbed the "This winced. down much fun, He

CAMP FOR BOYS It's been hard to accept."cautiously, silently, and openedstairsthe

alley. into the door see in He could car. "I started the came She down 5 000Acre dark. the one there. He slipped No to care to a meetto if you'd go ask

Western Wilderness ing with me tonight."outside, waiting for the sound again.

1018 came. Jeff crawled crabfashion For Boys Camp "What meeting?"he asked suspiIt

the alley, past the pianoware- down ciously. Outstanding Curriculum

Qualified Counselors "The Cardiff Juvenile Welfare house,and pausedthe bakery,in thetheshadowdrugjobbers,behind

Write or call for free catalog Committee. It's about a new sumthe rear of the Transco Bus Station.

Box 26 Foothill Station mer camp. Part of the plan to fight The station was closed—it was after

light burned inEL 9-8103 juvenile"I'm prettydelinquency."busy,"Jeff mumbled, midnight—andside. no

Salt Lake City 8, Utah "not tonight. Sorry."Jeff crouched against the stucco

"So am I,"she said, "but I've been wall of the bus station, and he could thinking, Jeff, that the best way to feel his heart thumping and the

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS accept a handicap is to help others perspiration running down his face.

with theirs. Maybe you are strong. He peered around the corner of the

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple Most people aren't, or at least they building toward Jackson Street and sore throat and other minor mouth aren't strong unless someone is on his jungletrained eyes picked out a and throat irritations. their side."squat figure hunched over the lock in

He nodded. "I've heard that one, the side door of the bus station.

HALL'S REMEDY Salt Lake City, Utah

Mia0-i:i:i|>-!n

196 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a

Again he heard the sharp tinktank she has troubles of her own. Perhaps

of metal working on metal. if you had a regular job and saved

Jeff growled under his breath. A your money and did a little studying

belated car roared down Jackson in your spare time things might work

Street and for one miraculous moout."

ment its headlights caught the side "I hate school,"said Bobby glumly.

of the building and the man crouch- "When I was working at the factory ing against the door. Jeff gasped. I made good money. I liked that."

He knew that figure. "That's all over. Forget it."

It was Bobby Judd. I can t.

Scrabbling in the alley dirt, Jeff's "Yes, you can. It was a bad time, The FINEST...fingers found a halfbrick. He threw not a good one. We make the good

it in a high arc towards Jackson times ourselves."Jeff limped the BRIDAL GOWNS

Street and the missle skidded across circuit of the loft floor. The big FORMALS

the pavement with a shocking crash. room echoed. He came back to the DRESSES

Jeff could sense Bobby's panic, and pool of light and looked down at the LINGERIE he knew that the boy's head was boy on the bed. "I never had a young

turned away from him now, alert brother, Bobby, and maybe I need and tense, facing the street. one now as much as you need a big

Jeff patted his artificial leg and brother."

smiled grimly in the dark. "Don't Bobby sat on the edge of the cot

fail me now,"he whispered and, and grinned happily. He seemed to

bracing himself against the wall, he relax all over.

charged like a projectile, on the "I need help in the bike shop,"horizontal—the old Moseby for a few Jeff continued, "someone I can trust 38 South Main Salt Lake City

seconds, not the crippled Moseby. and depend upon. You'll do."

"After what happened?"

RATIOCINATION "Why not? But there's one condiBY DONNA DICKEY GUYER tion."

it nodded. The boy what "I know TAT to CAL I'llThe details of the income tax which is. to school, have to go back eh

make one furious, Jeff?"CALIFORNIA TEENAGE TOUR

over someone else's shoulder "That's right."10 FunFilled Days

make one curious. "Sure,"said the boy, "I'll sign up at Disneyland

the night school."Live on Fraternity Row—U.S.C.

Jeff smiled and put his arm Knott's Berry Farm his shoulders. his around the out of Jeff felt wind come

... "You colin a swoosh.victim wet Bobby,"Bobby began, "I never MovieBeach StudiosParties

lapsed on the ground, gasping. Jeff knew people were like this, Jeff."Pacific Ocean Park

scratched around for the tools—"Quite a few are. Don't forget—

flash, keys, a small file, a wire hookwe're partners."AND MORE

stuffed them into his pocket, and "I won't. You can trust me, Jeff."Keith White and Fred Lange

L.D.S. Schoolteachers street. in the said goodbye They his shoulder.hoisted on Bobby Judd wives and their will act as supervisors reflecwatched him go, smiling alley the with his Jeff downHe staggered

burden, carried the boy into the loft tively. Bobby's walk had changed Contact Esther James Tours

and lowered him gently upon the from a furtive shuffle to an indeSalt460Lake7th City,AvenueUtah cot. Jeff wasn't tired any longer; he pendent stride. Jeff listened until the Phones: EM 3-5229, EL 9-8051

knew what he had to do now. footsteps died. Then he locked up

The boy's eyes opened. He looked and went back to bed.

into the lamplight and winced. Jeff On the following evening Beth

saw fear there—the fear of a small, Cary called at the bike shop. "You're

trapped animal. Suddenly Jeff felt coming with me,"she announced

flatly.a strange sensation—sympathy. "Yes'm,"agreed Jeff. DEVELOPEDFILMSand PRINTED "Where am I?"

"Never mind, son. I had to hit She stared at him in mock alarm.

you pretty hard. Otherwise you "Why, Jefferson, you're so agreeable.

might have gotten away, and I can't What's wrong?"PER ROLL

run.""Nothing at all,"said Jeff, settling

Roll Bobby Judd knew. "Oh,"he said, down in the seat, "I need a vacation For any 6, 8 or 12 Exposure B &W

"Mr. Moseby... I...."in the country. Let's go."JUMBO PRINTS only 354 per Roll

"What do we do next?"They left the city behind. The GENEALOGY PHOTOS

The boy stared at the ceiling. "I setting sun spread a great fan of NEGATIVES MADE of OLD

don't know."color across the sky. They came to PHOTOS, 604 each. PRINTS

"I'm not sure it's absolutely neces- a small river, and Beth guided the of NEGATIVE, 44 each sary to turn you in to the police,"little car into a gravel road which Send coin only—no C.O.D. s

Jeff grinned, "and as for your sister, twisted through pleasant woodland MoneyBack Guarantee

SAM'S PHOTO LAB P. O. Box 1115 Dept. AA Salt Lake City, Utah

MARCH 1961 197 TYPEWRITERS especially suitable for and finally emerged on a toy bluff. Starting Habits

Beth stopped the car.

this,""I said, she found pointing GENEALOGY WORK into lofty glen a with framed! "the right site for the summer camp SAVE! trees, (Continued from page 151) for children. What do you think?"anything actually that rabbits like,

25% to 60% "Can it be bought?"and he didn't do things in the way

on Factory Rebuilts "Yes."that rabbits do them, and it brought

PORTABLES - STANDARDS "Any money?"him considerable trouble. But it had

ELECTRICS "Not enough."a happy and satisfactory ending, becan raise can't more, we?""We finally that rabbit realized cause the Write For Free Literature with She looked at him an just fine for rabbits, habits are impish rabbit

Sdihsup/iL Qnc. smile."Why"We?"not? Jefferson Moseby, ingaftera all,greatand dealthat byhe hadnot beentakingmisshis

Cardiff businessman, engages young of crisp, daily green lettuce quota

Business Machines and Supplies in fundraising campaign. Mr. Mosecarrots. lengthy and nice

757 So. State by will do tricks, speak speeches at I do not mean in any sense to

Salt Lake City 11, Utah the drop of two hats, beat drums, strike a flippant note here. But this

and otherwise perform for the is an apt example, for the rabbit was

DISCOUNTS cause."She laughed and grew suddenly ignoringAnd, it ishisto truebe noted,naturethatcompletely.many aUP

TO serious. "Bobby came Judd the does being same thing. to see human TO ao% FOLDKING gave me today, me partnerJeff. He indicated for habits are But right

ship in a certain secret—something mankind, too. One of these right

which happened last night."habits is daily prayer. We need it

Jeff shrugged. like the rabbit needs his daily diet of

"Bobby needed you—or someone lettuce and carrots.

like Jeff."you, TABLE K-3 disNO. is the gist of a The following

MASONITE "I TEMPEREDPLASTICIZED TOP needed him, too."He looked at cussion teacher gave a philosophy

TABLE LINE FOLDING her with a grave smile. "For a long me some years ago. I'd like to share social Kitchen committees,

groups, attention! Directfrom- time I figured that I—and others like it here:

factory discounts in casualties the only the "It is vital for habits up me—were us to have to terms.—Churches, 40%prices Clubs,—Schools, Lodges and bitter, pretty Beth. I was war. And the to blessed Divine. by The way organizations. Our new Monall

FoldKing roe a Folding But there were 1961 now I see lot of start in bewith the very them is

Tables Banquet are unmatched casualties—like SomeJudd. Bobby his ginning, putting into our quality, durability, good conven- 7 MODELS. for

ROLLING. ience and appearhandsome SMOOTH, sizes. thing can be done."day by invoking him in our first STORAGE. ance. 68 Models and EASY HANDLING,

1961 BIG FREE—"Something will be done,"whisawakening thoughts with praise and CATALOG

line tables, chairs, table and chair trucks, pered Beth. thanksgiving that it is true that he Color pictures. Full

platformrisers, portable partitions, bulletin boards. 53rd year. Jeff shifted his good leg, prodded is so; that it is true that all his good

THE MONROE CO., 249 Church St., Colfax, Iowa his bad one with the blonde wood is designated for us.

cane, and shrugged. He regarded "Most of us have worked out an

the bad leg with tolerance, as an early morning routine so we can get

to the comes a dark end of started. breakfast "A man begins I suppose WHEAT MILL alley,old friend. to our work on time or get our day Beth. he turns around Then days; most newspaper the morning

ONLY and walks back into the light again. is the starter for a big percentage;

$695 people,Fresh air,and sun,the rightthe kindrightof kindlife. of.. themanybreakfastplaces. cerealBut isthereimportantare anin

POSTPAID it was dark in there, it was cold and amazing number of homes in this ANYWHERE successful, of ours, the first nourAMERICAIN hard,little believehorrible.me—bitterHatred andis horriblegrim, a happymodernhomes,world where

or grinds Cracks wheat, corn and... revenge, resentment, all the rest ishment of the day is through the

all kinds of hard of it. Now it's gone. All gone. word of God. After all, it is his day.

soft grains, or T/2 lbs. per min. There's a life to be lived, and it's got It is his gift to us. It is almost

GUARANTEED to be lived the right way or it isn't startling to see what the words of good."any can the Psalmist man's do to modern SPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS

started the car. day, Beth old going whether he is to some

into of the glen. routine looked job Jeff or whether one down he be He PEHRSON HARDWARE future. a children designers the of the saw saw newest model He

2102 SOUTH 11th EAST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH altrees; truthful simple, playing the under and car—these words:

though it was only the wind among ''This is the day which the Lord the leaves tonight, he heard the hath made; we will rejoice and be

PEWS,PULPITCHANCEL sound of voices, laughing, singing, glad in it'(Psalms 118:24.)

shouting. "Try it a month. Try saying this FURNITURE for every to town,"day he said. "Let's go back a month as you swing for Free catalog j write in of done."out with "There's the morning work bed to be AND LOWDIRECTPRICES

J.P.Redington&Co.

DEPT. 10 SCRANTON 2, PA.

198 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

enthusiasm and kneel to ask the Lord DISTINCTIVE BINDINGS to bless your day. This phrase

carries its own guarantee. This I For a Permanent Reference of the Improvement Era

can say: It can make a great difference in those thirty or thirtyone

days ahead of you. X or 12 issues in hand-

"Put his seal on your day. Stamp

it with his name which is the same some covers only $3.30. All

as calling it good. It is bound to orders should be accomcarry that quality through. Start panied with 12 Improveyour job with him. Dedicate one

moment to him—and the next—and ment Eras and payment in

the next. They will become the best advance, plus postage for

moments you have ever known! return mail.

They will become purposeful, fulfilled, worthwhile. And at the day's

ending?—You will find yourself encircled with uplifting strength which The West's Finest

comes from him. Then you yourPrinters and Bindersself can proclaim in heartfelt sincerity: 'This has been a good day!'

Deseret {News The Presiding Bishoprics Page ".>

( Continued from page 189) 33 RICHARDS Sf\ Press

EM 4-2581 of their wise men shall perish, and SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH the understanding of their prudent men shall be hid."(Ibid., 29:14.)

over a century For a quarter and unbelieving tried in Samsonite CHAIR BUYER'S GUIDEmany have men vain to explain away the divinity of the Book of Mormon. They have

sought without success for inconsistencies and contradictions. This

book has survived the acid test of critical scrutinizing.

The introduction of the book, written on its title page, gives a concise statement of its contents and purpose. "Wherefore, it is an abridgment of the record of the people of Nephi, and also of the Lamanites—Written

to the Lamanites, who are a remnant of the house of Israel; and also

to Jew and Gentile—Written by way

of commandment, and also by the spirit of prophecy and of revelationWritten and sealed up, and hid up unto the Lord, that they might not

Samsonite chairbe forth destroyed—To come by the

line 1961 assembly Mj'ist offgift inand power of unto the God terpretation thereof—Sealed by the HOW LONG SHOULD A FOLDING OHAffi LAST?hand of Moroni, unto and hid up

the Lord, to come forth in due time The chair on the left was one of the first Electrically welded tube steel. Arched cross made by Samsonite—bought in 1946 braces. by Bonderizing for rust resistance.by interpreway of the Gentile—The American Post Legion Detroit, 190, Mich. chairs These are engineered of for yearstation thereof by the gift of After God."15 years of use at meetings, dinservice. years? Legion many Ask Post How

The Book of Mormon should be ners, etc., this chair (with 299 others by 190. Though one of their original 300 chairs

is still still used, still sturdy, comneeded a minor adjustment, they haven'tread studied. It is and the word

is of fortable.Samsonite) 's Samsonite big What secret? had to replace chair a Samsonite yet. butGod, only to those read it. who n church, club, school, For other group

seating information, see your Yellow FiV"l tV?"

write: or Yellow Pages Bros., InShwayder Po fl.>

stitutional Seating Division, Dept. IE31, Detroit 29, Michigan. Samsonite FOLDING CHAIRS

MARCH 1961 199 To be absolutely A fouryear old singing "God Bless honest about it, America"gave us this version: "Stand

what we want most beside her and guide her, through in a new car is us. the night with a light from a bulb."

Our days are like identical suitcases—all the Teacher: This essay on "Our Dog"is word

same size, but some people can pack more into for word the same as your brother's.

them than, others.—York Trade Compositor Small Boy: Yes, ma'am; it's the same dog.

If people knew how hard I have had to work to gain my Darling, I've made up my mind to stay home.

mastery, it would not seem wonderful at all.—Michelangelo Too late, George—I've made up my face to go out.

The finest test of a gentleman is A man can fail many times, hut his respect for those who cannot he isn't a failure until he bebe of any possible service to him. gins to blame somebody else.

If Moses had formed There are few instances of loneliness a committee, the more outstanding than that of a motorIsraelites would still ist who suddenly finds himself going mr be in Egypt. the wrong way on a oneway street. -is*

It wouldn't be so bad if civilization were at the Caller: What a cute little baby! What is he saying?

crossroads, but this is one of those cloverleaf jobs. Father: I don't know. His mother has the code book.

Were you trying to catch that taxicab? Many a tombstone is carved

No, I was just chasing it ofthis corner. by chiseling in traffic.

200 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA t I I I I I f THIS IS A VERY BUSY HONEY BEE I

MAKING HONEY FOR NABISCO II I / SUGAR HONEY GRAHAMS I / And that's a job that takes lots / of honey. Because so many ffI people eat so many Nabisco

I Sugar Honey Grahams. BecauseI

1 they're the graham crackers % made with pure country honey \ and real graham flour. Extra

delicious and extra nutritious. \\ America's favorite betweenmeal cracker. Get them in the

economical 2-pound package. *

NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY

Life is a series

. We can't choose our parents!... But we can choose our college (JJ CrlUlCtsO

and our mates... our way of life how we take advantage

of our opportunities..

More and more families every day are finding that they choose wisely when they spend part of their income for a Beneficial Life Planned Futures program. As your Beneficial Life man will

quickly point out, it isn't really spending at all, it's an investment in your own future.

Onehalf billion dollars of life insurance in force

BENEFICIAL LIFE ymntemee onwa/iu.. and how we spend our money.

Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah