#r Be prepared for the best in education

Students desiring to attend Brigham Young University have an DATES TO REMEMBER important date to remember this month. April 30 is the deadApril 22—Application deadline

line for new applications for admission to autumn semester for May 13 American College Test.

1967. Students transferring from other colleges have until July April 30—Deadline for submit31. Also, all new freshmen must take the American College ting applications for autumn

Test. The test will not be given again before the application semester admission to BYU.

May 31—Deadline for submitdeadline, but because some students have been unable to take ting applications for first

it, BYU will accept scores of the May 13 American College term of Summer School.

Test. You have until April 22 to apply for it with your high June 5-10—Special workshops

and conferences.

school counselor. Nevertheless, your application must reach June 12July 14—First term of

BYU by April 30. Although enrollment is limited, BYU wants Summer School.

good scholars, and if you qualify, be sure to take the necessary July 15Aug. 17—Second term

of Summer School.

steps, including investigation of housing and financial possiSept. 1213—New student orienbilities. An education at BYU is something special. High acatation.

Sept. 14, 15, 16—Autumn semesdemic standards combined with physical and spiritual training ter registration.

in an ideal social climate add up to a superior education. Sept. 18—Classes begin.

Brigham Young University P R O V O UTAH Memo to Our Readers: The Voice of the Church

April 1967

This year marks the 100th anniverRegular Features sary of the opening of the Salt Lake conference was 45 The Era of YouthTabernacle—generalheld in that wonderful old pioneer 62 The LDS Scene

building for the first time in October 66 Teaching: The Techniques of Doer Teaching (part 2), Ernest

1866. In commemoration of this hisEberhard, Jr.

toric event, the Era is devoting part of 84 Today's Family: Step Softly into Spring

this issue to articles and pictures on 87 Home, Sweet Home the Tabernacle, organ; choir, guide 88, 90, 94, 100 The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L Evans

service, and other features of Temple

Square that have helped attract world89 The Church Moves On wide attention and made the square a 92 Buffs and Rebuffs mecca for visitors to Utah. One mil95 Best of Movies, Howard Pearson

lion three hundred and thirtyseven 96 Melchizedek Priesthood: Authority in the Home

thousand people visited Temple Square 98 Presiding Bishopric's Page: Strengthen the Bridge Between Adult

in 1966, and untold millions listened Leaders and Youth to broadcasts of the choir and organ 100 These Times: The Law of Families, G. Homer Durham

and saw or heard the telecasts or 104 End of an Era broadcasts of general conference sessions. 100th Anniversary of Opening of the Tabernacle

On Temple Square today, the new 2 The Editor's Page: Temple Square, President David 0. McKay

mingles with the old. A newly com- 4 Bring on the Lumber, Stewart L. Grow

pleted structure, the Visitors'Center, houses much of the art developed for 10 Opening of the Tabernacle, Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

the Mormon Pavilion at the New York 14 Tabernacle Organ, Jay M. Todd

World's Fair, as well as new paintings 22 Focal Point for Important Events, Eleanor Knowles designed to interest and tell the story 26 Tabernacle Choir, Mabel Jones Gabbott of the Church to visitors. Some of these 32 FullColor Photographs of Temple Square

are reproduced in full color in this 34 The Era Asks: What Do Tourists Want to Learn at Temple Square?

issue. Others will appear in later

42 Popular Tales issues.

Our cover is from a painting by Dale Special Features

Kilbourn and illustrates one of the 40 Dispensations of the Gospel stories that have been told over the years as to how President Brigham 44 Family Movie of the Year

Young envisioned the shape of the 59 When a Hero Meets a Queen, Millie Foster Cheesman

Tabernacle roof. 73 The Restoration, S. Dilworth Young

76 Joseph Smith, Popularizer or Restorer? (part 2), Milton V. Backman, Jr.

70, 80, 104 Poetry Managing Editor Era of YouthF. Editor;Price,Editor;MabelStaff ElaineArtist.Jones Cannon,Gabbott, EraJay M.of Todd,Youth Editor;General AlbertMarionArtL Zobell,D.Director;Hanks,Jr., NormanResearch B.DoyleArtPinnock,Director;L Green,Today'sRalphManagingFamilyReynolds,Editor; DavidEleanor0. Knowles,McKayEditor; andKeithEditorialRichardMontague,Associates;L Evans,Era FlorenceofEditors;Youth Associate

Verl ContributingF. Scott, BusinessEditors.Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Acting Business Jr.,FranklinGeneralDirector;S.Manager;Harris,ThayerJr.,FlorenceHughEvans,S.Nibley,Jacobsen,S. GlennSidneySmith,AssociateB. Sperry,AdvertisingGeneralAlma Manager;Representatives.A. Gardiner, G.G.ManagerCarlosHomer andSmith,Durham,Subscription

Saints, of of Latterday and Christ the 1966, by of Church Association Improvement Superintendent, Young General price, TheSaints. reserved. Subscription of $3.00 Christ Latterday Men'sof Associations Jesus MutualChurch The Improvement

price; for single threeyear a year,publishedcopy, the inexceptadvance; a All to year, rightsJesusadded year succeeding years, $2.50 35$ $8.25;of 3 each years, subscriptions. $5.75; 2 Mutualmultiple

issues. special

Associations. for rate of special in section mailing provided at postage 1103, for Acceptance matter. Utah, as secondclass Improvement Office, Salt Mutual at Priesthood Quorums, Lake the the organ of 2,City, July authorized 1918. Enteredof act Post1917, October System, and School Church Committee, Committee, Music Teaching OfficialHome

for paid are on Manuscripts acceptance and contributions. must is for be unsolicited but welcomes responsible manuscripts not Improvement The Saints. of Latterday Christ of of Jesus Church other agencies The

for return. delivery sufficientEra and postage by accompanied

of issue the slip a recent magazine. from Address include address address. please ordering of change, notice required days'a is well included. the changeold one forthe unless as Whenas City, new address cannot be madeis State, Salt Thirtychanges Offices, Era South Lake Utah 84111 79The Improvement

April 1967 IVinfile Sciuare

Temple Square is indeed the To attend general conference in the Tabernacle,

The Editor's Page physical focal point of The as we do each spring and fall, Latterday Saints come 1 *s Church of Jesus Christ of Latby bus, train, automobile, and airplane. In the vast

lkr**fvlMB terday Saints. throng are men and women who, in years gone by,

ft & wt'!9 Here tourists and visitors came to conference in vehicles drawn by horses and

come to see and hear the story mules. In my grandmother's day, she and others, on

of the Church from our guides. more than one occasion, walked thirtyfive to fifty

Here members come to be miles to Temple Square, and "sang all the way"! But

By President joined as eternal families in no matter what the means of conveyance, the signifiDavid 0. McKay holy temple ordinances. cant thing is that for a century now in the Tabernacle,

Here, in upper rooms of the temple, the General and previous to that in other buildings of the Church,

Authorities meet often and receive inspiration and members have come from all parts of the Church to guidance for leading the Church attend conferences.

Here, in the Tabernacle twice each year, General Although dropping a pin has been associated with

Authorities meet with Saints assembled for general demonstrating the acoustics of the Tabernacle for as conferences. long as I can recall, when I was a junior member

Here the Tabernacle Choir has sung on the radio of the Twelve, vigorous speaking in the Tabernacle networks since 1929 and has enriched our meetings was the order of the day. We had to stand at the pulpit

and gladdened our hearts since pioneer times. The and literally shout. Older Church members will reTabernacle Choir has attained, through merit, outmember how, years ago, when radio was comparatively

standing recognition as one of the great choral organinew, some loudspeakers in the Tabernacle were apparzations of the world. It merits the gratitude of all ently controlled by the same switches used by radio

members of the Church. I do not know of another station KSL, switches that did not seem to work unless

choir in the world that gives so much time and finan- a broadcast was in progress. When we were broadcial means in their service as do the members of this casting, those seated in the Tabernacle did not have

choral group. to strain to hear each word. Now for many years our

The Salt Lake Tabernacle is now completing one very whispers are ofttimes taken by electronic fingers hundred years of use. This fall the historic structure and literally flung around the earth.

will begin its second century of service. Today millions may invite the image of the TaberImprovement Era

nacle, its music, and its speakers into their own living rooms, just by turning on television sets that are properly tuned. In a similar manner, a human heart

must be properly tuned to receive the glorious restored gospel.

Whenever I see Temple Square literally overflowing with Saints and know that there are additional thousands who would like to come, I wish there were some way to provide room for them in the Tabernacle.

Whenever I see the Tabernacle crowded to capacity, which is often, I have a reaffirmation of the strength of the Church. It is a fact, as you know, that if you

have a moving body and you increase its speed, the momentum becomes great. If you add weight to that

body and increase its speed, the momentum is still 1 ( greater. That is what is occurring in the Church—1 1 IEgreat body of members moving with an acceleration

never before known to the Church. There is nothing 1! 1 (

that can stop the progress of truth, except our own 1 ] 1 1 weaknesses or failure to do our duty. - ) nr

The Tabernacle—the Salt Lake Tabernacle—I cannot

1, i ever recall thinking of it as just another building of

...., 1wood and stone. In my parents'home, at my own 1

fireside, and in the family circles of my children, the i i

Tabernacle has always been as a cherished friend. I i [ 1

am pleased to join with members of the Church and all our friends throughout the world in wishing for the Tabernacle in its centennial year continuance of its mighty mission on the earth. O

April 1967 William H. Folsom, Church architect in 1860's.

Henry Grow, an architect of the Tabernacle. )?r

$& President Young in a sermonTsmmm urged the men owning sawmills to Bring on the Lumber and the carpenters and joiners to come help use it up.

The Building of the Tabernacle

By Stewart L. Grow

Illustrated by Sherry Thompson

Photos by Eldon Linschoten & Lorin Wiggins

The completion of the Great Tabernacle for October conference of 1867 produced both wonder and gratitude—wonder because of the success of the unique

Dr. Stewart L. Grow is director, Institute of Government

Service, and professor of political science and history at

Brigham Young University. He wrote his masters thesis on

the building of the Tabernacle and is a greatgrandson of

Henry Grow, one of the Tabernacle designers and builders.

Brother Grow is a Sunday School teacher.

Improvement Era

Sprinkling system can immediately extinguish a fire.

I Cracked timbers were bound together with rawhide.

and daring design; and gratitude because the Taberan elevation in the floor of 16 ft., which will give every

nacle provided the Saints with the first indoor "meetperson in the house good opportunity of seeing the inghouse"large enough for conferences. For over speaker, which is always desirable. Between the piers

thirty years, they had been obliged to hold conferences will be openings for doors and windows, which can on outdoor "meeting grounds,"in overcrowded halls, be thrown open at pleasure, which will make it cool or in openair boweries. and pleasant in summer and warm and comfortable in

It was during April conference of 1863 that Presithe winter.

dent Daniel Hammer Wells, second counselor to "The sides of the building outside will be 45 ft. high

Brigham Young and the Church official in charge of from floor level to eaves of cornice. Roof, quarter

public works, announced, "Right here we want to pitch with attic in centre, 50 ft. wide by 150 ft. long,

build a tabernacle to accommodate the saints at our on which will stand three octagon domes or ventilators.

general conference... that will comfortably seat some "The arches will be formed with lattice work 9 ft.

10,000 people."(Journal of Discourses, Vol. 10, p. 139.) deep in the smallest part, with an increase in the

Even the pioneers, used to great undertakings, must centre and outer end, forming and corresponding with have been somewhat startled by the size of the prothe pitch of the roof. The roof will be selfsupporting

posed tabernacle, whose construction was to be underwithout a pillar.

taken in an area that was not yet served by a railroad "It is the intention to have it enclosed this fall, and and in which nails, bolts, and other commonplace when finished will seat nearly 9,000 persons."

building necessities were most difficult to obtain. Although work started out energetically in 1863,

However, in his talk President Wells left no time for little was done except the laying of the foundation hesitancy or doubt; he promptly proceeded to divide and the starting of work on the rock piers, or columns,

the city into districts for the contribution of labor that support the roof. The red sandstone for the piers

and supplies. President Heber C. Kimball, Elder was quarried in Red Butte Canyon, just above Camp

Orson Hyde, and President Brigham Young, in suc- (now Fort) Douglas.

ceeding speeches, also supported the building of a The cornerstone was laid on July 26, 1864, but work tabernacle. progressed slowly and was confined to the completion

Action quickly followed. By April 18, surveyor of the piers. No further progress was reported until

Jesse W. Fox was on the temple block surveying for September 1, 1865, when Henry Grow was placed in

the tabernacle foundation. By June 3, the foundacharge of the project and he and a small group of men

tion was nearly completed. Progress was so good, started work on the roof.

and interest so high, that the Deseret News printed on Reasons for the slow progress up to that time are

June 3, 1863, a general plan of the proposed taberlost in the past. It may have been that the tremendous

nacle, which had been furnished by Church Architect volume of timbers and lumber needed for the structure

William H. Folsom: had delayed it. However, an even more probable

"Dimensions on the ground, 150 feet wide; 250 cause may be found in the fact that a change was

feet long, with semicircle ends making one hundred made in the plans for the roof, which is a major part feet of straight work on sides of building. The roof of the building. It will be remembered that the first

will be supported by 46 piers 2 by 9 feet and 20 feet published plans, quoted above, provided for a building high, from which an elliptic arch will be sprung of with a large attic, a quarterpitch roof, lattice arches 44 ft. rise. From floor to ceiling, 64 feet; width in of varying widths to conform to the shape of the roof,

clear, 132 feet; length 232 ft. in clear. There will be and outside walls 45 feet high to the cornice. In the

April 1967 Assembly Hall viewed from Tabernacle.

Wooden dowels wedged in tightly hold the timbers together.

finished building, none of these items is present. It process resulted in effective reinforcement of the

appears, therefore, that the plans originally announced weakened spots. ( The building is checked periodically,

by Church Architect Folsom were modified. It is and the rawhidestrip reinforced timbers are still in

not known whether Henry Grow, who is credited with excellent condition.) By the application of such inbeing the architect of the building, formulated the genuity, it was possible to construct the huge roof

original plans announced by Folsom and then changed arches with no nails and only a few bolts. Although it

them, or whether Architect Folsom or someone else was slow work and little progress seemed evident durcreated the first plans, which were changed in favor ing 1865, it appears that considerable effort was of Henry Grow's. concentrated on preparing the roof arches, because

Prior to joining the Church, Henry Grow had been with the coming of spring in 1866 work on the roof a bridge builder in Pennsylvania. When he joined the went forward rapidly. The center, or northsouth,

Church and moved West, he procured the right to use arches were first put in place; shortly after they were

what he described as the Remington patent of lattice firmly lodged, the sheeting of that section of the bridges. He used this patent successfully in building roof was commenced. By June 21, 1866, the Deseret

bridges across the Weber and Jordan rivers, and it Neivs could report that the "sheeting of the roof of was for this reason that Brigham Young asked him to the new Tabernacle was beginning to glisten in the build the roof of the Tabernacle after the same lattice strong glare of the sun."After the center arches were

pattern. The relationship between Henry Grow's in place, President Young directed that the west end

bridges and the type of construction in the Tabernacle be constructed next, because he had now decided that roof can be observed in photographs available of the the organ should be built there.

two structures. By April conference of 1867, it appeared possible

The design and construction of the arches was the that the Tabernacle could be completed by the next most difficult part of the building. They were reOctober. This possibility made the completion of the

quired to span a width of 132 feet without any pillars Tabernacle a favorite subject of conference sermons.

to support them. They had to be constructed pracBecause of inclement weather, the first session contically without nails or bolts or steel bracing. The vened in the Old Tabernacle, where there was far

design that was finally used involved shaping the too little room for the Saints. Apostle George A.

timbers to match the curve of the roof and arranging Smith observed that "although in the past Mormonism them in the Remington patent lattice pattern. The had seemed to flourish best outof-doors where there

timbers were bound together by ingenious devices. was more room, this circumstance had worn heavily

Where several of them crossed, a hole was bored upon the lungs of the Elders and especially, of the completely through and a round wooden dowel driven Presidency, who had been under the necessity of into the hole so that about three to four inches of speaking to very large audiences in the open air."It

dowel extended on each side of the planks. These was, therefore, very important that the Tabernacle

extending dowel ends were then split, and a wooden should be made habitable as soon as possible. ( Deseret

wedge was driven firmly into each split end. This News, July 10, 1867. ) President Young, in his sermon,

technique produced the same general effect as if urged the "men owning saw mills to bring on the the timbers had been bolted tightly together. lumber to finish the Tabernacle and the carpenters

Wherever the timbers cracked, they were reinforced and joiners to come and help use it up"so that the by being tightly wrapped with wet, or green, rawhide Tabernacle could be finished in time For October constrips. Since rawhide shrinks when it dries, this ference of 1867. In that same conference, Truman O.

Improvement Era

Aluminum roof was put in place in 1947.

Original windows in Tabernacle show distortion.

. I Many thought the

roof would cave in when the

scaffolding

was removed.

Angell was once again appointed as Church architect. Illogical as it may seem

Brother Angell had previously held that position but

ill of resigned health, because had which seemed to to some—and a testimony of on, in part, brought strain be the under by which he

worked while doing architectural designing. William divine guidance to others -

H. Folsom had succeeded him. Now Brother Angell's

health was somewhat restored, and immediately after there was no overall his reappointment he turned his attention to designing the interior of the Tabernacle. plan for the

It is an interesting commentary on the building of the Tabernacle that it was not until the roof was well Tabernacle.

under construction in 1866 that President Young decided that the organ and choir seats were to be located in the west end; and it was not until the reappointment of Truman O. Angell as Church architect, in

April 1867, that the interior design of the building was commenced. This author's research has led him

to the conclusion that there were no overall comprehensive and detailed plans drawn for the Tabernacle.

In the Henry Grow family there is a strong tradition to this effect. George and Otto Grow, sons of Henry,

have both affirmed that the roof was constructed from a rough sketch drawn by Brigham Young and Henry

Grow and from details that Henry Grow drew as he went along. Brother Angell's diary makes clear that

the interior was all designed after April conference of 1867, while the exterior of the Tabernacle was approaching its finishing stages. These items emphasize

both the genius and good fortune that attended the construction of that remarkable building.

President Young's vigorous requests at April conference for labor and supplies resulted in large contributions of both. Such rapid strides were soon being

made that the newspapers published frequent and interesting articles on the Tabernacle's progress. One,

in the May 23, 1867, Telegraph, answered the many inquiries about the slatecolored Tabernacle roof by reporting that the color was achieved by "lamp black, tallow, and salt. To forty gallons of lime liquid,

colored to suit the notion, add 5 lbs. of tallow and salt

as with ordinary whitewash."Other articles reported

April 1967 on the huge piles of lath, sand, and lime awaiting the design of the seats, the windows, and the doors.

workmen and on the large number of workers who On August 18, he made an interesting entry that were contributing their labor and "moving about with should give understanding and mental, if not physical, a heartiness that indicated a love of their work."comfort to the longlegged members of the Church.

On October 3, the Telegraph reported that "all the He wrote, "I assisted in getting lines on the floor to scaffolding was taken down without the slightest set the seats by... and they seem to be very close toaccident."That achievement meant much more than gether, but I think we ought to consent to seat close

just a dangerous project completed with safety, for for our friends sake etc. a few hundred more can get

there were many critics who, during the building's seated by this means."

construction, had expressed doubts that the roof For the first meeting in the Tabernacle, new seats would hold when the scaffolding was removed. Such were installed in only the front portion of the building;

doubts seemed justified when such a huge unsupported old seats, taken from the Big Bowery, were used in the roof was being built from an unproved design that rest of the hall.

involved a unique and creative architectural approach. The excitement of the great drive to complete the

Such expressions as, "It will fall down and kill us all,"Tabernacle for the October conference was climaxed had caused Henry Grow much mental anguish. But by an excellent article in the Salt Lake Telegraph of

his genius and vision, along with that of Brigham October 6, 1867. The following are excerpts:

Young, was proven—the roof held! Its strength has "Brother Henry Grow, the designer and builder

now endured through a century of storms to become of the Tabernacle, furnishes us with a large proporthe prototype for much modern construction. tion of the following particulars:

While completion of the roof had been going on "The form of the building was the design of Pres.

successfully, rapid progress was also being made in Brigham Young, who was desirous that the lattice the interior, following the designs of Truman O. Angell. work principle should be introduced into the conHis interesting diary records the progress in construction of this large edifice.

siderable detail. In it he writes of his consistent con- "The maximum number of men employed at any

tacts with President Brigham Young in working out one time in the construction of the building was 205, such details of the interior as location of the organ and the average for the last three weeks has been 137.

and the various stairways, the slope of the floor, and These figures do not include laborers nor plasterers. We have not the exact figures, but we understand

The Tabernacle under construction. that about 70 men were engaged in plastering the

inside of the building.

"Mr. Grow thinks that any person who has not seen

the building can have a very good idea of the roof by imagining the back or shell of a common eastern ground turtle of huge proportions, but it is more frequently likened to the hull of an old fashioned ship, without any keel, and turned topsy turvy.

"Above the piers there is over one million feet of lumber; in the floor 80,000 feet; in the joists 100,000,

in the sleepers 30,000; in the aggregate one million

five hundred thousand feet. The roof is covered with

350,000 shingles, besides a space at the top, averaging 60 x 130 feet, which is covered with 'patent roofing.'

"The stand covers 7,500 feet of surface. The front

of the stand is a segment of a circle. Before it are a

seat and desk for the bishops and others who administer the sacrament. The first seat in the centre of

the stand or platform is for the Presidency of the

Stake, the next for the Quorum of the Twelve, the third for the First Presidency. Back of these are seats

for a choir of 150 singers, with the great organ, yet unfinished, behind them. On the right and left are seats

for from 800 to 1,000 persons.

"More than three fourths of the timbers were supimprovement Era plied by Elder Jos. A. Young up to within a few gallery, which was added in 1870, made three, great

months; since which several hundred thousand feet contributions: it provided many additional seats, it

of finishing lumber was furnished by President Wells, improved the beauty of the interior, and it greatly and a large quantity also obtained from Elders Feraimproved the acoustics. In fact, until the gallery was

morz Little, Samuel A. Woolley, and from a few others. added, the now famous acoustics of the Tabernacle

"The work from beginning to end has been closely were poor because of excessive reverberation.

supervised by President Young, who in this, as in The Tabernacle was thus prepared for its first everything else of a public character, 'has been in all conference. In the century that has followed, it has

and through all'and encouraged by his confidence all served as a great religious and cultural center for engaged in it. Latterdav Saints and their friends. The love and

"President Wells has been most assiduous in his labor, the genius and generosity, the intellect and inlabors, superintending and furnishing everything. spiration that the builders of the Tabernacle put into

Bishop John Sharp, as Asst. Superintendent of Public that remarkable building in order to complete it in

Works, has rendered a very efficient share of labor, 1867 merit both our wonder and appreciation in 1967.

and Elder John D. T. McAllister was constant in his O

superintendence of the laborers, and had under his direction over a hundred men and thirty teams working. It is a grand building of which the Saints have

reason to be proud, and we but echo the feelings of every faithful Saint in wishing a lengthened life to

Pres. Young, that he therein may long continue to

instruct and lead Israel to the accomplishment of the designs and purposes of the Most High."

When the Tabernacle was first used, there was no gallery in the building, and the unbroken sweep of the great arched dome must have been impressive. The

April 1967

Tabernacle and organ at about 1900.

Plaster is knit together with horsehair.

* '. & H ft II ** rife,,::.:: WmJSw. dL: U... km.... mam.,i>Sil5>

Significant history firewood from the telegraph line. To replace these

poles sometimes a distance of fifty miles had to be was being made in 1867, traversed by the repairers. On one occasion this season the line was down for three days, from the rather

including the cool attempt of some emigrants to serve themselves with the wire for a ferry cable across the Platte River.

"The Indians, fortunately, have been superstitious concerning the wire; but there are apprehensions thatOpening of the some pale faces among them are instilling into them

courage enough to handle it freely. At one time they

cut the line in little pieces on the South Pass for a quarter of a mile. At another time they cut it near liilieriuicle Willow Springs, and carried off about 150 feet of it

for October conference. for bridle bits and ornaments."(J. Cecil Alter, Early

Utah Journalism, pp. 34142.

By Albert L Zobell, Jr. Another massive problem to the telegraph company

was the buffalo. What was more convenient to these

Research Editor beasts than the poles for scratching posts?

Such was the backdrop for Great Salt Lake City, at

The completion of the transcontinental telegraph at this time a pioneering frontier town with about 10,000

Great Salt Lake City in October 1861 had brought to population. (A Utah Territory legislative act, Januthe nation a new awareness of its broad horizons. ary 29, 1868, approved changing the name Great

Newspapers could receive press dispatches instanSalt Lake City to Salt Lake City.) Yet this city was

taneously and make their communities aware. This was different from any other place on earth. It was the

one of the theories of the new age. Practice proved headquarters of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterdifferently. Wednesday morning, September 14, 1864, day Saints, and for four years, 186367, the Church

the Daily Telegraph reported to its Great Salt Lake had been building a tabernacle that would be almost

City readers: "The wire is still down and we are a large enough to seat all the residents—Mormon and

second day without dispatches. We regret the nonMormon—of the city. Although it was not finished,

frequent interruptions on the Eastern Line...."construction would permit holding the October 1867

Another article in the Telegraph reported: "We are general conference there.

informed... that for the last five months scarcely According to Church records of Sunday, October 6,

have 24 hours passed away without a storm somewhere "the weather was fine in G. S. L. City."Several

on the plains between this city and Omaha, and terrific pioneer diaries were checked in an effort to amplify thunderstorms were daily occurrences along the banks "fine."One said that October 5 and 6 were "fine,"

of the Platte River. But the destruction of poles and but October 7 was "rainy."The Deseret News often

the bursting of instruments by the lightning, though recorded weather, but there was no News that day.

of frequent occurrence, were nothing like the evils Official U. S. weather records in the area began

endured from the actions of malicious and thoughtless March 19, 1874.

emigrants [of unnamed destination] who seemed to The Daily Telegraph, in reporting the morning's consider nothing but the facility of finding the camp activities of general conference, said: "Altogether the

10 Improvement Era Superstructure held together by leather thongs. General conference in 1867 ran full page.

'\.V s v JCi V*,y I JQLJCJ JLJ Jjj u> U Jllju I 4

TRUTH AND LIBERTY.

it Pr*>j. Walls s\ld with was D. H. to worK-T.su hid tba thanks Cere who SES!-Af<- THIRTYSEVENTH deep feeling to Lout gratitude the of

on. for the been engaged Twbemacle, tMttgrebo a Urge before that tOKFEBEHCE. ho NUAL

an<l perseverftuoe their Rteady talthfulof to sponk of*ross the the Bkiu'rs

Yhirfcysevtiulli SecitAnnual The I nc.is of kingdom. the in child; Ttmereottou working the eompJi'ting gutluQthiuRS on and but when n

tbtj I a*- building Jesus to of were which of athought I'hildish of in tbli they Cbureb asput away Oob&renao fur. tn flleo the of spoke He afimbted pr&afc as Hinging,man ho a looked upon "Tha Bt Mountain Stents, Chvnfi<!( of Latterday of BEdurea Irue oa the Elder Kisliburtie'a at the people BcliLevement Eider nt worthy chwir. at, April Inst tlitlk'uUies id Christsccortliug adjournment inft&d of the he hnd iri*se SfttAtft. to Preaidei:t.H. ro gathered YwiHsald that We hitt in hutldinslaborsOrnn,bttred under work. Oct, morning, Sunday Conference, <m to theViihya mouiitufiia to learu exphilri a- resurrection e the the to iras called order, und Canferftncs Taberit God, tiie rKCeivtd i*, of the ia o'clock, up the feeyd at 10 Kingdom New of E. following by composed hymn, riiirnnco calledand buildmakt's are no tfn what we Ca'ahasWevley not epuld exphvtu rtfady fur Conference 9th,nacle, which for wiis tKJU&siatt, the WM tueft Snow build build the to of raUe wheat, up Kingdom do—whether thegrtatexertioDsoiade iult, clerk, the theR.reed the Tnto by Bung aud by held he tint tofactories, or of prothe tu;dOtUise ntisd h the any Uk, had priesthood beruaele hiving tboEe for by time some only pt if duct.* milhorlry underof earth, of we the and power God qholr.peai.sf>.!*, O, I Use P* Qr*st AW) eu.Uif.iy ary thus stand our atld been its HtfSatdlfhe rked b having were did of charga ereeium We

toiiiU Sing aJory. iha siwy mai:f* rfoJaini andfaithful. earth the the resttrreoUoffi, to the vrmil he ia 250 Taberuacle fr successful. The prHol<)tfiftutubricg, ev'ry Uosttii, Let hpfore t fVet not; haveplace of Htm. Hia uttderatood imt he ia ia width, and ISO feat by iu leoRth topfiii.i ourG>>-AaM!i tHftft ia last to it ofstorioxra tbe living stftttddidconcerning as days great work any man

of vast oaBftouraa seating of a capable th*? o!'hooestlri-heartj oi;t Vstab- *j.tl>\ nn-l fiev'tn part fortB'cl the component Thegather ereatui OoH, th* wba

,''<"'ths it tinh Lh.({ In the rssurrtction. God ftjrtb—description Tt win upo Kingdom toantlai peop!o; detailed a,"

; the<if the(hu earth sea,. from built forththat l9 organisation fhe reclaim tha of and sky ittdfiiaOwtioeanttsWho ma offluUbed, itia appropriate when mora forform 1 dure sin ever au'iw:i darkness. forfeit* Ootfc earth,thraldom to and unless of he in-*TUso. The TaooB7loT bow the apbefore dedicated. hour An iti might; people Lord led His tbtm; shall pos3e< ami be bad Lor.!, frwjaibto servants. U<jre, Tby comruencfor Conference beandpointed, time is led hiiforth resurrec'd, has he Brighum servant J&su

tl HemigbttiniJ in has planted nsin power; tbe from crowded buiSding dead; ttxg, waa the Immense tet rest, a bplrit Tiy u tbam

blessof tha these towhaFirstborafruit* Henaouotatiis, aa earth,and the numbers* liiiMbt. unbeing great part, every av'rybR3i5'*->jl, O,And

it full, caused raised ined literally the midstland tor fromcomplete nukes, Joeorrup! and verified our andTabernacle was what had and admUatoti. Inable obtain j.j to c3QTuoufrjta tisG j d/. Wbtlo wa avtry to hri(5g for auii*t is will of the Hi* raie sustenance be who

oil, Jat, pfAjr our ml ttto ta meet- w B* O a present during were There people. the turned avtl has awiy oftbejoat. WudLf

lelTfiyraigiity bof*U, power And ret Hoand of Young, the tn world frestfated ourenemieSj Presidents ings. Brigham many so often building constructed could said—been be no taeii. (o droas, bufu—tlie to sid, Tbo resurrecr.iorithefor deaiensall their plans. Laiierday ( oIf#d forthHeofwicJted we out The have beeu Wells, Daniel H. and Kimball C. mftnntain tops, is that s(.*uc a world &6*>ja people, there but put agouti we are away On may Hyde, Orson Presidency; First berthe is it Ua'U; for our Hshtut9B*Bladtntnat improvement, to cling righteous and and a* to Saints.'large hold the Taylor, enough 2ofan sear., Pratt, ti> Orson bni'ull) lmps, Trcth, all from protuiprore In th# world Tb/ and.mission and [i*ULo 0*Si i O y

rljjbieoanEM fop in BAiotsroomwork$ies% doctrine, rlghtenneaB. jo WilEssra ftbfOSd, forth bellevo evildifferand Smith, A. Woodruff, we Oeorja (brd

Tabernacle the gospelj the out by aud f AnJPraise, priUa.O, Of; pratM AMI Rich, Loreneo Cbarlea Benson, C- V.

'Earlier paper's Choir,Wells, practicehopes, the desires, reported: RingingPrayer H. D. Qbj Sunwisba by Pldeat columns had and "On glary, a!arj!otl>s tbaLamW aina CanGaorgs Q. Erastua Snow, 3u3', 2 sprtaa p.m. the gospel and gather "(f* josipjih -\g F.Bmlt*',! Twelve rt-- clil ha ohblr. nd >mbtattoa by'the '*0. - n top..;. A<JJo!a 'a

Htrr*iith,"ted.,-, \ ''A puti<*n by lur tbAt people that Smith, PUfrforeH;Joseph nonApostles; John for long morning, the before theday hour;- named it oETered P thep Prayer was B. - thiai Etdr with nes: Bfate Woi by Youog, pmyi HEsueoefe, HoRear., Young, Levi W* of by"doidler* aftej Younjr; which J'.i-ir.; fifeHriRfl. choir...;.... 'ringing by T>dieruacU ns andour With

;!ie tiatbiii.t- by B. John Oateu lildrcdge, arise"and Jacob was img B.Christ fflid It tilt? ti.pic be, gfcftt Klder Orson *TM should Hyde oTc of side the ofopening gates the south west Spririyville, and of on ripanisU llon F*k the of tion, the largest the theadPresidency conyregation ever he subject Cott, (be imd great oftbougl

led rtspecUvely cbolrn, by l*avau and it to life dressed in - h:e and teemed be people have frcra here gathered D. Edwin rsesVanSeTeutkp; Young, ofJohn "

rellgiiie the ->f tin he itatlooa lamest rioue BtPtmWy earth, bud tbo the Richards, S*mu*l W. Woolleyund < Kork, Je* EtdeFi!Wlihatn Block,the the to assemble, people Temple began and

Vttotsi** Quoof the High Cinyson WilU*tfl

Xi, President H. Get>rgs Spencer, WalDaniel

oi cl*t* thHt the nine o'clock \V. Y<.imt, s-,id presithere Kha a dense Joseph around such Presidencyrum;laceby crowd was kt?ep eo. sod

Zin; this of of Edward Rbtkt hi * Hiiimust

ilitdy anrljtsse dtucyHunter, live In W. entrances,these that the there along passage no was to hrfg as tha of BishopPrr&bttrticy Little theLeonard

contiun us SaintsHttdIirtrdsowith C-rlcfe; Jildtri Junr., Yoofig,

niount;tii!8 these

'i<id great a?; BrlghamYon John num- W,side walks. filled streets also carriages, v could The with were

i Pr.*s,ideals tl of settleof aridber BUfbogS, of Lord purposes

.peop His of ffflin of various ElUtrs (arte <md ments P

of C horses, that there indicating and Territory.wagons an been the had Willi Jtogr.

Eiders w*re ifce table rejuirtere At Its fear of

, Durid and Evans Oeorfifi its D. Wull W. pppgreBtj andearly large ingathering the that and from morning v ltsft pray and writers; Btnao, L.

it. with it, II. shorthandtiteuboufle. T. Elder Edwardand

t been, nave who charge iu of Tnbsinging the in Thecountry, n addition to that vast the Kingdomingandnoiuwatch[irogresslngmen.ii'g Tsl Neiv had the numbers on

Elder led choir, Hubert by ernacla Bishop Edward HUa their Biatiops and organ, the played by wifh nsw Sands,... city s*o thoae and theYoung thereached preceding. the on days the carabiuatKm a of J. Joseph Dayan;

i all ferae); and and itedoke

Fiiysim BpriugsrUle, and Siiauish Fork o principle and power singers Srhjbliia *>-! a few from choir*; end be * could opened "Prior to services, the President [Brigham] Young e< are. would we Co,,, SmUlifietd, Elder and Box

an to u, blew!d Elder Fi&hbyrrce. by Co,, us with theytodaynoTPBrof God to different Croxall'u, E*rdley*a, in ofspoke City,CacheCaptain parts various the persons good. do ) bfrs

brfiKa r.d lands Ogdfn, contiiu and CaptainNephl Vt

and p'eYoung offered, as occasionthe the inusle at to be nd ud anotb themade

: 't.building, of the to endeavoring ascertain power CO Qo by speaker the fully d how reroar! To ouethe to Tabi-r- the near meetings tbe close tf as any apnrt and the.dii thetn.read times * vsrkras at and plam and Ei hi pie owed published.

city during titmice. w the Her* Spirit God, rsacle,through of anctbi results heard. Singing bycould the g., to P, did and not be then The be seem h;is peop'i*, grat be and II pi a Gooplayed d their manifui-t wkb with the in which Organ, Prayer Pros. who Wtiia, by new H.

forgotleu forsaken cor andiateuce of the taught 1( in ptiuelptes theex7th, B.Mooday, will Taberuaelecholr, of the staging.":: tble to mountains*x\-wmptMiftBytithetonotbuilt house worst gospel, pogsfitt world.. whieh and the by the;8icslug Tabernacle satisfactory.the splendidly most foned nisgniflcenl end to is our duty in only eacoa theory. raged parents Wilder by Twylorj John He

completed. fuily tilto Thetbebctttns!:ii;uent Of when Tt prepareobtalu tJielr been prayert>y have who the children betefiof 8, ebofrs. S. and

I it ingtbe one,be and blessiBjsiby nowtbepie if isfaepa*, that death't compass assuring of them Elder and quality tone Prattl\ referred Orson He Actually, acoustics the of purity the ur boui, building bindingof not imhear* did fctocemy will receive again, rebythey fitithfujand them tboughta and whh iciry obtained during was evidence Cocfna1 reared w.is Kirtlandand of Temple?a:rte o to the on?a ids have been who uggtstEonnmind brought the app Its given u opening music was

: privation poverty of and midst trc taken th( building Bp: oftbe byt erected, J5

I jiOvt-n mouths; (bat hundred hulldin. dedicated, when fefiuce.tbrougb until thetheWhen fort the eurrectir gallery built ho. ceprove before building,aud hkin the it Jo;0b was "

1.7 Pets Johr wasJam wilt ssnd pipes the laid 1 number down two completed 'ria

! WO,I t rroptlbtej his else will h Its arcs be twentythree thousand. ot andccen ma iod In He thel w>,tbe at dedicated the conference.was 1875 October feet thirty dtcp, and forty wide, aivl people, a: th! J in Ibem.

. Mibt feetJuign.

tl urged Godand Conference President opening Bcfora the before of Speaking meeting, beginning the to sick were only:e incorrect and v&l& ell bihalf of the Apostle*, Ib Young,

tor*- stone,; with liow but more skiers. a'-I And belong- B.(tnd tht'n s ma-m'ub and he 6uw thetlie rtiinied inostsioPresident brethrenChurch, to to anoint'.lam. "expressed the the motir.taiq thanks error,uttered thftlrever baariiUt lax Young tboi.-jrJ'i: them: of workmen

of all the Apostles, and all the brethren and sisters, for the steady perseverance and faithfulness that they Advertising has changed much TsinceIt K DESERET1867. NE W S.

in manifested far thus completing building."had the Shingli ShinglesI! THEaEPHAHT?a;NOTICB appointed of ten hour the The come, had and

BES1E SBISfiLES IS THE PresiBOOT,ffl DESERETSHOE,, Pioaees Ileu\i\UH's calleddent stillness to order. the audience perfect HASKEX! A FINE OPESINO KOH rPnCOA.iJ.WO A

Shop, Saddle Ilariicss nnd ensued as the opening i '3 was sung by the 150voice rLaMJfiOCa, hymn D'shap Bunkl OptKatt* I TALUE8, COHHERCIAL GOODS i>i>. ft':JInlit H.,'1.!,.It:CwlUiXiWopef.Lii NEW HAVINOWnl, onMKVVSprii:?Utiot.UTl'tH.Crf;-:t.

oilWrtorSulw 8. L. City. Q. Stkkkt, TkmpllEast TT7Elhnte f PutronfiKPbeveiofi.Ti*,the pnii(iiw of ClftbHU'J TorHt'ilieira cotiitaliberal led ChoirTabernacle Sands: by Robert SHINGI ASP QUAKING notlon(jfiSe**.Tie, lowest fiato, At the Cbeajsest and

AT Al) fot At Onr New Stand, (.!:.!...Sr>. i'l'becontract,Blled willto JaUhftilljan it a* cheupand prompiimauy Ptart]tT,l f nts'tNOT yr,.btijijj SLiirn Simved. ihei.-,ll.lShinsk's; by GmlnKU t&eunoordliiaflrdcracity. at* ELEPHANT THE praise, "Praise, Praise the great O,.ucttonSTORE, I AM! ffvIn (atfortihs to HMJ

I Sitae (o Soot Notice and takers All OsshnotWar Warrantedklnd*afPnJd(S notMteat

Store, the York Doors Three bslow New

Clf-n.t anil glory, glory, sound to Sing glory the Lamb! of Corner

at tl lo.s Wauled Guaking Ap

tijnlil Streets,.econtl, South and a.c.Mssa,rwei SHINQ: tribute every heart Let bring, a EXCHANGE IS FOB

SALT LAKE COT, QBEAT

been this Store has nafitieri, V/M.S. HICK.SCHV/A

v:th Anil Is now opH*d And join to praise our God and King."0$m a misAi

CASTOR 01 Five stanzas followed, the last one being a repeat An EntirelyPtHtCilASKDNewAT Stock of the first.. The hymn was especially written for the LOW RATES, 'DIXIE OIL CmVA

SOLD BE WILL Wbere have ogeae* weoccasion R. Snow. by Eliza orders. lrseel*a itrpareJl A BE u(r

eKRlSPttSI51S8LY CHEAP! A AS C.)irLETB STOCK a NEW

PUItr. OIL UASTOR OF than 700 more Not of the 2,638 organ pipes were Tiihe.(et!vrwl tn iMssHys/tttrljnviS: atTmraAg1 <3Jg? WHEA5'3S- \. 3S STB *.'.': G-3AB BABCAIKS < this StuamWj Sast 6RAIS, PR0VIS10?i, Bcngbt and CAT.t- Pt.EASK IMMEDIATO-Y!

i i: otwliat o a-fcjlge wfth ort?:f & Finn, o<!e ny

Store, Grocery Family SliWt'B &JDSHifiM;

STREET.: EAyT S.M.GbftlH,

li4ti-S'2tn flro,'*j TKMTLEttJptMwtw Waatttr TAKEft I'.IMDaQF CRA1N HAI.K, TT A3 FOB

IN c:>.ALLEXCHAHtS, GliOCERlES, Fi.OUE, M'A1* SKO&tS, OSlOJfc,CK\N,

rApril 1967; (l'!':':;-!; I3.\C0>*. Sc, POTAttM'.-*.COftSSEWC-'S, BCrTEK, ri Stap!o! Fancy

WJIKAT.UA? Y,OAT*&COHN, FASlilON. filS'OF

'TM3 -SjC Jt Ak, J3s u 1? JO GEOGEaiES,Ala, U

An old photo shows organ console in casing.

Men work on the temple, completed 26 years after Tabernacle.

II.

in place, and since the casing had not yet been built, daily schedule was to come November 21, 1867, within the builders had thrown a loose garment around the six weeks of this conference time.) The eightpage

organ. Nevertheless, it was played by Joseph Daynes. paper dated Wednesday, October 9, devoted its first

President Young offered the opening prayer, exthree pages to the conference, including the list of pressing to the "Most High the grateful feelings of the names that had been read from the pulpit of those

Saints for the favors which he had multiplied upon called to "go south"on colonization missions and a them, enabling them to have finished thus far an shorter list of elders called to "go on preaching edifice in which they could assemble and worship missions."

Him, their Creator, in the name of his Son Jesus The editor explained that "the 'News,'through the

Christ, imploring the aid of the holy Spirit to teach want of paper, was compelled to suspend the regular them how to pray, and what to ask for, acceptably issue of its Semis of Sept. 28 and Oct. 1, and its Weekly

in his sight."He further asked "the blessings of the of Oct. 2... without being able to inform its

Lord upon the congregation assembled, and those who readers.... All the [supply of] paper, instead of

might assemble during Conference; upon the Priesttwo-thirds as first reported, that... had been purhood, all in authority in his Church and kingdom, that chased for the 'News/ was burned by Indians in the

they might enjoy the outpouring of his holy Spirit to forepart of August, at the time they ran a freight train qualify them in the discharge of every duty...."off from the track and destroyed its contents in the

The combined choirs of Payson, Springville, and neighborhood of Plum Creek."(This was not in Utah,

Spanish Fork, all in Utah County, sang the hymn as the territory was yet to have railroads.)

"Soldiers of Christ Arise."Later in the conference The paper noted that a twoday cricket match was

these choirs sang separately. Smaller groups of played on Washington Square (site of the present

singers from northern Utah—Brigham City and Smithcity and county building) with the guest Cache

field—were heard. County club, and that the Great Salt Lake City club

The first speaker was President Heber C. Kimball, was the winner by 35 runs.

followed by President Daniel H. Wells, both counAlthough very small type was used, the list of

selors in the First Presidency. President Wells also "Estray"animals from the city and other communities

offered the benediction at that morning session. filled almost half a page. The full page of adverElder Brigham Young, Jr., gave the invocation at tising shared by various merchants proclaimed everythe afternoon session. Elder Orson Hyde was the thing from "Shingles! Shingles!""Pure Castor Oil,"

first speaker, but he was very hoarse and only spoke "Wholesale! Wholesale!""Cotton Yarn, Manufactured

briefly. President Brigham Young was the other at President Brigham Young's Cotton Factory,"

speaker. President Kimball pronounced the bene- "Dried Peaches, Dried Apples, Beans, &c, &c,"to

diction. "Notice! We beg to notify all Parties, NOT TO

Captain Oman's, Captain Eardley's, the Ogden, DELIVER ANY MORE HAY! for our account at

and the Nephi brass bands made music as occasion Camp Douglas."

offered, playing near the Tabernacle at the close of There was a reprint, "Brigham Young and Mormeetings, and at various times and places through the monism,"and a news story, "President B. Young's

city during this, the 38th semiannual general conferTrip North."The last page contained more adverence of the Church. tisements, some news notes from outside the city,

The Deseret News published weekly and semimarriages, and deaths. Some of the latter carried

weekly editions at this time. (The first copy of its the editor's note: "Mil [lennial] Star and Skandinaviens

12 Improvement Era Brick buttresses Interlacing beams of Tabernacle.

line: "The Indians have stolen some horses from the

NorthWestern Fur Company, near Fort Buford, and killed three men."

The Tribune liked hyphens in NewYork and NewOrleans. NewOrleans reported: "The deaths from

yellow fever for the 24 hours ending at 6 o'clock this morning [October 5] were 59."The fever was at

Mobile as well, and a man from Memphis en route to Nova Scotia had died of yellow fever at Springfield,

Massachusetts. A St. Louis story stated reports circulated about cholera in that city "are greatly exaggerated in their character. Only two cases were

Stjerne [LDS publications in Europe], please copy/'reported up to noon"October 4, but the average had

Also on that page were some official reports of the been about 25 a day.

city; one, a "Sexton's Report"for the month ending The Boston funeral services for Elias Howe, Jr.,

September 30, 1867, listed 80 deaths: 48 males and 32 inventor of the sewing machine, were briefly chronfemales, broken down further as 7 adults and 73 icled. Frontpage NewYork Tribune financial news

children. Some causes included teething, 27; inflammacame from London, Frankfurt, Antwerp, and Livertion bowels and flux, and whooping cough, each with pool, as well as Washington.

12; diphtheria and inflammation lungs, each with 3; The problems that face man and his society differ

heart disease, drowned, and killed accidentally, all little in the span of the century. Today's publications

with 1. Misty eyes must have sought that part of the have type faces that are more easily read, and they

paper; with statistics that high, hardly a home would present a wealth of illustrations. To the unacquainted,

go long untouched by personal tragedy. today's diseases may masquerade with new names.

Recording events of the previous day, the day of But the annual report for 1965, issued by the Utah the first general conference sessions in the Salt Lake State Department of Health, indicates that there were

Tabernacle, the frontpage stories of the NewYork no deaths in Utah from either diphtheria or whooping

Tribune for Monday, October 7, 1867, mirrored war cough in the fiveyear period 196165. That old

and the fear of war. Garibaldi's movement was inSexton's Report would indicate that in September

flaming Italy and Rome, not yet unified as one 1867 more than 94 percent of his new graves were for nation. Great Britain was involved with the Abyschildren. For 1965, in all of Utah, those under 15

sinian Question. Other headlines included: "Parliayears accounted for 10 percent of the deaths.

ment [in Prussia] will declare for German unity"and Through vigilance, both yellow fever and cholera "French intrigues at Munich."have long ceased to be death hazards in the United

It was reported that a storm "has prevailed for the States. But as communicable disease has been beaten

last 24 hours, and still continues,"causing two back, accidents and heart diseases have risen sharply steamers to be overdue at Havana, Cuba. In perhaps in the mortality charts.

a quieter part of the world, a river steamer from Fort The problems in the adjacent centuries remain

Benton, Montana, "arrived at Omaha on Friday night, similar. Man has not yet learned to enjoy those peowith $3,000,000 in treasure and 200 passengers."ple in other lands as his "neighbors."Mortality was

Civil War General Philip Sheridan was expected to given to man so that each in his own allotted time receive a hero's welcome at Boston that Monday may see what he can accomplish. In any generation

morning. General William T. Sherman had arrived there has hardly been a person who at times has not

in Washington that Sunday on telegraphed orders from taken as his own the anguished words of Thomas

President Andrew Johnson. There was speculation Paine, "These are the times that try men's souls."

that Sherman would replace General U. S. Grant in The gospel of Jesus Christ, as presented from the

the War Office, a fact actually accomplished in 1869. pulpit of the Salt Lake Tabernacle for a century, and

Of his current command, "General Sherman has stated in countless, conversations and sermons since the since his arrival here [Washington, D.C.] that there Church was restored and organized in 1830, is indeed

are good grounds for the belief that good results the way of life unto eternal salvation. Good men who

will come from the labors of the Indian Commission make this gospel a part of their lives and purposes and that hostilities will cease ere long."But on the become better. Better men, through the guidance of the

same page of this newspaper was a St. Louis dateSpirit, become great. O

April 1967 13

Worldfamous Tabernacle

organ as it is today.

Joseph Harris Ridges, Pedal and builder of the Some 626 keys, buttons, swell cathedral

Tabernacle organ. pedals confront Tabernacle organists. knobs of console.

It has been potential to stir the hearts and minds of men.

Statisticians estimate that more persons worldwide estimated that more could recognize a picture of the Tabernacle organ than any other musical instrument.

persons worldwide Yet it is not recognition alone that makes it one of the world's most talkedof organs. It is the comments

could recognize of the great organists who come to finger its keys, savor its sound, marvel at its warmth of tone, and thrill a picture of the at its power and brilliance of note clarity, and who leave envious of those who are blessed to play it daily.

Their professional admiration is bolstered by milTulMTiiarlc lions of radio and TV listeners and viewers, some of whom have so closely associated themselves with the Tabernacle organ that they have identified with it in census reports and other surveys. Organ Still more millions pour through Temple Square,

than any other seat themselves on centuryold wooden benches—

which, unbeknown to the audiences, add more timbre musical instrument. and mellowness to the organ's sound—and listen

raptly to the daily recitals or attend the Tabernacle

By Jay M. Todd Choir's Sunday broadcast.

Editorial Associate Their reason for coming is known by any who have heard the hooded trumpets'and clarions'call in the stirring passages of "Come, Come, Ye Saints,"or those

Modesty keeps the Church from openly calling the who have melted within at the strains of the voix

Tabernacle organ what many often do—the greatest humaine, sometimes called the "cry stop,"used in

organ in the world. Others, while not referring to it "O My Father."Millions more have heard the

in these words, admit it is one of the most admired, whistling sounds of the flauto mirabilis solo stop and often called the "sweetest toned,"of all the great (often called the "whistling stop") used in "As the organs. Dew from Heaven Distilling,"and have felt an inner

Whatever their terms, it is clear that millions of peace and momentary union with the Infinite.

persons esteem the rare and soulthrilling strains of Little do listeners realize that these sounds are the unusual instrument that has rallied Latterday only a few of the countless billions the organ is caSaints for a century. pable of creating. In an article titled "Landmarks of

They praise it not solely for size, although the the World: The Mormon Tabernacle,"Holiday magaorgan's 10.814 pipes make it one of the world's largest. zine estimated that "to reckon the number of notes

(There are only a handful of organs with more pipes, and chords, with all their shadings, that the organ can ranging up to Atlantic City's gigantic 33,000pipe produce, multiply two quadrillion by three quadrillion, instrument. then multiply the result by itself. You wind up with

They praise it for the organ's widely recognized a figure 36 followed by sixtysix zeros."Although all

14 Improvement Era Ellas H. Jones, organ maintenance head,

The 32foot Wayne Devereaux, pedal bombardes. organ technician, examine pipes.

of the potential billions of sounds and combinations (36 thousand vigintillion ) would not be musically usable, the usable potential is still limitless.

According to organ technicians, "If a boy started to play the Tabernacle organ when he was four years old and played eight hours a day, changing combinations every fifteen minutes until he was 94 years old, he still wouldn't have exhausted all of the meaningful combinations."

This is one of the simple but important reasons why

Tabernacle organists must find time daily to search out new, stimulating, and soulfilling music. A person

could listen to the organ all his life and still in very fact hear new and thrilling sounds just discovered by the organist. There are so many moods and variations

of tastes that an organist can duplicate nearly all of the known musical sounds.

As to what the world's leading organists say about the organ—not counting those equally famous and

gifted men who play it daily—this is simply a matter

of record. "The instrument is glorious. It is absolutely

superb."—Marcel Dupre, the French master who has

been called the greatest teacher and performer of the organ. "This organ is more than an orchestra. It is the

greatest instrument to be found."—Virgil Fox, wellknown recording organist.

"There is nothing like it."—E. Power Biggs, concert

organist, who also said of the Tabernacle, "A person can even cough in here and -it sounds good."

"There is nothing I can't play on this."—Lois Miller,

organist of Atlantic City's 33,000pipe organ, who said she could only spare 15 minutes between air flights but stayed to play the organ two hours. A H it A

One of the world's leading organists, Wilma Jensen, played the organ for ten minutes, then turned to her host and said, "Is it possible I might apply for position of organist here?"

But what is it, one asks, that makes the Tabernacle organ different from all other organs? y:.:---0::

April 1967 c J Wayne E. Carroll tunes

a reed trompette pipe.

"There are five factors of organ greatness,"says organ technician Wayne Devereaux, himself a gifted organist. "One, the quality of the organ's components

and their construction; two, the voicing of the pipes

themselves, or the manner of cutting the lip, nicking the teeth, sizing and placing the beard on the individual pipe; three, the variety and complexity of the

stops to provide the innumerable sound combinations;

four, the resonance and acoustical quality of the building in which the organ is housed; and five, a competent

organist to play the instrument."

But the organ has not always been as it is now. It much attention upon completion. One of the visitors

has changed immensely—numerous times—since its was Elder Augustus Farnham, presiding elder for the

able builder, Joseph Harris Ridges, set himself to the Church in Australia, who felt impressed to ask Ridges task of creating the embryo of this honored instruif he would give his instrument to the Church. Ridges

ment. To completely explore his life, so full of proviconsented, and in 1855 he and the organ were shipped

dential help and interesting experiences, would require across the Pacific to San Pedro, California, and by a book. mule train to Salt Lake City. (The episode recently

Born April 27, 1827, on the outskirts of Southwas the subject of a TV show in America, "An Organ hampton, England, Joseph Ridges early determined for Brother Brigham.") The organ was set up in the

to know all about the organs made in a firm directly rear of the first tabernacle, an adobe building near across the street from his family's home. His intense the site of the present structure.

interest in the design, working, and making of the When the present tabernacle was nearing compleintricate parts and the mathematics of establishing tion, it was decided an organ would be put in it, correct musical range soon made him a near nuisance and Brigham Young counseled with the only organ at the factory. builder available—Joseph Ridges. After spending

In fact, in company with an older friend who worked weeks designing and redesigning a proposed organ, at the plant, Joseph often stayed late, even throughRidges presented his plans to President Young, who out the night, playing and examining various organs. immediately approved them.

Many times he walked miles to a distant church to For the next 12 years Joseph Ridges set himself to talk to an organist about his instrument. More than his task of creating one of the world's great organs.

once, while examining an organ, he found himself Of those 12 long years, Graham McNamee, an eastern locked in a church. radio announcer of the 1930's, said, "This was one

But at 23 Joseph Ridges'interest in organs—for a of the greatest feats performed by American pioneers.

reason that he later was unable to account—was superWhen you consider there was only one man on the

ceded by a "bad attack of gold fever,"and he set sail job who knew anything about building organs, and for Sydney, Australia, to find his fortune. Rather than add to that the fact that Mormons also had to make

finding a fortune, he found a spiritual storehouse in most of their tools before they could even start, the friendship of a young Mormon convert, Luke the job assumes remarkable proportions."

Syphus. Together Ridges and Syphus went 400 miles But as the work progressed, Joseph Ridges disinto the "bush,"where Ridges decided to join the covered that certain materials were needed from the

Church after his wife, Adelaide, was raised from her East. Only about $900 could be spared from Church

sickbed by a blessing of the priesthood at the hands of funds, but the amount was sufficient. Taking leave of

Brother Syphus. his labors for several months, he journeyed by stage

Joseph and his wife returned to Sydney. During the line to Omaha and then took a train to Boston, where

day he worked building cabinets and at night he built he purchased spring wire, sheet brass, soft leather for one of the early organs of Australia, which attracted the valves, ivory for the keys, and other materials.

As a master of the intricacies behind the casework,

Joseph Ridges perhaps felt the need for ideas and assistance concerning the organ's exterior. Few of Some 638 keys, pedals, stops, and

us realize the planning that must go into making the buttons await the organist's touch. best possible acoustical and architectural conditions

16 Improvement Era Ears, upper and lower lips, and languet of Sixteenfoot diapason montre pipes. pedal pipes held in place by shoe strings. Boston Music Hall organ may have influenced Tabernacle organ design.

ft j

for an organ. But Joseph Ridges did, and apparently

he recognized in the Boston Music Hall organ that for which he had been searching.

While in Boston, because of his interest in organs and desire to improve his technical knowledge, Joseph

Ridges probably inquired about and examined organs.

The most famous organ of the time, then only a little more than two years old, was the Boston Music Hall organ. For still another decade this instrument,

inaugurated November 2, 1863, was to be known in

America as "the great organ."

Comparing photographs of the Tabernacle organ with the Boston Music Hall instrument, it appears that the Boston organ left a deep imprint upon him.

Whether Joseph Ridges examined the Boston Music

Hall organ in person or examined it through pictures or designs, it appears that he adapted some of the exterior design and a few of the interior intricacies of the Boston organ to fit the needs of the instrument he was to build in the Tabernacle.

He couldn't have been influenced by a better instrument. For three years a representative of the city

of Boston had studied and examined every organ of outstanding reputation in Europe and had conferred with Dr. E. J. Hopkins of London and with Franz

Liszt. After the music hall organ was built by

the firm of Walcker of Ludwigsberg, Germany, and after the casework design by Hammat Billings was adapted by Herter Brothers of New York, Boston still insisted that an international commission of organists, musicians, and technicians examine the instrument and suggest improvements before it was shipped to Boston as America's first concert organ.

Ridges returned to Salt Lake in the spring of 1866 and set himself to the almost incredibly difficult oneman task of designing and guiding the building of an organ that soon would overshadow even "the great organ"in tonal beauty and frame. Without benefit of

an international commission of organists or counsel from technicians, Brother Ridges began anew his work.

Following his return to Salt Lake City, newspaper

April 1967 Beautiful wood casework was carved by Ralph Ramsey.

reporters quoted him as saying the Tabernacle organ would be built "on a large scale on the most improved principles... that modern art in organ building has

produced."At that time he commented that there

would be a 32foot pitched pipe and that the general dimensions of the organ and casing would be about 23 feet wide by 30 feet deep by 40 feet high. He

said that the design would be "a very handsome one, and that the front will be formed with flutings, panels and pillars in the Corinthian style, tastefully carved and crowned with pyramidical tops,"and will present a "massive and imposing appearance."

His efforts now turned to directing the six to eight men usually in his employ and to overseeing the labors of others gathering pine from nearby mountains and from as far away as St. George, Utah (about 300

miles to the south). The southern Utah wood was for

the big 38foot montre (32foot pitch) frontplaced, goldleaf pipes, which are not single pieces of wood, as often thought, but laminated pine strips wedged tightly together to form circular pipes. Hundreds of

buffalo and beef hides were used for the bellows and glue.

How did he know how long to make the pipes for the proper note? The mechanics of music is precise.

For example, if one had an eightfoot pipe and cut it in half, the sound would be an octave higher. If the

pipe were made twice as long, it would be an octave completed. It was not as wide as the present organ,

lower. The length of the pipes was strictly a matheas photos on pages 10 and 12 show. The exquisitely

matical—although intricate—consideration. carved wood casework was done by Ralph Ramsey. By

By the time the Tabernacle was opened in 1867 the this time Ridges had changed his four handpumped organ was only onethird complete, but unbeknown to bellows to a reciprocating piston pump driven by a

Tabernacle designers and builders, they had already large water wheel placed in City Creek, part of which been guided in preparing a house whose acoustics were had been diverted to run directly underneath the a fitting home for Ridges'instrument. organ from the north.

Unlike most other organs, the Tabernacle organ Many interesting stories surround the handpumped was placed inside an acoustical shell. The building's bellows, which was so arduous to work that it would

nearly allwood nature returns the organ tones like a tire the four men in half an hour. On one occasion

great cello. Even the floating balcony, socalled the organist, Joseph Daynes, announced that he would

because it hangs out several feet from the walls, play an encore, Tannhauser, but upon trying to play serves a function like teeth in the mouth to give he found the organ without air. After a few moments

resonance and articulation to the sound. Before the of signaling, he went to the rear of the organ and

placement of the balcony, Saints had complained about found the four "pumpers"comfortably seated. When

the inability to hear in the Tabernacle. questioned, the leader said, "Whenever you give a

Equally amazing in hindsight is the insistence of recital you always get the credit, and we wish to say

Brigham Young that the wall plaster be thick, thus that without our help there can be no recital."Brother

creating a good acoustical or soundreflecting plaster. Daynes returned and had his four assistants named one

Plasterers at first couldn't get a thick plaster to stay by one.

up, but one day the foreman said, "Boys, go out and By 1885 parts of the organ were rebuilt and enclip your horses."They mixed the hair with plaster larged; 16 years later a complete pneumatic action was

and were able to coat the building with over onehalf- installed, the console detached from between the inchthick plaster strongly knit together with horsehair. tallest pipes and placed near its present location, and

By 1877 the original Ridges 2,638pipe organ was numerous pipes added. By 1916 the organ was

18 Improvement Era The organ can create countless

billions of musical sounds.

sensitive reeds need to be tuned every week. Tuning

in the Tabernacle is best done at temperatures between 74 and 77 degrees.

At the normal pace of tuning pipes, it takes months to tune all 10,814 pipes. But even if the tuning were

urgent, it would take more than 30 days to completely tune the organ with a full staff of tuners, assuming that the tuning could go on without interruption, something the constant flow of tourists and daily recitals makes impossible.

Care must be given to the several hundreds of miles of electrical wiring in the organ, the antiphonal organ in the rear of the building, which provides the famous echoes, and the teninch pinhole airtight pipe that underlies the length of the Tabernacle floor to feed the 700pipe antiphonal organ. Care must also

be given the threephase-current 30horsepower motor that drives the big fivefoot-high by threefoot-wide rotary air fan that provides air for the Tabernacle organ and its smaller antiphonal counterpart.

Technicians can be seen daily checking the console electrified and the two 15V2foot wings were added,—that marvel of design genius. Not only did it take

giving the organ its present visual size. More pipes gifted technicians to design the console, but it takes

were added in 1926 and 1940, and then in 1949 the gifted organists to play it. Sitting down at the Taborgan was rebuilt by G. Donald Harrison, presiernacle organ console one finds himself in a daze as

dent of AeolianSkinner. Today's 10,814 pipes in to the alternatives before him: 626 keys, pedals, stops,

189 sets or ranks still include more than 200 of Ridges'and buttons; five rows of manuals, or 305 keys; 89

original woods, including the large wooden goldleaf stops on the righthand side, 97 on the lefthand side;

pipes that have the power to physically vibrate the 32 pedals; 76 preset combination stops; and 27 preentire Tabernacle. set combination pedal pistons.

The 32foot pitched pipes sound at 16.35 cycles "Playing the Tabernacle organ is just as complex

a second. The smallest pipes, less than threeeighths as piloting an airplane or even handling a spaceinch long, sound at 16,744.03 cycles a second—higher ship, as the astronauts have done,"said Roy Swenson,

than some people can hear ( overtones go about 19,000 organ technician. "Besides using all ten fingers in

cycles a second). amazingly intricate and fast action, both feet must

Millions have seen the organists, but few have seen move with equally intricate dexterity."

the men who keep the soaring, notes from turnIt is a fact that few people in the world are both ing sour. gifted and sufficiently trained to play the Tabernacle

The Tabernacle organ tuners—facetiously called organ effectively. It is also a matter of record that

"chiselers"because their primary tool is a simple from the early 1860's the Lord has provided the Taberchisel—daily tune, clean, and give general upkeep to nacle organ with some of the world's most talented

the organ. organists.

"It's not generally known,"said tuner Wayne Their names—like some of the hymns they have

Carroll, "but dust or a temperature change can alter come to be so closely identified with—are names never

the sounds of the pipes,"Cold weather makes the to be forgotten by the Church: Joseph J. Daynes, John

chimes and reeds go sharp; hot weather makes them J. McClellan, Edward P. Kimball, Tracy Y. Cannon,

go flat. Flutes are not as changeable, and some of the Alexander Schreiner, and Frank W. Asper, each at

April 1967 19 one time or another recognized for his musical are the men who have mastered the impromptu modubrilliance. lations, transpositions, and improvisations required in

Even before Joseph Ridges had completed his organ, Tabernacle broadcasts to fit even half a second of

Brigham Young had found his organist. One night air time.

in 1862 President Young attended a party in honor of Brother Asper, now organist emeritus, beloved and a newly arrived company of Saints. Leading the admired by all who know him, has amassed a record

singing was an Englishman, John Daynes, who was of playing well over 10,000 recitals. His name is "one

accompanied on a melodeon by his 11year-old son of those associated with organ music in the grand

Joseph. Listening to the young boy play, Brigham manner, one of the great organists,"and he has often

said, "There is our organist for the great Tabernacle been acclaimed for his "gift of technique and sympathy organ."When Ridges'Australian organ was installed, of understanding."Called by some as the "poetyoung Joseph Daynes was made the regular organist. organist"because of his ability to please all musical

Later, when the Tabernacle organ was first played in tastes, Brother Asper continues today his "Sunday 1867, Joseph Daynes was its first appointed organist—Evening on Temple Square"broadcasts, which he

at 16 years of age. originated.

In addition to playing the organ, Daynes also tuned Universally acclaimed one of the finest masters of it and kept it in repair until he retired in 1900. His the instrument is the present chief organist, Alexander

numerous compositions were widely used in his day. Schreiner. His wizardry and genius have consistently

Many are still used today, including the most recogkept his name among the top organists of the world.

nizable of all Tabernacle organ sounds, music from Respected music critics have said, "As a master of "As the Dew from Heaven Distilling,"closing theme footwork he stands supreme.""His Bach is sheer

of the Tabernacle Choir broadcasts. Only a month poetry.""His technique is brilliant, but his interprebefore his retirement Brother Daynes inaugurated the tive genius is even greater.""As an accompanist he

famous daily organ recitals, which have the enviable has no peer."

record of having been attended by more people than His radio recital, "Alexander Schreiner at the Tabany other recital series in the history of music. ernacle Organ,"can be heard Sunday evenings in

The man, however, who made the recitals famous western America.

and was called by some "greatest organist in the Serving with Brother Schreiner as Tabernacle organworld"was Daynes'successor, the great John J. ists are Roy M. Darley and Robert M. Cundick. This

McClellan, affectionately called "the mighty Mac."April Brother Darley completes 20 years of service

Born in Payson, John Jasper McClellan displayed unat the Tabernacle organ. He was organ recitalist for

usual abilities early and was choir organist in Payson several years at the Washington [D.C.] Ward and

at 11 years of age. Bureau of Information and served as recitalist at the

By the time he was appointed Tabernacle organist Hyde Park Chapel, London, England. The newest

17 years later, his musical accomplishments read like organist, Robert M. Cundick, holds a doctor's degree

a list in Who's Who. As a student at Ann Arbor he in music and served also as organ recitalist at the

founded the University of Michigan Symphony OrchesHyde Park Chapel. Their talents assure the Tabertra, and had written for some Catholic friends a mass nacle organ of musicians of the finest caliber.

for orchestra and choir. He studied in Europe under Such is the story—the inspiring and intensely human

the greatest teachers available and returned home to story—of the Tabernacle Organ and of the men who

be professor of music at Provo's Brigham Young built it, tune it, and play it. No other organ in the

Academy and later at the University of Utah. world is quite like it. And no other people in the world

His ability to transcribe music for the organ and the have such a right to it, for who else has a message over color he lavished on his music brought John Philip which even the "mountains shout for joy?"The Prince

Sousa to say, "McClellan is an ornament to his proof Peace has said, "Peace I leave with you, my peace 1 fession."He died at the height of his career in 1925. give unto you."True peace has been given the

A year earlier, Alexander Schreiner and Frank W. world by the soulstirring sounds of the Tabernacle

Asper had been named Tabernacle organists. These organ. Our Father truly has been with us. O

20 Improvement Era & RECORDS THE BOOK OF MORMON STORY fry Mary Pratt Parrish $6.95 NEW!

An exciting and colorful intro- i THE MORMON TABERNACLE duction to the dramatic scripCHOIR'S GREATEST HITS tures of the New World. Here

are the heroes and prophets, the Containing alltime favorites as Battle of the Hymn sinners, as well the as of such men / / Hallelujah Republic Chorus spirit of the the action and men... the narrative story of the Bless This House, and many

Book of Mormon that retains more.

the grandeur of the original text. Stereo $5.78

Hi Fi $4.78

Postage 15c per record.

DOCTRINAL COMMENTARY ON THE PEARL OF GREAT M 7/f/ PRICE by Dr. Hyrum L. Andrus $4,95

A scholarly and carefully researched exposition on the teachings of this sometimes ignored c0MMBf*KY volumeSome ofoftheLatterdaydoctrinalscripture.subjects

discussed include the nature of

PBICB God and Jesus Christ, man's preearth life, the fall of Adam, the gospel through the ages, and the THE BOOK OF MORMON order. patriarchal divine Lift Up Your Voice And Sing 6

Sing Their LD.&34 FavoritePRIMARYSoni CHILDREN- M,M amSAm, spokenThe magnificenceby fine voices.of great words

$49.95 plus $1.50 postage

FIELDING MARY SMITH 7 THE PEARL OF GREAT PRICE of Britain Daughter—

by Don C. Corbett $4.50 The inspiring spiritual truths of

noble scripture spring to life.

The story of the tremendous $9.95 plus 40c postage faith of the widow of Hyrum 4

Smith. her dogged How efforts LIFT UP YOUR VOICE & SING to certain that her children make

would be raised in Zion as faithThese sweet Primary songs are ful members of the Church regiven fresh life by the appealing sulted in a posterity that has voices of L.D.S. children from

contributed notable leadership Mesa, Arizona.

to the Church.

$3.00 plus 15c postage

9 THE ARTICLES OF FAITH Song and sacred words complement each other in this outstandMEET THE -In MORMONS

Spanish A (CONOZCA LOS LOS, gaS,iRN ON fc> ing recording.$3.00 plus 15c postage

M0RM0NES) $3

This beautifully illustrated g book would make an ideal gift Spanish speaking friends or vestigators. (Una introduce!

grafica a La Iglesia de Jesucri:

los COMPANY DESERET BOOKde Santos de los Ultimos D 84110 Temple, 44 Salt Lake City, Utah South East miembros.)v sus

California 777 Orange, Main, 92669 South or

Please send me the items circled: 1

I have added postage where appropriate. Total amount of purchase $,

which includes 3'<ra sales for Utah residents ordering from Salt Lake, and 4% sales tax for

California residents ordering from Orange. I enclose check/money order OR, please

tieseretCOMPANY Book chargeName my established account 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND AT COTTONWOOD MALL Address

SALT LAKE CITY 2472 WASHINGTON BLVD., OGDEN City.. State.. Zip

777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA April 67 Era

Early interior of the Tabernacle, with fountain in foreground.

From the day it

opened to the present time,

the Tabernacle

has been the I oral Point

hall? A rehearsal hall? A place for fiir;certWhator lectureis the Salt Lake Tabernacle? Is it a conreligious services? A civic center? The Tabernacle,

described by some writers as one of the architectural wonders of the world, is all these and more. Few

have been as much used Important buildings erected by men and have played as great a part in the lives of a community or a church as has this building. From

the very day it opened to the present time, the TaberEvents nacle has been the focal point for events of local, national, and even international interest.

By Eleanor Knowles While the building was not dedicated until 1875,

Editorial Associate it attracted large gatherings of the Saints beginning the day its doors opened in October 1867. Used at

first just for religious services, including regular sacrament meetings and conferences, it soon became also a civic center. The first recorded mention of a

nonreligious use of the building was in 1870 when, according to Andrew Jenson's Church Chronology, "discussion commenced in the large Tabernacle...

between Apostle Orson Pratt and Dr. John P. Newman, chaplain of the U.S. Senate, on the question,

'Does the Bible Sanction Polygamy?'It was continued

over three days."

By the time the building was dedicated in 1875, it was basically completed, including a gallery around three sides that almost doubled the seating capacity and added considerably to the acoustics. And so, on

October 9, 1875, a balmy autumn day with 80 F.

temperatures, the Saints crowded into the buildingsome 10,000 of them—and many other thousands

jammed the doorways and milled around Temple

Square as Elder John Taylor, President of the Council of the Twelve, offered the dedicatory prayer.

Elder Taylor's prayer was a masterpiece in composition, a comprehensive recital of the conditions and aspirations of the Saints at that time. In the prayer

were dedicated not only the usual components of a great building, but also "the mortar which binds the foundation stones together,"the "nails, bolts, and straps of iron, of copper, and the brass, the zinc, the

Improvement Era

Baptismal font, located in southwest Wooden steps curve upward basement area of Tabernacle. between ceiling dome, roof.

placed by a metal roof constructed of metal "shingles."The familiar aluminum roof of today was

put in place in 1947.

Beneath the building is a huge basement area with a labyrinth of rooms for storage, offices, lockers, workshops, steam pipes, and electronic equipment, as well as tunnels burrowing beneath Temple Square to connect the Tabernacle with the new Visitors'Center, the Salt Lake Temple, and even the huge power plant a block west of the square.

Radio Station KSL has had broadcast facilities in the Tabernacle for four decades. The control room

tin, and the solder wherewith the metal is soldered on the south side was completed in 1938, and with together,"the plaster, even "all the lath and the nails the advent of television, vast amounts of electronic and the sand and the lime,"the locks and hinges on equipment are now jammed into one cramped area the doors and windows, "and all the ornamentation of of the basement. Work will begin this summer on

this building, both within and without."The Lord excavation of additional room beneath the building

was also asked to bless the parts of the organ, includto properly house this equipment. The station has

ing the woods, metals, bone, ivory, leather, keys, stops, three fulltime men working in the Tabernacle, and levers, valves, bellows, and "all other appurtenances during conference sessions this staff is augmented and appliances, together with the gilding, the painting, by many additional technicians, cameramen, and the varnish, and the polish thereof."directors.

But even more important, Elder Taylor asked the From its planningstage days to the present, the

Lord to bless the Tabernacle "to be a holy and sacred Tabernacle has had a great economic effect on -Salt place wherein thy servants may stand forth to declare Lake City. Thousands of workers helped build it

thy words and minister unto thy people in the name of and have been employed during the various remodelthy Son forever."ing programs. Today six men are employed fulltime

The building has been remodeled and changed to keep the building in top condition at all times, and through the years as science and technology have three other men, organ technicians, are employed to opened new doors and avenues to improvement. The work on the organ. During the summer, when

choir loft has been rebuilt half a dozen times; new tourists descend upon the building in great numbers,

electrical and heating systems have been installed; additional men must be employed. And, as one of the

broadcast facilities have been added; the balcony top tourist attractions in the city and the scene of

stairs have been remodeled to allow for outside rather numerous concerts and programs, the building has than inside access; and many other improvements had tremendous impact on the economy of the entire

have been made. community.

One of the unique features of the building, a feaThe building is in use daily, with groups of tourture that gives it such marvelous acoustical properties ists pouring in and out of its doors every thirty minand also allows for uninterrupted sightlines from any utes during the winter months and every twenty seat is the immense dome. (One writer for a national minutes in the summer. Each day except Sunday

magazine said the building "reminds you of a slow, many thousands attend the noontime organ recitals.

primordial, manylegged turtle slumbering among the The Tabernacle Choir can be heard there in recurved walks and tidy flower beds and trees that hearsal Thursday evenings and in its weekly network accent the Square's wellbarbered grass.") broadcast Sunday mornings.

Between the ceiling and the roof of the building The Tabernacle has been the home of the Utah is a space of nine feet. A hike up the ladders and Symphony for about two decades, and during the

across the ceiling reveals the original latticed wooden 196667 season sixteen concerts were scheduled there—

arches, lashed together by rawhide and fleshed toapproximately one concert every ten days—in addition

gether by plaster mixed with animal hair to give to regular rehearsals.

strength and stability. Within this ninefoot space Adding to the crowds who visit the building each

are giant cables for electrical lines and pipes for the year are those who attend general conference sessions sprinkler system. The roof itself was originally each April and October as well as the conferences of

covered by 350,000 shingles, which were later rethe Church auxiliaries.

April 1967 23 Funeral services have been held there for many noble men and women, including President Brigham

Young, whose vision spearheaded construction of the building and who lived to see it become an important center for the Church and the community.

Great religious figures have appeared in the Tabernacle, ranging from General William Booth of the

Salvation Army to the Rev. John M. Reiner, a noted

Catholic priest, and Dr. Norman Vincent Peale,

modernday minister. In May 1928, it was the convention setting for the Episcopal Synod Province of the

Pacific.

Many of the world's greatest opera stars and musicians of the past century have included Salt Lake City and the Tabernacle on their concert itineraries, including Nellie Melba, Lili Pons, Rise

Stevens, Lauritz Melchior, Paderewski, Fritz

Kreisler, Vladimir Horowitz, Mischa Elman,

Sergei Rachmaninoff, Jascha Heifetz, Van Cliburn.

One of the greatest of the Metropolitan Opera stars almost appeared there—but was foiled by a ruling on

use of the building. In 1927 a

presentation of The Barber of Seville with Feodor

Improvement Era

Chaliapin in the starring role had to be cancelled and Eisteddfod, a Welsh competitive singing festival, was tickets refunded because of a rule at that time that held there in 1895. The Salt Lake Oratorio Society

performances in costume were forbidden in the presents Handel's Messiah each Christmas season and building. also appears in concert with the Utah Symphony.

In addition to the Utah Symphony, the Tabernacle During MIA June Conference choirs of more than has played host to most of the world's great orchestras, 1,000 youth delight audiences, and general conference including the New York Philharmonic, the Philaand auxiliary conference sessions have featured singdelphia Orchestra, the Cleveland Symphony, and the ing mothers choruses, Primary children choruses,

Minneapolis Symphony, groups from Brigham Young University, Ricks College,

In its early days, the Tabernacle was the scene of and the institutes of religion, and even a Samoan many lectures that today are more commonly held on chorus from Oahu Stake in Hawaii.

local college campuses. Madame Mountford, a native The days of the Tabernacle have not been without

of Jerusalem, attracted audiences for three successive excitement. During a Fourth of July celebration in

nights in 1897 with her lectures on village life in Pales1887, fireworks ignited the roof, but, according to tine, the bedouins of the desert, and the life of Jacob. Church historical records, "the flames were promptly

The same year Senator Frank J. Church lectured on put out by the fire brigade before doing much dam-

"The Manners and Customs of the Japanese and age."(Today the building is well protected by a

Chinese."But while most lectures and concert persensitive sprinkler system, installed in the ceiling in

formers welcomed the opportunity to appear before recent years.)

the vast audiences that filled the auditorium, Madame In 1933 water pipes froze and burst one bitterly

Sarah Bernhardt, the famous French actress, could not cold night, causing extensive damage to some of the be prevailed upon to enter any buildings owned by walls and carpets. Six inches of water accumulated

the Church during her Salt Lake City visit in 1906. in the basement under the organ, but the organ itself

Most of the United States Presidents and presiwas not touched.

dential candidates have spoken from the Tabernacle's On a quiet January Sunday in 1938, four men were rostrum in this century. Presidents Theodore Roosefound spraying gasoline on the building. During the

velt, William Howard Taft, Woodrow Wilson, Warren ensuing scuffle, one of them was severely burned. It

G. Harding, Franklin D. Roosevelt, Harry S Truman, turned out that the leader of the group had not been

John F. Kennedy, and Lyndon B. Johnson spoke granted a request to speak in the Tabernacle on "perthere, as did presidential candidates James G. Blaine, sonal talks with God."

Dwight D. Eisenhower, Adlai Stevenson, Richard M. On the lighter side, the auditorium used to be

Nixon, and Barry Goldwater. cooled by a water fountain in the middle of the main

One of the busiest areas of the Tabernacle is the floor. One hot day a young boy from Hawaii, who was

baptismal font, which was dedicated February 3, attending conference with his parents, dived impul1890, and is located in the southwest corner of the sively into the fountain, much to the amusement (and basement. Ten stakes perform their baptisms here, probably the envy) of the congregation.

with two being assigned for each weekday, Monday While the Tabernacle has indeed been a great civic through Friday. The airconditioned font area has and cultural center for the Saints and the community,

seating for 110 people. At each baptismal session, however, it is first and foremost a house of worship.

ten to twelve people are baptized, and during the past From its pulpit have spoken prophets of God, whose two years more than 5,000 baptisms have been persermons have expounded the doctrines of the Church, formed there. called the world to repentance, and defined the way

The building's acoustics are world famous, but to life eternal.

because of deaf spots, particularly in the choir seats, The late President Stephen L Richards of the First they are anything but a dream for a choir singer—Presidency summed up this function of the Taberthose sitting in the alto section can scarcely hear the nacle eloquently in an April conference address in

basses. For the audience, however, the magnificent 1952, when he told about "the noble servants of our

sounds of choirs singing in the Tabernacle are thrilling Heavenly Father who have stood here and given and spine tingling. inspired counsel to the people, and borne testimony

Many great choirs have sung there, in addition to with such power and conviction and spirit as to the Tabernacle Choir. Church historical records tell electrify every soul who heard...."This is truly the

of a performance June 17, 1887, of the cantata greatest function and destiny of the Salt Lake "Belchazzar"by Zion's Choral Union. The Great Tabernacle. O

April 1967 25 Vl By MabelEditorialJones AssociateGabbott

"It is

the spirit

\ of the laliri'iiarlc Choir It is Thursday night on Temple Square. Inside the

j} Tabernacle, choir members are greeting each other, that makes it great. checking their music, taking their places. Choir

—Eugene Ormandy '*.Conductor.. even thoughRichardyouP. Condie'ssing pianissimo,directionsmakeare specific:it vital."

It is rehearsal time. A prayer is offered, and Isaac

Stewart, choir president, makes announcements about coming tours. As he concludes, he says, "Eugene

Ormandy said to me, 'There are many choirs in the nation. What makes the Salt Lake Mormon Tabernacle Choir such a tremendous choir?'And I answered,

'It could be the singers; it could be the conductor; it

could be the organ or the organists; or it could be the

building. It is all this and more; it is the spirit of the

Mormon Tabernacle Choir that makes it great.'

On August 27, 1847, just one month and three days after the arrival of the pioneers in Salt Lake Valley, a special conference was held in the old bowery. "President Brigham presided,"says the Journal History,

"... and the choir sang two hymns."

They had come with song! From England and

Wales, from Nauvoo and Winter Quarters, the Mormon pioneers had come walking across dusty prairies, through swollen rivers, and over mountain passes, singing, "All is well."Now in the old bowery the

choir expressed in song a people's gratitude for this "place"in the valley.

In 1849 John Parry was chosen to direct the central choir for meetings in the bowery and later in the old tabernacle. In 1854 Elder Parry was called on a mission to Great Britain, and Stephen Goddard became

the second conductor of the Tabernacle Choir, followed by James Smithies, Charles J. Thomas, and

Robert Sands.

Robert Sands, a talented musician who was born in Ireland, was called to lead the choir in 1865. The

Improvement Era

"I have learned discipline in singing and conduct,"one member said.

plans for the new Tabernacle were underway, and he called on architect Truman Angell to suggest a few changes in the west end to better accommodate the choir and its conductor. On October 6, 1867, at

the semiannual conference of the Church in the new

Tabernacle, Robert Sands led the Tabernacle Choir.

From many volunteers, 150 men and women were chosen to sing for this great occasion.

Today, representing the two and onehalf million members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints, 375 choir members, blessed with the gift of music, send out to the world a unique and urgent message in song; and the greatness of the choir is

measured by the greatness of each individual choir member. Like their pioneer ancestors, the present choir memEach member has been auditioned for voice pitch bers represent many lands and many peoples. Having

and tone quality and for the ability to blend with this heritage of a knowledge and appreciation of others in a choral group. Voluntarily and gladly they music from other lands gives strength to the choir.

give of their time and talents. Members must When the choir toured Europe in 1955, in each counarrange family affairs or business responsibilities in try visited, choir members whose forebears came from

order to be available for all choir demands. Before that nation were acknowledged and asked to stand.

the days of artificial lighting, choir practices were The members of the audience identified themselves held in the afternoons and members had to get perand their land more personally with the choir, and mission from their employers to attend. Now, on a in each land the choir received great ovation from the

Sunday morning, while the choir is warming up for audience.

the CBS broadcast, a mother at the telephone behind Years earlier this difference of nationalities prothe choir seats may be heard to say, "Are you ready vided an amusing development. Brigham Young

for Sunday School, son? Then hurry along."asked the Tabernacle Choir to sing at the Salt Lake

The choir members come from all walks of life. Theatre to bring a note of lightness to a heavily

Among them are doctors and stenographers, business dramatic season. The choir arranged for a quartet,

executives and youthful students, farmers and recently arrived from Wales, to sing with them in the librarians. Some loyal members have given as many wings as an echo. As the choir sang, "To the echo

as twenty to forty years'service. Others give brief in the hollow hills,"the echo replied, "To the hecho in

service. One young lady from New Jersey arranged the 'ollow 'ills."

to join the choir as a visiting singer during her When asked, "What have you learned as a member three months summer vacation. From Cleveland, of the Tabernacle Choir?"one member of many years'

Ohio, a young woman who had only six months to experience answered, "I have learned discipline—selflive expressed one request—that she might sing with discipline:"Discipline in training and discipline in

the Mormon Tabernacle Choir in rehearsal. Arrangeconduct—choir members understand that their charments were made, and with choked emotions and a acter must be above reproach, their conduct exemplary

grateful heart, she sang with the choir. always. In his late years, Brother Joseph A. Cornwall,

April 1967 27 mamHE

Members give of their time and talents gladly, voluntarily.

father of choir conductor J. Spencer Cornwall, said the call of music: "It was like suddenly finding oneto the choir, "Better than all your singing is your self deeply in love. The world became a new creation,

beautiful, upright, righteous life."and rhythm began to manifest itself in everything."

The members of the Tabernacle Choir represent Evan Stephens was named conductor in 1890, and many facets of our complicated lives and many areas for 26 years the choir members and the Church felt of our worldwide Church; but when the conductor his vitality and inexhaustible energy. The choir was

lifts his baton, they become one voice, the voice of increased to a membership of 300, and great recognithe Tabernacle Choir. tion was gained through concerts and contests.

Each conductor of the Tabernacle Choir has made In Professor Anthony C. Lund, choir conductor

unusual and distinctive contributions to the choir's from 1916 to 1935, were combined a thorough musical effectiveness. Like the pioneers themselves, the contraining and unusual ability as a teacher. Perhaps in

ductors came to Zion with song. George Careless, this quality as teacher lay his greatest value to the

who succeeded Robert Sands in 1869, came to Amermembers of the choir individually and as an organizaica on the boat Hudson, from his home in London, tion. During his term of service, the music of the

England. While unloading, the captain of the boat choir, through affiliation with radio broadcasting,

asked Elder Careless for one of his songs. "I am reached farther than ever before.

sorry,"said Elder Careless, "but my music is all In 1935 J. Spencer Cornwall was chosen as conpacked up."When the captain insisted that he must ductor of the Tabernacle Choir. Along with fine

have one, Elder Careless sat on a barrel of bacon, musicianship, Elder Cornwall possessed a deep took a rough piece of paper out of his pocket, and spirituality and a keen sense of humor that bound the wrote a tune. Calling it "The Hudson,"in honor of choir to him in loyalty and love. After the choir had

the ship, he gave it to the captain. We sing it today made a particularly slow beginning at one rehearsal,

as one of our beloved hymns, "The Morning Breaks."Elder Cornwall said, with a smiling apology to the

When Elder Careless arrived in Salt Lake City, choir members, "That was my fault; I started withBrigham Young said to him, "I have a mission for out you."

you. I want you to take the Tabernacle Choir and As the Choir gained worldwide recognition, a twolay a foundation for good music."Professor Careless way responsibility became evident: what the members

was a master in music, and under his gentle, quiet brought to the choir, in beauty of voice and character, leadership, the choir was well trained and well dependability and devotion, and what the choir disciplined. brought to them, in experience, training, and travel.

One of the greatest services to the choir and to the Because the members come as volunteers, offering

Church was the careful and thorough way in which their time and talents, they are more willing to give of

Ebenezer Beesley, conductor from 1880 to 1889, colthemselves to make of the group a successful whole.

lected and compiled music for the choir and for genThe performance of the choir is always the first eral use in the Church. concern of the conductor. Periodically we read, in

As the Tabernacle Choir reflected the master the history of the choir, suggestions "in the kindest musicianship, the training and discipline of Professors manner possible"that "out of tune"singers, monoCareless and Beesley, so the members of the choir tones, or "members who are not up to the standard absorbed and responded to the great innate love of they should be"should withdraw from the choir.

music of Evan Stephens. Converted to the gospel Frequently a reorganization would be effected, but the

in Wales, Elder Stephens described his awakening to number of holdovers always outnumbered the new

28 Improvement Era Choir conductor Richard P. Condie.

Program is also recorded for delayed broadcasts.

"The most pretentious series of vocal programs ever undertaken on the air,"said network official.

members, thus keeping a continuity of personnel, of repertoire, and of choir essence.

Richard P. Condie, conductor since 1957, says:

"The choir is a unique organization that is different from most musical groups. The members have a common interest and purpose; this is their loyalty to the

Church and their great desire to bring our message with music and the spoken word to people all over the world. It has been my purpose in working with

the choir to have them perform with artistry, with verve, and with enthusiasm, in order to deliver a message and to lead them to fulfillment of their considerable and unique potentialities."

A great choir and a great conductor need great

April 1967 29 Choir members come from all walks of life, represent many lands, peoples.

music. Added to the artistry with which the Tabernacle three o'clock on a Monday afternoon; many of the

Choir presents the music of the masters is its distincchoir members had had to be released from their work tive interpretation of Mormon music. William Clayto be in their places at the Tabernacle. Professor

ton's "Come, Come Ye Saints,"which sustained the Anthony C. Lund, choir conductor, had been hesitant,

people across the plains, was sung to every group of fearful that the airwaves would not carry the balanced

Saints arriving in the valley and is very dear to memtones of the choir. An announcer in Newark, New

bers of the Church today. It is a hymn that is freJersey, had announced the program as "the most prequently requested by listeners all over the world. Eliza tentious series of vocal programs ever undertaken on

R. Snow's "O My Father"is also a favorite. the air."Today the weekly Tabernacle Choir broadThe choir has given to the world a century of singcast is the oldest continuous coastto-coast program in

ing—classical favorites, familiar songs, and beloved American radio.

hymns. In 1875 George Careless directed the choir In June 1930 Richard L. Evans became announcer

in its first performance of Handel's Messiah, featurfor the choir broadcast. Two years later, when KSL

ing 200 performers and an orchestra. In 1958 the and the Salt Lake Mormon Tabernacle Choir affiliated

choirs recording of Messiah with the Philadelphia with CBS, Richard L. Evans, as announcer, writer, and

Orchestra, conducted by Eugene Ormandy, won a producer, evolved the format of the present weekly gold record. program, "Music and the Spoken Word."Each Sunday

The songs of the choir are as personal missionaries, Elder Evans comes to his radio audience with a fresh taking the message of the Church to all peoples, openand often startling discussion of a vital topic pertinent ing the door to many seekers of truth, building in all to life and living. Through the many years of continulands a favorable image of the choir, of America, and ously presented sermonettes, there is a notable lack of

of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. repetition. One listener says of these exquisite brief

After the European tour of 1955, the significance of sermons: "I'm positive that no one else alive can put

the music of the choir was expressed when a gentleso much thought and inspiration into as few words as man in Wiesbaden, Germany, remarked that the best you do.""The Spoken Word"is published each month

definition of Americanism he had ever heard was in in The Improvement Era. From these choice thoughts

the song "Come, Come Ye Saints,"which says, "We'll Brother Evans has had twelve books published, his find the place which God for us prepared, far away latest being Faith, Peace and Purpose, which was in the west, where none shall come to hurt or make made available to his readers in October 1966.

afraid...."Who can measure how much the choir This radio affiliation opened new opportunities for

tour had meant in public relations for America as well the choir to give greater service to the Church. There

as for the Church? followed such honors as the Peabody awardwinning

In 1867, when plans for the Tabernacle organ were television program, Let Freedom Ring; "Wide, Wide

underway, President Brigham Young said, "We can't World"; the first intercontinental telecast, via Telstar

preach the gospel unless we have good music. I am satellite, from Mount Rushmore National Memorial;

waiting patiently for the organ to be finished; then and two Cinerama productions, as well as other films.

we can sing the gospel into the hearts of the people."The Tabernacle Choir was selected by the U. S. InThe year 1927 promised dramatic fulfillment of formation Service to be featured in a documentary

these words as the choir experimented with the film, With Music Ring, which won several intermedium of radio. The first regular network choir and national awards.

organ program was broadcast on July 15, 1929. It was The choir's numerous albums have won a permanent

30 Improvement Era Some loyal members, such as Sister Jessie Evans Smith, have given as many as 40 years'service.

"Even though you sing pianissimo, make it vital."

place in many record libraries. One recording,

"Battle Hymn of the Republic,"became a bestselling hit, winning for the choir the coveted gold record and "Grammy"award. Among other widely acclaimed

albums are The Beloved Choruses, This Land Is Your

Land, Bless This House, The Lord's Prayer, Songs of the North and South, and five albums of Christmas music, including The Joy of Christmas, recorded in 1963 with the New York Philharmonic under the baton of Leonard Bernstein.

Since 1893, when the choir was invited to sing at the Columbian Exposition at Chicago, the concert triumphs of the Tabernacle Choir have covered most of the United States, Canada, Great Britain, and Europe. Richard L. Evans evolved format for "Music and the Spoken Word."

Traveling first by horse and buggy, then in special railroad cars, the choir now travels by air, in chartered jet planes. On March 24 of this year the choir flew

to Phoenix, Arizona, where a tenstake concert was held in the new Veteran's Memorial Coliseum, which has a seating capacity of 14,000. Later this summer

the choir will go to Montreal, Canada, to participate in Expo 67, marking the 100th anniversary of the

Dominion of Canada.

The greatest joy that comes to individual members of the choir is participating in general conferences of the Church in the great Tabernacle, knowing that miraculously through the air over worldwide WNYW their heartfelt message in song will reach a missionary brother in Argentina, a father and mother in Western

Germany, or a sweetheart in South America.

There are many choirs. What makes the Tabernacle

Choir a great choir? Perhaps it is the setting—the

worldrenowned Tabernacle—and the famous organ on

Temple Square; perhaps it is the conductors; perhaps

it is the faithfulness, the devoted lives of the choir members; perhaps it is the new and stimulating message the hymns of Mormondom bring to the world.

But more than all that is the spirit of the choir, disseminating the Lord's message of truth and beauty, compassion and love to all his people everywhere.O

April 1967 31 Temple Square Tabernacle ChoirJ organ

Today

/NSTANT The fcfesf Bi*j Breakfast Era cup Asks CupJa

What Do

ii|dividual servings of NEWINSTANT C/VFFEW FREt Breakfast Cup

Discover this old favorite in its new, convenient instant

form! Now made by the new freezedry method that captures all

of the natural flavor. Highly concentrated, "SKJJJJS*

fastdissolving, economical, delicious! K9 W\

SIMPLY SEND A SELFADDRESSED, STAMPED ENVELOPE TODAY, TO:

LOMA LINDA FOODS Dept. A Breakfast

California Riverside, 92505 (Offer good only in Continental U.S.) BP 'JO*

QUALITY FOODS SINCE 1906

Look for this jar at your food store

Schedule for Temple Square Tours—Summer schedule (JuneSeptember): Every 2030

minutes 6 a.m. to 9 p.m. Winter schedule: Every half hour,

8 a.m. to 6 p.m. All tours, which begin near the south gate,

are about an hour and fifteen minutes in length and include the film Man's Search for Happiness in the new Visitors'

Center. The film is shown every half hour.

Tabernacle Organ recitals—Summer schedule: Noon and

7:30 p.m. six days a week and 4 p.m. Sunday. Winter schedule: At noon six days a week and 4 p.m. Sunday.

Visitors'Center—Summer: 7:00 a.m. -9:30 p.m. Winter:

8:30 a.m. -7:30 p.m. daily.

Richard Warner, Russell Harris

Tourists Want to Learn at Temple Square*?

Millions of travelers from around see the film Mans Search for HapSmith—Most American tourists

the world have visited Temple piness. know that George Romney or Billy

Square and been impressed by Harris—I'm always surprised at the Casper or some other prominent

what they have seen and heard. number of people interested in the person is a Mormon. They are

The following interview is with Tabernacle organ. Even people conscious of famous figures and

four guides, who have a combined with musical background conaware of what they read about total of 55 years of guide experistantly ask if it is the biggest organ Mormons in newspapers and magaence: Russell Harris, teachers in the world and if it is the best. zines.

quorum adviser, an attorney; MarSmith—It's amazing how many Warner—It is surprising how many

vin Curtis, second counselor in the tourists listen either regularly or octourists on Temple Square also

Monument Park Stake presidency, casionally to the Tabernacle Choir visited the New York World's Fair a businessman; Joseph R. Smith, and organ. Many who proudly and remember the Mormon Pafirst counselor in the Bountiful 13th identify themselves with their own vilion.

Ward bishopric, mortgage and faith listen regularly to the choir Smith—Although the number is not

loan officer; Richard Warner, secbroadcast and feel that Elder Richlarge, there is a constant percentond counselor in the University ard L. Evans is their "pastor of the age who have heard segments of

Stake presidency, manager of an air. general conferences. On a recent

automobile agency. Curtis—I have a tour that ends at tour I found people from Wiscon-

Q—What most interests tourists noon,must atdecidewhichwhethertime tourto memberssee the whosin, Newhad York,heardandconferencethe deep broadSouth

about Temple Square? film or attend the organ recital. casts.

Warner—The temple and the TabThe recital always draws the larger

ernacle are the two buildings they number. Q—What percentage of the tourhave seen in pictures and that hold ists have had contact with our

their fascination. Here on one city Q—Do you find that many tourists missionaries, and what are their

block we have two of the most have had previous contact with attitudes about them?

widely recognizable buildings in the Church or members of the Warner—Somewhere between 25

the world. Our early architecture Church? and 30 percent know about our

alone has been a great missionary Warner—More and more people missionaries being in their area,

aid for the gospel. In fact, the late who visit Temple Square have had although perhaps only five percent

great architect Frank Lloyd Wright contact with the Church and its have ever talked with them. But

said that the Tabernacle was a members. Recently a woman said, those who have met our missionmiracle of modern architecture. "I have a neighbor back in Grand aries nearly always comment on

Smith—The new Visitors'Center is Island, Nebraska, who is a Mormon. the high caliber of young men or

a lasting memory for many visitors, I've hesitated to talk much about women who represent the Church.

because in it they see our replica of religion with her, but now I want They usually want to know what the Christus statue, view the paintto read about it, and I'm going to special training they have had to ings and murals of Christ's life, and ask her some questions."teach them to speak so well.—

April 1967 35 NONDRINKING DRIVERS.

If your present insurance man

offer you this bargainWONT...WE WILL!

"All the protection of most standard auto policies—PLUS EIGHT

are the most common reADDITIONAL BROADER Q—What

COVERAGES... and curringHarris—Allquestionsof the ofguidestourists?have comit will cost you less mented within the past year or

thanstandard rates!"two about the significant increase

in the number of people who really

Wm, N. Plymat, President want to learn about the Church.

Preferred Bisk Mutual They want to know about our docInsurance Company trine and our position and beliefs on many subjects. I think it reflects the more mature, sophisticated age in which we live. Many

If your insurance man offered you a better policy—at lowertourists are fact or curiosity seekhis offer? Of course you accept thanstandard-rates—would

bargain! Preferred you would. That's a genuine Risk ers, but a growing number are

—offersMutuaFs youFAMILYall the AUTOprotectionPOLICY—forof standardnondrinkersauto policiesonly worldpeople whowith broadask thoughtprovokingawareness of the

PLUS EIGHT ADDITIONAL, BROADER COVERAGES questions with genuine interest.—AT LOWER COST than standard bureau rates! If your

present insurance man won't offer you this bargain Curtis—I notice a constant number

WE WILL! of questions on the relationship of

MONEYBACK GUARANTEE Jesus Christ and Christianity to the

ASK FOR YOUR PERSONAL RATE QUOTATION TODAY—Church.

Look for your Preferred Risk Mutual agent in 'Yellow Pages,"or Smith—All of the guides are asked

about temples, plural marriage, and the missionary program. Tourists

want to know how missionaries INSURANCE CO. sustain themselves, how long they

2150 So. 2nd West, Dent. IE-4-67 preach, and what they do after

obligation, me, without Please send complete information automobile on your insurance for Total Abstainers. their missions.

a total abstainer, and I am have had for no accidents the past 3 or 5 years. Q

one) Curtis (Check—Tourists ask about our beName Address ] have had my lief in the eternal nature of the

driver's license family. This usually brings up the City State..years.

subject of divorce, which many

Occupation No. of Cars in Family I have taken a

...,. driver training tourists have already experienced.

Make of Car Model Year No. of cyls. course, n Yes n No Smith—Concerning the eternal naCar Is Used for: Circle Owner I Auto ture family, of the recently met a

of This Insurance Business couple Car MYSELF PRINCIPALDRIVER ALL1. OTHER2. DRIVERS3. Expires:My sealed had just been who

Pleasure BIRTH DATE Month in the temple. She said that when To and from work SEX

, Day....miles one way MARRIED Year she was 14 years old her parents

.America's First Total Abstainer's Automobile Insurance Company

Not available in New York, New Jersey, Maryland, Massachusetts, North Carolina, or Virginia.

36 Improvement Era brought her to Temple Square, and does a tour include? entation sounds so logical and reathe only thing she remembered was Harris—Today's tour is different sonable that they say to themselves,

hearing about eternal marriage. than it has been previously because in effect, "That's what I believe,

When missionaries knocked on her we want to get to the Visitors'too"—even though their church

door, she asked them in to discuss Center early. We start at seagull usually does not teach it. This

it with her. Both she and her husmonument, where we discuss the means, then, that most people do

band soon joined the Church. pioneers coming into the valley. not know what their church

Harris -I find that many visitors Then we move near the temple and teaches.

are deeply fascinated by the orgadiscuss eternal covenants. From Curtis—Many people wonder why

nizational nature of a church that there we go to the Tabernacle, we do not use the cross in our involves so many of its members. where we play a taperecorded buildings or as part of our archiTo help them better understand, I number by the Choir. Our final tecture. We inform them that we

often appoint one person in each stop is at the Visitors'Center, focus our attention on the fact that tour as a "bishop."As we go around where our tour centers on the life Jesus lives and that we'll also live

the Square I let him and various of Christ and the restoration of the after death.

people he has called to offices know gospel through Joseph Smith. We

of their duties pertaining to the end the tour with the film Mans Q—What are the basic concepts

welfare program or conducting an, Search for Happiness. Many peothat Temple Square guides want

interview for a temple recommend. ple come away from the film with to communicate to tourists?

A minister or a prominent lay memmoist eyes. Warner—I want them to know that

ber of a church often will ask after the Church is more than just a the tour how we are able to have Q—What are the tourists'most sect or a religion; it is also a way

so many people working so enercommon misconceptions about the of life. Membership in the Church

getically together over such a long Church? changes our entire outlook.

period of their lives. Harris—They have numerous misHarris—We want tourists to leave

Curtis—Although questions reveal conceptions about the life of Joseph knowing that we believe in Jesus

interest, often those people who Smith, plural marriage, doctrinal Christ and that he is the center of are moved the most do not ask teachings of the Church, even the the Church. Beyond that I try to

questions. Recently a tall fellow name of the Church. But our bigteach something about our eternal

joined one of my tours and seemed gest problem is not necessarily miscovenants, the Godhead truths, and to scowl all the way through it. At conceptions about us—it is their that we are a familycentered

the end he waited until several own misconceptions about thempeople.

others had talked to me, then folselves. Often tourists will say that Curtis -I'm there to tell them that

lowed me to my car. I could then they believe exactly as we have the gospel has been restored, that

see that he was emotionally moved, outlined concerning baptism, the the earth needs it, and that they as and we talked about the gospel. eternal nature of the family, the individuals need it.

Q—What stops on Temple Square literalitynature of ofthetheGodhead.resurrection,Ourorpresthe Q—In common with most missionApril 1967 37

for seven nights to see the film and enter into the discussions following it. They returned home to

GET SET FOR A GREAT Michigan, found the missionaries,

SUMMER OF and soon joined the Church.

Warner—Recently a magazine editor told me a fascinating story

about about an acquaintance she had met while in Texas training for the Peace Corps. This friend had

met LDS missionaries in South LEARNING America and was convinced they were teaching the truth, so she decided to join the Church even though her family opposed the idea. She wrote to her fiance, who

1967 BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY was in Spain at the time, explaining

Summer aries, you undoubtedly have many that although she loved him deeply, choice experiences. Do you have she felt she must join the Church.

any you'd like to share with us? At the same time—almost the same

Fun -filled days of supervised vacation, Smith -With the current "God is day—her fiance in Spain wrote her,

learning, and personal development on a dead"concept circling the world, saying that he hoped his fiancee university modern campus.

it is an inspiration to see the numwould understand but he had met 2nd Annua! ber of heads that nod in agreement some Latterday Saints, and he

Theatre Workshop 14 when we talk about prayer in rewanted to join the Church. The June 12—July

Intensive classes in acting, voice, interpretalation to the seagull monument. young editor who told me this

lighting, costuming, tion, makeup, scenery In every tour there are always many story said that since this experidesign. construction and

who nod or whisper in agreement ence, she had strongly desired to 3rd Annual (Girls) about the fact that God is alive visit Temple Square and find out

B.Y.U. Youth Academy July 3-14 and real, not dead. They are glad about the Church for herself. 1930 and June

Kaleidoscope of learning and fun—stimuto find someone brave enough to Harris—We've touched on somespecial lating classes and excursions—say that God is alive. thing quite important. People for girls. vacation a dream

Curtis—Recently I met again a from all over the world come to

9th Annual (Boys) couple who had been on a tour Temple Square—but for reasons

Clinic B.Y.U. Youth 3-14 more than a year ago. At that that sometimes even they don't and July June 1930

Wellrounded boys'program including athletic time they had not intended to visit understand. They often feel that

and academic courses, wholesome fun and Salt Lake City, but they were im- a spirit that they can't explain is fellowship.

pressed while traveling to stop and directing them. Sometimes they

23rd Annual see Temple Square. They were take off their hats when they enter

Music Summer Clinic good Christians and had been sendthe grounds. All of the guides say

12 July 31—August

Exciting summer music vacation—intensive ing tithing to a radio pastor bethat the one thing that impresses

choral, training in band, orchestra, and cause they believed in the principle. people about Temple Square is that work. ensemble

I remember having a long converwhile they are there, they are hear11th Annual sation with them after the tour and ing the truth, many of them for the

High School saying, "The Lord brought you here first time in their lives.

Publications Workshop because you are going to join the Smith—In this respect I would like

August 7-11 appreciate guides Church."add that Within the year they to we workjournalism Practical experience production,—in andin yearbook newspaper shops attend of the baptized. Church who members were photography. advertising and

Harris—I have a letter from a our tours but who do not prod the

woman who walked by Temple guide by saying, "Tell them this,"

Square one summer evening and or "Tell them that."We encourage FOR BROCHURES AND INFORMATION

Write entered to see the outdoor movie Church members to visit Temple the tour, enjoy but there. to Square family and to was Her shown PROGRAMS YOUTH try as guides to serve they shouldn't the next morning but town and Conferences leave Special Courses

242-E HRCB, Brigham Young University altered their schedule and returned themselves while on a guided Prove, Utah 84601 tour.O

38 Improvement Era t Good reading from Bookcraf

RESEARCHGENEALOGICAL ESSENTIALS JOURNAL OF DISCOURSES

H. Prattby Norman E. Wright and David

A concise, factfilled reference covering all facets of genealogy compiled uBlUXB 60111011 flOW Olljy $59.95

by two of the most respected authorities in the field. Includes many

examples, photographs and charts. CO en r,By popular demand,, Bookcraft, is repeating this special. offer on the com- $0.uU

IVIIoolUINAKMICCIHM ADVT tlLLroUP I DC goldenP'e * e 26volume,opportunitydeluxeto addeditionthis outstandingof "Journal workof Discourses."to your libraryNowat isa yoursubby Robert W. Daynes stantial saving.

An interesting and instructive guide to help new and experienced missionIf you wish, you can purchase the complete set in three easyto-pay installaries improve their performance. The inspired text explains how proper ments. (1) Pay only $29.95 now and you will receive the first ten volumes.

attitude and habits will lead to success in the mission field. <ri nr\ (2) Next month, purchase eight more volumes for only $15.00. (3) The

* "following month, complete your set with the final eight volumes for $15.00,

ACCORDING TO YOUR FAITH Total price on the budget purchase plan is $59.95.

by Emma Marr Petersen If you buy the complete set now for $59,95 you will receive as a free

An exciting and faith promoting new novel for teenagers. Sister Petersen bonus the handsomely bound index valued at $2.95. Hurry, this offer ends

presents a beautiful story interwoven with high morality and Church June 30, 1967.

teachings. Inspiring reading for younglatterday Saints. CO OS

BOOKCRAFT 1 1 86 So. Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah

BY MAIL OR ORDER FROM Enclosed is my check or money order in the amount of $ Please send the

.ij'S book(s): O FALL'S following khZ)

JOURNAL OF DISCOURSES

Complete set including free index, price $59.95.

Budget purchase plan: i agree to purchase the first ten volumes now for $29.95. Next month, I will purchase eight more volumes for

$15.00. The following month I will purchase the final eight volumes for $15.00. Total price for 26volumes is $59.95.

GENEALOGICAL RESEARCH ESSENTIALS

MISSIONARY HELPS ACCORDING TO YOUR FAITH

Name

Address.

City, State, Zip.

(Residents of Utah add M% sales tax) B-467

Throughout the ages, the Lord God has spoken to his servants the prophets, providing guidance

for his children through them.

Paintings by Harry Anderson jr

ADAM NOAH ABRAHAM

To Adam the Lord, And God spake unto Noah, And when Abram was said: "Be fruitful, and to his sons with him, ninety years old and nine, the

and multiply, and replenish saying: "And I, behold, I Lord appeared to Abram,

the earth, and subdue it."establish my covenant with and said unto him:"! am the

Genesis 1:28 you, and with your seed Almighty God; walk before

after you."me, and be thou perfect. And

Genesis 9:8 I will make my covenant

between me and thee, and will multiply thee exceedingly."

Genesis 12:1,2

MOSES PETER JOSEPH SMITH

The Lord spake unto Moses To Peter came the word of the As God revealed his will to face to face, as a man speaketh Lord, saying: "Go ye therefore, Kient man, so he has raised

unto his friend: "I am the Lord and teach all nations, baptizing a prophet in the latter

thy God...Thou shalt have no them in the name of the Father, fays, saying: "Wherefore, I the

other gods before me. Thou and of the Son, and of the.ord, called upon my servant

shalt not make any graven Holy Ghost: Teaching them to )seph Smith, and spake unto

image, or any likeness of observe all things whatsoever vim from heaven, and gave him anything..."I have commanded you.">mmandments...and I have

Exodus 2:2, 3, 4 and 33:11 Matthew 28:19,20 jnt forth the fullness of my

gospel by the hand of my servant Joseph."

Doctrine & Covenants 1:17,35:17

for new Visitors'Center on Temple Square.

Tfh mPopular lilies

From whence came the idea behind the unique shape of the worldrenowned Salt Lake Tabernacle? The

full account seems to have been lost with the passing of the years. However, several plausible stories of

how Brigham Young illustrated the building he had in mind have persisted. They concern the shell of a

turtle, an umbrella, the roof of the mouth, an egg, the hull of a ship, and an orchestra stand. The egg and

umbrella stories seem to be most widely circulated.

Brigham Young is said to have used the shell of an egg to show the shape of the proposed building. When told that it would collapse, he reportedly

picked up the scoopedout shell and answered with a question: Why doesn't this

collapse? Several persons testify that they have heard this story from Susa Young

Gates, the pioneer leader's daughter.

Another: One day a friend asked "Brother Brigham"where the idea came

from. "From the best soundingboard in the world, the roof of my mouth,"was

the reply. This story could have developed after the building gained fame for its

acoustical properties. The teeth could be compared with the piers and the

roof of the mouth with the arched roof. There is no contemporary evidence

supporting the story of the "human mouth pattern."

Look at the Tabernacle. Now, shut one eye and imagine it inverted. Does

it not seem to be the keelless hull of a giant ship? Many of the pioneers of

that day were emigrants or had served missions in other lands, making them well acquainted with ships. And, with the "turtle"story, the keelless hull theory

has been traced back to the times of the construction of the Tabernacle. However, there is nothing definitely confirmed.

On a cloudy day, so goes another story, President Young met Henry Grow, who was to build the Tabernacle, on the street. Raising his umbrella, the leader

stated that that was the shape he desired. Another story, this told in Grow family

circles, is that Brigham Young and Henry Grow visited the old suspension bridge across the Jordan River that Brother Grow had designed, and Brother Young asked about an adaptation of the lattice principle used there.

Credited again to the late Mrs. Gates, herself a Church stalwart and

historian: The old Tabernacle, designed much like the band shells and orchestra

stands in many parks, brought the reasoning that if such a segment reflected sound, why not extend that type of construction to an entire building?

Stewart L. Grow of Brigham Young University, chronicler of Tabernacle construction, concludes: "It is unfortunate that none of the records of the day comment on the source of the idea. Each... sounds possible, and each could have had an influence, but probably none of them represents the whole story."(A

Tabernacle in the Desert, p. 95. Illustrated by Jon Anderson

42 Improvement Era Photo by Eldon Linschoten

April 1967 43 Fred MacMurray organizes a Boy Scout troop in small midwestern town in Fo//ow Me, Boys, winner of Family Movie of Year award.

FamilyMovie of theSear Walt Disney's Follow Me, Boys, Sound of Music, which won the with the boys and continues in the a picture that makes audiences first annual award in 1966. Rather, job for a happy 20 years.

laugh and cry at the same time, has several productions appear to be The idealistic windup, when the been selected by The Improvement equally meritorious. The Disney town's wealthy widow decides to

Era, the Deseret News, KSLTV movie, however, has that extra donate valuable property to the and radio, and Brigham Young Unisomething that appeals to children Scouts and is opposed by a banker versity as the Family Movie of the as well as adults. nephew, is schmaltzy but merry.

Year. Its theme—the story of the dediThe widow's role is developed

The film's producers, Walt Discation of a man to youth, especially beautifully by oldtimer Lillian ney Productions, received the giant Boy Scouts—gives it extra quality Gish, whose flair for comedy is a

trophy at allday ceremonies March for family appeal. The story finds marvel. Another oldtimer in the

30 at BYU. Representatives from an echo in many hearts. Men who film is Charles Ruggles.

the Disney studio as well as one of have worked with Scouts for years Prior to the ending, young the performers in the movie atfind nostalgic moments that bring Scouts get mixed up hilariously tended the second annual Family tears to their eyes as they watch with a U. S. Army training group.

Movie Award Day ceremonies. the activities of Fred MacMurray. While this particular sequence has

An interesting sidelight of the Women who have worked shoulder been thoroughly cricticized as unfilm is that Vera Miles, who has the to shoulder with their husbands in likely or corny, it delights young feminine lead opposite Fred Macscouting discover a little of themaudiences, which is recommendaMurray, is a member of The Church selves in the sacrificing Vera Miles. tion enough.

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. The story concerns a saxaphone Follow Me, Boys has a rousing

She and her husband, actor Keith player (MacMurray) who tires of song with a cadence that sets the

Larsen, were married in the Salt onenight stands and decides to heart to swinging.

Lake Temple several years ago. settle down in a small town. He The picture was one of the final

In choosing Follow Me, Boys for picks a typical rural center, gets a productions to which Walt Disney the family movie honor, the judges job in the local store, meets a pretty was able to give his personal touch considered the entertainment value girl, and involves himself in the before his death. It will stand as

of the film for all members of the town's activities. He proposes a one of the countless film monufamily. There was no picture that Scout program, is chosen to set one ments to his understanding of what

completely dominated the family up, and finds himself inept at many makes average human beings seek movie field this year, as did The Scout projects, but he works well clean, heartwarming entertainment.

44 Improvement Era ']&&&M#m3

Marion D. Hanks, Editor Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor April 1967

A good friend who is the president of a university supplied an idea that I would like to glare. He was in an area with people who

were not Christian and who were, by their religious commitments and persuasions, traditionally thought to be quite negativistic or at least not optimistic. As he left a young

friend at this university in a faroff place, my friend heard the younger man say to him, "Make it a good day!"

He turned back and said, "What did you say?"

The young man replied, "I said, 'Make it a good day!'"

"Make It a Good Day!"

In many of our homes and among many of us there is the usual and appropriate expression as we depart from each other, "Have a good day!"His expression was a little different:

"Make it a good day!"

For all of you, may I offer that earnest invitation: Make it a good day! Make it a good

experience. Make it a happy, wholesome,

memorable, lifelong good experience. There

dan, you know, if are ways to do that—you

you will. There is no guarantee that all will,

but you can.

Samuel Johnson put a finger on the possibility

by Marion D. Hanks *#*s

**f Illustrated by Jerry Thompson

and path in two very significant statements. the fine arts, this is the finest and noblest. By

You have to read carefully, but I think you the best, we mean that which makes for will get them. First, the last four lines added abundance of life for ourselves and for others."

by Samuel Johnson to a poem by Oliver Goldsmith

Now, whether or not it is a good day

How small, in all that human hearts endure, whether you make it a good day, a good

That part which laws or kings can cause or cure. experience, a good life—will depend upon what

Still to ourselves, in every place consigned, you choose to believe in, to serve, and to be.

Our own felicity we make or find.

Five Things To Accomplish The other thought First, learn how to use your head. Learn to

The fountain of content must spring up in the work at learning and love it. Information

mind, and he who has so little knowledge of grows irrelevant; the capacity to learn gains in

human nature as to seek happiness by changing importance.

anything but his own disposition will waste Second, develop the capacity to appreciate his life in fruitless effort and multiply the life on a broad basis, with social and cultural griefs which he purposes to remove.

skills learned and practiced under favorable

There is, Johnson believed (and I believe), in conditions.

the grasp of each of us the power and probability Third, acquire that sense of wholeness that selfof making it a good day, a good family, a accompanies honest selfrespect—the

good society, and a good world. esteem that comes with wise choices acted upon

How do you go about that? or, when they are poor, repented of.

Somebody wrote that "no life can be truly Fourth, have a genuine concern for others great [and I think he did not mean famous or an identification with others. Learn how to love

spectacular] until it is focused, dedicated and and express love wisely and well, and learn to disciplined.""bridle all your passions that ye may be filled

with love."(Al. 38:12.)

David Starr Jordan gave us this short and Fifth, learn to trust God and to serve him, significant paragraph: "To choose among the to rest in him, to walk humbly before him, and

different possible courses of action is the to be confident in his presence.

primary function of the intellect. To choose

at all implies the choice of the best. In the Do you remember what Paul wrote to the

long run only those who choose the best survive. Philippians (to paraphrase): "Brethren,

The best each one must find out for himself. I do not claim to have attained or apprehended.To choose the best is the art of existence—of all I am not perfect, and I certainly do not

understand everything."But he understood

something. What was it?

"... but this one thing I do, forgetting those

things which are behind, and reaching forth unto those things which are before, "I press toivard the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus."

(Phil. 3:1314.)

He did not know everything, and he had not achieved everything, but he had wisdom enough to leave the past behind when it was not contributing to his strength, and to move forward with what he now had.

Somebody wrote recently: "History is what

men make it."You can make it a good day—

goodlife—ifexperience,you want atogoodbadlyfamily,enough.a goodO

A man once said to a woman, "If you can't be interesting, at least be pleasant."But Girl's Choice

must boys make that choice with a Latterday Saint girl? Competition is keen both in

Why not be both? Be quantity and quality these days.

pleasant and beautiful, too! For every available, eligible,

And be the most gracious worthyof-you kind of boy, individual on any scene. there are three times as many

girls. A boy has to work hard

A Touch of You for his money and has a host of demands for each dollar.

Make yourself memorable. Entertaining YOU may not be

Develop a trademark... some tops on his list of expenditures

understated piece of jewelry this week. Be full of ideas

... a special fragrance... for fun and free ways to spend

something singularly yours. your togetherness—the zoo,

(When you aren't wearing that the campus lecture, the walk special touch, people will around the town's best notice!) "square,"visiting a favorite

older person.

Some don'ts:

*Don't forget, your light touch Some don'ts:

on his sleeve beats the heavy *Don't fail to attend every pat on the back, the poke in girl's choice function.

the ribs every time. *Don't be oblivious to his mood.

*Don't overdo the atomizer. *Don't be apologetic. Don't

A girl's fragrance should be sell yourself short. You're a

fragrant and gently so. daughter of God, a choice

*Don't copy the crowd, mingle spirit. Aren't you glad you

with the multitudes, ape the are you?

current movie queen. Be the

best of what you are.

*Don't underestimate the power of prayer.

48 Improvement Era Boys Choose

Boys have a way of choosing the vibrant girl, the "sparkler."

You ask them what they like about girls and they dreamily mumble words like responsive... caring... wholesome...

gentle... fun... friendly...

aware... clean, clean...

conservative clothes...

feminine... dependent.

Interpreted, this may mean they want a girl alive to life, in tune with the moment, a participant and not a spectator.

Some Don'ts:

*Don't just sit there. DO

something. If there is something

to smile about, DO it. If

there isn't, DON'T. Caution:

there is NEVER a time when life is dull, happening less, so even your quiet moments should be part of the picture.

*Don't underestimate your glory as a girl. You're

SUPPOSED to be lovely, laughing, sympathetic, and helpful, too.

*Don't forget that boys are people, too. Treat them that

way. They like it.

*Don't huddle together in a frightened flock. What boy

wants to brave THAT arrangement just to ask one girl for a dance?

Ladylike

Being ladylike is just that... acting like a lady. It has a

lot to do with good posture, small steps, clean hands, and a pure heart. It means dainty bites, swallowing before talking,

patting the mouth with napkin's corner, not interrupting or answering a question directed to somebody else. It means

refinement, restraint, selflessness.

*Don't dress like it's a costume party all year long.

*Don't demand your own way through sulks, scoldings, bossiness, nagging. *Don't beat a boy at his oiun game. If you want to be treated

like a girl, try making him feel more like a boy. Any boy (old or

young) is flattered he's being helpful.

April 1967 49 -MN

A

Illustrated by Jeanne Lindorff (Written by Anne when she was sixteen, not yet acquainted with the Church.) By Anne Kirby My Search

At sixteen I am trying to find the significance visit to the ocean strengthens me; no matter how

of each human being in the world, how each person my problems turn out, the tide will roll in and fits into the master design, and what my place out, unaffected by the trivial problems of will be in the plan. I am discovering people. humans like me. Other people, secure in the

Each person has his unique philosophy of philosophy they have adopted long ago, forget these life. Those of us who are still searching for a times of indecision. At my age we accept or

philosophy wonder about the existence of God, about reject many challenges and make choices that life and what we are to do with it, about possible affect us all our lives. Even if I do not

life after death, and about that mysterious obtain my high goals, I shall better myself in force called love. In my search, when I come the search. I will encounter many obstacles, but

against conflicting ideas, I seek the stability I will become stronger by attempting to overcome and calm of music, nature, and literature. These them. I have begun a search for a philosophy

sources of peace and beauty provide a reference of life that will carry me as close as possible point from which I may expand my ideas. A to my ultimate goals of truth and wisdom.

50 Improvement Era

t&xW I V;-'V... n

'1 '.V!. '"

* J."

(Written by Anne about 3 years later, now a convert)

I am a child of God. Because they were true, and you knew they were,

1 come from the spirit world, And your conviction was unwavering because you knew;

And one day I will again be with God And I believed you were right.

If I live the way he wants me to. What comfort to pray to my Father in heaven,

These are simple and beautiful ideas; To feel his influence in my life

1 have not known them long, And know that he answers prayers.

And yet they are now a part of me. Because I truly repented of my sins

I welcomed them when I understood When I was baptized, I knew I was as pure

Those things you taught me, As I was on the day I was born.

April 1967 51 X

TFtft

7 SlS

f

ftunC. r-y-

'"i. (-..,-.-

J

5f V* \fc;\

\ ft

Since I have received the gift of the Holy Ghost Only six months ago, yet 1 could not

I know the presence of the Comforter, Realize what I was missing.

And my mind understands and accepts I had no idea how it would feel

Things of the gospel more readily. To love God so much

Now I feel like a new person. That love of him would make tears of happiness come to my eyes.

One of my friends said to me, I did not know how beautiful the Sabbath could be, "1 would like to look into your Church. How rewarding it is to spend the day thinking and learning

I would like to have something to believe in."About my Father in heaven and his divine Church!

I thought these very words The deep happiness and feeling of purity

52 Improvement Era

'St I

i S

\J

diP

SSfI iX-

i\

That come a/ter receiving the sacrament Because I know we all have the same

Are just as 1 had felt after baptism. Father in heaven

I was walking in the foQ, And that he wants his children to obey him,

And now I am in the sun. That they may join him in his kingdom.

The world is more beautiful He wants us to keep his commandments

Because now 1 know where it came from, And receive the ordinances of his true Church,

And I think of how wonderful That we may some day be with him

The Creator of these things must be. With our families, And we will progress eternally

1 love people more now, In his divine presence.

April 1967 53 by Terri Ann Thornock, Twin Falls, IdahoDiary ofa JuniorMiss

January 7 began one of the I have often heard the most exciting weeks I've ever statement: "I don't know

had in my life. This was when what I would do without the

I went to Moscow, Idaho, gospel."Now I say exactly the

to compete for the Idaho Junior same thing.

Miss title. While I was there I am grateful for prayer. It

I met 23 of the finest girls is wonderful to be able to

I have ever known, girls I am talk with Heavenly Father, sure will be my friends forever. knowing he is concerned and

I feel that if I hadn't won will help if we will only the title of Idaho's Junior Miss listen to him.

I still would have won something I am thankful for the Word valuable because I was able of Wisdom and the standards to share some of myself with it establishes. They are the

these other girls. I learned standards on which I would

from being in this competition like my life to be based.

that if you have service in The Church auxiliaries provide mind instead of just doing for valuable experiences and yourself and reaping all the opportunities for us to grow benefits, you gain true and develop our talents and satisfaction. our personalities.

The things I was able to learn I am so grateful for the gospel!

from being around different I know that it is true, and people and learning of their I prayerfully hope that I may personalities are great. We be able to become a strong

began every morning with members of the Church, that I rehearsals. In the afternoon may be able to share the gospel

we went to service club with others through my luncheons, on tours of the example and teaching. I am

University of Idaho campus, and thankful for my parents and to radio and television for the love and the training interviews. And after dinner they have given us, and for

there were more rehearsals. our closeness as a family.

54 Improvement Era One inEightHundred by Terence L. Day

"I Want to Be Free"was the theme of the evening meetings at which speakers from

YMCAsponsored World Youth Conference all over the world addressed the delegates.

attended by seventeenyear-old Marilyn Worship began with prayer, followed by

Pratt of the Kennewick (Washington) Ward. scripture readings in English, French,

She was the only Latterday Saint among German, Norwegian, and Spanish. At

800 delegates to attend this conference, one point all of the delegates recited held inStavanger, Norway, last summer. the Lord's Prayer in their native tonguesMarilyn, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. simultaneously

William Pratt, was one of ten "Somebody over here would be saying it representatives from the Pacific in French and somebody over there

Northwest District of the YMCA and one of in German, and at first I 'd get so confused 220 from the United States. I couldn't remember how it went,"

Delegates weren't told why they were Marilyn said. "But by the time the

selectedalthough all had to be outstanding conference was over I could tune out all in leadership. But Marilyn believes she the other languages and recite the Lord's

was chosen because, when asked what she could Prayer in my own tongue."

contribute to the conference, she said Hymns were sung alternately in different she had a strong faith and could testify languages throughout the conference.

that there is a God who hears and answers Marilyn explained that the opening song prayers and that high moral standards are would be in one language, the next in essential for today's teenagers. another, and so on.

Among examples of Marilyn's leadership For Bible class and group discussion the ability are two years as a cheerleader, delegates were divided into groups of 20 president of her seminary, president of persons, each having its own interpreter.

Tau Zeta, and student senator at the But many times the interpreter wasn't

Washington State Youth and Government needed, because all delegates had studied

Conference. English as a second language in school.

Marilyn met other U.S. delegates in On the first day the delegates discussed

New York City for an orientation session what it means to belong to a family and at which they were told what was expected the responsibilities and commitments of them. Then the group flew to that family membership entails. "It was

Stavanger, where they attended another interesting for me to see the differences orientation meeting. Then they began in family circles around the world,"

their daily routine, arising at 6 a.m. Marilyn said. "It seems to me that

for breakfast; worship at 7 a.m.; Bible the teenagers of northern Europe are

class at 9 a.m.; group discussion at closer to their families than the

11 a.m.; luncheon at 12:30 p.m.; organized delegates from the United States, because

sports throughout the afternoon; and we have so many outside interests to

April 1967 55 of The Way a Miracle by Janet R. Balmforth

Fifteenyear old John slammed his Bible shut. "I don't believe in this miracle stuff,"

draw us away from our families. he said.

During most of the conference we talked "I don't either,"said his friend, David.

about what our religion meant to us,""If we could just see a miracle,"sighed she continued. "We found that people all Ann,"it would be easier to believe."

over the world realize it is necessary The class scholar said, "All miracles can to serve their fellowman to gain real be explained by natural laws."

happiness."This view was shared by "That's impossible,"said another student.

Buddhists, Muslims, Hindus, Jews, and "Natural laws take too long, and some of

Christians alike. Marilyn said she these biblical miracles happened in an

had never before considered other world instant."

religions. "I had considered Christianity Others in the class quickly added, "If the

the only religion. Lord wanted to do a miracle, he could do it

But even nonChristians professed a in an instant."

belief in a Supreme Being. "We found that "He wouldn't need any natural laws."

although we all worshipped a different "But the Lord always works by natural kind of God, we all believed in a God laws."

and knew it was necessary to worship "I don't believe it; then it wouldn't be"a

a Supreme Being,"Marilyn said. miracle."

The latterday revealed concept of God "Why not?"

as a personal being, which Marilyn Such were the comments of a group of discussed,, was new to those at the seminary students one morning as they disconference, including Christians. But cussed the miracles of the gospel. Brother

after the discussion period many delegates Alan, their teacher, listened with interest to told her that they were interested in her their remarks for a few moments, then said, view of a personal God, that they had "Now just a minute; what makes you think

never thought of him in those terms. natural laws take a long time?"

Marilyn's seminary trainingher mother "Well,"said John, "everybody knows that. is a seminary teacherenabled her to Look how long it takes grain to mature—quote chapter and verse from the scriptures "Yes, and a chicken to hatch—

to substantiate her concept of God "And a broken leg to mend I"and other points, she said. "Maybe if we understood the principles

Marilyn says, "The most important part behind this growing and hatching and mendof the conference for me was the great ing, we could speed up the process,"said love I gained for these people from Brother Alan.

different countries. I found that I "But how?"asked David. "That'd be neat

am a citizen not only of my community if we could do that."

and of my country, but also of a world Brother Alan came from behind his desk community. "O and stood in front of the class.

56 Improvement Era them,"said David. "He'd have to start way

"Let's use an example,"he said. "Suppose back at the beginning with Franklin and his

we could bring to this room the most primikey and kite."tive man found on earth today—say an "Brother Alan,"said John, "I think I see

aborigine from the Australian deserts. Do what you're getting at, but it's hard to exyou agree that everything this primitive man plain. We all accept the fact that we have

might see here would be mystifying and light or darkness in an instant with the flip miraculous?"of a switch, and yet the ideas that have made

"Yes."this possible took many years of learning.

"Now, let's take something we accept as But to our primitive man this is a miracle, ordinary and try to explain it to him."because he doesn't understand what is beBrother Alan looked around the room. "How hind it."

about that electric light up there and this "Also,"said the class scholar, "don't forswitch over here?"He walked over to the get—we've grown up with electricity and

wall and flipped the switch off and on. The light, and we never give them a thought

light dissolved, then brightened again. unless they don't work."

"Do you consider this a miracle?"asked "Very good,"said Brother Alan. "Does

Brother Alan. this mean a miracle loses its wonder as it

"No."becomes commonplace?"

"Would our primitive man?""Certainly,"said David. "Even our abo-

"Yes."rigine after awhile would accept that light

"Could be,"said Brother Alan, "but only up there as ordinary and then—whoops—no!"

because he didn't understand. You know the miracle

principles behind it. So with just one flip it's Ann raised her hand, "Brother Alan, you

on, and another flip and it's off. Now John, mean that we are just like primitive man in

how would you explain to our primitive man our understanding of the gospel?"

the miracle of this switch and that light?"Brother Alan nodded his head. "Yes, but

John thoughtfully rubbed a hand through there's more to it than that."

Thoughtfully John stared up at the light.his red hair. "Well, I'd say that this switch

here is connected to a circuit, which has "There's absolutely nothing in our experience that we can use to understand Christ's mir-a breaker and some wires and—

"Wait a minute, John,"interrupted Brother acles, just as the primitive man has nothing

Alan. "Remember, our man has no idea of in his experience to explain lights and

what wires and switches and circuits are. switches."

He's never seen them or what they do. We "Good, John,"said Brother Alan; "and

must start at the very beginning."someday, what?"

"Would the primitive man know about "Well, it'll be a long someday, but when we have finally grasped the principles by whichtelephone poles?"asked Ann.

"Or dams or power plants?"asked another the Lord works,"said John, "we'll see how

girl. they can be as instantaneous as the flip of

"He wouldn't know anything about any of that switch."P

April 1967 57 In ancient folklore, when knightHe has three brothers—Mike, Hal, that a football or basketball will be

hood was in flower and a hero met and Bill—and two sisters, Susan and the first present they'll get from

a queen, she was swept off her Marilyn. Virgil says that moving me!"

feet, into his arms, and carried around forced him to develop his When Virgil was in the sixth away on a white charger. Today personality and become more ingrade at Timpanogos Elementary

the story is slightly different. When dependent. School in Provo, Utah, he coached '

the hero, Virgil Carter, star quar- "My interest in sports began in and played with a city basketball terback of the Brigham Young the third grade,"he said. "I was a team that took the tournament

University football team, met bat boy for the Provo Timps basechampionship, even though all the

Homecoming Queen Judy Green, ball team while in elementary other teams were coached by it was she who ran onto the footschool, and many nights my folks adults.

ball field and unknowingly swept would have to drag me away from "As a kid,"he commented, him off his feet. the diamond at eleven o'clock at "baseball was my favorite sport,

Since that happened they have night."and I idolized Mickey Mantle bebeen married in the Los Angeles Concerning people who insist cause he overcame so many handiTemple, and on the gridiron Virgil their children participate in activicaps and then became a superstar."

has won nationwide acclaim stemties of the parents'choosing, he Virgil is an exception to the ming from his athletic and scholarcommented, "Whether our chilsaying that sports and brains don't ly pursuits. dren want to be in sports, in a mix. He presently has a 3.8 grade

Virgil was born in Richfield, marching band, or on a debate point average on a 4-point basis.

Utah, the second son of Harold and team, Judy and I will support them. "I wasn't always a good student,'1

Evelyn Carter. Since his father Each child is different, and we

was in the United States Air Force, want our children to develop their the family traveled extensively. abilities or interests. But I will say

Consequently, by the time Virgil ** was in the ninth grade he had attended nine different schools.

Illustrated by Ron Wilkinson m

I Kir

vifs, Y / * h 'V A sWhen a Hero By Millie Foster Cheesman

ie Foster Cheesman didn't stand a nee of ignoring football: she's the

other of five active sons (ages 21 to jand a daughter. Between writing

pageants, skits, poems, and playing quarterbackend on the family football., team, she teaches the spiritual living

class in Relief Society in Orem (Utah) 16th Ward. he declared. "I did poorly in jugrades improved. I had few provided him with a good basic

nior high school, but when we friends at first, so there was nothphilosophy, and through his Church moved to Sacramento where I ating for me to do after school but activities he has learned to meet tended Folsom High School, my study. When the first test results the public. He also believes that

came along, the kids said, 'He sure keeping the Word of Wisdom is a smart fellow.'After that I makes good sense. "Whether a perreally had to keep my grades up. son is an athlete or not, he should

"Football has brought me good have great concern for his body.

times, happiness, some recognition, To me, the Word of Wisdom is and some heartache,"he reflected. commonsense. It's not a list of

"It has put me in the limelight, don'ts, but rather what I want to and I've found that most people do to protect myself and keep are very nice. On the other hand, physically fit. Judy and I both

Judy and I find that some people grew up in areas where there were are afraid to come up and talk few Mormons, and our friends to either of us. They forget that we often asked why we didn't drink

are also a little shy, just as they are."or smoke. We were both proud to

As he spoke of the recognition tell others of our convictions and that has been directed toward his beliefs."

success on the football field, he After graduation Virgil says he said, "Teamwork is largely responwould like "to do graduate work sible for the victories. Those who in business administration and then

don't get the publicity are often eventually have a business of my |||gp those who do most of the work. I own that Judy and I can watch

really have great admiration for the develop and in which we can expeople who are not in the limepress ourselves."

light."Have the rigorous disciplines of

What has given him the greatest football training caused him to feel thrill in the past four years of colthat he has missed anything in lege football? "Being selected as a college life?

member of the 1966 AilAmerican "If people only knew the time academic football team would have we have to devote to football,"he to rank first,"he said, "since I conanswered, "they would realize that sider this a personal achievement. it isn't all glory without a great

Then would come what I consider deal of sacrifice. Take, for exam-

a result of team effort—recognition ple, homecoming celebrations. The

as the nation's top quarterback of year Judy was queen and the year the week by Associated Press and following, we couldn't go to the

United Press International."parade or the dance because we

Virgil feels that the Church has were preparing for the game. We

helped him in many areas. It has don't often get to go to concerts,

Meets a Queen... it's the queen who is usually

this time! swept off her feet—but not

shows, dances, or debates, and freshman and sophomore years brae cracked, and some ribs we're usually too tired to go to the changed these plans."broken. The doctors said I probvictory dances. We're also exThis accident was a turning ably wouldn't walk again, but if I

pected to maintain good grades,"point in her life. "A car that was did, I would be crippled.

he continued. "The tale about making a lefthand turn at an "Up to this point,"she continued,

instructors being easy on football intersection couldn't complete the "I had enjoyed many material adplayers is just not true."turn and smashed headon into the vantages, had held lots of offices

"Virgil was away from dawn till car in which I was riding. I was in school, and had had a good life.

dusk during football season,"Judy pushed against the floorbox gearThen, suddenly I was flat on my added. "One of the reasons I think shift, which had its knob missing, back with the possibility of never

he gets so much accomplished is and the whole calf of my leg was walking again. I didn't believe I

because he rarely wastes time. For torn off except for the bone. My wouldn't walk, but I began to look

example, when we were dating and arm was also shattered, my verteat things in a different perspective.

he had to wait for me, he always

Many records—from of the week by United

brought something to study with attendance marks to points Press International, him."after touchdown—went by Associated Press, and

The environment in which Judy the boards as Brigham Young Sports Illustrated in grew up was quite different from

University's 1966 football November 1966.Virgil's. While Virgil moved a

team roared through a To cap all of this, Virgilgreat deal, Judy grew up in one remarkable 8 wins-2 losses Carter, who entered BYUtown. One of four daughters of

season. on an academic scholarshipMr. and Mrs. George Green, she

Quarterback Virgil Carter and will graduate as awas born in Salt Lake City. The

cut the biggest chunk out statistics major with afamily moved to Glendale, Caliof the old record book. The high gradepoint average, fornia, when she was a baby, and

brilliant senior set or was for three years a membershe spent the remainder of her tied National Collegiate of the Western Athleticgrowingup years there. Her

Athletic Association allConference AllAcademicmemories of family life and childtime standards, including Football Team, and in 1965hood are happy ones.

the following: and 1966 was chosen for the "We were a very close family, -Most offensive plays in a second team on the Academicand there was lots of love. Many

career, 1,059 AilAmerican Football times when I was in high school,"-Most yards total offense Team by the NCAA. His she recalls, "I preferred to go with

in a career, 6,554 scholarly achievementsmy family rather than with friends.—Most touchdown passes combined with national I think my dad knew more about thrown in a career, tied 50 recognition for athleticme than anyone else. During the -Most touchdowns responexcellence merited for him summers he would call up and ask

sible for in a career, 68 an NCAA scholarship award for a 'date'with one of his daugh- -Most yards passing in one of $1,000 in 1966, one of ters. The first time he did this

game, 515 55 such scholarships given with me, I was afraid I had done -Most yards total offense to top scholarathletes something wrong and was going to be chastized. Instead, he told me one game, 599 across the country.

how well he thought my life was The modest Mormon athlete Carter's play led his also set some other marks fine BYU team to a great progressing. He also talked to

for future athletes to season, highlighted for me about morality and the imrun and throw at, leaving him by a winning effort portance of being morally clean."

behind him in the Western against Texas Western, then When Judy's parents arranged

Athletic Conference 19 one of the leading defensive for her to study dancing as a child, records, as well as the clubs in the nation. little did they realize she would

24 alltime BYU records Virgil threw five touchdown enjoy it so much that she would he established. He played passes in that game and consider making it her profession.

in two postseason allstar personally amassed a "In fact,"she said, "I was seriously intending to make it my major in games, for two years in total of 599 yards total a row was WAC Player of the offense, the most ever by college. But then an automobile

accident the summer between my Year, and was chosen back a college football player.

60 Improvement Era I realized there was more to lifethan just material possessions. What

"One night my condition became much worse. I asked two Latterday Saint friends to come and addoes

minister to me. The next morning

my doctor examined my leg andsaid that I would walk and that silence

I should be up again in two weeks."

Judy added thoughtfully, "To meit was a miracle. The doctors look

marveled at the improvement in my leg. Our family doctor, a Latter-day Saint, thought it was truly ike?amazing. I was selfconscious about

my leg the first year, and since then

I've had to have five operations."

Judy believes that "college is Silence is a Bigelow carpet called tightly woven to take the constantwear what we put into it. A person Cordridge?It absorbs floor sound and creates of feetBigelowfor yearshasandor canyears.customcreate

won't get good grades unless he an atmosphere of hushed serenity. the perfect carpet to suit every type of

studies for them. The most imCordridge has a beautifully dischurch or auxiliary building.

portant thing is for each of us to tinctive tree bark texture in any of sixAs America's most experienced be ourselves—to be individualistic. teen colors. Its special design adapts carpetmaker we've done it since 1825.

handsomely to the decor of today's

If we don't care for a person, it's new Mormon church buildings.

usually because we don't really Its 100% Bigelow Approved conknow him. When I entered the tinuous filament nylon pile is dense and Bigelow

Homecoming Queen contest, I decided that if people didn't like me for what I was, I didn't want to be queen. Perhaps this is why I did

so well in the contest. I truly tried

to be honest about myself."

Her first meeting with Virgil took place after a BYU football victory in November 1964. "All of the

song leaders rushed onto the field to congratulate the players,"she remembers. "I purposely searched

Virgil out to congratulate him. He

was afraid at first to ask me for a date because I was Homecoming Queen, and I was afraid to date him because he was the star quarterback. But our friends finally

arranged for us to get together. We

were pinned the following April, %j\ \- engaged by Christmastime, and married last July."

Then Judy took Virgil's arm and Politico added, "As far as I'm concerned, my temple marriage tops anything

I have ever before done in my life, M. DeMar Teuscher writes about politics and government in the Deseret

because the spiritual things are News.nationalTush'slevels,depthkeepscoverageyou current.of politics,Read partiesTeuscher'sand issues,politicalbothreporton localin yourand

important than materialmore things."O DESERET NEWS

.;............,...............;....-.......,......,.

April 1967 61 The LDS Scene

President Joseph Fielding program included a slideSmith poses beside lifesize film presentation of bronze bust presented to highlights in President him by M Men and Gleaners Smith's life. President Bruce

of his home stake, Ensign R. McConkie of the First

Stake, at a recent fireside Council of Seventy program. Dr. Avard described President Smith

Fairbanks, noted Latterday as "one of the leading

Saint sculptor, prepared doctrinal speakers and the bust. The fireside scholars of the Church."

Dr. Manahi Nitama Paewai

of the Northland District, Sister Jessie Evans Smith, New Zealand Mission, will wife of President Joseph receive the Order of the

Fielding Smith, has been British Empire by approval named the "Outstanding of Her Majesty, Queen

Woman of 1967"by Elizabeth. The investiture,

Ricks College, twoyear to be held at Government

Church college at Rexburg, House in Auckland, will

Idaho. Sister Smith recognize Brother Paewai

received a gold watch and for his work as originator plaque citing her for and president of Kaikohe her distinguished career Citizen's Advice and as a soloist, for her years Guidance Society, which of service with the assists families with their

Tabernacle Choir, and budgeting and financial for her "devotion to and problems. The society

support of her husband has 71 community groups both at home and as a in New Zealand. He is also

traveling companion recognized for his work throughout the world."with handicapped children.

Expo 67

Accommodations for of the Church, as well

Latterday Saints planning as accommodations in to attend Expo 67, private homes, all within

Montreal's World Fair 15 minutes by subway marking the centennial of from the fairgrounds.

the Dominion of Canada, Expo 67 opens April 28, are being made available and a highlight will be

Sp4 James Prigmore, 23year-old Latterday Saint through a building fund the visit of the Salt Lake arrangercomposer for the Continental Army Band at project of the Third Tabernacle Choir August

Fort Monroe, Virginia, has recently composed a symphony, Quorum of Elders, Canadian 22 and 23.

Sinfonia da Chiesa, believed to be the first major Mission. This project Persons interested in

symphonic work on the theme of the Vietnamese war. will assist Church building housing should write to:

Elder Prigmore, a university graduate in music programs in the Montreal LDS Expo Housing Bureau, composition and former resident composer and director area. 4981 Boulevard Perras,

of music for the Pasadena Playhouse in California, says his Two apartmenthotels will Apt. 101, Montreal North,

work is "a prayer for strength for defending freedom."be available for members Quebec, Canada.

62 Improvement Era Bruce Preece, Rex Reeve, and J. Edwin Baird, three of seven

Indian seminary coordinators who held recent conference at Church

School offices in Provo, examine a miniature tableau of Navajo women. Brother Baird, supervisor, in noting that more than 10,600

Indian children from kindergarten age to high school participate in the seminary program in Canada and 21 states of the United States, said, "There is a brilliant future for Indians in the gospel."

The 1967 AllChurch Basketball Tournament (See May Church Moves On)

Kansas City cheerleaders, Pittsburg (California) rooters joined throngs of partisans who cheered their teams through victory or defeat.

Van Nuys (California) First Ward won 8987 over Mar Vista Centerville (Utah)Third Ward players accept junior (California) in an exciting M Man battle. championship trophy from Marvin J. Ashton,

; YMMIA first assistant general superintendent.

April 1967 63 Trademark. Trademark "Atlas"Reg. U.S. Pat Off,, Atlas Supply Company.

Presenting Super Tire:

for drivers who aren't superhuman.

There are six things you have to think about when you buy a tire: Safety. Traction. Skid resistance. Ride.

Styling. Mileage. Or pick our Amoco 120. It thinks of

all six things for you.

For instance, it was safety tested without failure at 120 mph. Even after 15,000 miles, you get 32% better

traction than when most newcar tires are new. Super

Tire helps you decide between a tire that's built for this and a tire that's built for that. Super Tire is built.

Period. Come see it soon.

"You expect more from American—and you get it!"*

AMERICAN OIL COMPANY

SIGN IN INK ABOVE.* NOT VALID UNlESSSISN E0 91 CUSTOMS

HS1 23 1* 5bl i GOOD THRU JOHN C OROSlPIETSGH 01 * MMliIMMiilMifMiiiiiiHnw<iil>MiilsiiM(il. 68 YEAR

The American Oil Company, 1967. World's largest distributor of Atlas tires

Teaching ChurchConductedSchoolbySystemthe

The Techniques of "Doe Some 50 styles include all L.D.S. temple

designs in white and latest parchments.

Matching Mormon albums, napkins, other By Ernest Eherhard, Jr.

accessories. One day rush order service.

(Part 2)

Send 25c for catalog & samples, refunded Believing that responsible student evaluation of on first order. (50c if air mail desired.) teachers has real merit, I once asked a senior high

REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440 school student what, in her estimation, characterizes

Name - an effective teacher. After a few moments of thoughtAddress. ful meditation she replied, "It is someone who loves

City, Zone, State - you."

"What do you mean, loves you?"I asked.

Again she paused in reflection, then gave her answer unhesitatingly, "He is willing to listen to you. Your

problems are important to him. He accepts you and

tries to help you to progress."

It will be noticed that nothing was said about the teacher's skill, his possession of a great fund of knowledge, his outstanding historical perspective, or his dazzling array of teaching techniques.

During the thirtythree years I have been privileged to teach young people the gospel, I have asked many of them what they felt was the greatest help they received from their instructors in the Church. The MM

effect, "They helped Now who's on most consistent reply was to the life together."your side? me put my

Although they could not give a professional analysis

Your insurance man can be—if he's

an independent agent. As such, of their teachers'capabilities, they could recognize

he's free to represent several fine how outstanding teachers assisted them to incorporate insurance companies, and serve your interests in dealing with them. the precepts they had learned into their lives.

He serves you first when you need help. We're independent agents. The Teacher As a Person

you r/ independent People act and react in a direct effort to achieve j their primary goals in life. Probably the most impor-. InsurancegSERVES VOU/agentFIRST

tant of these goals is the desire to prove one's self and

HEBER J. GRANT & CO. to win the approval of significant persons in one's life.

General Agents, Salt Lake City Thus the person with laudable goals in life seeks to win the approval of substantial, lawabiding people.

The person of undesirable character gravitates toward

66 Improvement Era r Teaching Photo by Eldon Linschoten

those whose lives are motivated by unrighteous prinfears or confusion. They will make a very modest

ciples. The interpersonal relationship is basic to the approach, sometimes only an indirect one. If the

control of human conduct. teacher is sensitive, he can help them "come out of

A reward that is most gratifying to a child is the their shells"and reveal and discuss fully what really love of an adult, whether this be the parent or a bothers them.

teacher. When the child has concrete evidence that The feeling of love and concern the teacher has for

his teacher loves him, he will do anything to please his students must be authentic and genuine. Children,

him. When he is assured of his teacher's love, he will especially adolescents, can detect sham and selfcontinue to respond and try to emulate him. For interest on the part of their teachers almost instantly.

instance, a wellliked coach has little need to discuss These, plus the betrayal of a confidence or trust, with members of his team the 89th Section of the sound the death knell to a teacher's ability to inspire

Doctrine and Covenants if he has set such standards his students to put a gospel lesson into action.

that they know he expects them to live clean lives It is not possible to list all the steps a teacher may and train hard. They put into practice in their own take to achieve a genuine feeling of love and trust

lives the principles they have been taught through for his students. Each teacher will have individual

example. \ strengths and capacities for developing such empathy.

The question now arises: How is a student to know He should plan and implement his own approach and

his teacher loves him? change and strengthen it from time to time. Each

This assurance is radiated and made manifest to month or so, he should sit down and objectively the student in many seemingly insignificant ways. The evaluate his teaching to see how much progress he

teacher might notice each student in one way or has made, and lay plans to strengthen himself where another in each class period. It may be a handshake, this can and should be done.

a smile, or a cognizant meeting of eyes. If the teacher A word of warning to the teacher may be approhas shown enough interest in his students to learn their priate here. No number of variety of teaching technames, to inform himself concerning their interests, niques or methods will win student confidence and

their goals, and their ambitions, as well as some of loyalty unless there is a genuine feeling of love and their frustrations and problems, they will sense his concern on the part of the teacher. His feelings

love for them. The teacher who will go out of his way must arise out of his determination to remember he is

to notice even the most modest achievements and signs dealing with an eternal being, a literal child of a of growth and progress on the part of his students Heavenly Father whose love and concern for his child will have their love and loyalty. He will also pick up are beyond the comprehension of even the most dethe minimal cues students give that indicate they are voted teacher. Only when he relates to his students

interested in a further discussion of a principle or in this frame of reference will he be considered a problem. Many young people find it difficult to ask worthy exemplar after whom they can pattern their

for the privilege of telling someone their doubts, their own lives.—*

April 1967 67 One of the least understood and and correctly. More important, they er gives his students help and

yet most meaningful statements had been "pricked in their heart."direction only after they have done

the Savior made for our guidance Because of the development of a all they can to determine their own is contained in the instruction that biaspositive, they were ready to goals and course of action.

we should "love our neighbors as move on to the most vital step in An illustration of this type of ourselves."He knew without any the teaching process by wanting to teaching might involve the decision

doubt that it is impossible to do be involved in a personal applicaof young people of whether or not the one without the other. Profestion. Their question was, "What to be social drinkers. The effective

sional people who deal with beshall we do?"teacher would help his students

behavior say 80 percent of the The reasons people are "pricked weigh the advantages and disadpeople they counsel have a weak in their heart"are many. No doubt vantages of social drinking over the

selfimage. These people distrust Peter's hearers were convinced of whole spectrum of its effect on

themselves, do not like their own his sincerity, the depth and quality their lives. He would help them

personalities, and project their of his testimony, and his love for weigh the limited value of the feelings of inadequacy and failure them, as expressed in his desire to social acceptance the cocktail hour to those with whom they deal. The have them benefit by accepting the might provide against the stark

ego mediates, or screens, every gospel of Jesus Christ. In much the reality of the everpresent possiimpression and experience an indisame way, students are "pricked in bility of personality disintegration,

vidual has. If it is threatening or their hearts"when they sense their narcotics addiction, involvement in

discordant in any way to his ego, he teachers have their personal, indilaw breaking, serious bodily injury rejects it or puts it in a light that vidual interests at heart. If they to self and others, increased

will permit him to ignore it. This is can feel that their teachers have susceptibility to disease, loss of

what is meant in the scripture, "A genuine confidence in their ability home and family, vocational failure man's heart deviseth his way...."to develop and hold good attitudes and pauperism, living the later

(Prov. 16:9.) and pursue acceptable goals, they years of life on skid row and, most

Intellectually, the student may are much more inclined to take the important of all, the spiritual deconcede that what he is being steps necessary to achieve such struction that would result in the taught is wholly logical and rationgrowth. Teachers should carefully loss of a life of eternal joy. When

al, but since he does not feel strong evaluate each lesson they teach to the teacher has helped his students enough to carry it out or change make certain every student has remake a full exploration of the probthe direction of his life, he declines ceived personalized encouragement lem, they should be told that the the exhortation to put it into practo grow strong in some aspect of responsibility for using their free tice. He may go so far as to verthe gospel principles on which the agency properly is now theirs. They

balize the principle taught. That is, lesson was based. must decide what course they will

if it were in a school class where Students must feel that the take.

he needed to give a "correct"teacher has a deep, constant staThe teacher should anticipate answer to get a good grade, he bility and dedication to the printhe need to help his students solve would learn to repeat an answer ciples he is teaching. They must the shortrange problems that will

that would give him such a mark. sense he has the witness of the arise out of their decision not to be

He would, however, feel that any Spirit of the Lord. They must also social drinkers. For example, when

attempt to incorporate the precept sense that he has applied gospel they leave home for additional into his goalseeking activities in principles to a wide spectrum of life schooling they may find that those life was not part of the learning and found them a sound foundation who are in a position to promote or process. Contrast this attitude with on which to build life. hinder their vocational success will

that of the 3,000 who heard Peter If human beings are ever to beexert a persistent, subtle pressure preach his memorable sermon on come selfdirecting, to use their to "have just a little sip once in a the day of Pentecost: free agency fully and properly, they while."At this point, students will

"Now when they had heard this, must acquire confidence in their not need another lesson on the they were pricked in their heart, ability to determine their own Word of Wisdom. They will need

and said unto Peter and to the rest actions and goals in life. This means help to resist the personal pressure

of the apostles, Men and brethren, that the teacher must help them see of people who are vocationally what shall we do?"(Acts 2:37.) the why of their actions and help capable but are spiritually underHere we have a perfect sequence them to anticipate the end results developed or dead. They will need

of doer teaching. Those present of the same. The teacher should see help in maintaining the longrange

"heard"the instructions; that is, himself as a guide, not a dispenser perspective they had while in the

they received the information fully of information. The effective teachteacher's class.

68 Improvement Era *M miptm,*

5 *S 9 9 GP A!'? ii Hit

- -, Free Travel Hurry Free Worry

The pleasure of hurryfree, worryfree travel is yours for the taking when you plan your vacation or business trip on one of Union Pacific's crack Domeliners.

Nothing could be finer than dinner in the diner—or your favorite beverage in the

loungeorthe magnificent viewfrom the domes. Family Fare savings apply to both Pullman

and Coach travelevery day of the week.

However you go—Pullman or Coach—you'll be a pampered passenger all the way—

and you'll arrive rested and refreshed, ready for work or play. For full information and

reservations, call your nearby Union Pacific ticket agent or favorite travel agent.

Union Pacific Railroad

DOMELINERS: "City of Los Angeles,""The Challenger,""City of San Francisco,""City of Portland,""City of Denver,""City of St. Louis

April 1967 69 It is generally agreed a student each lesson applies to their lives. day, or at least before the next

learns only what he carries through They should be motivated to think lesson is taught.

to an experience. The experience of definite, detailed steps that must 6. Consistently reinforce attimay involve only the mind and be followed if the principles are to tude, growth, and behavior change.

emotions, or it may be an overt act. be satisfactorily implemented in Teachers should often check back

Teachers generally give full verbal their lives. with each student to determine

assent to this principle. However, 3. Remember that generalizawhat progress he or she is making.

they do not carry their teaching tion is the downfall of doer teachThey should encourage and comthrough to an experience. The very ing. Students must experience, pliment their students and reward

terminology used affirms this. Stuvicariously or otherwise, each step them with approval. There are

dents are said to gather facts, abthey must follow if they are to many who feel we are losing a great sorb learning, hunger and thirst for successfully apply gospel principles opportunity to strengthen and reknowledge, or devour their books. to their lives. inforce those who are already living

The principle that learning is an 4. Make applications realistic as gospel principles but who still need

experience, an outward reaction, is to the capabilities, experience backencouragement and reinforcement.

not new. ground, and developmental level Too often young people are given

Since human beings have the of students. Lessons should be little personal attention because

capacity to have experiences vicarcarefully graduated; that is, start they do not outwardly cause pariously, that is, by using their with easy, limited performance, ents and teachers concern.

imaginations through mental trial and develop into more difficult 7. Help students propose learnand error, teachers should plan applications. For example, the ing experiences that have obvious

their lessons so the religious history teacher might suggest three smiles results—results that they and those

and lessons they teach will result a day, complimenting one person, whose approval they seek will be in such a real life application. This and holding the tongue in check able to see. Overt reactions have an

means that the teacher must preonce during each day, rather than aura of reality about them and sent his lessons so they fit into the setting up a program of always make the application of the prinage, concept, and developmental smiling and complimenting others ciple seem authentic and rational.

levels of his students. The lessons and never losing control of the 8. Consistent attitude and bemust contain attainable steps tongue. havior change depends on the

toward the students'goals in daily 5. Be aware that students perindividual's having a sense of

life. In some instances, it will be form more consistently and fully worth, a sense of destiny. Teachers

necessary for teachers to help their when they have definite, reasonof religious education should strive students create, alter, or further able deadlines of action. "Anytime"constantly to improve their studevelop their goals before they can goals have little motivating power. dents'sense of selfworth. They

be motivated to utilize lesson If a lesson on tithing is taught, the can help their students by pointing materials. No doubt the Savior had goal should be to pay tithing that out that the Lord will reward them

this in mind when he said, "Blessed more because of how well they do are they who do hunger and thirst their work in life and the Church after righteousness: for they shall rather than for the positions they

be filled."(Matt. 5:6.) He fully hold. It should be constantly emrecognized that an individual's life Death phasized how highly important

goals must be strong and attractive By Tim Smart each individual is to God the before he can be "filled,"or helped Father and his Son Jesus Christ in to grow and develop. Harken, the dark approaches; achieving the immortality and

How can we involve students in eternal life of all mankind. It

learning experiences? We can: Death is on its way, should be pointed out that this is

1. Let students know why they With its long, velvet veil in the the golden era of all time, an era

are studying certain topics. At the pale light of dusk, to which all prophets of the past

beginning of each lesson, clearly have looked with longing. Students

state the principle or principles inAnd its mists of silvery gray. should be helped to see that their

volved. Throughout the lesson, let worth lies not in being on the earth

students indicate the place or imCloser it comes in the dimness, at this particular time, or even in portance of the principles in their Softly the night comes on; being members of the Church, but

lives. rather in being the most consistent

2. Give students opportunities And then its soft veil settles, "doers of the word"who have ever

to indicate specific ways in which And dusk is suddenly dawn. lived on earth. O

70 Improvement Era Conoco dealers get solid support in And it's typical of the downthe- trafficbuilding assist from the hotthe highprofit TBA area. It begins line backing our dealers enjoy. Valutest advertising idea in the business.

with products engineered to have a able technical and management The Hottest Brand Going is now in builtin competitive edge—making counsel is theirs for the asking orbit, flashing through the skies on

the selling job easier. along with employee training, pro TV, billboards, newspaper, radio,

Example: Conoco's heavy duty motional and merchandising help direct mail, pointof-purchase. This

and extraheavy duty batteries carry TBA programs, financing, premi dramatic spaceage concept is pro- a full 3-year guarantee. Firstyear urns, and good willbuilding Tour moted by one of the biggest ad

replacement is free. The charge for aide travel service. Not to mention budgets in Conoco history.

replacement during the next two of course, a full product line famous A forwardlooking businessman years is on a pro rata basis, covering for its quality. would get his service station in orbit

only the months battery was in servConoco dealers get something right along with the Hot One. Sound

ice. It's a persuasive sales point. else—an excitementgenerating, like anyone you know?

Ride the Hot One CONOCO...

1967 Continental Oil Company

... welcome to Hi, I'm the U and I Princess

SugarplunfLand Where it's delightful, adventurous, and grand.

Pick out your own favorite treat

From the U and I factory across the street.

U and I Sugar makes life sweeter for sure,

Buy it at your local grocery store.

And if you watch closely you might see

Us come to life on your own TV!

72 Improvement Era flMMT-

m -

APRIL 6, 1830

Idle lay the land On Whitmer's farm, The spring too wet and

.,. i Early for the plow;

The trees still bare In winter's somber clothes;.-..

I The weather fitful, One time bringing Snow, Then rain, then Sun, then snow again.

Just expect a change, The vote confirmed the law

The natives said. And made the Church

The Whitmer cabin, sturdy, A legal body in the state.

Made of mortised logs, as many The six were then baptized,

Cabins were in that far day, Confirmed into the Church,

Held Received the Holy Ghost Firm against the storms Given by the leading elders.

Of winter or of spring. In turn they stood and prophesied

And here, within the The future of this Church,

Cabin walls, were Its growing in the land,

Gathered six Until, like Daniel's stone,

Young, soberminded men. The earth would fill with The

Restoration JosephBefore Smith,them stoodnewly thecalledProphetof God. Blood.Knowledge of the Christ's redeeming

By President S. Dilworth Young And now this is God's They did not hear the heavenly choir

Of the First Council of the Seventy Will, he said, Sing praise,

Illustrated by Ed Maryon To organize the Church Nor did they notice Satan's

Decreed in heaven, Muttered threat,

And now revealed to earth. And yet they knew

And would they voteThat this small, simple act

Sustaining vote—to By simple men,

Uphold Joseph Smith as Restored Christ's living Church

First elder of the Church? To earth again.

And Oliver as Second elder too?

This is a second installment of They would, and showed excerpts from a long poem Their affirmation about the Prophet Joseph Smith, With hands upheld, to he published in book form in October 1967 under the title Six hands,

The Long Road—Vermont Six calloused, toilworn

to Carthage. Hands.

April 1967 73

SUM.,:,-.., '

.*v—;-:;;}-,-<:: f -SHS*',

.."B#r -.-,<*>!,.ii

js i '

i

The stars come out, EVENING The night birds call, The early peepers All days must end; Trill in nearby ponds.

This day of marvels And tired men, I

As all others do. Their hunger satisfied,

The darkening landscape Retire to rest

Has not changed. On cornshuck beds

Here and there To sleep the night away.

A candle twinkles forth, And morning comes and

Yet another day.Its tiny light a beacon

To homecoming men. The land must still be plowed,

The new Church members And planted too,

Look the same The livestock sheltered, fed,

As yesterday, when The cows milked, clearing done,

Ordinary things were taking place. Then

They wend More land readied Their slow way home, For the planting.

Sobered, it is true, Things don't change.

And filled with awe And wonderment, But these few men—

Marveling at the Their lives would

Things which have been Never be the same

Said. Again.

74 Improvement Era Meet a national resource named Steve

Steve is a crosscountry track man, an artist, young people are our greatest national and an explorer of worlds that do not resource. They deserve all the help they

exist. That toothpick model is an attempt can get toward realizing their potentials.

to study what lies beyond our three known dimensions. Contributing to science fairs, providing

scholarships and fellowships, refinery

At the 1966 International Science Fair, tours and geology tours, and teaching

Steve won a ribbon for his theory of materials for schools, are just some of the dimensions. But he didn't stop ways our Company shows its active

there. He believes the number of other interest in today's young men and women.

dimensions is limitless, and is hard trying to people Oil is help young at work to prove it. Standard

.. themselves about discover more

Why our interest in Steve? Because and the world they live in.

The Chevron—

Sign of excellenceStandard Oil Company of California and its worldwide family of Chevron Companies

April 1967 75 JOSEPH SAVINGS CASH 15% ON SMITH 500 LDS BOOKS OVER up to 20% on some titles

Details on how you can obtain your LDS books at these savings available on request, or the details will be sent with your order.

FASCINATING WOMANHOOD $4.40

Helen B. Andelin (reg. $5.50) postpaid

MORMON DOCTRINE $5.90

Bruce R. McConkie (reg. $6.95) postpaid

OUT OF THE BEST BOOKS Vol. 2 $2.50

Bruce B. Clark and Robert K. postpaid

Thomas (reg. $2.95)

HIGHLIGHTS IN THE LIFE OF PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY $4.20

Jeannette McKay Morrell (reg. $4.95)

postpaid THE TEN MOST WANTED MEN $3.35 By Milton V.

Paul H. Dunn (reg. $3.95) postpaid

Backman, Jr.

STRANGERS ON EARTH $4.20

Sara and Irene Black (reg. $4.95) postpaid (Part 2)

THE ART OF HOMEMAKING enlarged) (revised and $3.35 English theologians recognized the resurrection, they were forced

(reg. Daryl Hoole $3.95) postpaid

the unorthodox teaching of Morto disembody Christ after his

THE FOURTH THOUSAND monism, for in 1841, shortly after ascension in order to conform with $5.90 YEARS

W. Cleon Skousen (reg. $6.95) postpaid the message of the Restoration had the principles of the Nicene Creed.

If order for less than $3.00 add 10c handling charge. been carried to the British Isles, Joseph Smith revealed the truth

Residents of Arizona add 3 percent sales tax. they branded Latterday Saints as that Christ retained his body of

LDS MAILBOX BOOKSTORE Unitarians and critics of the flesh and bones.

Arizona P.O. Mesa, 2454, 85201 Box

Trinity. 9 The Book of Mormon describes Offer good and Canada. only in U.S.

Since the Prophet's teachings on clearly the literal resurrection of the separate nature of the Father the body. This doctrine was also

and the Son were well known by expressed in numerous revelations

BLACK & WHITE the Saints, Joseph did not astound recorded by the Prophet and was

8 exposure roll when he spoke on multiple Gods. tions. "... the spirit and the bodyFILMS the LDS congregation in 1844 circulated in Mormon publicaThe Prophet exclaimed that whenare the soul of man,"was revealedIIfDEVELOPED & PRINTED

IN JUMBO SIZE ever he had preached on the to Joseph in 1832; "And the resur12 exposures 504 20 exposures $1.00 subject of the Deity he had taught rection from the dead is the re36 exposures $1.50 "the plurality of Gods.""It has demption of the soul."(D&C

the Elders for 88:1516.)

continued. COLOR FILM beenfifteenpreachedyears,"heby "I

DEVELOPING have always declared God to be a of "AllGod,"will thebe raisedProphetby wrotethe powerten distinct personage, years later in Jesus Christ a Seathe Times and KODACOLOR

Roll 8-Exposure per separate and distinct sons, spirit personage "having in their bodies

Printing roll Dev. and $2.55

1 2-Exposure Roll per from God the Father, and the Holy and not blood."Flesh and blood

Printing $3.00 Dev. and ro || Ghost was a distinct personage and cannot enter heaven, but flesh and

Reprints Color 204 each a Spirit: and these three constitute bones, quickened by the Spirit of

three distinct SLIDES COLOR personages and three God, can. Moreover, Joseph Smith Color Slides per 10

Dev. roll Gods."201 35exp.,mm and that taught Mount...$1.35 after man is resurrected

Color Slides 135 per mm After rejecting the doctrine of a the pattern of Christ's resurrection. exp., Dev. roll and 36 Mount... $2.40

Color Movie per Trinity of one essence, as the Death, he alleged, separated 8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 roll Lmitarians of Channing's age had Christ's body and spirit, and when

GENEALOGY PHOTOS uniquedone, Josephdoctrine Smithof the restorednature ofa thedead;spiritbut departed,the bodythelivedbodyagainwas

of NEGATIVES MADE OLD Christ's body. Although most when the spirit by the power of the each. 604 PHOTOS, PRINTS

of NEGATIVE, 54 each Christians believed in the resurresurrection reunited with it. 11

Send coin only—no C.O.D.'s rection of the body and asserted At a conference held in Nauvoo

MoneyBack Guarantee that Christ was the "firstfruits"of on October 3, 1841, the Prophet

SAM'S PHOTO LAB P.O. Box 1115 Dept. AA Salt Lake City, Utah

76 Improvement Era In the spring of1848, black waves of crickets swarmed over the Mormon Pioneers'first crop ofcorn and wheat, consuming everything in their path. There seemed no stopping the onslaught, and the pioneers could at last onlyfall on

their knees and pray. Then it happened. Clouds ofsea gulls suddenly swooped infrom Great Salt Lake and devoured

the pests... and a thankful people were savedfrom almost certain starvation!

Send for this picture in brilliant natural colors

YOURS FOR JUST 3 SEGO MILK LABELS

First offered 12 years ago during Sego Milk's Sego Milk, P. O. Box 934, Salt Lake Gity,

50th anniversary, the picture is now reissued in Utah 841 10.

response to continuing demand.

Note: Ifyour store does

Beneath the lithographed reproduction of the not have Sego Milk, painting on its 1 1"x 15"mount, suitable for 3 PETMILK labels framing, is a brief story of this remarkable will do as well.

historical moment.

Get your free picture at your store when you buy

Incorporated 3 tall cans of Sego Milk. Or send 3 labels to:

DIVISION MILKPETPRODUCTS explained that while Christ's body spirit was substance and was eterwas lying in the sepulcher, he was nal, and that the resurrected body a ministering or disembodied spirit, was spiritual, there is no contrabut after his resurrection, "Jesus diction, as some have contended, in

Christ went in body... to minister the statement that the Father is

to resurrected bodies."12 spirit and Christ is a personage of

Nowhere can one find in the tabernacle. 14 "All spirit is matter,

scriptures nor in the writings of the but it is more fine or pure,"the

Prophet any indication that Christ Prophet declared. (D&C 131:7.)

was disembodied after his ascenOn another occasion he stated sion. The Prophet said to the that "man is spirit. The elements

Saints at Ramus, Illinois, April 2, are eternal, and spirit and element, 1843: "The Father has a body of inseparably connected, receive a

flesh and bones as tangible as fulness of joy...."(D&C 93:33.)

man's; the Son also; but the Holy By the tripartite comparison, the

Ghost... is a personage of Spirit.""Lectures on Faith"definitely im-

(D&C 130:22.) These instructions ply that the Father and the Son,

and many of the recorded sermons who is in "His 'express image,'delivered by the Prophet were carpossess material bodies in form ried to Utah by the pioneers. Delike the created man.

prived of the authority and many Six years before the Prophet's of the teachings of the Prophet, ah death, Parley P. Pratt published a

"Where the World apostasy plagued those who drifted blistering denunciation of the

Registers"from the Church, just as a pestimedieval or traditional concept of lence of spiritual darkness had crept the Trinity:

Your next trip to Denver—the over primitive Christianity. "I must say, that I never saw

climate capital of America—In order to justify their condemsuch a bundle of nonsense, contrawill be most memorable when nation of the "Utah Mormon"docdiction and absurdity, thrown toyou stay at the Brown Palace. trine of God, nonLDS authors are gether before.

600 air conditioned rooms forced to deny the validity of many "1st. A God without body or

suites and executive rooms reported discourses of the Prophet. parts, consisting of three persons.

five famous restaurants It is true that errors may have been "2nd. One of these persons, who

complete convention made in transcribing the precise is very God, was crucified, dead accommodations words employed by Joseph Smith, and buried (without body or

... To expedite your reply, write Dept. IE but there is no evidence that his parts!).

basic teachings were changed. "4th. This God (without body or

In addition to the Prophet's reparts) arose from the dead, and

KARL W. MEHLMANN, General Manager corded witness, there is other took upon him his body, when he

Represented by: evidence that Joseph Smith taught had nbne; but to cap the climax,

MEMBER ROBERT F. WARNER the plurality and anthropomorphic he has gone to Heaven, there to

York City New 'DISTINGUISHED 1 GLENN W. FAWCETT concepts of Deity. These tenets are remain, till He comes to judge the

. HOTELS Los Angeles also found in the writings of other world at the last day....

leaders of the Church and in the "Here then is the Methodist God,V J description of Mormon theology without either eyes, ears or mouth!

by nonMormons, prior to the And yet man was created after the

Prophet's martyrdom. image of God; but this could not

Let's make FatherIn theis "Lecturesdepicted ason a Faith,"spirit andthe hasapplynotoimagethe Methodistor likeness!God,...for he

15 our target nacle,the Son"madeas a orpersonagefashioned ofliketaberunto both"Webodyworshipand parts."a God who has

a man... or rather, man was In 1840, John Taylor also pubformed after his likeness and in his lished a comparison between Mor- "The ERA image."The discourse concludes mon and Methodist theology. After

that Christ "is also in the likeness quoting Parley P. Pratt's critique,

of the personage of the Father."13 he affirmed Latterday Saint belief in every

home!"Since the Prophet taught that in an anthropomorphic God. 16—>-

78 Improvement Era children Why chain school to a "little red schoolhouse"heating system?

Walls in the newest schools move about with A DMS can ventilate with 100% outside air. And

changing classroom needs. But this requires a it cools free, with outside air, at temperatures

heatingcooling-ventilating system of like flexibilbelow 57F. Low (42") silhouette. A choice of gas,

ity. electricity or hot water as a heat source. Air conOld-fashioned unit ventilators are too restrictive ditioning can be included initially or added later.

... bound to permanent walls... rigidly conWhat are you building? An office, school or

nected to the heating/ cooling source. church? Clinic, laboratory, apartment, plant? You

By contrast, a Lennox Direct Multizone System can occupy earlier, alter more freely, with DMS, has flexible ducts, moveable outlets. So walls can Write for details: Lennox Industries Inc., 2200

be moved, added, eliminated. S. Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Each roofmounted DMS unit provides individual roomby-room control—for up to 12 zones. Can

heat, cool, ventilate simultaneously. Respondsinstantly to changes in weather or occupancy. LENNOX

AIR CONDITIONING HEATING

At last! A chalk board

that doesn't In another tract published in his teachings were distinct. In a

1844, entitled Immortality and summary of Mormon theology, one

Eternal Life of the Material Body, of the more influential antiMor-

Parley P. Pratt used Christ as an mon authors, J. B. Turner, professorSCREECH! example "of a material organizaat Illinois College, charged, "I have

tion; of flesh and bones actually reserved one choice specimen of

rescued from the dominion of 'Mormon logic and literal interpre- l/euet death and the grave, and made imtation of the Scriptures,'with mortal, and capable of eternal which to grace the climax of the existence."Then he compared the Mormon Babel."The Mormon

nature of the Father's body with concept of God, he indignantly althat of his Son. "God, the Father leged, is the cornerstone of Mormon

of our Lord Jesus Christ,"he readoctrine. All men should examineCHALK & TACK BOARD FOR

CLASSROOM scripture revealed as a being posabortion of all scripture, all reason,HOME soned, "is everywhere in the "this hideous and blasphemous

FAMILY NIGHT sessingits parts.bodily... Fromorganizationall theseinfactsall allMormondecency,literaland interpretationall sense!"Theof

is the nervetingling forever Gone "Velvet we learn that God the Father has the scriptures, Turner avowed, screeching. of chalk sound

Touch"simply will not screech, and a real and substantial existence in "involves giving to Deity a human writing on it is as smooth as glass. form, and implements of human

There's no other board like it. enterprise."However, the profesSeagull Monument in Spring Sturdy, lightweight aluminum frame sor admitted that Mormon arguWide tray for chalk and eraser By Helen Reed Moffitt ments in defense of the concept of

Sealed cork tack board is washable God appeared reasonable. "A Morfor strip top look lifeless across eyes Tack notes Your down sectarian,"in a with debate on mon

easily easily Hangs throngs "is Irishlike the contended, he 16"x size Overall -- removes25 Square; through pass Temple Who bite, feel his flea: can he man's (light or Sienna brown) Green cry, call, voiceless a welcome Your his finger puts he but when

SPECIAL OFFER To all who enter there, where he is, he is not there....

Order direct from manufacturer and Your shining wings, so pure and They are at least vexatious and save. with check or in coupon Send white, opponents."18 troublesome Price includes order. money clean by April rain. Washed a professor of Henry Caswall, shipping anywhere

in continental U.S.A. J 195 Bird of beauty, who has endured divinity at Kemper College, Misthrough IT also souri, with acquainted was Chalk Please send Touch me ( )Velvet will remain. Decades,

literais nonMormon and Board(s). Mormon Enclosed Tack and my

check or money order @ $11.95 each. ture. In his work The Prophet of

Symbol of prayers by faithful piothe Nineteenth Century, published

Name neers in 1843, Caswall declared, "The

Street Address For growing field; Mormons deny that 'God is a spirit

God's emissary, sent by him, to without body, parts, or passions,'

Cit 'Z 'P y'state yield. harvest a Spare Green D form, with him a and assign human to: velvet mail Sienna touch D to lands foreign. CITY, 1833 LAKE SALT P.O. BOX UTAH 84110 Not of feelings instruments and your kind human

Need ever roam. human enterprise."Again vindiWhite gull, full of grace, God made cating a teaching of the Prophet,

Mount Zion your home. the professor affirmed that the

Mormons believe God is "maLet's make human form and proportions, like terial."19

restored like not only Smith man."and Jesus Christ, Joseph He

pertaining to that a spirit, knowledge our target admitted mankind was God / / but he defined spirit the same as to the nature of Christ's resurthe Prophet did, as matter, "alrected body, but he also revealed a The ERA though of a refined nature."17 novel nineteenth century concept

in every uniqueSince conceptJoseph Smithof God,restoredhis con-a body.of the natureWhile oftranslatingChrist's premortalthe Book

home!"temporaries readily recognized that of Mormon, the latterday Prophet

80 Improvement Era Yours for the asking..

with the compliments of FIRST SECURITY BANK

Fullcolor portrait of BRIGHAM YOUNG

by the eminent artist John Willard Clawson (grandson of Brigham Young) The lithographed reproduction of the handsome oil painting in brilliant natural colors is on an 11 -inch by 15 -inch mount, suitable for framing.

Portrait artist JOHN WILLARD CLAWSON was born in the Beehive House in

Salt Lake City, January 18, 1858. He first studied painting at the University

of Deseret, then three years under the English painter Willmarth. For the

next six years he studied abroad, primarily in Paris and Venice under

Laurens, Constant, Lefebvre, taking criticism from Manet and Monet. He

painted portraits of members of Parliament in England before returning to BRIGHAM YOUNG, President and pioneer leader of The the United States where he did portraits in New York, Los Angeles, San Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, was the first

Francisco and Salt Lake City. The San Francisco fire in 1906 destroyed his president of the Bank of Deseret and Deseret National

in Salt at portraits valued $80,000.studio then Lake City 20 He died and of First Security direct Bank. predecessors The Bank,

of of Smith. portrait while Joseph 6, 1936April The portrait on a working

will be of the original founding 100th anniversary bank 1904. in painted grandfather,his was Young, Brigham

in 1971. observed

FREE to adults at any First Security Bank in Utah, Idaho and Wyoming.

BY MAIL—Enclose 25c to cover postage and handling. Write: Brigham Young Portrait,

First Security Bank, Main at First South, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111.

Save $16.00 Now... While They Last!

COMPAQ, EASYTO-USE MIN0LTINA-P CAMERA with CASE

Regular $65.95

NOW ONLY 95 $49Only $1 a Week! Pay Nothing Down.

Combines ultraslim styling and true pocketsize convenience with all the advantages of regular 35mm film.

Semiautomatic operation to give you the best features of handset and automatic operation for the sharpest, brightest slides and snaps. Salt Lake City: 273 S. Main—155 S. Main—

2190 Highland Dr.

161 W. Center St.—Provo:

Park Avenue Come In, Phone, or Order by Mail! Ogden: 2443IdahoWash.Falls:Blvd446

April 1967 81 learned that man's physical body to the brother of Jared, and it was nature of Christ and all others who was patterned after Christ's spiri- "as the finger of man like unto were born or will be born on this tual body. Christ told the brother flesh and blood.""Of course, the earth. "... I was in the beginning

of Jared that "as I appear unto Lord's finger appears as the finger with the Father,"Christ informed thee to be in the spirit will I apof a man,"retorted Parley P. Pratt Joseph Smith, "and am the Firstpear unto my people in the flesh."in 1838 to Sunderland's charges, "or born.... Man was also in the

(Eth. 3:16.) man could not be created after His beginning with God."(D&C 93:21,

An antiMormon editor of Zion's image and likeness.... Why wor29.) Moreover, Joseph Smith reWatchman, L. R. Sunderland, deship a God who has no ears, mouth stored the unique concept that the

nounced the Book of Mormon benor eyes?"20 Father is literally the Father of the

cause Christ, before his birth in the In a revelation received in 1833, spirits of all men, including the meridian of time, showed his finger the Prophet learned of the eternal spirit of Christ, and that Jesus is our Elder Brother.

In other revelations, Joseph learned that Lucifer, another of

God's spiritual children, "sought to destroy the agency of man"and was therefore cast out of heaven.

The Father's plan of redemption was accepted, after which the itsWunderbar! Saviortion ofof themankind,Father,undercreatedthe directhis

for insurance salesmen earth and other worlds. (Moses

1:3233; 4:1-3.)

Joseph Smith also revealed to mankind a more comprehensive If you're a returned missionary now selling insurance and long for the chance description of life beyond the to return to Europe...OR...you haven't grave, including the meaning of

heard about you've to Europe but been Christ's that acstatement all who SOME FACTS us) Wonderful (pardon the Wunderbar cepted one him would become..this there. mesfinancial opportunity

ABOUT A VERY sage is for you. We know of no better with God.

road to success than that being traveled The Prophet's teachings concernby our European agents. We call it ing a literal resurrection of the body

Europe's UNCOMMON market... and and the eternal life of man agreed here's why!

A PROVEN SALES PATTERN... You in some respects with provisions in

of creeds Christendom. His only. many personnel with military career deal MARKET!

Christ's doctrine that averaged representatives in Europe atonement Our $1,150,000 of face amount production was not limited but applied to all during 1966 men was similar to the claims of... You receive MORE MONEY MUCH

perthe Universalists. plus generous high commissions

sistency bonuses. The Prophet also agreed with

TAX FREE INCOME... You experience those who denounced the literal

a once in a lifetime personal financial interpretation of a hell of fire and opportunity. brimstone, and in a general way

... You CAPTIVATING ENVIRONMENT with the Roman Catholics in their once an atmosphere live and sell in

known only to rich tourists. concept that there was an interBut like they say, "the proof of the pudmediate or preparatory stage beding is in the eating,"and our Eurotween death and a final judgment.

pean District Manager can document Moreover, he approved of the the story for you. He'll be in Salt Lake

City April 15 through 30. He would be teachings of denominations that

pleased to talk with you. Write right taught the necessity of baptism for

now (or call, since time is short), and entrance into God's kingdom.

This is we'll an interview. arrange a The Prophet restored knowledge in All of our agents sales force. select

Europe are active LDS Church members. of Christ's mission to paradise, the

divisions in the spirit world, and p. O. Box 2520

Salt Lake City, Utah Telephone HU 7-7411, Ext. 34 INSURANCE COMPANY

82 Improvement Era the Savior's opening the gates for missionary work to be conducted in the spirit prison. He unfoldedthe program by which all men Your choice

would be granted the opportunity to learn the gospel and receive the ordinances essential for eternal life.

aptly described God's mansionsHe in cononly *1.49 heaven. unique He taught

cepts of the nature and purposes of temples, including baptism for

Choose one ofof the dead, endowments, and celesthese outstanding tial marriage. LDS books at a

If man is obedient to God's laws, GenealogicaJ fraction of its the Prophet said that he would Research regular price when inherit the celestial kingdom, Standards you join LDS live with God, receive the Books Club and title of "god,"have eternal increase, make your first and therefore be one with God. regular Club

And the Prophet averred that the selection.

Mormon Book of Genealogical Day Theywork and glory of Christ is "to The for Young the Stories Research Martyred bring to pass the immortality and Prophet L.D.S. Standards

eternal life of man."(Moses 1:39.) Henry A. Smith by Emma Marr Petersen by Derek Harland

The reality of these doctrines is $3.25 $3.25 $2.95

continually found in Joseph Smith's

Make your first Club selection from these books:recorded revelations and discourses,

THE TO 2. THE ART OF 3. MEETverified by Mormon and non- 1. TRUE MORMONS HOMETHE FAITH

writers. teachings on HisMormon MAKING 1 by compiled by

L. Green Doyle Christ of missionthe V. nature Daryl W& by and R. Llewelyn

Randall L.Green

Hoole McKay other continue subjectsand many ilBeautifully hints Helpful The sermons with lustrated HOMEMAKING Prophet'sto of the evidence bear everything on writings and of hundreds cooking from 0.calling. doctrines unfolded of David The picand photos

child care. to inAn McKay. in tures, most the upon were based Prophetby enand New spiring work. color. full

revelation, inspiration, and trans- $3.95 larged. $3.95 $2.95

lation.. He was not primarily a

popularizer. The fact that he pro- I. THE BOOK 5. THE MIRACLE 6. J. GOLDEN

mulgated inspired doctrines, unique I STORYOF MORMON ALITYOF PERSONKIMBALL

Claude byto his age, is accepted evidence by

Richards adapted by by Sterling W.

his followers that he was divinely Mary P. Parrish Sill The inspiring

summoned to inaugurate the disWritten in con52 stimulating biography of pensation of the fullness of times. temporarylish. BeautifulEng- ***HST 'chaptersmake self thatimanLatteroutstandingday

ly illustrated by provement a Saint. $3.95 FOOTNOTES artist Ronald pleasure. I

Crosby. $6.95 $3.75

BThe Imposture Unmasked ( 2nd ed., Isle of

Man, 1841), p. 31.

Documentary History of the Church, Vol. 6,

pp.nTimes47374.and Seasons, April 1, 1842; April LDS BOOKS CLUB, INC.

P.O. Box 400 Salt Lake City, Utah 8411015,12DHC,1842; Vol.DHC,4, Vol.pp. 42426.6, pp. 5152.

1835. lsMessenger and Advocate, May in the amount order of $ or money Enclosed is my check Peterson, "Problems in Mormon 14LaMar "Book of MorProphet"; the Martyred They Day "The Please send manuscript,Text"Brigham (unpublished Young

Standards"Research "GenealogicalUniversity, ": or L.D.S. 1957). for Stories Young mon

Pratt, Parley Parker Writings P. ]5Parley of book(s) following Also, send the of $1.49. price introductory special the Pratt, ed. Pratt ( Deseret Parker Robison News at

selection: Club first regular as myPress, 3233. 219, 1952). pp.

Taylor, Truth Defended and MethodlcJohn 3 4 5 6 in the ism Balance WantCircle identification numbers: 12 Weighed and Found

ing (Liverpool, 1840), p. 6. Enroll me as a LDS Books Club member and send me monthly reviews. I hereby agree to purchase

17Pratt, Writings, pp. 3536, 4041. a minimum of 4 regular selections or alternates during the next 12 months at the regular advertised

or selections alterClub as regular not qualify for B. Turner, Mormonism joining do in All Ages (New price books Books Club (Premium 18J. LDS

I will receive 4 For each books.York, 4 books I accept purchasing 240, 243, 287. time after at nates.) any pp. 1842), I may resign

19Henry Caswall, The Prophet of the Nine- a valuable bonus book free - a savings of 20V teenth Century (London, 1843), pp. 9596.

20Pratt, Writings, pp. 201, 219. Name

Address, City, State, Zip HHH Hl April 1967 83 Today's Family

By Florence B. Pinnock Step Softly into Spring

A fiveyear-old boy ran into the help you to reach these goals. place in this awakening. He who

house the first day of spring and 3. Organize yourself—pigeonloses his temper usually loses.

said, "Now when I walk I squash, hole duties in order to sidestep 18. Smile a "good morning"even

not squeak."Nature has softened, frustration. though it might be raining.

and the crunchiness of frozen 4. Relax and let the spring rains 19. Be conscious of your conpaths has given way to puddles of wash away tension. science. Listen as it nudges you.

water and spongy soil. As Mother 5. Look out of clean windows, Let that still, small voice guide you

Nature turns up the temperature because you have cleaned them and on your way.

and the earth relaxes from stringent they seem extra shiny. 20. Renew yourself. Getting

weather, we too can unwind and 6. Buy something new—a hat, a along depends on your own bestep softly into a gentle season. dress, or a daffodil. havior.

Stepping softly has connotations 7. Balance your wants and your 21. Light a brand new candle.

other than lifting one foot up and pocketbook. Your enthusiasm will make life

putting it down. We can step softly 8. Take time to pick violets. wortharoundlivingyou. for you and for those

with our minds, our tongues, and 9. Discover the radiance of a everything 22. Use have. you oftenour actions. Too and we leap

sunrise. spring half Don't live—all the ages are think,then express quickly or we

ourselves without being considerate 10. Feel the gentleness of a yours.

and understanding of the other spring evening. 23. Take a walk with a small

person. This spring we will take a 11. Enjoy the sensation of black child and see through his eyes.

giant step forward if thought comes soil running through your fingers. 24. As a wise man once said,

before words, if we keep silent 12. Thrill to the first hyacinth. "Realize that it doesn't much matter are this spring, where you but often, softlymore and if we step 13. Be conscious of that early it does matter you how act. Know another's feelings arewhen in robin. that it doesn't matter what so much

jeopardy. Let's tiptoe into spring. 14. Listen to nature awakening. happens to you, but it does matter

how you react."

15. Be understanding of young Springboards Two Dozen Happy, happy spring! love. to Spring

16. Discard sulphur and molasWINTER'S LAST FLING

1. Set goals to be accomplished ses in favor of a strong interest in

before summer. something or someone. Even when spring is springing,

2. Make a workable plan to 17. Realize that temper has no there comes a day when a bowl of

84 Improvement Era good hot soup is just right. On this Golden Potato Soup carrots are almost tender. Stir in the

occasion the temperature has fallen (6 to 7 servings) soup;seasoningsgraduallyand stirheat in tomilk.servingAdd temthe

stirring perature, occasionally. Garnish spring away. seems a lifetimeand butter tablespoons

corn, if desired. with buttered popped onions cup chopped the youngsters with hotGreet soup Vz

cups shredded carrots as they run home for lunch, or add 1 can condensed cream of potato Soup Medley its fragrance to say "welcome soup (6 servings) home"at dinner time. 2 cupsteaspoonmilk salt 1 cup cooked meat, chicken, or turkey

There are two ways to make soup Va teaspoon celery salt 1 cup cooked vegetables—one in an "allday soup pot,"PepperDash of tonutmegtaste 11 cansoupcreamcan milk,of mushroomor moresoupif a thin

starting with a beef shank and soup is desired vegetables to be simmered for CoverMelt butter;and simmerstir in overonionlowandheatcarrots.until SeasoningsVz cup waterto taste

hours, or in a modern approach, using canned bouillon and soups supplemented by a few imaginative ingredients. Try some of these

recipes; the results will be nourishing and delicious and ready for the

table in minutes. Form a new habit

in your life and make soup the "instant"way.

Baked Bean Soup Pot (6 to 8 servings)

8 slices bacon, cut in 1-inch pieces 3 cups milk 1 can (1 pound) pork and beans in tomato sauce Salt and pepper to taste 1 lemon, thinly sliced

Crisp the bacon and pour off drippings.

Add milk and half of the beans, which have been mashed. Stir in the other half

of the beans unmashed. Heat the soup

to serving temperature, stirring occasionally. Season and serve with a thin

slice of lemon floating on top.

Beefy Soup

(10 servings) iy2 cups water 2 cups shredded potatoes 3 tablespoons chopped onion 4 tablespoons butter Since 1951 alone, U.S. Steel has spent an cleaner air and water indicates pretty well

1 tablespoon flour estimated $200 million for the installation our attitude toward pollution control; and

4 cups milk of devices for the abatement of air and each new facility we build is equipped with 1 package (3y2 ounces) smoked water pollution. the latest available antipollution devices.

sliced beef A big problem remains, however. It is And we'll be spending more millions on

1 can (83 ounces) whole kernel the matter of designing the most efficient air and water pollution control as we concorn and economical devices, and that's a diffitinue our expansion and modernization 14 teaspoon celery seed cult job. In many cases, it costs as much—programs all across the country, because

1 cup dairy sour cream sometimes more—to remedy the final five United States Steel believes it has an obliSalt, pepper per cent of air or water pollutants as it gation to its neighbors to help conserve

Chopped parsley does the first 95 per cent. That final five natural resources.

per cent is the tough one. And, besides, we breathe the air and

Boil potatoes and onion in the water U.S. Steel's $200 million investment in drink the water, too.

until tender. Melt butter, stir in flour,

and add milk, stirring constantly. Add

this sauce to the cooked potatoes and

Stir in beef, been which hasonions. cut (USS) United States Steel

corn, and pieces, undrained into small celery seed. Add more milk if too thick.

Gently blend in sour cream. Season

with salt and pepper. Serve with minced

parsley sprinkled on top.

April 1967 85 FOR QUILTING!

100% Pure Combine the ingredients; heat, stirring Melt butter; saute onions until tender

Nylon Tricot constantly. Serve. salt.but notRemovebrown.fromStir heat;in flourgraduallyand onionstir

Salmon Bisque toin milk.boilingReturnpoint; toreduceheat andheat bringand simjust

(8 servings) mer 5 minutes. Add vegetable soup;

heat to serving temperature. Halffill

butter 4 tablespoons with bowls slice Float soup a soup. of

finely cup onion chopped y3 French bread sprinkle with on top, and finely cup chopped green pepper Y3 1 tablespoon Swiss addicheese. Pour

finely celery cup chopped fill tional Y2 over soup bread to bowl.

tablespoons 3 flour Sprinkle with additional Swiss cheese.

1 teaspoon salt a Garnish with dash of paprika.

y8 teaspoon pepper 4 cups milk 1 cup (7 3/4 ounces) salmon, drained, Frankly Soup

White boned, and broken into chunks (6 to 8 servings)

Candlelight 2 tablespoons chopped pimiento

Pink 14 cup sliced ripe olives 2 tablespoons butter

Yellow 14 cup chopped onion butter; Melt saute onion, green pepper, Violet 1 can condensed green pea soup

Blue until celery low over and heat tender. 1 can vegetable condensed soup

Green in Stir salt, flour, and pepper. Remove instant nonfat cup dry milk Red stir heat; in milk. gradually Cook 2/3 if water, or a 2 cups thinner more Flame fromover stirring heat, constantly medium is desired soup Rose

until thickened. pimiento. salmon, Add frankfurters, Navy into pound cut V-inch y2 olives. ripe sliced and serving to Heat Black pieces

temperature.

Melt butter; saute onion until tender

Oniony Soup drybut notmilk;brown.graduallyAdd stirsoupsin andthe nonfatwater.

(10 servings) Add frankfurters, and heat, stirring y2 cup butter constantly.

3 cups sliced onions 1 tablespoon flour Tomato Consomme 1 teaspoon onion salt 5 to 6 cups milk Blend condensed consomme with equal 2 cans condensed vegetable soup parts tomato juice; heat. Garnish with

French bread, cut in 1-inch slices grated orange rind. This is delicious

2 cups shredded Swiss cheese served as an appetizer with cheese

Paprika cubes.

colorfast dripdry machine washable

Make Them More Beautiful Make Them Last..

Fashion exquisite rich, your quilts of most lusHindsight Tricot. trous Denier Nylon for 40 years Wears

... may be handed down for generations. 102

this is inches wide, fabric miracle wonderful to Experience is a great teacher sauce along with vinegar or lemon.. handle. brilliant pastels Heavenly. clear colors.

For price and favorite color swatches, write or that is, if we are willing to learn juice and found that the product phone 4873621. from the acts of others and if we has become thin? Simple remedy

available Yardage by to are alert It our mistakes. own refrigerator. put it in the—-just

M.O. Check or;A

it Wouldn't its idea be a good will return to if we original conwere able to do a thing as well sistency. Also, did you know that2511 SO. WEST TEMPLE /*HSALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84115

the first time as the second? most dairy sour cream can be

lli!-<i(far>4 -<'"HH!)|)l)(l()|] Hindsight is so much more acwhipped? Follow general direcIt willIN USE FOR OVER 75 YEARS curate than foresight in alleviating tions for whipping cream.

Aids in treatment of simple sore errors. take about five minutes. The sour

Each month this column will cream will thin out at the beginthroat and other minor mouth and have a suggestion for a better way ning of the whipping process, butthroat irritations.

to do something. Many things it will thicken up again. It will

HALL'S REMEDY arehaps learnedhere wethe canhardhelpway.you Perto cream,not becomebut it willas thickdoubleas inwhippingvolume.

Salt Lake City, Utah avoid the mistakes others have This is good for those watching made and do it right the very first could use two full Holomalic Gas Water calories—you

Healer #3 time. tablespoons and get just the

Will supply all the hot water needed for Baptistries, Kitchens, Church for Hint April: calories you ever Have of one tablespoon of dairy Rest Rooms. 450 Heats GPH,

in rise temperature. Write for free in sour 20 mixed cream or a dressing sour cream. O folders heaters, water Fiberglass on

Baptistries and spires. Also

Electric Water Heaters.

LITTLE GIANT MFG. CO.

907 7th Street, Orange, Texas

86 Improvement Era LOS FILMS are available for rental from libraries located in

IDAHO FALLS LETHBRIDGE

LOS ANGELES MESA NEW YORK CITY PROVO SALT LAKE CITY Write for free brochure.

Educational Media Services Brigham Young University Illustrated by Phyllis Luch Provo, Utah 84601

Deseret Book Co., Film Dept.

44 East South Temple Home,Sweet Home Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

CLIP AND MAIL

A time comes when them are praying together, and playing two of you. Perhaps a bride and together can bring heaven a Please enter a year

to subscription In this closeness little nearer. "I Or do."just said, havegroom

Era for Improvement even in The can be relaxation there the passed, have the yearsmaybe children have grown and flown, study. Name and there are just the two of you One couple makes this evening Address.

again. Even under these circum- a time of surprises: the surprise

stances there is great meaning to of thought, the surprise of underCity- home evening. standing, and the surprise of a State- -ZipYou two are a family. There special treat. One week the wife This is a renewal

are supports to strengthen, bonds will have prepared candy, punch, This is a gift fj to build, and ties to weld. It is or cookies she knows to be a (Check one)

a time when two people who favorite of her mate. Another Give credit for this subscription to

mean more to each other than to time he will produce a special Ward or anyone else in the world enjoy candy bar or a small box of nuts Branch each other. There is much to to be enjoyed, or once in a while Stake or

learn, and this family hour can be after the lesson he will invite her—Mission

a source of knowledge. to go for a ride, ending at the ice If gift, also give name and address

Take turns giving the lesson. cream parlor. of donor.

Discuss each point freely. Express Every week at this time there is Name your own convictions, but at the the treat of just being together,

same time try to understand your with the television set turned off, Addressignored, and telephone the partner's. studyIyear $8.25 $3.00 suggest in authority those *A years$5.75 t> years ing what Understanding not just of the

Chu,rch doctrines but of the depths we learn. This family hour can Add $2.50 for each additional year

of each other can be discovered be a precious, happy, rewarding inat this time. Studying together, terval in two lives. FBP The

79 SOUTH STATE STREET SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84111 April 1967 87 IS YOUR FOOD STORAGE PROGRAM ECONOMICALLY SOUND?

Richard L. Evans

The Spoken Word

And So He Succeeded

% A /e would touch for a moment some principles from the life of

Lincoln, as pertinent to the present as ever they were to the \/ \/ V Vpast. At a time when some seem overprivileged and some feel

underprivileged, and many revolt, and many drop out and don't prepare themselves, we are reminded that "Lincoln knew toil.... He knew cold

and hardship... want and hunger.... Nature chastened him. She

... gave [and] she deceived, or cheated, him cannot be him that stortaught heart is the food of any Wheat

supply program, keep age your wheat in log of his very born an honesty was... and muscle."bone 1 "He basis turnover rather regular on a

risk spoilage. Write for informathan... illtion highprotein, cleaned cabin without heat, running water; or any modem convenience about

wheat. your Make food storage profed, illclothed, illhoused.... His schooling was limited to a few scattered

practical program. gram a

weeks, under teachers whose own schooling had been meager,"Bruce

SURPRISE! AND

you That wheat have stored in your Barton has reminded us; and further: "According to a philosophy now

the most basement makes... should have convinced him... that he was

goods. other bread and baked deliciousNow widely current, this

wheat can convert your stored you... But no one told him this. Instead, he was told

flour at natural your doomed to failure. into wholesome

convenience by using the superb Allthat he was fortunate because he had been born in a country where any

Grain Flour Mill.

boy might properly aspire to even the highest success,... that selfADAPTATION A MODERN discipline and hard work were his only path to salvation,... that the

Mill AllGrain is a modern elecThe tric old fashioned, refinement the of privilege of selfgovernment involved the responsibility of selfsupport....

flour mill that twostone preserves nutrition nature's marvelous and flaHe had every excuse for discouragement, selfpity, and revolt.... But

exceptional economy. vor with

flavor, to enjoy top Start now good no one... suggested that it was useless to try"2—and so he succeeded,

Mills available health economy. and

in two sizes. All mills guaranteed for not misled by the "myth of the simple days,... when everything was

one year. Easy terms.

For full information, write: [presumed to be] easy as contrasted with the present when problems

are assumed to be hopelessly complex. But there never were any simple

ALLGRAIN FLOUR MILL days."- There were always problems. There were always reasons,

Dept. E, P.O. Box 168 real or otherwise, for the faint of heart to feel sorry for themselves. And

Brigham City, Utah 84302 to the young of this day, indeed to all of us, this is one of the lessons of or Lincoln: that the real chances are not gone, that the real values are

P.O. Box 115

Tremonton, Utah 84337 within the man—his mind, his heart; that humble beginnings need not

be a barrier; that the standard of living may not be so important as

the standard of thinking. With faith, humility, work, courage, character—there are opportunities everywhere. No one. young or old, has

right or reason to do other than prepare and improve himself and take

Let's make hisfromplaceLincoln.in selfrespect and serve in honor and honesty. This we learn

#"The Spoken Word"from Temple our target Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System February 12, 1967. Copyright 1967.

Alfred M. Landon, "True Humility,"delivered at the

Lincoln Day dinner, National Republican Club, New

York, February 12, 1937. 2Bruce Barton, "The

for Lesson Today,"of Abraham Lincoln—A

Buffalo of the 'The ERA Faithdelivered at Lincoln Day dinner

Athletic Club, Buffalo, New York, and broadcast over the Mutual Broadcasting System

February 12, 1940. in every

home!

The Church

Moves On

January 1967 Soundest investment you can make!

New stake presidencies sus- (Iowa) tained: Cedar Rapids H. The record of PresidentStake, DuWayne

Winston counselors andBanks Jae progress at Utah's Red- E. Roberts; RobertReese and

Stake, (California)wood President fabulous Silver and counselors G. MillerRichard

Gene B. Welling and Loren D.Jenks. Creek is your

Grand Coulee North (Washassurance of ington) Stake was organized under the direction of Elder Mark outstanding growth

E. Petersen of the Council of the

Twelve and Elder John Longden, potential

Assistant to the Twelve, with Leslie

H. Boyce sustained as president

and Garnett R. Port and Steele T. So many and so desirable are the advantages of land ownership at

Freer as counselors. When Elder Silver Creek that of the original 3,200 acres—they're 80% sold out!

Petersen organized the Grand Over 300 happy owners share a huge, 5-story 200,000gallon water

Coulee Stake April 18, 1954, he anstorage tank with 4,000 feet of water pipeline already installed; 1

nounced that the stake was the miles of allweather roads completed in the residential area. Some

213th stake functioning. This time homes are already built; others are under construction. AND... with

he announced that Grand Coulee the contract for the Interstate 80 Freeway Interchange scheduled to

North Stake was the 426ththat the be awarded in May, your property investment can only head in one number of stakes in the Church direction—and that's UP!

had doubled in less than 13 years.

full purchase price just also hadElder Longden been at Spacious $ 34 COO $01 organizaStake Coulee Ithe Grand per month 2!/2-acre lots \3 down 53,150 W 41 tion, representing the Church welUp to 8 years to pay. Limited offer.

fare committee.

Send card today for more information about Silver Creek.

February 1967 This is the month of the PriDrive up Parley's mary Penny Parade, which Canyon (U.S. 40/ 4. Silver Creek

to Properties Rockport Chil- 1-80) Primary helps support the Lake

Dell Silver V Mountain Estates Creek

Golf Course in Salt dren's Hospital Lake City.

Beginning today fulltime misoffice on property at Silver Creek silver Creek sionaries will receive their call to their field of labor in the language Junction. Salt fe.Interchange

7 there Salesman Lake 0. to For native the missionary. City Park week. a days Or

City \ Golf Course and other areas wards some time 3636100. Resort i Park City \<f Ski phone

in places where the English lanSilver Creek Solitude guage is not native have been Corporation, Brighton participating in the fulltime mis- P. O. Box 1537

Salt Lake City, Altas To Deer Creek 1 Reservoir

Utah 84110 April 1967 89 sionary program. Letters of call, radio stations at Kansas City, MisPero

over the signature of the First souri, pending approval by the

Presidency, have previously always Federal Communications Commisbeen written in English. sion.

Bonneville International Corporation, parent organization WM William H. Bennett of Logan.

for broadcast properties of the Utah, Ara O. Call of Provo, "

Church, announced acquisition of Utah, and Sidney M. Horman of

THE NEW KMBC (AM) and KMBR (FM) Salt Lake City have been appointedU&S&&P? NONCAFFEINE

HOT DRINK A delicious and nourishing way to start the day for the whole family. Adults and children

like the delicious flavor of the wholesome grains. Richard L. Evans

Simple to fix—just add boiling water and

serve! Economical, too! Look for it at your favorite The Spoken Word

market. distributed by WORLD FOODS INC. The Process of Preparing

2520 South 7th West Salt Lake City, Utah

Dealers Inquiries Welcome Artnow,is long,moreandthanTimeever,is fleeting,"preparation1 as Longfellowis long—andlonglife agois fleeting—assaid. And

those who are young become ever more aware. And in addition to

academic credentials, it involves character, morality, dedication, maturity NEW DORMITORY

For Girls at the LDS Business College of mind and heart. And obviously there is sometimes discouragement

in the process of preparing, and some temptation to shortcuts, some temptation to quit. And at such times we would well remember these

words from David Starr Jordan: "Our duties to our afterselves are more

vital than our duties to our present selves...."2 All of us have felt

crowded and hard pressed at times and tempted to give up, tempted to bypass the best preparation possible. But no one has ever arrived

at solid attainment without some difficulty and delay. And to you who

Each apartment accommodates four girls and are young and preparing: Don't panic; don't be impatient. Don't worry

is complete with two bedrooms, double bath, about the time preparation takes. Rather, worry about time wasted,

living kitchen, Tenants room, and furniture.

limited Supervising and about time not spent in preparing. Keep moving. Think deeply. Learn to LDS. dorm parents

college ward make this a home away from home. thoroughly. Pray earnestly. Be on your way, but never in such a hurry

Write H. S. Saunders, as to skim the surface superficially. The direction is more important

LDS Business College, than the speed, and maturing always takes time. Always it takes time

411 East South Temple, to arrive at anything really worth wanting. It is still not a world of soSalt Lake City, Utah 84111 called quick success. It takes time and experience to develop the excellence for which the highest satisfaction is received, the highest price

paid. And what if it does take time? Everything does. Pleasure does.

Indolence does. Idleness does. Trivia and mediocrity take time. And

in a world that spends much time in pursuit of pleasure and that too much idealizes idleness, responsible excellence is still the essential factor of

JEWELRY CO. satisfaction and success—and the Lord God never intended that we

42WEST2ND. SOUTH DA 2-1039 should do anything but succeed. Those who drop out for trivial reasons,

SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH those who cease to learn, those who don't continue to increase their

INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER competence are exceedingly shortsighted.

*"The Spoken Word"from Temple

Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadan phono casting 1967. Copyright February 5, 1967. system pack,

of Life."Longfellow, crate,or off store move,shore) Psalm 'Hefiry "A on Wadsworfh

Licensed Insured for Quest Starr Jordan, -Dr. David The

Jr. V. Johnson, Nelson Happiness. Unearned 3950331 3463361 or

Colorado 1B14A Calif.Ave. 6916 Monica,Canoga

Park Canaga BRUIN Santa

90 Improvement Era to the priesthood welfare comUse today or store away! Vitamin C

Multiple Vitamins mittee. Safeguard your family's health... and Minerals

Mrs. Reba O. Carling of Salt now and later with a plentiful supply of: * MultiPurpose Food

Lake City and Mrs. Leanor J.

tablets (Ascorbic Acid) C VITAMIN HIGH POTENCYBrown of the EnglishSpeaking

Helps daily requirement. adults with minimum supply

Branch, Mexico City Stake, have protect family during cold winter months. Big Savings!

been appointed to the general MULTIPLE VITAMINS AND MINERALS contain 14 viof your each minerals. sure member Be tamins and 6board of the Relief Society.

food essential dietary for an takes a tablet a day family supplement. You'll save more at PermaPak.

Church units in the United MULTIPURPOSE FOOD... ideal as a low calorie

States had special services complete diet, food supplement, extender or fortifier.

marking this as Boy Scout Sunday. Marvelous for storing, for mobile or outdoor living, for

emergencies, for every day use. MPF is precooked. Add

dry to soups, juices, stew, meat dishes, breads, fruits and

Allen M. Swan has been apdozensdeliciousofcerealother orfoodvegetable.items. Add boiling water to make

pointed to the priesthood missionary committee of the Compare pricesthen make a better buy at PermaPak (801)Telephone:4869671

Church. Write for prices on single and group orders.

A new general board of the ofPoollowyourtruckingorder rates.with others to take advantage PERMAPAKPIONEERS IN PREPAREDNESS PRODUCTS

Deseret Sunday School Union was Church, civil defense, government leaders urge greater announced as follows: Richard E. personal preparedness. Plan to store and feel secure! 40 E. 2430 S., Salt Lake City, Utah 84115

Folland,* general secretary; Claribel Aldous*; Ruel A. Allred; J.

Hugh Baird; Catherine Bowles*;

John S. Boyden*; Marshall T. Bur- A CONVERT'S TRIBUTE TO

ton*; Herald L. Carlston*; Calvin PRESIDENT DAVID 0. McKAY

C. Cook*; Robert M. Cundick*; by F. E. Schluter

Reed C. Durham, Jr.; Robert L. A prominent businessman who finds himself captivated by the

Egbert; Henry Eyring*; Elmer J. powerfultribute topersonalitythe belovedofleaderthe prophet,of Mormondomjoins the Churchin this andexcitingpays

Hartvigsen*; A. Laurence Lyon; book. A marvelous addition to your family home evening

Thomas J. Parmley*; Dean A. library.

Peterson; Willis S. Peterson*; Blaine $1.

R. Porter; Warren E. Pugh; Ethna

Reid; Wayne F. Richards; G. Robert Ruff*; Alexander Schreiner*; tteseretCOMPANY Book

Joseph Fielding Smith, Jr.*; Donna 44 EAST SO. TEMPLESALTANDLAKEAT CITYCOTTONWOOD MALL

D. Sorensen*; Lorin F. Wheel777 2472SO MAINWASHINGTONST.. ORANGE.BLVD..CALIFORNIAOGDEN 44DESERETEast SouthBOOKTemple,COMPANYSalt Lake City, Utah 84110

wright*; Frank S. Wise*; Clarence orPlease777sendSouthmeMain,A Convert'sOrange, CaliforniaTribute92669

E. Wonnacott*; and Ralph WoodTotal amount of purchase $.....,

ward. (* Indicates membership on whichCaliforniaincludesresidentsZ lh% salesorderingfor Utahfrom residentsOrange. orderingI enclosefromcheck/moneySalt Lake, orderand 4% salesOR, taxpleasefor

previous board.) charge my established account Q

The First Presidency this week Nameissued a statement in support of the Address

Heart Fund campaign during CityState ZipApril 67 Er;

February.

Utah State University Stake CHI'S TOURS COMPLETE

II was formed by a division TRAVEL AGENCY, INC. INSURANCE

of Utah State University Stake at 179 So. State St., Salt Lake City, Utah SERVICE

Logan, with Reynold K. Watkins Phone 3221205 CASUALTYLIFE

sustained as president and Charles Join one of our many tours ACCIDENTFIRE

L. Hyde and Dan J. Workman as planned for your enjoyment BR 2-9878 HEALTH

Orient, Europe, America, South counselors. The stake was organHoly GR 6-1961 HERBERTWILLIAM W.H. BROWNBROWN Pacific, Alaska, Land, Palmyra South

ized under the direction of Elder Pageant, Montreal Expo, Hawaii, SouthPAUL M. WEENIG

Harold B. Lee of the Council of ern California, Utah, Portland Rose

the Northwest. and

P.O. Village Station, Box 24216, the Twelve and Elder William J. Parade

Los California Angeles, 90024 for write Call or further information.

April 1967 91 Critchlow, Jr., Assistant to the Council of the Twelve and Presiis for stake the First dent S. DilworthTwelve. Young of The new

of the Seventy.single students: Council students two Buffs married The

are in the old stake. stakes organized today bring the and Fair Oaks Stake was formed by total number of stakes of the

a division of American River ( CaliChurch to 428. Rebuffs

fornia) Stake, with Harvey S. Greer

as president and Clain W. Smith The appointment of Victor B.

and Robert L. Johnson as counCline to the general board of

selors. This stake was organized the Deseret Sunday School Union

by Elder Delbert L. Stapley of the was announced.

December cover: Joseph Smith?

Try Asavailablean artistlikenessesI haveofanalyzedthe Prophet.all theI

our haveoffice a andcopyhaveof thespentdeathso maskmuchintimemy

that every The mask proves my sleep.

in Sunday likenesswith it that I think I could draw it in sculpture that has of is false! the Prophet been made

his Special Artists ever facial miss bone structure every time.

People tend to discount death masks.

Unlike many other famous figures

All day long on Sunday, Long Distance rates are at whose masks were made, Joseph died their lowest. No need to wait till evening. in the prime of life—a healthy man.

distorted Too are masks many other sickness. lacks You can dial a stationto-station call anywhere in the by are What a mask

country (except Alaska and Hawaii), and thefirst three the fine points of flesh structure, tone, minutes will never cost more than a dollar. andeye details."life,"as well as eyebrow and

Why not take advantage of our Sunday Special rates, Joseph's nose was not quite as bent is represented. can You and make this

point the the mask a very special Sunday for someone assee—and generallyfeel—on else? somewhere at the cartilage which ends the and

weight of the plaster bends Joseph's

Mountain States Telephone nose a little bit. In life, and when

erect, Joseph's jaw came out about two centimeters more. Joseph Smith

had a moon (concave) face. From the

many side views, he had a long head that was wide at the middle but narOn this, the MOST IMPORTANT DAY of YOUR LIFE, rowedYourdowncoverconsiderably.painting—which I have Let US help you PLAN the PERFECT... studied and puzzled over before—is an

WEDDING BREAKFAST shapeinterestingof the primitive.face and headThearegeneralright.

So are the forehead and hairline. The

mouth is the most striking evidence:

THREE LOVELY BANQUET ROOMS it is a Smith mouth. The nose is

We can accommodate Joseph'swrong, however.nose was notThebentbridgelike that.of

PARTIES of 15 to 100 But the painting's nose, like Joseph's,

PHONE 3552961 is large, and the nostrils are the same.

for RESERVATIONS theBecausenose canit iseasilya primitive,be overlooked.defectsMostlike

convincingly, when I hold the death mask beside the painting at the same angle, the resemblance is striking. The

most attractive feature is the eyes.

are They as Joseph's reported were striking—justto have been.

Temple Square WilliamSalt LakeWhitakerCity the Concerning colored ribbon around MOTOR HOTEL the subject's neck on the December

Where you Enjoy cover, which some have assumed to 'LUXURY at LOW'COST'be a Masonic ribbon, I received the

OVERLOOKING CLARENCE L. WEST, Manage quartersfollowing inreplySpringfield,from MasonicIllinois.headHISTORIC MORMON "The Grand Lodge of Illinois lifted TEMPLE SQUARE FREE DRIVEINPARKING the Charter of the Rising Sun Lodge

75 West South Temple—Salt Lake City

92 Improvement Era in October of 1843. The multicolored the flu, I read the February Era and

ribbon worn around his neck has no In "The Greatest Work in the World,"found only one mistake—the poem

Masonic significance."January Era, in the lefthand column "Eve and I"by Mabel Jones Gabbott

I don't know whether the Prophet at the top of page 26, the closing should have been emblazoned on the belonged to any other fraternal orquotes should have been two parafront cover. With Eve and Mabel

ganization, but he did belong to the graphs down, after the words "news Jones Gabbott, I will eat the apple

Nauvoo Legion, which may have had media."every time.

its special colors for certain eschelons. Elder Ezra Taft Benson Lucy G. Bloomfield

Also, concerning the pin on the subCouncil of the Twelve Farmington, New Mexico ject's bosom, look at the octagonal pin

Mary Fielding Smith is wearing in the Eve and I I Shall Be Fed picture of her on page 128 in Life of

Joseph F. Smith by President Joseph A bad old bug is the flu, I have been a member of the Church

Fielding Smith. Interesting. There is With a name very short it is true. six months and had found it a little

a family tradition that the Prophet But not short are the aches hard to sustain the General Authorihad a special pin made for himself, And the coughing it takes ties, of whom I knew little. Now,

Sidney Rigdon, and Hyrum Smith. It Before with the flu one is through. after reading the November Era, I

was a picture style of the brethren at the time to wear a pin on the bosom.

Also check the pictures in the books

Mary Fielding Smith; Emma Smith,

Elect Lady; and History of Joseph

Smith, the latter by Lucy Mack Smith.

Don C. Corbett

Dallas, Texas

Seal of the Prophet

Concerning the Prophet Joseph Smith's seal (December Era), I would like to refer you to Documentary History of the Church, Vol. 6, p. 72. In a letter

from James A. Bennett to the Prophet,

it is stated who made the stone seal and how the Prophet could have received it. On page 77 is the Prophet's

answer to Mr. Bennett. No further

mention of the seal is found in the

DHC; therefore, I think it doubtful

that the Prophet Joseph ever received the seal or used it.

Mrs. Judith A. Hubbell

Delta Junction, Alaska BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

Our Servicemen's Needs PURCHASES KNABE—

Through the efforts of the LDS ServTHE OFFICIAL PIANO OF THE METROPOLITAN OPERA icemen's Committee, I have been receiving monthly shipments of Eras and a weekly supply of the ChurchYou'll find six Knabe Grands in the new Franklin S. Harris Fine

News for distribution among our LDS Arts Center. And have you noticed how many other handsome

servicemen at Amarillo Air Force

Base. This distribution procedure was churches and fine public buildings are choosing Knabe?

begun because of the lack of effective support from many home wards and branches, which should be taking the Church and civic leaders who know the worth of a fine piano responsibility to write letters and send specify Knabe. Long a favorite of teachers and professional

publications toChurch single servicesensitive voice, demusicians, response Knabe's renowned andmen.

set it apart as the Official the of Piano have pendable service Whether a young been has man active or not, he has great need for Metropolitan Opera.

this personal home ward contact. We

have seen many socalled "lost sheep"return as a result of sincere encourWrite today for the name of your nearest Knabe dealer and reattentionagement and from a a home ceive handsome catalog depicting and describing the manyquorum. Homesickness loneliness, and

features quality of Knabe. thecoupled with pressures of military

training, create a tremendous need for the ward's active concern.

Weekly or semiweekly letters, first from the bishop and then the counselors and quorum members, can help greatly during "boot camp."After

this, and once a man has reached his permanent duty station, a monthly letter and subscriptions to the Era and

Church News appear to be adequate.

Capt. Farrell M. Smith, USAF

LDS Chaplain Amarillo Air Force Base, Texas

East Rochester, N.Y.

Signature of Quality Pianos A

April 1967 93 SAVE * BY feel that I can say I will sustain them it's a pleasure to read instead of a MAIL in true sincerity. The Era will be a duty. "The Uncertain Promise"

AT great help to me when I will have to really hit home with a lot of us.

live for a while in a country where Mrs. Ahlgrim

no missionaries are allowed. Los Angeles, California American Sue Lucas Cambridge, England More on the New Era

Savings "The Uncertain Promise"Just a note to commend you on your

AND LOAN ASSOCIATION new look. Oh, it's just great not to

(Postage Prepaid Both Ways) "The Uncertain Promise"by G. Morris have to thumb through several pages

Rowley (January and February Era) to find the rest of an article. It does

terrific potential. story is This has to less to there that read YOUR me ON 07.....EARN certainly wonderful be to a one INVESTMENT takes would short only a while fe seemnow—it /O

to reprints for the cover. to have read both home cover made from Era Per Annum Jf teachers brethren. Current issue Rate and inactive that a has The February poem Dividends Compounded Quarterly Bishop Lawrence J. McEldowney is absolutely priceless—"Justice"by

WHY TAKE LESS? Norwalk, California Virginia Kammeyer.

FUNDS RECEIVED BY 10th Lorna M. Schofield

EARN FROM THE 1st Three cheers for the new Era. Now Mountlake Terrace, Washington

SAVINGS INSURED jmOK TO INQUIRIES ALL $15,000 ffiffiSkUUH ANSWERED n&r"* ALL WITHDRAWAL REQUESTS MET ON DEMAND We accept Corporate, Peniion, Richard L. Evans

Union and Trust Funds.

E. D.CAMPBELL

Exec. V.P. Officer & Managing The Spoken Word MAIL TODAY: COUPON

American Savings

& Loan Association 7043 North Oracle Road Tucson, Arizona 85704 Dept. 21

Please open my Savings Account for

or $ money order.Enclosed is check certain the future is,"1 Walt Whitman said. And he said it not name Howas a question, but in an affirmative sense. Often we fear the future,

address as we consider uncertainty. But there are many who have said that

city/state basically and ultimately there are more certainties than uncertainties.

Matthew Arnold, drawing his thought from Emerson, says that "compensation, finally, is the great law of life...."2 And in this sense the future

is certain—as certain as law, as certain as cause and consequence. 50'

"Chance,"said Voltaire, "is a word void of sense; nothing can exist without a cause."3 "Things do not [just] happen in this world,"said Will H.

Hayes; "—they are brought about."4 Or, as Shakespeare said it: "There is

... why and wherefore in all things."5 Many will argue this and will cite

exceptions; and we must admit the accidents and untoward events over

which, seemingly, we could not have had complete control. But even this

would be minimized if we knew enough and if we fully used what we

FOOD STORAGE putknow.intoWepractice.know manyWe arerulescareless;of safetywe thatjust wetakedon'ta chance.alwaysWetakeknowtimetheto

BOOKLET lawsbetterofthanhealthwe keepbetterthem.than Ofwecourse,live them.thereWeis muchknowwethecannotcommandmentsexplain in

terms of present understanding, but we can take comfort in the assurance that there is a plan, there is a purpose, there is a just Judge, there is a

PARTIAL TABLE OF hereafter, there is a heretofore, and an eternal record. And while the

CONTENTS formula may be complex and beyond our ability to see at times, "There all things,"live in law. and and wherefore And, as by is... why we do What Should We Store?

is—faith principal said it, of part "The patience"George Macdonald

Storing to Prevent patience to wait until we can see the more complete picture. Chance will

Spoilage not assure happiness or peace or do the work of the world, nor is it ever

Notes on Specific Foods safe to trust to.

Rotate Your Perishables Emergency Sanitation *"The Spoken Word"from Temple

Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia BroadGroup Rates Available casting1Walt Whitman,System JanuaryStarting 29,from 1967.Paumanok.Copyright2M>tthew1967.

Arnold, Lecture on Emerson. 3Voltaire, A Philosophical

of featured American, 1918, Dec. in New York D. BATCHELOR WALTER Dictionary. 4Will H. Hays, speech during campaign

1. V, 1922. 3Shakespeare, 10, Henry 61 Beacon Avenue George andsc. Weighed Macdonald,

LAYTON, UTAH 84041 Wanting, Ch. 53.

94 Improvement Era The following films also have animals created by cartoons and elements for enjoyable family enternovel lighting effects: The Bible...

tainment: The Poppy Is Also a in the Beginning, with its inspiring Best of Movies

By Howard Pearson Flower, a television drama about story of the first 26 chapters of the the world narcotics problem, which Old Testament; and How to Sucsoon will be showing in theaters; ceed in Business Without Beally

Do You Keep A Lion At Home? a Trying, a comedy about a young

delightful Czech story about the man who follows a guidebook on adventures of two little brothers how to achieve success and rises who skate around Prague and run to the top from his job as window into a world of fantasy and unusual washer within a few weeks. O

are Era. neither this page or the nor by the pictures approved Church reviewed on recommended Motion A Man for All Seasons, chosen

reviewer, least objectionable films. of of are, the current the the however, in the judgment among They

by the Motion Picture Academy of

Arts and Sciences as one of the five best movies of the year, is a thoughtprovoking and at the same time beautiful theater experience.

It has qualities that, borrowing from its own title, make it a movie for all seasons. With lovely and

colorful English countryside, estates, gardens, and palaces furnishing some of the background, the sixteenth century story leaps alive in one beautiful and compelling scene after another.

The story concerns Sir Thomas More, who was a Catholic cardinal in England and a counsel of King

Henry VIII. The King wants to

divorce Queen Catherine of Aragon and ma'rry Anne Boleyn. Because

he cannot obtain the consent of the Pope, Henry breaks with the

Catholic Church and establishes the Church of England, whose authorities approve of the divorce and remarriage. The King feels he -a GAS dryer!

needs the approval of Sir Thomas, but Sir Thomas will not give it. Colors never fade in a gas clothes dryer. A gas dryer

can dependable than sunshine. any dry more YouHe refuses to compromise his conis times is 15 dryer hour day or night. of any And a gas

science or faith. fasterthan sunshine. It keeps up with your washer.

The drama features splendid and moving performances by Paul And you pay so little for these advantages—less than

Scofield, Orson Welles, Robert a penny a load. You save on costly repairs, too, for a

Shaw, Wendy Hiller, and others. gas flame never wears out. And for a limited time only

will first of Fuel the send $15, Supply you Mountain Other new movies that families you'll install savings enjoy, a you and many buy when might enjoy include three Walt gas clothes dryer. Ask your gas appliance dealer

Disney productions—Follow Me, for details.

Boys, a story with a Boy Scout background; Monkeys, Go Home, a Every day is a SUN Day with a GAS dryer!

slapstick comedy about monkeys to a former help outthat pick olives astronaut; Bullwhip Griffin, and a MOUNTAINSUPPLY COMPANYFUEL

spoof on outdoor stories. -NaXzvtM Gai S&wiczIt's the GAS flame that serves you best—costs less, tool

April 1967 95

The father cannot MelchizedekMe use authority alone; he Priesthood

uses love and persuasion with it.

Authority in the Home

The general manager of a large "What would happen if you ran love and persuasion. He cannot

manufacturing concern sat comthe business by meeting each defire a department head if things fortably in his office, facing the partment head alone without the don't go right. He can love and

inquiring reporter. weekly meeting together?"persuade and compromise his

"What do you do to maintain "I might be fast enough and opinions and his directives as his such a smooth operating company strong enough, but I couldn't carry wife also counsels and gives meanas this one, and how do you keep it all the details in my head. Within ingful advice. She learns that she

profitable?"asked the reporter. a short time there would be chaos. too is responsible for decisions.

"Each department has an operatThe business would fail."It is a fact that most executive

ing manager. He doesn't establish "Then is the secret of success heads of big businesses operate by

the company policy—that is done cooperative planning and delegapersuasion. Someone once said to

by the directors—but he does put tion of authority to act?"William Knudsen, who was at the

that policy into effect. He makes "That is a simple way of stating time president of General Motors,

it work. I meet him every week. the fact.""It must be wonderful to have all

My job is to be sure he has a clear The home is a big business; it has the authority in your hands."

picture of the policy. Together we departments. These are not as "It is,"said Mr. Knudsen. "And

agree on objectives to meet the large or as complicated as a the wonder of it is that the more policy and the methods to be used. corporation, but they are large in one has of it, the less he can use it."

He proposes them; I approve them. the individual lives of the family. This is also true in a family. The

They are his. Our weekly meetings The father is the president and father cannot use authority alone;

thereafter are to mark his progress general manager. Until the chilhe uses love and persuasion with

within the limits we have set. I dren are grown enough to be given it. Then his authority pervades all

also meet together each week with departments, these departments things because it is based on the the department heads, so that no are divided between father and following principle established by department is running without conmother. Perhaps there are only the Lord: "No power or influence

CD cern for the other departments. In two departments: the home, headed can or ought to be maintained

E01 that meeting I act as a coach, by the mother, and financing, by virtue of the priesthood, only by co blending the requirements of each headed by the father. persuasion, by longsuffering, by

into a united effort. Once we agree It is important that there be a gentleness and meekness, and

a on our course and goals, the deweekly meeting of department by love unfeigned;

COI full kindness, at cross authority "By pure knowland so they heads heads partment have do not work -Q>% shall of greatly in edge, enlarge his sphere unlike purposes. a business, which each to go ahead, And

O o action. The weekly meeting keeps the father as the general manager the soul without hypocrisy, and

a. us in harmony. of the family handles things by without guile."(D&C 121: 4142. )0

April 1967 97 Presiding Bishopric's Page

Strengthen the Bridge Between Adult Leaders and Youth

Those who are called to lead help by asking questions that of adult leaders that reflects conyouth should be aware of a few should be designed to point up fidence in and respect for youth is general leadership principles that, areas that need further planning or a strong, positive force that can be when employed, bring success in that should be reviewed more used to guide the teenagers along planning and carrying out activities closely. He should be careful that wholesome paths. Avoid an attiof the Aaronic PriesthoodYouth in his desire to ensure success, he tude of doubt, suspicion, and exactivity committee. Successful acdoes not deprive youth of opporpectancy of poor performance.

tivities start out when all the tunity to grow through their own Motivate the youth to participate participants are involved in the experience! The adult leader has in group spirit, to be creative, and

early phases of planning. The ultimate responsibility for approvto follow through with their proyouth should be responsible for the ing the planned activities. While posals. Expect the best. Don't be

selection, planning, and, as much as granting latitude to youth, it is imsatisfied with less than adequate possible, implementation of the perative that adult leaders do not performance in the process of sespecific activities. The role of the abdicate their supervisory role. lecting, planning, and carrying out

adult leader should be that of an 1. Encourage Enthusiasm: Explanned activities.

adviser, offering guidance. pectancy can do much to influence 2. Set Limitations: It is extremely

The adult leader can often behavior. An attitude on the part important to make clear the boun98 Improvement Era

Are you tired of being tired?

daries and limitations as well as about, and in the hearing of, teenthe freedom youth can plan on. agers without really attempting to

Do not expect them to make an understand. There is often a strong

impossible choice. If it is known attempt to make them conform to Try Lyman's

to you that certain activities are "our way."It is very important to

prohibitive, make this known to accept them as they are and where them. However, within the perthey are, with whatever levels of Daily Supply

missible limits the adult leaders social skill or grace they possess, should offer minimal interference and, by interacting with them, set Vitamins and with the youth group process and an example that can lead to more democratic actions. fun, greater companionship, and, Mineral Tablets

3. Listen and Learn: Listening most important, growth. less than 20 a tablet

is work. Much can be learned 6. If There Is Anything Praiseabout youth and their world if we worthy... In some cases we as

watch and listen. Planning and adults should take heed of the new

participating in activities provides and creative innovations of young an excellent climate in which to people. We should not hesitate to

gain this understanding. If the stand firm and hold to our own

adult leader has been a part of the values, but we should also acknowlcomplete process leading up to a edge a good idea or unusual social specific activity, he will be in a contribution.

good position to more fully inter- 7. They Behave the Way They

pret the significance of the young Feel—Make Them Feel Good: In

people's world and behavior. any discussion or problemsolving inf Do"l jJlC

0IA 4. Always Set the Example: situation the first thing most peo- \,

Adults should be themselves and ple attempt is to define the probNATUBAL not attempt to impersonate teenlem. Next, they jump to find a

agers. Some adults are very casual solution. Rarely will they check

and informal; they mix well in with other individuals or the group N ERA S

sports and social settings. This is to see how they feel about the

good. If, however, an adult leader problem. The feelings and emofeels comfortable in a more formal tions of youth are a vital part of

atmosphere, he should behave in a their behavior and should be manner congruent with his own sought out and explored in order ideas but he should never force the to understand them. Adult leaders

youth to comply with his adult way. should understand each person's

5. Help Him Across the Chasm: feelings if they are to better underis of stand a influence process behavior andRemember—youth of the High Potency leavadult, youth with work. an transition, becoming whom they

ing the security of teenage peer 8. Questions and Answers Open

loyalties behind, and reaching tothe Door: If you ask a teenager a All Natural

ward the adult world. Some youth question, accept the answer you Clip and Mail or Write

will, however, feel more loyalty to are given. If you are fortunate

their peer group and will view anyenough to be asked a question, Don Lyman, 2431 Highland Drive, one over 30 years of age as an outhonor it with thought and conSalt Lake City, Utah sider to their group. It is very sideration. But not too many words, Pleasepostagesendfree. Daily Supply Tablets,

please. to bridge important help teenagers

reunderstanding and Your attention to him will help,intltytltw (I 500100 tabletstablets $8.95$1.95 this gap by

specting the things of their world. develop his selfesteem and also

Often we deride those things we strengthen the bridge that spans Name.

I do not know or understand. We the gap between you, the adult, 1 Address.

often make derogatory comments and him, the teenager. O

| City.

! State.... Zip.

April 1967 99 These Times

"he Law of Families By Dr. G. Homer Durham

President, Arizona State University

plight of modern, Richard L. Evans A

The Spoken Word orderly society is that so many Always Something to Decide families still live in of us has to render a decision,"said David Starr Jordan, "to near anarchy at home.

Eachsay yes or no a. hundred times when our grandfathers were called

upon a single time."1 There are more choices, more variety of One of the larger tasks awaiting

offerings than once there were. There is always something to decide: fulfillment is the refinement, in

what to be, what to do—as to"temptation; as to every use of time. Always each home, of what may be called

we come back to the question of choice, of preference, of standards. "family law."The intelligence with

And always we come back to an awareness that one of the greatest lessons which this task is approached may that youth could learn is the lesson of personal responsibility. "A man determine future social developis already of consequence in the world when it is known that he can be ment.

relied on,"said Samuel Smiles; "that when he says he knows a thing, he Each family, in its internal ardoes know it—that when he says he will do a thing, he can do, and rangements, has its own rules. Let

does it.... Not a day passes without its discipline, whether for good or us refer to these rules as the law

for evil. There is no act, however trivial, but has its train of conseof the family. In some measure the

quence...."2 "The difficulty in life is the choice,"as George Moore laws of the family correspond to

said it. 3 Of course we cannot tell anyone, young or old, what variety of the laws of the nation, state, comchoices he is going to face each day from the great variety that Dr. Jordan munity, or city. In other ways they

refers to, but the most important decisions are still decisions of principle: resemble the rules and regulations

what is good and what isn't good, what is right and what isn't right, of industrial corporations, churches, whether to take or not to take what isn't his; whether to account or not and other bodies.

to account for all that is entrusted to him; whether to use or not to use The law of a given family may

what is or isn't good; whether to work honestly; whether to live faithfully have been predetermined by the

to family, to marital vows. One cannot avoid decision. One must decide religious, social, economic, or polisomething. And the vital thing is facing the facts, and not considering tical affiliations of its members.

impossible anything that ought to be done, and not considering as right But the law of the family differs anything that shouldn't be done. An unknown author left us this one short from the law of these larger institusummarizing sentence: "If a thing is right it can be done; if wrong, it can tions. The law of the family, unlike

be done without."In other words, don't flirt and dabble on the edge of the principles of the Church, the

wrongdoing. "If a thing is right it can be done; if wrong, it can be done regulations of a business, or the

without."This is a good place to begin in considering all decisions. statutes and ordinances of a civil

society, is usually unwritten.

*"The Spoken Word"from Temple Furthermore, although the rules

Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System January 22, 1967. Copyright 1967. governing internal family life re-

!Dr. David tury: An StarrAddressJordan,to YoungThe CallMen of(Boston:the TwentiethAmericanCenflect broad principles, they are

Smiles, Character: Association). Unitarian 2Samuel Bedford, generally more specific and de- 1 (Chicago: Influence of Character, Ch.

Clark Co., Moore, "George 1872). Bending tailed. Their applications affect

IV. Act. the Bough, of

100 Improvement Era specific individuals in specific ways home. Some homes have no music, Ionian scale and its dore-mi. So it

at specific times. The law of the whether of human voice or of inis with the artistic climate of homes

use of toothbrushes, for example, strument. Others have both voices—their prowess and capacity as edualthough unwritten in most homes, and instruments and produce sound cational institutions, as hostels, as

is more detailed than the laws afranging from quaint to raucous. restaurants, as economic and refecting personal property as known Some homes approach music from ligious communities. So, too, is it

in a national system of jurispru- a foundation of appreciation that with the law of families, ranging dence. includes the Chopin etudes, the from anarchic, through primitive,

The point of our concern should Beethoven sonatas and symphonies, to cultivated, wellunderstood and be whether or not, in the present and other classics. Others never esestablished principles of moral

world, the law of families is useful, cape the cultural captivity of the sensibility.—

uplifting, and effective. It is obvious with families, as it is with

nations, that the nature and character of the law will vary from family to family. Whereas anarchy

exists, or rarely in does,no longer of statesthe nations, world and Thinking of UTAH?

many families live in the virtual Then Think of absence of family law. They live,

internally, in homes characterized by the absence of family law. They HERCULES INCORPORATED

live in anarchy at home, surrounded by the legislation of the city, the One of the world's largest chemical manufacturing nation, the club, the church, the companies with plants throughout the U.S., and

industrial organization, the school. overseas offers longrange career opportunities in

Were it not for the law of these the Chemical Propulsion division at nonfamily organizations, such famSALT LAKE CITY, UTAH ilies would soon lack identity.

A thesis can be postulated in Engineersthese times that, as the family has failed as a legislative instrument BS, MS or PhD in Chemical or Mechanical Engineerfor its own sake, so the other instiing for work in the following areas:

tutions of society have had to

Design (Component) Gas Dynamics Analysismultiply their enactments. Since it

would be unreasonable to expect Stress Analysis Specification (Materials)

Heat Flow Analysis Evaluation (Reliability)several million families in one nation to legislate uniformly, there are naturally other impelling reaStatisticians - Mathematicians sons why governments, businesses, MS and PhD openings in Computations and Quality and other institutions have had to Assurance Departments.

extend and refine their lawmaking functions. But the corollary of the

thesis would still contend that there Programmers - Scientific and is much that the home and the Business family have neglected.

A second thesis may be derived: To program IBM 360's at one of the nation's largest computer complexes. Degree and one year's experino matter what quality of family

ence programming required.

law exists in a given home, its quality is capable of improvement.

Send resume to This should be our major concern.

We may, for example's sake, conPERSONNEL SUPERVISOR, HERCULES INCORPORATED trast law with other home matters. P. 0. Box 98 Magna, Utah

The quality of music, for instance, varies widely from home to U. S. Citizenship Required

Equal Opportunity Employer

April 1967 101 How can the law of a home be improved? The matter is both

simple and difficult. It is usually

simple to formulate rules, to extend and enlarge them. It is more difficult to insure their efficacy, reasonableness, and acceptance. Rather

than postulate the well known roles of father, mother, children, relaVQsfci3J tives, and nonfamily members in a given home, our prospect may be enhanced by comparing the growth and development of law in civil society. Law in civil society, after

all, has acquired its most cultivated and refined form, supporting a a*i Clpiit 7 /)() 7 - ptasn /m><i u*tl 6e\>en p. str. large and influential body of professional practitioners, the lawyers.

Perhaps the law of families can /&00 (bfnpi/i-e tJt<ia.</ - iJ*i<{u46ii4Z (&*i&&x benefit by a comparative view.

Woodrow Wilson in The State (1889) said that for law to exist, &<z/t JLae Lu/uy tl/< two conditions must exist. First,

there must be an "organic community capable of having a will of its own."Presumably most families

can qualify as "organic communities,"even if the expression of its "will"is limited to the law of toothbrush use, family prayers, or the hanging up of clothes. Second, the

community (family) must have "some clearly recognized body of rules to which that community has, whether by custom or enactment, given life, character, and effectiveness."Wilson believed that the

nature and character of each nation was reflected in its law. It is quite

possible that the nature and character of each family is also reflected in its law, whether of the toothbrush or of other phases of home culture.

The chief sources of law in civil society have been religion and custom. Custom develops from the

habits and ways of people. The law

of many homes may therefore be somewhat rude, as their habits are rude. If custom has not been

touched by the refining influences found in religion, the home, as with civil society, may be a "backward"community. After custom and

102 Improvement Era BE SAFE! religion, adjudication, decisionBE PREPARED! BE SURE!

making, becomes the chief molder BE THRIFTY!

of the law. If adjudication in the Store your wheat, flour, beans,

home follows enlightened principles sugar, coal, clothing, and of truth, common consent, equity, other items in locktight new and justice, and the "cake of cusor renovated steel drums, comtom"has been so enlivened, the law plete with liners,andgaskets,covers.

of the home outruns anarchic rudeness. If adjudication is unenlightAMERICAN BARREL

ened, dictatorial, and arrogant, the COMPANY, INC.

law of the home may suffer 49 South 5th West retrogression. Salt Lake City, Utah

The great upward event in the development of civil legal systems Writeand otheror call detailsfor pricesor has always come when the prinvisit our plant.

ciples and habits found in custom, religion, and adjudication have Phone: 3223529

been subjected to enlightened disSPECIAL CONSIDERATION cussion. This has opened the way TO GROUPS.

for the greatest invention in the world of civil law, namely, legislation, or the conscious effort to improve a given set of rules by general, formal, and prospective Your Ski/l instatement.

Coupled with the invention of First Aid legislation, whether by a tribal May Spef/ the or representative king,headman, assembly, is the idea that a given $m Difference piece of legislation should be subject to change or amendment in the Be prepared! Earn a Red

light of additional knowledge or Cross Certificate...

conditions. The idea of legislation yours by completing a

and the idea of continuous revelacourse in first aid and safety instruction.

tion in religion have, therefore, Health and Safety Ed. 121x

something in common. Along with Act today!

legislation, and following it, came the knowledge that someone has to HOME STUDY, e-4-67 have specific responsibility for the Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah wise and just administration of Please send your Home Study Catalog to:

the law. So also with legislation in NAME....

the home. ADDRESS

Can the family apply these prinCITY STATE ciples? I believe any family can, ZIP CODE

and therefore profit by conscious effort to upbuild the quality of law in the home. The possibility that

"the law"in our own very special home may have been left to exterThe Improvement Era nal forces, or to chance, invites serious thought. "And now a comuses your

mandment I give unto you—if you

will delivered be you shall set in Zip Codeorder your own house...."(D&C

93:43.) O and hopes you use

April 1967 yours, too! 103

End of an Era

One harried bishop we know Man was designed for a Count that day won when, turning has thought of hooking his social being; he was made on its axis, this earth imposes no

telephone to a recording that to cultivate, beautify, additional taxes.—Franklin Pierce Adams

greets latenight callers with possess, enjoy and govern these words: "This is the the earth; and to fill it

bishop's residence. Have you with myriads of happy, free "We will not play on Sunday.

called your home teachers? 7'1'and social intelligences. We believe in athletics, but

the—Submitted by Dennis H. Rose, -Parley P. Pratt they do not supersede

San Jose, California—PresidentTen Commandments."Ernest L: Wilkinson

At a Relief Society work meeting "Say, Captain, I'm seasick. of Brigham Young University,

in our Brigham Young University How far are we from land?"explaining why BYU's

ward, the lesson one day was "About three miles.""Which basketball team would not

on ironing clothes, after which way?""Straight down."play a postponed game in

the closing song was announced Chicago January 29.

—Submittedas "Let Us All byPressCatherineOn."N.

Russell, Fremont, California Blossom of the almond trees, A great many people think they

April's gift to April's bees. are thinking when they are

Overweight is often just—-Edwin Arnold, "Almond merely rearranging their

desserts. Blossoms"prejudices.—William James

"End of an Era"will pay $3 for humorous anecdotes and experiences relating to Latterday Saint way of life. Maximum length 150 words.

The hardest tumble a man canbluff.—Ambrosemake is to fallBierceover his own Life Among the Mormons

With the calm patience of the woods I wait For leaf and blossom when God Stake Visitors gives us Spring!

Virginia Maughan Kammeyer—John Greenleaf Whittier, "A Day"

Upon the stand they're seated It is a wonderful thing to be

In impressive little groups anchored in the truth. When one

Distinguished stake board visitors, is anchored to a testimony Here to review the troops.

that God has spoken in this They listen to reportings dispensation, that he has revealed

With polite, attentive ear, his truth, there is little danger

And look as though they'd wandered of one's becoming moved from

From a more exalted sphere.

one's place by any false theory, or any half truth, or any false

Next Month: Ward Picnic

accusation, that may be brought into his life.

—President David O. McKay

104 Improvement Era BRICKChapels built of Interstate show economy in low original cost and low maintenance cost.

Brick itself is maintenance free, permanent and fire safe. As a result, the

longer the chapel stands, the greater the savings in maintenance and insurance. New Colors, new Textures in brick by INTERSTATE offer a beauty

that cannot be attained by any other building material.

I COMPANY

3100 SOUTH 1100 EAST SALT LAKE CITY

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

last!At tax breakA for the selfemployed!

A Beneficial Life Retirement Plan can qualify you for a tax deduction of up to 100% of your contributions.

Under the terms of the new Keogh

Bill, selfemployed persons will be eligible to deduct contributions toward a qualified retirement plan.

Beneficial Life has such a plan to suit your specific needs... talk it

over with your Beneficial agent.

Take advantage of this important tax break for the selfemployed—now!

BENEFICIAL LIFE (Jn'nkiiajw!

Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah