eimprovement

U. S. POSTAGE

2c PAID Salt Lake City, Utah Permit No. 325

NEWHere AreLOWThe

RATE

which will make it possible for every family to enjoy the advantages of this clean, modern fuel for all needs of the household for heating, cooking, refrigeration, hot water supply, laundering and incineration.

Freely and voluntarily your Natural Gas Company has again reduced Domestic,

Commercial and Industrial rates. Two years ago, With the introduction of

Natural Gas in the Salt Lake Valley the cost of gas service was reduced by more than half. That gave you the most economical cooking, water heating

and refrigeration service available. Now with the new low rates, these same

Natural Gas services, together with Natural Gas house heating, will bring an actual dollars and cents SAVING in your monthly and annual cost of home maintenance. The same service, using varied fuels would be much more

costly. Following are the new low (Domestic and Commercial Natural Gas

rates for Salt Lake City, Ogden, Bountiful, Centerville, Farmington, Layton,

Kaysville, Clearfield, Murray, Sandy, Midvale, Garfield, Magna, Morgan and Tooele.

First 400 cubic feet.90

Next 600 cubic feet..15 per 100 cubic feet

Next 1,000 cubic feet-.112 pert ioo cubic feet

Next 1,000 cubic feet - 075 per 100 cubic feet

Next 2,000 cubic feet -.00 per 100 cubic feet

Next 15,000 cubic feet. 0425 per IOO cubic feet

Next 30,000 cubic feet 035 per 100 cubic feet

All Over 50,000 cubic feet -.03 per 100 cubic feet

Minimum Bill......90

Rent a fully automatic Natural Gas Home Heating Unit. $5 installs

the unit in your present furnace. Then for a rental of only $2.10 per month

full advantages you enjoy the may

T ith rental plan together w the NEW ofLCWclean,NaturalautomaticGas ratesheat. mayThismeanattractivea lifetime

of comfort and saving to you if you investigate. We welcome the opportunity to submit an

estimate of what savings the new low rates will bring to your home. No obligation on your part.

UTAH GAS &COKC CO.-OGDEN GAS CO.

WASATCH GAS CO.

serving twentyone Utah towns with prompt and courteous public service

*m m >m P jAfcudfe. m -*-—-- -*- -

a 3 ffheimprovement

Melvin J. Ballard Clarissa A. Beesley FORECAST Business Manager Associate Business Manager

(HRISTMAS is the greatest O. B..Peterson, Ass't. Business Manager

season of the whole year—George Q. Morris

time when people of all nations Rachel Grant Taylor and ages join in gladness and fesChairmen Era and Publicitytivity. The Era will enter into

the spirit of the occasion with story, poem and picture; "Moved Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Mutual Improvement

Bryce Associations and the Department of Education—Left No Address,"by

W. Anderson, will delight Era Copyright, 1930, by the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association

readers with the simplicity of its Corporation of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints human appeal; "The Christmas

Tree"likewise will touch a corthem all hearts, make andner of CONTENTS full of are storiesglad. These the Editorials:

of the Yuletide,crisp interest J. Cannon. and Hugh S. Bryant Hinckley 2

in their lines. tender messagescarry His Last Editorial J. 3 Hugh Cannon

Greatness in Men President Anthony W. Ivins, Bryant S. Hinckley 5

Dr. F. Joseph Merrill Dr. Richard R. 9 article Lyman an LIFE,"OFpDDIES General The Conference in Review Giles John 11 D A. President former by Wm. Adolf and His Ideas Man Wendell C. Irvine 13 Hitler—The a bears Stake, Pocatello ofHyde, Habit Acquiring Worth A G. Ott 15 Romney if our loving thought,Christmas Facing Dr. S. Bennion 16 Adam Life—X is Christourselves asneighbors

in Scouts Boy Camp Weston N. Nordgren 19 it is, it for was surelymasy. And

or MachineMade Man J. Weaver paul 22 at celebrate birthday we whoseHe

Supporting Cast Story) (A Alberta Huish Christensen 24 one love us badeChristmas who (Serial Story) Ivy Williams Stone 26another. In this day of grim un- A Daughter of Martha

(Brief Through Summaries Articles) of Magazine is of article unGlancing thisemployment,

Elsie 3 Talmage 2 Brandley is, it interest, told, as withusual the Laying for Good Manners R. Naylor 34 Adah a convincing inquiet beauty and

. the Beauty in Lutie 3 Fryer 6 H. FoundationHome—Proportionmanner. Poetry 39

Spinsterhood Bee Forsyth TXTITH increasing interest are Autumn Bertha Woodland readers of the Era watching Two Questions N Alberta H. Christensen

for the articles in the series "GreatGlad Days of Fall Linnie Fisher Robinson ness in Men,"appearing regularly November Gladys Hendricksen under the signature of Bryant S. I Have Seen God Christie Lund

Hinckley. The third one, prePhasesIndian Summer HelenLindaKimballS. FletcherOrgill

senting President Charles W. NibCandles Grace Ingles Frost

ley, will contain much of the Church Music Committee 40 humor and the philosophy which Priesthood Quorums 4 has made President Nibley the beMutual Messages 4 loved leader he is today. Executive Department 43

Community Activity Department 45

Adult Department 1- 46 "pOR those who wish to put into JuniorGleaner Girls'Girls'DepartmentDepartment. 4748

the Christmas program of their Beehive Girls'Department: 49

wards a new touch, the Era is happy to publish a pageant of the Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter.

season "Joy to the World."SimAcceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1 103,

ple it is. in setting and costuming; Act of October, 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

complete in directions for staging Manuscripts submitted without the statement, "At usual rates,"are conand production, and lovely in sidered free contributions. Photographs, unless their return is especially

characterization and dialogue requested, will be destroyed.

which will make it of valued and Published monthly at Salt Lake City by the M. I. A. General Boards;

treasured memory in wards where $2 per annum. Address: Room 406 Church Office Building.

it is used.

IE ID 1 II L A r Harrison R. Merrill Elsie Talmage Brandley TAR

Heber J. Grant, Editor

J. Hugh Cannon

A T the zenith of his splendid life the managing passing through experiences which wring the heart /w editor of this magazine passed away at an strings, his sublime faith and his calm outlook upon early hour on the morning of October 6th eternity has a sustaining quality that is both solacing as the result of a serious operation for a malady and comforting to us now.

from which he had suffered at intervals for several He was born sixtyone years ago January 19th of years. Thus was ended a brilliant career crowned this year in Salt Lake City, Utah, the son of George

with enduring achievements. Q. and Sarah Jenne Cannon. He received his early

The shock is so fresh in our minds that we can education in a private school on the old Cannon hardly reconcile ourselves to his going; but the courfarm near the Jordan River. From there he went

ageous and hopeful view which he always took in to the University of Utah.

The Improvement Era for November?, 1931

At the age of twenty he was called on his first Sarah Richards Cannon, his sorrowing widow upon mission to Germany and had labored there a year whom this blow falls hardest, which will shine and a half when his brother David, also a missionary, forever in our memory. He spoke of the encouragecontracted a cold and, through exposure, died from ment she had brought to him, the support she had

it and Hugh J. brought his remains home. given him, of the strength and sweetness and nobility

On his return he engaged for a short time in the of her character. She is indeed a highminded,

mining business in Nevada. He subsequently became generous, devoted wife and mother who will bear

interested in the publishing business in Salt Lake the heavy burden which has come to,hcr with the

City in connection with the interests of his father same quiet resignation and courage which her deand for some time was manager of the George Q. parted husband has always displayed.

Cannon &> Sons Company, one of the pioneer pubPeace to his memory. His works will live after

lishing houses of Utah. him. His children, his family, his friends can always

He served as a member of the Deseret Sunday repair with pride to the record of his unselfish and

School Union Board from December 29, 1896, until noble life.

April 3, 1923. In a most intimate friendship covering a period

In 1901 he again went on a mission to Germany of thirty years the writer never heard him say an and was presiding over that mission at the time ungenerous word or,speak a syllable that would not he was made President of the Liberty stake February endure the scrutiny of time.

26, 1904. This mission covered a period of three He was a noble man of generous and lofty imand onehalf years. pulses, with a chivalrous heart, a romantic imaginaIn 1920, while he was presiding over the Liberty tion, a fixed and settled faith in God and in the

stake, he was called by the First Presidency to acimmortality of the soul, the personification of that company [Elder David O. McKay on a tour of the cherished and fundamental virtue, loyalty. True to

world, visiting all the missions of the Church except his friends, loyal to his leaders, devoted to his God, those in the United States. This historic journey peace loving and gentle but without fear, kind but

required more than a year's time. superbly courageous, he has left a sweet and shining

In 1925 he was again called to preside over the memory. He made the world better, made men and

Swiss and German mission and was holding that women feel a little more secure, a little stronger, at the timeposition of his appointment as managing a little nobler. as he comHe died lived—without this (Soon thereafter magazine.editor of he was plaint S. unafraid. and Hinckley, President Bryant

made a member of the General Board of Young of Liberty Stake.

Men's Mutual Improvement Associations and was serving in that position at the time of his death.

three to missions has been on Thus 'he Germany a period of seven yearscovering onehalf and and His Last Editorial one year touring the world, making eight and oneIN preparation for the November issue of the years in abroad, years missionaryhalf twenty work Era, J. -* Improvement written Cannon had Hugh

stakeas President the Liberty of of Zion, twentyeditorials. several incomplete, were but Some one

seven years a member of Deseret Sunday School was finished and in print at the time of his Heath.

as three years Board, and onehalf managingUnion feel that readers of the Era should have the benefit We the the ofeditor of Era and a member last this General of message:

Board of Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations. Do Something

From his boyhood to the time of his death, whether at home or abroad, he has been active in A S one means of relieving the tense unemployment the service of the Church and has brought to it an -*1 situation, President Hoover suggests that stuallegiance and a devotion which has been both an dents who have contemplated giving up school, beencouragement and an inspiration to those who have cause of graduation or for any other reason, continue known him. In all his administrations he has distheir educational work for the time being. By doing

played a leadership marked by wisdom, tolerance so they will not add to the number for whom jobs and a sympathetic understanding of the people and should be provided.

of their problems, a leadership which has secured Utah and neighboring states offer excellent oppor- a cheerful and spontaneous following, one that has tunities for education through extension and correinspired faith and fine endeavor. spondence courses, as well as through resident work.

In his passing the Church has lost a stalwart It is not easy for a man without income, especially defender, a talented and effective exponent. To those if others are dependent upon him, to settle down to

who know him best and who enjoyed his genial a regular course of study; but to those who can thus

friendship the world will seem lonesome. utilize a period of enforced idleness, thereby making

The writer has stood by his side when the portals themselves more efficient, this distressing time would of the tomb closed over the mortal remains of those prove a real blessing.

he loved; his head bowed, his heart crushed but not Thousands of Latterday Saints live within easy

a murmur fell from his lips—a test of the sublime reach of the temples. Inside the sacred walls of these

and sustaining faith which he inherited from his buildings, doing for others that which they cannot do illustrious sire and which he cultivated with diligent for themselves, unemployed people will find it much care. easier to subdue the feelings of bitterness or despair

In a most delightful and intimate conversation which are a natural result of their condition; and by

held a week ago, in fact the last time the writer saw doing this vicarious work for others, they will have him alive, he paid a tribute of love and esteem to earned assistance for themselves.- H. J. C.

'.i-'.:-----":,, "-"::"..<-

}r resident Jieber /. Cjrant

who attains the seventyft

anniversary of his birth on (j\ovember 22, iQi-

<lte became Irreswent of the C/kurcn of fesus Unrist of batteroaif Saints UXovember 23, igio.

Greatness in Men

resident Anthony W. Ivins

"No sounder piece of * * * manhood By was put together in this—Thomascentury ofCarlyle.*time."BRYANT S. HJNCKLEY

President of Liberty StakeANTHONY W. IVINS is

one of the last of that noble roundings never made them harsh all or cruel. few them Among ofcompany men the into fit so admirably in indeed will go downwho incident to piosituations varied

as great thehistory pioneers of the neering as does Anthony W. Ivins.

"Mormon"people. I-JE is a man of peace and of quiet line is growingThe

of his ways, nevertheless manythin and gray—but as are experiencesfew remain. He was

young when most of thrilling and romantic those men were in as any found in the their prime, but he tales of the novelist was old enough to and some of them are understand and share pathetic and tragic.

the dangers and viHe loves all nature, cissitudes through bleak places and harwhich they passed, dy companions. He

and he knows better is happy with the than any other living frontiersman and the man their story and frontiersman is haphas described some of py with him. Whentheir experiences with ever he goes he has

the beauty and grace shown a marvelous of an artist. Referpower of adaptation.

ring to the pioneer In Old Mexico he trails he says: was equally at home

with the humble "The romance and peon and the proud tragedy of those old statuesqueHe appearson a President of the Retrails, now so well fine horse. public. He appears to

known to us, will advantage among tinever be written or tled nobility and told. It cannot be among men of liberal

because the men and learning. He unites

women who made the finest sensibilities unrecorded history with the greatest along those devious physical courage and ways have long since gone to tread Those men of the plains and the strongest will. He combines

the paths of another and a better the mountains were indeed a picthe instincts and accomplishments world leaving little of written histuresque company; men of fine exof good breeding with the broadtory behind them."f traction and heroic mold, lovers of est sympathies and affiliations. In

*Essay Sir Walter Scott. nature and of nature's God, rugged him are found the qualities of the

fSeptember Era. but never crude. Their hard surman of action and those of the

The Improvement Era for November, 1931

thinker and the writer. He is inalert, his flawless judgment ma- '"PHE simple story of his life from

deed a manysided, versatile man tured, he stands on the threshold his birth place on Toms with remarkably wide and varied of his eightieth year a shining exRiver, New Jersey, to his home interests. His interests are as keen ample of a manysided, selfmade, on the hill in Salt Lake City would

in economics as in natural history, successful man, one of the most be an interesting one. He came

in baseball as in to Utah as a child, statecraft, in poremained in Salt etry as in finance. Lake City until

He knows cattle his ninth year, and loves horses. moved with his

He has a fascinaparents to St.

tion for mining George where for and a patriotic revthirty-four years erence for the flag he made his home.

and the ConstituThey were among tion for which it its original settlers.

stands. He is inAs a young man

deed a true Amerihe did missionary can. If destiny had work among the

led him into the Indians and in Old conflict of war he Mexico, where he would no doubt moved in 1895 have played that and for twelve game with a galyears was Presilantry and skill dent of the Juarez which would have stake of Zion. In

made him forever 1907 he was orrenowned. There is something President and Mrs. Ivins dained an apostle and moved to

chivalrous and statuesque in his Salt Lake City and has since revery appearance on a fine horse. highly esteemed and universally sided there.

His loyalty to his neighbors and beloved citizens of the commonSt. George, the home of his

to his friends, his fine sense of wealth. youth and earlier manhood, is a

justice, his downright honesty, his From the summit of his years he small town far removed from the love for the truth, coupled with can look over a most colorful and centers of population and comhis great ability, has secured to uncommon career, a career in no merce but a good place for a young him the evman to erlasting algrow up.

legiance of H i s surthose who roundings know him. were hard

but whole- ()W n16ththeof Thingss o m e.did

September not come last he passeasy, great ed the sevfortunes enty - ninth were not mile stone made by of his life speculative with the methods.To

years resting succeed relightly upquired the on his seadevelop- soned shoulment of ders. His those basic

athletic virtues body has rewhich unsisted wonderlie a 1 1 derfully the assault of time. His In any activity, President Ivins sound living. The people in a

hair is white and his head slightly playedit successfully.a prominent part, and played large measure were forced to rely

bowed when he walks. Time has upon their own resourcefulness and

mellowed his fine features but his way devoid of irksome toil or ingenuity, not only for their comsinewy limbs are still his willing perilous experiences, one in which mon sustenance but for their eduservants. there is much of monotony and cation and recreation. Whether it

With his warm sympathies decommonplace, but in its larger aswas baseball, dramatics, debating, veloped, his tenacious memory unpects a most romantic and inspirhunting, farming, stock raising or impaired, his poetic imagination ing career. any other activity common in that

The Improvement Era for November, 1931

country, President Ivins played a of defeat, to be true to one's ideals, mind that can deal with large it wellprominent for the to stand problems, right, to make abluminous, a mind part—played

one's theand successfully. endowments, to sorbent strong most of and by nature,

live on the highest levels, to meet trained and cultivated with long

A NTHONYlittle W. IVINS had the varied situations of life squareand laborious care. Hiswasschoolinglimited

schooling but it was in the comenough.;His

mon acceppowers were tation o f developed that term and perfectand still he ed. '"Great

is one of the men come best educatfrom the ed men of wilderness his time. I and not

His superior I from colstation I leges."He is

among men an educated is due, in a 1 man.

large measure, to his f-JIS disendow-intellectual and courseswritments. ings will

"There is a form a part sanity, a of the perfineness, a manent litpenetration, a reach about his He is a man of wide and varied erature of the Church. For depth

mind"which at once places him interests. and clearness of thought, for

in the class of the intellectually soundness of doctrine, for beauty superior. One commentator says: and simplicity of diction, for mag-

"He is able, out of any parnanimity and tolerance, for the ticular problem or situation, to get sublime and inspiring faith which a solution which best meets the permeates them, his sermons are minds of the masses."That means scarcely matched in the Church.

not only a comprehension of the In his twentysixth year he marproblems but a deep and symparied Elizabeth Snow, a daughter people.thetic the of understanding late the of statesErastus Snow—a

is essence of theThis combination colonizer and to man second only real leadership. Brigham Young, among the first

It is needless to say that the of the "Mormon"pioneers to entraining symbolized by the three ter this valley and among the last

R's is but a ismall part of educato be forgotten for the service tion. Education in its best inwhich he gave to this people. That

terpretation means something great apostle was his companion higher and finer than comes from and teacher. If Mark Hopkins

any knowledge of conjugations or on one end of a log and James A.

calculus. The ultimate purpose of Garfield on the other made a unieducation, of individual endeavor, versity, Erastus Snow on one side

of all social service, is man's of a camp fire 'and a young man growth in character. The supreme his equal on the other side made

work of the world manifests itself a noble institution. That is where

in character development. Anthony W. Ivins went to colPresident Ivins and his grandsons.QHARACTER is not the prolege.

ly and wisely is the ultimate which has contributed more toperimentation—butduct of logic, of research,faith in orgreatex- '"PHERE is no single influence

ideals and a steadfast and sacrisought in education, and it does Anthony W. Ivins'success than

ficial devotion to those ideals. This not come from schools nor school the companionship and inspiration

is only possible to men of resolute houses altogether. of this modest little woman who

convictions. The heart and the has walked by his side all these

will must cooperate in the creation He has been an industrious and years. She has known his worthof character. careful reader—he has a tenacious and kept up his faith in himself

To keep sweet in the face of dismemory. He has been forced to and his destiny. She is a woman

appointment, no matter how bitdo his own thinking, to arrive at of quiet wisdom and unusual exter, to maintain courage in the face his own conclusions. He has a ecutive capacity, and has managed,

8 The Improvement Era for November, 1931

with ability, his household during and a little more than first cousin, his repeated absences from home. to the President of the Church, and

They met when he was nine no one could be prouder of a counyears old and on his first trip to selor and a cousin than is his file

St. George. They were camped leader. We doubt if any President

at Chicken Creek Lake when this ever had a wiser counselor. The

romantic love affair, which has contrast between these cousins in lasted for seventy years, began. some respects is sharp and proHere is a dainty and graphic acnounced, but their lives complecount of it from his own gifted ment each other with remarkable

pen: completeness.

"As I stood by the wagon tongue conversing with the man, a little girl walked \\/"E come now to some fundaup on the opposite of the tongue and mental questions: What has

a blue under sunbonnetfrom looked at given Anthony W. Ivins such a

at thrilledme, I looked and her. I was

with her beautiful brown eyes and could commanding place among men?

not forget them. * * * I continued to What is the explanation of his

see her until we had grown to man and great influence? Put these pertinent

she becamewomanhood when my wife.

still, girl questions to his most ardent adthe same sweetShe is with me that she was at Chicken Creek. She has mirers or to his most intimate

shared trials dangers, the with and me friends they and hesitate—they

life.privations of pioneer other has, No it is not answer you because cannot

take canor even place."* her

is it characteristic, not any specific

They have eight living children, the result of any single gift.

one deceased, all of whom are of Still seeking an answer to these the same modest, intelligent, selfquestions you ask: Is it the simreliant type as their distinguished plicity of his life? Is it his intelparents. lectual superiority? Is it the

gPEAKING of the master influsoundnesshis judgment?o f

ences of his life—the deep and H i s steadfast J

dominant influence of his life, the loyalty? The 1

influence has which given direction strength andto all his splendid powers and inhis purity of spired him to fine endeavor, is his character? His

reverent and passionate love for the reverence for his

Redeemer of the world, his proGod and for his country? You

found understanding of His life reply without hesitation and with mission.and has developed This in a of these decision, yes—allin his soul a universal harmonious and happy love for most

mankind, a tender compassion for union.

the poor and the unfortunate and It is not any extraordinary and made him a champion of the opeasily discoverable characteristic pressed. that has distinguished him; but

Anthony W. Ivins has always rather the fine poise and balance

stood as a fearless tribune of the of all his faculties. His mental,common people—he understands moral and physical equation is adthem and loves them. This is one mirable. He never explodes, he

of the sources of his great influnever leaps before he looks; still he

ence. He is a practical man, a man is a man of action. There is nothof affairs, a man of the rarest coming rough nor dictatorial about

mon sense and there is running him. He has always led but he

down through the center of his life never stepped in front of any other this deep, silent current of rightman. He is quiet, modest and uneousness. He never speaks upon assuming but no one ever domany great Gospel theme without inated him or did his thinking for

impressing those who listen with him. Back of his humility, bethe fact that he has the vision and neath his modesty is a lofty selfseership of a major prophet. respect. The fibre of his soul is

While his feet are firmly planted tender, the timber of his will is is the solid earth heupon his sources of power an idealstrong. The

offensive in ist. Never expressing shining his lie in the of depths

his opinions, still all men know soul.

where he stands and admire him isfor his stand. a deeply He years better the part of fifty re- "pOR

isligious first counselor, man. Anthony He W. of a comIvins—one civof borders lived he on the as noble pany of men known

* September Era. (Continued on page 3 9) "The Pioneers"

sr/

r* NYerrill Or. J 05

of the Council of the Twelve By DR. RICHARD R. LYMAN

at the Uni- "Who is the man? Where is the man. A testimony of the GosCLASSMATES

versity of Michigan forty he?"asked President Angus M. pel is in his heart and soul. I

his Cannon. that language, say I speak may fall, this years ago very and

a of son Marriner that speaks "He is he mine; and W. we offices sidelater our by having the Merrill of the Council of other. each understand Weis, are inside the of University Utah teacher a spirits."in the Uniand kindred Twelve

for twentysix years, few men versity of Utah; at present he is

assointimately beenhave more at University."Johns Hopkins youth, at while Arbor, Ann TN isciated rather during what now long has he been away "How associated Merrill F. Joseph was lifetimea than long have Joseph asked President from Canhome?"great investigators were with who MerrillFrancis of the writer and non. discoveries of building the uponthis sketch.

As Superintendent of the Mu- "Two years."Pasteur, the man who in 1880

tual Improvement Associations in "Are you sure that he is thormade to human welfare perhaps the former Salt Lake Stake, I sugoughly imbued with the spirit of the greatest of scientific contribugested Joseph F. Merrill as my the Gospel?"tions. Because of the accuracy

first assistant. 'Yes, President Cannon, I know and thoroughness of his work,

10 The Improvement Era for November, 1931

Joseph F. Merrill was one of the veloped his religious thought side leave them material things to quarrel over

to going gone. he was And so my of thestudents department from his attainments by side with

all a desire created in collegeafter 9 in among 188 in this to aid experimenscholarship,chemistry therefore, he finds, and father's of members the younger my tal research. no real conflict between true Refamily to go to college also, which all of

Outstanding in his character is ligion and true Science. them younger than I subsequently did.

than sons twelve younger were myThere a attackspersistence. he When

ten graduself; this have been of number is too roadproblem, for him no man comes from that college."ated fromlong, no combination of circumTHISchosen few who have been

stances too difficult. gathered "one of a city and two A WORTHY son of a worthy

Unusual good fortune came for of a family"from nearly every -C* father, he had also a devoted,

Joseph F. Merrill and for the country of the world. Of pioneer intellectual and faithful mother,

Church when he went into the parents and a native of Utah, he From the beginning his life has

Presidency of the Granite Stake, was born in Richmond in 1868. been a prayerful one. To his

for it was then that he had the He was a pupil of that devoted callings in the Church he has deopportunity and the vision to beteacher, Ida Cook. He was gradvoted himself with the same eargin the work of the present semuated from the Normal school of nestness that he gave to his profesinary system, now comprising, unthe University of Utah in 1889, sional duties. He has been a most

der his leadership, ninety instituand from the University of Michiindustrious worker, and still has tions. The present definite details gan with the degree of B. S. in found time for recreation.

of the proremarkable unique and 1893. and summers The of 1893 of faith, years by his By his the of General of EdBoardgram special spent in 1902 he study.study, unremitting at honest by and

its inucation courses of religious Cornell, the and of summers 1894, scholarship, continu profound by as a largelyeducation have come It and 1896 he le UniversityUniversity f successfulmMefni iAoreUi,leadership oous,r,fcyears f efficlearresult vision of the and of 11S Chicago religious, in educational, and pubascient leadership Merrill Dr. of training, the and honors from lie affairs, this man, Joseph

Commissioner of Education. Johns Hopkins, in 1920 he was Merrill, has had a preparationF.

the awarded degree, honorary Docfor perfect wellnigh seems which Merrill Dr. hasRATIONALLY tor of Science the University by [in the of the Council work risen thein to membership of Utah. of group Twelve. There is noscientific societies profession. his of these lines; Ponder are his they scholars, scienassociation of no he been has by honoredAt home own: tists respect or philosophers, whose all localhis associates in organizaMerrill attention F. and Joseph December, "In I 18 88, asked when my tions of he is a member, which

if father I could east college to go beginthe not can speaks command. He as the served president ofhaving fall in ning the 1889, without a moscientists, thinkers, language 1 of of the Society Engineers, of ofUtah ment's hesitation said, yes, he that and he

is a Theirs language help would to in remain me Association, college of Educational as philosophers.Utah

Merrill. familiar It to I Dr. as long care to stay. would is my In explanthe of the Section American Utah

ation said he life( that all his jhe that been conviction the during had whole Electrical Institute of Engineers, handicapped because a lack of of educahis life has, of the he power by of of the Engineering Counciland tion that and years he ago had concluded in course of of \God, preparabeen that the best is thing a executive. he could Utah. for his born do He

tion for the place to which he is to was give them all the opporhis leadership the State children Under tunities of an education rather called. to than now School of Mines and Engineering

-<* -KN<jg>j*D(- at the University achieved phenomenal growth and prestige. Unceasingly working for the Our American Intelligence

public good, he is by nature a LBERT EDWARD WIGso many of them. It is true that

legislator. I have never known GAM lifts dolorous voice to education better fits one for life

him to take a narrow view on any tell us that American intelligence and for the enjoyment thereof, but subject. The State is indebted to is steadily on the decline, owing to there is nothing to indicate that it

him for suggesting legislation re- a subnormal birth rate among eduincreases the intellectual capacity quiring the interest on State money cated folk and an abnormal one either of the educated or of their to go to the State rather than to among the uneducated. As we are offspring. The capacity is prethe Treasurer. Joseph F. Merrill drifting now, he prophesies, one determined. It existed before the

is the soul of honor. In him a thousand Yale and Harvard gradualphabet was learned. A Harvard

chemical analysis could not find a ates will have only fifty descendgraduate may have a fool for a son trace of deceit. ants left within six generations,—a rebuke to the family traditions

He holds the degree of Doctor while a similar number of today's and our American citizenship. A

of Philosophy from that famed unskilled laborers will have 100,- pick and shovel worker may father institution, graduate Johns Hop- a as will science, such far in go boy 000. Are we downhearted? Not in University, kins it was statecraft and learning. by or a it. [bit of

in addition is awarded membership rate birth jestdeclining no A What, we inquire of would society the Beta is it honorary Phi as Kapthe ing matter, so long but not pa. The technical work done for eminent Mr. Wiggarn, has educanational in scope no peril presents

his doctorate was published in the tion to do with intelligence? We itseif. Wealth, station and culPhysical Review for February, recruit our great men largely from ture, we are happy to say, have no

1899, and later was translated inthe ranks of the sons of labor. To patent on intelligence. It is; a

to foreign languages. Though a name such instances, known to our birthright not conferred by the

scientist of high order, he has detimes, would be tiresome, there are universities. Portland Oregonian,

The General Conference In Review By JOHN D. GILES

Of the T. M. M. I. A. General Board

ten thousand people pLDER RICHARD R. LYMAN Twelve stated that he realized in allWITHcrowding the historic took as his text regard for law and humility the wonderful honor which

Tabernacle at Salt Lake order. In his appeal to members of the had come to him in being nominated

City, the one hundred Church, he said that lawlessness and to the high office. He paid tribute to

second semiannual Conference of the disregard for law are the greatest probthe men at the head of the Church,

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday lems today in this land of Washington saying that he knows them to be men

Saints was opened Friday morning, and Lincoln. He urged members to of God with the welfare of God's peoOctober 4, by President Heber J. stand squarely behind the law and ple at heart. He felt keenly the need of

Grant, with an appeal to all members refuse to be parties to its violation. working with the young people of

of the Church to live up to the teachthe Church because of the perilous ings of the Gospel. DISHOP DAVID A. SMITH stated times through which we are passing.

In reviewing conditions within the that one of the big problems of the

Church President Grant stated that, Presiding Bishopric during the past has pLDER STEPHEN L. RICHin his opinion, there was less sufferbeen unemployment. He recited some ARDS expressed gratitude for his

ing in the Church as a result of the experiences to indicate that some unability to recognize spiritual realities.

depression than among any other peofortunate ones have brought difficulHe said he realizes there are many ple. He said there need be no worry ties upon themselves through unwise whose hearts do not respond to imthat members of the Church would action. He urged all to be thrifty and pressions from divine sources. He

suffer for food or shelter the coming to avoid extravagance. "We are livexpressed regret that this is so, but

winter, and added that if all Lattering, he said, "in a period when God stated that he does not abuse those day Saints will be honest in the payhas found it necessary to call His chilwho have not this blessing. He pleadment of tithes and fast offerings, the dren back to thoughts of Him."ed for tolerance for those whose hearts

Lord will provide for His people. have not yet been touched. In hisReference was made by him to statePRESIDENT CHARLES H. opinion, the youth of today face

ments made in the past that with HART directed his remarks printemptations and problems that no genthe splendid organization the Church cipally to a book recently published eration before has ever had to face.

has developed, it might take its place under the title, "A Lawyer and the among the leading religious organizaBible."He said it marshalled the facts "If the Saints will count their many

tions of the world if it would only that supported belief in the Bible and blessings, they jsurely!will he Surdiscard the story of Joseph Smith. had caused many lawyers who were prised,"said Elder James E. Talmage

greater of the author even than the that stated the wholePresident Grant his address. in those bless- "Among

is the Bible that to conclude book rests upon of the foundation Church of "is the privilege ings,"he said, the testimony of Joseph Smith. He divine. assembling to be instructed and guidrelated several prophecies and their ed."In urging the Saints to keep

fulfillment as evidence that he was in DISHOP JOHN WELLS drew a the commandments of jGod, Elder reality a prophet of God. Tributes parallel between conditions existTalmage especially stressed the comto Elders Orson F. Whitney of the ing today and those of the days of the mandment, "Thou shalt not take the

Council of the Twelve and Rey L. Prophet Joseph Smith when the Saints name of the Lord, thy God, in vain."

Pratt of the First Council of Sev were called upon to come to Church While profanity is a common sin, not enti.es, both of whom have passed and bring food for the needy. He said one word can be said in its defense.

away since the last conference, were there is need of a revival of the cusPassages of scripture were quoted to paid by the President. tom of giving relief for the poor. emphasize the sacredness of the name

of Deity. He stated that the com-

F. MERRILL, JOSEPH |in pLDER the taking against vain mandment in his O. DAVID McKAY pLDER the conferat sustained was is who eterprinciple in an name of God

it stated that remarks is wonderCouncil of the of the as a member his closed one. nal remarks with He

truth. ful to to the be anchored He ence Saints the Latterday admonition, "Let

slander accepting and against warned in all the of the Lord word toremember directed especially calumny, when in take His not respects and name officers. its and Church ward the vain."

pLDER JOSEPH FIELDING "The things of the world are being

SMITH, referring to conditions better advertised than the things of existing in the world today, said that God,"was the opinion expressed by there are many spirits abroad in the Elder Jonathan G. Kimball. He reland, some of Which are good and ferred to methods being used to adversome of which are evil. He stated tise tobacco by radio and other means,

light sent the has from be protected from evil and Lord may—thatthat there is no need of proving them and said that he prays that the youth

see will temptation. and Heaven may all who it. The Hill Cumorah

12 The Improvement Era for November, 1931 pLDER LEVI EDGAR YOUNG tion, had received ample warnings and ual: that the Saints had been blessed

dwelt upon reverence, particularly knew what signs would be given and with the leadership of men who were for places of worship. He said that if their meanings. inspired of God.

Latterday Saints can make reverence

NIB- W. CHARLES PRESIDENT a practice entera daily they when the urged REED SMOOT pLDER said, address, his in opening LEY,, to will able they of worshiphouse be prayerful. to He Saints be more

fallen times strange have upon "We to true if obediently therespond more that prayer the opinion expressed is said fear yet."the not end and He J the the of principles Gospel. ofmeaning Church other and

distress nations other that of the and the world observed universally were all nature. signs of ominous were about

is it in condition in the be not R. would IVINSDRESIDENT ANTOINE said the President had Nibley Lord are passthe times people today. first The his as conference address made a his these of out people shown way of will, the in opinion ing througha first the of Council Sevof member difficulties referred to the United and to hearts their turn Senator Smoot, reenties. for June, Era (The 1931, his the widespread In Order, opinion

it that his said opinion was God. He the Presidentports of appointment distress clearly existing shows today

univerthe in the teaching of atheism )Ivins. greetings the brought from He is stated that something wrong. He

sities in social the and country of and Isthe inChurch members Hawaiian if it people fine thing a be would is for civil reason organizations onelands, the people, from and Mexican the ready Order United and for were is.crime sweepthe great which wave the in missionaries thefrom fortyone it effect. if into could put be

Mexican Mission, over which he now ing the country.

presides. paid President tribute to He F. RICHARDS GEORGE pLDER his L. Pratt, in predecessorRey both read the GEORGE of Moroni, from Book ALBERT ofthe Council in the Seventy and declared, the delivered the "From one being who Moroni tp LDERSMITHPresidency of the Mission. Mexican to soul, thankful plates the and redepths to Joseph Smith I am of my

ceived them back after the translation. have as my associates what I considerDRESIDENT RUDGER CLAWHe pointed out that the scripture conthe best men and women in the

SON prefaced his remarks with the tains a promise that all who wish to world."Elder Smith said that this is

statement that he had never yet heard know the truth would receive testi- a marvelous age and it is difficult to false doctrine advanced from the tabmony from God; that we can underunderstand why it is so hard to make

ernacle pulpit in any gathering of the stand as well as did the prophets of the world at large believe this Church

Church, and said that he takes satisfacold, if we are true and faithful. is the work of God and not of man.

tion in bearing that testimony. "Any "When I see how utterly helpless the

speaker stands Saints,"before the who is in of the meeting problems world SYLVESBISHOP PRESIDING said, tell "ishe truth. to expected the said today,""I Elder can Smith, not r the closing Q. CANNON, TERIf to false he were doctrine, advance it different think help but would how it session, should said it Sunday morning be detected prethosewould by who if leaders the be the nations of would the establish clear that did not be weside, the no and congregadoubt by faces to for assistance."their turn God it established God. that Gospel; by wastion also."Jesus of Gospel "The

Christ was preached from the beginHe declared that faith in God is needning,"said President Clawson, "and ed in these times more than ever be- A greater and more strict payis being preached at the present time fore. He said the Gospel comprement of tithes in order that proper

wjich profound.influence upon the hends the things which are good for care may be taken of the poor and

world."He urged the Saints to inall mankind, temporal as well as spiritunfortunate was urged by Elder Melterest themselves in Temple work and vin J. Ballard. He expressed the

cited prophecies and their fulfillment opinion that it would be a simple step to show the importance of this labor. for the unemployed in suffering the

pangs of hunger to reach the stage pRESIDENT ANTHONY W. lawfully.where theyHe wouldsaid he takehopedpropertythis wouldunIVINS based his remarks upon a not be done and urged the Latterday

quotation from Isaiah which refers to Saints to take every step possible the day when there shall "be an altar to preclude such action. He expressed

to the Lord in the midst of the land the opinion that the experiences of Egypt and a pillar at the border through which the country is passing thereof to the Lord. And it shall be will have their benefits. "The Crefor a sign and for a witness unto the ator is not interested in markets or

Lord of Hosts in the land of Egypt."money,"said Elder Ballard, "but in

President Ivins then spoke regarding more enduring and Godfearing men."

the great pyramid of Gizeh, believed to have been built 342 years B. C. and

the relation of that pyramid to modpRESIDENT GRANT closed the ern astronomy and mathematical calconference with an inspiring and culations. He said that calculations encouraging address after presenting

made by scholars and scientists seem the General Authorities and members to indicate that the pyramid contains of boards of the auxiliary organiza a history of the human race, forcasting tions.

time the predicting eventsfuture and their missions in of The presidents

Lord. of the comingof the He progsaid addresses encouraging reported

he had not given any particular study ress considering the missionaries availto the calculations of scientists regardable, and several made urgent appeals ing the mystery of Egypt for the reafor more missionaries to be sent to son that the Church does not depend the field.

upon pyramids nor the conclusions of scientists for its guidance. It was Special meetings of the auxiliary

pointed out by President Ivins that associations were held as usual with the Latterday Saints, through revelaattendance far exceeding the average.

Adolf Hitler The Man and His Ideas

By Wendell C. Irvine

a crowd of some more by idle curiosity than perwould like to meet this Herr Hitler.PICTURE

four thousand people assemsonal interest, but inhaling the Without a moment's hesitation he it might bled in a huge auditorium highly intensified atmosphere of told me that he thought in Oldenburg, Germany, on a Sathero worship radjiated by those be arranged, and not leaving me knowledge time to protest, made his way overurday afternoon of October, 1930. around me, and,—my

a to of of group leaders, Fascist German permitting—listening of and wearWomen, them many

I, the himself, to too, sucbrought one of to over them man whereing costly apparel, are in the ma-

I fell his to standing, magic, was I under cumbed told and himjority, wellbuilt but young men spell alfelt the of his an was wand, and student American was whoin their early are twenties also if itstrongly represented. Most of the most forced to agree with my desirous of meeting Hitler neighbor in saying that a new and could be arranged conveniently.latter are dressed in the inevitable

brown shirts, sandbrown belts brighter star had appeared in the The Fascist lieutenant greeted me and corduroy breeches of the Gerpolitical constellation of the world. with the precise military bow so later in my hotel often seen in Germany, and seemedman Fascisti. Four thousand peo- A few hours

ple sitting eager and tense with room, where I was able to think to think it his duty to entertain expectation, four thousand pairs reasonably once more, I gave myme for the moment. He gave me

of eyes trained on the speakers'self up to analytical thought, and a short outline of the political sitplatform, and four thousand figconcluded that Adolf Hitler wasn't uation, and although his ideas were ures rising to their feet with one as great as Bismarck after all, that decidedly a la Hitler, I gleaned accord as the next speaker is inthe content of his speech that afterinformation that was of great innoon was inclined to border on terest to me inasmuch as I hadtroduced and making the large hall reverberate with the thunderous radicalism, and that his speech was now resolved to at least gain an greatly ideal the enhanced conby of understanding Fascism andsalutation, Hoch! "Hoch!——ditions spoke. under he which the nawhat German over notHocht"much man A

face the of tion. even in talking However, not been my itWemeanthad to slenderforty years, of build and

pleasing countenance stands before sudden return to saneness, I was more than a very few minutes the vast assemblage, raises his right forced to admit that he was the when Hitler himself, accompanied hand in the Fascist salute, and greatest orator I had ever heard, by his various aides and body with a penetrating voice speaks: and that while his personality was guards, left the elevator and strode

"Germans! I give you greeting!"not akin to greatness, it was a across the lobby. My newly made

It is the voice of the "magician,"dominating, compelling force that friend interrupted him in his of the German "hypnotist,"and would play a salient role in the march, saluted, and with marked if heits every tone and shade of quality unfolding of the new German hisdeference and respect asked evil, for good or Whether could to be permitted introduce Adolf tory. say—"Introducing toseem

felt. be would it was a power that scholar."(I American "a young spellbinder,Hitler, par excellence,

orator unexcelled, and Napoleon /"OING down to dinner that take my bow.) And before I was

of oral conflict!"evening I was somewhat suraware of just what was happening,

It was on this occasion that I prised to see an unusually large I was shaking the hand of Adolf saw Hitler for the first time, and crowd in the lobby, and on makHitler, the wouldbe Dictator of during the half hour that he spoke ing inquiry as to the cause of the Germany, and answering the casu-

I formed my first impressions of congestion I was informed that al questions which he politely him and the organization over Hitler and his contingent were asked. This whole incident did

which he presides. I believe I was staying at this hotel. I jokingly not take more than three minutes,

the only American in the audience, remarked to the hotel attendant but in that short time I availed and I had come there prompted with whom I was talking that I (Continued on page 54)

l\ labit Worth of the formula, however. It is

equally necessary and perhaps more vital that the happinesshunter know how to utilize his leisure time pleasantly and profitably. The

problem suggested by the latter requisite is increasingly weighty in "- x this changing world of ours which, becauseand magicof itslaborsavingmiraculous machinery,inventions threatens to increase constantly and consistently the amount of leisure time which the average individual has at his disposal.

CURELY it may be hoped, then, that every individual, young and old, is either making or has already acquired a hobby which may be ridden endlessly with satisfacDr. F. S. Harris

tion to the rider. Perhaps it is

just general reading or perhaps the protect itself against the evils of satisfaction of a particular taste for restlessness, of antisocial activimystery stories, or books of travel, ties, of the adoption of dangerousor autobiographies or the socalled 'isms'and-'ologies'and of pervertmodern novel, or works in the field ed tastes and costly abuse of activiof psychology, science or philosoty, when it makes adequate proviphy. Perhaps it expresses itself in sion for the use of the individual's

the enjoyment of playing a violin, leisure time.

or even a saxophone, or in singThe problem of recreation, ing. It might find its activity in therefore, becomes a definite perpainting pictures or sketching or in sonal and social concern. The chief

amateur theatricals or in indulaims of any physical activity progence of the urge to write articles gram should be to cultivate the or stories which may never seek deepest respect and the highest republication. It might find exgard for the human body as a mapression in the collection of rare chine which must be functioning

bugs, or coins, or stamps. Or it perfectly to assure happiness and

might find its activity vicariously efficiency and to guarantee alertness in the enjoyment which the particiof mind, cheerfulness and vigor of pant discovers in listening to music spirit and length of days; and, secor studying works of art. ondly, to establish as part of the

But as yet we have not menassets of each individual proper tioned among these various forms recreational habits which carryof recreation a kind which always over throughout life.

should accompany whatever other It is a good idea for those of us *H.1, -—'hobby the individual may enjoy. who are given to preaching a little

We are referring to physical actito turn the X-Ray on our own

Dr. P. A. Christensen vity which should enable the seeker structure to determine whether all

after the fuller life to employ some is in good order and perhaps to his leisure time very of approach to happiness is troublebury- healthpromoting, assured if the seeker can be ing, zestful play. It might be TT is with a great deal of satisfacAN happily in provide a case in point.

so busy with his required golf or hiking. It might be tennis tion that we discover at Briglabors as to find them painless and, or horsemanship. It might be ham Young University that the

preferably, so much in love with archery or boating or horseshoe objectives of the recreational prohis work because of his training, pitching or volley ball or cycling. gram have apparently struck a rededication, ability and tastes, that sponsive chord so generally that we

his work is a constant joy, and, COCIETY, we are told, takes out may find striking examples of intherefore, fun. This is only part a splendid insurance policy to dividuals who have acquired the

'By G. Ott Romney

B. Y. U,habitAcquirinof making pleasurable and tournament. It is with satisfacprofitable use of leisure time, tion that the writer recalls the fact

from the President of the Church that Dr. Joseph F. Merrill, the

which sponsors the Institution Commissioner of Education and down to the humblest freshmen. the newlyappointed Apostle of

Any recreational or physical eduthe L. D. S. Church, was for many

cational system which must point years chairman of the athletic to the activities of its competing council at the University of Utah athletes to make the case for the and has always been a hearty adgeneral system is admitting a grave vocate of healthful sports and weakness. It is not what benefits wholesome recreation.

might be administered to the relatively few (although the percent- A LESSON is pointed out when age is increasing each year by leaps T. N. Taylor, Chairman of

and bounds) who compete on the Executive Committee of the teams representing institutions, Board of Trustees of Brigham that counts, but it is more importYoung University, and President ant that the dividends of a wellof Utah stake, sallies out in the conceived physical education profresh morning atmosphere almost gram be extended to all of the indaily to complete nine or eighteen dividuals enrolled in the Instituholes of golf before presiding over tion, including the faculty memhis daily business meeting which bers and administrative officers. opens the day of Taylor Brothers

It is perhaps significant that Company, over which concern he

President Heber J. Grant, of the still maintains active leadership.

Church of Jesus Christ of LatterIt is a tribute to him personally, to day Saints, who established an enthe jealous care he has accorded his viable reputation as a baseball physical being and to the cultivaplayer in the preglove days, enjoys tion of the proper habits of recrea- a rather steady diet of golf and tion that at the age of 63 he is able plays a skillful game which exto enjoy with boyish enthusiasm presses itself in low scores. It adds his regular program of competitive

color when the headlines of the golf and to shoot consistently unsports sheet announce that Adam der fifty for nine holes and occa-

S. Bennion, former Commissioner sionally a fortyfour.

of Education of the L. D. S.

Church, and his son are crowned IEW men follow a more rigorous champions in tennis doubles in the program of varied activities

Salt Lake City recreational system than President F. S. Harris, the dynamic administrator of Brigham

Young University. His leadership

is recognized in many fields of learning, and human endeavor. He

travels widely, lectures frequently, writes prolifically and takes most efficient care of the numerous affairs of a large and growing institution.

Only a vigorous body, protected by clean and sound personal habits, and nurtured by vigorous Roose- /. W. Knight veltian activities would enable him

to carry on so busily and so sucserved and wellloved J. Will

cessfully. With youthful zest and Knight of the Board of Trustees

endurance he indulges at frequent of Brigham Young University intervals in golf, and he still finds who, because of the care he has considerable enjoyment in an ocgiven his physical being and the casional horeback ride. No better great joy and health he has derived

example of the benefit of proper from outdoor sports as a particirecreational habits might be found pant and sympathetic spectator, is

President T. IS. Taylor than in the case of the wellpre- (Continued on page 31)

.

acing

By Dr. Adam S. Bennion

X. What is Your Best Preparation?

here are stressed thoughts off called get to HPHESE my the of this at the beginning IJUSTtrain M., A. at 3:40 am

convinced that about the best concluding article of this series bepreparation for any job is a cause so few of us relatively are the price of infinite willing to pay sleep. night'sgood And yet such experience recommends And It is pains. compensations.a call has its

no substitute. Mediocrity is thefascinating to watch one day

history. into another Evencrowd reward of lack of preparation.

arfinal is the tenth and This travelera halfawake must be imticle Life. date on Facing we To that the nightpressed makes ample

have considered the following chalpreparations to usher in the dawn.

She has to take in her lanterns and lenges:1 Facing Life.

a follow. to for the sunpaint path

the fancy almostOne can new 2.3. Limitations—Heredity,The Will to Achieve. Opeffort his eyes inday's rubbing an

to determine whether it's really portunity, Training, Habits.

Building forworth while to carry on. Once 4. Foresight—Tomorrow.fully aroused, he seems to have no 5. What Can You Do?question.

All jlife bears witness to the 6. What Would You Choose To Do?

fact that ample preparation is the 7. What Is a Good Job?

key to success. If you've had a 8. What Is Success?

wonderfully fine trip notice how 9. What Fields are Open?

much of its pleasure attached to Of course, all of these nine must the care given to its arrangement, be woven together to constitute the else.either or one you some by real basis for life preparation. All effort tireless he time, and money is relatively article easy anWriting

life to enters all date into ahead. to save and fitted himself had it really thoughtonce have you

its inevitably founhas Tomorrow its functions. to promote Alifewon- a agoout. couple of days Only

it in dations today. That's silent effective why derfully though

I a to football obgame watched is so to important eminently do preparation. tribute to adequate significanceserve the once more

lies well whatever in the of way carefulof preparation. gave a garage mechanic men Recently The right doing now. present Every

trained themselves to hold truth.had Thorup evidence of that same fits performance unfits or to us

stress to letunder and strain. had but They he had oughly trained, succeed at the next to cross job our

practiced holding the ball and gethis ear check the performance of paths. Experience is a graded setheirting off probable discover the to engine the knew fast. They quence of performance—excellence diperfectly. tosignals difficulty. teamed cause They of the That is the certificate of promotion.gether well—one player taking his agnosed, he proceeded immediatelyman in—another blocking his out. to its correction. It's a genuine

Every movement gave evidence of pleasure to observe any man do a "How long the violets 'neath the snow ere Toiled they breathed the Spring!

the long poet his dreamedpainstaking preparation. The game really good piece of work—and his Howwas good to watch. It was a performance rests almost invariBefore his heart could sing! song

success measured from any point ably upon just one foundation -—C. H. Towne.

of view. ample preparation. Not mere

fight the begins within himself, "When man's something."worth A FEW weeks ago I watched a routinescientific,repetition,analytical,butreasonedintelligent,pro- A - Browning.

sesurgeon perform an operation. cedure—each step an ordered

His skill was remarkable. At a quence in the light of circumSo many of the letters which

cost of infinite pains involving stances. have come in raise the question of

.

The Improvement Era for November, 1931 17

preparation. After listing events Sooner or later you will have to faction is a dangerous ally. So

in their lives to date and indicatanswer all of these questions. Run many men seem to spoil under

ing their hopes for the future, writthem over now while you are success. A "turned head"makes

ers have rather regularly inquired: blessed with good health. Make one so liable to stumble into the

"Now what should I set about some little study of diet. It really pitfalls of conceit. A sweet huto do?"Of course, every job is the foundation of your wellmility should teach us all that out

callsaration—therefor its own program of prepbeing. beyond any apparent success thereprocedure—andis yetno thereone recipeare cerof amountHave ofyourest youdeterminedneed in orderthe Whatlie far awaitsgreaterusfieldsyet toofbeconquest.done so

tain fundamental considerations to feel fit? Do you regularly get far outweighs the little we may

against which any man may check it or are you tolerating an overhave done that pride ought never his developments. Let us attempt draft on your natural reserves? to be able to win us to disdain.

life is too, so Then, complex to think them through. regularly take time out you Do

that the need help of we regularly for completely play? you Do others. real one guarantee The inroutine at regular I. change your

it that deserve is that have we we of tervals? newness add you Do all the of prepafoundation A T it. gratigiven of account bank A life exercise calls for that through it is as ration, at the base of is tude one's best against insurance the to the of going your bottom is all performance, Health. Correct a helplessness. of day

cultivate lungs? natthe you Do life are habits of to fundamental zest, three These humility, sleep? ural tiredness that welcomes achievement.any permanent A helpfulness constitute a but homely get the in out you and open Do article like brief this of cannot recipe wonderfully workable for a real give the at chance sun you? a course lay brief out a building successful attitude. hygiene—it regular analyzing your Try suggest thatcan each reader but do

all these practices against six of thatjust thing for himself. The

suggestions. are After your III. all you is a wonderful bodyhuman mechanism. Given proper attention it own best physician. If you take O TUDY. You don't have to go

will respond. Every man should pains to be such you may seldom to college to be a student. But

build his own program of habits need another. Thoughtful care is you have to be a student if you

which provides for the giving of nature's first medicine. And it can care to make a place for yourself.

adequate consideration to: be paid for in attention. And it is so easy these days to carry

1 Food forward a program of study—at

2. Rest II. least it is easy to find ample material upon which to work. Ex- 3. Exercise strike This may YXITUDE. perience, offers of course, the foun- 4. Elimination '** suggestion you as a peculiar

5. Avoidance of Excesses by way of preparation for your dation upon which to build. "Ripened in experience"is the best one 6. Safeguarding Exposure. life's work, but and more I am

is guarantee of wisdom. There no its significoncerned about more

it. it substitute for requires But

is cance. Indifference well. to cost be has normal Whenmany TT experiencing "an really to nature"otherwise his capable an it is ever sick are beusually man we be of worth. most chance recognition of and promocause violated neglected have or we ability to take of out each The tion. is certain zest to the key six these suggestions. ofone Space A day's experience the richness which outstanding performance. any a discussion forbids of them, but The really it is attaches to gift. rare a

ability to cheerfully if heart one's put really sigtheir to respond you life Cultivate the seeing of knack is asset. into real a work nificance easily find can you man The ample full. to the yourself out. Try "everlastingly a after"goes who material for guidance regardyour over Talk yourself just with what is job to deny. hard lies difficulty world great ing them. The Our in today's experience likely will

is this year tribute Farapaying in to fact are the that unmindful we lead place. you some much How his for day outstanding contributheirof tremendous importance

itself asserts out of the routine? tion to the electrical of the progress are or like to we we lazy—or are the in one You person the industry, at yet ten the age and of indulge risk our we appetites-—or world can experiyour make who

as a hired he a a to lackey out strain was ourselves promising now ence meaningful. of out your Go proprietor. stand let the news that after shall But while up we

it to to helpful way make someone a all It news proved stand benediction. too after frequently too long

is the best one to way else—that offered satisfaction to a soul while. hun-a Pain discomfiture and it rich for make yourself.

or fatigue are nature's danger siggry for learning. It might have

nals. Try being your own phybeen only one more place to sweep pHE second great field for study

sician right now! up. It is a wonderful thing really is books. Every worthy book

Does the food you eat agree to hunger and thirst after knowlrepresents the best thinking and with you and does it really nourish edge. Therein lies the spark which feeling of an outstanding man or

you? Do you eat variety enough must kindle the fire of achievewoman. Through such a book

to satisfy your needs? Have you ment. you may live vicariously another's

checked your regular menus for "Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do, wonderful experiences. He only

fats, carbohydrates, and proteins? do it with thy might."Ecclesiastes 8:10. speaks the sentiments of your own

expression best the to vegeeat regularly enough youDo soul—giveslatent thoughts have which you tables roughage? Are you If indifference costs many a man and

eating too much of anything? his opportunity, smug selfsatis- cherished.

18 The Improvement Era for November, 1931

When you have chosen a given Experience, books, magazines ness out of our lives. And the sad

is that we do so all alongfield in which you would make and newspapers, and men—here thought

exploration, find the half dozen certainly in rich abundance are the way. If these articles seem to

names which the world recognizes your sources for study. have carried an urge to you to

as the greatest in that field. Go Listen in for a moment to three strive to become other than you

to school of them through their notable Americans who speak out now are, accept that challenge books. If you find a real book of a day when education was rethey have been written to do just

for you, you Hkely will never be garded as a sacred privilege. that thing. But you oughtn't to

the same again. It will kindle a be unhappy in the process. Learn

flame in your soul. "The good education of youth has been to find happiness where you are

all in esteemed wise ages as by men in are the and doing you what now said the that heart one has Some happiness foundation both of the it take If along and you. with collection is a a universityof private of ofsurest families of commonwealths. and

can't it find you be it now may a it to subgreat books. key of be of the Pennsylyouth So The may

stantial learning is the reading of vania."Benjamin Franklin. that you never can. A recent issue of of the one outstanding paacquire the industry and youth "Let by while worththem. many How

his situation as such knowledge pers in carried America this note last application in the read have youbooks this In to obtain. enables doing two him sense for of good all of us: are ones youthree months? What will gained objects be important other

acquisition of the besides knowledge reading? ones have you Whatnow "Mrs. Richard Cadwalader Philof M.

disrelish a a industry of habit and namely, list? If anwaiting adelphia your youon largest the owns most now and

dissipation of and profusion that of money luxurious in the yacht the world, life before turn none, toswer now are ever dependent which time of built upon Savarona, at Hamburg, Germany, richest ofrobs your one you Idleness."Washington. especially her. for Its cost around was

toprivileges the opportunity education the all things, I hope It "Above feathas every desirable $5,000,000.—of

commune with a great soul of the common people will be attended to; ure a yacht can have, and is 407 feet long

sense this that we may good convinced on sixtyfive feet longer the than his the of pages book.through—nearly preserthe security for the rely most with J. P. 'Corsair.'famous Morgan's

is article inshort your andThis If a naliberty. degree of due of a is vation a flock cars of "What fine motor

terests are varied, so that it is imtion expects to be ignorant and free in a compared with such a magnificent playpossible to set down names of state of civilization it expects what never thing? or a fine city and country resibooks here. But there are a half was and never will be."Thomas Jefferdence? when one can finance parties on

dozen books for you. If you son. luckytrips aroundlady. Butthe weworld.say it withoutSo we say,preju-a

haven't found them write in for If you have really caught the dice against other lucky ladies; for inhints concerning them. meaning of study, you find yourstance, a young wife and mother in a little

What has been said of books can self in any situation trying to do borhood,cottage ofwithher aownhusbandin a devotedpleasant toneighpro- be said substantially of magazines. three things: viding for her and her children. She

Many of the best minds in Amer- 1. Get all available facts; may be just as happy as Mrs. Cadwalader

anxieties, less cares have and and areica to many regularly contributing in society be 2. Correlate and evaluate those and in the not important or best publications. currentour They

travel. facts; of news

consideration.deserve thoughtful

is this because in wonderful "That in judgments 3. sound FormIf to one you want make month is wealth, happiness of world not a matter facts. those light of the rich, experiparticularly try the families means, of small but come may three those to ability do The happiness frequently its and (giving to evenings ofment maktodoes—enduring test inreal all is the after all life."things through ten the ofing acquaintance any

of our best magazines. Your local tellectually of an education.

librarian can tell you which they As you think through the matTo me that just means:

are. If you want to check on your ter of your preparation for bigger

reading habits name the magazines things, I can offer only two other Be The Best of Whatever You Are you have read in the past month. suggestions: If you can't be a pine on the top of the

How much out across ten years hill, the a scrub in be Be IV to contribute reading such valley—butwould

rill; little at side best the the scrub of The culture? generalyour tree. if can't a a be bush Be you of Sense a Ad- (CULTIVATE

is in It keep that presumed you have may You venture. a newspaper.touch good with grass, If a the a bit can't of bush, be be you to secret the the locked you within

to happier make, highway Some the of of out proper working many If a a just can't muskie, then be be you finally study you may A ND society. troubling problems now bass

men. They will give you Only you can reveal the secret. But the liveliest bass in the lake!

many of your most valuable sugReach out and "spress yourself."

gestions. Do you regularly get Even if you don't startle the world We can't all be captains, we've got to be

crew, to they have whatfrom them contribution, oustanding an ofwith for us here; all of There's something If fer. three could to the talk you a creeffort will bring you your lesser there's big There's do and work to

in outstanding yourmost men of to do, satisfaction is one ative which state tonight, what would you ask the keys to happiness. And the task we must do is the near.

them? How many of the men to

just If be a can't a highway, then be you during spoken have youwhom V trail, alreally pastthe have you week star; a sun, be the can't be If you Faculty the search in to help your Happy youlowed p\EVELOP that It isn't size fail-—or you you win by *-J fine Have. art askof Enjoyingfor of What You wisdom? are. The best the of whatever you Be

ing questions, coupled with the fine Too many of us in our ambitions Cheer.

either let achieve end,art some two are to of listening—these

real happior regret aids to learning. crowd And you'll be facing life. worrywonderful

couts CAMP

than ten thousand Salt Lake Council Boy ScoutMOREBoy Scouts are registered Camp at Lake Ruth in the state of Utah this year, according to Associate Reduring July; the Ogden Gateway

gional Executive Oscar A. Kirk- (or Camp Kiesel) in Ogden Canham, whose field of labor covers yon, also in July; the Logan

Utah, Idaho, Nevada, Arizona and Water Front camp, held at the

California. And more than fifty first of Augmst; and the Grandper cent of Utah's Scouts have daddy Lakes camp at Lake Ruth,

attended camp this year, many in August.

councils having doubled their camp Each of these camps had an enenrollment. rollment of between 700 and 1000

—theThesehighesttwo outstandingenrollment featuresin the boysran foranda periodboy leaders,of oneandto foureach

state during Scouting's existence in weeks. Other council camps of a

camp—-contributeUtah, and the largestmuchnumberto theat week'sduring durationthe summer,were andin operationin addimaking of Utah Scouts into the tion, about half the Scouts who

fine citizens and willing workers received camp experience obtained they are, first in excellence as it through individual effort, or as

American Boy Scouts, and first in Day is done! a troop activity.

accomplishments at home and Thus more than 25 per cent of abroad with regard to civic and the 10,153 boys registered at the religious activities. beginning of September, for Utah,

had attended supervised council "pOUR major camps have been camps; and another 25 per cent

held for Scouts of the state this had hiked and camped "on their summer: The Timpanogos camp, own."

20 The Improvement Era for November, 1931

"Nationally, last year, 400,000 eve maple by forest rangers at 1929, that the first official Salt

Scouts were in camp, and one of Woodland, Utah, also were preLake council camp was opened in the features of the camping prosented. The tepees formed the offithe Granddaddy region.

gram was the initiation of more cial tent equipment at Lake Ruth Scenes at camp were filmed for than 23,000 new Scouts into the during the August encampment. use in the council during the commysteries of swimming, handicraft, ing winter, in teaching camp lore

nature lore and woodcraft,"acjDOATS also were given to the to Scouts in the Mutuals and cording to Executive Kirkham. Scout council for community other class rooms.

"This year the enlarged camping activity, and a boating course was program has brought thousands introduced at the Jordan Park PAMP life in general through more into active, healthful outtraining course by Blair RichardUtah is illustrated by the foldoor life under the lowing letter from

Scouting system. D. C.,Watkins, Scout

"The value of the Executive of the camp program lies in Eastern Idaho Area the fact that the council:

council is com- "OurScoutmaster is able to all Southeastern of posed get near to his boys. Idaho, part of Western

He is able to put over Wyoming, and a few the points of the small villages in northern

Oath and Law, and Utah.lation isOur1650Scout Scouts,popustress the character 5 85 registered Scout leadformation values of ers, a Scout executive end

Scouting."He learns office secretary.

to find God in the "The Scout council reGreat Out Doors. cently completed a five

Troop 58 of Salt Lake enjoying a meal at Lake Ruth weeks'camping program

HTHAT the real valenclosedat CampphotosTendoy.are typicalThe

ues of Scouting carry over into of the Scout life at this camp. The first

the lives of its adherents, is illuspictureboth Scouts,is one whoof theimitateRanstromthe Arizonacousins, trated by the following incident Wranglers in all of their radio selections.

related by Executive Kirkham: These boys made a hit at camp, and

is their Strawberry feature number "The a sent "Recently company mining a Roan."

council, for tocheck the Scout $250 is a picture genuine Scout other "The until thatstating of organization the up picture, a under party of Scouts showing a the in troop Scout town, the company

J. of Davis, the of leadership Dr. Ray

to to a keephad boys employ watchman Branch, the Idaho, of Southern University light globes and breaking windows,from leaving for just overnighr an which was since injuring property;otherwise but picture out hike of camp. shows The

there, deprethe troop a of establishment rolled his blankets each four and with boy; the therefore, ceaseddations and had his rations for blankets inside are the of

a the to keep used formerly$25 month his his and evening meal meals; two

used mischief be could ofboys out now breakfast.

to aid them in their Scout program.""You will note the absence of cooking

Prior to the Grandaddy Lakes utensils. These boys cooked meat, pocamp, officials of the Salt Lake Boy theytatoes,preparedeggs, bothand bakedmeals mentioned,bread. Inwithfact

Scout council held a Scouters'out the aid of any utensils, not even a training course at Jordan Park, tin can for drinking water. They made

June 26, 27, 29 and 30. Scouts join in a game of baseball their beds of pine boughs and demonstated that in his report, Davis, "Dr. course, this camppreparation son, Scouters the who showedA T strated Scout life in the open. experienced such genuine how he never had

tepees sixteenfoot Indian 15 the Surplus to manipulate on them these directing pleasure boys as when were officially presented to the Salt Canal. These boats later formed on this encampment.

Lake council in recognition of its the major part of the Scout flotilla "The meat was wrapped in oil paper drive to beautify Salt Lake's vacant at the Granddaddy Lakes headandput aroundthen a thethickoutside.coating Theof mudpotatoeswas

lots during the Junior Chamber of quarters. Rafts made by the boys were fixed the same way. and with the

Commerce cleanup, paintup drive and their leaders filled out the meat, were put into the open coals. The

held a short while before. Many of "fleet."bread was mixed from flour, etc.. held in

stirred and the other, with one and hand this project carried have the boys visitors of the to the Lake One the a over cooked stick and on wrapped raised gardens have further, and 1, began camp, which of Ruth Aug. coals.

flowers and vegetables in the forwas William B. Hawkins, Scout "For breakfast the eggs were also

in oil rolled in and paper, wrapped mud lots, thusmer vacant making them executive of the San Joaquin Boy fire. All in the of the boys baked who beautiful. as as welluseful at Cal. Stockton, Scout council as this trips remembered took these

The teepee tent presentation was Executive Hawkins formerly was outstanding feature of the week. the

made by Commissioner Harry L. an executive of the Bryce Canyon "To complete a week's encampment the

Pinch, and the equipment was accouncil, and field executive for the boy, thrilled with God's handiwork, cepted by the chief executive of Salt Lake council before his redemonstratedleathercraft, sheethis ownmetal bywork,indulgingarchery,in the council, D. E. Hammond. moval to the coast. It was under Indian bead work, or advancing in the

Poles for the tents, made of bird's his direction in the summer of Scout program by the passing of tests.

The Improvement Era for November, 1931 21

Games, swimming, 'magic camp fires,'a Patrol Night with his own patrol, etc., made him realize that the Scout Oath—'On

God'—wasmy honor I real;will dois real,my dutyinsteadto

of being just a statement.

"As the tears rolled down the Scout's cheeks Saturday afternoon when Old Glory was slowly lowered for the last time during his encampment, he also felt that his duty to his country was real rather than just a coc e of ethics. Camp Tendoy remembers these boys and will

welcome them back another year."A N excerpt from a letter written by Riley G.

Clark, Scout executive of the L. D. S. SwissGerman

mission, shows the contrasting conditions under which German speaking boys met in camp recently in the Harz mountains:

"In attendance were 42 Scouts, representing more than 500 persons in all parts of Germany. Many came on bicycles

These boys of Troop 22, Salt Lake council, turned last spring's cleanup drive into a beautification plan. Not only did they clean this

vacant lot, but planted it to all kinds of vegetables. Four of them (from left to right):

Allen Lundgren, George Vigos, James Vigos and Von Young are shown holding on to the ears of the corn. Part of the crops were sold

to pay for seeding the empty plot.

Scouts from various troops attending as a single unit.

Under the new plan, although several troops were at the camp at the same time, each troop remained a separate and distinct unit under its own troop leader. Each

troop prepared its own food and

Scout training course in building airplanes had its own equipment.

the to flag presented was A new political party, Dresden Berlin, Hanover, Bremen,from State bank, the Ogden by and shooting them or camp to death. them Breslau. from beating was entire groupand The

poor families, but they love Scouting "It is seldom that we are allowed to at colorful exercises July 19.

enough to scrimp and save for months, build fires to cook on. In some regions Scouts, their parents, jbank and

to it Scouts have allowed. is not literally Theto there attend they camp. Once cereattended the Scout officials

food. cold take a gas or cooker carry ideas to not to carry thosegleaned back president Bigelow, A. P. mony. are in every have boys who "But wefortunate to come. enough

presentation, the the bank, made Scouts. the do of of sense They word

in the sleeping enjoyed Scouts "These the to their in everything put power of president Rawson, and W. W. just great the blue heavens, underopen difficulties. all in spite over, of program council, responded. the Ogden relished in theas Utah. do we They are in progress Scouting. making We State Inthe of for students Forty campfire prepared foodAmerican we greetings to to fellow our send wish We

the yells thrilled Scout pagethem. them. on (Continued At 30) places, in Scouts surrounding and Utah

first their of the boys some sawcamp to invitation also correspond. an and

first thecampfire, for time partook and the SwissGer- Department, Scout Write radiates the spirit a of that group from Basel, Switzerland, Leimenman Mission, at sacred place aof in such Scouts 49."such strasse

a sacred time. They went from our

camp with such an intense spirit of enthusiasm for the work that I know it QAMP KIESEL, Boy Scout has been a milestone in the history of camp of the Ogden Gateway

Scouting in Germany. district, was operated under a new

"Political conditions have become so plan this season, according to Scout localities in certain times thatbad at Scouts Executive S. Dinsworth Young. meetings tocould their uniforms not wear

or on the streets, for fear of mobs misIn the past the camp has been in Many of the Scouts took inditaking them for members of some rival charge of a camp director with vidual hikes an or IVlachi M, MADE? ii. By profession only after securing a

proper license. Surely, when the

life of mastery death, and momenyears ago most of the FEW Paul J. Weaver tous matters of rights property and smaller hotels a employed

justice can in classes, be taught mudinner orchestra several of sic to longer can not remain hope Editors'Note:A players. the "Little Today Brown the arts exception. other the All special permission Used by of Paul J. Boxes"chain and programs taught. long have been so editor flood Weaver, Journal of Proceedings

thousands of smaller hotel dining of the Music Supervisors National ConThe economic law applies here rooms, lobbies and private rooms ference. also. The public is rapidly settling

with music produced by ilarger, this subject for itself. Now that

better playing groups of musicians. the universal hunger for music is

And the end is not yet, since the Does this mean that, henceforth, satisfied by the talkingsinging-actlocal broadcasting stations, emmusic as a profession or a vocation ingscreen, the phonograph and the ploying local musicians, must comwill be limited to a handful of radio at less cost in time, money pete with the big chains in New geniuses because they can bring and effort, the public buys movie

York. The broadcasting chain is their art to millions upon millions and radio entertainment instead of

simply another expression of mass at one time? There is no longer pianos and private music lessons. In

distribution, comparable with the any room for poor professionals. my own youth we could have mudry goods, grocery, drug store, These will have to be satisfied to sic at home only if we made it

cigar store and other chains. May remain amateurs. ourselves, just as we produced most

this mean, at last, that supermen of the other things we consumed.

will once more control humanity PHIS applies also to untalented, That was homemade music by means of newer, if more suituntrained music teachers. They homemade by necessity. No one

able, "chains?"It is a grave and will have to yield, in turn, to the would contend that a similar nevital question. modern, highly trained and gifted cessity exists today, although I 'The Survival of the Fittest"is specialists—teachers of music who shall try to show that possibly

a universal law and there is no reaknow how to teach music to another and perhaps greater, more son to believe that producers or groups as all other instruction is vital reason should make us enperformers of music shall be imnow administered. Mass instruccourage homemade music now as

mune from its consequences. Ittion is the inevitable answer in this never before.

seems possible to say with certainmodern age! Most people will no

ty that the world will no longer longer pay large fees for private DUT first, let us see if there are tolerate mediocre performance, music lessons for children when the still other factors in this mueither in sports or in the arts. At radio gives them the world's best sical dilemma. I think we shall find

least it will not pay to see or hear music immediately and with no them in our limited family budgets second raters, local amateurs exeffort, and at a minimum of exand in ourunlimited desires, crecepted. pense. ated by the modern sciences of inIndeed, why should private invention, highpower salesmanship

pHE handwriting is upon the struction in music prevail when all and advertising. It is safe to say

wall: "Thou hast been weighed other school subjects, some two that the average American family

and found wanting!"The mehundred and fifty, are taught in has less than twentyfour hundred

diocre artist no longer has a public. classes? In my own boyhood, a year to spend. Four out of five

Concert Bureaus, Lyceums, Chauyoung men were still bound as apfamilies have less than eighteen tauquas are vanishing. Only genprentices to the village blacksmith, hundred, since the average annual

uine virtuosoartists of internationcarpenter, shoemaker, tailor, or per capita income in the United al renown will draw paying aubaker. Today, all trades are taught States is only sixhundred and

diences today. It would appear that in trade, technical and vocational twentythree dollars. Food, cloththese, like the movie stars, will reschools. Then, one studied mediing and shelter consume the

ceive huge salaries, while the smallcine, privately, in the local doctor's bulk of this income. Nearly every

will disappeartown actor in the law from the office, lawyer's office, family today has a car—manyscene. Indeed, barber John "practiced"and the MacCormack cars. denhave average antwo The

and Lawrence Tibbet, Dennis King tistry! Today, professional schools nual overhead and maintenance of

and Marylin Miller, today are the only are permitted to give training an auto is over five hundred dollars.

forerunners of this new era in muin law, medicine, and dentistry and The hallmark of social distinction sic. even the barber can practice his is no longer "the piano in the parThe Improvement Era for November, 1931 23

is the "sedan at the sideweek, tenhour day, universal jects once considered attainablelor"—it

walk!"when I was a lad, has diminished only in early youth. Colleges,

Now, every housewife wants to the fiveday week and the sixhigh school and. continuation

an electric refrigerator, washer ana hour day. Economists predict a schools are experimenting along

mangle; fathers tire of stoking fivehour day in the near future. this line. Surely, there is no more

furnaces and yearn for automatic It is here now in the building crying need, because this new era leisure trades. of presents new responsibilioil burners. AmerThe average

ties, in education new opportunities What is humanity to do with ican several times family spends life. In this newmore each week for movies than this newfound leisure? What will for a fuller, richer

they ever paid the music teacher. be the leisuretime reactions of the era, our education need never end!

is explore shall time to the mechanised automaton have no who We advertising dethe whetsModern cultifields to required longer he of knowledge, to think? All new sire devices for dozens and of new

is instincts, press delevers to does vate butour aesthetic and push satisluxuries give that immediate skills, appreciatons! that this velop you wonder new new Do faction to comfort and pride.

is inclinathrill-chastions! pleasuremad, is the need world All we

divine, cosmic urge—the tion—the

will to let the spirit soar!pARENTS do still take pride in ing,mal reactionexcitementcrazedto the monotonyas the norof

their the of accomplishments it tolerate can the machine? How in silent offspring; pianos but psychologists a loafing also of the monotony EDUCATIONAL

all testify too neighbors'homes leisure? in are exploring depths new of to uncertainty theeloquently still mischief finds are probbehavior. "Satan They for human entertainmusical enjoyablegetting saying. the idle runs the emotions. into the ing secrets of hands to do"

ment by the good, old, homemade Is it possible that, in the Machine, They find that it is our emotions, of out so, in fourmethods. And intellects, decreated a Franckenstein that rather has our than man

rethe car, five the homes, new offspring his slay act according will acts. that monster termine our We oil the iburner the frigerator, and

feel, likely that Is it frequently, to not, the in end? the "The we way

consideration. get firstradio The '11 exef dictates. you, don't get as you Curriculum reason Robot's

purchase of a piano and investment watch out?"perts and administrative officials see

in music lessons is postponed. the vital need, therefore, of trainLimited incomes necessitate choices /RIME, today, is said to exact ing the emotions and the aesthetic

and subsequent sacrifices. Con- a toll exceeding oneeighth of instincts.

sequently, those products and our total annual income! In IlIf music be the language of feelservices that guarantee immelinois, the prison population has ing, the vehicle of the emotions,

satisfaction of pride, comfort,diate faster times more increased eight give more thought, not in the why or entertainmentconvenience acagreater years the outside three than are past equipment, time, more chosen. Will homemade music population! Some statistician demic recognition and prestige to

soon be going into the gallery of might figure out how long, at that this, the greatest of arts? Already

"lost arts?"rate, it will be before we're all in traditions are crumbling in college

If further proof is needed, let me jail! circles, due to the exposed fallacy

remind you that the consumption Thorndike, of Columbia Uniof the theof electric power doubled from versity, in his latest researches has ory, thefaculty—psychology,triumph of functional1922 to 1927. The registration uncovered a new world of possipsychology and the new concepts

of motor cars doubled from 1922 bilities in the field of adult educaof behaviorism. Pragmatic philto 1927. Motion picture reports tion. He finds that adults, with osophy is displacing speculative

for these years are not available, but slightly increased effort, can philosophy. Our own William

but the business doubled from learn many of the skills and subJames and John Dewey lead the bewas to 1925, and that1923 conception. this newer in world

sale "Talkies."fore The that Eliot President of words of The universal "basic,"the traingreatest is the mind piano—thethe "Music

sevenhome through list"instrument—declined have rung the on to er cent 1924 per fromtyfive mills corridors. academic The our

reare Government These1929. they slowly, but grind gods the of

ports. What more can be said? grind exceeding fine!

\\7"E come now to the possible HPHE 1928 Report of the Nasolution of the question of the tional Bureau of Educationnew era of leisure—-made possible, shows that high school students

yes, inevitable, by the machine. It enrolled in Latin decreased from

is obvious, is it not, that, when 50% in 1905 to 22% in 1928;

machines replace manpower, men students enrolled in algebra demust seek other vocations or work creased from 57% in 1910 to fewer hours? "Overproduction"35% in 1928; in science from

is the byword, the keynote, to82% in 1910 to 61% in 1928.

day, of every economist, sociologist This denotes a diminishing emand politician. We hear of overphasis upon traditional subjects.

production on the farm, in the In art, the enrollment increased mine, in the factory. Three million from 14% in 1922 to 18% in

workers, one in ten, are out of 1928. In vocal music a slight dework today. Already the sixday {Contined on page 51)

upporting. By Alberta Huish Christensen

At nine o'clock Gloria ivas impatiently thumbing a magazine.

Illustrated by PAUL S. CLOWES

Perhaps such an idea did lie "Orange juice time, young dormant somewhere in Gloria's man,"and "Numnum,"she adHE role of marbrain, perfectly conscious of its ded with a grimmace as she dumpried 'grad',"TNell had often said, own existence, though undised the brimming spoon of codlifting her blond brows dramaticturbed, unformulated until that liver oil into the nursery mug.

ally, "is one—if ever there was night in late May. Jim

terest in the performance, but conone—which needs bolstering."Junior showed little infore- his tinued to run chubby If Gloria the of Brent was same glanced hurGirLORIA his finger across the tray unof

so.opinion, she said never had the clock riedly at the on alarm chair. painted high

in girls living amiably twoThe the shelf oilcloth above covered repeated, Gloria "Numnum,"adjoining never apartments had sink. lips. to his the nearer bringing cupdiscussed matter. the were Both Brent, simply "Junior must you

graduate studentswives and take it at once. Saturday With [Editor's short our In Note:

itliving matdoes what to daltime on—oh,of and washing I've no for offered prize contest, the story

it little one's takes thatter—so best the story author whose an by

breath away just to think of it. stories have never appeared in print Junior gulped the vitamined

And common interests had bound was awarded to Alberta Huish draught and Gloria dabbed at his them together with a warm tie of Christensen.] oily chin with a corner of his bib.

understanding. She pecked a hurried kiss upon

The Improvement Era for November, 1931 25

his round hairless head, and, addered just when it really was led."She unconsciously rubbed

justing the covers of his crib, that she began budgeting or rethe glistening diamond upon her pushed it near the bedroom winmodeling clothes of indefinite age. sleeve.

dow. "Sleep time, you dear,"and On matters of such longevity her "Yes, three years,"Gloria rethe door was closed behind her. memory was not too clear. It was peated almost langourously. There

rather nice to be called a spendhad been that first year of teaching thrift. a in right small western town systematic H I T presentshe admitted "Listen,"after W graduation, then two and resultmovements, of experimuch if ly, conscience as a frugal could years of years moreence, college—two she continued the laundry accusation, stand such longer not of graduate at university. the workprocesses until last the clean, I the night added up "Saturday said, right,"Nell "one "That's clothes piledwrung were in high groceries do you and what know? folks can frame year and you morethe basket. the of Wiping beads six of dollars ahead were We it the sheepskin, your wear onperspiration temples chin from and schedule."to. Doesn't backs if you wantshe balanced the basket the upon "Really!"that grand!"sound railinghigh a stood and for moon. "I Gloria "Really."wentment on the diminutive porch,

sale. it's the guess goods canned nodded.large to little enough accommodate Gloria

I celebrate decided to Anyway point we get to that "And whenmore the than can. garbage

tonight. surprise Guess how Jim all molecules, Nell, the atoms with it a Beautifully was! day What married."been we've long safely beelectrons chucked and clear, diffusing the mist with no

it's day! your wedding "Why, last flourus, the with only hind lineragged across water. sky the Gloria, enough, look young You I'll thrilled I'll so ishes to do, be see could StreetShe even Market up a to be Soph."only for weeks. every serve chicken dayquite plainly a day. such on Funny true. It wasn't "Applesauce!"teensy or wee meat, chopped Notshe never that before noticed had day every she looked Gloria knew chickens, juicy, big, roasts, but pot Island soGoat darkly loomed years. she of twentysix her But I will."a against silverblue sky.—honest cheeks also that her pink knew little spendthrift!""You Nell,"called she descend- "Oh still figure her and were smooth I anGloria will,""Really steps.ing the long narrow slender. girlishly was slightest the without swered Nell, colorfully blond and

smocked, appeared on the porch at "Three years today. It doesn't thought as to what she was actualthe other end of the apartment seem possible and yet, Nell, it ly saying. "With scrimping and

house. sometimes seems that Jim's been scheming all behind and thoughts

"Washing today?"going to college for ages. It seems of a real salary ahead, who

night. since that so long The Nell, wouldn't?"moon wouldn't, who Nell em- "Goodness:no,"from

it sparkbig awfully and oh was are so young, 'You and Jim the seephatically. "Didn't you

lines I filled yesterday?"you can soon make up for the

"Well then I'll use your front lean years,"Nell said encouragone. I've more things than usual."ingly. ft "And with your teach-

"Some early bird you are,"Nell rag—

said as she descended the steps and "Course that does help a lot, surveyed the lines of dripping gareven with paying Ella."

ments.

Gloria's face brightened. "Had iL/LhA was the very

to. I had some little extras to do round and tiedin-the middle girl

today. In fact it's rather a special who lumped up the front steps

day."Then walking nearer, that each morning at nine and lumped

the occupant of apartment 2 could down the front steps each afterby no chance overhear, she asked, noon at five. It was she, who, fol-

"can you smell it?"lowing detailed instructions, help-

"Grand. It's acacia blooms, ed the well cooked cereal to disand have you seen the campus lateappear, saw that no pins or butly?"tons found their way to Junior

"Bother, it's not spring air I'm Brent's avid lips, and took him talking about."Gloria's lips widfor his daily sunning in the back

ened whimsically, "its chicken, yard.

really.""I'll send you in a leg just to

"Extravagant!"nibble on,"Gloria said, tiptoeing

to hang the last shirt upon the

NOW Gloria Brent line."Don't you do anything of the

had never known even the smallsort,"Nell protested, "there won't est measure of extravagance. Her be enough, honey."

own home had of necessity been Jim's face was radi- "Sure there will, it's a big one.

managed upon lines of moderate ant, "Can't imagine Positively a beauty."

economy. After her college graduhowto suchhe limbereda salary.up Gloria scarcely knew where the

ation came marriage, and then the Things must be boomday went. The hours of her one

schoolgame had begun. She woning back there."(Continued on page 56)

Daughter ofA Mart/ia By Ivy Williams Stone

Chapter Four

(VER since Gloria's marriage, Anna had beenE a puzzle to her. Some strange

malady had retarded her growth. Certain foods

disturbed her; Jonas thought it was because she

had drunk a can of lye when she was beginning to crawl. Still, even his memory was vague. When

a man runs a sawmill and a store and a farm and writes poetry and studies law, there is no leisure to study the whims of a baby. Left to herself,

Anna was selfentertaining and mild. But when

her plans were disturbed, her frail body shook with unrestrained rage. Everyone had learned

that it was better to leave her rabbits and pet chickens alone.

The whole family were accustomed to her wanderings. She would disappear in the morning

and seldom return before dark. She ignored their

calls; resented their interference. She built little

castles along the creek bank, dug small caves in the hillside. Here she carried and stored her

treasures. She knew the call of all the birds; she

had cared for a crippled magpie and taught it to speak a few words. She would not learn household tasks; Gloria could not even trust her with

the care of the baby. Though the creek was often

swollen, Anna could always cross,it. She could

bridle a fractious colt when the hired man failed.

She possessed a direct unswerving gaze which worried many people. She would sit at Aunt

Catherine's feet, while Victoria combed her hair, and stare and stare, until that worthy lady lost her complacency.

"I declare, Gloria,"Aunt Catherine fidgeted uneasily in her chair, "there's something uncanny

Gloria all great people ly hearddistinctthe about that child. You know,

heavy, reverberatdislike to be stared at. Caesar was that way about

ing thunder of a Cassius. When King George came to visit my

snow slide in father he said, 'Have no silent men about me.

Cripple Creek Make them laugh'. Anna never laughs."Canyon.

Anna remained complacent. She came and

went at her own bidding. Francis had been kind

to her and she missed him. Now she sought

Illustrated by other diversion and wandered farther into the hills. She had often carried food and water to

Paul S. Clowes her creek castles, or to a wounded pet. Now day

The Improvement Era for November, 1931 27

after day she disappeared immedidays passed however, and there dollars would buy several things ately after breakfast, with a bucket was no trace of the lost animal. which he coveted. If he just had

so heavily weighted with bran Lott rode the range for miles to ride, if he did not have to work, mash that her frail body bent to around; he visited the Whitman like hoeing or milking, it wouldn't

the load. She made a circuitous corrals at night, stealthily, hoping be so bad.

route, lest someone follow her. She to find his treasure. Growing bold

answered their repeated questions with worry, he finally came to lost General his troubles. a blank stare, from which thewith ranch with

colored THEbeen a perfectlythere She returned he began, Grant had "Meester no appeal. was Wheetman,"

at dark, ate a slight meal, smiled fawningly, knowing well that he Jersey. He had no distinguishing

at Gloria who never scolded her, deserved much rebuke, "you have marks. The pale tan would be

and slept peacefully until morning. had your leetle joke. It is plenty. difficult to see against oak brush

The next day she would start off as I am that cured. I kill my dogs, or hillside. Still, it was worth

before. If Peter followed, she sent but still my General Grant is gone. trying. When Anna came home,

him home. I want heem."carrying an empty mash bucket,

* * * "We haven't seen your Jersey, Rodney had a sudden inspiration.

Lott,"Jonas Whitman still felt He waited until she slept, then he that the desired land had squared carefully examined her bucket. A

little tuft of pale tan hair was L</OTT GAS COM his score with Lott. "I hope you

had no ambitions about a beautifind him, but we have not seen clinging to the hinge of the pail.

ful home or education for Lulu. him."With a knowing smile he felt that

She was sixteen and should soon "I love heem like a babee. I the ten dollars would be easily

marry. He felt certain that even look everywhere, but he is not. I earned.

her slattern beauty would soon atlove heem like Lulu. Lulu and The next day he asked Anna no

astract a long husband. ignored So her prepHe he Grant are my loves."questions.

free fence for in public arations, kept landscould seemingly busy with pasture he had been content. But Here Rodney interrupted. "I work on his homestead machinery.

he had a fine herd of cattle which tell you we haven't seen your old But as soon as she was out of sight

Jersey. help it Can't if he pedigreed foot, highly. carefully did he her followedhe prized on A

cost five he's hundred. Guess trail,Jersey the of keeping Genbeaten out he had which named

eral Grant was his special pride. strayed off and died."hiding behind pak brush iand sage

Shortly after Francis Conrad went Lott turned white. "I will give when she stopped to rest.

home, General Grant disappeared. to anybody that finds heem ten By a circuitous route Anna arLott immediately felt that the dollars. Six hundred I pay for rived at the top of Cripple Creek

Whitmans had retaliated, and heem."Canyon. At the point where Jonas

that Grant would return. The Rodney looked interested. Ten diverted the waters for his ranch,

Bruce's brave front gave away at this point and one of the hired men took up the story.

28 The Improvement Era for Novemberf 1931

a spring flood had once washed father had written that a diamond, will cost a pretty penny,"he vol- a considerable hole in a clay hillweighing 280 carats had been dug unteered. "That really was a

discusside. Here Anna stopped, sat and from the blue soil—down in a valuable animal."Further

rested. Soon she cupped her hands mine, not in a river bed. They sion was interrupted by the sudden

and emitted a long drawn, called it "Tiffany Yellow."Surely entrance of Anna, wild with anger.

"MOO!"the world was full of wonders. Her frail body trembled, tears

blended with dirt and mud. Bran

was smeared upon her clothmash to the surprise Mi.UCH ing. similar J,ONAS went to bed,of her brother a sound, she wailed. "Myin accent but mournful and long leaving her to follow when her "He's gone—"

drawn, answered her. Anna tasks were finished. iShe worked pretty's gone!"

smiled, picked up her bucket and more slowly now, felt too heavy Her father and Gloria looked entered the washout. Rodney folfor rapid movements. Little Nancy at her in amazement, while slow

lowed her and stood spellbound was two. As she poured the last understanding crept over Rodney's

as he watched his sister. At the water over the tubs, there came face. "Don't you worry, Sis,"he

bottom of the wash lay the prosupon the silence the unmistakable began, but Anna again interruptqueer, ed:trate General Grant. Anna raised sound of horses'hoofs. A

his head and fed him from the scraping sound accompanied them. "My pretty was so sick. I fed

bucket of mash. This formidable Not the creak of a wagon, but a him every day. He took it from

animal that had inspired a feardragging sound. Their private my hand. His foot was hurted.

some respect all last summer, that road led to the main road, and He was Lott's big cow. He's gone.

had required a heavy barbed ensometimes people used it in the I loved him."

closure, was gratefully accepting daytime. But never before at night. Lott enjoyed a nine day poputhe ministrations of the little girl. Hastily Gloria put out the light larity when he showed the check

And to render this service, Anna and cupped her hands against the the railroad sent in settlement.

carried a heavy bucket for three window. A flat sled was being There had been no questions. Lott

miles. Bruce saw that General dragged by four straining horses. had papers showing the value and

Grant had broken his leg in the A large round mass lay on the pedigree of the Jersey; he was

fall. While Lott had scoured the sled. Gloria recognized the man killed on the tracks, just inside

countryside for miles, the weakwho walked along jby the horses. the crossing. And Rodney said

ened animal had lain less than a Lott was easily recognizable by nothing, but bided his time. He

quarter mile from his own door. his wild, unhatted hair. Why was had plans forming in his mind, in

Lott Gascom's eyes filled with he using this private road? Why which Lott's money played a part.

rage when he learned of the wheredidn't he take the other road abouts of his valuable Jersey. this one led to the railroad tracks.

reading better careful. R..ODNEY'S had be He The like to cried be Lott, dead!""He novels. confined to been not had in Overland passed Limited the I use"For can what him now! serious books, gotten some had He early morning. crossing That wasI have to shoot where heem—there state the a of copy them among dangerous.

is be. hishe hole grave."The a laws. Also, read he book on set next morning out The Anna

with her bucket of mash. Rodney, preemption and homesteading. He

night Gloria starting out to his farm, soon rebegan to watch the calendar. Jonas,soaked theTHATlaundry in the tubs. turned with news. worried over what proved to be

Jonas had purchased a washing "Lott's General Grant was the failure of his store and Gloria's machine. You pushed a half wheel killed on the railroad track last weakening health, did not pay as

far over one way and pulled it night!"he cried. "Cut to pieces! much attention to the lapse of the

back. It revolved a wooden dolly Like to nearly upset the train, too. fourteen months of residence as

in the tub. It was marvelous. Nobody knows how he got Rodney did. He was secure. He

With store soap, washing was now through the fence. No wire was had paid the fees required for

a simple task, if you soaked the cut, and no gate was open!"short term residence. The land

clothes overnight. Jonas was alJonas looked grave. 'That was cultivated, and Rodney faithways kind, when he remembered. fully made it his place of residence.

While she hurried with the dishes, \-- '- >;*-!];:- The final proof for patent could

watching the lamp where the oil be attended to at any convenient was low, Jonas read aloud of a Lk time.

marvelous new invention. Some --,;), 5*$gffiSB During his father's absence Rodman back east, named Edison, had a4 ney took two of the hired men

tinkered;with electricity until he HnatikT and rode to the land office. He

had invented a lamp that needed was an American citizen. He was

no coal oil, or matches, or gas. well past twentyone. He had

You turned a switch and light..., -. witnesses to prove he had comcame into a little glass vacuum. plied with all requirements. He

hisIt action of his to carbon said nothing incandescent, was called said the a shortGloria time Within Mr. words over *: '-*-'* *** father. two

and over to herself, as she mixed Rodney Whitman received patent

Statesthe to the the United bread from and sliced and the bacon sectionset quarter fulfilled a to soak. her 1...... which the mush And

The Improvement Era for November, 1931 29

long cherished dream of his fathe mangers. The cackle of a in that manner. Peter ran from

ther's. But to Rodney it was startled hen led her on—surely the house toward the barn, with

merely land. Land that you had Spotty had chosen a secluded spot. Aunt Catherine following with all

to plow and furrow and rake and Gloria stepped on a loose board, the speed she could muster. It

sow and irrigate. And Lott Gastripped and fell, not through to was really a pity that there were

con! coveted that land, and Lott the mangers, but only half way. none to watch her marathon.

had money. The narrow aperture would not Down the dusty path to the barn

let her through, gave her no chance she followed the nimble Peter, inChoosing an auspisheto drawhung, herselfcalling piteouslyupward. toTherelittle histo themother.barn whereA lookhe ofpointedhorrifiedto

cious day when Jonas was again Peter to run for help. Peter could understanding came over the feaaway from home Rodney and Lott hardly understand. But he knew tures of Aunt Catherine. The

traveled to the county seat. It her voice was queer and muffled, butter and cream and hot biscuits

only required one simple signature and he ran back to the house. had produced a broad, plump

to make Lott the legal possessor Aunt Catherine's voice guided him shoulder. With one supreme efof one hundred sixty acres of land, to the parlor. She was lustily fort she extricated the unconscious

and from Lott's greasy pockets the singing and rebuked him for inGloria.

General Grant money was transterrupting.

ferred to Rodney Whitman. To "If you had been properly

never reallyhim it was money; money to carry reared,"she admonished, "you GirLORIA

him far away from detested farms would not speak until spoken to. knew what happend in the sucand cows, from woodcutting and These modern children have no receeding few hours. The world

her in a sickening around movedplowing.

* * * spect for their elders."pain laughing whirl, with mockGloria had worked at high ten- "Send her victorious ingly, with the voice of little

glorious and calling, as all Nancy deep if fromsion so Happy day long. was Rodney

reign to us over Long water. stayelated She must for Nancy. over something, did he save the Queen!"God

nothing but whisper to Victoria. And Peter. And poor little

Aunt Catherine was buried deep She took up her solo again, feelAnna—and the gourds must be

in her eleventh reading of Under ing that Peter should be impressed cared for. Jonas'voice soundTwo Flags. into silence. But he merely ed far away, muffled like hers. Had "Ah, Gloria,"she called, whenscreamed, louder than before: he fallen too? Eggs—a carload

ever the busy Gloria came within "Mama! Mama!"of eggs, rolling over the road to

earshot, "if Cigaretta had been a the station, falling off into theprincess, she couldn't have acted "May she defend our laws—hands of eager children. In the

more regally. And speaking of early morning hours, two little

princesses, did you know that 1 ETER became desbabies lay wrapped in blankets on

Queen Victoria has had nine chilperate. He could see his mother the farther side of the bed.

dren? What a marvelous queen! dangling above the mangers, could Aunt Catherine bent over her

She buried her husband. Princess hear her voice growing fainter. He with more tenderness than she had

Alice died because she kissed her looked around for something to ever used and whispered, "Girls, diphtheriastricken son, and the rouse this lady who did not like my dear. Two of 'em. This is

future king, Prince Arthur, died. to move. His glance fell on the only four. Queen Victoria had

Still Queen Victoria carries on, twelve gourds which he had been nine."

alone. I would love to return to taught to revere. They were not Aunt Catherine lay down to

England for her jubilee. It will heavy. He grabbed one and threw rest on the children's bed. Vicbe grand. Ah, me, my eyes ache. it with all his puny strength ditoria had taken the children to

I think I shall play a little on the rectly in the face of Aunt Catherbed with her. Rodney was suppiano before supper. Do you know ine, who had opened her mouth posedly back in his homestead cabhow to make a Yorkshire pudding, wide for another line of the song. in. A great stillness hung over the

Gloria?"The effect was all that Peter had house. Victoria should be getting

desired. The gourd rolled harmup. There were many tasks for

floor, lessly this to the carpeted day. but all rose brightsun The vjrLORIA went down

ly. Birds Catherine still to twitter, began to punsprang up to feed the chickens. Little Peter Aunt

and Nancy trudged along. Peter ish the boy who dared affront her Victoria did not come. Aunt

rose, sleepily. Catherine getting to be a was fine sturdy boy; * 1\ 1 Peter is bright, like 'That boy able to keep now, the *%? - from Nancy

irrigation ditches, and to carry all the Whitmans. He took me by

the led to hand and you, Gloria, me small of armfuls to the wood 1 l glad I'm babies your have hint no house. there Perhaps would be A of hair, red your Gloria. They \ 'eggs tonight. more grass was The

green. Old Spotty had stolen her i '-I really look beautiful."

nest away. If she could find it,

there sell, be to would eggs more out, went kHE com- n little a and to drop more money t plaining faintly that she needed her in the cellar crock the floor. on 1 -5 w * breakfast. Victoria be here should

Gloria climbed to the loft over (Continued on page 60) 30 The Improvement Era for November, 1931 4Boy Scouts In Camp Continuedpagefrom21 dustrial school at Ogden, who are In addition, at the Uintah Basin tourists and Scouts with equanimimembers of Troop 7 at the state Industrial Convention, held Aug. ty, using kodaks as rifles.

institution, participated in an out- 5, 6 and 7, at Fort Duchesne,

Kiesel duringing at conin participated the boys Camp the Utah, events of the biggest the of

Scoutslatter of July. part from watched were by tests which the "Covfor Scouts a ONEyear was

Brigham City also attended the thousand interested spectators. ered Wagon Days"fete in Salt

camp after Ogden Scouts had enTwo outstanding winners were Lake, July 24, 25 and 26, at joyed its privileges. Russell Robinson, who made his which more than 500 Scouts and

cooking fire by the flint and steel Scouters assisted with the parade r)NE of the features of the Salt method, and mixed and baked a July 24, and the stadium pageant,

Lake council camp was the pancake, taking only three minJuly 25.

the for seconds twenty and acutes 2,visit of of Ogden, Troop event, this commemorate To Whitprocess; John and whole scouttocording Simmons, L. D. covered wagons constructed boys Roosevelt, 251, more, of Troop Lake, 18, Salt ofmaster Troop all display for teams and ox the of winner Utah, publicity the council ofand one of City. Salt One Lake first aid through

contest. said:committee; he models unique best most the and the at aided Scouts About 300 of Scouts to the built was shown this to troop 9 J 6, August "From 2 Convention. attended stake Salt Lake the who trip a enjoyed marvelous Ogdenfrom and City's peach day Brigham

wilderness, paradise,into that the merit in badge course Uintah training the complete not celebration was rodeo lakes great country.the Granddaddy The each are classes held work. The disScouts. the the Mirror Theyhike 21 without took from members at m. p. evening 7:30 Wednesday pass, lake over Sea Rock down Rocky of tons ten than tributed more Seminary School in High the West fork, to East thencreek the to Brown up of bushels 300 and watermelons basin. all lakes and through Squaw attended areDuck by and building,

visitors to on Fripeaches hungry to Fish Creek Granddaddy Going up or are Class Second Scouts who that the than to 1 1, lakes, the Sept. then over mountain more day, and have in Scouting, and who country.Hadies'canyon

badges. to merit desire for amount Saturday to vast throngs. thehigher work the to Fish there went boys "From

to lakes, north basin Lakes and Four special "Covered model 'This camp, council the Salt Ruth, where FrontLake Lake Cache Water '"PHE a model accompanied by Wagon,"

Roberts, weldirected camp, by Lew Ideal at Vanguards, for held Express,"made of was "The Pony heartily; to then Mirror back themcomed Bear of the south end on Beach fixtures entirely of by plumbing lake where camped and home. They

night overtook them, without fear, and Lake, Aug. 9 to 16, brought forth L. E. Arnold of the Waterworks

safety.in letters of ( commendation many company, 149 West Equipment 27 packs carried from weighed "The Vanguards, 45 of whom from the Salt Lake. Second South, The bedding, includedto This 40 pounds.

personal equipment and food for a week attended. wagon body was made of redwood

nine pounds of condensed, dried, readyScouts of the district also atpipe, the wheels were regular raisins, prunes, consisting foods, of toeat tended camp and enjoyed it to the flanges, Trident were the oxen crisp, figs, rye peaches, whole apricots, fullest. used water meters, was and oakum peanuts, chocolate, corn,wheat, parched

malted milk tablets, peanut butter, jam, A group of Cache Vanguards, for their tails. The pony express

sugar, salt, limes and carrots. under the direction of Executive model was made entirely of stock

lifted that each is caluculated Scout "It visited White Pine Preston Pond plumbing fixtures.

the tons troop 4,200,000 took and 6000 one horseback, marking Lake, via Paul hike. Scoutmaster the steps during

S. Bieler and his assistant. John Bragonje, of the most progressive seasons for A/TUCH good has been done at

were in charge of the trip."Vanguards in Utah. Scouts under this training course, and the

the leadership of Executive Pond boys are eager to put into practice "DROILING juicy beefsteaks over visited Yellowstone Park and parat camp the things learned there in hot coals; rolling eggs in mud took of the spirit of romance, adthe classroom. Onestringed vio-

"bear felt of the urge them; making cooking flapventure and and be to can made lins—that stirring pen. with camera jacks hand, and with in one hunting"boards knot produce music—largereally cookto eliminate the other hand, also area as as the regular well Timpanogos with original From

ing utensils. Sleeping under the came to Yellowstone the annual knots, first aid, civics, conservation

stars, sometimes with a tent, some- "Eagles'Flight."Eagle Scouts, 20 and many other merit badge and

times without. Smelling the odor in number, prepared for the trip, handicraft studies have been taken

of pine boughs, the camp fire, and enjoyed a 1400 mile trek unup this season. It is expected the

roasting meat. Communing with der the direction of A. A. Anderwork will be continued through

Heaven in nature's forests. These son, council head. The itinerary the year.

things the Scouts of the Salt Lake included Evanston, Fossil, CokeActivities for Utah Boy Scouts council, and others, did at their ville and Star Valley, Wyo., and for the past summer included:

trail to summer outings. from there through Swan Valley, Provo—The building of a

Hundreds of boys took part in the Teton Basin, Jackson Hole, the rock ruins of an old Indian the Timpanogos camp under the and home. The total cost to each guard fort in Provo Canyon; Hesupervision of Scout Executive A. Scout was estimated at $15, inbet—The awarding of more than

A. Anderson. Camps were held cluding food and transportation. $100 worth of badges to Scouts

at Pine Creek, Huntington CanMany other troops made "inof the council since the beginning yon, Big Springs, and Camp Timdividual"trips to the national of the year, with some boys winpanogos in Provo Canyon. shrine and "shot"wild animals. ning three or four awards at each

The Improvement Era for November, 1931 31

finishming. Coming back to camp atcourt of honor; SmithHeld—The also were presented to thosepurchase of a radio by Troop 54 ing the fiveyear Scout leaders'the close of day—the "end of the

for Miss Vena Sorenson, who has course outlined by the National trail"for the time being.

not walked for more than 20 Headquarters.

five things than These moreyears; thinning Richfield—The Scouts boy leadand Boy of Good news to Utah Scouts is thousandOliver Barlow's beets by Third

Ward Scouts before they left for the message that the next World ers have experienced this summer.

a camping trip, when Mr. Barlow Jamboree is to be held in Hungary And as they look back on their

was confined to his bed with a in 1933. Scouts of this vicinity hikes, camps and studies, they feel

their nearness already "pricked indeed the of the Alhave up illness;severe treasSalt Lake—A their in are that "sharpening he is represented mighty; ears"and for old Inure hunt and mounds

dian relics by Troop 33, under wits"in preparation for the jourthe grass and trees, in the water,

Scoutmaster "Bill"Davis; the ney to Europe, and the mastery of smiling from the beautiful clouds,

opening in The Deseret News of a enough words in the German or in and from the tall mountain peaks;

weekly Boy Scout page for Utah the Hungarian language to enable that he is ever present, ever loving true Father, and as the mancouncil news; a successful camping them to eat in case they wander—a

season, closing Sept. 1, and the from camp near mealtime. and the boy stops to ponder the

giving of Scout leaders'winter meaning of life he lifts a reverenttraining courses during the month (AMP under the stars, with perly bared head to an understanding

Deity, whose very name is carvedof September; Spanish Fork—The haps a huge bonfire and a prosaving of two boys'lives by Scout gram before time for retiring; early in nature God—interpreted by

William Keele, 13, on a fishing rising; eating, hiking, studying naScouts as the Author of all, in the

trip. Several Scoutmaster's keys ture and Scouting; boating, swimGreat Out Doors.

)z<?q%&s>i*- -<*

Continued fromA Habit JVorth Acquiring page 1 able to fare forth with his racquet dicted to barnyard golf. Just rethe habits of proper physical recreon days when the local paper cently Mr. Jensen finished second ation.

reports recordbreaking 105 to in the Provo City championships Of course, the process should 108 temperatures, to play tennis losing a brilliant battle of ringers commence further down the scale for three two or hours with a perfect pitched men to a man who so public play it does. The

his juniors decades, by horseshoe and come to achieve game systems, elementary the the—andground

away with his share of the spoils championship. and high schools, the Church recreof victory. In fact in a locality in ational these organizations—allwhich the great court sport finds JEAN HUGH M. WOODand other

many of its most brilliant players WARD finds his diversion in an effortagenciesto promoteare cooperatingbetter citin the entire section J. Will Knight and exercise in hiking and is typizenship and to insure social welat the age of 5 6 is able to play with ical of a large group who like the fare by utilizing pleasurably and

the best and is forced to acknowlmountains and canyons. Profesprofitably the leisure time of the

edge only a half dozen peers. He sor Elmer Miller and Professor entire mass in activities which may

frequently may be seen with anMilton Marshall are typical of the fix upon the individual's useful other capable athlete who is known Isaac Waltons who abound in habits and desirable appetites.

to most of the people only as a great numbers on the Brigham of letters,doctor or a member faculty. University of Young citizen been not has who BeANYthe English of BrigDepartment faculty tween twenty and thirty the of gospel to convertedham Young University—Dr. P. members find diversion three times hearty handshake, the clear eye andthe ChristensenA. was known who ball lively volley in a each week voice, benot cheery the has whofifteen to years as twenty ago an it session, which, frankly be must reto tingling the addicted come

collegeoutstanding semipro- and occasionally admitted, challenges invigorating of freshment an fessional pitcher baseball preserves talents the best the debating of after a shower bath wholesome his vigor viewfreshness of and as participants physical as the well surrendsweat, not has and who ball in volley thepoint playing by agility. horse the Even though ered to the love of championgood in the tennis timewinter and sumrapidly to passing seems be from exphysical ship wholesome and

is It time. refreshing to mostmer picture, still the surbicycle the ercise, in not has hand, come hand this that Chaucer, of masterknow the vives in of Provo, some and citizenship. full his rights into of interpreter classthe ofsympathetic is it alleged, faculty push members, right society the has Furthermore,

ics, gifted skillful teacher maand a pedal. mean will every individual to expect that language thenipulator of English extensive intramural system The in his to everything make do power outlet a discover splendidcan such in play provides competitive which as life as as his and long and happy health tonic forfor on energy and sport, fifteen varieties for ninety of as possible. serviceable

in the courts tennisthe and gymenrolled the percent of and men questhe pertinent Thereforenasium. I sure, only not should women, am in tion: everything doing Are you

And so it goes! Professor C. give them healthful, recreational your power to create, to cultivate

Lavoir Jensen leads a group of activity but should inculcate in and to preserve proper recreational facultonians who have become adthem as part of their very beings habits?

Spinsterhood Glad Days of Fall Indian Summer

By Bee Forsyth By Linnie Fisher Robinson By Helen Kimball Orgill

LOVE three things: T?ARTH'S at her loveliest,

are glad, fold the of fall, i—j Fold glad days upon silver A tureen, rHESE / days fulgleaming stands Distances promise The when tearose pink A

; filled gold. and Purple little Eileen. And

are fruits garnered everywhere, When paling, are Asters

Little lives Eileen as reigns beauty willed. has And God rapture Fields know the Across way.

are drifting, wraiths Smoke visit to are fall; the glad, She comes glad These of days aglow. Maples day. every sailing gaily go Me by The leaves

On golden wings with russet tips Ah, would I linger stair runs She up my vine. purpling To cuddle 'mong the grasses nigh. By

tips toes her of On the in the meadow There

She dresses up in my These are the glad, glad days of fall; Blue berries shine.

clothes. Debutante is floating haze high, A purple are changing.

a a has sun new, red wineThe knitting; dreams; unravels bright She shade WeavingHillsides

a sigh. the winds have And low new bake pies. She Vision ethereal helps me

curls tosses her gleams. She Shimmering

are the glad, glad days of fall, laughs her eyes. These with And

gives is the knowing Earth to her wealth to keep; Dear man

Oh, I have a tearose Then shuts her eyes in dreamy peace, All things though wild.

And a silver tureen. Contentedly she waits for sleep. Join one glad chorus

But shall I have never By you beguiled.

Little Eileen? A

* c>*gj!g*'3# * November JoyousCrowns fulfilmentall the days

Autumn By Gladys Hendrickson IndianParting Summerof ways!

is world in fragrant folds wrapped Bertha Woodland By rHE chiffon, Of shadowy is filled peace; earth with

this veil And golden harvest onrHE Phases ring not, chimes The duskiness of The trees, slender Fletcher S. By Linda will the ofBut good man

in leafy filigrees, Encrowned clattering Is manifest like wheels, to by spend the moon, /SHOULD nights November drawn. have fields; greetings in of adjacentExchange If I might!

At each new day's beginning, It's a coin of silver rare

Or when the noonday meal is shortly done. The leaves are heaped in golden mounds Through the mist of morning air

In sculptured loveliness they lie; Price of joys beyond compare:

My gaze goes out, across the valley While from their depths the cobalt smoke Fancy's flight!

To the low, rambling western hills Curls incense to a silver sky. From the moon I'd like to quaff

And fields of ripened grain. Golden bowl!

Life's elixir it must hold!

My earthly heritage is great, I Have Seen God Ecstasy and joys untold are these a portion. which butOf eyes before meagre Would unfold-—my Christie By Lund

metallic soul.Although wheels industry of Feed my seen I God! seen have him /HAVE lifeless not coin, withReward me

I like the should breast to the hills, on wear of moon—I tree, the friendly pause beneath poplar

lace! twilight of At the Cap steals sunlight when away the that breeze plays the green aboutAnd

its as mist hair a Slowly For upon a mother sleeping from child my Is cooler; refreshing body, moist from my close the bring dreams compare; Would of beyond At day. toil.

to meet would come me seen grace in lacy trees, You the I have of him there-—fiery early sun, nomadic, autumnThe to face! Face ball, Patiently silver 'gainst a sky; swaying mist, purple the a in behind hazy Sinks

first in the bright gleam of evening And sail like hills. the I'd to In moon

star soil, breeze, the the grain, the bright I love Shallop lifts speaks of peace and hopes Which our train, the veil cloudplant, the seed, the to Silken dreams, drapesThe my high. up less soft gleams. sky; splendor While around

that permeates drifting, so sacred it seems, peace youThe To an early I seen child's in a have him dreamwashed night. the day autumn Through

eyes; and gleaming sufficient of nature of heir work, andAn Still stay so high, glad I I'm you in a have cool, found dark him And fill I rest; as soul with myTo light! of Sphere wood. all blessings Praising from Him peace,whom eyes, I draw There, upward face you in the my seen of mostly have him But flow.

arise, dust thoughts Bid from souls sweet those my

Who have trod his ways and found them Lure me on through endless skies

Two Questions good. To delight!

By Alberta H. Christensen

T 1 7 ERE it better to close tight Candles tarnished The missing string; of ForW want lute TJ7HATByis Gracemore InglesalluringFrostin the dusk

Or to fling VV of night Less perfect melody Than a waxen taper palpitant with light?

Upon the night? Like the pulsing semaphores God has set

May not some finer ear above, At twilight hear Candles are for dreaming—dreaming and

The fragment song; for love;

And, catching overtones, That is why a candle's glow a heart throbFind sweet holds for me,

The soulborn cadences When through a cottage window its welThough incomplete? coming I see.

Glancing Through

Brief Summary of Magazine Articles

By

. ELSIE TALMAGE BRANDLEY

Catholic or Protestant/"repute, and insisted that it be quite ished with the decree that eugenics unrelated1 to the program of daily livmust be entirely disapproved. After

sothis to positive in regard statement ing. Which will win the New

cial the matters, Pope and religious Left to find other issues on which

Social Order? to base their claims, the churches have turned his attention to economics, alhit upon two phases of modern life luding to "universal financial and ecoBy JAY FRANKLIN his uneasiness"Christmas in renomic which are always arresting—family in to cardinals greetings and 1930, (The Forum for Sept., 1931) lationships and money. The Catholics,

his in February, following with 1931, control birth divorce denouncing and the war, since of the end finanin notable radio broadcast which all and some vehemence former with it that both obvious has beenEVER cial place. held a matters prominent Protestbesides, the caused have new Protestant churchCatholic and his the issued year In of he same May current yield to the and ants to modern es rejuvenation. in of stand need capitalistic sysattack the economic on sufficient full with and both, approveif all of fate are huthe tbey to avoid tem, alike vilifying the system and being, chief the explained, one reasons philosophical wallflowers. Inman it. for those responsible that Presbyterians, to the according its different former quite frommood, for uses Catholicism every avenue and have standards changed economic the hysterics, theologicalpolitical and the public eye imaginaand it a rear to unfamily wrong make its set "face to have haschurch about reels, the greetings radio to reachingtion—-news living less of and conditions proper prevailinglifted,"the to according the world, inaugurawhole even and maintained. education can be feel that ladies for agedfashion who tion serseries a of of monthly motor dealt with Encyclicals Pope's The to younger appear bethey can made vices, blessings in prowere which orders, social all traditional the and rerenewed and modern, moreand cars, water nounced holy parked upon the the position of reaffirmed Church deft surgery.vitalized of means by sprinkled the passengers them, and on in addition, in dwelt and, of Rome, yet as spirit has not theWhile modern in accident. sealed against them up The matters such terms uncertain upon no spiritual of mission actual the intogot fact the that the coach of Notre Dame coeducasystem, as public school the it a is detect tothese churches, easy football a Catholic team never was was for gymnastics tion, education sex and part flapperish the attitudesort of on forgotten, the death of Rockne and disgirls, all roundly of were which ecclesiastical in the thatof both, hope distinct a loss the to Catholic was Encyclical maron approved. The will them. popularizecosmetics in being used propaganda America. treatise of greatest dogmatic all organized wrecked but war The riage—the itself religion Postwar jazz may a its bachelor compiled ever kind by hatred of for yearsChristianity, four all to counteract up needs and meet a wife subjection of the enjoined ready pracgreed, violence malice, andand ills, all still there will those but be husto willing obedience her her andtically the out unprops from knocked that believe of the sole purpose who ficit romantic condemned band and the sect in church.der the was Every is religion teach to organized men how tion, radio broadnovels, and moviesfray, other otheach and eliminating live to die decently gracefully. to and frivolous of casts as productive being explosives,ers high themselves with of It vital far requires something more feelings. that added thoughts He and be bestfor the to Christians proved external fundamental beauty and than

is dethe the of emancipation woman fighters. patriots the best bestthe and restore to measures eternal youth. fincharacter, and of basing womanly the ofPulpits denunciations rang with

a clergy land office didfoe, and the there They're All Related the ended,business. war When

was an inevitable slump. l High Intelligence, Long Life, PhysThe Church of Rome was especialical Fitness)

hit, for thely had preserved hard Pope By CALVIN T. RYAN

neutrality the ofthe Vatican and had issued a strong appeal for peace in (Hygeia Magazine for Sept., 1931)

the all to little Cathavail; and 1917,

earliest olic into a was plunged Church poliJOHN WESLEY, one of the tical struggle for survival. At the same advocates of cleanliness for health

time, the Protestant churches were wrote "Studious people should fremaking themselves conspicuous over quently bathe and frequently wash dogmatic interpretations—fundamentheir feet,"and for insuring long life

talists vs. modernists; people who behe offered these suggestions: Take tar

lieved miracles to be unnecessary pitted and water night and morning, or. deagainst those who would believe that coction of nettles; or be electrified daily

Jonah swallowed the whale if they or chew cinnamon.

were asked to. And shortly after the Queer as his rules appear to us now,

fray over science and religion, Comit must be remembered that they were munism struck a body blow at the strictly in harmony with the best medichurch when Russia, solving many of cal advice of his time; and it must be

the social problems which the church noticed that there is a definite sughad felt should belong to her, ridigestion of relationship between mind culed religion into obscurity and disand body; good health and studious-

: ness.

Used by permission of publishers. Failure to understand physical handi34 The Improvement Era for November, 1931

caps and the attendant Hstlessness and New York, and while this seems indifference toward study have caused scarcely breathing room, he has manmany a teacher to misjudge a student. aged to achieve a greater measure of

The advertisers are calling attention individual liberty than any other man constantly to the fact that body odor in Europe. He has studied the art of

and unpleasant breath bar one from human relationship, and his genius lies social contacts, as one who possesses in the conduct of human affairs, rather these cannot possibly possess also than in philosophy, art or science. He

charm or social effectiveness. But they respects that queer animal—man—and

say nothing about the danger of the belongs to the most politically and sophysical conditions which cause these cially advanced people in the world.

troubles. The close relationship of health, physical fitness and intellectual In other words, the Englishman is a

the physical, mental and emotional is ability, and between mental fitness and highly civilized man. He has learned,

just beginning to be realized by parmorality. Among 61 senior officers, among other things, the value of quiet

ents and teachers, although there are their medical health record was as foland courtesy, and how to give way to many of both who have not yet grasplows: others, which are the insignia of a civtact, readiness conas as a natural a ilized are and the idea: and man,ed who 40 A child the listen reach opinions. to are to failing to another man'ssequence

... 13 B the so, Ira of there S. in to be seems Wile effectively. Dr. England, And 3 of C live his told to a group for Sinai Hospital everybody own roomMount 5 Others be voice his life fancies must thought indulge that dueteachers and and

given the physical, intellectual, emoIn other words, the well, strong his opinions; and the country, while

tional and social life of children, in student is the one likely to hold office. crowded, does not seem so, because of

order to appreciate unity in health and Another thing which is being done the parks, open spaces and play regard it as the fusion of several phases in schools now is to discourage one grounds.

of child nature. having poor health from discussing it, Whatever you do in England, the

In other words a child is composed "for superintendents do not like to courtesy of the crowd is extended to part acts each parts, uphealth, but and teachersof with poor employ many nursemaids, costerac- or one power to the rest, and ask no see anon more and more they poclerks, tradesmen, apyou—soldiers,mongers, bank

tivity should be stressed at the explicant's personality sheet rather than lice constables and society people all pense of another. "We have not to her grades."If a girl is incurably tolerate each other politely, and extend

build up a body nor a soul, but a huhandicapped physically, she is advised to one another and to strangers the man being, and we cannot divide to give up teaching as a profession, as courtesy of London. From a state of

him,"Montaigne said, but it has taken she will always work under a double rude unfriendliness which I attributed a long time for us, generally, to appredisadvantage. to him when first visiting England, the

ciate this. Now, however, one of the It is impossible to gauge accurately Englishman has proven the exact opchief topics of interest among men and the relationship between health and posite, for I have come to know him

women in fields of medicine, hygiene academic success, but records of some better. I know the friendliness of his

and physical education is "oneness"of schools show that the leading students relations with others, particularly mind and body. When the Greeks enjoy the best health. when others are women. He is the

strong a for a strove sound and mind friends. treats as He is man women who is rascal a he when "Every man they than for sought more theybody, likes a better Frenchdoes than them said, and sick,"Johnson Dr. Samuel understood. is an a lovemaker, or than man who truthfully, "and added, have might he adjutant the the During World War slaves for and American, who women intelis handicapped sick every man set forth the S. general of U. Army as as their posavoids company much a for socially,"morally, lectually, and reasons the of young mensome why sible. a rise to easily gives morbody morbid officers'training failed at to pass the

is art the in relationship lazy, a master works the and mind, bid and He carelessness in or Slouchiness, camps.

all be, of with to as has of Interdependence elimination, he ways. both thinking, he of processes and acting

is in well people crowded so things the organism and of parts human many cause of glaring the considered most tact, pastream together. for the blood Together with established, same largely laid failure, the blame he and

the brain. tience, tolerance humor, good and and through body sweeps A beartraining. school faulty to The of talent for integration a is develop a Englishman must person in officer unit—an a gentleman, and ing of an

responses. to does not he want ignoring brain, emotional what and body general, the of adjutant the opinion

as a child notice. to be given must Teaching of bearing the one apparently was who

a time. at part to a not one whole, A of surprises like any does not He well; quickly and things done, gets

in a cog be mere child cannot made of the to contrary quite kind, man is going and he where knows who age. In a machine of the machinery people, to new France new whom there. get tohow a to teaching to make him addition entertainof dishes, forms new in agree eugenists Biologists and

live while to taught be living, he must a After attractive. are very ment intelligent peothat conclusions their

it! is he making peoto bring disastrous attempt new to contribute more longer live and ple

civilization than do stupid, ignorant ple together in England, I gave it up, are borne their findings people, and ThejEnglishman Himself andfriendsaskedat themmy house.to meetTheyonly theirare diffiold companies who insurance out by the claim that college graduates have a By MARY BORDEN cult men, and hard to please, but I

lower mortality rate than that of the (Harper's Magazine for Sept., 1931) like my house to be full of them, even

average male in the U. S., and that if they do object to the introduction

the mortality rate among honor men "LJE makes a bad impression on of anything new. The truth is that

is even lower than that of the ordinary strangers because he doesn't care they have so much of everything that graduate. Athletes among the graduwhat impression he makes; he is diffithey find it impossible to make room

ates live longer than the average man cult to know because he doesn't want for anything new. There is no man

of the country, proving to a certain to be known. His wants are few on earth so surfeited with good things

degree that health goes with intellectand one of them is to be left alone; as the Englishman of the leisure class;

ual power; physical fitness with leadand yet he has learned to live comthere is no social system so elaborate

ership. By educators, a number of fortably in a densely crowded space. in all the world. And why should a

studies have been made among students With 35,000,000 people he lives on man who has so many good things to show the relationship between good a bit of the map scarcely larger than (Continued on page 64) theLaying r oundation GoodMaimers By Adah R. Naylor

way mirrors in miniature many child who is trained in the thought of of the problems of the big world ownership is less likely to injure or outside. In recent years our damage the home and its furnishings

complicated manner of living and as he grows older he will give more has brought about many changfreely of himself and his belongings to es within the home,—many of beautify and improve it. Since he is

them have not been changes for to spend at least onethird of the life the better. When scientific disspan—and the most important period

coveries and inventions put the of his whole existence, in his childwhole world on a neighborly hood home, it is most necessary that footing, he has the everything us about feeling of "belonging"—of grew conjoint so suddenly interesting ownership. and The parent who

getat-able that we all attakes the attitude of "you are under tained a look of wideeyed exmy roof"is storing up a lot of grief pectancy, and an air of "what for himself and the growing child.

shall we do next."Pafher,

mother, brother, sister have been How We Build Our Homes so busy going places that many homes have been reduced to a A/TOST homes are managed and confew small rooms in an apartment ducted for adults. All houses

house the where oceats family are built windows, for adults—rooms, casionally sleeps at and night. doors, course condo we furniture—of it Isn't possible that of out cede a chair high a bed, and small

this socalled depression will all is else but beside the child, huge a saner come that outlook and the and at age of or 13 12 months in people general will go back his appetite for sends when knowledge to a quiet of living mode The is exploring forced to reach, he him home then will once again bepull and climb in order to see, touch a place come shall where we or taste. his often and smell Too work and play rest and and find training the is convenient for growncomfort and companionship and ups rather than for the good of the

joy. child.

Who Owns the Home? butChildrenit must arebe naturallyremembereddestructive,that de-

A/TOST of us will agree that the structiveclose kin.andA constructivechild's eagernessimpulsesto see,are

home belongs equally to all the to feel, to examine and take a part ii. people who live in it, but this isn't as is an impulse which should be trained

simple as it may sound. When you and not thwarted. The little boy

insisted that his "No, was name reflected a mother. Who Owns the Earth? homestop tomustconsiderbe arrangedthat lifeto withinpermit thethe whono Johnny"dumb

will agree that the living together of individuals of all ages, the theEVERYONE old the and young, mature all people earth the belongs Child the Training the adolescent, that and each and must live that one upon no toit,—but his share have his needs, according to this just to seems know how is child into an born modern npHE realize that you your problem home is itsearth possessions to with be propis intensively social world. He in a small mirrors the problem wayerly the distributed inhabitants among family, immediately surrounded by the of world.

thereof. present the our At moment is to friends neighbors if he and and

civilization deappears to have become to adapt are there everywheremoded and laThe Child in the Home behimselfhappytohe hismustsurroundings.be trained Some

bewilderingmentations and a child into the faculty of adapting is born a home, children have suggestions VI7HEN balance."along lines of "economic to their readily environ themselves to belongs him, in a that home

But let us turn our attention to that community sense. Because we love and ment, they early show a natural con

Jismaller world—the home—which in a cherish that which belongs to us, the sideration for others and acquire

36 The Improvement Era for November, 1931

good manner easily. Others are less surrounding area, confusion and apolaway from the family table so that

fortunate, often because of illness, or ogies follow. "It doesn't matter,"the mother can devote all her time to

wrong feeding they become irritable says mother, "the cloth isn't injured, the task. At first the child is given

and are unfriendly toward people, and accidents happen to everybody,"etc. a shorthandled baby spoon which he

training them in the graces of living And everthing is said and done, that can clutch tightly. In the beginning

is a difficult task. can be said and done to put the guest the spoon will go into his mouth end

There never can be a universal at ease. A few days later when the first, but later when he is better able

formula given for training children, family are dining alone, small Mary to guide his hand he can eat from since no two children come into the upsets her glass of water, and is roundthe side. He must be trained to take

world under exactly the same conly scolded. Says mother: "You're a a small amount in the spoon, dipping

ditions, and each child is born different bad, careless girl to have ruined the outward, not towards him. No one

from every other child, but training lovely fresh cloth and caused mother can convey a brimming spoonful of both in morals and manners must so much trouble,"and yet we know liquid food to the mouth without begin at birth as the emotional life is that children are particularly sensitive spilling it and a heaping spoonful of then simple and spontaneous and the to praise or blame. Are children persemi-solids, besides looking greedy, is

trend of expression is easily directed. sons? Let us treat them as such. too much to be taken into the mouth

at once.

Obedience Our Table Manners When he begins eating solid foods he may be given a "pusher"which is said that animals feed—unhe holds in his left hand and which/vNE of the first needs of the chiid TT

of recivilized people getting his food into the in *- aids him regularity in is be trained to cultureeat—personsdine. Be that and spoon. of the as bowl obey. learn to The finement later he must

daily, it all food of us consume may, serious is a very obedience of drinks he he holdsquestion the mug When in the which manner we do and disto be farreaching glass until it, or the too with hands both one and cussed here. It must suffice to say that adds to, or detracts from the physical right hand is strong enough to manage

in a young child absolute obedience pleasure to be derived from eating. it alone. Bread and butter is given

must be required. Since he is not Much of our social life centers around him in small bits. He must be trained

able to assume the responsibility of the "festive board"and a knowledge to chew slowly, keeping the mouth his own acts, his health and wellof correct table manners gives us an closed, and not to spill or smear. One

being depend upon his following the ease and a poise that adds much to our of the most pernicious habits known instructions of the parent. As the pleasure. Then, too, our table etiis that of giving the small child a

child grows older he must be allowed quette is usually regarded by strangers large piece of bread spread with jam to develop his own judgment and act as an index of our breeding, so I and allowing him to bite into it, on it, and less and less obedience should should say that knowing how to eat smearing himself from ear to ear.

be required. nicely is of great importance. As the training progresses the baby

spoon and pusher are discarded for the is the Child to fork, bib spoon and knife. The Children and Play Training

is given and removed, him a napkin Eat Correctly

HPHE adult world and the child he takes his place at the table where world have little in common. The T EARNING to eat is a difficult task, he must sit quietly and eat neatly.

whole routine of home life holds little and the mother must give thought, He holds the fork in his right hand, that is of interest to the child, and he time and patience to the small child much the same way that he holds a is forced to create a world of his own; who is struggling] to feed himself. pencil, and the food is taken up to

this he does through play. To be Good manners are not things that can the mouth on the upturned prongs.

interesting, play must have continube put on with our party clothes The spoon is held in the right hand, ity and an interruption in play is to they must be inbred in us—so the and when not in use is placed on the

the child a serious thing. I have a time to learn correct table manners is plate or saucer beside the cup.

small niece who, when compelled to when we first learn to eat. The knife is used very little, only

stop playing always pauses before she The first lessons should be given for cutting those things that cannot fork. see, the of the edge says, with broken begins again "Let and me of be discussion extensive more Note: A best the the cut has he food I at?"where When was in Right be this found "The subject may

the is that to of laying follow will hurried often method commother The Gen. published by at All Times,"Thing

mand the child to leave his play and Boards of M. I. A. knife on the plate, and transferring

go at once on an errand, and, irritated the fork to the right hand to bring by her tone of voice and disturbed by the food to the mouth. This Ameriis in his play, he gives the break eating manner of frowned on an vHp| can

ensues. trouble called eatimpolite answer and by Europeans and "zigzag"

The mother who is considerate enough 1 ing. The foreigner after cutting the to say, "When you have finished what w food as we do with knife in right

you are doing will you please go for hand and fork in left carries the foodme?"or "Can you go for me at once?"111 to his mouth with the fork still held

a polite receive will left hand. answer. is easier and This

unless for the teach can manners"but How W/Hm inmorehis graceful grownup, "good we are difficult a child are for ourselves Children implements 1 two them? have we iBI 1 little in their imitative time, will animals he at one and and to manage

is behavior mirrored get on better with the onehanded them. the people around the behavior of 1 method. WJs In There are many things to be learned,

Are Children Persons? llMll aside from the mere mechanics of

XI ft? / eating. at his child should stand at place "7"Etheseldomdinnertreattablethemif an asadultsuch.guestAt theA table until his the and mother

upsets a glass of water, flooding the (Continued on page 64)

Beauty In The Wome

II cp ROPORTION By LUTIE H. FRYER

Professor of Home Economics University of Utah

BEAUTIFUL home, whether Golden Oblong,"and it is recognized modestly or elaborately furneven today as a standard for fine space ished, is never created through relationship. The measurements ofAhit or miss buying of rugs, wall paper, the Greek oblong were approximately

furniture, draperies and accessories, but two units on the short side and three is the result of careful buying, good on the long side. It is more beautiful

taste being the chief requisite. Good than a square because the equal meastaste need not imply a full pocketurements of a square are too obvious

book, but rather the application of the to be interesting.

fundamental principles of art of which While it is impossible for us to say proportion plays a very important role that only certain proportions are good, in the selection of everything that goes we do recognize that we are better into the home.

An appreciation of proportion enables one to distinguish the excellent from the mediocre, and to select unhesitatingly from a dozen chairs the one which will possess the attributes of beauty no matter how old it may become.

How shall we define proportion?

There are many definitions which are correct. One of the simplest is <

This old colonial chest will always lay claim to beauty.

Every time two or more things are put together, proportions are established which are either interesting or uninteresting. Some people almost instinctively make combinations of

things which please the eye, but the majority of people have to acquire this ability. The simplest and safest method of acquiring an appreciation for

good proportions is to adopt some Uninteresting proportion standard that we can use as a measuraccounts for the lack of ing stick when we wish to judge from beauty in this piece of furnian aesthetic standpoint. ture.

its battered matter how No apwhich proportions with pleased Ideal Proportions this surface become, may loved Greeks the those which proach will dignity, chest have for after Greeks, years of ancient it nPHE too are those which with to use than is built underwith a fine in exhibited spacing study, good them. far proportion. from standing away of

everything they made. The basis for Look at the three rectangles in

'Proportion is the Law of Relationtheir space division was that of an the diagram. In the first recship."oblong. It is sometimes called "The tangle the height is exactly twice the

38 The Improvement Era for November, 1931

width, a proportion which is apparent lower part of the wall finished in oiland narrow, either of which, we haveat a glance and hence not interesting. cloth or tile is far more beautiful if learned, is not very interesting. A

The second rectangle is so narrow in good proportions are used. Instead of good proportion for a room is found

proportion to its height that we feel covering the lower third or half of the in the relation of 3:5. The ceiling

that there is no relation between the wall with oilcloth or tile, it should may be too low. A knowledge of the

two dimensions. In the third rectangle, extend somewhere between the, lower

the relation is sufficiently close for us third and half the height of the wall, to be able to compare them, and sufor extend up somewhere between the ficiently different so that we do not half way line and twothirds the height see at a glance what this relationship is. of the wall.

is in furniture Proportion an element. marvelous artistscientist Leonportant furniof One pieceTHEardo Da Vinci, after making a careture may be uninteresting and uglyimbecause the manufacturer had no

knowledge of proportions while another piece will lay claim to dignity and beauty for it was built with a fine understanding of proportion.

Scale TN addition to learning how to create beautiful space relationship, there is a subdivision of the subject of proportion which we must consider as well. This is known as scale,

These diagrams show three recand is very important for every home tangular spaces; the first is unintermaker. Scale refers to the relative sizes

esting; the second has no relation objects. It is not to hard find many

its is ofbetween third the dimensions;

taste violations scale. in of good Toopleasing the proportions because are

not obvious. often a room twelve feet by sixteen

or even smaller contains a large threeThis kitchen chair is made ful study of the Greek proportions piece overstuffed set which should interesting by means of varied formulated this ideal relationship thus: have been used in a room twice that space relations.

"Two areas or lines are more interestsize. If large pieces of furniture must

ing and comparable when one of them be used in a small room, there should laws of proportion may help to coris between onehalf and twothirds the be the fewest possible number of them, rect these faults.

area or length of the other."upholstered in an inconspicuous color A room apparently may be shortWe do not have to look far to find and pattern. Some people have the ened by placing rugs horizontally

concrete examples of beauty in propormistaken idea that furniture, to be across the room and through the plaction or lack of it in the average home. comfortable, must be large. This false

A bath room or kitchen that has the idea has led people who live in averagesized rooms to crowd them with large i: bulky pieces. If they knew that comfort is more a matter of construction

of furniture than of its size, and that equal comfort can be obtained with smaller pieces, our small home."and

apartment houses would show much better scale, and hence would be far more attractive.

Sometimes we see a lamp used in a living room which would look well in the lobby of a hotel. The design in

the wall paper, the rug, the draperies and the upholstery are often far too large for the room. Good scale requires that the patterns used in the

room, the furniture and accessories should be in good proportion, or suitable to the size of the room.

Correcting Faulty

Proportions /\FTEN the problem confronting the home maker is not one of buying new articles which represent good proportion but of correcting the

This kitchen chair has uninpoor proportions of what she already teresting, monotonous space has. It may be the room itself. It This is a distinctive kitchen

divisions. It is commonplace. may be square and boxlike, or long chair.

..

The Improvement Era for November, 1931 39

ing of important groups'of furniture as velours and heavy velvets when used 1 T. F. A scarf twentyfour

against the wall at the central axis. for upholstering and draperies have a inches wide and fortyeight inches

Spots of bright color at the farther tendency to make a room appear smalllong would present interesting proporends of the room will decrease its aper, while plain or brocaded silks with tion.

parent length because bright colors are small patterns cause a room to appear three 2. T. bureau with F. A

colors advancing larger. tend to bring and is equally drawers spaced more

nearer that portion of the room where Many additional applications of the tractive than one with the drawers atin they are used. Too much pattern tends principle of proportion could be enugraduated proportions.

size of decrease a room, the apparentto that is necessary for but all merated F.'large overstuffed sofa 3. T. A

space to be eflarge patterns need for is the solution of such problems scale in of the is out a small living room.

increase colors will fective. Light that: the knowledge F. inwill 4. T. valance A wide

colors seem size while dark apparent 1 Proportion deals with the relacrease the apparent of height a winto decrease the size of a room. We tion of the parts of an object to each dow.

must not overlook the trick of using other, the relation of objects to each 5. T. F. Light colors make a room

mirrors and the endless vistas they open other, and to the whole. appear smaller.

to us. Their ability to give a sense 2. A good standard which can be 6. T. F. Vertical lines in window

of spaciousness simply cannot be used as a measuring stick to judge good draperies and furniture will help to slighted, and while one mirror at least proportion is the law of Leonardo Da create an impression of height.

small is to room, a necessity every interare lines areas or Vinci: Two 7. is If unfortunate F. one T. a used be with times two may ofmany one esting comparable and when for furniture too large to enough have overdo- effectiveness withoutdouble is onehalf twoand between them it size the the be should room, of upof instead it. carpet of useing other. The the of length area thirds or the

large a bright holstered in of pattern unbroken the a long accentuates rug size the relative refers 3. to Scale colors. as well floor the spaces of lines and other furniture, objects; lamps and of

8. in tiny wall F. dot polka T. inappears A to hence the as wall and the scale in with should decorations be

is large in a of example paper room an size the room. The of the crease room. scale. poor be should paper, wall like the carpet,

is correct propossible to It 4. poor

9. inconspicuous relationships almost Space F. an which or haveplain T.

optical a various of portions by room are apt at are glance a understoodpattern. not

vertical illusions, the use as of such is low too may pleasing those to be which which than more room The lines a horizontal in lines room, low stripes of suggestion a perceived. are easily or panels toohave

ceilthe extending in the high room, a with a room while paper, the in feet wide 10. 15 F. room T. A light use walls, the of the to ing on part down way brought color ceiling is feet proportioned a well long and 25 etc. mirrors, colors and the than lower appear will wall theon room. as as the well simplest more The the to goes paper wall the whereone

interest gain will elaborate home short too are whichceiling. Windows proportions. the use good of through Test: to October Answers of draperies narrow long, haveshould

vertical stripes with no valance; a 1. Yes 9. Yes

deep valance reduces the apparent Objective Test 2. No 10. Yes

chair the which ofheight a window;

have may and squatty is too low a npHIS test is given in the form of 4.3. YesNo 11.12. YesYes

narrow vertically striped cover as wide true and false statements. If you 5. Yes 13. Yes

stripes have the tendency to carry the think the statement is true draw a cir- 6. Yes 14. No

eye across rather than up and down. cle around the T, if you think it is 7. No 15. Yes

Heavy fabrics with a pile weave such false draw a circle around the F. 8. No

*>- )<K*e!Voi* -<

President Anthony JV. Ivins Continuedpagefrom8

ilization and these were the imon the plains and in the wilderbut in many places a rugged one.

pressionable years of his life. As ness, is at ease presiding over the Few men indeed have pursued a

a rancher and frontiersman he Board of Trustees of a college, harder one and fewer still have knows the meaning of hard service speaking before a great conference emerged from such surroundings and plain fare. For long periods in the Tabernacle, deliberating with so much that is really fine

he has slept on his blankets under with the most astute financiers and and admirable. One explanation

the quiet stars, drunk the brackish business men in banking and merof it all is the fact that always water of stagnant pools, ground cantile directorates, debating naand everywhere he has steadfastly in his teeth the bitter alkali from tional issues with jurists and maintained the standards and cherthe dust of the trail and the desert, statesmen, or sitting in the highest ished the ideals of the great Church and through it all has developed councils of his Church passing upto which he belongs, and has pruthe fine instincts of a gentleman on deep questions of doctrine and dently and industriously cultivated and a scholar. policy and we think he could still the great powers of his heart and

There are no evidences of his shoe a horse without much trouble his mind.

it. job of This a goodrough make tense modernize the of To

life; miracle is the of hisance or but when the over Antony's words Mark surroundingspersonality—hein hishasappeargath- and

ered from those experiences the you know the man there is nothing mortal remains of Brutus:

manly and heroic virtues which miraculous about it.

underlie sound character and which "His life is gentle: and the elements

are so admirably built into the HpHE path which has led to the So mixed in him, that Nature might structure of his own life. summit of his achievements is And standsay toupall the world, 'This is a

This manysided man, educated not only a long and devious one man.'

CHURCH MUSIC COMMITTEE

Some Suggestions in Learning Polyphonic Music

evare sition that and studied compositions phonic is known made. A modgeneral twoALLdermusic may be classified unand from fragments of them, that polyphonic music we shall take a compodivisions—in chorus the "Hallelujah"as erywhere, counterpoint has defined ern theorist fact, that everything has been

composed is of one type or the other. the art of combining melodies, and from Handel's "Messiah,"which the

Musicians call music either monothis definition offers the key to the student is asked to turn to as he reads first twentyon. of polyphonic this point appreciation from muThe will proper or polyphonic.phonic terms The

difficulty offer that is measures sic. Also, the student one must not imagno if theybe easily are taken understood

apart and the roots from which they ine that a counter melody such as an not encountered in any piece of simare composed defined. "Phonic"has alto part to a soprano melody is polyilar music built out of chords. But

to do with sound, and in these words phony. In this case the alto can be at measure seventeen on the words "for

means "voice,"or relates to a melody accounted for by harmony, and is not the Lord God Omnipotent reigneth"that would be sung by one part, or comparable to the use of another begins a musical phrase which is used voice. Monophonic (or commonly melody sung against the cantus firmus in all parts. It should be learned by

called homophonic) music is made up of a polyphonic composition. every part so that it is recognized

it the appears. Likewise whenever chords,of melody, one accompanied is by of a folk example good song Any "hallelujah"the short phrases on word be. case as theor unaccompanied, instance, may "Annie for monophony,

repeatedly, part in every occur and as willPolyphonic means, music be is there only melody Laurie."one Here

all at once. in parts learned be should the division the intoseen of words it is by other not accompanied by and

these does recurrence melodies of The its parts, constituent fact "manyvoiced"chords. melodies, This but by

all the in the time occur key not same is ormusic, composition if which try made clear will student the will be to should drawn be and noted of progressone than melody moreup other the—this singing accomparts—the Illustrate singers'attention. the what at the ing time. not does it This same if for arranged be paniment. Even

transpose a to havby melody it means instance, a for that song, it parts allmean that seen will may be parts four consist of several parts, each one of except the melody are quite monoing the group sing any wellknown sucin different keys tune in several is It melody.which individthe is a new of and have none rather tonous

a see that will soon They a princicomposition one made up of are in a cession. that ual characteristics found

pal melody and one or more secondwell-defined melody. It is not the melody or phrase can be sung in any

ary melodies, which must all be sung purpose here to attempt any lengthy key.

by each voice employed in the composidescription of the construction of a Beginning at measure twentytwo tion. They are woven together so polyphonic composition, because it is and continuing to measure thirtytwo

skilfully the that is the entire whole thing is most a of these comprehensive complex, music made up science—in

ear. the topleasing that fact this type melodies of music is been mentionhave the highest two

The principal melody is called in kind of intellectual accomplishment, ed. The next eight measures are like

technical term "cantus firmus,"meanbecause it would be futile to attempt a hymn, so they offer no difficulty. Being "fixed melody,"because it is more than to explain such general ginning now at measure fortyone we

against this melody for the most part things about polyphony as will make have the most powerful melody in the that the secondary melodies are writthe suggestions given later clear and composition. It should be learned

ten. In the evolution of music termhelpful to the chorister. The best apright at first by all parts, singing it in

inology we find that our technical proach to a composition in polyphony, various keys so as to accommodate the terms, coming mostly from Latin and without being truly such a composirange of the different voices. It will

Greek, are selfexplanatory. In the tion, is the ordinary "round"which be noted that every time a voice sings

early days a note was called a point all have sung in community singing. the words "and He shall reign for ever

(original, punctus), and the practice If the student will go over this song and ever"they are given to this of writing one melody against anin his mind he will have somewhat of melody. If the singers will remember

other, or literally, note against note, an idea of how the whole is produced this it will greatly simplify the learncame to be termed counterpoint by all parts contributing melody. ing of this kind of music. This melody

(counteragainst: pointnote), from As material through which to make in this particular part is solid and subthe original Latin "punctus contra the suggestions about learning polystantial, and around this the other

punctum."Later the secondary melovoices sing shorter and less important

dies became known as "counterpoints,"phrases. Let the singers be drilled now

"first counterpoint,""second counteron the phrases that say "forever"and point,"etc. Evening Star "hallelujah"and the singers will soon

that see learning melodies, greatthe by in the the student western not expect glimmer must The FAINT lesser er in they importance, have and sky; in as to melodies be polyphony com- A the the content of mastered melodic fainter of fading melody. sound, A plete as the in melodies lengthy and

all that composition whole and now voice whispers within sweet A the Because of complexmonophony.

is together. the to remains whole put memories. Tender the in of laws writing polyphony

is this to Certainly silvertipped simple than cloud more A are melodies quite short and made little that hides irreNow read note try to individual each lamp—easily so that are pungent, recogthey Star Evening The its spective relationship another. to of in the process nized manipulated and memory And

really will also It seen simple be how are they composition. Neverthelessof Bridge. Edwin fades.—H.

really a the of elements component it is to as considered melodies be and out of these melodies, both as a whole great piece of music are.

IPIRII Ail MelchizedekESTHOODPriesthood material is prepared under theQUORUMSdirection of the Council of the Twelve;

X""V and all Aaronic Priesthood material is prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric. <"—v

Chain Influence

\NCE there was a Chinese. His Well, Confucius had a philosophy Choosing one of his closest friends,

name was Confucius. He lived of life. He did not call it by that he told him his ideas on life. His

a long time ago, centuries before'name, but that is what it was neverfriend believed.

Christ. theless. One of the things, for in- "Now,"said Confucius, "since you

this stance, in that philosophy was let believe doctrine, us both go my a great reader, was not for there He to don't others to what want you do each."convert out more, one and two were not in written records many

to you, should do not them. youhis this day. to. agreed was But he thought mediAnd and

it is In essence as the the Golden same a greattated deal, set his and down believed, there others two When as Jesus, Rule, announced but by in athoughts book, which we may persons four conwere were now who to so speak. backwards, putread today. faith. the to four, These new the felt as verts sage Chinese Naturally

The result of his thinking was a if he ought to let other people know like the two, went out and got four philosophy of life. Now, a philosophy the things that had made him so more to believe. Then there were

of life is something everyone has; happy. That is the way of the human eight.

only he does not always know it. The mind, it seems, in every age. But he This thing was kept up, we are

rules by which you play the game went about the matter of making his told, till millions of people acceptedof life, as some people say,—that is ideas known in a very strange manthe philosophy of life promulgated

your philosophy of life. ner. by the great Chinese.

Are You a Leader or a Follower?

A LL told, there are in the Church ment, but leadership was ready to take the element of moral character. Moral

about seventyfive thousand deaadvantage of the opportunity. All the worth is the greatest replenisher of

cons, teachers, and priests. You are time the leader was practicing leaderstrength.

a of if this large ship. army, member you

a teacher, a Suppose, deacon, now, aare leader, these a of of whether one member quorums. boy Now,

a priest in least, or, at every or and ward qualities. the the are has boys always man, These and young same men

in stake like every should do Conall, First future. theleaders of of of he burden know. must The No his make up mind on fucius—first,the of sense will ever the rest follows one any with an work Church on

believes something he to be oughttheir clearly. shoulders. see ignoramus. he Then, abroad and must home At or thought those his done of among great teach, will baptize.they never Lincoln did anything of preach and

group, whether or they beown not seeing cases his ten of nine the without In out moment way man to the then long Priesthood, and leads a led. the end. to through Next, once he was boy mustwho who of to convince one endeavor them courage. leadership have for gets to never Fear look any him up menAs

after service idea his of that another it is sotoday, for the "fear"to one boys looked up him anywhere—unless is right. and young boys among men yearsleadership of vision, courage ago. ever Knowledge, God. man No

developed leadership all of a sudden.—these are the key to leadership. Of There would be a power that would

The opportunity may come in a mocourse, these imply, in the long run, move the earth.

The Ordained Teacher TN the Thirtythird ward, in Salt of conversation—a thing that is rather everybody soon enabled him to gather

Lake City, the ordained teacher common nowadays. courage. And now there is little else

takes his place in the great organizaOften the teacher is a high school than pleasure for him in the work.

tion of the Church by actually going student, and, as such, is able to make As a matter of fact, the young out blockteaching. No doubt, he a pretty good study of the subject. man who goes on his block as a teacher

does so in other wards, too, but in this He looks up references, if any, and often has a new approach to his subparticular ward, he is meeting with consults the wisdom of older men. ject. At least, he looks at it from a

unusual success. Hence, when he enters a home in his different point of view sometimes from

teacher, teach. older capacity is entertained of he can that which by goes out on his Once a month he

appeals there small too, he amount people. was At first, no And naturally, goesblock. an with he Sometimes

older man, often called a "teacher"of timidity on the part of the ordained to those of his own age and experimerely, without the adjective "orteacher in this undertaking. But the ence in the home.

dained"before it. But often he goes kindly reception he got from almost This is probably the key to his faout with another ordained teacher as vorable reception.

his companion. Find the answers to these:

) Who is the presiding bishop But before he goes he prepares on The Lord Says—( 1the subject that has been chosen for of the Church? Who are his counthe month; for the Liberty stake, in "Tobacco is not good for man, but selors?

which this ward is, selects a theme for bruises and sick cattle."(2) Find out something interestfor each month, to serve as a subject ing about each one of these brethren.

42 The Improvement Era for November, 1931

Field Notes

Joseph aid pleasant the given sky. Prophet nancial ride a and Logan was To Ward STAKE—Eighth

a Harris. of outside Cragun, along one Martin Lewis by got "blowout 'we Contest: FromQGDEN—Priesthood

priest, circumstances the connarrated to Smithfield Logan went we From Stake fine. of theChairman W. Rawson W.

Priesthood Committee we learn that where we met Brother William Pilknected with the choosing of the Three the Aaronic Priesthood of that ward ington, a man who spent his boyhood Witnesses, and the receiving of their challenged the Melchizedek Priesthood days and the earlier part of his life testimonies. LeGrand Johns, a priest,

to a contest for attendance at ward in the home of Martin Harris. He repeated the testimony of the Three

Priesthood meetings, Sunday School, had, through special arrangement of Witnesses and discussed its significance.

Sacrament meetings and for ward our Aaronic Priesthood Supervisor, Perry Barker, a priest, told of Martin teaching for a period of six months. consented to go with us. Harris'subsequent life and testimonies.

At the end of the six months the After traveling a little longer we Riley Shaw, a deacon, recited a poem

Aaronic Priesthood had an average finally reached Clarkston. Here we entitled "The Book of Mormon."Af-

,ter this the given part of as program by special guests our Brother Wilmeet- met of attendance 3 1 % at the three a floral the placed boys, Wade the Mac M. of ford Rawson, Chairman ings Priesthood W. Melchizedek and the

29%, and the young men had comAaronic Priesthood Committee of the tribute on the grave and called for one pleted their ward teaching first every Ogden stake, Brother Frederick Barker, minute of silence in reverence to this month. Hence they won the contest. Brother Albert Foulger, Associate honored man, during which time we

The losers were to furnish strawCommitteman, also the wives of were permitted to review in our minds berries and cream for the winners and Brothers Barker and Foulger, and the incidents that had been called to their mothers and Boston baked beans Brother Thomas Godfrey, son of John our attention in the foregoing profor themselves. A very interesting Godfrey, one of the men that was in gram. Brother Reuben G. Rhees repbanquet resulted where the boys with the room on July 9, 1875, and heard resenting the ward bishopric, next

their mothers ate strawberries and the testimony that Brother Harris bore spoke, impressing upon the boys the cream and the fathers and the Melon that date, the day previous to his sacredness of the occasion, insuring chizedek Priesthood sat on the other death. all present the sympathy and coopera-

side of the table and ate baked beans. After eating lunch in the Clarkston tion of the ward bishopric in this and

We believe that the result of this Church Yard, we went to the Cemeall other progressive movements which activity will be to stimulate greater tery. Here stands a tail monument would tend to increase faith and deinterest and enthusiasm among the designating the final resting place of votion in the lives of our young men.

young men. Martin Harris. We gathered around Brother William Pilkington then

the grave and sang "We Thank Thee told of his boyhood days in the Harris pLEASANT VIEW WARD OUT- O God For A Prophet,"after which home, and of the many, many timesr ING (Ogden Stake): The folBrother Barker opened the services that the aged witness had told him,

lowing description of a visit to the with prayer. Can you imagine the with tearful eyes, of the events that

grave of Martin Harris is given hereprofound feeling of reverence which happened at the time the Book of with: entered our souls as Brother Johns Mormon was translated; of his testiUnder the direction of David J. said, "Boys we are standing for the mony and how he wished it were posJohns, Supervisor of the Aaronic first time in our lives, as a group, by sible for him to tell the entire world*

Priesthood, Reuben G. Rhees, second the graveside of a man who saw an Brother Thomas Godfrey told of his

counselor in the ward bishopric, John angel, who had (been sent from our living near the Harris home, and how

Mathews, and Mac M. Wade, of the Heavenly Father; a man that saw the he had asked Martin Harris if he

Aaronic Priesthood Committee, a golden plates that held the story of believed the Book of Mormon to be group of Aaronic Priesthood boys left the Book of Mormon."true, and he said that the witness

the Pleasant View ward meeting house. 'William Bates, a deacon, gave a talk replied, "No, I do not believe it,

Ogden Stake, July 10, 1931, at 7:30 on the life of Martin Harris. The knowledge supersedes belief. I know

a. m. to pay tribute to one of the next speaker, George Tucker, a priest, it is true. The angel showed me the

three special witnesses of the Book told of the presentation of some of plates and I heard the voice of God of Mormon. It was just a joyous the characters copied by the Prophet declare they were translated correctly."

band of young men on the threshold from the plates, with the accompanyThere was certainly not a young of life, going to the graveside of Maring translation to Professor Anthon man, nor any member present who tin Harris. of Columbia University; and of fiwent away from that silent tomb but

Soon we were off hiswho hearthad atodesirelive ina Clarkston, Utah,for about twenty - nine cleaner and better miles northwest of life. Thus we rerodeLogan. we As H turned home with a large aalong in

school bus we were goal in view and a t o determination of thereminded time J#W pioneers reach our goal.when the fW '

trudged that part of The trip was fithe country to settle nanced by the presCache Valley. We entation of three what somewondered

of those gallant souls oneact plays by would say if they members of the had the privilege of Aaronic Priesthood, riding with us now. with all participatThe weather was ing. The plays were

splendid, there was presented during the not a cloud in the Aaronic Priesthood, Pleasant View Ward, at Martin Harris Grave past winter.

MUTUAL MESSAGES Executive Department General Superintendency General Presidency

Y. M. M. I. A. General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. Y. L. M. I. A.

47 East South Temple Street George Albert Smith, Ruth May Fox,

R. Cannon, Grant Richard Lyman, General Offices Y. L. M. I. A. Lucy

J. A. Beesley, Clarissa Ballard, Melvin

3 3 Bishop's Building Executive Secretary: SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH General Secretary:

Oscar a. Kirkham Elsie Hogan

Cooperation in Carrying Responsibility

TN the new M. I. A. Hand Book, during the half hour activity period to looking ahead. The monthly report

"* page 20, is a diagram showing diconsider methods for carrying forward will help you to do this very thing.

vision of responsibility to executives this work. It gives a prospectus of the M. I. A.

and indicating the same assignments of The projects and the reading course program for the entire year. Secreresponsibility to the leaders of the varibooks also come under the direction of taries, here is your opportunity month

ous departments. this group of leaders. They should by month to check on the general conalso be familiar with the plan of the duct of the program and to call attenachievement report which provides that tion from time to time to the various

Executives and all departments shall work to reach ceritems to be given special attention. For

Class Discussion Leaders year.tain goals at given periods during the halfhourinstance: Isactivityyour wardprogram?carryingAreon youthe

refers to those memtwo POLUMN making plans now to collect your anpresidency bers of the who have Are You Secretary? planningnual fundnowin forNovember?your ThanksgivingAre you

charge of membership, attendance, the TF you are, you are a valued officer Ball, your Christmas Ball? The Janreport the asks department uary whether or not program, study weekly you in the have been I. A. M. You held books. the Ball course have the projects, reading Green and Gold and

this for of because position Ball. at that the deFebruary, Valentine once It will recognized be The

fine businesscharacter the yourselected your and are listed are the to utmost begin expected partments of here workduties importance and require weekly attenlike qualification. It was felt that you ing at once on their projects. Remind

tion. could be depended upon to attend all your officers that a report is called for

to meetings record accurate and make in projects April In March. on the constiattendance and Membership transactions, of all that and you would are to the report course reading you all of of tute the background

to our be willing time spend whatever in arread ward. your books What direction the of two work. Under necessary the be might for performing in rangements been have your made secthe executives the of and members secretarial duties. of these circulating for books? ward Have be conretaries should department each

stantly endeavoring to increase the If you are to be successful and truly you asked the departments to keep acmembership by providing rich, interenjoy your work you will be keenly curate record of how many are read, esting material for each evening's disinterested in the entire program of the so that your report may be complete?

cussions and also by personal contact organization and will inform yourself In April you will also report the sucwith those not already enrolled. Comthoroughly concerning it. You will cess of your Ward Honor day. In

mittees may be formed of department realize that you are the historykeeper order to make an intelligent report on members who will devise means of of the organization and that the manthis phase of Mutual work you must reaching all who should be enrolled ner in which you record its accomnecessarily begin now to keep a record in their several groups. Publicity diplishments is most important. Your of all individuals who have reached

rectors also will be glad to assist in record must be clear and true, so that "A"Standard.

this important work. The attendance those who read in future years may Do you always prepare your reports

should be watched, such questions as have an accurate account of all that on time, so that your stake may be these being asked each week: Are those has been done. You will be careful properly represented in the general recwhose names appear upon the roll in about details so that your record will ords. "Do it now,"is an old but fine

attendance? Are half of them present? be as easily understood years hence as axiom to follow. We have commenced

Are twothirds of them present? it is now. For example, you will not another splendid season in M. I. A.

Threefourths? Where are the othwrite in your minutes that "Sister Great things are to be accomplished

ers? Brown"took charge of the meeting on this year under united effort, and no

a certain date, for towhile genwill everyone contribute to the one more covers study weekly program The efficient day faithful, of eral are might success the than you know whom allotted the half of to time thanmore speaking, years ten perhaps secretary. from now

is vital regular of meetings imour and

Sister will will or be dead have Brown this inportance. Counselors of charge

offithere will away; be moved new to build opportunity have anwork I. in A. M. cers to perhaps will and one no know class the leadthe teaching of powerup the refers. record whom the Northwesters efficiency. the highest to point of

a splendid have to opportunity You isIt advisable, as in suggested the Hand Associaassist Improvement Mutual in carrying 'TPHE program. our forward

Book, page 27, that class discussion If your organization is to attain suction is advancing steadily in the leaders meetings be held occasionally cess you must always be planning and Northwestern States Mission. We

44 The Improvement Era for November, 1931

have twentytwo Mutuals at present Some Helpful Material both demand eternity to right the and are contemplating the organization wrongs and level up the obstructive inof a few more. Two new ones were Immortality or Life After Death equalities of existence here.

organized recently in Helena and MisImmortality is an Apex idea. It is

soula, Montana. Everyone seems This doctrine has engaged the mind not only foundational in the philenthusiastic over the splendid Mutual of man from the beginning. Its field osophy of life, it is the domespire of

program for this year and are anxious of interest includes all mankind, enthe thought structure.

it. a completeness of partto be The the the of gaging savage the mind and

true; 'Tis 'tis certain; man, though recreational the givesof our program alike. It civilian the has been theme

retains dead, that lackingpeople been has something the of poets philosoof and problem himself; of Part the immortal mind lives.in their recent tour a During it phers. Painters have oban made

remains."in recreathe theof Mutuals Montana their jective art of prophets have andtional program was introduced by the echoed the inspiration of the Almighty—Homer.

Superintendent ofMission Y. M. M. it. in proclaiming eat, they "They drink and in com-

I. President of the L.I. A. and Y. M. mankind calls for imThe nature of sweet munion

A. Practical demonstrations were given mortality: Quaff immortality and Joys."

in each of the nine Mutuals. The Milton.

Contest Dance, Senorita Mia, was "For who to dumb forgetfulness a demonstrated and taught to a few p rey "I still live"said the departing Daniel couples in each branch. It is very This pleasing anxious being e'er reWebster.

already the peoplepopular and young signed;

is "It crossing a but breath bated with it to able rapto be pick veryseem up precincts the cheerLeft the of warm sea, surface a little white of strip of Aidly. ful day,

find the ones waiting loved the on To I. held A. Convention was M. An cast lingering look one longing, Nor

shore,in Falls the of for Great Mutuals behind:'"

beautiful, More precious more than sessionsnorthern were Montana. allTwo Grey.

held, the one in the afternoon was devoted to details of M. I. A. and deThere is a universal yearning for before."—Ella Wheeler Wilcox.

discussions.partmental various The life a the continuance of Nature and

I frail leave this existence "Whenphases the of treated being program, create that the withyearning would

I lay this mortal by, When officers the of attendingby Mutuals its for fulfilment providing out would

I Father, Mother, meet you May in assigned been advance, hadwho cruelty stand reason convicted of by royal In courts your high. on well Era, very prepared. Publicitywere to intelthe distrust sentenced of and

at length I've Then completed when discussed Finance very ably wereand ligent beings.

All sent forth to you do meas the in the departments. was Plato, work philosopher, Greek The With your mutual approbation a list still the In splendid evening program the of heads whose name Let dwell come with and me you."given, features the lifewas of were thinkers, which believed in the mortalmusical selections, short talks, double after death and was an ardent advo-—Eliza R. Snow.

quartette, a quartette.mixed and doctrine the of of immortality. The cate

of Belief The Developing Power I. song, Challenge, A.new M. The

in Immortality as a entire rendered duet thewas and be thou reasonest "It must so—Plato,

affair as a success. regarded great was well! Latterday idea Saint The of imElse whence this pleasing hope, this mortality includes a belief in the resurOutline of Program for fond desire, rection or the reuniting of the spirit

This longing after immortality, * and the body. We are to take up our

Sunday Evening Conjoint Or whence this secret dread bodies as we lay them down. The

Meeting in December Of falling into naught? Why shrinks dutybrought scars will be badges of

the soul honor, the sinbrought defects will be

Back on herself, and startles at desources of shame. Care of the physiGeneral Themes: struction? cal self is strikingly stimulated through

The Doctrine of Immortality or 'Tis the divinity that stirs within us; a belief in this doctrine.

Life After Death. 'Tis Heaven itself that points out a Our doctrine of life beyond the

Opening Exercises: hereafter grave provides for a carryover into

here.—Addison. could in- a to the greater theme. What beOn"—suited1. Singing: M. I. A. Song "Carry And intimates eternity to man."eternity of the knowledge acquired the universe of demands The equity centive for study, study, and With 2. Invocation.

life Earth long is not is faith the highest intellectual of form If 3. Music. vocal for justice to her complete solo, "I Know immortality.enough or mental development.

That My Redeemer Lives."work. Time is too short for mercy Our doctrine of the everlasting con-

4. Presentation of Slogan. to finish her task. They each and tinuance of life carries with it the idea

5. Ten minute talk on "Life Hereof rewards and penalities for earthlife

after"from a Literary and Philoconduct. By our works here we shall

sophical Point of View. Y. L. M. I. A. be known there. As we have measured

6. Twenty Minute Discourse on to others so will it be measured unto

"Immortality from a Scriptural Point us.

of View."Y. M. M. I. A. PreferThe great carryover will be charably by a returned missionary. acter. Our ciesires, our likes, our

7. Three Minute Testimony or exdevotions, our permanent individualperience concerning immortality. Y. ity and our ever changing personality

L. M. I. A. will pass on. We shall meet enjoy-

8. Three Minute Testimony or exment and endurance in proportion to

perience concerning immortality. Y. the good and the evil of our make

M. M. I. A. up when we get beyond the grave.

9. Singing—last two verses of This belief that we must meet ourhymn, "O, My Father."record, written not only in the book

10. Benediction. that our guardian angel keeps, but

The Improvement Era for November, 1931 45

duplicated in our character is a marSunday morning, October 4, 1931, by Treasures of Truth, velous incentive to right thinking and Elder Melvin J. Ballard.

living;righteous living that a includes My Story, Ballard Elder emphasized the factgratitude to to will and God good of that is to Book there The be maintained Rembrance an are these the andman, great untwo

I. in A. each M. studying group wardfolding forces spiritual the of in man. titles above npHE the course for outlined the Adult De- A state of mind that faces the aspartment. It is also desirable that a jects along genealogicalindicatelines pronow

surance eternal existence of not only in for operation the of people young genealogical be group maintained but liberty eternal eternalhut pursuit and the all Church. are in similar this They where be cannot held without

their happiness,of with accompanying all are and to designed conflict, promote the Genealogical are nature workers isresponsibilities a desirable one. faith in the inti- a Gospel and more at liberty to seek for time another

their work. mate knowledge of and interest in

Joint Statement onM. I. A. family history. They are so arranged

separate and the are for and Genealogical Work presidentElder Josephof the FieldingGenealogicalSmith,Societyvicethatdistinct.they Themay firstbe kepttwo

of stated that Utah, the Genealogical Gleaner Junior the and departments of genealogical and ward comCTAKE association entered the had Mutuals I. is L. Y. last the A. and M. named are mittees responsible, under latter's the invitation, the upon that and for the ofthe boys and young menstake presidency bishoprics of and wards the a plan night; also light saved and Lesser Priesthood.for the choosing the time for meeting of heat chapels. the ward wants He girls, All Gleaner therefore, should class the genealogicalof will enwhich genealogical class to attend Mutual their compile "Treasures of Truth"able greatest the benefit to number part, take stated, and he said there but all girls, and their Junior books, "My participation.by for reason conflict; class was no each Story."Full instructions are in given

deciding best "In time the upon these for the manuals departments to—the and

I.meet, the conwhere A. is M. is supervision in the the hands of—couldadultchooseMutual,their ownthe genealogicalcourse and the

cerned, the ward genealogical comattend it. "There should be no rival- M. I, A. officers in stakes and wards.

mittee and the M. I. A. officers should ry, no petty jealousy,"he declared. The "Book of Remembrance"

together consult with their bishopric "It is the same Church, the same Gosproject is under the direction of Bishand be guided by their decision. pel, and all work towards the same ops and supervisors of Lesser Priest-

"Those genealogical groups electing end."hood work.

to meet in connection with the adult department of the M. I. A. may do

so under the same arrangements made yearsfor previous by the general ofIDIEItfl". COAMiU N IITY3A\rH\VIIWficers organizations. of those =========================== ===== Committee

Elsie O. Robinson, T. Brandley,

Jos. F. J. To Maintain Two Groups ViceChairmenOscar A. Kirkham,; HeberClarissaC. Iverson,A. Beesley,John H.Chairmen;Taylor, DonW. Wood, Smith, Spencer

"The main outlines of this arrangeCornwall, Charlotte Stewart, GraceT. Beesley,C. Neslen,EthelKatieS. AndersonC. Jensen, Marie C. Thomas, Evangeline

ment with the M. I. A. are here reviewed. In all cases two study groups

are to be maintained, one for the study of the M. I. A. course, and one for Executives and Activity Leaders in

lessons.the the genealogical study of Activity Leaders Union MeetingsIt that be however, understood, should

first the of each month,on Tuesday executives of the I, the instructions and members in the A. TF M. nPWO

session in will joint groupsboth meet the activity leaders deeach from Hand on page Book concerning 28 project the for to study A. M. I. (except Scout BeeHive) the partment and the conduct folare Meetings at Union

month. form the Community Activity Comlowed it is believed there will be no

"Each individual member of the mittee. serious conflict.

adult department should be given the It will be noted that to this group his all to is given supervision ofopportunity make own choice recreational Opening Social, 193 i activities prefers. subject both general he departmentandand study the

"There should be no spirit of al. The general program, that is the (Ioka M. I. A.)

activity events hour and program of therivalry between members two half social opening of "pHE the Ioka M. outside the regular of meet- A. M. I. that the sucthought anygroups nor

as a I. A. this ing, call was held for at the party attention of major Lawn is a corresponding group onecess of

activities there also are the but group the some of presihome Men's Young efforts of other. the todetriment The

the rethe that within dent. social departments The with began comreinforce supplement andeach should

leaders activity supervise. spective singing, after munity may the which openSurely other. thethose of we can the recreational example, Adult For ing offered. prayer Contest was games

cooperate in attaining the same grand program; the joint M MenGleaner were played in which every one took

objective, the saving of souls. session which should become an activpart and a very pleasant evening was

(Signed) Pres. A. W. Ivins ity rather than a "lesson"each month; spent. At 10:30 a fire was built and

parties, travall Junior MenGleaner enjoyed a "weiner roast."Melons

etc.; George Albert Smith Melogues, periods, story telling and also served. were

Ruth May Fox incidental recreational activities which At 11:30 the party was dismissed

"In behalf of the Genealogical Somay arise in any department. by prayer and all departed for their

all it is In of understood this work I.ciety A. of the and of Utah, the M. feeling homes good had a they had

that there close should be cooperation. Christ Latterday of of JesusChurch time.

is the division responsibility of While

Saints."Girls, the Gleaner was given A prize indicated, leaders should together work

The above statement was read in and be able to assume one another's for paying the largest percent of their a joint M. I. A. Officers'meeting held positions if necessary. Team work is fund. The Adult Class won the prize

in the Assembly Hall, Salt Lake City, greatly to be desired in the M. I. A. for the best stunt.

46 The Improvement Era for November, 1931

sons. First, because we live in a

Church which realizes the importance is the that life, and of a temporal IT ID IE IPA A IRT/H IE N the Latterday thing marks which - Committee ==ID IU off religious other groups, Saints from

Dr. Arthur L. Beeley and Ann M. Cannon, Chairmen; Dr. Joseph F. Merrill, Dr. Franklin S. which devote themselves only to the

Harris, Lewis T. Cannon, Dr. Lyman L. Daines, Rose W. Bennett, life hereafter.

Emily H. Higgs, Emily C. Adams, Charlotte Stewart This health movement is a means

to an end, and the end is the abundant life for the greatest possible number of principle, people. that is our And if cents each and a to contribute fewClass Periods in bers the promotes then whatever abundant class. the can books for They buy the

life the Saints for in a temporal way out be loaned week to then week bythe Adult Department in idea, included is, according to my to are class asked the members who to It the of seems Wisdom. Word superintendent a ward topics assigned preparation on makeRECENTLY the task getting of that have we Office that class. General the in the for discussion book me reported to The

inideas these translated fundamental care to is not did language simplest in the and written department adulthis literally life; to community woven inunderstandingly any read To be book can by on the How classworkbegin

social the to organization. fabric of our it was class can student. grade questioning him seventh TheLive. On

learned that neither the superintendbe handled successfully by any teacher The Adult Committee has agreed on ent, his teachers, nor the members of who knows how to teach adults, even the question of continuing its program the Adult Department had even seen though this teacher has no special of health projects. We have reprinted

the book or the Outlines written by knowledge of the subject matter of Chapter XXV of last year's manual the General Board to accompany the the book. The Outlines published by in this little "Study Outline"in order

use of the book, much less read either. the Board to accompany the book give that you might have all of the work

This superintendent reported that his full directions on how any good teachfor this year in compact form.

class wanted to study some gospel suber can handle the class with great sucWe might select one project and ject. He was surprised to learn that cess. center our attention in that field as a

the subject of class discussion this year worthy base of applied religion. We

last bacteriolothe talked year aboutis the Word on of Wisdom—certainly Projects the text that is interested these things in Gospel gist, who theme—and

excomplete a very necessity germs. bewas of its Live The ToHowa (Extracts from an address given by called

position of the principles taught in the Dr. Arthur L. Beeley before the Adult ing clean and free from disease, and

Word of Wisdom. His people had Department, June Conference, 1931.) the dispensing of milk is no longer an

just concluded, without any examinaindividual matter in a community tion whatsoever and with knowing litAST year, you will remember, we where we live so close to each other. matthe subject about suggestion thattle was make nothing or we proAnother that the citizenship suggested

care did not that they to a local health find exbook, survey the outter of discussion parallel the jects of comto use it. Our Church people have munity health and hygiene and that actly whether our loved ones are dying

many times complained that they were the first Tuesday of each month be deunnecessarily or prematurely. You

nothknew people who bycondemned it not Does them.ing about seem votedecute certainto a consideration,projects withof howregardto exto babiescan't havedie beforeabundantthey lifeare ifa yearthe littleold.

strange, then, that our people would community living and in respect to We must use our common sense then.

strongly of study, possibilityobject to a course without to them, comrecommended an insure,health.thatYouthe willlast chapterremember,in thistoo, bookI am Weof creatingeven talkeda healthaboutunit thein some

vestigation of this course of study? was a series of community health promunities, that is, a little unit of service,

Certainly the objectors were not aware jects. Six projects are outlined in public health service. The public

that this course of study carries the great detail; and are merely suggestive health officers are social workers, and

the General of these the the duties people recommendation have andspecial others of might which you we hoped

PresiGeneral the to and regard health problems and withSuperintendency select. stakes wards and made Some

of flyleaf (see in sanitation. is the tendency Thatdency of M. I. A. real vision us a the ventures gave which

Supplement to How To Live.) of the possibilities. America, and the tendency in the best

Certainly every normal person is The slogan this year is that we places. We even undertook to improve

vitally interested in his health. Withstand for physical, mental and spiritual the modern sewerage systems because

out it he can give but little service to health through observance of the Word there are many contagious diseases the Church and can get but little enof Wisdom. It is explicitly stated that which still prevail in various parts of

joyment out of life. The Word of the Word of Wisdom is for the temthe community where diseases spread

Wisdom was given to the Church as a poral welfare of the Saints, which is because of faulty sewerage systems.

guide to the maintenance of health. very, very important, for many reaThere are communities even in our of Wisdom of the Word keepingThe there are (I hope no reown places, of the every memberis enjoined upon porters the present) outdoor, where

Church. is still use. in privy things Those course the "sold"on to be order In should be changed. I think one no adult the for this year offered studyof

will ever forget the the things people an for necessary it is onlydepartment individual or a committee to give a in the Pioneer stake have done in careful reading to the book How To cleaning up an area in this city of ours

Live. The M. I. A. believes that it is which many people thought was hopeoffering to the adult classes in the less from the standpoint of cleanliness.

Church this year not only the best, (See Adult Dept. of Feb., 1931 Era. j

but the most interesting course of We feel that the Adult Department study that has ever been offered. of the Mutual Improvement AssociaEach class should own from three tion can be the greatest force in the

to six copies of the book. One way community where we are in majority

to get these copies is for the class memin this matter of health. We have

.

The Improvement Era for November, 1931 47

here an agency by which we can make our love felt. We have heard somestories this year of how the Mutual GILIEANIEIK GIIIRJIS DEIRMTMENT

Association toImprovement went a: Committee said,public health physician and

"Here, we think this thing is importMargaret N. Wells, Chairman, Rachel G. Taylor, Martha G. Smith, Lucy W. Smith,

ant enough to be changed."It seems Katie C. Jensen

to me suggestions of this nature are effective and usually get results.

How much more effective it is in business to have an organization repreThe Project Testimony of asented exspeak committee and by 'J. President Grant Heber I usebeen printed have very VHERE

itselfpress rather to have than John ful picture pedigree pedigree and the beauties the of of Gospel I"REALIZE call the doctor say and "You're upDoe all charts will Gleaners which hope we * I Christ. rejoice Jesus a exceedingly inall get wet."doesn't anywhere. That

fill in picobtain with and names and of the divinity in the knowledge of work if after organization, conanBut due their tures kin. charts of can I These are rejoice engaged. in which we knowsideration facts, the respectof speaks

all gifts the ing that graces at every be the and obtained and General OfBoard officialfully the to public appropriate privilege blessing has power, and which fice, at price the of If 5c for both.

likely are to action, get oncewe we ever the Saints enjoyed been of by God a local not have do photographer, you thisstart Citizenship! of road Adult on in the dispensation of Gospel any upon the will in a satisfactory be done work

lot to a things yet do, the are earth, have of Latthe and enjoyed today byWe manner Photo Acme by Company,

I rejoice in terday Saints. that is the knowing Christianity kindapplied only

St., 7 Salt East 45 4th South Lake things the the enjoyed, be should which salt. is its Christianity thatof worth City, the Materials Photo and by Utah blessings, the healing of Almighty power little a child best to love way The West South 27 Temple Company, Spirit inspiration the his of God, whereby is it disease, free to the keep and from

Street, Salt pictures City. manifestations Lake have and Kodak from men women

isbest to to love neighbor your way the inspiration the Spirit of him, of God, pictures or quality mounted on good life;see rich long, that a he has and people tongues, speak whereby with new paper, of taken old magazines, from

is individual, health,that a matter of thereof, the interpretation and and have suitable will for be pages of your many is the thingand That community. gift, each every are grace enjoyed and and "Treasures of Truth."

is citizenship the these Saints. Latterdaythat toda"underlying by

I. the A. Priesthood-M. Where feelprojects. that it only is not lives, that "I know We God

are meetings held in connection with I Jesus, this Christ, is the to another continueimportant know I thatknowJosephthatyear, but that we might find ourselves the M. I. A., thus preventing M Men Smith was a Prophet of God, I know

on the threshold of a new day in from being present during the entire that the Gospel tree is alive, that it is that the fruits at growing, the the Gospel of joint period MenGleaner M life, to so in Christianity our own tree are the I growing upon good. have session, carry Gleaners should forward is it I the that believe speak. don't

I reached the hand, out plucked have my as etiquette lessons the for scheduled to the of of keepbusiness out Church I fruits the of Gospel, eaten have of them first the in each month. Tuesday is life. it busiourpublic Probably are sweet, all and they yea, that above the the of For November month politics,ness but to of party keep out is is sweet. that the inspiration That

calls Project for "Testimonies which it is get to every realcomes into to Latterday business Saint comour who munity life, and I can't see for the have strengthened you."(See page izes the force of this Gospel that we have

1 7 give of Gleaner is Manual.) It espoused. Gospe.1 the Christ. Jesus of We life can apply soul of we and how me

is It life the plan the of herein salvation. testimony of President and Heber God getting of without the Wisdom Word

lives; is is Jesus the Christ, the and girl J. feeling that Grant, sure every I questions. these into community chief corner stone this great of like her "Treasto have would among work—hehe life see the soul of for can't and me is it, directing will to continue and he this ures beautiful of conTruth"and it the temporal be should notwhy it. direct chose his prophet, he He and the vincing entestimony. In book are conthat Saints the welfare of we gave instructions to him authority and

titled the Divinity of of "Testimonies finest establish this the have the work; cerned and with now. and power We

opportunity to translate these facts, the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterthe influence of Joseph Smith are now bethese truths into action, and so to arday Saints,"by Samuel O. Bennion ing felt as the Angel promised. His name

is for the all testimonies or evil for Cardon, E. Joseph good and known over life general comthe of our range

the is world; evil but for not the leaders the founders known of of and a chance have people that ourmunity except those by malign him. whoit Those if available. are Obtain, posChurch life, physically, mentalfor abundant him, those his who of know who know sible, the personal testimonies your of ly, spiritually. and teachings, life that his know pure was parents, will in to years which come his that and teachings were, deed, in very

the invaluable to you. Tell be how law. God's Simple*and Sound testimonies gathered have have you the life have of plan salva- "We and

for written strengthened Survey May, you. and 1931) (From Your tion; the have we ordinances the of Gosof testimony you know, why pel not the for only living the for but /COMMUNITY HEALTH this believe, great LatterAND orsigned dead. you all why have that is necessary, not We *-> HYGIENE: A Study Course is for the the of our salvation, Lord, only day that but work work own we

for the Adult Department of the M. should be included in your book. may be in very deed "Saviors upon Mount

I. A. Prepared by Lyman Luther Testimonies that add to our strength Zion,"and enter into the temples of our

save ancestors and our God died have Daines and Arthur who Beeley. Lawton the those are of Joseph Prophet Smith

a without knowledge of the Gospel. the Published General of by Boards to Witnesses the Eight and Three and

is "There other no people love who the Salt I. A., City, Y. M. M. Lake of leadthe Gleaner Book Mormon. their Lord as the Latterday do God Utah. Price a $.50 250 pp. copy ers their prepare "Treasmust own give such absolute evidence Saints—whothe a or postpaid dozen $4.50 by if The ures to their they books of love of Truth"hope of acts, their by the God by

Survey. inspire their girls to their best efforts. sacrifices they make, by the labors they

"This 250page syllabus presents in perform, by the diligence with which they concentrated form and from truststrive to serve God and keep his comworthy sources the essentials of permandments. There is no other people to

is there where found of brothas much sonal a be health and community with erly love, real of will, harmony and good simplicity degree directness of and not a desire bless to and their as fellows, can as in conveniently found other any be found the among Latterday Saints.

publication intended for men and There are, over two thousand men, in (Continued on page 50) nearly all parts of the world, proclaim48 The Improvement Era for November, 1931

ing this Gospel of Jesus Christ; they are

neglecting their business, they are separatfriends, their families, their fromed from all that is m JUNIOR GURUS DEPARTMENT ones, their from lovedfromnear and dear to the natural heart of man,—Committee ===== jn-- are performing they the labor whichand

S. Knowlton, Laura P. Nicholson, Chairman; Agnes Julia S. Baxter, Emma Goddard, of reis of love, hope without a labor C. Katie Jensen

life. in this whateverward

"I want to bear witness that no man or woman ever lived, who kept the commandments of God and lived according to the teachings of the Gospel of Jesus

Christ, whose example was not worthy of the imitation of all men and all women, in any land, and in any clime. This Gospel of Jesus Christ, which I have embraced, is in very deed the plan of life

and salvation. It is in very deed the Gospel revealed again to the earth. It is the

same Gospel that was proclaimed by our

Lord and Master, Jesus Christ; and he

gave his life in testimony of the same. And

the lives of our Prophet and Patriarch were given as a witness to the divinity of the work in which we are engaged. For

a hundred years this Gospel has been proclaimed to the world without money, without price. Freely we have received,

and freely we have given to the world."

(From Testimonies of the Divinity of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints, pages 61, 62.)

Course of Study Junior Girls of Cannon Ward.

npHE Gleaner course of study, "Histhat things the to are obedient "If we affords tory of the Church,"a here, will learn have will we won- A Certain Way to Health we class leaderderful for the opportunity to use her ingenuity in presenting these and Beauty safe guide through the tunnels and in to health lead our caves that good interin a Gleanerslessons the to most

Positive Teachings journey."keepmanner,esting worthwhile and

sparingly. very 1. Eat meat girls in the accompanyshown this The of the objectiveing before them

liberally. fruit 2. fresh Eat are Ward. ing picture from Cannon hearts i, e., their incourse, to implant

faith and testimonies in this great Lat- 3. Eat fresh and cooked vegetables Pioneer stake, and together, of their

regularly. following they accord, made the and leadter-day own and its founders work

Eat grains (ground whole) in Girls of Piopledge: the Junior reading "We, we 4. supplementaryers. For

suggest the following books: bread or porridge daily. neer stake, pledge ourselves that we

"Life of Joseph Smith,"by George Drink water, fruit juices, grain shall touch neither tea, coffee, tobacco

Q. Cannon. extracts or milk in abundance. nor liquor unless we are all together

regularly, early 6. eveSleep from it."all to agree and Smith,"by his of Joseph "Life

early to morning. ning in girl the individual each Can Smith.mother, Lucy

steadily 7. regularly and Labor resolve withto be encouraged Church History,"in "Essentials by Church mind. and with body the in herself to part of keep some Fielding Smith.Joseph 8. a attitude correct Secure mental is finds she which of Wisdom Word of by Heart Mormonism,""The faith, charity. and hope -—-have tea, difficult? coca particularly Iced

John Henry Evans. 9. Seek and practice the truth of cola and coffee may be very attractive

"One Hundred Years of Mormonreligion. to her, and those things are the ones

ism,"by John Henry Evans. Negative Teachings from which she should abstain. The

"Our Church and People,"by John Drink no alcoholic beverages. things we dislike offer little temptaHenry Evans. 2. Use no tobacco. tion; it is against alluring things we

For the month of November, Dis- 3. Drink no tea or coffee. must fight.

cussions Five and Six, including Chap- 4. Avoid refined foods.

ters 11 to 17 inclusive, will be given. Rewards of the Word of Wisdom Course of Study

1. Beauty and in deparallel history, but moreA

Body. Health of attractiveness. PHE subject for discussion this seachapters,tail, be 2. these can covering

found in "Life of Joseph Smith,"by 3. Mental Efficiency. son in the Junior Class is "BuildGeo. Q. Cannon, pages 106222 and 4. Immunity from Disease. ing a Life,"and each lesson prepared

in "One Hundred Years of Mormon- 5. Spiritual joy and understanding. should be a part of the great whole,

ism,"by John Henry Evans, pages History of the Word of Wisdom not a subject in itself. To discuss

135220. In the "Heart of Mor- 1. Promulgated in 1833 by the exercise, beauty, or any other topic

monism,"which is one of the text Prophet Joseph Smith as a revewithout tying it up to the thought of books for Church seminary work, in lation from God. building it into life's structure is to

chapters 25 to 30 inclusive, will be 2. Practiced since then, by the Latlessen the importance of the topic

found some real helps on the lives of terday Saints, as a religious itself, and detract from the splendid our early leaders and their powerful principle. idealism of the course. In preparing

testimonies. Refer to Doctrine and your presentation for Tuesday night.

Covenants'footnotes for source of rev- /\F "A certain way to health and Leaders, keep in mind the big, overelations given and make clea* all points beauty,"Dr. John A. Widtsoe shadowing thought of building a life

of doctrine. of the Council of the Twelve, said, and in the realization that you can

The Improvement Era for November, 1931 49

help these girls to make theirs more full and beautiful you will find inspiration which will strengthen you BIEIEIH ll\V|E.Gil IRJIS DEPARTMENT

to do your best. Committee

The Project Sarah R. Cannon, Chairman, Catherine Folsom, Vida F. Clawson, Glenn J. Beeley,

Marie C. Thomas

Lands My Parents Came From TN order that the greatest interest in this be lesson may I.

careful forethought assignment and had, very Placing Bee Hive Girls A.,the Generalwe feel Presidencythat it wouldof thebe Y.inadvisableL. M.

must be made. Entering M. I. A. to make an arbitrary ruling to the effect

I hear you say, "My parents were /JIRLS entering M. I. A. at 12 years ofthatageall shouldgirls of attendtwelve theandPrimarythirteen Assoyears

born in this very town or city, there of age are expected to take the ciation, or to the effect that they should interesting to tell isn't anything be enrolled about in the Mutuals. prepared for work those enall Nymphs;

it."inof There are many pictures "It tering that the parents of is our judgment at 13 or 14 years of age should

teresting landmarks and buildings of work as Builders in the Hive. Girls the twelve and thirteen year old girls

city, the past of almost or in case should town each any individual the assume enter at years 14 who encourbe may responsibility if of these deciding of which are lookingwhereby backward we aged in to remain the BeeHive Departtheir organizations daughters two should interest historic lendthey denote and ment another year finish to the two attend."facts. pictures that been have The ranks; it otherwise be would comin picturtheappearing Desert In of the News, view above, advise we mendable the on part of the BeeKeep-

city ing officers Salt the that past, I. Lake, the of of the ward L, Y. M. ers if they assist would these girls to

interesting. are very A. Primary, and the direction under complete the in ranks two year, one or

officers, the of stake shall together earn the rank of people your such have Gatherer some during the Do ascertain at girls once there many how summer months.pictures?

are in each ward who are not now this to an opportunity Wouldn't be attending either organization that and Jan. 9th, 1931. invite fathers of our mothers some and girls such where are their found, parthe Officers of To L. the Y. M. I. tell to as conditions and come you A. ents consulted as be to organizawhich and Primary Association. they existed girls they or were when tion desire they to attend. Frethem

Sisters: Dear boys. inquiry beforehand there By quently surveys this of nature should

may be found material for some splenIn response to our many inquiries be made jointly by Y. L. and Primary

did discussions concerning the reasons regarding the 1213 yearold girl, will officers. This proviso is made, howwhy your parents left their native state that we have received the followever, that no girl who has not passed

land, if they did so. ing letter from the First Presidency her 12th birthday by Sept. 30th of

These lessons having been assigned of the Church: each year shall be admitted into the

"After thoroughly L. considering Y. the M. I. A., but shall be held until it ahead, a week may stimulate inproblem presented in letters of December the following season.

terest to have the book 4th, "My Story"1929, and March 13th, 1930, by passed in class so that all may see We further advise that Primary Asthese interesting pictures, and compare sociation officers make every effort to their work with their companions. Calendar keep the girls in the Primary Association until are they 14. L. Y. M. It create a great deal would of fun

I. officers 3 A. solicit November should atnot the girls the for their class to to in come

girls tendance of already enrolled in dress mother's she which wore when 8: Cellmaking and the it is Primary. Nymphs—Guide But understood

girl. all let a girls the do Homebuilding. Above that girls wherever are eager join to

8: Planned telling this by Beelesson. the in of most the the and Mutual are willing, parents KeeperBuilders—Guide and Girls.

so. be allowed to do 8: Planned by BeetheyReading Course KeeperGatherers—Guideand Girls. for girls these of Work ages will be

deeply a Committee apprewe AS November 10 providedciation andin inboththetheY. PrimaryL. M. I.Asso-A. ciate in our the manner which Nymphs—Guide 9: Cellmaking and We further recommend that whereReading Course Book "Larry"is being Homebuilding.

girls the of girls received. readafter 12 and 13 are admitted Very many Builders—Guide 9: The Word of the under a above it to provisions sent into the dear ing it have boy Wisdom.

friend in the mission field. We feel Gatherers—Guide 9: Life of the M. I. A. that they be properly chapsure that every boy and girl who reads Bee. eroned by their own parents or some

and studies the book carefully and November 17 other responsible person, and that they prayerfully will have his or her ideals be discouraged from attending evening enhanced and have desires to live more Nymphs—Guide 10: Cellmaking parties.

rejoice like that he and "Larry."We sisters, Sincerely your Builders—GuideHomebuilding. 10: Safeguard real flesh a blood character and was Fox, Health. Ruth May

loved so dearlyand and honored was G.: Diet. Lucy Cannon, Gatherers—Guide 1

people of Arizona withby the good Clarissa Beesley, A.

whom he was privileged to live for a November 24 General Presidency, short have weeks. met some few We Y. L. M. I. A.

all testify they recently and of them Nymphs—Guide 1 1: Christmas ProMay Anderson, gram.

: Safeguard Health Isabelle S. Ross, that the character given of him in Builders—Guide 1 1

the book is not the least bit exag- (Continued.) Edna H. Thomas,

gerated. Gatherers—Guide 1 1: Family Meals. General Superintendency,

(Continued on page 50) Primary Association.

50 The Improvement Era for November, 1931

or scene, street a to represent 12 made No. two way: TakeAwards following

is possible made hall. This thread, filled a banquet and with beadneedles

L)EEHIVE emblems and awards befasten the ends of both securely to a by the way in which the screens are long to BeeHive activities. These single bead. On each thread string painted and the angle at which they

should never be given to any girl five beads, or more if the beads are are set.

except those who earn them according small, and then carry both threads Properties are added to complete the to the requirements as stated in the through a single bead. Again take design. For example, the screens

BeeHive Handbook. the same number of beads on each might be arranged to show the enclosthread and carry the threads through a ing walls of a dining room. The

The Life of the Bee singleprocessbead,untilanda chainso on,ofrepeatingthe desiredthe propertieschairs, tableware,would beetc. the dining table,

are sets ways. folding They two give us Question. some in you Could prepared by been has of the BeeA REVIEW of Maeterlinck's Life length is completed. These screens are hinged together strips covered long of staging play? of wood made our for the is at ideas and Board, on sale the General

the General Offices, at 15c per copy. The scenery we have is all worn out with canvas on both sides and painted

Guide IX (Foundation Cell No. 7 and we must keep the cost at a miniand decorated so that both sides are

for Gatherers) to be considered Demum. used. Sets of screens are lashed tocember 1st, calls for a reading of the Answer. The M. I. A. Community gether. Lashing is much like the

book or the review. Encourage the Activity Manual, page 200204, gives lacing of a shoe. Doors and windows

girls to do this reading befqxe the some excellent suggestions. are made in separate forms which fit

date named, so that they can help to Victor E. Daines gives the followin casings or openings in the set.

make the lesson period more interesting: The use of screens has a great ading. "The method I suggest is the use vantage over the constructed and more

of the portable sets of screens, ingencomplex set, but the use of the cyin the that Manual, as explained so clorama, designed and decoratedNymphs iously satisfactory. to be be entirely arrangements they has proven can by various

DROGRAM for The Nymphs. A

Supplement to the BeeHive Girls sale at for is ready and Handbook the Adult Department Continuedpagefrom4 7 Each copy. office per at 25c general

Keeper of the Nymphs will need one women of American communities. The presented a revolution in personal and

of these splendid little books. It will authors have combined the presentacommunal conduct would occur withnot be necessary for the girls to have tion of medical and social information out the penalties of arms or propaany. from the best authorities used for uniganda. There is one omission that

Awards for The Nymphs are seals versity teaching and professional pracmight well be remedied in another ediwith a beehive emblem, one to be tice the length and breadth of this tion, namely the lack of any consideragiven a month to each girl who attends country. The General Boards of tion of the effect upon health of the

at least three meetings during the Young Men's and Young Ladies'Muuse of habitforming drugs, including month and takes an interested part in tual Improvement Associations of the alcohol and the narcotics of the morthe activities of the group. Cards Latterday Saints are to be heartily phine and cocaine series.

will be prepared and and furcongratulatedhave been upon so courageous

If "Haven Emerson, M. D."to which Board, pamphlet. General effective an educational nished by the

these seals may be affixed and become one adult in each home in the United (Dr. Emerson is recognized as one

a part of the girl's record of awards States really understood and acted upon of the outstanding authorities in the earned. the precious knowledge of health here field of public health.)

Bee Hive Handcraft QUESTION. Could you tell mc Junior Girls Department Continuedpagefrom49

about the first use of baskets?

Answer. The first use made of the Read the following opinion of Larthe girls to do. Problems and obstacles

basket was probably as a cover for ry by one Mutual girl who has read are incentives to help the girls in watergourds, to protect them from and studied good books ever since her their learning. Who has not heard a

being so easily broken when the early early childhood: girl answer, "Well, I will, I'll show

of give opinion "I asked to was that such told such my you,"and when anto place one tribes from moved is one 'Larry.'only word the There book that a thing for her or hard was too other. describes that and in vocabulary my it. she Direct couldn't that comdo only not the basket became In time It is carries 'perfect.'such that humanit

the commonest domestic utensil, but interest, such real philosophy of every day bativeness for our cause not against its use was extended to all social and living that one is overwhelmed at the it. Mr. Kilpatrick says that to amuse

the Larry, sense boy, of amount common functions. religious is a spoil interest to one and way the It appeals to only possessed. not are needed tools Question. What

excite person. without amuse, fathers defolks and but mothers To young bead work? start with out one to

it the living again reading light in and is it is worthless, indeed growth worse for a directions give me youWould youth. of pathos

of it fixes the habit that than because in bead work? simple problem are made and manhood "Boyhood

Answer. The tools needed are simsplendid by him. Girlhood and womanselfishness. Witness the habitual cardfirst Girls, reverence. his are the honored easily by obtained. hood For ple and It a player, theatregoer. develops

the one than task be could what thread and linen strong someproblems life critical attitude without toward ideals, inleaves become for Larry sufficient. are a us—tosweeter beadneedles 12 No.

inspirations the to other centives and hundesire to developing the needed work be price size and of may any Beads their living of dreds make Larrys—to it. supply kindergarten about something and do at any So purchased we perfect lives influence."our by more

store, or department store where art need to work toward growth in sinsold. material for cerity dependability through our Junior and Leaders Thoughts

beginning for problem A goodis just for rather lessons than amusement art practice the of creatto need X 7"E is T very chain. for a beads stringing A

* the or to pass time interest away. thing in the ing want the we in effective chain be made may

The Improvement Era for November, 1931 51

4iMan or Machine MadeContinuedpagefrom23 crease is shown, from 21% in gifted ones the arts of sightsing- obvious that we must provide op1922 to 20% in 1928. In ining or of instrumental performportunities for those that live on

strumental music the enrollment ance. "Instead,"they say, "teach these various levels. Democracy

increased from 3% in 1922 to rote singing and appreciation must assure equality of opportu- 4.5 % in 1928, a gain of fifty perthrough much listening to good nity for all. It cannot guarantee

cent, due, no doubt, to the inmusic."equality of achievement.

crease in the number of school bands and orchestras. XTOW, what do they mean by \T7'HILE some interpret the old

The new survey on "Entrance this term, "appreciation?"truism, 'We learn by doing"

Credits and College Courses in MuSurely, there are levels of appreas meaning that "We develop taste sic"conducted by our own Reciation just as there are degrees of by tasting"they also seem to trust search Council and published by skill. No one would deny that optimistically that the finer appre-

a baseball observing for the the men Adthe National Bureau just will Topgrow-—like greater pleasderive game in football be Music, should ofvancement taste art the for better or ciationssy—"that

a fine ure, get thrills from more supervisor, high of everythe hands grows the by seeing good art—that Beplay than the women. superintenWhy? principal, schoolschool appreciation of better music grows

dent and college president. While cause they have played the games by hearing good music."This is

spectaare the themselves! inthe it is note to encouraging Who true, probably but doubts who at tennis or at golf bowland of tors liberal recognitioncreasingly that process the accelerated can be

billiard tournaments? ing The and it is disheartening colleges, inmusic training? Else, classby have why amateurs! libin the that, most evento find es in literature English the when the of these, 3eral than fewer of a attended conson % When my mechanics are reading of mastered

college students make any contact cert of the Chicago Orchestra last in the elementary grades?

whatsoever with the School of week, he was more interested in the

Music. horn section than he was in HeiThis raises another question infetz, the soloist. You have guessed troduced by the champions of

"training It for utilization."the plays French the the cause the in find will answer—heY7"OU quite possible be to teach the would profesand amateur Horn! The still exists in that many apathy appreciation literature of rote audience, by that violinists sional of I music. schools towardhigh Indeed, memorization. learn to attentive doubt, were more why no city in a a ago, weeks fewfound,

all to at read a hear the can when we Heifetz. on layman was The organpopulation, noof 200,000 finest readers, orators the dramatic and appreciation, level of lower whatever instruction musical ized over actors the radio? study a critic highthe on composer and Why junior six high thein of one any mathematics level. the elementary er, beyond if intellectual James more perfuncthe mostschools only and processes, accountants is and to when connoisseur apt says that "A school. senior high in sort thetory use bankers calculators? mechanical inart dryly of a and judge work is allowed, credit whereAgain, teach foreign to so languages tellectually, bodily with no and Why the or toward entranceeither on large a is percentage proof, school of thrill."high howno This

is it all often degree, too college girls boys learn intellectual so appreciation ever, and to that few when hissubjects, theoretical limited to or speak these read them, because even be taught, not when no should appreciation, withtory and to foreign illiterates in emotionally rarely tongues respond function or apfor practicalcredit whatever plied music. This means credit for aesthetic stimuli. their real lives, during or after

knowing all about Beethoven but school days?

none for playing his music, which f")N this disputed question, we a better authorfind could not credit for is like knowing real getting or question is whether,HE Chicago Uni- /T of Judd, Dr. but none for ity than Shakespeare all about is vital selfexpression to not

reading his works! versity. He says: complete living. It does seem vital

to all living organisms. sunto The here but little time We have reactions of an emotional "The sun, still turns indiflower the as to toward what in arguments indulge identical are not enjoys music vidual who

constitutes true appreciation. Some with the reactions of the individual who but the plant in the cellar decays.

authorities, including Bobbitt, the is producing music. Acts of skill are difThe fish in subterranean streams

lost their eyes because they curriculum expert of Chicago Uniferentjoyment;fromhowemotionalthen, can skillresponsescontributeof ento have

versity, contend that, since meemotional responses? By the fact that recould not use them in the dark.

chanical music is now available to actions contribute to discrimination. The The mole has no use for ears. We

is tones skillful in producing person who acquirnecessity of all the without the sense at smell posof marvel his tones discriminating in is aided by vast the performance, skill in ing sessed animals wild some and by raises skill! thus in production Training

majority will become utilizers the emotional reactions to a higher level said once to have been possessed by rather than producers of music. of appropriateness to the situation. The man. What we fail to use, we lose!

"If homemade musk no longer personity in whoits productionhears musichasbutemotionshas no abilbut Will the pushbutton age render functions,"they say, "we can no applies them with less discrimination than our hands useless? A friend of

longer afford to teach these skills does the trained musician."mine foresees a human race with

to all."They conclude, therefore, but one finger—a protuberance, that it is a waste of time, money Since there are levels of apprerather—fit only for pushing butand effort to teach any but the few ciation and levels of skill, it seems tons. I think I can best express

52 The Improvement Era for November, 1931

my feelings on this subject by the music. It is complete from lowest

GRAYSON RANCH following poem: bass to highest treble. Pitch and

(Subdivision) tone are quality built into inthis 4 chances no take If qualify, you can you all others dethese your Music making living and a growingby strument—in

Utah. County, in job own San Juan ideal the pend upon conception and experience. farm have some had Must like, be the world what would my o I cash. skill the of performer. $1000.00 at have pianc Must The dears, 80 on payment half $600.00 for downleast all opens the to door fenced, will be been, If land, which best acres of never had Music music—infire free wheat, to seeded acres 10 ears, strumental is It vocal. all that and our If smote of the the persounds water. wood, community din? noise but and nothing Were proand to cabin fect accompaniment the a build will $400.00 human

were singing bird If ev'ry mute implements. vide fitting glorito the mate ol site the in Town lot 1 acre voice—a air sweetened A melody No each with free given will be Grayson ous of Song.""Queen These flute violin, harp, or or Of purchased. acres 80 | school life it attributes unique fair? and as quite ideal be house the meeting S. make Would L. D. An

= inches 19 stone. native of built be can the world would what And be like, my the of medium the amateur and from wells Water precipitation. annual friends,

2 feet. 75 25 to "Instrument of the Immortals!"

If a hear? soul never could I folder, HOLE for LOOP THE Send But, is already scientist the derichest blends If of harmonies Address OUT.

jjI Ut. Monticello, P. O. Gammeter, Emil dullard's the a veloping ear? only superinstrument Touched that

What waste of symphony sublime, destined to reproduce the qua: idesis

understood, If nobody with tune or time of all these instruments syntheticfelt aglow Nor

Would life be quite as good? ally. For musical tone is vibration. electricity. the world be like, at It requires So is PEWS And last,what would to prophet no foresee the perfection

If voices all grown dumb?

still of the as Theraminvox, now from Music No hadheard—save the past crude PULPITS as set the first Marconi comliving Since all were hands numb!

Nay! far more sweet the music played pared with a modern radio. By

oft, at faltering best Tho'extending the principle electricof CHAIRS eager a lad maid, or beaming an By ally induced vibration, a thousand life blest! rich Folding, and make To

Kindergarten times more responsive than meOpera and chanical vibration, shall achieve we we, then, downheartbe Office, Church and Store CHALL Bank, ranges pitch, of new shades color of Fixtures are told that ed? While we and degrees of intensity undreamed Salt Lake Cabinet & 'The Machine always wins,"no of heretofore!

Fixture Company ane here would willingly go back

Street 32 Richards been very close to a celprices to the "good old days."The ma- T HAVE us for Write

chine is here to stay. It is our privebrated radio engineer and inilege and our duty to learn how ventor who has been working for

best to use it. Machinemade muten years on the invention of a synsic is flooding our homes; millions thetic organ that shall command

ties. keyboard, A universal comtoday thousands with as compared When Your are receiving musical impressio..:? these new tones, colors and intensimanding every quality of strings, a fewer few years now, ago. Even

or brass, atwood-wind cent in will produce one per America than this new synthetic music. concerts. they are public Home Burns tend But A new

listening to music. Let us push world of tone shall be opened unto

ears! certain amount a There's a challenge to What our the curour the other button—reverse fire creative should that to imaginations! comfort know the cycle—conver: of rent—complete that tonight here, schools, in our destroy your home And waitexpressions! into these impressions

for our sympathetic guidance, you are covered by Fire Insur- I say ing Shall I shock you when is that vast of nearly thirty army ance. instrumusical the traditional that

ments we use today may be obsomillion children! This youth of Such insurance will indemnify lete in the next generation, postoday is "handhungry"—eager

for something stimulating, exhilarloss incurred the for you lifetime? and sibly in our The own

ating, thrilling to do! Compared to rebuild your home allow you rest violinist's one day may bow

its without financial hardship. in the museum with the bow of with my own childhood, with

chores, innumerable the youngsters to deal It's a good worth the beside oboe archer—the of today responsibilities. have few times. in these this protection the trumpet with have theshofar—the there are True, "places more to go"in town. your agent our See the clumsy horn. hunting How

faster there, and getting of ways itself that around bass tuba wraps its victim like an octopus! How but many of these are roads to ruin. UTAH HOME FIRE ludicrous the prestigitating antics

. and the INSURANCE CO. of the slide trombonist

bass viol player scratching the back

HEBER J. GRANT & CO. of his bullfiddle!

General Agents The piano is still the king of instruments. It is the only practical

20 South Main Street home instrument upon which a

Salt Lake City, Utah single player can express himself simultaneously in rhythm, melody and harmony, the basic elements of

The Improvement Era for November, 1931 53

'M-The happy home life of yesterdayman-made music lies in your -ii ii n n iiII 'itl - is said to be in danger of breaking hands! There is no doubt whatFelt Co. that, Broadway out of four mind to ever Parents mustdown. be made in my

9919 Was. Broadway I 106 West if students, schoolsee million high these dangers urged and to make PEERY HOTEL BUILDING

sacrifices, if necessary, to encourage given a choice between taking mutheir children to cultivate the exsic, thus taught, and certain tradiMakers of Everything in pressive arts. tionally required subjects, more Felt

It is your responsibility to conthan half would choose music if it M. I. A.

DESIGNS, BANNERS, SLOGANS, accredited. equally Thisvert officials are were school your who

I SENIOR LETTERS, INSIGNIA, increaseindifferent the number would to now I only music when PENNANTS, JACKETS, VESTS, If every tenfold! it studying music are eager not.they They know COVERS, CHAIR STENCILS, j TABLE

for suggestions. They are recepgirl could realize the value of her I LADIES'WEAR, BASKETBALL

tive as never before. voice as a personality asset, less time i SUITS, SCHOOL GARB

be spent on coswould money more time, more and Let us demand

Attention j Given Prompt | Mail Orders singing. metics on and more recogniequipment, more academic Prices For Our Ask

tion, more prestige for music! Let!

us insist on higher standards of DUT Bobbitt, Snedden and the teaching, materials and methods. In rest are right when they urge

too many public schools the teachthat music, also, be made elective ing of music today is a disgrace to that every student should receive the profession and a prostitution of training at public expense on the the art. level he can reach easily—and no

higher. "Equal opportunity for is the watchword of a 25LIVERY child loves to do those All"—this things that give him pleasure democratized educational system. BEAUTIFULLY

invention modern As to that prove hatesand do those symbolENGRAVED has lightened the machine by painful. obviized It seems orirksomeous, then, that our first duty to the burden of physical existence, XMAS CARDS

science Envelopes as has added TapestryLined modern to the With to see that theirchildren should be

Letters Name in Raised Your twinsisters so these of life, span accompanied "learning shall be by pleasure;"that they shall have will collaborate in the future to For $2,00

more opportunity to express themmake life more worth living, more These are $3.00 and

selves musically by playing tihe beautiful, more enjoyable. $4.00 Values

fear Robots. the do not We love. all childrenmelodies

shall enslave not machine music, as us. MANYDESIGNSBEAUTIFUL Vocational a means of The

livelihood, has reached that ecoThe man must learn to master the STAMP SALT LAKE Shall the wismachine. have we as "diminishstagenomic known CO. it well? to use answer The dom is then, music, If returns."ing Broadway 45 West is question with you! to my To selfex- of as ato means continue

People of Town lines the paraphrase of Out immortal recreation, our expression, and for Samples Write Henley: along guidedchildren be must

Masters of our "We Fate—goal. this lead to thatpaths Captains of Souls!"our We areare thethe

We must teach these young music makers how to play for their own pleasure and selfculture rather than Jhope to become money makers in music. We must stressmusic as an avocation. Let the chilIT'S TIME TOdren aim to become real amateurs NOW!

and TRAIN FOR BUSINESS LEADERSHIP theseof connoisseurswords—loversin theandtrueknowsense

these are also the CAPITALIZE LEISURE! ers of music—for

discriminating auditors. Would There is no better way to spend your time wheh jobs are scarce

you increase the demand for manthanship, andin preparingbe ready forlor rapidtlie future.progressTrainwith nowthe returnfor businessof prosperity.leadermade music? Then, multiply the

amateurs because the amateur YOUR SpecializedMARKET VALUE.business training will increase your market value.

art, as well secretarial, Stenographic, accounting and civil service coursesmakes the market—in for starting prepare provide the good foundation positions and as in sport! fo,r of progress. future Free assistance Department. Employment

Write or phone today for free catalog.

"yOU should encourage your LATE (FALL TERM BEGINS NOVEMBER 2 children to form small ensemThree Months trios, quartets $15.00 per Month—$40.00 ble groups—duets,

instrumental. Such $75.00 Six Months—vocal and music will function in their home

life and will nullify the criticism L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

of the curriculum expert. The answer to the question is in 40 NORTH MAIN

the public schools. The fate of 0B0aH(}B04M0-a

54 The Improvement Era for November, 1931

Adolf Hitler Continuedpagefrom1 myself of the limited opportunity feel physically exhausted after reof studying the man at close range sisting his talk. He takes control

and tried, funny as it may sound, of the conversation from the into get an insight into his character. stant it begins and never lets up.''

XJITLER is a very handsome We have considered the man more man. Of medium height and or less from a human angle, now

slender physique he does not make let us regard the facts of his life an imposing figure, but his confiwhich led up to his prominence.

dent carriage, and the manner in A DOLF HITLER was born in which he holds his head up in the 1889, in the small border

faults he might have. He has of humble parents, and spent theA GIFT AT A air discount whatever physical town of Braunau in upper Austria

hair, a clear, life early there of his part followbrown-MODERATE straighted skin, blackand eyes dark that trades ing the of sign painting seemPRICE to betray his every emotion. His and carpentry, until, as a young

The Smart New Brownie thinlipped mouth is bordered by man, he moved to Munich, a discalledTHE Brownie—appropriately a bristling Charlie tance Chaplin miles of one moushundred from dressed a small, gaily"Beau newBrownie"—is

ideal gift or camera, inexpensive as an tache, and his jaw, which where seems his the study home, he began prize. bridge out of proportion to of architecture. rose, black, with green, the of tan, the rest of advent At

the front in metal Colors—blue,a design and on colhis features, is alone the evidence in of world war, he en1914,ored enamels.

Double the has Kodak the Brownie newBeau power, listed determination as a private, resoserved and with and pictures. lens. 2 takes x No. 3J4 2J4 lution of the I distinction 2A, the $5.50. during case Price, following with No $4; not man. Had 2'/2 x

414 pictures. Price, $5; with case $6.50. known to whom I was being infour years, being once gassed and

EASTMAN KODAK troduced,the man beforeI wouldme tohavebe thoughta mildonceof thewounded.struggle heAtmadethe conclusionhis headSTORES, INC. (KoM) mannered, intelligent member of quarters in Munich once more, and

the upper classes, in political middle career or began. 1922 his perStreet South Main 315

a haps fairly successful Capitalizing his oratorical business upon 5292 Wasatch Tel. man. instead But I powers, of that, he made had impromptu

met "Handsome Adolf,'the superspeeches in the beerhalls of Muromantic hero of Germany's innich, denouncing the postwar ponumerable romantic women, the litical regime and painting a pictureWINNING NEW recipient of countless "mash"notes of a futuristic Utopia. He also

Users Every Day and gifts from ladies of noble birth, told his beer garden clientelle that all of whom, meaning women in American banks are controlled general, he is said to detest. -And 99% by Jews (Attention Messrs.

while he is a delightful figure of Morgan!), flayed the Monarchists,

romance to the opposite sex, the derided the Catholics, and treated men find in him the consummate the Socialists and Republicans with genius of leadership, hail him as equally eloquent contempt. It was

their champion, boast of his great not long before the name of Hitler courage, and hold his methods of was well known throughout Badiscipline in great respect. It is varia, and it was a year later, that

certainly an interesting paradox Hitler, with the backing of the that the man who awakens the robeloved General LudendorfF, walkmantic hero love in women, as exed into a huge beer hall where a emplified in the moviestar wormass meeting was being held by ship of the members of the fair several town officials, fired a couple sex, should at the same time arouse of shots into the ceiling to gain men from the bitterness of despair silence, and proclaimed the Nationand hopelessness and cause them al Revolution. He guaranteed

to recognize him as a dominant safety for von Kahr, the presiding leader for whom they would gladofficial, if he would accompany ly go to war. Hitler, being a them from the hall, and within a

subtle artist, fully understands the few minutes talked him into joinstrings which he must pull to bring ing the movement of the revoluabout the desired movements of tionists. Hitler's forces filled the

his marionettes. His greatest instreets, but the next day von Kahr

strument and almost never failing was visited by two decidedly antiCONOCO friend is his remarkable gift of Hitler men in the persons of theGERM PROCESSED oratory, and in discussions of a Archbishop of Munich and Prince

PARAFFIN BASE political nature he is almost inRupprecht of Bavaria, who sucvincible. A wellknown German ceeded in bringing him back to his

military official has said of him:'senses. As a result, the city policeMOTOR OIL "If you are hostile to him you were called out to clear the streets,

The Improvement Era for November, 1931 55

rand a sharp machine gun skirmish Reichstag, now spends his time - - - - A m * m m other to the Reginald Beales i one city from a detachgoingensued between and them f gilt-!i in ideas his political framing Hitler's forces commandedment of

by LudendorfF himself. The Hitedged words, and arousing the ad- i t*

lerites were routed, and Hitler and miring shout of the poor, unemciti-: desperate German flee and forced toLudendorff from Muployed

i still his pet preaches zen. He ser- >< apprehendwere bothnich. They

ed however, and brought back for mon, but his powers of speech aid but not i the in altering formtrial. a him to the Hitler speech made

i theories. his of the structure first his for time thejury, and

i futile. senoratory 1 was was He I withthis today, so "man

I AND a five V in to yearstenced prison by i t eternally a goes country"out i t judge, Ludendorff,weeping and i dochis I expounding "stumping,"great hisbecause of record was war t the except >< antieverything trines of 1acquitted. verthe hearing Upon t t Evans Francelle Aurelia C. Hitler. He of Dictatorshp Adolf i en Lars t Shimer dict, colin a Ludendorff, arrayed

>'Gerin followers \ 5,000,000 has << i all his orful bearing uniform, and are t not t VIOLIN they DEPARTMENT who, when many, decorations, his feet arose to t and t street as teachers of brawls guidance such in occupied having The t i said: that consider verdict "I an

t is stuto the violin invaluable these in are aiding Communists, with t I insult the to uniform wear and all leads violin the dent, for though Hitler the furtherance V of the t a to disgrace the of decorations in exinstruments of power manmade >< says: Hitler "Disenprogram. valor it its the achieves rightful has suFatherland pression, which

the execute the Jews; franchise premacy given verdict me."remained The only in the hands of the cor- t dirty alien; the expel profiteers; rectly trained. t as given, Hitler and prison went to

while Ludendorff was freed. It is repudiate Versailles and reparaYou can assure yourself of correct t

stores teacher. training choosing!by department abolish tions; a McCune * said officials the that prison wanted i is for superiority built Our reputation to small [<i'the force trade back and i to give Hitler deaf prison guards quality the of faculty. our,< upon t parasitical merchants; wipe away for fear a speech he would make

i incomes; GERBE to ': his I- and gain them freedom. I are these thoughts McCUNE

f unearnedMANS!"—and

t all greatest of second stage Germany and echoed throughout PHE j School of Music and Art of Hitler's political career beby the five million adherents of i Salt Lake City, Utah gan immediately after his release the Hitler faith. Hunger and de- '------.w w * w *r mm—.Tmrmnmmrm?mrm*rmrmrm-m>*>. yysygyjj<**&

from prison, his sentence having pression stimulate them, and the been commuted after one year's silver tongue of a political fanatic servitude.gia,-—-the onlyBeginningprovincein inThurinwhich actsmindsas anda drugbodies.upon their confused

he to allowed make testifying at of three the trial a TN public aided the by wasaddress,—andstill officers in Leipzig, Reichswehr of conditions the times, began he

Hitler the boldly opportunity took to his political seed sow once more. Autumn

outline his for the future. to plans his After conviction in the Munich the ideal time stated there that be a is would He world had laughed proceeded and

to forget the pretentious "fanatic,"revolution, the Republic overto paint who had caused such a stir, but in thrown, treaties repudiated, Dicset tatorship up, and that when 1930, when, aided of the by one a tribunal of the people was BENNETT'S serious most all depressions of time, Hitler again came before the formed to judge those who were public eye, worldly opinion stopresponsible for the formation of ped to ponder and consider his the Republic in 1918, "Germany case. would see heads rolling in the mm*

In Hitler's party 1928 12 sand!"won Thus is the house of Hitler coninsurance/ seats in the Reichstag, or less than

founded structed. is a house But it 3 in that body. In the % of the seats

a hard times, and on depression elections the September of 1930 same party won 107 seats, or 20% house that the first wind of prosPAINT PRODUCTS for even topple over, will perity of total the number, and became trembles foundation now it's the strongest second in the party ungivetectionmaximumon all surfaces.coverage andThereabsoluteis a Benpro-

land. Hitler, who because of his der the load above it. And its nett Paint, Enamel or Varnish for every

service in the German army had master? He too will fall where decorating purpose.

lost his Austrian citizenship, and he has dominated, but he will leave Manufactured and Sold by the his impression entire world on citibeen refused who had German PAINT CO. GLASS BENNETT &

as a leader, as as a organizer, an zenship, seat to was unable have a Salt City Lake in the Reichstag, but he controlled fighter. The greatest thing that

southern Idaho Dealers throughout Utah, said be about him, however, the nevercould of his party movements states and neighboring inscribed well on his be might theless. ban having The speaking

been lifted, he, being unable to tombstone take part in the sessions of the "Adolf Hitler—Orator."

56 The Improvement Era for November, 1931

page 25 Supporting Cast-—Continued from

at the campus, too the then through always walk home were its regreen tasks the big SOCIAL weekdaybrief, too campus with with magbrimming and quiring her own supervision and nolia trees and flower edged paths?

COMMERCIAL withattention.children,Ellathat waswas dependablesomething, Thentop oftheythe hadhill behindclimbed theto thestadiumvery

and so Gloria did not object to and sitting upon a grassy knoll, the Saturday catchup on duties they had watched the day slip out.

left undone during the week. She

could feel each day that Junior 1 HE bay had been all Vrinting at least was not being neglected. magic in the quiet dusk, with a

yelfaint mist hovering low. There Dusk came—crimson and

low in the cloudribbed west, and were boats, too, like painted dream faded into the mellow mauve of ships far out on the water. Just

Distinctively Done Juniornacreousplayed,clouds.was Infed,apartmentwas asleep.3 asilluminethe twinklethe longof lightsnew pier,beganJimto

by It was dark. Gloria Brent was had gathered her in his arms and

waiting. Still waiting. She had pressed her cheek against his own.

UTAH'S PIONEER been waiting since—when was it He had held it there ever so long,

PRINTERS that she opened the oven door and saying, "Frau, Frau, what ever exclaimed with utter satisfaction would I do without you!"Jim

that the chicken was a huge suchad called her that ever since he cess? "passedoff"his languages. She

loved his mellow intonation of

Make Your Selection of O HE pricked the the word.

smooth brown surface and samAnd then he had taken from his pled the dressing. Jim loved chickpocket a neat little box. "It's only

Ukrlstmas enshecookedwas somejust thatcook,way.this He'dFrau sayof youa trifle,whathon,"a goodhe said,sport"justI tothinktell

his, and would wish that every you are."

day was an anniversary to get such There had been a happy tear

Uaras treats.Gloria closed the oven promptly orwhiletwodeftin herfingerseyes, anxiouslythrust back,reNOW ofto savorypreventaromaeven fromthe slightestmaking bitesmoved"Wonderful,the tissue. Jim—just gorDiscriminating buyers are cape. She scanned the breakfast geous,"and she had put the frail

rapidly finding out that our nook. Everything was perfect: chain at once around her soft,

tender vegetables steaming hot, colquivering throat.

line this year offers truly orful salad and the jello well set. But that had been a year ago;

unusual values. Don't delay There was a puff of cream and a before experimentation began in

making a selection. sprinkle of nuts—anniversaries did earnest, when atomic weights and

not come every day. She looked quantum theories had been to them

The Dcscrct andcaressinglythen listened.at the gleamingThere wassilver,a exploredmerely a world.part of a complex, unstep upon the front porch.

all this happened But hours bejTjLT o'clock nine GloPress News been innumerable There had the covered cretonne ria sat upon 29 Richards St., Salt Lake City fore.

steps upon the front porch since couch impatiently thumbing a then. At eight o'clock she had magazine. Why couldn't she seem

closed settle the kitchen door with a sigh to things? to She down BE INDEPENDENT of disappointment. read. neurotic, loathed She would Vocation So Profitable No Other

ENROLL NOW at the library. For a Complete Course Maybe Maybe—maybeJim had called heat hadthe impatientread. Shewomen.scannedYes, theshe wouldpages

gone to purchase something, some and her glance hung for an instant

Quish School of Beauty Culture little remembrance. Of course not upon this title or that. Bother

The Best in the West jade, but perhaps some fine sheer what did she care about the status 304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg. hose with a dull finish. Gloria of Russia or the futility of farm

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH stretched out a well shaped leg in relief? No, she would not read.

For Further Information anticipation. Nonsense, the shops She would turn on the radio.

and Catalog Call would be closed. Perhaps it would She walked across the room and

7560 or Wasatch be candied wight fruits. He a door. mysteriousQuite be opened

Fill in This buying something. Last year he ly a flood burst of sound from the Coupon

did. disc speaker upon the mantel. Jim

Gloria caught her breath quickhad assembled the radio himself, ly. Could she ever forget that day concealing the "internal anatomy"

a year ago, with lunch at Pex and within an adjacent closet for want

The Improvement Era for November, 1931 57

of a cabinet. So clever Jim was! "Have you ever wanted,"Nell

A favorite symphony but much began seriously, "something right too loud. 'That's better,"she badly, even when you knew it was

said having adjusted the volume perfectly hopeless? Something

to the satisfaction of a finical quite trivial, and yet wanted it!"

mood. "Music makes things so "Have I!"Gloria offered with

much cozier."Other nights might positive accent, as if any inflection

be lifeless but this one, this one of voice could possibly express must be warm and living. She how well she knew.

could not let it sink to the dull "The chemistry grads are giving level of mediocrity. Surely Jim a party tonight. Alicia's been

would come soon. coaxing me to go. I'd want

to go too, I guess, if I had a decent

A'.T ten o'clock Nell thing to wear. You see it's a new %ating

rapped softly on the door. "I frock I'm wanting."just thought I'd slip in and ex- "I suppose Alicia has a new one HighestBy City Board of Healthtend congrat—"she began, but—something smart and gorgeous."Ever since the Salt Lake Gity

voice of envy. savored sitting Gloria's Brentthe sight of Gloria

to inspect started Board of Health a darling thing. Long "Has she! the cushionsdejectedly among all dairies score serving and

grand shimmery. You'd look inandchecked city her words. She knew the basis of cleanness, homes, on

like it, Gloria, your in one with still at the thattuitively Jim was Clover equipment, and methods university, and that the chicken, dark hair and fair skin."LeafHarris has always received the

yes the surprise chicken, stood stiff Gloria's brown eyes fairly snaphighest rating.

and cold. She knew that being ped. "For goodness'sake, Nell, For prompt, courteous delivery of

the wife of a potential Ph. D. did don't dare mention new plumage milk and other dairy products from

not appeal to Gloria Brent, at to me on a night like this. I could Salt Lake's best dairy...present, as being a particularly eat up the whole university—test

rosy state. tubes and all."Just Phone Wasatch 2177

"What you reading?"Nell "Bravo,"Nell laughed. "Well,

sought a more tactful approach. under the circumstances, I don't CloVerLeaf'Harriseaf-

"Oh, nothing,"Gloria adjusted think I'll go, though Alicia says the cushions to make more room we're both dubs to stick at home. MILK

upon the couch. "But if I were To her this schoolgame is merely

ever to wax literary,"she con- a lark."

tinued with definite emphasis upon "She would. It's pretty soft

the personal pronoun, "it would for her all right. Not every dad

be to voice a protest."can afford to keep two, year in and

"What?"year out."Gloria was recalling

"Protest, and vigorous enough Jim's persistent struggle against to start a rebellion."financial odds.

Nell gurgled a little. "How fe- "Yes, they get a fat check from

rocious! Any maneaters enlisted home each month. And Alicia

yet?"says you and I are hopelessly naive

Gloria laughed too. "Not yet, and oldfashioned, having babies.

but I know of one who would."If we were the least bit modern

"Come on now, honey, what's and sophisticate, she says, we the matter?"wouldn't need to be scrimping "Nothing—but—"the tone of along. There's too many mouths

her words invited further inquiry. in this world to be properly fed

"Sure there is."now, she says."

"Well, Jim hasn't come home "Oldfashioned,"Gloria repeatyet and tonight was our—ed, thinking the while of a certain

"Silly goose, is that all?"I little crib under the window in

thought at first he had flunked his the next room. There was someprelims'or the landlord had raised thing luring about the word, even

the rent."though she knew it had come from It Means a Warm

smile. lips Gloria Alicia's conceded spiked a wry with irony. House "Gloria,"on, "I saw Nell went I am oldfashioned,""Maybe

the Old Lemon Squeezer today she snapped, "and I guess her with a new hat, so naturally I mother was oldfashioned having assumed. he had> raised somebody's her. That's what I guess. Anyrent. way, I wouldn't trade for a milBLUE BLAZE COAL CO.

lion, and her husband won't ever 1102 Walker Bank Bldg.

/\ND then they both make a chemist. Not in a thoulaughed, a laugh which began sand years, for all his fat checks. Salt Lake City

heartily but faded away into a sort He doesn't know what work even of lifeless ripple. looks like. He couldn't pour water

58 The Improvement Era for November, 1931

through a funnel. Isn't that catty,

ITH a sudden Wi Nell! Now I'll be good."

his feet. to jumped thought Jim

WHEN Nell had you"By likethe toway,go Frau,back tohowBenton?"would

gone, Gloria shed a few tears. Not Gloria stared in astonishment.

that she meant to. Somehow they "What do you mean, Jim?"

just came, uninvited, and refused "I simply mean that you can.

fell, discipline. And as they letter a pigeonhole in she Found my things tones in sobbing voiced it's George. tonight and from An

about love and college, laboratories offer to head his sales department.

killed experiments romance, too."burveal one, Jim was A of (jkarrn that anniversaignore that made men the in the papers rowing among

ana guessed.ries. JimShe'ddidn'tjust telllovehimher,so!she brief"Honest,case. Jim!"

At twelvethirty there was a "Honest, Abe,"Jim's face was radiant. he imagine "Can't how JJistincUon softone stepwas uponrustlingthe keys.porch. GloriaSomesalary. limbered such a up to

Make Your Selection started,and flippedwipeda powderher eyespuff carefullyover her there."Things must be booming back

NOW! nose. Gloria seized the letter. She read Jim—tall and broad shouldered it breathlessly. She reread every case word of it—"dynamic personali-—entered, leaning his brief

the wall the door. near His ty, heart beat ARE against PRICES dependability"—her face withanimation, without was its as salary increasing the tempo REASONABLE VERY color. the couch neared out He figures type in bold, loomed black THIS YEAR casukissed Gloria stooping, and eyes. real before her salary,""A

ally upon the forehead. she sighed. "Mr. James Richard

"I hope you enjoyed the eveBrent, what do you intend to do savagely. said quite Gloria ning,"it?"about EMBROKE'S startled. bit at a her looked Jim "Well, Richard Mrs. James 24 East Broadway, to he Gloria Before speak had time Brent, I just I'll sign think my Salt Lake City, Utah in that tones continuing was line. the dotted Fancy, on were name

far suave. pray, Mr. from "And on, "a real he went my dear,"Scientist, at the lab?"how's work porches yes, a house, house with

"Rotten,"he said with decision, and lawns and perhaps a garden, sitting heavily into the low rocker instead of this coopedup, twoby- and running the palm of his hand four apartment. Clothes, Gloria

across his forehead.

a car.—swell ones—and maybe

No more scrimping and squeezing, almost had school teaching. more no and

been dared to hopedLORIAthat his had it, Frau."Imagine a crucial point—a night of important discovery. He had a good

head, she knew it. The departLjLORIA was imaginment fellows had all said that in ing; visualizing beyond reality the

math Jim Brent was simply a rapture of it all. A home, with

bear. sunlight and flowers, hours of

"Worked like old Harry,"Jim companionship with Junior.

thingswent on, "all evening to finish up Clothes—lovely feminine

a particular piece of work, and not letdowns with added tulle, then right at the last the whole desperate attempts to meet the dething blew up. A month's work mands of a later mode. Yes, some

on apparatus gone to the deuce."really new clothes. tonight "Oh, Jim, it's just too—"But MORTICIANS "Honest, Jim? Then wasn't—Gloria did not finish the sentence.

"Wasn't anything but a beginShe sank down on the couch and again point."eyed him with quiet, level eyes for

125 North Main "I'm sorry,"she said. What a moment. Something within her

she wanted to say was, "Let's quit told her that Jim's enthusiasm was

WAS. 320 the whole blamed business, Jim, more apparent than real. Told her

WM. C. LUKEY and be content with a job somethat it was being forced—propped.acceptance of Vice Pres. and Mgr. where."But the soft light from Told her that with

MARGUERITE TAYLOR the shabby little floor lamp was this offer, a life's dream would be

LUKEY shining upon his face, and Gloria shattered. A seed sown so long

President saw that it was tired. His eyes, before, nourished at such cost

too, wide blue ones, were a little through the years, would never

N—- - M - bloodshot. reach fruition.

The Improvement Era for November, 1931 59

'That's a neat figure,"Jim was "Remember, Gloria,"Jim's saying mechanically. "More than voice was reminiscent, "the night

I could expect for some time even I asked you if you were willingwith my degree."to take the chance. Remember?"Leadership

Gloria knew it to be so. Knew A wave of color surged into

that there might be lean years even Gloria's cheeks. Could she ever

after the finals were over. Proforget! "Course I do, Jim. It

fessors were not always well paid. was the night you gave me this

Scientists seldom were. But she ring, the night of the senior play.

balances the were You carried the lead—made a hit, offer demand would too.knew,set—thattoo,thethat

sacrifice of a hope that had gilded

Jim's sky since boyhood. Ever Jim flushed a little. "Bunk,

since she could remember Jim, he course I didn't."

had talked of becoming a scientist.

His big, useful hands had thrilled silence forto the touch of a slide rule. 1HERE was

silence teeming a moment. A letter the come had why Why, inarticulate "Well, with memory. doesn 't her verytonight? Tonight, when

it Gloria,"you know, Jim broke for cry cryingheart a hungry was saying, "I where you by knew offer bring! could such an happen'"Just sitting were in the dark. down it It as if, come! was hadallWhythat queer Sounds but you somehow any kind of enterTo win in utter blackness the of of storm,out

cast, seemed to a sort of the be of safe a leader provide prise, must if gleam. to Asstars begun had

I all his characters. composite of the of units the for occupancy interim that in dim gaspinghope,

it it feeling a is in that had force while you, and operating was suddeath, life had andbetween their are cues units not that going. those action. kept Whether me life mirto by caught beendenly

is at principle Sustained tide the right or to men, high money me path the her beforeacle. yet And the end. say, were, I'd the same. the You she must Gloria knew marked.was

cast. surare, Still supporting National"has Because "The Frau offer. this let acceptnot Jim

of are."savings the many rounded—still aren't dear, you Gloria, "Why impeople with of thousands held face her his in He hands. you?"thrilled—aren't it has safeguards, pregnable won scarcely Frau, you've crying.""Why, been head, her Gloria shook

the in a, leadership of place voice. "No, trust her todaring silly, are I haven't, "Course field. my and Building Loan don't "I. said slowly, sheJim,"eyes dozing, reading Just red? and

think me, Jim."She twisted I'd accept that offer if I were you know Write for freevou. sleeve. his coat the button on

"Aren't you hungry?"folder: "3 PLANS"

J IM'S eyes widened with surprise. "Course I shall, "Famished, honey, positively

Gloria."There was firmness in famished. I could eat a whole National Reserve

his tone. "I've been a cad to ask chicken, feathers and all."Holding Company

you to go skimping along, living Gloria was in the kitchen inOperating on nothing, denying yourself stantly.

BUILDING & NATIONAL you've wanted.things I know I "I say, Frau,"Jim called, hangLOAN ASSOCIATION to have left I ought see it now.

his coat the over ing of a back St. South Main 343 till Besides, free I'd finished.you

Salt City chair, Lake anniversary have an "we offer."that's a tempting

President Dibblee, O. this R. don't up month, we?"a light bit of coming Gloria managed

laughter. 'You old dear,"she

said, "why it's a real lark."Somehow the words stung. Alicia had Oneida Stake Beesaid that—Alicia who knew so Hive Girls | The Utah High j little about it all.

stake a Oneida has come TROM reSchool of Beauty Jim sprang to his "eet, his whole the port Beeof the trip which face beaming. 'You mean you Hive girls made to the Temple at Culture

don't want to give this school Logan, in August. Arriving there in 331 Clift Bldg., Salt Lake game up—don't you, Frau?"the morning, a meeting was held, in Learn a profession that would make

"Not for worlds, Jim. It's such which President Shepherd explained you independent for the rest of

I fun planning."It was out. She to the girls the sacredness and im- S your life. Write for catalog.

had said it. After all she supportance of the work of baptizing for I Mail this Coupon. |

the the dead, holiness of and Temple it. sheposed meant had There

5 Name girls the very work. enjoyed day The ecstasy, of glad been moments

J returned greatly much, and home en- o Address a of dreams, hours and months 4 uplifted lightened they and what by of sharing. months And is It experienced. that somehad hoped provide and room this CityWe can board to '!

of students out town thing in that sharing had bound event to will continue annualheld be. I them infinitely close. ly, as it has been for three years past. L 60 The Improvement Era for November, 1931

4A Daughter of MarthaContinuedpagefrom29

softly down the hall. In a minute a hair dresser. Lott Gascom had Do You to comb her hair. Her feet padded farmer. Victoria would never be

she returned with heavy tread. recorded his deed, of course. It was

"Victoria is gone!"she cried, forall proper. The title was legally Read The getting that she might alarm the in Rodney's name. You could lead

Ads? Wheresick Gloria.is everybody?"Where Theis Jonas?three makea horsehimto water,drink. butTheyou treadmillcouldn't

children are asleep in her bed. She of life—inexorable—exacting.

As a check on the advertising value left a note!"

of the Improvement Ettt we will Jonas and Aunt Catherine held in as parlor, the far a council away allow you CATHERUNT A as sick possible the from room. little Nancy, INE dressed and

all note selfexplana- too was The suaded to Peter. help Anna Then 10 tory: she fed all the family the baconperDiscount I have gone away with Rodney. He and the mush and the milk that

of any cloth coat selected, until does not want to own a farm. I do not was their daily breakfast. She preto your hair. comb little He sold a his pared breakfast Gloria. for

to Nov. 15 th likefarm Gascom. Mr. be marWe will her dish of she Upon own mush city. ried in the

Victoria Elizabeth Peesley. added twb spoonfuls of clotted

Utah's Oldest Fur Store cream.

GirREEK faced Greek Jonas felt the pressure of fiover the big piano, the cold Franknancial worries. Yet he was really

lin stove, and the brittle, everlast- worried over Gloria. She had been

Hudson Bay inggourddaisies.which JonasPeter hadpickedthrownup theat hertoo asickgift—athis queertime. box,He boughtwith a

attached. horn There his Aunt, and replaced it with the funnellike FUR CO. cylinders were round covered with others.

238 Main "He couldn't sell his farm—it's tinfoil which you put on a frame

mine!"Jonas struck the piano in work. Then you turned a handle,

his anger, unconscious of his jumand presto! music came out of the

bled pronouns. horn. Songs, voices just like a

being talking. Darling "She can't get married—who human

would comb my hair?"wailed Nellie Gray; Little Annie Rooney.

Aunt Catherine. "I won't let her They called it a phonograph. The

marry. She shall stay with me, same man who had made that

always."carbon light had invented this also.

"She was over eighteen,"Jonas Gloria decided she was living in looked at his sister coldly. What a wonderful age. She had time

difference did it matter that Cathernow to finish the Prince and the ine had lost a daughter? Pauper, to learn all about little

"Rodney was over twentyone, Edward the VI and Tom Canty;

too,"countered Catherine. "I reto understand the period of supermember now, they were talking stition and witchcraft in which

lived. also people then She had all together yesterday afternoon. IT OFFER knit. Peter, to for Socks time WE her showed He whole money—a TO YOU—FREE! and Nancy. Even Aunt roll Anna of it."

LooseLeaf Cook Sego Book The a said try Catherine she attractively illustrated would 84 pages, has quarter "Rodney sold my tested 300 than brings you more felt. see to they how section recipes. ean copy, to a Lott have You Gascom."Jonas pair

absolutely free. Just write

Co., Salt Sego Milk Products Lake to mulled the sentence over and over. With Rodney gone, it became

City. 'Your daughter has stolen the necessary for Jonas to have help

SEGO MUSICAL MENUS chats Helpful by Barbara Badger, affections of my son!"he glared around the place. A young boy,

director of Sego home service deat Catherine. Bruce Knight, an orphan nephew partment... and

popular music. Daily "And your son has stolen the of Jonas'was sent for. He was

except Sunday, 10 to affections of my daughter!"retalian unpleasant lad, and seemed to a. 10:15

KDYL. ated Catherine, in a tone fully delight in doing unpleasant things,

as angry. Then they remembered so that his presence added little

the sick woman upstairs and the comfort to Gloria, but in an intwo little premature babies. Gloria credibly short time he seemed to

must be cared for. Time moved ingratiate himself into the heart

on irrevocably. Youth had asof Jonas, who treated him like a

serted itself. Rodney and Victoria son. It was one more for Gloria

had taken the right to live their to take care of, but he helped own lives. They were married by Jonas, so she did not complain.

now. Rodney would never be a But there was no sympathy beThe Improvement Era for November, 1931 61

tween Bruce and Gloria or Gloria's IIchildren.

Quick following winter ROYAL DESSERTS TtHEwhen the snow lay heavy in the hills the and February thaw in,set had a boon to modern housewives Jonas about went to town his store. During December and

January when the snow was frozRoyal Quick Setting Gelatin Desserts, 6 delicious en and tightly packed, Bruce had flavors, set in about half the usual time.

been driving up Cripple Creek Royal Chocolate Pudding made with nutritious

Canyon to bring down parts of Arrowroot, an easily digested starch, is prepared the abandoned sawmill. Jonas had in 6 minutes. Has a luscious homemade flavor!

a chance to sell it to advantage.

rauchim. store worriedHis The

galled laughter of Lottous Gascom AND NOW A NEW DESSERT him to distraction. He wondered Royal Vanilla Pudding. Rich in healthhow he would face the next spring, value and taste. Prepared in 6 minutes!

watching Lott's cows grazing on the fields where he had planted

At Your Grocerment—frostwheat. It wasproof,to be wintera new experiwheat, ROYAL DESSERTS

they called it. You sowed it in the

fall, and it matured early the next summer. Bruce, ever anxious to

please his employer, and really stirred to some consideration by the sight of Gloria's white face, GrandThe offeredvoluntarily to continue Prize VACUUM GLEANER De Luxe mill parts,hauling the during

Jonas'absence. WITHBEAUTIFUL"FULLFLOATING"RED BAG, AND 14BRUSH,OTHER

"No, Bruce,"Jonas'parting inMAJOR IMPROVEMENTS structions were emphatic. "I know The De Luxe, with 16 major improvements, is presented as the

weather conditions in Cripple atfinest,a pricemostlowerbeautiful,than youandwouldefficientexpectelectricfor suchcleanerquality.ever built—

hauled haveCreek Canyon. We

is all thaw dare. The we on UTAHEasyPOWERTerms & SmallLIGHTCarryingor any ofChargeits stores slides may come anytime. You

would not have a very pleasant Eureka Vacuum Cleaner Co.

time waiting while we dug you 177 E. Broadway Was. 4764 Salt Lake City, Utah

out."He spoke lightly, but Bruce

knew orders when he heard them.

Thisf* Chocolate is J.HUS the days draginterest ged slowly by, without alasiced for Health an anavor! a highspirited for Bruce, boy who

was gradually making himself a Ghirardelli's Ground Chocolate is richer part of the Whitman family. To than cocoa... but not as rich as"bar"chocbe confined with an old lady who olate. That's why teachers and mothers of

wept and wrung her hands over the West prefer it for children and for their her lost daughter, who hinted that she would even let a boy comb own tables. It's balanced {or nutrition values

her hair, palled on him. He longed... and for the full, fine flavor that nothing

for action. He wanted to be doing but chocolate can supply.

something! Suppose he did get

caught in a slide. Suppose he got FREE"Sweet Sixteen"Write for

caught on the other side of a slide RecipeD. GhirardelliCo.,Packet No. 2,

that blocked the road, and food San914 NorthFrancisco,PointCalif.St.,

had to be lowered from the cliff beyond. Supposing, many and

weird ideas and situations fertilized in his brain until Lott Gascom coming down added the last tempGHIRARDELLI'S tation. "Bruce, I saw a bear out lookin'CHOCOLATE

"Gearar-detty"at his shadder. 'Twas the second m Say

of February too. He won't go 3*8

62 The Improvement Era for November, 1931

back, 'cause he couldn't see his sent one for volunteers to the vilshadder. Maybe you could get lage, gathered their equipment.

heem, with that fancy gun."There were lanterns to be filled;

quite food to be packed; straw and We Anna, who had grown

attached to Bruce, stood listening. quilts for the sleds. Shovels and

off. He chose a strong young drinks to be packed in crocks and lxecommend set Early the next morning Bruce picks; extra coats for the men. Hot team, put the wagon bed on the jars. A telegram to Jonas.

bobs, and went to the pantry for

necessity for explanation and to anyone was Knight provisions. He gave no note of In a short work keptTHEher cool. just sudgetting away when Anna

denly appeared. She was fully interval they were off, five sleds of

dressed, ready to join him. willing, eager men, anxious to

help, confidently assuring the shiv- "I know-—I know,"she half ering women that all would end

whispered, half giggled. "I go well.

with you. You can't kill poor Gloria and Aunt Catherine went

bear. Nice bear!"back into the house. It was silent

Bruce rushed off and jumped inwith the hush of death. Peter

to the sled and was off. As he and Nancy sat subdued and roundglanced back Anna still stood lookeyed. The two tiny babies slept

ing after him. peacefully, unconscious of tragedy. Spring

Lulu sat in a corner, her thin

Canyon Gloria became1X.S distinctlythe day woreworriedon somethingshoulders shakingelse seemedwith sobs.wrong.But

over Bruce's nonappearance. She There was no Anna.

Gloria, called 'Anna!"knowhe had eaten—knew

the futility even as she spoke he ing Or knewtaken heprovisions,had but when failed to appear for dinner, she felt of calling. Wherever she was, she

a queer, unnameable foreboding. would not reply. "Anna,"she ROYAL The other hired men only knew called again. "Anna, come to supthat a team and the bobs were per!

gone. Anna was silent, refusing They searched all the premises.

to talk. The short afternoon was Under the beds, out in the stables,

close. a to Dripdrip- coop. into drawing even the chicken But

fell little the Jpj| drip, girl thawing searching, from snow penewith no i HotnRoyalChanCoal-.'"..,-"the roof. over sat trating slush ran your eyes before The CathAunt

rubbers when you stepped out erine that night.

afternoon, she stood when NUT COAL doors. In the silence of the winter in the A,lFTER the babies distinctly door, Gloria opened

heard the heavy, reverberating were in bed the two women and

Lulu watched and waited all THE MOST ECONOMICAL thunder of a snow slide in Cripple the night. From her corFUEL YOU CAN BUY Creek Canyon. She wondered if through

Lott Gascom's home was safe. She ner Lulu finally spoke in a frightRecommended by leading had always wondered how he ened whisper:

dealers for more than twenty managed to escape, year in and "I told Anna about the bear.

said to shoot it was wrong slides in She out, from the many years. Ask YOUR dealer. year bear. said she She the poor would Still him. the canyon beyond

Bruce did not come. Where had nurse the bear, after they shot it.

said she She General tended Grant fast those horses? gone with two Knight Fuel he that I don't but way, what know defied to Jonas he gone and Had

in the of Company the mill site? Perhaps he had she meant."months Memory see gone to been had Lulu—he been Bruce which with them had before. If only Jonas were home!

as Gloria's over she mind later rode flashed hour Lulu Gascom Royal Coal An fate. of his waited news The into the yard. wildly Whitman

the cut; he water he had wood saddle, bridle or but She had no Company carried. a boy, had only was He to horse the clung the mane, by

Leonard E. Adams, General Sales and froth flecked his mouth and and had not had the best judgAgent nostrils. ment always, nor a very keen sense

of responsibility, but he had lived

General Offices 8th Floor Newhouse "Ohoh-oh!"she cried. "My in their home, and Gloria was

Building are caught. worried. anything Poor daddy—Bruce—they Jonas—if They trailed a bear!"to this boy. happened Utah, U. S. A. Salt Lake City, He took

Gloria took command. She things so hard. Why did Anna

summoned the two hired men.add to their troubles by staying

The Improvement Era for November, 1931 63

out all.night? Dripdrip-drip. now, Mam, 'cept to go back and fully rocking in the big chair, a

The monotonous repetition of the dig!"baby on each knee. Jonas looked

melting snow became almost madDrip-dripdrip. The water fell white—half beaten. Rodney's

dening to the waiting women. from the eaves. The horses pawed look of near success was chastened

Toward morning another rumrestlessly in the slush. A fine wet with pity for his father. Bruce

bling thunder broke the silence. rain clung to the men's hats and was all contrition.

coats, while Bruce, unashamed, let "Lord, into Thy hands do we tears his her spirit."dedimingle with the moisture commend The the the dawn WlTH coat. on his the catory prayer blended with allrescuers returned. were They

there. Bruce had left his team at dripping snow from the pine that

Gascom's. Together Lott and iHE Lord giveth and sheltered the grave. Peter's feetBruce had gone trailing the bear. the Lord taketh away—blessed be were wet. Gloria could hear the

The tracks led into an old mine the name of the Lord."The words water ooze as he walked. Princess

shaft and out again. It was a of the Bishop sounded remote and Alice had kissed a dying child. To

shaft, notqueer old down into the muffledlittle churchschoolas they gatheredhouse. inAuntthe thealike.rich,Jonasto thehadpoor,spokendeathno wordcame circlingearth, a mountainside, but

with another opening which few Catherine remained at home, peaceof censure to Bruce. In death,

people knew about. Bruce wanted

to find that bear, and to use his gun. They sighted him and Bruce

shot at him, wounding him. Then

they heard a rumbling noise and knew they were caught. They ranback into the mine—Bruce's brave front gave away Why Not

at this point and one of the hired story. the took upmen Attend the Utah State got he there, we was "When

to findsurprised under the Anna said all Agricultural Collegequilts. She she knowed

about that canyon, and I reckon she did. The slide was so big there

wasn't no use digging against it.It would be like trying to dip up Yet Live at Home?

the ocean with a bucket. Anna,

she said she knowed where that The CorrespondenceStudy Department other end to the mine was. She

led us around the hill, and there offers courses in sure 'nough was another hole.

There was her old doll and some Agricultural Economics Economics and little dishes and a rag or two, that Agronomy Sociology she's toted up there last fall. She Education andtook us in and we hollered and Animal and DairyPsychology

hollered, and finally we heard an Husbandry answer. They was safe and sound Entomology

Poultry Production Geologyand we got 'em out—but—"here

his voice failed also, and another Art History tale. took up theman

"Well, Bruce got to telling how Bacteriology Horticulture he'd bear, shot that he and bet Accounting Irrigation and Drainage certain over ahe ridge was and maybe they could get him when Business Administration Mathematics it was light. You know we was

Stenography and Physiology and Public all standing round with the lanterns, and it was awful hard to see Typewriting Health good. Well Anna come up to

Bruce and calls out to him: Also twentyfour courses in High School subjects

"'Did you shoot that poor bear? That purty bear? I'm going For further information write to theto find him—I'm going to take

bran mash to him, like I did to the purty cow!'And 'fore we Utah State Agricultural College

it, off she rushedknowed Mam, Correspondence—Study Dept. theinto dark, over that toward

little hill. And you know there Logan, Utah

was another slide. I guess you

heard it. We can't do no good

64 The Improvement Era for November, 1931 as in life, Anna was an unsolved the twelve gourds. She thought had only one vision—a complete

mystery to her father. of the Kafir rebellions, of the sudsection of land, strongly fenced,

Victoria prepared the supper. den floods, of the predatory aniwell cultivated, well watered,

She seemed changed, selfreliant mals, of the hostile Dutch and the where pedigreed cattle should roam and happy. Gloria stuffed Peter's chirping monkeys. Greed sent men in rank pasture, and fullheaded

shoes with paper, and put them to early graves. Only last week grain ripen in the mountain sun.

to dry slowly, so they would not Jonas had said, "I will never rest But in her heart Gloria knew that shrink. Already they were none until I repossess that quarter secJonas'passion for acquiring land

too big for the growing boy. Aunt tion!"was not mere greed. Something

Catherine got a brush and comb Her father had sought diaelse was there, too. Someday she

it over with him andand seated herself in the old rocker, monds. Jonas sought land—land would talk

but Victoria did not offer to comb and more land. He seemed ununderstand.

her hair. Rodney had brought conscious of the family's needs. He (To be continued)

some fresh lettuce, hardcentered and sweet. It seemed queer to

have green food in the winter.

He had gotten it from a train.

cars trains wereThere on the now, where meals as were served you Laying the Foundation for Good Manners traveled. Continuedpagefrom3 6

older are seated. of the family all feeling members thankfulness, puts in of a day Stephen 1HE next sit his in with must to digest hands He the food. and enjoy his mood arrived,Kirkman a bearing death lap eating. not Playing with when are times oft Children shy and

Africa. Gloria'sletter from father silver, fingering the bread or crumbing illman- to appear be and awkward

had been killed, two months bechina should never be allowed. nered because they do not know what

fore, in a cavein of a road that He should sit up straight in his is expected of them. They love cerehad been undermined by the diachair—the child who is so tired he mony and readily follow a form when

lean table himself or must prop on the mines. Gloria intomond went if attenit is time explained, and and

his in bed. should be with armsthe parlor alone, at gazing and sat is graces in to the given the home with tion connected custom A beautiful

living will without they of grow up is grace. of the saying family meals

Isn't it Robert Louis Stevenson who the humiliations and embarrassments says, "Nothing quiets a man like saywhich ignorance of correct behavior is

Index to Advertisers ing a prayer"? The quiet pause, the bound to bring.

Company Page

Beneficial Life Ins. Co (Back Cover)

Bennett Glass 8 Paint Co 55 fromBlue Blaze Coal Co 57 page 34 FeltBroadway 5 3 Glancing Through Continued Co

Clover LeafHarris Dairy 57 Continental Oil Co 54 want anything more? Unless it be But he is not left in peace. His

are lands, quiet, wealth he values house country and which andDeseret Press 6 solitude 5 News else, all does not possess. him. but taken being above He surely from AndEastman Stores, Inc Kodak 54 in so obligations of he is enmeshed become what will many when him

Eureka Vacuum Cleaner Co 61 that he cannot shut himself up in peace stripped of all his possessions? Heis

First Security Corp.. (Inside Back Cover) for long at a time, for be takes his powill do nothing except to dig himself

Gammeter, Emil (Grayson Ranch) 52 sition in the world seriously. Engdeeper into the little bit of England

Ghirardelli, D. Co 61 lishmen have the habit of public servyou leave to him, and be content with

Grant, Heber J. S Co 52 ice, and as a result forms a practically a pipe and a book, and a shabby arm

Hudson Bay Fur Co 60 incorruptible body of public servants. chair by the fire. He'll grumble, of

fight course, that government any and It is that avthe a strange anomaly FuelKnight 62 Co privileges, his attacks but or wealth erage parmore Englishman is much

BusinessL. D. S. College 53 he'll give inch life his inch, as much by his way ticular public than about

McCune School of Music and Art 55 private one. He may be, at home, from a sense of duty as anything else.

National Building & Loan Assn 59 lazy, dissipated, selfish, and yet at the And when it is all over, and everyPembroke ft Company 58 head of a government department he thing is taken from him, he'll take a

Quish School of Beauty Culture 56 will be indefatigably industrious, instick and a dog and a pair of glasses

Royal Setting Gelatin 61 corruptibly honest and capable of comslung over his shoulder, and start out

Salt Lake Cabinet & Fixture Co 52 plete selflessness. I have known many, for a long, solitary ramble. And the

well, have and found and them known for will leave worry England soon Salt Lake 53 Stamp Co in that is involved every of them one will be a he again and happy Sego Milk Company his going, giving and 60 keeping England inarticulate unconscious,

Inc him,man—an Jos. 58 Taylor, Wm., is freely. concerned service with He poet. will listen he in stop and And Gas CokeUtah Co hospitals drains, lunaschools, the & and

rapture a to small feathered songster, (Inside Front Cover) tics older ones the of country. The

Utah High School of Beauty Culture59 think that England would go to the but there will be no rapture on his

U. S. A. C. CorrespondenceStudy dogs if they let loose of these and other face. There will be nothing about him

Dept. 6 3 matters. He loves his England, and is to indicate to the passerby the kind of

perfectly content with it, and all he man he once was, still is, and ever asks is to be left in peace to enjoy it. will be.

SaveforaSannyDay the FirstSecurity Way

Passports to Independence "pIRST SECURITY Savings Accounts have proved to be passports to independence for hundreds of persons—enabling

the way to home ownership some to get out of debt—leading

for to acquire interestbearing bonds or others—helping many

to launch businesses of their own.

Consult the Savings Officer of any of the following.

He can aid you.

Security National Bank and First Security Trust Payette, Mountain Home, Gooding, Jerome, Rupert,

Company, Salt Lake; First National and First SavShoshone, Hailey, Blackfoot, Ashton, Montpelier and

ings Banks, Ogden; Thatcher Bros. Banking Co., Preston, Idaho; Rock Springs and South Superior,

Logan; Knight Trust & Savings Bank, Provo; Wyoming; Richmond, Magna, Garfield and Bingham,

Anderson Bros. Bank, Idaho Falls, Idaho; and First Utah.

Security Banks at Boise, Pocatello, Nampa, Emmett,

ifftpwti Largest Intermountain Banking Organization

MIGHTY TO UGH SO MANY LOVING FATHERS WAIT TOO LONG TO PURCHASE THAT PROTECTION SO NECESSARY—THE CONSEQUENCE IS, THEIR LOVED ONES ARE OFTEN COMPELLED TO SUFFER FOR THE GRAVE MISTAKE.

LIFE INSURANCE IS THE ONE SAFE METHOD TO GUARD AGAINST THE POSSIBILITY OF WANT AND PRIVATION FOR

YOURSELF AND FAMILY.

A SAVINGS FUND IF YOU LIVE TO PROVIDE FOR THEM.

AN ESTATE THAT WILL CARRY ON IN YOUR PLACE SHOULD YOU BE CALLED BEYOND.

MORE HARDSHIPS HAVE BEEN PREVENTED AND MORE COMFORTS PROVIDED BY LIFE INSURANCE THAN BY ANY

OTHER FORM OF FINANCIAL PROVISION.

SEE A REPRESENTATIVE OF 9/,t BIG HOME COMPANY

KNOW THE MANY SPECIAL FEATURES OFFERED BY

fe BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO

HEBER J. GRANT, Prudent SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH E. T. RALPHS, General Mgr.

NO WISE MAN DARES BE WITHOUT LIFE INSURANCE PROTECTIONX. 9 jT

''"''::.#*"''''. '-'