;., '''C-'\

..-.:i---?"ftifc-.

,mmmmml

f%f:n4:

,i=S(**J R is for Rhino—who's

proud of his hide.

It's thick and it's Tough, And it's wearproof beside

I is for Ibex—

a FastStepping sport.

He kicks up his heels—

is off with a snort!

RHINIBEX

Now mix them both up, and mix them up well, And there, sir, you have the New Golden Shell!

Like two oils in one, it's Tough and it's Fast, It Cuts Starting Wear and how it does last!

Starting causes More Engine Wear than all the running... New Golden Shell Motor Oil is FastFlowing to reduce this wear... Tough so it

stands the heat of steady driving.

The New Motor Oil "'WA - 0.,

""- '*si:

A NEW SEARS CUSTOMER

"AGAINST the night the weak defy Hail Rex Jimmy! We promise to be Mothers, fathers... everywhere-, -"'

XX. of a gurgling, strangled baby as faithful to you as we have been to... have discovered that their new 1937 *".:.

cry"... and another new king takes generations of your proud ancestors. Sears Spring and Summer Catalog is --'"'

up his scepter of love. Don't scowl so... you're not going the finest ever put out... more modern

Here in America it is the custom to find it very tough... with a Sears and beautiful merchandise... where

for Sears, Roebuck and Co. to meet Catalog on the table, a mail box out strength counts, greater dependability

the stork at the door... with everyin front and your good man, the letter and service... quality considered...

thing the little crownhead is going to carrier, to do your bidding; everything's LOWER prices!

need... downysoft bootees, snuggly going to be peaches and cream... Morning, noon and night...use

blankets... Mother and Sears have through childhood... up the hill to your Sears Catalog... and if you don't

planned it all... the surgicallyclean manhood... down the gentle slope of have one, borrow your neighbor's.

Castile soap, the faintlyfragrant talcum, old age. At least we, here at Sears, The more you use it, the more you'll

the threecornered trousers and the will do our best to make it so. have... both in merchandise and money

"won't stick"safety pins... we take Mother'U tell you, and so will Dad,... at the end of the year.

no chance of calling down on our heads that Sears goods are laboratorytested And, from the Nation's great economy his royal ire. and ironclad-guaranteed beyond the headquarters, greetings to every new

And Father isn't worried over the exr possibility of flaw... that somehow SEARS customer! We welcome you into

pense of the coronation... with Sears Sears just naturally give you more and the Sears family!

tailors to his majesty, one dogeared charge you less. And they'll teach you,

five dollar bill pays the cost. (See your by heart, America's other National

new Sears Spring and Summer Catalog.) Anthem... "Shop at Sears and Save!"SEARS, ROEBUCK AND CO.

Copyright 1937 by Sears, Roebuck and Co.

Heber J Grant, John A. Widtsoe,

Editors Improvement Richard L. Evans,

Managing Editor IMarba C, Josephson, Associate Editor 3 7MAY, 19 George Q. Morris, General Mg r.VOLUME 40 Clarissa A. Beesley, Associate Mgt.

J. K. Orton, Business Mgt.

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"

OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS,MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTDO YOU KNOWCOMMITTEE, MUSIC WARD OF EDUCATION,MENT early life of the newly appointThe OF THE CHURCH AGENCIESTEACHERS, OTHER AND The Glory of God is Intelligence'Apostle? SAINTS. Page 278 ed LATTERDAY OF JESUS CHRISTOF

The past record of the new Superintendent of the Y. M. M. I. A.

Page 282 TABLE OF CONTENTS Who the two new members of the (church cfeatures Church Security CommitteePageare?306

General Authorities - 277 fast offerings increased much 278 How Quinney Joseph Albert E. Bowen over 1935? Page 291 in 1936 Stevens 282 A* Morris Stringam Quayle George

Highlights of the 107th Annual Conference The average number of missionaries

Richard L. Evans 288 in the field during 1936?-.Page 291

The Story of Our Hymns George D. Pyper 296

new mission presidents? 301 The the Church in Samoa Wm W, Waddoups How Fares Pages 303 and 323 302 Response to His Call Albert E. Bowen's

Melchizedek, 306; Priesthood: On, Church Moves been has long the Gospel 310; How of Educa314; Department Teaching, Aaronic, 312; Ward 301302 in preached Pages Samoa?-

tion, 315; Mutual Messages: Executives, 316; Adults, 316;

MenGleaners, Gleaners, 317; 318; Seniors, 317; Men, M M circumstances what under and Girls, When 320; BeeHive 321; Scouts, Juniors, Explorers, 320; 318; driven were the from Mormons

321. 320, Field 319, 317. Photos: 322; Colonia Page Diaz? 298

What program is planned for June

Special C/eatures Conference? Page 316

Houses or Homes George A. Baker 284 How the B. Y. U. manages dances

No Dance Programs La Relle Nelson 292 without programs? Page 292

Sefton 293 Alice Allene Athletics in A Dilemma athletic activities girls should 294 What Girl H. Welker of Today Elizabeth German The enter? Page Remembering Colonia Diaz S. C. Richardson, Jr 298 293

Homing: For Children's Summer Reading, Marba C. JosephHow the German girl is living toson, 307; On The Book Rack, 324; Exploring the Universe, day?.., Page 294

327; Index to Advertisers, 327; Your Page and Ours, 336.

Who wrote Ko-i Chito, the Indian

Boy? Page 308

ibaitorials Albert E* Bowen John A, Widtsoc 304 Whatdiscusstwo Mormons?books recently publishedPage 324

George Q. Morris John A. Widtsoe 304

304 Widtsoe A. Priesthood John Meeting General

countries are connected by the What 305 Still Josephson C, "Be and Know That I Am God'.-Marba largest telephone cable ever manufactured? Page 327

to pronounce authority?CJiction ana [Poetry How Page 336

Peace Over Camp Dorothy Clapp Robinson 285

The Outlaw of Navajo Mountain... Albert R. Lyman 286 EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL

Beneath the Surface Conrey Bryson 309 50 North MainOFFICES:Street, Salt Lake

City, Utah Puzzle, 326, FrontisScriptural 303; Crossword Page, Poetry

the 1937, Copyright bq Young Men's Mutual 276. Restoration, Led to That Path piece: The Association Corporation Improvement of the

Church of Jesus Christ of Lattec'dag Saints,

All rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.00

Office, Salt Lake City. at the Post Entered

for matter. as secondclass AcceptanceQjhe Clover aUtah,i/ear, in advance; 20c Single Copy.

of rate special postage provided at mailing commonly City, is Street, Salt most Lake structure at 40 North Main IMPOSING 1917. in for 1103, of October, section ActTHIS

direct 2, 1918. authorized Bishopric July Presiding the Building. here the Bishop's From as to referred

is responsible not Improvement Era The and membership current the here are kept Priesthood, and the of Aaronic the affairs but conunsolicited for manuscripts, welcomes of the for is edifice clearinghouse most a of This the Church.financial records tributions.

temporal activities and transactions of a worldwide organization. On the upper floors

of this building are housed also the general offices of the Y. W. M. L A., The Relief Society, and the Primary Association. A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY

The unusual photographic treatment is by D. F. Davis. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

.,

Visit Acapuico, Mexico, Panama ( Balboa and Cristobal ).. uiH<

cross the Caribbean to Havana... en route to New York

Ou o

3 CHILD o OS "desermtlwM!

jfi

Getting children to drink the milk they need is no problem if you use the "sweet psychology"that comes with every can of GHiRARDELLi's. For mothers

of milktired children learned this long ago: Coaxing won't do

it... chocolate will!

\!i-::'':td

But don't forget this: when we

say "chocolate"we mean "chocolate"... not cheap cocoas or

insipid chocolate mixtures that may taste sweet but that have little substance.

Sail the largest That'sput theirwhyfaithhealthwisein GHlRARDFLLl'smothers liners coast to coast..,... They know that a cup of

Panama Pacific's S. S. California, sweetGHIRARDELLI'Sdrink... isit'smorea realfood!than aVirginia, Pennsylvania—25% roundtrip rate reduction now Rich in bodybuilding protein'

In calcium and phosphorus!

jr\. Panama Pacific voyage gives Two weeks to New York: From In Vitamins A, D and G!

more for your money! Smoothest $125 Tourist Cabin. From $225

sailing. Marvelous meals. Aircon- First Class ($250 at certain sea- $AYGEAR*AR*DELLY

ditioned dining salons. All outside sons). 25% rate reduction on

it and when comes to baking steamer in bystaterooms; now twin beds. Two open roundtrip

and dessertmaking, Ghirardelli's rail effect. "Circle Tours"or by pools onair swim magnificent each ail! is It tops them everything you starting water from your ownliner. sports. of Choice Sunbath- need in cocoa chocolate; and everying. Deck dancing to 7 -piece orhome town; go either way by thingin-one! Send today for our

steamer. Also steamerplane tours. prizewinnmg Recipe Packet... itchestra. First -run talkies. Bars,

Sightseeing shows toways many uncommon Roundtrip in MEXICO!libraries, public handsome rooms, by sea. three and Two weeks at low, input adventure into cooking. Mail coupon below.gym, children's costs. nurse. clusive with room (Also vacations inPanama.)

fVrite, ask your Travel Agent, or call—

D. Ghirardelli Company,

910 North Point St., San Francisco.

Please send me, free, a copy of your prizewinning "sweet sixteen"RECIPE PACKET. (E-3) JmmaPaaficLme

DOuglas 8680 -665 Market St., San Francisco NameAmerican Express Company, 26 W. Second South Street, Salt Lake or any Railroad Agent

AddressThe path that led to RESTORATION Jif ang af fxn lark mtaJ0m. Ut I|im usk

of ($ah, H|at gtuptly to all mptt Itorallg.

mh nphtmhttl not;

nnh it aljaU bf giuptt

I Never did any passage of scripture come with more power to the heart of man than this did at this time to mine.."—Joseph Smith

Path leading into the Sacred Grove, near Manchester, Wayne County,

New York. Copyright

1935, Daniel B. McRae.

Elder McRae, a research worker with the Eastman Kodak Company, Rochester, N. Y., has photography as a hobby, and has

taken many delightlul studies of early Church.scenes.

GENERAL AUTHORITIES CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

As sustained by the membership of the Church assembled in

General Conference, April 6, 1937

THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

PRES. J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. PRES. HEBER J. GRANT PRES. DAVID 0. McKAY

THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

RUDGER CLAWSON REED SMOOT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH GEORGE F. RICHARDS JOSEPH F. SMITH STEPHEN L RICHARDS

RICHARD R. LYMAN MELVIN J. BALLARD JOHN A. WIDTSOE JOSEPH F. MERRILL CHARLES A. CALLIS ALBERT E. BOWEN

THE FIRST COUNCIL OF SEVENTY

J. GOLDEN KIMBALL RULON S. WELLS LEVI EDGAR YOUNG ANTOINE R. IVINS SAMUEL 0. BENNION JOHN H. TAYLOR RUFUS K. HARDY

THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC

BISHOP DAVID A. SMITH BISHOP SYLVESTER Q. CANNON BISHOP JOHN WELLS

Albert E.——BOWEN

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

'T'he story of a life of service that began in a log cabin in Idaho and led to a brilliant career as

JURIST and advocate, AND IS NOW CONSUMMATED BY A CALL TO APOSTLESHIP.

ALBERT E. BOWEN of life when but a child. The rule

of conservation Mas a part of his

By JOSEPH QUINNEY earlyhard training.experience,Hethelearned,value throughof time,

President o[ Logan Temple and therefore utilized it. He was

considerate of those with whom he

dislearned appreciated the andTHE BIRTH of Albert Ernest associated as companions. He blessed a humble Bowen acquaint'author, a lifelong home TT'he a wellregulated home. cipline of the on of October, 31st day friend * ance and intimate of Al1876, at Henderson Creek near bert E. Bowen, has here given warm The obedience which he gave to

his father noble devoted into insight and chav'the background,Samaria, Idaho. the sevwas He

this acfer, distinguished career and of to not a mother duty be was in childenth ten; family of a called has been who man privilege into reluctantly a but endured, the son.and parents youngest His the councils higher the Church. of

life highly sought. His to be homeof fine English stock and Welsh

were pioneers; the father, David was built upon the principle of love,

to aBowen, with came handUtah vicissitudes faith with of life IN IDAHO, unLOG SAMARIA, and CABIN AT WHICH cart in the 1856, company and IN REARED ALBERT BOWEN AND WAS of courage. daunted a prayer With LIVED AGE UNTIL HEE. WHICH ABOUT THEmother, Shackleton Annie Bowen, EIGHTEEN. OF PICTURE WAS THIS WHEN gratitude to sleep they at night. sank acrosswalked plains the oxwith an SINCE FAMILY THE TAKEN BOWEN LONG HAD

team company in 1860. They were Albert E. Bowen knew the value DESERTED THIS CABIN.

full of faith and unafraid of work.

Indeed, they taught their offspring the value and beauty of labor, and the need of the gift of faith.

The early life of Elder Bowen was spent upon the farm, in the timbers, among the sheep and cattle.

The homes in which the Bowen family lived were humble—the usual

log cabins of those early days. His

meager earnings went to assist in supporting the growing family, as did the earnings of the other members of the family. The struggles

of the family were many. Indeed,

many times, but before his day, they were without the real necessities of life. Nevertheless they faced the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1937

power. As the days passed they developed into commanding personalities. These Bowen brothers distinguished themselves as students at

DAVID BOWEN AND the B. Y. C, and later fulfilled the SHACKLETON ANNIE

FATHER AND BOWEN, E. promise of their youth, when Charles ALBERT MOTHER OF

BOWEN, FROM AN F. specialized in geology and, after

EARLIER PICTURE. extended training in Eastern Universities, became chief geologist for

the Standard Oil Company, which position he holds today; Albert E.

at first devoted himself to teaching and later to the practice of the law, in which he has been eminently successful.

It required only a short time until A. E. Bowen "arrived,"so to

speak. He found his place, and

from thenceforth was like a light set integrity and hard work. Each day vantage of the opportunities of the upon a hill. His college life stands

was approached with hope and deearly rural school that the communas a monument to courage and evertermination, and closed with conity could afford, as far as their lasting work. He carried away the

structive work well done. In those meager means would allow. thought that the path to a full and

early days the thought that was rich life is always open to the inuppermost in his mind was, "That r dividual unless he closes it himself.

which is worth having is worth From that time on, he never closed working for."the door leading to light. He gradBrother Bowen referred always to uated from the Brigham Young Colhis sainted mother as a student of lege in the year 1902 with a A. B.

life. Wellread in the finest literdegree and with distinction and high

ature of the ages, she poised and honors. He became a member of

graced the home with dignity and the faculty during his later years sustaining power. If he were asked at college and thus earned a little to

to state her greatness, he would help himself along. His love for

unhesitatingly say with John TemBrigham Young College glows like ple Graves: "If I should seek to the sun. This school will for all

touch the inward source of her greattime be his first alma mater. It taught

ness, I would lay my hand upon her him how to think; and this, together

heart. Love carried her messages with subsequent knowledge and exto all who came within the range of perience has taught him what to

her acquaintance, and the honest think. Though happy in the posthrob of human sympathies kept her session of the A. B. degree, and a

responsive to all things great and ALBERT E. BOWEN AS HE APPEARED AT demonstrated capacity for the protrue.""If there be but one thing ABOUTFROM AGEBRIGHAM22, FOLLOWINGYOUNG COLLEGE.HIS GRADUATIONLOGAN, fession of a teacher, he dreamed

pure where all else is sullied, that UTAH. dreams of further education and set

all else passeswill endure when surpassing If there be aughtaway. Albert Bowen and his brother, ALBERTFOLLOWINGE. BOWENHIS ASGRADUATIONHE APPEAREDFROMIN 1911THE

OF LAW AT THE UNIVERSITY OF left F., one SCHOOL Samaria Charles or thought, deed, or word,human CHICAGO.

in the year 1896 attitude, early autumn day love."it is a mother's His

thought, and word toward his for Logan and registered as students mother were eloquent and affectionat the Brigham Young College. The

ate. His deep regard and love for achievements of the Bowens are a

his father was unbounded, true and matter of record in that fine institugenuine. His relationship to his tion of learning. A. E. Bowen said

brothers and sisters was fine and that when they arrived in Logan splendid, always considerate of their they were the personification of unfinished, and their country recognizingwelfare and always life—green,afraid. But, life. again they very to familycontributions much

The Bowen family was well orbrought with them their great heriganized; consequently, there was tage—willingness to work—and

complete understanding between with this as their background they father and mother, sons and daughentered upon their college careers.

ters. The solution of family probNaturally, college life was an enlems was shared among the members tirely different problem to that of

of the family. Cooperation was alfarm life, the solution of which

ways a part of the family program. meant hours, days, and months of

They agreed among themselves that concentration of mind. They were

all should receive as much schooling poor in the material things of life, as possible, and therefore took adbut rich in ambition and mental

Thi IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1937

THE MOTHER, BROTHERS AND SISTERS OF

ALBERT E, BOWEN AS THEY APPEARED

ABOUT TEN YEARS AGO. FRONT ROW, LEFT

TO RIGHT: WALTER F. BOWEN, DAVID J.

BOWEN, LEWIS J. BOWEN; SECOND ROW CENTER, LEFT TO RIGHT: EMMA BOWEN YOUNG,

AND THE MOTHER OF THE FAMILY, MRS.

ANNIE SHACKLETON BOWEN; THIRD ROW,

LEFT TO RIGHT: C. F. BOWEN, ALBERT E.

BOWEN, MARY BOWEN HAWKINS, EDITH

BOWEN, AND AGNES BOWEN WALDRON.

about to have these dreams come true.

Immediately after graduation Elder Bowen accepted a call to take a mission to Germany. Before leaving he married Miss Aletha E.

Reeder of Hyde Park, Utah. She,

during his absence, worked in the

County Recorder's office at Logan, and from her small earnings contributed to his support during his time in the ministry. Elder Bowen

became an effective missionary; he

accepted all calls made of him, and his intelligent contribution to mission Chicago Law School, from which he the practice of law, one in San Franlife helped advance the work of God graduated in 1911 with distinction, cisco and the other in Salt Lake in that foreign land. He was honwith the degree of Doctor of JurisCity. They are much like their

orably released to return home after prudence. At this institution, as worthy father in physical appearhaving served for a period of three well as at the other schools of learnance and in character.

years. ing which he had attended, he has

Upon his arrival home he accepted received honors and recognition. At After his graduation from the

a position on the Brigham Young the time of his graduation from the University of Chicago Law

College faculty at Logan. He held University of Chicago Law School School Brother Bowmen entered into

this position until 1908, and became he was selected a member of the the practice of law as a member of recognized as a very efficient teachlegal honorary fraternity, "The Orthe Logan law firm of Nebeker, er, always clear in statement, whatder of the Coif". Only three men Thatcher and Bowen, later, after Mr,

ever the subject taught. He impressof each class are elected to this fraNebeker died, the firm of Thatcher

ed upon his pupils the principles of ternity and Albert E. Bowen was and Bowen. During his residence in

righteousness, honest thinking, and one of them. Logan he won the confidence of

honest doing. He never attempted Albert E. Bowen is the father of the entire community. He held

to teach unless he, himself, clearly twins, sons—Albert R. and Robert many positions of trust. He was

understood the fundamentals of the R. Bowen. Their mother passed on twice elected county attorney, and

subject matter. His ability was so in 1905 at the time of their birth. was nominated by the Republican

well recognized that he at one time She was a beautiful woman, full of party in 1916 for the State Supreme was offered the presidency of the grace and truth, and well able to Court. He always distinguished

Brigham Young College, and at anmeet the issues of life. The sons himself as a fearless and effective

other, a position on the faculty of have both filled missions in Gerdefender of the right. Logan peothe Utah State Agricultural Colmany an are graduates of the Uniple refer to him as a most effective

lege. versity of Utah, and of Stanford and intelligent teacher, attorney,

In the year 1908 he enteredthe University. They are engaged in and public servant.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1937

Jesus Christ. Soon after his arrival

in Salt Lake City, Elder Bowen was named a member of the General Sunday School Board. His contributions to this organization were

intelligent and constructive. He

served in this capacity until January, 1935, when he was called to serve as General Superintendent of the

Young Men's Mutual Improvement

Association. He has graced this

office with dignity and power, and has won the love and respect of his fellowworkers in this cause.

It must always be remembered that one of the delightful and most important things of life is the assoALETHA REEDER BOWEN (DEciation wife.CEASED), In 1916, FIRST of a good OF ALBERT WIFE A. ANNIE E. SHACKLETON, OF MOTHER ALBERT

E. BOWEN AND THE OF MOTHER NIECE, BOWEN, AND AS AP- A YOUNG THEY married Lucy E. Bowen EmmaHIS TWIN SONS. PEARED BEFORE LEAVING ENGLAND AS MORGates, a woman talented and culMON EMIGRANTS BACK IN 1860.

In the year 1920 he moved to Salt tured in the arts of life. Her voice

Lake City and became a member of has stirred and inspired thousands her home. She has lifted her voice

the law firm of Clark, Richards and upon thousands of people in foreign both in song and word in the delands in America. and She is highly fense of has of God. She the work firm, theBowen. now heads He

gifted in the musical, domestic, vorthy her sustained and upheld and as Quinney. His workBowen and

a lawyer has brought him in contact social arts. Above all she is a thorhusband in all his endeavors

with all classes of people. He has ough Latterday Saint. She moththroughout their married life.

handled the problems of individuals ered the two sons of Elder Bowen with the same accuracy, honesty, with devoted affection. She has alHThe qualities of life of A. E.

and fairness that he has given to the ways carried charm and beauty in Bowen are numerous. Outcases of great corporations which standing are his silent power, friendhe has represented. He has never THEBERT BOWENR. BOWENFAMILY,AND ROBERTLEFT TOR. BOWEN,RIGHT: TWINALship, loyalty, and faith.

is to appreciate theaccepted questionable or unethical SONSBOWEN.OF PRESENTALBERT LIVINGE. BOWEN;WIFE; LUCYAND ALBERTGATES To know him

business. His rule of life would E. BOWEN. {Concluded on page 311)

only permit of the very highest and the finest type of endeavor. In 1927

he was made Vice President of the

Utah Bar Association and the following year was made President of that organization. He enjoys the

confidence and respect of the legal fraternity and is recognized as one of the West's most able trial lawyers. In his profession he stands

above reproach.

The achievements of Elder Bowen are many. Never for a moment has

he lost sight of the value of the religious hfe. Never has he refused

any call made of him by the local or

General Authorities oi the Church.

He has ever given his best, realizing that nothing less than his best would satisfy. He has always carried the

thought that the greatest service that one man can do for others is to minister to the spiritual side of life, to bring men into the transforming fellowship of Jesus Christ. His power

has been felt in Religion Class work,

Sunday Schools, and Mutual Improvement Associations. Before

moving to Salt Lake City he was superintendent of the Cache Stake

Sunday Schools for four years, during which time, under his able management, the Sunday School work developed greatly. He has always

built upon the teachings of the Lord,

GEORGE QUAYLE MORRIS THE NEW SUPERINTENDENT OF THE YOUNG MEN'S MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATION

By STRINGAM A. STEVENS

Ol the Y. M, M, L A, General Board

'T'O A POSITION OF GREAT RESPONSIBILITY

COMES THIS EMINENTLY WELLQUALIFIED

MAN, WHOSE LIFE HAS BEEN ONE OF INTEGRITY, CONSISTENT SERVICE AND DEVOTION.

GEORGE Q. MORRIS

THEQuayleAPPOINTMENTMorris as Generalof GeorgeSuMormonismfrom north Walesin 1 852 asanda becameconvertoneto hamschools,Younghe firstUniversityattendedat Provothe Brigand of Utah's foremost pioneer builders, later the University of Utah from perintendent of the Young contractors, and leading Churchwhich he was graduated in 1899. AssoImprovement MutualMen's state the at L. in attendance His men. mother While was Mary fill the vacancy occasioned tociation polishing girl at university, of Morris, he worked an English Walker E. of Albert the selectionby his to schoolin- marble Bowen quiet in order refinement, pay for from he whom Council of the a memberto become also that period his nature, he herited his gentle was ing. During deep

of the Twelve, meets with the hearty love for the artistic and the beautiactively associated with the Mutual approval of a host of friends and ful, and his fine instincts for refineImprovement Association in hisadmirers throughout the Church. ment and culture. ward. served has he 1935, January,Since filled mission ster- a threeyear the next family in a Reared where He

first to Superintendent counseloras presfor thrift, a ling virtues year industry, England was and of and in filled has he which a positionBowen, District, serving ident faith of the London impressed upon were in God ability. outstanding dignity andwith of late Francis his the soul, early under learned youthful he M, Lyman,

The new General Superintendent the saving value of honest toil. As the Council of Twelve. While on

brings to this important office a rich a boy he became an expert in polishhis mission in England, Elder Morris background of experience and a rare ing marble by hand labor in his formed a close friendship with that combination of those superior traits father's shop and, like the stoneestimable gentleman and stalwart of character and personality which cutter who said that he was building Church convert. Colonel R. M.

preeminently qualify him for this a cathedral, young George Morris Bryce Thomas, who is now ninetyhigh calling. To those who know enjoyed his work, for he too was two years of age and who wrote the

is the personification best, hehim misbuilding strong muchused and oftenquoted a noble edifice—a culture, loyalty, dependability,of [or pamphlet him honest human soul. work sionary To My Reasons

strength, gentleness, industry, fairwas never drudgery, but always an Leaving the Church o[ England and ness, and deep spirituality. All of opportunity. It is said by members Joining the Church of Jesus Christ

his busy life he has been full of of his family that "he never caused of Latterday Saints. Among his

faith, patient, diligent, and reliable. his mother a moment's anxiety, that missionary companions were Utah's

He is in every sense and in any comhe was always obedient and seemed present Governor Henry H. Blood,

pany, a true gentleman, with all that possessed of neverfailing goodand Justice William H. Folland of

the name implies. ness."And yet he was a "boy's the Utah State Supreme Court.

Born February 20. 1874, in Salt boy,"funloving, playful, full of Shortly before his departure for

Lake City, George Q. Morris is the physical vigor and activity. England, George Q. Morris'father

son of Elias Morris, who emigrated After completing the grade died and upon returning to Utah in

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1937

1902, he became associated with his brother, Nephi L, Morris, in the conduct of his father's business. He is

now President and General Manager of that pioneer institution, Elias

Morris & Sons. He is also President

of the Prudential Federal Savings &

Loan Association, is a member of the Salt Lake Chamber of Commerce, a director of the Travelers'

Aid Society, and a member of the

Utah Pioneer Trails and Landmarks Association executive committee.

Tn 1904, Elder Morris was made superintendent of the Salt Lake

Stake Mutual Improvement Association, a position which he held until 1908, when he was released to become a counselor in the bishopric of the Fourteenth Ward of Salt

Lake Stake. In 1913 he was again cians. Superintendent and Mrs. THEOF THERETIRINGY. M. GENERALM. I. A. SUPERINTENDENCYLEFT TO RIGHT:

Q. FIRST MORRIS, ASSISTANT; Morris GEORGE charming FORMER have three and stake superintendent A. made M. I.

E. SUPERINTENDALBERT BOWEN, FORMER daughters. Marian Miss after that soon bishop gifted and became L. ENT; FRANKLIN SECOND WEST, FORMER

of the Fourteenth Ward, serving in Morris, French instructor at the ASSISTANT SUPERINTENDENT.

that position until 1924, when he was University of Utah; and Miss

made a member of the Y. M. M. I. Margery and Miss Helen Morris. Morris has been his service to The

A. General Board. In 1928 he was In 1932, while attending the dediImprovement Era. Much earlier in

made counselor to President Winscation of the monument at Independhis long career of service to the low F. Smith in the Ensign Stake ence Rock, that great landmark on Church when he was affiliated in

presidency, from which position he the pioneer trail in eastern Wyoofficial capacity with the Salt Lake was released to become First Asming, which is called the "register Stake Y. M. M. I. A. organization

sistant General Superintendent of of the Desert,"Elder Morris climbed he brought about an unusual record the Young Men's Mutual Improveto the top of that huge granite, for that stake in placing the Era in ment Association in January, 1935. domeshaped hill and found there, the homes of its people. But his

In 1905 he married Emma Ramcarved deep in the imperishable greatest contribution came, when, as sey, one of Utah's talented musistone, the words: "Elias Morris, chairman of the Era committee of

1852". The rugged strength of the Y. M. M. I. A. General Board

character of his pioneer father, prior to 1929, he visualized a greater there symbolized so graphically on magazine which would truly reprethat mountain side, points to the sent the Church and combat the outstanding characteristics of Suevils of "crooked thinking"so prevperintendent Morris. He is a quiet, alent in the current literature of the

modest, reserved man, selfpossess- times. Due largely to his efforts, a

ed, patient, eloquent in a subdued new committee was organized, the manner, and never loquacious. Deep cooperation of the officers of the

within his great soul is a wellbal- Young Women's Mutual Improveanced strength and an iron will and ment Association was secured, and, tenacity which gets things done. after months of exhaustive research,

He has a cheerful, friendly disposirecommendations were made which tion and a keen sense of humor inled to combining the Era and The herited from his Welsh ancestors. Young Woman's Journal to make

His associates know that he is full the present Era with its enlarged of purpose, faithful to his highest size and scope. As chairman of the

ideals, deeply orthodox and "withexecutive committee of The Imout flaw"in his religious convictions; provement Era since 1929, and as its

his personal conduct is always exGeneral Manager since 1935, Suemplary and he never disappoints. perintendent Morris has seen the

He is studious and systematic; he fulfillment of his dream in the presnever shifts ground or changes his ent successful and widely read repposition for the sake of convenience; resentative Church magazine.

he deals with facts and principles, The Mutual Improvement Assoand analyzes and evaluates all ciation throughout the Church is to things in the light of eternal verities. be congratulated upon having as its

Nor is he ever known to gossip or General Superintendent a man so deal lightly with the character of well trained and so well qualified

ALBERT E. BOWEN AND GEORGE Q. MORRIS his fellow men. to lead this great work. This posiPICTURED CONGRATULATING EACH OTHER ON

OCCASIONTHE TO Perhaps one of the most outstandtion of trust has come to a man to OF THEIR APPOINTMENTS

HIGHER OFFICES. ing achievements of George Q. whom trust is sacred.

or Houses Homes

By GEORGE A. BAKER

Bank of America N. T. and S. A.,

Superintendent, Los Angeles Stake

Y. M. M. I. A.

'HAT WE NOW NEED OVERWHELMINGLY AND w URGENTLY, AS OUR FOREFATHERS NEEDED RELIGIOUS FREEDOM, AS EuROPE NEEDS PEACE, AS OUR LUNGS

NEED AIR IS AN AMERICAN HOME IN WHICH WE MAY ENJOY

ALL OF THE MODERN CONVENIENCES AND STILL MAINTAIN THE

SPIRIT OF THE HOME AND THOSE NECESSARY FAMILY IDEALS.

"A home is a littleused building that to its heart, for they were inherent GEORGE A. BAKER

in the family ties which gripped,garage."—Selected.usually stands on the same lot with the

A. born Baker was GEORGE

his parents, Dublin, Ireland, UPON a time—as the controlled,groups had andno needshelteredto repeatit. oathsSuchONCEstory books of a bygone of loyalty to their God, their counFrederick and Wilhelmina Baker,in

converts being to the Church. The try its laws. and

entire to emigrated family America era put it—there was a now, And how fares the modern in April, 1920, thehome. during European

hotels apartment Great and home? Mission Presidency Elder George of nothing was Architecturally—it buildings, of are beauwhich models AJbert Smith. he boyhood Duringto size, boast about. in rudiSmall

in Priestactive always was Aaronic in ty design, of perfection the acme in in construction,mentary angular writer's affairs. hood Church The in lighting, luxuriconvenience and

activities, ininform, color, in number, numerous of drab bare convenin furnishings ous appointment, and to clude Britain, a mission Greatiences, progress conhas modern cells into are tiny 19241926. subdivided or

it as unsightly undemned and cells clusters of of is myriads which also Brother graduate a Bakersanitary.

the Institute ol American Bankof call people are home. no There

to Furnished durabilwith an eye ing position holds executive and an fires to keep, build to or water no ity with the utility National only, America of Bank and heated stoves by fill, to to chores lamps no no Association. Trust Savings and fireplaces inor spots, ventilated by carry, to do. places are back come They "In connection the with accomicy blasts through or crevcracks

in. to, live to not but places article,"panying writes They A. George

ices, lighted or candles kerosene by "it interest to Baker, you know may affection grip the of hold or do not lamps, tin pail watered by a and the family. thatris, who,Superintendentalong withGeorgeBrotherQ. KirkMor- dipper, alikea hospitable to flies

his hours Father spends working in at attendance ham, our was M. far cryand was a wayfarers,—it I. dedicated Convention, our A. at lathe, desk, the or counter. Mothscientific presentfrom our hyand occupied idea newly This home. may er meeting attend shop or must andgienic age. people, but are amuse many we times. the run between house Sonny in isolated But, loneliness, to orthodox oldfashioned it shut and enough

sister to school must go and and want it."within a family. its walls A family

its activities. varied keep up with tothat from sun to sun worked

gether, played together, planned toThey make home a port of call in gether, met and surmounted comtime for the evening meal. which so far as the solidarity of the

mon problems together. At every At night, the movies, the theatre, American home is concerned are

minute of the day, each member of the automobile, and other amusecentrifugal forces, throwing the the family knew what the others ments are beckoning fingers, enticcommon experiences, the associawere doing. At night they gathing the family away from home. tions, and training of the family

ered about the kitchen table to read, I do not by any means intend to away from the home. Coincident

play games, pop corn, or plan for imply that the homes of the past with this trend there have also tomorrow. That home was both were perfect in idealism or in pracarisen various menacing isms—incenter and circumference of the unitice, nor that modern homes are ternationalism, socialism, communverse for the family. lacking in the virtues and moraliism, atheism, fascism, to say nothTrue they had their handicaps, ties. Any such sweeping statement ing of free love and easy divorces.

too: inferior schools, scant opporwould be as untrue in one case as No, a return to the "good old

tunity for recreation, little in the in the other. I am attempting meredays,"is not advocated, but just the

way of finances. That family was ly to describe a tendency incident same, let it be known, those bygone

primitive. It put first things first. to our industrialization, to the divigenerations had homes. Homes in

It dealt with nature in her varied sion of labor, to the concentration which under comparatively primitive moods. The old timehonored and of our people in cities and to other conditions, the children unconsciousstrain-tested moralities were close forces, recreational and otherwise. {Concluded on page 322)

Peace over camp By DOROTHY CLAPP ROBINSON

'T'he story of a woman who looked back once but nevermore looked aught but straight

AHEAD.

mine. Five months since we have

our own wagon. Is it long for you?"

, ND YOU will promBreta turned her head. Her eyes "fl,

ise me, Helmer?"picked up one by one the white

"Promise?"The man looked wagon tops, the quickly constructed

down at the slim figure who sat besod houses. They saw here and

side him on the wagon tongue. there, people hurrying about through fiant expectancy; but of this fragile

"After what you told me can I rethe cold. In a circle of wagons a thing by his side he knew little. He

fuse you something?"He spoke in man was feeding a huge fire. They had heard casually, even before his

faltering English, "Tell me, my flashed to the great gray bowl of marriage, of women's strange fears

Breta, what I promise."inverted sky above it all then turned and notions; but, so men said, they

For a moment the girl watched his westward where an allencompass- would pass when their time was fulface uncertainly. She drew her ing gray prairie rolled away until it filled. He knew little to say that

shawl more closely about her shoulmerged with the sky. would put faith and courage back

ders and knocked her shoes to- "I fear it,"she whispered and he into the heart of this girl wife. That

gether for warmth. felt her body tremble. "See, Helmer, clearly was work for her mother.

It was a strong face she watched, how cruel and overbearing it is. It He could only love her and hold her

from unruly hair to square set chin, does such hard things, Helmer. Such safe.

and would have been harsh but for horrible things to mothers.""You haven't told me, my Breta,"

kindly gray eyes. She must step "You are overwrought,"he soothhe said in Danish, "what it is I must

carefully. Helmer was not one to ed with one big hand pushing back promise."

rush into things. Action, for him, the windblown hair from her foreHe held her face between his two

must be preceded by purpose and head. "Your mother about this you great hands and turned it to meet

would he see her purpose? How must tell. She will know how to his. With a shock he noticed the

could he when she, herself, could help."pinched look about her mouth, the

scarcely reason it out? She could "No, no."The girl sat suddenly hollows in her cheeks, but what he

only feel. But just now his eyes erect. "You must not tell mother. saw in her eyes shook him with a

were especially tender and the arm She would not let us."great uneasiness. Not many times

about her held her close. "She won't let us what?"had he seen such stark, unreasoning

"How long, Helmer, since we left "It is the promise you made. Two fear.

Aaborg?"she asked. years, you said, since we left Aa- "What is it?"he demanded.

"Two years and already you borg. Two years and in all that "What is it, my wife?'have been time wespeak like born. the American Two promised.""Remember you going—going. moving. a place to Neveryears. that day Always proud I am How tell me.""Ya. Ya. But

girl reach Nauvoo.we was so rest—and prairie—no No take East must me away. "You

beautiful as vinds,"Dese my Breta. little lakes—nonow thisstreamscold to to break the instead west. of Take. me backhe paused to try again for he must dreariness—nothing but grayness the States. If we start at once we

stretching barrenness and on andnot this be outstripped nimbleby on. shall able Grove be Garden to make

in it there you are caught up Oncetongued in girl, "these winds AmerIt this breaks. storm before may

ica turn the skin brown quickly but can be no returning."not break for a few days,"she addit shall be fair again when this joured hastily.

ney is over."Ahe MAN drew his black The man looked at her in bewilThe girl heard him but her mind brows together. He must speak to derment. "Go back to Nauvoo?

was on this thing she must ask him. her mother. He, great Helmer HelLose all the distance we have gain-

""And how long, Helmer, since merson, was strong beyond the ed? He was still speaking in his

we Avere married?"power of most men. He could cope mother tongue. "But how could

The man made a great show of with stubborn, lumbering oxen or that help? Our people are leaving

counting on his fingers. "August, unruly horses. He could put courthere. Besides the storm is nearly

September, October, November, Deage in the hearts of despairing men. on us."

cember. See, this time not one I He could even look at this cold chalBreta took one swift glance at his

forget. Five months since you are lenging prairie and laugh with de- [Continued on page 325)

The OUTLAW of NAVAJO MOUNTAIN

ofhe Story of IPosey, JLast yakilte Outlaw

By ALBERT R. LYMAN

lawin the wild and Arizona,THEless STORYregion ofTHUaFourcorners,PAR: whereDown Utah, New

Mexico, and Colorado come together, more than half a century ago Kit Carson rounded up the Navajos and drove them into Santa Fe, New Mexico, to keep them there in the "bullpen"for three years. While the Navajos were being

thus harshly disciplined, a disaffected handful of PahUtes broke away from their tribe north of the San Juan River and took possession of Navajo Mountain in Navajo territory.

When the Navajos came back, these PahUte renegades refused to vacate the Navajo resulted. the central character Sowagerie (Posey), blood country bad of this and story, Chapter XI—A Dark Pass Bitseel, a cradle one up in PahUte renegades. of the was a child of anarchy. of He grew

a son of the ousted Navajos, was Posey's most bitter enemy. Frequent raiding parties

between the two tribes and the killing and plundering of unsuspecting travelers, cattlemen, their rejoin that resulted love to in complications deserters and ranchers, forced the PahUte 1893. and.N July, I

tribe. tense situation sent in 1879 a colony In the midst was of this down of Mormons little at in the camp to peace reigned

relationships largely country, settle with improving for the San of Juan father, the renethe Peavine. Posey's

their skilled dialect chief in Indian Indians. and Thales Haskel was man theinterpreter—apurpose whitehaired and gade Cheepoots, to other continued the PahUtes each psychology. and and Navajos prey upon But

upon the Mormon settlement. The feud between Posey and Bitseel continued, in gambling tottering with age, and the survivgames and in subtle and secret warfare. During one skirmish when cowboy avengers ing one of his two squaws, Posey,

scattered the tribe, the renegade son, Sowagerie, was momentarily separated from the Toorah, the two little boys, and interlude little sister the brief leader. This tribe PahUte marked with Toorah, of Poke, Posey's brother Scotty and his

to that bravely caused change his Sowagerie romance the beginning name of a smoldering to Posey and vainly dress himself in fine clothes, braid his hair, and put on war paint. squaw made up the group.

This interest in his little sister, however, was relentlessly disapproved by Poke, who They had venison, buckskin, flour, as referred "apostate""skunk,"to him. and so Posey looked The PahUte upon the in abunneedful bacon—everything

at best, into factions organized tribe, loosely broke was not when up enemy a common restand dance. They hunted

period Posey's Toorah, beloved, threatening. one such of disorganization, During dised as they pleased, every day a vain. Finally, all Posey's searchings for her her brothers and were Posey with appeared

consulted Thales Haskel and was told his luck would improve if he quit lying, stealing, hohday. Their goats with bulging

and marauding. Doubtfully, and as a last resort, Posey did try the suggested remedy paunches gave milk a-plenty for all

halfheartedly. Posey finally secured vague information concerning Toorah's whereabouts, hands including the dogs, and their

and these two lovers madly dashed to freedom. Their new found freedom together was sleek ponies carried them over the

place. their hiding stumbled interrupted, however, upon Poke accidentally when soon But trail in ease and style. They had to surly threatening compromise. in trouble Posey and his ugly now gave way he was

entered upon the most recklessly happy part of his life. Many of his enemies were Bitseel's invincible sorrel to ride for

appeased or otherwise disposed of; Toorah was his own; and in the frequent interchanges special chuckles of exultation, and

of gambling, theft, and treachery, he seemed to keep even, or better than even, with his they had in mind a cherished list of

Bitseel, to big the Navajo. traditional warning His him worry was Haskel's enemy, and attractive horses to drive away for

their evil unless they overtake abandoned ways. his that tragedy would them people winter supplies.

this enemies fact overtaken Posey's had and friends, "medicine"and some of Haskel's made a fleeting impression on his mind—but only fleeting. In the April installment a In August, according to their cusvicious gambling affray involving Posey and his hated enemy Bitseel the Navajo caused tom, they went to spend a week

Posey to forget all his good resolutions and abandon himself once more to a life of utter feasting on fruit and melons in Bluff.

lawlessness, even to defying the authority of the United States Government in their They camped under a spreading the to in Colorado. Reservation to temporary But the Ute PahUtes repeated efforts move in his Cottonwood on the river bank and to sense led this false security a in and false matter power Posey success of

assumption that the stubbornness of him and his people had dissuaded the Government drove their horses out on the sandfrom its purpose—but he was wrong in this conclusion. hills west of town. Of course they

286, THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1937

hurried down through the fields to the camp on the river bank.

The Indians hoped that by some

A GROUP OF magic of faith or skill this resourcePAH-UTES AT

THE stricken the save might ful woman

THE BASECLIFFOF the "Aunt"been had Jody JUST NORTH OF squaw.

BLUFF, THE THE V I EW, successful and only doctor for the

NORTHEAST. little village during thirteen years

and meeting all emergencies, surely she could help Toorah.

It was a hopeless case. The nurse-l

woman bent in tears and anguish!

over the stricken wife and mother, but she had to leave them to meet the stern inevitable, for it could not fail to come within a few agonizing days.

Day after day Posey watched over his doomed companion. He

brought with them no horses which The little group went into a quick neither ate nor slept. He gazed at

might be replevied, for even now panic of dismay. For ten terrible the dear face distracted with pain;

they had met Bitseel, and though minutes they scarcely knew what he heard the beloved voice in anguish he wouldn't deign to look at any they did. They ran from the wick"he could not relieve. The most skillone of them, he scrutinized every iap only to return moaning and ful medicine men within reach werC

animal in their outfit. crying. They uttered half spoken brought to sing over the stricken

Into their cool bower they brought words and thrust their fingers wildly wife, and they sang without interheavy sacks of peaches and melons through their black hair. Posey mission. Their voices of pleading

from town and relaxed to enjoy rewas delirious with horror. and prayer could be heard there all

freshments more delicious than the And all the time the poor woman hours of the day and during the sweetest things they found in the lay there moaning in agony on the long vigils of the night.

wilderness. Then in a wellfed state ground, the great fortyfive calibre When calamity comes to a Pahof good nature they stretched on the bullet having torn through her hips Ute camp they take it to mean the

cool earth exchanging little pleasfrom right to left. devil is in that place and they move.

antries as suited the occasion. The Cheepoots people moved from

river big the the cottonwood on better than a liked nothing Posey Ijtaining a semblance to a of town, green grove west of bank his wife wherein quarrel withsham feelings, his of control over tempest after third tragthe Here, the on day unscold make to and pretendedhe to implored Posey ran town and lifelight edy, the they when saw her lovedreasonable demands. He the "Aunt"Mormon Wood, Jody eyes, fade they the from brown deep voice, returned sheface and her and at to once. nursewoman, come

his banter in the same vein and alDropping everything "Aunt"Jody (Continued on page 331) ways with a keen relish. She was

still the girl who had loved him in spite of her grizzlybear brother, ever since she gripped his hand in the birch willows at Lasal.

With the empty melon rinds there before them, he reclined against a saddle and ordered her to bring the horses from the sandhills. "Tooish

apane,"he urged. "Bitseel will get

them."PEAVINENEAR THECORRAL,HEAD

She caught the intangible element YONOF PEAVINEON THE CANELK of love in his unreasonable order MOUNTAIN. POSEY

and refused to move from the blanANDED SCOTTYTO CAPTUREHELP-

A WILD to feet. be MANYket at his He pretended

OF HORSES BAND her to obeyangry, commanded and IN CORRAL, THIS orders. "Tooish apane,"he repeatANDTHEIRPROVEDFINE SKILLHERE

ed in a tone she had heard and WITH A LASSO enjoyed in lovequarrels before, "Go ROPE.

bring the horses or I'll shoot you with this pistol."

He reached the pistol and flourished it above her. He thought it

was empty. Alas, it was loaded.

Pointing it carelessly towards her A VIEW OF THE

EARS, ON pressed the trigger. There was BEAR'She

MOUNTAIN, ELK flash, explosion!a a sharp Toorah SOUTH. LOOKING

shrieked and started to rise.

"O, I thought it was empty!"he

gasped, dropping the smoking weapon and seizing her hand.

Highlights of 107th ANNUAL CONFERENCE By RICHARD L EVANS

Again the Church assembles to scan the past

AND plan the future

THE FIRST PRESIDENCY IN PRECONFERENCE Assembly Hall and left thousands The epitome of the conferenceCONSULTATION.

Courtesy Salt Lake Tribune. on the temple grounds who could message was, as it must ever be to

gain admission to neither audiall men—obedience: obedience to

Grateful appreciation for the torium. This congestion was parthe laws of God; observance of the

steady worldwide growth ticularly true of the two Sunday laws of the nation. Thereby, and

of the Church and for the sessions. only thereby, come security, peace,

integrity and achievements of its The messages of the First Presiand temporal and spiritual salvation.

members, and solemn warning and dency, which opened and closed the Keeping free from debt, refraining exhortation to all men, characterized conference, were penetratingly sigfrom the use of alcoholic beverages, the messages of the General Authornificant in their pleas for the "setting accumulating surpluses of food, ities and mission presidents who of our houses in order,"for greater clothing, and other necessities, respoke at the sessions of the One faithfulness and diligence, and in specting property rights, curbing

Hundred Seventh Annual Confertheir recital of world calamities, crime, observing counsel, honoring ence held in the Tabernacle, Salt present and imminent, and of the Priesthood, curtailing reckless govLake City, April 4, 5. and 6, 1937. means whereby Latterday Saints ernment and private spending, upNotwithstanding the fact that all may make preparation for ultimate holding fundamentals in the face of

of the general sessions were broadevents. President Grant delivered progress, maintaining standards and

cast throughout the West by Radio his timely messages with the vigor discerning truth were all given powStation KSL, the attendance at the that is born of strength and convicerful treatment in the warnings and conference at times far exceeded the tion, and President Clark and Prescapacity of the Tabernacle, and neident McKay presented powerful ATEMPLECONFERENCESQUARE. CROWD AT THE GATES OF

cessitated overflow meetings in the messages. Courtesy Associated Press,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1937

pleadings and exhortations of the

General Authorities.

The Priesthood pERHAPS the most unusual sight of the conference was the general

Priesthood meeting held on Monday evening, April 5, from 7 to 9 p. m.

For the first time within the memory of this writer the Tabernacle was filled with men—men holding the

Priesthood of God. The spirit of

that gathering was one long to be remembered. The singing by the

congregation and the male chorus composed of members of the Tabernacle Choir, the messages of the

First Presidency and the other speakers, and the warm response

PRESIDENT GRANT AND PRESIDENT RUDGER

CLAWSON OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE,

AND ELDER ALBERT E. BOWEN, PHOTOGRAPHED SHORTLY FOLLOWING THE GENERAL

CONFERENCE ANNOUNCEMENT OF BROTHER

BOWEN'S APPOINTMENT. NINE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE,

Photos on this page Courtesy SbU Lake TcibaneTelegram. LEAVING A PRECONFERENCE MEETING IN

THE TEMPLE. DR. RICHARD R. LYMAN WAS

ABSENT IN EUROPE, ELDER GEORGE F. RiCHAfiDS WAS ABSENT, AND ELDER ALBERT E.

BOWEN HAD NOT YET BEEN APPOINTED.

famihes on a socially and financially secure basis were announced for adoption by Priesthood quorums, wards, stakes, and regions, including the following:

Temple Work; A project to provide

housing facilities and other necessities of life near Latterday Saint Temples for worthy members of the Church who for sufRcient cause are otherwise unable to provide for themselves and who wish to devote themselves to temple work.

Church Labor on Church Buildings: A

project which will take whatever steps are necessary to insure the use of Church labor on Churchfinanced buildings, and which will foster the placement of contracts only and unmistakable support of that of a feeling of strength and solidarwhen and where the major use of Church unprecedented male congregation ity in the Church. Respecting the labor is guaranteed.

were a source of spiritual uplift and confidence of members of the lookingStandardizationtoward theofstandardizationMaterials: A projectof maAN INFORMAL VIEW OF THE FIRST PRESIChurch by those who hold office, terials to be used in Church buildings, the

TEMPLE. LEAVING SALT LAKE THE forDENCY authoreffect local will criticism general it possible of of and which make

RIGHT: DAVID PRESIDENTSLEFT TO their of to the Church members make own ities, of methpurpose, a change and J. J.KAY, GRANT, HEBER REUBEN0. MCAND

building materials with Church JR. CLARK, the of part attitude od, on ward and

to project Beautification: ChuTch'Wide A labor. disin the included teachers were the the of cooperation conducted be with

cussions of this meeting. Presiding Bishopric which shall have as its

Church Security objectiveof Churchthe propertiesmaintenancethroughand improvementcleanup, 'T'hroughout the conference, and paintup,will enhanceand thelandscapingvalue as activities,well as thewhichatparticularly during a special Astractiveness of our places of work and sembly Hall meeting attended by worship by protecting them from deteriorstake presidencies and ward bishopation and by making of them inviting rics at eight o'clock Monday morncenters of community activity.

ing, the permanence and growing Personnel importance of the Church Security

Plan was emphasized. At this meet- A LL OF the General Authorities of

ing, held under the direction of the the Church were in attendance

First Presidency, presided over by at the conference with the exception

President Heber J. Grant, and parof Dr. Richard R. Lyman who is

ticipated in by members of the Prenow presiding over the European siding Bishopric and General SeMission. A notable event was the

curity Committee, new projects of selection of Elder Albert E. Bowen:

rehabilitation and reestablishment of (see page 276) to fill the place left

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1937

vacant in the Quorum of the Twelve Temples by the death of Elder Alonzo A. Expended for the maintenance

Hinckley, and the appointment of and operation of temples....$ 238,447.37

Elder George Q. Morris (see page

282) as General Superintendent of Missionary Work the Young Men's Mutual ImproveFor the maintenance and operment Association, to fill the place ation of all the missions and left vacant by the aforementioned for the erection of places change. general officers Other of ofingsworshipin the andmissionsother build-—$ 827,132.03 were presentedthe Church by President Grant, at the morning session, TOTAL $3,488,566.00

April 6, and unanimously sustained Which has been taken from tithes other Church andas at present constituted. the

returned and funds by the Trusteein-Trust to the Other personnel changes are inSaints for the maintenance cluded in the financial and statistical and operation of the stakes report. and wards, for the maintenance and operation of

Other Activities Church schools and temples, "for charitable and mission Tn addition to the many regularly activities.

held missionary reunions, comCharities mittee meetings, mission presidents'meetings, and almost innumerable For the care of the worthy other small gatherings incident to purposes,poor and includingother charitablehospital general conference, there should be treatment 234.019.17

noted the major meetings of the ReIn addition to charities paid tithes the before as fromlief Society conference, 2 April and

Salt TribuneTelegram. Courtesy Photo Lake also there been have named,3, of the April Priesthood, Aaronic bishop sylvester presiding fast offerings, the disbursed

d. giles aaronicq. cannonpriestjohn at the5, in the of and School Sunday assistcharities other and meeting. the andhood

Tabernacle on the evening of Sun* ance rendered by the Relief day, April 4. This last mentioned Church Financial and Statistical Society in the sum of $554.-

event was one of particular excelReport for 1936 349.93.to the $234,019.17which amountpaidaddedfrom

lence and general interest, presentThe expenditures by the Church for the the tithes, makes the total ing the Brigham Young University year 1936: charity assistance rendered

Symphony Orchestra, the Taberby the Church $ 788.369.10

nacle Choir, and a radio dramaStake and Ward Purposes Primary Children's Hospital tized portrayal of the theme "SpirThere has been returned from tithes to the chilthe stakes fortythree hundred and Oneitual Guidance."The nationwide

for the construction at cost wards a dren were treatedbroadcasting choir of the Tabernacle of stake meeting and ward of of $24,450, which amount from the conference session Sunday houses $ 769,473.41 $3,000 was appropriated by

morning, and the broadcast of the For ward maintenance exthe First Presidency and

B. Y. U. Symphony Sunday night penses - 741,596.60 $22,018 contributed by the

were in addition to the regular Forpensesstake maintenance ex254,551.29 Primary Association

broadcasting of general sessions. Church Security Program

Financial and Statistical $1,765,621.30 In addition to the charities

Education shown herewith, the follow- 'T'he financial and statistical reing donations of cash and for the maintenance recommodities been have port of at Expended the Church, presented school system. of Church...$ 657,455.23 ceived: firstthe session, morning, Sunday

tithes (not including and SECURITY GENERAL THE COMMITTEEApril gains. notable 4, showed many AT A Cashfast offerings) SESSION. PRECONFERENCEThe complete report follows Courtesy Dcseret News. Total for charities...... $$1,097,188.0050.350.00

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1937

Those who did not need Total who paid fast offerassistance 13,712 ings - 68%

Total number of individual Average per capita fast ofpersons in families who seferings in wards 120%, cured assistance from May 1, to Dec. 31, 1936 24,317 Wards showing highest per

capita fast offerings:

Past Offerings—Information Manhattan Ward, New

York Stake $ 1.91

Increase San Francisco Ward, San over 1935 Francisco Stake 1.79

Fast offerings paid in wards.. 125% Grant Ward, Rigby Stake.. 1.77

offerings Fast paid in missions 26% Rosette fast offerings W a r d. Curlew 1.53 Total 107.3% Stake

Number who paid fast offer81 wards paid over $1.00 per capita.

ings in wards 76.4%

Number who paid fast offerMissions showing highest per ings in missions. 25% capita fast offerings:

Czechoslovak $ 1.96

PalestineSyrian.59

SwissGerman.59

Eastern States.55

Expended for the Maintenance of

Missionaries There has been collected by the various wards of the Church and paid to missionaries to assist in their maintenance $ 82,368.65

MAKES CLAWSON RUDGERPRESIDENT IN THE CONFERENCEHIS WAY TO RAIN. Averagein the costmissionsper duringmissionarythe

year 1936, $29 per month, 37,661 bottles of fruits and vegeor a total of $348 per year tables. per missionary. There was

175,621 cans of fruits and vegean average of 1,794 mistables. sionaries in the various misquilts. 1,393

168 cords of wood. CONFERENCE GOERS WEATHER A SPRING SNOW. sionsa totalduringaverage1936,expensemakingfor

29 tons of coal. the year, ($348.00x1,794).. 624,312.00

105,350 pounds of flour. Estimated average earnings

363,640 pieces of clothing. per missionary $900 per

1,934,536 pounds of fresh fruit. year x 1,794 average of mis134,425 pounds of fresh vegetables. sionaries, makes an esti-

3,369 pounds of dried fruit. mated total of what these

8,457 pounds of dried vegetables. missionaries might have

264,513 pounds of grain. earned if at home of..—1,614,600.00

381 pounds of sugar. Making a total estimated con-

1,000 feet of lumber. tribution of missionaries and

23,975 pounds of meat. their families to the Church

217,770 pounds of hay. for the preaching of the

1,937 pounds of honey, sorghum and Gospel $2,32 1.280.65

molasses. 658,334 pounds of potatoes. Statistics and Other Data Compiled From

37,608 pounds miscellaneous. the Annual Reports for the

Summary—Erection and Improvement of Year 1936 Church Buildings—1936 A THE POLICEMAN WEATHER OUT IN TO There118 werestakeson ofDec.Zion,31, 1936:1,001 TRAFFIC. CROWDS HANDLE AND CONFERENCE

Appropriated for ward and wards; 80 independent

stake buildings $ 769,473.00 BELOW: STAKE PRESIDENTS, BISHOPS AND branches; or a total of 1,081

Amount raised locally (40%) 513,000.00 HIGH PRIESTS ENTERING THE TABERNACLE.

Photos on this page by L. Van Wagoner (Concluded on page 323)

Total $ 1,282,473.00

Improvements in Temples 61,282.00

Appropriated for mission 'Hi-''''- buildings 160,997.00

Grand Total $1,504,752.00

Employment—Church Security Program

Number of persons provided temporary or permanent employment in private industry to Dec. 31, 1936 2,292

Approximate number of persons on farm, canning, sewing and other projects during 1936:

Those who needed assistance - 3,865

NO DANCE

PROGRAMS

'T'his interesting B. Y. U. experiment has proved

to be an aid to greater sociability and to more pleasant dancing.

By LARELLE NELSON Brigham Young University Dance Chairman

the '36 Prom. In place of the usual be held to rigidly is: Only trade one

pencil and paper with its fuss and dance ahead!

fumble, dancers were asked to trade only one dance at a time, thus prepiNALLY, after some discussion, an venting the confusion of trying to appeal was made to the student remember half a dozen ahead. body in which it was proposed that

The improvement in sociability they cooperate wholeheartedly for and group enjoyment was trementhree months and give the new sysdous. In fact, so successful did the tem a fair trial. At the end of that

new idea prove that at the betime if programs were still wanted, ginning of the current school year, they would be reinstated. That

JUNIOR PROM, 1936, WOMEN'S GYM, B. Y. U. the student council voted unaniwas over six months ago. Now, "Y"

mously to adopt the policy of no students wouldn't have dance proprograms for student dances grams back.

year. the "It certainly is a relief not to have

friction.THEaheadCUSTOMfor theof entiretradingeveningdances throughoutThen came lug all Even stuto paper around a pencil and

of carrying a bothersome pencil dents dislike being jarred out of evening,"is a common remark from ruts; so, like most changes, the new fellows while the girls are equallyand paper around—of wondering

part of this opposition came from ing, "It surely seems grand not toifdance—ofthis is huntingthe ninthfor partnersor thirteenthuntil system met opposition. The main emphatic from another angle, saycouples who continued to trade sevwaste half the dance hunting forhalf the dance is over—of trying to

read names scribbled with a threeeral dances ahead in the mistaken partners. All programs were good

that they could remember but for anyhow were souvenirs and theysixteenths inch pencil—of arriving hope

half an hour late and finding everyonly succeeded in getting mixed up. weren't much good for that."

it was discovered, the crux of This year's Prom chairman,one else's program full—These and And,

other stumbling blocks to enjoyment the whole matter lies in this one George Killian, gave full support to that go with dance programs have point. The plan will not work as the new plan and the beautiful

been eliminated by the students of long as the program system is fol- "Arabian Lights"Prom was highly it is of piece paper lowed whether aBrigham February 26 Young University. successful—presented is that to record used or a memory without dance programs. began in FebruThe movement

ary, 1936, when the Junior Prom the dances. The one rule that must In addition to "No Dance Procommittee, headed by Elmer Crowgrams"and as further essential steps

ley, chairman, and supported by toward finer, more enjoyable dancJUNIOR PROMENADE, 1936, LOOKING TOWARD ing. recreaProfessorProfessor urges the Jeppson, Jeppson Wilma

(WOMEN'S ORCHESTRA THE GYM, BRIGHAM tion for following: leader, abolished programs (Conc/uded on opposite page) UNIVERSITY), YOUNG

DILEMMA

IN ATHLETICS BY ALICE ALLENE SEFTON ViceChairman Women's Division,

National Amateur Athletic Federation with such an intense liking for basketball that she said no other game times past certain games used could ever compare with it. After those identified with educational

INto monopolize the whole phys- a season of hockey, which, by the programs, as leaders, to help stuical education program. For exway, lasted only seven weeks, her dents acquire a variety of skills and

ample, basketball had an exaggerattitude changed; she said. "I didn't to aid them in making more discrimated and conspicuous prominence know hockey could be so much fun! inating choices, so that their play

will yield them the greateston the program; in fact, it frequent- A hockey game takes more players time

ly was thought of as the whole pror and therefore calls for greater team possible returns in health and culgram, as synonymous with physical work, you cover more ground, and tural values—returns that need

education. Instructors of necessity it's great fun to play outdoors. Now never end in their constant enjoy-

I like better, ment.relegated to the background the art I don't know which

of teaching all types of skills in fabasketball or hockey!"This is the dilemma of every athteacher partial to teachbe may A choices of that developingvor basketball to she has a he or lete—the ing sport only, one to the exclusion his leisure point thathigh of perfection they to make among time and

might excel in competition with othof other phases of the program that other activities. The school can

yield just as rich rewards; as offer opportunities for schools.er coaches the basmight exploraand The

in the case of the teacher who had in lastketball tion and season schools often of development individuals specialized in swimming and was life. in their recreational fromed October to April—seven And the

to upon take over the dancteacher canlong months. appreciably help them little wonder called It was

that students who really liked the ing in Bn orientation course in physin building a "hierarchy of values"game, many times became overical education for freshmen. She so that, as the years go by, the intrained, and those who did not enbecame so enthusiastic over it that dividual, building constantly on past

joy the game acquired a deeper disshe declared, "I'm getting worried experience, learns to make ever taste for it and a lasting aversion for fear I'm going to like dancing more discriminating choices.

too much. to like I never wantto physical education whole, as a It is for ideals these for the and anything better than swimming."it to exemplifiedbecause them was highest possible in recrestandards It often that happens exthrough this activity. oneby ational girls opportunities for that ploring the possibilities in other acbasket- This overemphasis on the Division of the Women's Nativities, lasting interests are and newball prevented destudent from any tional Athletic Amateur Federation discovered.veloping variety recreational of a has striving been these years. many

interests while in school. Tt is important for growing girls to (See Improvement Era, February,

The training season for basketbe offered a wider variety of 1936, page 109.) Their "Platform"

ball began to grow shorter, howactivities from which to make their is the working basis for allround ever, as leaders of students came choices, so great a variety that every programs in athletics for girls, and to see the value in other games and girl will have sports for every seahas been the starting point for discovered how much fun they reson and games to suit her fancies. much improvement in these proally are. One girl came to college It is the obligation and privilege of grams.

NO DANCE PROGRAMS {Concluded irom opposite page) Crude surroundings are conducive The perfect dance is a gathering "First of all, put the emphasis on to crudeness. Every effort should where everyone is at ease; no wallthe couple. Charge fifteen cents be made to enhance the charm and flowers because everybody has a

admission a couple and seventyfive good atmosphere of the dance hall partner; no smoking, drinking, or

cents for single persons. Make it so with ferns, drapes, indirect lighting, intermission parties because everythat can't afford people stag to ventilation. go and good inside; stays one and no fussing with Into dances. couples, the young passout checks and "No no interpencil and paper probecause dance is at his best is a becauseman he mission,"states Miss Jeppson emhost, responsible for the enjoyment phatically. "If there are unwholegrams are done away with. All of

of his partner. The girl, on her some incidents connected with dancthese combined will bring a new

part, is guest, and so strives to be ing, they usually take place outside spontaneity of grace and social enpleasant and agreeable. The stag, the hall. With young people inside, joyment to the dance, toward which

on the other hand, feels no social pleasantly dancing, the temptation goal the abolishment of dance proobligation to behave properly—and to 'take a snifter'or 'go for a ride'grams has proved to be an important

usually doesn't."is eliminated."step.

The GERMAN GIRL OF TODAY By ELIZABETH H. WELKER

Directing Women's Activities in the GermanAustrian Mission

TIoman's work here is equal to that of any country i know anything about.

The German girl knows the value of food>

THE purpose of CLOTHING, AND THE MEANING

OF HEALTH.

SHOWING ONE TYPE OF WORK DONE BY GERMAN GIRLS IN GERMANY.IN "ARBEIT DIENST"(WORK plies it. Even at the opera she has German people have an almostCAMPS)

her sandwiches of dark bread and primitive dislike for it. Long hair

hair is the characteristic favored again, and meat. Right or wrong

braid over each is the long dress she her teach people the GermanTHEmostGermanwholesomegirl ofoutlooktoday hasupona ground shoulder. eat frequently. you should Have

life. First of all imbued with noticed how many scientists are I have read "when a German

the! ideal of her nation, "To build teaching the same thing today? youth comes to court a German girl

a superior race,"she is doing all She has no false ideas about he finds her pedigree chart hung in her power to build a strong, vigclothes, either. She knows when it in the front hall,"but long before

orous body. She has no false ideals is cold her body should be covered, he comes to call he has looked her

about "a slender, willowy form."and it is. Her underclothing has a over as a possible mother for his

To be thin is neither beautiful nor definite purpose, and that purpose children, and unless she measures healthy looking in the eyes of the is not to be seen. Woolen sweaters up to his ideal of at least a perfect

German people; rather it is an indiare far more essential in her wardbody, he does not call. Mothercation or confession that she is not robe than is silk. Nor has she any hood is the ideal of this entire peoquite normal, and everyone shrinks false notions about "high insteps ple. Every girl knows that the

from that. that demand high heels."She knows greatest thing she can do for her

She has no false notions about her shoes and those she wears percountry is to give it good, healthy food. All luxuries are simply tamit her to walk ten miles any day, children.

boo. So, knowing food values, she or thirty miles if she chooses, which

wastes little money on foods that she frequently does, for she knows ERMAN people, both men and will not do all they should in buildthe value of walking to her bodywomen, "accept work as the ing a perfect body. Right or wrong, building process. daily Godsent task;"thus work is

she is taught that sugar should be The entire German nation is imraised from a merely material point used sparingly and she uses all bued with this health program. It of view. Each German is made to

sweets sparingly, if she uses them goes strongly for "suntan,"and feel that his work, no matter how at all. the deeper the shade, the more pophumble, is his contribution to GerShe knows that tobacco has no ular. man life and each is made to feel

it?"asks, value sofood use "Why luxury, is a "Makeup"BEING GIRLS CAMP. and GERMAN TRAINED IN A

I less dare tobacco is used sayAnd DESIRE ALL GIRLS TO GO TO COLLEGE girls here, almost WHO wholly unused by by the girls of Germany than by for in addition to the luxury side, ONEMUSTOFFIRSTTHESEGIVECAMPS.SIX MONTHS'SERVICE IN

those of any other nation. Again,

tobacco is a luxury and it is a confession of weakness to indulge in luxuries, and, above all things, she prides herself on her strength, and the use of tobacco is not conducive to building strength.

Not only does she know food values, but she knows the value of food and how essential it is to help build a strong, healthy body. She

carries food with her wherever she goes; she eats between classes at

school. If she goes to town, she

carries a sandwich, not a sweet and not an ice. When she is hungry,

it is food she needs and she sup294

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1937

ivSr*"? s& &2KiS6SiS!SPi4SS!v.- S? -iaf HL--iJic J! 'Us*,.*. vft,'

that all work is honorable whether ical development. It is a most comGERMANDAY'S SERVICEGIRLS INWHOTHEHAVEFIELDS,GIVENON THEIRTHEIR

it is street cleaning or that of a highmon sight to see thousands of men, WAY BACK TO CAMP.

ly trained mind—one just as neceswomen, and children out on Sunsary as the other. Recently we atday mornings on a public street or one of these girls replaces her while

tended the opening of a new highcourse, competing in some form of she travels with the Kraft Durch way. Many state officials were physical activity. The whole naFreude group or goes to one of the

there. When the ceremony was tion is playing and encouraged more numerous recreation homes for

over, trucks had been provided, and and more to play. mothers, or else the family is taken

every man who had done any work Perhaps nowhere in the world care of by the volunteer service of on the highway, with his family, has the idea of a yearly vacation the N. S. V. Formerly these mothwas given the opportunity to ride for everyone worked out so sucers did not go on vacations because

over it before even state officials cessfully as in Germany. The Kraft of the financial loss which arose

could do so. Durch Freude has worked out a thereby, but when this service is

However these people are taught system of vacations and reduced the given her, she, too, joins the great that where one works for hours price of traveling so that practically army of vacationists. The univerand nerves are strained, an occaevery person may travel throughsity girl who gives her time receives

sional relaxation is necessary, beout Germany for a vacation. "We free room and board so that it costs

cause it is a solemn duty to keep want people tO'take a journey once her nothing but her time, and that their bodies at the highest point of a year and enjoy themselves in the is her proud contribution to her efficiency. "The object of all orcompany of others in order to open country.

their to hearts return eyes and andganization leisure of always must of those heard us have To who v/ith their thoughts and work newbe, to to according conviction, our that ten of cent only per the Germil- energy. In 1934 had two we their possibilities, peopleshow own college, in girls allowed were man lion in travelers; the such 1935 numto teach their face to daily them it find that to surprise rather a was five increased ber exceeded and pleasure, to withwork and know girl satisfactorily passhas any who million, of which cent per 45 were toto able develop be best the is examinations underschool her ed is savings enaccount in women,"Athemselves, to clear eyes have and universities, in but the welcomed for couraged year the throughout heart."a has happy Germany So credshe entering have before must journey. real such a the But beauty organization, national,an as known it in the six for months'Arwork it is in of the the joy plan has seenthe Freude {Power Dutch Kraft service) beit camp. Dienst (work into lives the of the brought mothit is joy)through to whose work the near her mothbrings This work ers of nation. the working "The activities,direct physical proor a real country the of ers workers and carries certainly wife and mother to develop the same.gram "Here necessary work her teaches and how all the heaviest the over burden at not sensational achieveaim dowe is of life relieves in her any and world, have and German women wements, exercises but use as foun- a false have notions had she may is tried lot"to her a improve quofordation a healthy body."Thus this class."the "under about That tation SchlosKlink, from Dr. someoffer fancy,the schools useless no is attestis real for her education a called times the woman's German incourses physical education; every cheerfully fact that the to she ed by Fuehrer. itsexercise in buildhas place the pevacation her during goes back that to hear such expect you Diding of strong for muscles, every burrelieve others, riods to more successwas working a movement developed. bemuscle must herself. than dened of fully in Thousands Germany?

Not only do the schools teach university girls are donating their Again I say that the German girl physical exercise courses, but the own vacation periods to take the has a most wholesome outlook on nation is so organized that every inplace of the mother who works in life and is playing her part in the dividual may belong, in fact is a factory, the girl to do her work program of her country and in many urged to belong, to some group enand the mother to have a vacation ways has she shown that she will gaged in either swimming, rowing, at full pay. Even mothers in busy do her full part to develop a "sugymnastic or some form of physhomes get their vacations. Either perior race."

The story of our -= Hymns

this to remarkable woman. As dele-—D. PYPERTpEWoodwardLIFE StoryWells,of Emmelinethe authorB. By GEORGE to gate American and international

of the exquisite hymn entitled General Superintendent of the Descouncils and conventions her life "Our Mountain Home So Dear"etet Sunday School Union and First was flooded. She was chosen to unfilled as it was with romance, pathos, Assistant Chairman of the Church veil the beautiful Seagull monument

courage, and devotion, reads like an Music Committee on Temple Square. In October,

imagined romance. I am indebted to 1910, she was called to preside over

her daughter, Mrs. Annie Wells the Relief Society, a position which

Cannon, for the facts here given. she held until three weeks before XIX. (cyur I Hountain her death, which occurred April 25, She was born in Petersham, Worcester County, Massachusetts, Feb1921. On her one hundredth anniruary 29, 1828. Of Puritan descent aiome. So LOear versary a marble bust was presented

and distinguished ancestry, she was by the women of the state, which proud of the fact that her father, WORDS BY occupies an honored niche in the

David Woodward, was in the war emmeline b. rotunda of the Utah State Capitol.

of 1812, and her grandfather, a solThe inscription reads:

dier of the American Revolution. woodward wells A fine soul who served us*

Having natural talent she was gradMUSIC BY Now concerning the song which uated from school at fifteen. She EVAN STEPHENS is the subject of this sketch:was baptized into the Mormon One day "Aunt Em"in converChurch at fourteen and emigrated sation with Evan Stephens, whose

from New England to Nauvoo with genius she greatly admired, told him a family named Harris to whose of a love song in her possession that young son she was married in order she would like to have set to music.

to leave the state legally. The HarHe readily accepted an invitation for

ris family apostatized and left an evening at her home and after

Nauvoo but the young wife refused the reading of the poem mentioned, to leave the people of her chosen Evan said, "Why don't you write faith. She afterwards married Prethe words for a song for me to set

siding Bishop Newell K. Whitney to music. Sister Wells?"She promand with his family left Nauvoo in ised to think about it, and that same

the exodus of 1846. Her mother, night, while all others were sleeping,

following in a later company, died "Aunt Em"wrote "Our Mountain of hardships on the journey, and was Home So Dear."The song with

buried by the wayside in an unmarkProfessor Stephens'lovely music has ed grave on the Iowa prairies. an appealing charm and is very

While in Nauvoo Mrs, Wells, unpopular. He himself remarked

der the influence of the Prophet's when choosing the six songs for the teaching, obtained a lasting testiColumbia records to be made for the mony of the divinity of his mission. Church in New York, that it was

She was also present at the memorone of his favorites and that he preferred itable at the meeting "Grove"to his own hymn bearing a when GEORlGE the mantle of the name. Prophet Joseph BY LEE GREENED. PYPERRICHARDSFROM A PAINTING similar

fell upon Brigham Young, and so On one occasion when a quartette transfigured him that the people an's Exponent. For thirtynine was singing this song at a large

marveled. years she wrote in behalf of women's party given in honor of "Aunt Em's"

"Aunt Em"as she was known, progress and in defense of her peobirthday. President Anthon H. Lund

came to Utah in 1 848 and after the ple. After many years of literary turned to her and said "God bless

birth of two daughters, misfortune work the Brigham Young University you, 'Aunt Em,'for writing that again befell her in the sudden death on February 29, 1912, conferred beautiful hymn."This compliment

of her husband. After two years of upon her the honorary degree of for her poetic nature, pleased "Aunt

struggle she married General Daniel doctor of literature—this in her Em"greatly, for she placed much

H. Wells. Three daughters were eightyfourth year. confidence in President Lund's opinthe fruit of this union. Her home Mrs, Wells was the founder and ions. Incidentally the other song

was a gathering place for friends patron of several literary, patriotic, which "Aunt Em"gave Professor and distinguished guests. Here beand study organizations, among Stephens to set to music, he took

gan her active participation in pubthem the Utah Women's Press with him to Boston when he attendlic affairs. figure a leading Club, She Club, was and the The Reapers'

details interesting concernand * Otherin the struggle for suffrage. Society of the woman's Utah Daughters life of ing be the of Wells may "Aunt Em"

In assistant editor 1 875 she Revolution. and the was the and in found Society Relief Handbook

in 1877 became editor of the WornHonors, national and local, came in other works and periodicals.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1937 ed the conservatory of music for a plains, arriving in Salt Lake City, term, and it won for him a prize in a October 2nd, 1866. A week later

competition and was much admired. the family located in Willard, Utah,

Mrs. Wells was outstanding in where his desire to become a musiher interest in and development of cian took firm root. His lowly octalent in the community, especially cupations—herd boy, farm hand,

among the youth of Zion. She recwood cutter, hod carrier, railway

ognized genius and was an ardent section hand—did not stand in the

supporter by her influence and with way of his ambition. His talents

her pen of all who showed the least soon secured for him "a place in the inclination in the field of art. Of an sun."Step by step he rose from obartistic temperament herself, she scurity to the highest position in the

drew around her a coterie of friends realm of music within the gift of his among whom nothing could be more Church. His struggles and victory

delightful than an evening in her under adverse conditions constitute home where conversation sparkled a real life lesson for every young with the wit and wisdom of men and EMMELINE B. WELLS man,

women who loved books, pictures, A book might be written on his statuary, travel and music. It was various musical activities, but the

in her home where the Wasatch OUR MOUNTAIN high spot of his career was, of

Literary Club was organized, a course, his work as director of the group of young men and women HOME, SO DEAR Tabernacle Choir. It was while the

whose names have made history By Emmeline B. Wells Choir was at the World's Fair, Chiamong their people, many of them cago, in 1893, that President Woodofficeholding high in church so dear. mountain home ruff said: shepherd boy came "A and OUR

state crystal in literwaters others while excelled Where is from the here mountains clear down and free; ever Flow lines.ary and artistic to contest in this great comwide, today the valleys through acquainted While she became When petition."The choir second won side, flowers ev'ry on The

with Evan Stephens, two kindred Blooming in stately pride. prize with $1000 and a gold medal

spirits met, both loving music, art, Are fair to see. for the conductor.

and God's beautiful outdoors. As In looking over the diary and

the verdant result We'll their roama of mutual admiration hills. scrap of book Brother Stephens one

rills the sparkling by And thisfor nature exquisite song. came is utterly at the amazed tremendous flowers; the Pluck wild

it itsIt tells its story; makes own I of and energy dynamic the man. the air, fragrance on own The

appeal. Any attempt to analyze it The landscape bright and fair, doubt if a tab of his life would regby any other than a master's pen And sunshine everywhere, ister one moment of idle time. For

would spoil it. And so, read it for Make pleasant hours. his work among children alone a

yourself; every ponder line and debt of gratitude is due him. In sylvan depth and shade, it is a literarystudy it for mosaic. left many unpublished He manuIn forest in glade. and

Evan Stephens Where'er we pass, scripts. I asked him once which of

'T'he name of Evan Stephens The hand of God we see, all his compositions he liked the best.

awakens such a flood of recolIn leaf, and bud, and tree, He answered: "Like most fond

I find it impossible to anlections as warms the soul and makes OrOrbirdbladeor hummingof grass. bee. parents,

the heart beat faster, "There are swer this seemingly easy question.

moments in life,"says one writer, The streamlet, flower and sod To me compositions like people vary "that we never forget, which brightBespeak the works of God, in personal impression. Each in its

en and brighten as time steals And all combine own way may appeal to me strongly.

away,"Such moments are often WithHis handiworkmost exquisiteto trace,grace. Some arouse within me a feeling of

recorded by me, of an intimate assoThrough nature's smiling face, satisfaction and pride for the workciation with Professor Stephens of In art divine. manship as well as the emotional

nearly half a century. It is not my content—something like a fond parintention, however, to write here the ent may feel over having a child

story of his life* but to tell of some who proves a real leader in the comof my personal contacts with him EVAN STEPHENS munity."Among other things he

and describe a few of his unique said that just as a mother loves her characteristics. unpopular and unnoticed children,

From the date of his birth in the so his neglected, unpublished crelittle town of Pencader, South ations held highest place in his

Wales, June 28th, 1854, until the esteem.

time of his death, October 27th, Another song writer expressed the 1930, Evan Stephens'life was one of same thought in the following lines unceasing activity. When he was Oh, my uncared for songs, what are ye

twelve years of age he came over worth the ocean with his parents in a sailThatcarein my secret book, with so much ing vessel and walked across the I write you this one here and tHis one there.

*For details of Evan Stephens'history Marking the time and order of your birth.

see Jenson's Biographical Encylopedia; Robert Bridges.

Juvenile Instructor, Vol. 37, p. 279; Vol. Several song books were publish58, page 491; Vol. 65, p. 721; also Relief ed by Elder Stephens and eightysix

Society Magazine and Children's Friend, [Concluded on page 311)

Remembering COLONIA DIAZ

BY S. C RICHARDSON, JR.

as they built their campfires, sang songs, and dried out watersoaked bedding, few of the eight hundred

Mormon refugees who left Mexico

July 28, 1912, expected to be gone more

THAN three days TO A WEEK BUT THAT was TWENTYFOUR YEARS AGO AND HERE

IS A POIGNANT PICTURE OF A LATE RETURN.

Richard Sullivan C. author, THE

in Diaz, Colonia son, born was

THAT ROCK COYOTE OLD THEAROUND the with our part played out SUPwhen we and Mexico, came Chihuahua, RICHOF RENA FRONT WINDOWPORTED THE final 1912. Later he colonists in in that the with townspeople the RIGHT: rest of TO HERMAN LEFT HOME.ARDSON'S

MOTHER, AUTHOR'S St. AUTHOR. THEBLAU, in the in Joseph lived THE Arizona refof real too drama scene: The RICHARDSON, IREL RICHARDSON;TERESSA in mission left until a for he Stake AND ANDERSON, HANS ANDERSON, saga their homes.MYNOA leaving ugees A States. the from Graduation Central RICHARDSON.GILBERT grimroads, dustchoked of wagons, in Chicago University Northwestern

faced men and women, miles of and Evanston was carried on with activmerchandising advertising and apprehengray brush, and in the mornmesquite o'clock two WAS ities in Chicago. pursuing for sive looks backward draped in 1912. NightIT ing, last 28. six years has been the July For

'Corner'the Flaggers, the advertising of Uncle Detroit, of a member itself heavily over the sleeping Red

Detroit News, peace. staff of the domain, and Sara's Diaz, Chihuahua, of Coloniatown contacting

Mexico. The pounding hoofbeats It was during the presidency of merchantsin New Yorkand andmanufacturersDetroit. He bothhas

of a galloping horse suddenly broke John Taylor that Diaz was first setbeen active in Church work from the stillness. The shadowy rider tled. Polygamists, hunted and perthe beginning,

moved rhythmically to the swing secuted in'the United States, finally of the mad pace as they burst into sought refuae across the border in the town's main stneet from the Chihuahua. They answered the call ever, when floods began coming

four miles of brush and river bottom of the Church to colonize Mexico down the river and a levee had to between Diaz and La Asencion. A with the same spirit that their fabe built around Diaz to keep the

"runner"had arrived at the home thers and mothers had answered the waters out. How well I remember

of Bishop Ernest Romney. call to go to the Rocky Mountains as a child the well known call

Hundreds of people in the Church forty years before. It was para- "Everybody, everybody. Out with

today will remember that morning. doxical that some twentyeight or your shovels. The water's running

They may not have been there to nine years later they were to return over the levee."I don't know just

participate in the bewildering seto the United States in search of when it first began, but we children quence of events that either precedthe protection which could not be used to yell it over and over in play ed or followed the appearance of found there in the 1880's. because it had rhythm and excitethat rider. But members of their The settlers reached Diaz and ment.

family were. And those hoof beats began building before the authoridt two o'clock in the morning still ties of the Church visited them. "DuT DURING the final two years in

sound in their memories as the beWhen Apostle Teasdale came he Diaz there was little need to ginning of the final chapter in the dedicated a spot about two miles search for excitement. The bloody

history of Colonia Diaz. farther west as the townsite and political revolution against Porfirio

And last summer, as we stood in named it Rock Joseph. But Diaz Diaz gained headway. Marauding

the middle of what used to be main was already started, and people bands of Red Flaggers, bandits, and street, there raced through our minds were loath to pick up and move rebels were a constant menace to as clearly as if it had been yesteragain, even that far. Brother Teasthe httle colony. The upper Morday, that day twentyfour years ago dale's inspiration was verified, howmon towns of Juarez and Dublan

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1937

were closer together, with railroad Then came the final weeks. The

facilities to El Paso, and a little school bell was kept silent to be more security generally. But isoused only in case of emergency or

lated Diaz was on its own; forty alarm. War, safety, evacuation, inmiles from the railroad at Guzman; tervention by the United States

sixty miles from the border at Cowere discussed on every hand. At

lumbus, and nineteen miles from the last real trouble broke.

closest corner of the United States Frank Whiting was up with a which jutted down into Chihuahua crying baby at two o'clock one from the Hatchet Mountains of morning and looking from his winNew Mexico. No wonder there dow he saw shadowy forms prying

was worry on the faces of the townsin the store doors. Quietly he left

people. the house, rounded up a few men

When the school officials told us and went back to the store. Quickchildren we must throw away our ly the word spread to others. The

wooden guns and pistols and stop grim crowd grew. On investigation

playing war (one side being rebels the looters proved to be only two and the other government), we Mexicans. Discovering the townsthought they were robbing us. We men they made a break for freedidn't know they were afraid that dom. There was gunfire. IntenMexican eyes might see and misintional or not, one of the Mexicans

terpret. We couldn't understand was killed and left by his partner

what it meant if the Mormons were in a ditch by the roadside. A few

suspected of favoring either rebels days later a Mexican called Sesaror government. But the townsmen rio sent word the dead man was his

did. And the townswomen did. And brother; that he would get two

the constant question of safety "gringos"to pay for the one killing.

wrote itself in their faces. The threat could not be ignored.

Then came the requests from the Everyone was warned to be careful government and rebels alike for the and avoid being anywhere alone. THEOF A GHOSTLYHOME IN SENTINELDIAZ, TWENTYFOURMARKS THEYEARSSITE

Mormon guns. How to remain neuOONDAY, about a week later, a AGO.

tral and retain firearms was a probrider suddenly burst into the lem. give the lay up them and To shouting, town have Mexicans "The open to marauding storetown mercy was the the around While men killed Brother Harvey."Women

stillunthinkable. refuse a gestalking, of was a small band To their indoors. children hurried Men were

fight. defianceture of into Flaggers and Red Main"broke their quiettook guns and gathered

The closing net of circumstance ly at the store. The messenger was street with their usual yelling and

grew tighter. Once, twice, and James Harvey's son. Quickly he shooting. As they drew up at the

more, the town saw yelling bands told the story. He and his brothers store they were met with the armed

of rebels or Red Flaggers ride like were out in the field with their faand grimfaced men of Diaz. Mismad into Main street firing their ther about three miles southwest of taking the intention of the guns, the

"six shooters"with crazy abandon town. The father left them and Red Flaggers surrendered. Upon

as they galloped. Stopping at the went to a little house standing across learning the cause of the gathering

store they threw a guard over the the field for water. Suddenly the they offered to ride with the "Amerpeople around the building, sent out boys looked up and saw a Mexican icanos"in search of Sesarrio, and

horsemen in twos or more to patrol pursuing their father around a corwere accepted. But Sesarrio was

the streets against surprise attack, ner of the house. There was a pisnever found.

took what they wanted from the tol shot and James Harvey dropped. Events moved forward. Domer

store's stock, gathered their men To be sure his work was complete, Adams, wife of William Adams, again and rode madly out, emphaSesarrio took a shovel and the boys had just died. Their daughter Edith

sizing their departure with more in the field saw him beat the fallen was in the United States with her yells and pistol shots. man over the head. In a few mohusband, Charles Parks. They

To take these repeated raids ments the assailant fled, and this son, without opposition required courage finding a horse, sped into town with MAIN STREET—LOOKING SOUTH—IT WAS

THIS STREET REBELS THE THAT AND DOWN Sesarrio's threat the news. Halfand judgment. The townspeople

RIDE, YELLING, TO RED USED FLAGGERS AND out.had it. been carried had AIR. PISTOLS FIRING INTO THEIR THE

'fc.-w- THEIMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1937

CITY OF LIKE A THE DEAD. BROKEN

RUINS, STARK TREES. a. m. Bishop Romney in quiet counWe had little trouble getting across BRUSH STREETS—ALL GROWN

THAT HAPPYISCOLONIALEFT TO DIAZ.TELL THE STORY OF ONCE cilevacuate.advised with others that the town identificationthe border atletterColumbus.in SpanishA pressfrom

hurried to Diaz and crossed the bor- "What about the guns?"came the the Detroit News turned the trick

der without the usual passport proquestion. without expense in Palomas, and

the little them,"answer. "Leave with a was poorly native spoken ceedings, told being one by Juan

if will protected be that try do not advice the old we road "We we Carrion, "esta officer bueno."An

fire first the shot."the through around Boca Grande to their have checked on who was

vote was taken. The decision mountains if we wanted to go direct passports came for them and Will A

Adams believing he could handle made. Firearms were hidden away to Diaz, we were off. A hazy rethe situation told his sonin-law to as were most valuables and at 10:30 membrance of twentyfour years

stay in the house and he would go a. m. the eight hundred people were was our only guide.

out and fix it up. ready to leave. I have never driven such torturous

it But there was no fixing. An ar- T PERSONALLY will never forget that road in an automobile. To call

gument followed and the Mexican morning. For us youngsters it road at all is an insult to a good

shot Brother Adams through the was adventure of the highest order. sheep trail. For six and a half

neck and fled. He was not followBut we could never know what it hours we dodged boulders, high

ed. The picket fence by which meant. Only the men and women centers, washed out ruts, mesquite

lost Will Adams had been standing was who had built homes and forced a roots and snags. We were

whitewashed and one more episode living from the desert could apprecompletely after getting through the in the mounting dramatic finale was ciate the possible consequences of Boca Grande, but finally found closed. an exodus. ourselves on the old road over

By this time the tenseness A few young men on horses were which we had traveled with the rest throughout revolttorn Mexico was left in the town to watch proceedings of Diaz twentyfour years before.

at white heat. Madero's revolutionwhen the rebels arrived. It wasn't It was no longer a road. Grown

ists were gaining recruits and conmany hours. The revolutionmad in with brush; filled with mud and

fidence. The government was totMexicans were so angry when they rocks, it was barely recognizable,

tering. Church authorities in Salt found the Mormons gone, and no but at last we began seeing land

Lake City left the matter of safety guns or ammunition to strengthen marks my mother, my older brother and definite decision regarding the rebel cause, they sacked the town and sister knew. When we finally

evacuation to the Juarez stake leadand burned it. saw the broken trees and stark ruins

ers. People were loath to leave That night, nineteen miles away, of the town laid out before us, we

their homes, even temporarily, a stone's throw beyond the border stopped for a few minutes in silence though it was felt the trouble would in Uncle Sam's territory, eight hunbefore driving on into the old streets.

soon blow over and the Mormons dred refugees built campfires, sang It was hardly a time for conversacould return to their homes. The songs, dried out bedding soaked in

same demands for arms were made a sudden avalanche of rain, and tion.We came in on the old street

of the upper colonies as with Diaz, wondered what had happened to where Andrew Anderson lived, and but the nearness of Juarez and Dubtheir homes in the few hours since his was the first place we positively

Ian to each other made the safety their departure. Few of these peoidentified. From there it was easy.

situation less critical. ple expected to be gone longer than The bleached mound of adobes and

Then came the climax. The dethree days to a week. broken brick that marked the site of

mand for guns—or else. Stake auThat was twentyfour years ago. the school and church house. The

thorities sent Levi Tenny on the My mother had never been back old amusement house. Bishop Wilmad ride to Diaz to warn the townsto her home since that July day. liam Derby Johnson's old place, the

men and the upper colonies decided And when I wrote early last spring store, around which so many drato move temporarily to El Paso. that I would drive to Arizona durmatic sequences took place. Then

It was Tenny who galloped into ing my vacation, pick her up, and my father's first wife's house. Only

sleeping Diaz at two a. m. that final make the trip down to Colonia Diaz, the chimney standing. A block

morning of July 28. she was excited with anticipation. away, our own home. The place I

The events that followed were The rest of the family joined in. was born. The huge locust trees

no less dramatic than the preceding We met in Verdun, New Mexico. were gone: only a shoot of the old

ones. The school bell rang. A Six o'clock Saturday morning we walnut tree mother loved so well

mass meeting was calkd at seven were on our way: two car loads. {Continued on page 322)

FARES THE CHURCH INHow SAMOA By WM. W. WADDOUPS

President of the Satnoan Mission

Tn the fortyeight years that THE Gospel has been taught in Samoa, much has been accomplished

ELDERS ROW, LEFT TO RIGHT:FRONT W. It is a happy sight to see the

SISTER M. FERRIN, JOSEPHGLEN NEWMAN,

OLIVIA PRES. W. WM.

DIST. PRES.DOUPS, S.EDWARDWADDOUPS,

E. MERRILL, ROW, BURL LEFT TOT. RIGHT:GAMBLES,BACK WAD- r[nthisthe intenselyletter withinterestwhich aroundSamoans,barefooted,old and young,greetingpatteringeach

IVAN M. LEWIS, PAUL grace with carefree and smiles in other ing account the ChurchWHITMER, of RUEL W. KELSEYE. CHILD,AND JAMESDEAN B.T. anticipation on of contentment andARCHIBALD. Presienclosed. was Samoa

CHURCH building and its surdent Waddoups writes: theirSamoansbeautifullivebrownclosefaces.to nature.THErounding grounds is much "No printed matter reaching They neither overburden their

more to Samoa and her people our missionaries is so much apbodies with unnecessary clothing, than a place of worship; it is a social preciated and valued as the punish their stomachs with too great

center. It is often the only public Era. It is like a gift from a variety of food, nor spend their

place in the village. In and around Heaven. It is very helpful to energy trying to "Keep up with the

it centers the religious, the social, us in our work, as a text, and Joneses."Samoans, however, love

and the public affairs of the whole as inspirational matter of a to eat, and they can and do consume village. Its doors and its grounds very high order. We most great quantities of food at a sitting,

are always open. There is also an earnestly hope we will never but it is simple wholesome food, the

atmosphere of home and family life be forced to be without it."food that nature causes to grow in

about it. To this house come wortheir own beloved Samoa.

shipers on Sunday. To its grounds As is always the case, our first

flock children and youth for games with them a change or two of clothmeeting of the conference was the and play. Often there is built in ing, and heavily packed home woven fesilafaiga ceremony. At this meetconnection with it the home of the baskets, containing generous suping assembled the matais, or chiefs,

faifeau or missionary. Here the plies of taro, bananas, breadfruit, the faifeau, or missionaries and the

chiefs can assemble for their frechicken, and pork. The occasion missionaries from Zion, as honored

quent fono or council meeting. Here for this migration was a recent conguests. No ladies attend this meettoo, can be held the fesilafaiga or ference of the Upolu District of the ing except the taupo or village virava ceremony, which is always such Samoan Mission. gin, who prepares the ava. The tula-

a great factor in the welcome and About the first to put in an apfale welcomes the guests in a most honor accorded honored guests and pearance is the brass band from the flowery speech. I have never heard

visitors to the village. Sauniatu Boarding School of the such free flow of language, as simply

The churches and grounds of the Church. In their black lavalava pours from the mouth of the tulafale.

Mormon Church are no exception. trimmed with red stripes, red turbans The alii presides at this function

In every village where a branch of set jauntily atop a mop of coal black with all the grace and dignity of a our Church is organized can be hair, they make a pleasing and imking; in fact he is a real king. In

found the faifeau and his Samoan pressive sight as they march barestature, in appearance, in kingly cottage. Here can be seen almost footed into the churchyard to the bearing he would do honor to any

any hour of any day, the faifeau, his strains of martial music. throne.

family, his friends, and investigaAs the girls from the Sauniatu tors, sitting crosslegged on the floor, School, the Saints from the twenty- A MID MUCH clapping of hands, in a friendly, leisurely discussion, or seven branches of this island, and congratulatory remarks, the cup engaged in the time worn fesilafaiga the children from the thirteen village is passed by a youth whose physical or ata ceremony. schools of the island, arrive on the perfection leaves nothing to be deIf you could have been with us on scene, the band plays a welcome to sired. The cup goes first to the

October 30th, 31st and November them all, and our conference starts honored guests and then to each 1st, you would have seen Samoan on its way in the spirit of music and person in attendance according to men with wives and children arrivsong, which forms such an imporhis acknowledged rank or position ing from every direction at our headtant part in the life of Samoa and her It is a beautiful ceremony and one quarters at Pesega, carrying along wonderful people. (Concluded on page 302)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1937

Albert E. Bowen's Response to His Call to the Council of the Twelve

Delivered in the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City, at the closing session of the One Hundred Seventh Annual

Conference of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, April 6, 1937.

HOPE none of you was more counts is people. When the crein that circumstance, I think, for all

shocked at the proceedings of ation of the world was finished as of us who would essay the business others. act the last of need the teaching crowning made and God WeI concern they far as this day so

to to eminences to lead to dwell gave power in it, and men up He I I. never man have than wasmyself world, the that see for his they everything which use from him was may parof as a person myselfregarded

it, in their the told created, that might he and ownpositions him and I and consequence,ticular why if that earth. they destinies await exercise over the them dominion to assume asked been haveshould

If aright. all their lives his conany- ministry In of order Jesus was I not position, dothis responsible

is anything thing than people; nothing more needed cerned with only

know. else mattered. else now it is a voice issuing as from

In my hfetime I have dreamed Whatever our position may be, in the top of a high mountain, lifting many dreams, I have nursed many whatever sphere we labor, we are men's visions to the high level ambitions, but this was never one of all dedicated to the business of minwhence it comes and revealing to them. I have never coveted, never istering to the welfare of people, them what there is in the world and

sought, and never desired any pretrying to make mankind rise to the what they may do in the exercise of ferment in the Church. I have been stature of his destiny. That is the their prerogatives and rights in achappy all the days of my life to province of the teacher, and every complishing the world's work. And

work in it, and would have been conman in this Church is a teacher. if we be what we have pretended so

tent to remain in places where I I have thought during this day of long we are, then we have that kind would not be forced to occupy pubthe occasion when Jesus was led to of voice. It behooves us only to

lic position. But since the call has the top of a high mountain, and the learn to hear and understand it, and

come, I do what I have always been tempter told Him to look out over govern our walk and conduct by its taught to do, namely, respond, and the world, and promised Him that he teachings.

pledge you that I will give it all would give him the world, if He May God bless us with power to my strength. would but bow down and serve do so, I pray in the name of Jesus.

The only thing in the world that Satan. There is a beautiful lesson Amen.

HOW FARES THE CHURCH IN SAMOA {Concluded from page 301) worthy of preservation. As we take living testimonies of the great work To you fathers and mothers who

the cup ready to drink its astringent accomplished by the missionaries have sons in this mission, we extend contents, we pour an offering of and the local members of the our love and our appreciation. Your

thanks and propitiation to the gods, Church. sons are well. They are faithfully

into the pebbles of the floor, murmur We now have a Mission Geneadischarging the duties of their callthanks to the assembled matais and logical Association organized and ing. They are loved and honored

then drain the never to be forgotten functioning in Samoa. The people by the members of the Church here

cup to its last bitter dregs. As we are earnest and sincere in their dein Samoa, and become examples for

drink the cup and look about on the sire to save their dead. Good work them to follow.

in the past, chiseled gathhas perfectly faces of the and been done we Saints are simple Samoan The results sitting crossstill greater for leaders from hope ered Samoan faith. sincere in their are and They

legged in a circle on the floor, our our efforts in the future. constant in prayer. They are childminds go back to our own native Our missionary family was inlike in their confidence and trust.

home, and we imagine we are smokcreased by fortytwo believers who Their beautiful land, their pleasant ing the pipe of peace with the were led into the waters of baptism even climate, their ever present brother of the Samoan, our own during a recent conference. evergreen verdure, their peaceful

Indian. have twentyseven American We now

missionaries, In the fortyeight working and lapping ocean, their affectionate reyears that the Samoan

Gospel has been taught in Samoa, presiding in as many branches of the gard and sincere trust make missionmuch has been accomplished. The mission on this island. They are ary work in their land and among

spirit of the conference, the evidence faithful, humble workers. Much of them, a continuous delightsome exof the faith of the people, the work our success is due to their untiring perience which once enjoyed can

which they are able to do, are all labors and their unlimited faith. never be forgotten.

PRIESTHOOD, UPOLU DISTRICT CONFERENCE. RELIEF SOCIETY, UPOLU DISTRICT CONFERENCE

MAY DAY ALTAR MAY BASKETS By Rachel Grant Taylor To Your Mother and Mine By Elsie Chamberlain Carroll

HEAR the morning calling: By Claire Stewart Boyer USED to save bright scraps

I out, out and play. come "Come WE lace. ribbon, paper, Of altar loving knee an at your BUILT is routine dull for This no day all hide them away small, that I might And very I was I When It's first the of May!"place. secret safe In some bring

joy, suffering. each unexpected earth the flowers spring; Each dark out From

its bright to harvest their dresses grain for me; And when the breath of spring For you I see gay.

falling gently showers And yielded happiness but prophecy leaves young wave a welcome—No The

sunshine bright coaxed warm And fields to grace future spring, It's a Of golden the first of May!

out the shy flowers, ground From its lost grief but covering husky No

The new wed birds are building; And showed a kernel of divinity.

I hear their spring love lay. And I have traveled many roads since then, We'd take our treasures out

bright array from our streams Unfettered built retreat And an altar dash over stones And for my soul's fa.shion small baskets We'd It's the first of May! defeat, pinnacle beyond On every

be Tomorrow would May! trust that plain the every of men; won On

all sunlight glory overWarm destiny none has Yet shaped my spirit's Illuminates fill: way. my these tokens we'd With at altar that first, loving Like knee. your

feet with along winged I walk leaves flowers brightfaced Green and

first It's the of little May! love notes of On

I raise my eyes to heaven's blue; HAPPINESS We'd labor through long hours.

pray: to would God My soul then we'd wake And at dawn Kemp By Amy this for to be "Thanks new world; Thee steal the floor along And

first for the of Thanks May!"of happiness, with eager T HELD my cup out baskets our To hang

'hands clasped tight; For Mother on the door.

For it was filled up to the brim, my joy

THESE BRING ME HAPPINESS and my delight. And even now, when Spring

I walked, But as my hills, smiling o'er the steps were slow, lest Comes By Nelle B. Pdcketf lose I should a drop; those I long for old days

filled For kind Nature been had and to me thrills. simple childhood Of river bank, reeds along aTALL it to the top.

hill, lone pine a on A I feel I'd like to make bough, a thrush singing on brown to visit satA Sorrow with me, Then came and just For Mother once sill. plant upon my to A sup; me

filled basket with love—more A

little sipped happiness She a out from my hang door. violets on Heaven's fragrant of To patchA cup; precious

unfold, purple buds Where I so, sad This grieved and made me me sea, silver the path uponA cried knees; on bended

gold. in skyline drowned A MOTHER'S DAY PRAYER I But carry now, greater happiness with

The tender songs my mother loved, joy and ease. By Carmen Malone

Old books well filled with lore, lighted which windowsAnd will guide THE MODERN AGE *T Ithankthank TheeThee forfor myher mother,tenderness,Lord; door. guests All unto my

her gentleness. Her sympathy, By B. K. Edmunds

that I would ask And Thou wouldst bless

MY LITTLE BOY 4* "ILTow OLD are you, my little man?'Her on this day—this Mother's Day

1 1 "Well, Sir, that's hard to say: And on the days that are to come

By Marjorie Petersen According to the latest tests That she shall find what happiness peace and I'm content sweet ten What years morally; may sum. gold adorns threads of hair withBLOND is 'leven. psychologic age My his pretty head; her. of make And worthy Lord; is me nine; age mental My "Pixies mischievously. smile eyesBlue Let gifts accept the me many But I'm anatomic'lly seven

said. there,"I've heart, lips, her Her her hands is distinction bestow fine. there The enticingly rosebud, mouth, aHis dewy homely uplifts The soul moral likely in most you have mind Now allures; firm I resolve that shall With age; work chronologic My little curly from sturdy a cowboyHe's her of proud make To day; some me head That's at him! look eight—Well, to spurs. bless Lord, her tender her care in rage."walks He away

all chair best rides the day. range (MyHe I make pray. And me worthy—thisfor for horse.) a

Lassoes the steer with expert skill. (The

table course!) lamp, of

is to say, the smile can turn to TO A LOVED ONE sad itYet frown. By Deon Nethercott

When temper stalks around the mouth to pull the corners down. T was only a seed when you found me

But who would change this little boy for *- And planted me close to your heart.

all the wealth of kings Your smile was the sun that warmed me.

If she could hear throughout the rooms the Then the soft rain did its part.

way his laughter rings? The rain was your friendship so gentle.

When bed time comes, at last (for even Giving drink to my thirsting soul—

cowboys sleep). A soul that was darkened and saddened-—

Tanned arms are raised to mine: sandman's You found me and made me whole.

date we keep. The plant is ready to blossom

His prayers are said so soft and low. And Yet you speak of leaving so soon.

I wish that I could be With your love gone, the leaves will

As good as he believes I am as he kneels wither to pray for me. And the flower?—It will never bloom.

ibditonai dllert S. (B owen perintendentsprovement Association.of the YoungHe Men'sis intelligent,Mutual clearIm-

A HANDCARTin 1 856 alongcompanythe drypushedand dustyand pulledtrail overits waythe headed,periencedsafein intemporaljudgment,andalwaysspiritualdependable,affairs, andexplains to Salt Lake City. An eighteen year old lad, devotedly loyal to the cause of the Lord. He is

David Bowen, fresh from the green land of Wales, well fitted for the new duties placed upon him.

walked sturdily along, eagerly scanning the West Through long service in the M. I. A. cause, he

for the promised valleys of the Saints. There he has become thoroughly familiar with the objectives,

should live the life of the glorious newfound methods, and opportunities of the Associations.

Gospel! Under his hands the work will go on without inFour years later, for the same destination, over terruption.

the same trail, still marked by whirling spirals of He believes in youth and is sympathetic with the dust, came an oxteam company. The wagons were hopes and visions as well as the problems of youth.

loaded, Annie Shackleton was young, and so the In him the young men of the Church have an unnineteen year old girl, London born and bred, derstanding interpreter.

walked all the way across the plains. The spires

of Westminster Abbey were forgotten in the vision His parents helped conquer the West for the of life among the Saints of the latter days. good of man. He knows the great traditions of

the Latterday Saints and upholds and exemplifies

Soon thereafter David and Annie, having enthem in his life. The ideals of the past under his

tered into an eternal partnership, set about to help guidance will be used to help the upwardstriving build of the Lord. the Zion Sagebrush was cleared, of this youth day. new pioneer day—a turned, the furrow the harvest gathered. They reverence with grateful he looks back Though

and their ten children measured the years with toil upon the noble history of the Latterday Saints, he and thrift and thanksgiving, with the upward lives with joy in the changing present and welvision and the speech of faith. Though living comes the advancing future. Progress will mark

under pioneer conditions, they drank the culture his administration of M. I. A. affairs.

of the world from books of classic merit, and from He has a steady hand. As captain of the Y.

sacred volumes they garnered the meaning of life. M. M. I. A. ship, the course will be kept despite

By service their faith waxed strong. It was the storms of emotion or waves of passing popular

simple, honest life, by which ambition, courage, excitement. Under him there will be no deviation

and strength are begotten. of the M. I. A. from the Gospel chart.

The power that urged David Bowen and Annie Best of all, he has full and unyielding faith in

Shackleton over the weary sea and across the God, in His divine plan, and in the divinity of the desert land and made them worthy pioneers and work restored through the Prophet Joseph Smith.

Church members has been passed on to Albert E. That faith will enliven every Y. M. M. I. A. effort;

Bowen, their son, whom the Lord has chosen to will give courage to plan and to labor; and will

bear special witness to His name. The clean, give unyielding assurance of the triumph of right.

honest, fearless upbringing has fitted him well for The young men of Zion welcome their new duties. sacred His and his new own stern determileader and stand ready to follow A. W. him.—J. to nation forward, to build the traditions go upon

of his family, have brought him worldly success and the favor of the Lord. His large training and (general ynesthooa il ieeting experience will be an asset in using, in his new

work, the high gifts of mind and eloquence, with "p IGHT thousand men, bearers of the Holy Priestwhich he has been endowed. Full of faith, true as hood of God, crowded the great Tabernacle

the star in the north, sympathetic with struggling in Salt Lake City on the evening of April 5, 1937.

humanity, compassionate and understanding, he Farmers and artisans, merchants and manufacturwill give much, his all, to the cause of the Lord. ers, doctors and lawyers, rich and poor, known and

In him has been implanted the noble nature. unknown, sat throughout the uplifting exercises,

The Y. M. M. I. A. has lost an able Superinon the equal level of Priesthood—Brotherhood. It

tendent, one who in slightly more than two years was an unforgettable sight, to be seen nowhere else made valuable contribution to the M. I. A. cause, in the wide world.

but in his new and larger field he will continue to They had gathered to honor their Priesthood advance the cause of youth. and to learn more effectively how to use it for the

The Church welcomes Albert E. Bowen into upbuilding of the Kingdom of God. Giving of

his position of service in the Latterday work of oneself, ever giving, that the plan and purposes of the Lord—/. A. W. God may be fulfilled, was the spirit of the occasion.

Again and again came the thought that our troubled world needs most of all the unselfish eorge.Q. 11 iorns service of the Priesthood. Otherwise, it cannot m find peace.

EORGE Q. Morris is a worthy successor of the The foundation of the Church is its divinely

great men who have served as General Sucommitted Priesthood. By its power, alone, can

God's will be consummated among men. As are The foundation of man's structure must be faith

the bearers of the Priesthood in these latter days, in an eternal being, whose love and concern for in faith, devotion, sacrifice, and active use of the mankind cannot be measured in terms of our mortal

Priesthood, so will the Church accomplish its divine experiences. Having a faith of this kind lends a

mission. As the general Priesthood meeting of security and peace that can be found in no other

April 5, 1937, crowded the great Tabernacle, so way. With the spirit of change which has pershould every stake hall and quorum meeting place meated the world, turmoil and unrest have been

be filled on Priesthood occasions. Spiritual and loosed among mankind. Faith gives a stability no

temporal power and prosperity would then overcataclysm can shake.

flow among the people to bless the earth. The ironwork of man's dam "will be made with

Moses of old saw a future day when there religion. With the foundation of faith, with the

should be upon earth a kingdom of Priests. Has structural work of religion, man can rest assured

materials of culture that other and add he maynot that vision come A. W. true?—/. will pleasure to contribute strength the and durabihty of the dam.

ioe still ana know that How can we lay this foundation, how can we get this structural security?

for the world, In today's hurrying the struggle frekJ am (od necessities a few of the luxuries has too and "DoULDER Dam, situated strategically in the mounquently ruled out of our lives the quiet so essential tainous passes of the Rockies, rises a magnificent to our reaching a sturdy belief. We must learn

monument to the brain and brawn of man. Behind with the poet AE: "It is in silence thought beit are impounded the waters of the mighty Cologins."We must attain a reasoning and reasonable

rado. The immensity of the project, the farfaith. And we must contemplate to gain it.

reaching results make the onlooker exclaim with In the Psalms we read: "Be still and know that

Hamlet: "What a piece of work is a man!"I am God."Again in Kings we find:

the Driving to and from dam is a neverto-befor- behold, passed by, a great and the Lord and strong And ruggedness, experience.gotten The rent the mountains, in pieces brake the barrenwind before the rocks and

ness of the region before reaching Boulder Lake the Lord; but the Lord was not in the earthquake:

make a strong contrast to the hills softened by the And after the earthquake a fire but the Lord was not in the vegetation which has sprung up as a result of the fire: and after the fire a still small voice.

needed water. Man by the creation of the dam As silence is an integral part of all good music,

has made possible the growth of grass and trees. so must silence be an integral part of all right living.

Yet he of himself cannot create these growing By contemplation, we slowly store up reserves, even things. He can provide the means, he can help, he as Boulder Lake conserves the water. We gain in

can advance the cause of the great Creator. power, in productivity, even as the rising lake gives

By the lake a sort of solemn hush pervades all a sense of power. If we are silent, prayerfully

nature. So strongly does this quiet prevail that silent, we invite the Divine Power to work through

visitors approaching the dam and coming unexus and reveal His truths both for our own benefit pectedly over the hill to a view of the lake are left and for the joy and better living of those with speechless, awed into an ecstasy for which mere whom we reside.

words seem a desecration, Although there is only one person who can

Man, in seeking to conserve the energy of water receive revelation for the Church as a whole, each and redeem the desert was really serving God's individual is entitled to receive inspiration accordpurpose, for He wishes joy and happiness to all of ing to his own personal needs if he lives attuned

His children. In an advantageously narrow gorge, to the source of all inspiration. Prayer is the

man found the ideal situation for the storage of narrow passage by which we may begin to build water. In man's nature, a wise Father has placed our reserve power. It is the way by which the

certain forces which if controlled and conserved Father may guide us to newer, fresher fields of will make for beauty and lasting happiness. These thought.

same forces if turned loose become like the turBy faith, with prayer, having a wellfounded bulentsteadily—downhill.stream of the Colorado, rushing swiftly, religiousselves. Weconcept,can morewe cansurelyconstantlylearn torenewknow ourthe

Man's personal dam is not made of iron, rock, Master's purposes and come to work with Him to and cement. But though we do not have these accomplish them. We shall come to sense a deep

seemingly lasting materials, our dams can endure inner feeling of security, a knowledge of the force much longer than Boulder Dam, timeless as that of life, and of the eternal harmony and rhythm of structure seems to be, for the materials with which the universe. When we reach this stage, even as

man works in the building of his character are Boulder Lake is a monument to man, so will man eternal. become a monument to God. M. C. J.

ImmOn

the following to date in out publication

Hindustani, BulgaGreek, TWO NEW MEMBERS CHOSEN FOR THE tongues:

rian, Hebrew, Russian, Armenian.GENERAL COMMITTEE OF THE CHURCHWIDE

SECURITY PROGRAM MISSION PRESIDENTS

CHANGED Qn March 16, 1937, El Ray L.

Christiansen was appointed president of the Texas Mission to succeed

James M. Peterson, who has presided

in the mission for the past two years.

President Peterson has been appointed as a counselor in the presidency of the Manti Temple.

President Christiansen has served with his wife in the Central States

Mission in 192425. He has also served

as seminary teacher in the Logan.

Seminary during the current year. He

has also served in the Y. M. M. I. A.

superintendency in Logan Stake. For

two years while residing in Salt Lake

County, he served on the East Jordan

High Council and acted for one year as bishop of the Draper First Ward.

20, 1937,. Joseph on March J. Daynes

released from his three year ROBERT L. JUOD M. 0. ASHTON was

regional exof the Salt chairman sion to the Lake States Western First 27, 1937, the and was PresMarch ecutive of the welfare work. committee succeeded William by W. Seegmiller. theQn-'idency misappoint- announced

ment of two new members to the cenThis addition increases the number President Seegmiller has long been actral committee for the welfare of the of the committee to nine members; the tive in Church affairs, having filled a

]. being: Elders other seven to mission Melvin having Germany, served asChurch. appointees These two new the of Ballard of the Council Twelve, bishop of and later as Kanab Ward attorneyare: Robert L. Judd, an B. Austin, Lee, of president managHarold Stake. and a Mark Kanab

member of the Sunday School General ing director, Stringam A. Stevens,

Board, and O. Ashton, Marvin INCOMING MISSION AND OUTGOING presCampbell Henry D. Moyle, M. Brown,

PRESIDENTSident of Highland Stake and former E. Ryberg. and William

i-eleased Uppee: Peterson, James M. from Texas

Mission. Joseph Lowec, released J. Daynes, of the president Blackfoot Stake sucStates PATRIARCHACTING Mission; W. W. Seegmiller, appointed to Western NAMED

from Western Mission; El States Christiansen, Ray ceeding Duckworth. JamesAND SALT LAKE TEMPLE appointed Mission. to Texas

PRESIDENT APPOINTED March 21, 1937.

15, April 1937, F. RichGeorge ordained Ira A. Rasmussen was

the of of theQn'ards Council Twelve of the Salina First Bishop North Ward,

Apostles, was appointed by the First Sevier Stake.

Presidency as acting Patriarch of the Junius F. Ogden was ordained

Church and supervisor of all Temples. Bishop of the Richfield First Ward,

With the appointment of acting PatriNorth Sevier Stake.

arch, reorganization of the Salt Lake

Temple became necessary, since Elder BOOK OF MORMON

Richards has served as head of the TRANSLATED INTO RUSSIAN

Temple for the past sixteen years. "Crom the Millennial Star comes the

Stephen L. Chipman, who has served news that the Book of Mormon has

as counselor to Elder Richards for the been translated into the Russian lanpast two years, was selected as his guage by Elder Andre K. Anastasiou,

successor. Nicholas G. Smith, presi- a Russian, now living in England and

dent of the California Mission, and president of the London District for

George F. Richards, Jr., custodian of the Church of Jesus Christ of LatterTemple records, were named First and day Saints.

Second Counselor respectively. Joseph Already the Book of Mormon has

Christenson will continue as chief rebeen published in sixteen languages:

corder. English, Danish, German, French,

March 9, 1937. Spanish,Italian, Welsh,Maori, Dutch,Hawaiian,Samoan,Swedish,TaPresident Heber J. Grant addressed hitian, Turkish, Japanese, Czechoslothe Midwestern Farm Chemurgic Convakian. In addition it has been pubference at Omaha. lished in the Deseret Alphabet and in

March 21, 1937. Braille, for the reading by the blind.

Joseph E. Williams was sustained as Moreover, it has been translated with306

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

FOR CHILDREN'S SUMMER READING Although during the summer animals which most of us have ocmonths, the school bells have casion to become more or less fastopped ringing, young people will miliar with in our journeyings.

still keep learning. Whether they Taken together, these books will

learn good or bad things will depend add materially to the general fund on how well we have planned for of children's knowledge and will be their indirect education. of great benefit in helping them live

Most children enjoy reading more happily and knowingly with and should be encouraged in it. By the plant and animal kingdoms.

keeping a variety of good books on ChiselTooth the Beaverhand, they can change the kind of reading they do and avoid becoming (Joseph Wharton, Lippincott, tired of any one type of book. Penn Pubhshing Co., Philadelphia,

1936, 140 pages.)

TOURING the outdoor months, young A book easily read because of its folk are constantly being inmakeup is doubly to be recommendtroduced to some of the interesting ed when the subject matter is good.

features of the plant and animal ChiselTooth, the Beaver is printed kingdom. Some of their reading on a good quality of light absorbent

should naturally introduce them to paper, slightly tinted to spare the informative books in this field. Some eyes. The customs, friends and

of them are listed below. enemies of the beaver as well as the

Desert Neighbors habitat in which it moves are made (Edith M. Patch and Carroll fascinatingly informative. The book

Lane Fenton, Macmillan, 1937, is good tonic because it leaves us 166 pages.) with a genuinely true response to strange circumstances and with

stranger prove his enemies, did he of the story the will leave wild and it Peopling a desert, an making force. to the Hawaiian worth those deeply. read moved whoinviting for visitors place is the no

mean accomphshment of these two The Red Roan Pony Flash, the Lead Dog ( George Marsh, Penn Publishartists. Children will dote on it; (Joseph Wharton Lippincott,

oldsters will be fascinated; and all Penn Publishing Company, ing Co., Philadelphia, 1927.)

will learning be benefited from about 1934, 320 pages.) Two lads with their dogs dare the lifethe plant on deserts. and animal

The information is given conIn familiarizing young folk with far north in search of furs and incretely by the use of stories, and animal life, Mr. Lippincott makes a formation concerning the disappearmake humanly interesting and real contribution to children's literance of the father of one of them,

warming the tales of the kangaroo ature. In this volume, the author a FrenchCree named Gaspard

rat, Bannertail, the horned toad, introduces a gray circus mare who Levroix. Through their persistence,

Cornu, the pack rat, Albi, and his felt the call of the desert and living courage, and ability, they were able mate. The vegetation is made among the wild horses foaled a red to protect the north country for

an integral part and makes the book roan pony that became the pride of legitimate hunters.

later a little capboy whoa wholly delightfully informative Jimmie, interested acthe are in as we trained tured him him. and The Vetadventure. us, tual happenings about not experiences of the his rider pony and

The Pond Book and Fields in chasing down coyotes, fn racing, any of us can live in a matterof-fact

AND FeNCEROWS and in hunting make enjoyable readworld for always. Children are

(Walter P. Porter and Einar ing. The book will help reinforce natural embroiderers of fact. To

A. Hansen, American Book more formal education in the husatisfy this need introduce them to

Company, the first published in mane treatment of animals. the fairy and wonder tales. One

1936 with 203 pages, the second exceptional book is suggested:

in 1937 with 266 pages.) Franz, A Dog of the Police Tales Wonder S. ( Major P. Meek, Penn PubAlbanian will children help books These Illustrated by ( Post Wheeler, Philadelphia, Company, will lishing seeingdevelop eye the and Petersham, and Miska Maud pages.) 319 1935, tofoster a desire about more know Doubleday, Doran Company, 6

this world of ours. In a day when police dogs are Inc., 1936, Garden City, 280

By easy stages, The Pond Book an essential factor in law enforcepages.)

leads the readers to a knowledge of ment, the story of Franz, a weakling, the animals and plants which may winning his place on the force beAndersen's and Grimm's fairy be found in ponds. comes doubly interesting. Not only tales and the Arabian Nights have

Fields and Fencetows deals with in the United States did he prove long been considered part of the the more common flowers, trees, and his mettle, but also in Hawaii, in heritage of every child. Added to

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1937

this rich lore may now be Albanian drawn for him by Anna Musser the additional qualities of the wisWonder Tales derived from and Stevenson, a Latterday Saint womdom of the eagle, the strength of reflecting many foreign elements: an of marked ability. the bear. The many breathtaking

Persian, Grecian, Roman, MonThe story is secondary to the mesexperiences of this Indian lad, stolen golian, Serbian. The lessons insage which Mr. Rohrbaugh wished by Nashoba and adopted by him

cluded in the collection of stories are to portray: a message of loyalty to and his squaw, Kati Ancho, make

invaluable because they imply rather country, family, and religion. The exceptionally good reading.

than preach. Of course. Occidental setting lies in the pioneering days of The author spent his younger life

women will question the wisdom of Kansas and Oklahoma. This scene in Idaho and consequently learned

letting children read the story about is of interest to Latterday Saints first hand many of the Indian cus- "The Man Who Understood Aniparticularly since the success of our toms. In more recent years, he has

mals,"but since it represents a phase Church depended on the pioneering been engaged in heading the jourof Oriental development, it can be spirit. The only thing which did not nalism department at the Brigham

explained away. seem always in keeping with the Young University; consequently he

The stories were collected and rebook is the language which is quite knows how to tell a story.

told by Dr. Post Wheeler, former learned for a group of this kind.

American Minister to Albania. The Dancing Cloud

Petershams do their usual unusual "M"people in the world have quite ( Mary Marsh BufF and lithoillustrations. so much interest in the Indian graphs by Conrad Buff, The

folk as Latterday Saints. Because Viking Press, New York, 1937,

T IFE is a continuous process and we know of their ancestry and be80 pages.

we wish to make the youngsters cause we feel a brotherly interest in realize that what they have and are them, we are always eager to read The story of Dancing Cloud and today depends in large measure upconcerning their ways and their behis family gives an insight into the on the kind of people who have preliefs. The several books following lives of the Navajo Indians of Ariceded them. The struggles of deal with various types of Indians zona of whom he was a member.

habits, customs, and learnings earlier peoples, the lessons that they and tell different stories—-all fasciTheir

have learned are applied by succeednating in their several ways. are convincingly treated. The lithoing generations to make living a graphs are delightfully informative

happier, more satisfactory process. Three Little Ojibwas and in connection with the story

From many books of this kind, we (George Marsh, Penn Publishing make a book well worth all chilhave selected two which seem to be Company, 1930, 215 pages.) dren's reading.

worthwhile for our young people:

The story of how a twelveyear- Singing Sands

The Covered Bridge old Indian boy kept his younger (Grace Moon, Doubleday, Doran, ( Cornelia Meigs, Macmillan Combrother and sister from wild animals and Company, Garden City, New pany, New York, 1936, 145 pages.) and starvation are interestingly told York, 1936, 245 pages.)

in this book. Since most children

A new book by Cornelia Meigs are interested in camping out, this Piki, the little Indian girl who had means great dehght for young peobook will satisfy this craving. spent five years at a government

ple fortunate enough to have beschool, suddenly received word that come acquainted with her previous Ko-i Chito, the Indian Boy she must return home. Until that

books. Invincible Louisa, Young call came she had not realized how

Americans, Wind in the Chimney. (Harrison R. Merrill, Brigham lonesome she had been for her desert

This particular story deals with Young University Press, Provo, home. Yet when she arrived to find

Constance, who instead of spending Utah, 1937, 128 pages.) her innocent father accused of

failed almost wrongdoing, heart her in been Boston, as hadthe winter delightful story Indian This of luck, her. with however, came Good herself her,first for found planned life stir will the of peoblood young Piki, the sands, singing her with and to farmthe Vermontintroduced ple. Chito, Ko-i for the named to unravel able the trained mind was first at learnedlands, she where lion, mountain that proved he had for also happiness mystery win and the about Allen Ethan fromhand

Green Mountain boys who were so herself. The story will prove of

important in the establishing of our great interest to young people who country. like clean, wholesome adventure and

To Latterday Saint children, the romance, book will be especially interesting since it depicts the life in Vermont Co v/hen the days are hot and where Joseph Smfth was born and young folk are languid, have a deals with approximately the same book ready for them that while they time as when he was living there. are resting they may refresh their

minds as well as their bodies.

Grandpa Weatherby (Guy Rohrbaugh, Fleming H.

Revell Co., New York, 1936,

121 pages.) Illustration drawn by Cecil Smith for

The author, a member of the deHarrisonKo-i Chito,R. TheMerrill.Indian Boy, by

partment of philosophy and religion of Dickinson College, Carlisle,

Pennsylvania, had the cover design

Ct storyi of Linsuspectea values brought to light that have long lain

.AC> head bellboy at the Chalmers, took the steps three BENEATH at a time, grumblingM all the way. "Grouchy old bear. Tenth time THE

in an hour I've raced up here to wait on him. And swell thanks! Not

even a dime."He entered the room without SURFACE

grain knocking. Mart Rowan,

just king, By CONREY BRYSON bothered too busy was now to be with formalities. At ten the next When the Elders had gone.

morning, bids would be closed for A SHORT SHORT Rowan crossed to the bed to Gardthe biggest government grain conSTORY-COMPLETE ner, but the sick man had fallen into tract in history. ON THIS PAGE a deep sleep. Rowan stood watch- "You sent for me—"Mac began. ing him a moment. Suddenly he

Rowan snapped his orders, "Six had changed them both. They strode to the closet and took from

pencils, soft leads. Ice water. Get failed to agree on any policy, and Gardner's coat the key to the sick

me all the plane and train schedules; their quarrels grew bitter and freman's hotel room.

and hurry up. What are you waitquent. Finally, Gardner stalked "Stick with me,"he commanded

ing for?"from the office, pausing at the door Mac. "I'll need you."

As Mac turned to leave, the teleto hurl a parting shaft at Rowan. For an hour Rowan worked feverphone rang. "All right. Mart. You're on top, ishly, reading Gardner's mail, send-

"Answer thatl"Rowan comnow. Some day you'll learn that ing telegrams in his name, sending

manded. there are more important things in Mac on frantic errands. Mac made

When Mac turned from the hfe than the mighty dollar."no effort to hide his contempt. Rowphone, his face was blanched. Passing years found the two men an, genius of the grain market, tak-

"It's the Memorial Hospital, sir. engaged in the bitterest competition. ing advantage of his sick competitor!

Mr. Gardner has had an emergency No word passed between them. The At last Rowan looked up with a

operation. Ruptured appendix. He story of their difference was well weary smile.

may not recover, and he wants to known to the staff at the Chalmers, "That's all for tonight, Mac.

see you."where Gardner was liked as much as Thanks!"Then he let his head fall

Rowan jumped, scattering papers Rowan was disliked. wearily upon his folded arms.

and telegrams to the floor, "It's a Mac walked out into the cool trick,"he stormed. "My chance to XvowAN strode quickly night, his faith in mankind shaken.

beat him once more, and he's got a to the bed where Gardner lay He thought of the missionaries prayruptured appendix! Well, call a breathing faintly. Rowan cleared ing in the hospital room. What

papers—andtaxi. You comethese."along. Bring these hiseyesthroat,and smiledand Gardnerweakly. opened his beProvidenceso hopelesslywould swindled?allow Gardner to

Many times during the wild ride "Mart!"he whispered. "You Grain men, waiting for the awardto the hospital. Rowan twisted his came."ing of the contract, made the Challips to a half sneer and muttered the "Yes. I'm sorry about you. Is mers their headquarters. When the

name "Nelson Gardner."That was there anything I can do?"news came, a buzz of surprised conall. The sick man failed to notice the versation spread through the lobby.

Years ago, it had been different. impatience in Rowan's voice. The contract had been awarded to

Mart Rowan and Nelson Gardner, "There is. Mart. I'd like you to Nelson Gardner's firm. Rowan had

irrepressible and inseparable highcall the L. D. S. Mission here and not even submitted a bid.,..

school graduates, had started with ask a couple of the Elders to come."Mac hurried to grab Rowan's

a cart, a bony horse, and fifty sacks Rowan stood up straight and luggage as he started for the door.

of grain. When the war came they looked out the window. Mac "I—I misunderstood you, sir,"he

saw the opportunity of a lifetime. watched him, while the clock in the managed to say. "I know now what

They bought grain with all the hallway was ticking away the precyou did. You submitted the bid in

raise, ious closing the before they could beg, or borminutesmoney "it was bids. the grain a Nelson Afterrow. Then Gardner long mowas of fine—itMr. Gardner'swas big—andname. II think

called to the colors. Rowan stayed ment, the grain king, -who had term- "Thanks, son,"Rowan interruptbehindcap—stayedbecausebehindof a physicaland soldhandigrain anded religionwalked "ato lotthe oftelephonebunk,"turnedin the theed, andbellhop'spressedhand.a fiveThendollarhe squaredbill into

at unheard of prices. The day that hallway. his shoulders and strode out into

saw the completion of Gardner's All the while the missionaries the sunshine.

service to his country, saw Mart were in the room, Mac's eyes were A year later, grain men were

Rowan firmly established as the upon Rowan, who stood with head again gathered at the Chalmers.

country's leading grain merchant. bowed, jaws firm, silent. Mac's happiest duty was to run up

Rowan had awaited anxiously his "Maybe the old boy's got a heart the stairs with another message for partner's return, but success and war after all,"he mused. "Rowan and Gardner."

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE

COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE—EDITED BY JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH

the him, thy to serve love Lord and God the land length of the Throughout FEAR SHALT THETHOU all all soul. thy heart thy with with and raised churches that the has cry been GOD,LORD THY AND

of the Lord, the keep commandments To deserted; are pulpits being 6:13. are empty;SERVE HIM—Deut. I this his statutes, thee which and command sale, for being are or of houses worship advising for thy good? day, Coolidge CalvinPresident for into buildings other transformed 'of the the heaven and Behold heaven said: the people American "The profess to purposes. Ministers who earth is the the thy Lord's heavens God, is of strength thestrength country of a their conbefore Christians stand be is. therein all that also, with reits religious convictions."Being a confess blush gregations a without and

ligious the tendency observed man who is to to question put timely This a divine in faith the that they have no irreligion raised times theof he towards Israel. the doth Lord modern "What Christ. accept of mission Jesus They the called voice upon warning anda it Is not of thee?"require thy God ethical great moral as and a merely Him of again to to the turn worshippeople just serve that as necessary today we Begotten teacher, the not as but Only

he, said government,""OurGod. in the us as he has Lord commanded of God. Son

is It that religion."rests from upon said: has our he wherein day there declares that education Modern that reverence derivesource our we

for truth and justice, for equality and never was such a thing as the "fall"of Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with liberality, and for the rights of manman, but that conditions have always all thy heart, with all thy might, mind, and

Christ of in Jesus this strength, and the name in as in the gone same on now way in believekind. people Unless the

shalt thy love shalt serve him. thou Thou they, death Here, say world. mortal believe in principles cannotthese they thyself? as neighbor held always have and mutation sway...our government. The government

earth natural conditions and on this of the as the Spirit of that instructed ahead never getsof are a country We universe the throughout everywherereligion "giveth Truth, of a country. the or Light of There is no Lord, way

by which we can substitute the authorthe same laws obtain. It is declared light to every man that cometh into the

ity of law for the virtue of man."that man has made his ascent to the world; and the Spirit enlighteneth every

The founders of the United States exalted place he now occupies through man through the world, that hearkeneth were religious men. They met in the countless ages of development which to the voice of the Spirit."The great

spirit of prayer when struggling for has gradually distinguished him from majority of men refuse, however, to their independence and in the framing lower forms of life. Such a doctrine hearken to the Spirit of Truth and are

of discards the story of necessity Adam of the United Spirit the Constitutionof of Truth, and not led by the it of Eden, which and the Garden that theStates. not even unto God, looks hence "cometh He The Lord declared

was with them and raised them up to upon as a myth coming down to us Father."Members of the Church of

lay the foundation of the United States from an early age of foolish ignorance Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints have that "the rights and protection of all and superstition. Moreover, it is been given the privilege of greater

flesh, according to just and holy printaught that since death was always guidance, even that of the Holy Ghost, prevailcondition here, and a naturalciples,"maintained. also might not, are be those but who hearken

could all space, there ing throughout left days, the Since those in darkness not when our fathers and receive met to frame the oasic law for a stable not possibly come a redemption from voice of the Spirit, which the Lord has government through the inspiration of Adam's transgression, hence there was said will not always strive with men the Lord, there have come to pass great no need for a Savior for a fallen when they fail to keep his commandchanges in this country. Can it longer world. ments.

be said, after the passing of one hunIs it any wonder, under such circumThe Gospel of Jesus Christ was not dred and sixty years, that we, the peostances, that churches are deserted; founded on a myth or a superstition.

ple of the United States, are a Godthat more than half of the population It is the verity of verities, and has been fearing, prayerful people? The rapidof this country has become indifferent, revealed again from the heavens for

ity with which the minds of the people if not antagonistic, to religion? This, the salvation of men and, said the

have been turning from religious woralso, is just as true of other lands. We Lord:

destroys attitude the take which cannot attitude of indifferenceship and to an in the speak every name That man might casts faith in a doubt which and God is the appalling.agnosticism, One of the Savior of the Lord, even the God

receive then and work, His upon in the Literary Digest, of theeditors the world;of

issue of January 23, 1937, declared that beneficent guidance of. His Spirit. That faith also might increase in the

"an intellectual movement of agnostic From the attendance at places of worearth;

savor is rapidly gaining momentum in ship the people have transferred their That mine everlasting covenant might be the United States, which eliminates allegiance to places of amusement, and established;

be fulness the of gospel might That my is reall that that much men know exalts in sense the ordinary andGod the the simple proclaimed and by weak is in most these places ceived of aman."the world, before of the unto ends and if charnot unsavory unwholesome further says: He rulers; kings and

acter. bounds leaps and by shall Puzzle—Growing the things of the world That weak

during the depression years, Humanism It is impossible to exalt man and become forth and break down the mighty and a farrago of other agnostic quasilittle God. The noblest nature is found and strong ones, that man should [no

atheistic movements long have been a in the humble man who is not ashamed longer] counsel his fellow men [in religious of tabulators to nationalpuzzle flesh. error] the trust his in neither of to acknowledge knee the arm and bow

is thatfigures. nonchurch reason The all things. adin of The hand God reluctant to deare increasinglymembers Saints, as Latterday we, any Are is just as Israel to of monition Moses beliefs. theirfine precise better in principle faithfulness to our in the as timely true today it was and currently least are 70,000,000 people At revealed, covenant been has and which give to he commanded day when was religious this toin category, according received, are than have and which we it Israel have to ancient from lostliberals. we of Drifting, whom them have most

to their the the of people world modern religions,interest in old the have become descended:

indifferent to the faiths ascribed to by the And now, Israel, what doth the Lord thy covenants? Are we falling into all the

54,000,000 fellow Americans who are on God require of thee, but to fear the Lord errors and partaking of all the forbidchurch rolls. thy God, to walk in all his ways, and to den things, in acts and thoughts, which

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1937

have had such a baneful influence upon ments renewed in our day, also foring out the indifferent, the lukewarm, the world? Have we forgotten the getting "to fear the Lord"and "to walk and the wayward, trying to bring them

great commandment, or are we forin his way"? back to active membership in the

It that apparent it, seems very Church? to are thatgetting worship God we in the important meeting most The

if the hold Priesthood and all might, heart, mind, who the who and wewith is service the Sacrament which Church callings in faith the have which Christ? have in the ofstrength, Jesus name to attend. acare Yet commanded we greater us, forth will given put a been equally the other forgettingAre we latest the reports to the cording on

this effort Latterday condition amongimportant commandment. the of percent only average twenty improved. materially Saints can be

this at in imattendance are members in shalt the thy thank Lord God Thou call presidents of ye quorums, Come, slipalso meeting. portantall Are things. we the forth the to brethren show upon sacrifice the ofFer shalt unto Lord a fail ping? to Thou and comprehend we Do is of them. expected which energy We that of in righteousness, a eventhy God the the has heed Lord commandment told that emhave we, have been who spirit: contrite heart abroken and this In people us? given day when are in the the service of Lord, barked fully that keep thou more mayest And faith, should lack have emwho we shalt with the to obligation the world, serve thou unspottedthyself under from Him the fulness also of the braced Gospel otFer thy the of to and prayer up house strength, allgo heart, might, mind, our and

in lacking of the manifestation be holy day;sacraments upon my doing "stand blameso and by we may faith? is this verily appointed unto a For day last less at the before day."The God

labors, from your and pay thyyou to rest calling his to be done will not Here is work men magnifies by the man who the High. untodevotions Most all the the Priesthood. holding to salvation bring Are only the wayward

Are we, who have received the fulcommittees appointed in the several who may repent, but will also bring salness of the Gospel and these commandquorums alive to their duties, searchvation to his own soul. S.

ALBERT E. BOWEN OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

(Concluded from page 281) words. He guards character as a He has carried throughout his life

silent power that always radiates thing sacred. He regards friendthe spirit of hope. His is a knowing

from his personality. Modesty, ship as a holy possession and would faith. His contact with God has

without assumption, characterizes say with Ralph Waldo Emerson: been genuine, sincere, and holy. He

every movement of this fine man. "A divine person is the prophecy has sought his Creator through the

Quoting from Thomas Carlyle: of the mind! a friend is the hope of agency of prayer, humility, determi-

"Silence is the element in which the heart. Our beatitude waits for nation, and work. His unassuming

great things fashion themselves tothe fulfillment of these two in one."attitude toward people and things

gether: that at length they may His loyalty is deep and fine. He has brought him the thanks of grateemerge, fullformed and majestic, has been true to every trust given ful hearts, and now that he has

into the daylight of life; which they him. He has lived in the confidence come into an exalted place—an

are thenceforth to rule."A. E. of his friends. He has upheld and Apostle of the Lord, Jesus Christ

Bowen's thoughts are fashioned and sustained every righteous movement we unite in thought and word and built in the silent hours of his life. that has come under his observation. action in our knowledge that God

There are many who join in the His loyalty to the Presidency and through His servants has selected a thought that to be with him is to General Authorities of the Church man of merit, capability and power.

feel his strength. One naturally is without flaw. He rightfully said In this day of grandeur and elogravitates to him. There are those that he would follow in his new exquence, splendor and glory, we join

whose very presence are radiant alted calling the course that he has with John Temple Graves in his with power. When A. E. Bowen always been taught to pursue—to summation of life: "Next to the

speaks, whether in private or in pubdo the best he knows how to do, and radiance that flows from the Allic, his words are choice, majestic, sustain those with all his heart who mighty's throne is the light of a and fine. have as their responsibility the dinoble and beautiful life, wrapping

His friendship is genuine; it is recting of the affairs of the Church. itself in tender benediction around

built upon the principle of love. He He loves the right and those who do the destinies of men, and finding its

would gladly sacrifice his all for a the right. His given word is his home in the Bosom of the everlasting

devoted friend. To him friendship pledged bond, and the bad faith of God."Such a benediction belongs

is more than a passing phrase. He another never justifies its default. to Albert E. Bowen, a man of great

never permits the good name of a Faith has taught Albert E. worth, and an Apostle of the Lord

friend to be smeared with unsavory Bowen to look up and not down. Jesus Christ.

his a of people wrote State Street was and the common for in one for them. songs a rendezvous Yet he wasSTORY OF OUR HYMNS beautyHis homespotonand

{Concluded from page 297) lovers. In fact, it is remarkable how respect a musical autocrat, he wantof his compositions appear in Latterthis bachelor provided so many roed his own way in the conduct of

talks, he withthe for lovers'choir, and he had it, when nooks mantic Saint day Hymns—more than by best. abide succeeded falling to cupid's a victim He couldn't out himself composer. any other

dart. the supervision of committees.

IDrofessor Stephens was an arAnd this love of Nature was the Evan Stephens was a born poet.

dent lover of nature. Flowers, inspiration that caused him to colHad he received a higher education

mountain streams, rocky peaks, and laborate with Emmeline B. Wells in in letters he would no doubt have

pine clad hills allured him. The bringing forth that beautiful song, achieved worldrenown. As it was,

charm of his early days in Willard "Our Mountain Home So Dear."his songs and compositions appealed

was. never dispelled and there were Professor Stephens was a powerto the religious emotions of the Latfew peaks and nooks in those hills ful personality—self educated—difter-day Saints who will forever hold

that could not show his footprints. ferent from most musicians. He was his name in loving remembrance.

.

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

TWO CHURCHWIDE EVENTS this Year, Chairman of Ward Aaronic Organization: Stake basis, under

ANNOUNCED FOR RESTORAPriesthood Committee; 5 minutes. direction of Stake Aaronic Priesthood

TION ANNIVERSARY 12. Progress of the Aaronic PriestCommittee where practicable. Isolated

pilto prefer the conduct wards may in the Bishop, our hood by Ward, who of outstanding events the OF/NE basis. a grimage on ward is Priestthe of President Aaronic its history, Priesthood Aaronic entire afternoon or day Time: The in the minutes. 5 ward; hood is last dispensation, inrestoration the only. afternoon or evening and 13. to the song, "Praise Closing unobservanceto Churchwide have is suggested program Program: A Jehovah,"With Communed Man Presiding the Who plans announcedder by follows: as 14. Benediction, or a Teacher by anniversary, actualBishopric. The if site selected, to the reach Plan Deacon. is to be Saturday, 15, coming onMay in for possible, Special lunch. time

of general pilgrimoccasion themade

Priesthood Aaronicages by groups, Suggestions musiccould beor otherpresentedentertainmentduring thenumberslunchbasispreferably and under on a stake period. All Presidents of Quorums should sit eon committee. of the stakethe direction the stand if possible. principal event of the day on The

Programs and suggestions for the two Assignments of all details of the should be the Restoration Service at events are given herewith. program should be made early and an appropriate time during the afterSUGGESTED PROGRAM FOR carefulAll memberspreparationof theshouldAaronicbe urged.Priestnoon.hikes, Followingor other therecreationprogram featuresgames,

AARONIC PRIESTHOOD hood should sit together as quorum should be provided to make the daySUNDAY, MAY 16, 1937 groups as near the stand as possible. attractive and enjoyable. If lunch is

TThe actual 108th Anniversary is Members should be encouraged to not planned for in advance of the serit could be provided for fol- * Saturday, May 15. give particular attention to their pervice,

Theme: "The Aaronic Priesthood sonal appearance. lowing the recreation features.

and Its Activities as a Guide to SucMembers assigned to usher should If conditions are suitable and it is cess in Life."be given definite instructions and asconsidered desirable the program may

A Priest with two assistants to consignments. be extended to include a campfire serduct the meeting under the direction An outstanding Priest should be sevice, the feature of which should be

of the Bishop. lected to conduct the meeting under stories of interest to boys from the

Teachers and Deacons to usher unthe direction of the Bishop. Book of Mormon, it being rememberder the direction of a Priest. A special campaign should be coned that it was while translating the

1. Opening song, "We Thank Thee, ducted to induce all members of the Book of Mormon that the inspiration

O God, For a Prophet."Aaronic Priesthood to attend quorum came to Joseph Smith and Oliver Cow-

2. Prayer, by a Teacher. meetings and this Anniversary Sacradery to go into the wilderness to pray

3. Aaronic Priesthood Chorus or ment Service. for understanding of the principle of

Quartet. It is very desirable that groups of baptism; and that the result was the

4. Sacrament Service. Aaronic Priesthood members be trainRestoration of the Aaronic Priesthood

Priests to Administer Sacrament. ed in singing suitable choruses for this and the first baptisms by authority of

Teachers to assist in preparation of occasion. It is preferable to have the Priesthood in this Dispensation.

Sacrament Table. each chorus of boys of approximately

Deacons to pass Sacrament. the same age. Suggested Program for the

Special attention should be given to The Presiding Bishopric Restoration Service the Sacrament if that suggested Note: It has been

should be checked. that Service.A fineEveryspiritdetailof ANNUAL AARONIC PRIESTproper a arrangements can be madereverence should be established. All HOOD PILGRIMAGE, SATURbaptismal service with actual baptisms, beparticipating should give special care DAY, MAY 15, 1937 held either preceding or following the Rescloth-to cleanliness of person of and

ing. set should This service a stannpHis is the actual 108th anniversary torationpress uponService,all presentthe purposethe sacrednessbeing ofto thisimdard for the future. of the Restoration of the Aaronic ordinance and the necessity of proper

5. Scripture Reading, by a Teacher: Priesthood, May 15, 1829. authority.

Oliver Theme: Honoring 18, SectionDoctrine Covenants, and Cowdery conducted to be The service by a Priest.

1-8. with the who, receivedverses Joseph Smith Priesthood Aaronic Chorus, "What Was

directly Aaronic Priesthood from of the Restoration Aaronic John 6. The in the Witnessed Heavens."

Priesthood, by a Deacon: See "Joseph the Baptist: the first person to be bapOpening prayer by a Teacher.

Smith's Own Story,"or any Church tized by proper authority in this disVocal or instrumental number, a trumHistory; 5 minutes. pensation and one of the Three Witpet solo, "Nephite Lamentation,"a quar-

7. "How the Priesthood Helped to nesses of the Book of Mormon. tet of Priests or Teachers or a chorus of

Develop the Character and PersonalPlace: A shaded or wooded spot Deacons, or other appropriate number.

ity of Joseph Smith,"by a Priest; 10 on the bank of a stream duplicating "What Every Member of the Aaronic

minutes. as nearly as possible the place on the Priesthood Should Know About Oliver

8. Chorus, duet or solo or instruSusquehanna River near Harmony, Cowdery,"by a Priest; 10 minutes.

mental selection by member or memPennsylvania, where the Aaronic "Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery, the first Aaronic in Priesthood representatives 15, Priesthood restored of 1829. Priesthood.bers the Aaronic was May

Dispensation."of Story the (The ResIf is 9. Its such a place not as this available Priesthood one Aaronic and "The

toration, Priest.) 10 minutes, a by it like in as possible locality in nearlyActivities as to each Success a Guide singing, Congregational Angel From "An selected. Priest; beLife,"minutes. place chosen may 10 a by The High."the should learn (Each quorum On

10. visited in should Scripture Reading, be a Deaadvance by by memthis practice and words song between now

con, Doctrine and Covenants, Secbers of the committee, to plan the setand May 15, in order that in rendition, tion 13. ting and take advantage of any natspirit and understanding this number may

11. Our Plans for Aaronic Priestural situation which may lend itself be a feature of the service)

hood Social and Fraternal Activities to the program. "Oliver Cowdery as a Special Witness

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1937

for Joseph Smith,"by a Priest; 10 minutes. He was a witness to the translation

of the Book of Mormon, one of the Three

Witnesses, a witness to the Restoration of the Aaronic Priesthood and Melchizedek

Priesthood, the first baptisms and many of the important early revelations to the

Church.

Chorus or Quartet, "Joseph Smith's First

Prayer."Reading of Section 13 of the Doctrine and Covenants, by a Teacher or Deacon.

"What the Church Expects of Members of the Aaronic Priesthood,"by a member of the Stake Presidency, or of the

Stake Aaronic Priesthood Committee or other representative, 5 minutes.

Announcements of Plans for Recreation events.

Closing song, "I'll Serve the Lord While

I Am Young."(This song should be memorized and rehearsed by each quorum between now and May 15.)

Closing prayer, by a Deacon.

STANDARD QUORUM AWARD HONOR ROLL CiNCE the last Honor Roll was pub- * lished the following quorums have qualified for this recognition for outstanding service awarded by the Presiding Bishopric to quorums which prescribed standards: thehave met A. M. C. OF GLENBAND KIWANIS BOYS an Y. long Burgener, major, Arnold and CAL. MANAGER, DALE, CONDUCTOR, THESmithfield Stake, Benson Ward, of the the boys active worker among OF PERCENTAGE LARGE A MAJOR DRUM AND

first,Teachers second and Quorum A. Y. M. I. M. MEMBERS. MEMBERS ARE is the conductor. Church

quorums; Ogden of the recent appearance most The

,Thirteenth Ogden at and Boulder Las Vegas Stake, band wasand third Deacons'W a r d

Priests'quorum; Lehi Fourth Ward, City, Nevada, where, under the sponcy is chairman, the Glendale boys gave

Lehi Stake, Priests'quorum. sorship of the Scout committee of Las concerts to raise funds with which to

A number of additional quorums Vegas district, of which Bryan L. carry on the Scout program in Boulhave applied for the awards but have Bunker of the Moapa Stake Presidender City.

not submitted the requested information. Presentation of the awards to

eighteen wards of the Los Angeles

Stake at a recent stake conference was featurea gathering. of that At the THE WORD OF WISDOM REVIEWstake Priesthood meeting for March,

President of Taylor T. George Wood, to A Monthly Presentation of Pertinent Information Regarding theStake presented in Canada, awards

four quorums of the Raymond Second Lord's Law of Health

Ward, two of them being to the two quorums of Teachers in the one ward, an unusual occurrence. THE EVIL EFFECTS cohol (used as beverage) is derived

It is urged that all requests for OF ALCOHOL from fermentation of sugar.

awards still due, together with the information necessary to complete the /NE OF the definite responsibilities National Authority Condemns awards be sent to the Presiding Bishof members of bishoprics and suAlcohol opric pervisors of at the earliest possible date. Priesthood quoAaronic of Battle Creek Kellogg Dr. H.

teach is to the rums of every member says: (see Who'sJ. Who)

to Priesthood of observePRIESTHOOD JOIN the Word MEMBERS never, under any condi- "Alcohol

FRIENDS IN NOTED BAND Wisdom. In view of the widespread tion, increases the vital energy of the

in increase liquor drinking following it decreases contrary, the but body, on of are boysllORMON members who is repeal this re- a pressing serious and in uniform manner and a marked the Aaronic Priesthood of and sponsibility.

its influence upon poisonous through I.the in Y. A. Glendale M. M. Ward

cells. living the theof Stake, the Pasadena taken have the Says Government What stimtonic is or a "Alcohol a never inlead organizing developing and one About Alcohol interis It narcotic ulant. a always theof outstanding in bands boy West- "Prohibition {From Facts") lesfunctions fering bodily and withern Salter, America. Dr. LeVerne W. vital tonic the sening and nerve is Alcohol a narcotic of the drug I.Superintendent the of Y. A. M. M.

energy. familyin as hydrocarknown Pasadena the Stake organizer was

not aid digestion, but "Alcohol does which morphine, cocaine, is itsof the manager. band and With chemicalbons—to

it."hinders actually and heroin belong. are the Thesea nucleus of boys the from Glendale

chief narcotics classified which are the organization expandedWard was as Alcohol and Opium habitforming drugs. Alcohol is the includes reboysand now of many

ligions who carry on as the Glendale most dangerous morally, socially and "Medically and socially the case

Y. M. C. A.-Kiwanis Club band. Earl economically because it is the most against alcohol is just as clear as the

Peterson, formerly of Logan, is drum widely and generally used. Ethyl alcase against opium."

JESUS TAUGHT TITHING

TO NEPHITES WARD TEACHER'S MESSAGE, JUNE, 1937 TV FTER the resurrection of the Savior, "this the Nephites on He visited LIVING FOR OUR BLESSINGS continent of the sayings and told them 'T'here is a law, irrevocably decreed in heaven before the foundations of of Malachi applying them to that peothis world, upon which all blessings are predicated. And when we ple:

obtain any blessing from God, it is by obedience to that law upon which it Even from the days of your fathers ye is predicated. (Doctrine and Covenants, Section 130:2021.) are gone away from mine ordinances, and

them. kept unto Return not and have me into right the the is person every given. born of free world agency To

I will saith to return of Hosts. you, the Lord right life in of his the order us has to chooses. whatsoever Each manner he return? shall say: But ye Wherein we

live blessings, to righteously merit the choose and promised have If we we rob Yet ye Will God? a have man

that privilege. If we choose to live sinfully and forfeit our rights to these robbed me. But ye say: Wherein have we

blessings that privilege also has been given to us. robbed thee? In tithes and offerings.

It should always be remembered that the principle of free agency inYe are cursed with a curse, for ye have volves both freedom of action and responsibility for our actions. All blessrobbed me, even this whole nation.

ings promised by your Father in Heaven are predicated upon obedience to Bring ye all the tithes into the storehouse, in house; there that and be meat my may blessings laws. those the the denied. laws cannot obey His be who To

saith of herewith, the Lord prove me now is disregard violate there the those claim promise, and no law no who To if I the will not Hosts, open windows you

If exercise free the blessings. unrighteously our upon agency must we we that blessing of a heaven, pour you out and

expect to suffer the consequences of sin, which, to the sinful are as certain there shall not be room enough to receive it.

to follow as are blessings to those who obey the commandments. And I will rebuke the devourer for your

For more than a hundred years. Latterday Saints have tested the sakes, and he shall not destroy the fruits of

promises of the Lord, and multitudes have testified to their fulfillment. your ground; neither shall your vine cast

fields, saith fruit in before the the time individually both those of the Today, and collectively obey laws who God her

Hosts. the of Lord blessed are being abundantly. blessings greater But far are promised for call all blessed, shall nations you And faithfulness. for fuller obedience promises and greater are These of both the saith land, shall a delightsome be ye

temporal and spiritual blessings, if we obey both temporal and spiritual Lord of Hosts.—3 Nephi 24:7-12.

laws.

Never since the organization of the Church has there been greater THE WIDOW AND need of desirability of strict observance of the laws of God by every THE TITHING

Latterday Saint; and never befoffe have the promises of glorious blessings (From Gospel Doctrine)

fulfillment. certain of people. blessed are been prospers. a more Zion We 4f I believe that and which PREACH is acclaim. according world wide the Church The I I I is true; and that which know lulled into false security. not of be sense a should blessings The We the will laws obey that if men do know still will continued enjoy the blessings be greater and have now which we them. bless will honor and of God, God if us, given unto be promised only been the law obey which upon we

life it all I through. proved have my all blessings are of to obedience law God's commandments. willpredicated—the in it I circumstances manifested saw

As a people and as individuals we should beware of the sins and which occurred in my childhood, and I temptations that surround us and make every effort to live for the great know that God has blessed the widow blessings, both temporal and spiritual, which have been promised to the and the fatherless when they have been faithful. obedient to his laws and have kept His

commandments

WARD TEACHING GAINS

IN FEBRUARY CHURCHWIDE TITHING CAMPAIGN IN MAY stakes reporting of'T'he number been conducted has campaign past years SEVERAL a Churchwide pOR for the teaching of ward principle * 100% important *- during have this of the month in an effort to May month of February is double that brought to the attention of every member of the Church at least once shown in the report for January. Eight annually. "Teach tithing in May"has come to be an accepted slogan and

stakes are on the honor list for Febplan of the Ward Teachers of the Church.

ruary with six more above 90%. The This year because of the extensive plans now under way for expansion

standing of stakes above 90% is as in practically all lines of Church activity, including the erection of temples, follows chapels, tabernacles, institutes, and seminary buildings, a special effort is

Juarez - 100% to be made to have every home in every ward visited, with the subject

Los Angeles - 100% of tithing as the special message. Suggestions have been sent by the

Wells - 100% Presiding Bishopric to all Stake and Mission Presidents and to all Bishops

Bear Lake - 100% in order that the campaign may be carried out in all parts of the Church.

Oneida 100% the subject, education general tithing, of on Short with a view talks on - HornBig 100% the quorums, of during in Priesthood all meetings given to be MayFranklin 100% are

Genealogical Primary, A., and School, Society, Rehef Sunday M. I. River - 100%Bear

Long Beach -- 98% Society. Suggestions for fiveminute talks have been sent to all wards.

South Davis - 98% It is especially urged that the heads of all Church organizations in stakes

Star Valley - -- - 97% and wards interest themselves in the campaign and its purposes and both

Weber - - 96% by example and precept assist in encouraging all Church members to obey -Yellowstone 94% the law of tithing.

San Juan - 93%

luaitlow

CHURCH BOARD OF EDUCATION EDITING COMMITTEE

HEBER r. GRANT CHARLES A. CALLIS VERNON F. LARSEN,

J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS Chairman.

DAVID O. McKAY FRANKLIN L, WEST WILLIAM E. BERRETTRUDGER CLAWSON D. WINTER, MERRILL CLAYSON FIELDINGJOSEPH SMITH ARTHUR Secy, and Treas, McGHIE W. FRANK L. RICHARDSSTEPHEN

FRANKLIN L. WEST, R.RICHARD D. LYMAN BRYSON EUGENE Commissioner of Education. A. WIDTSOEJOHN

JOSEPH F. MERRILL M. LYNN BENNION,

ADAM S. BENNION Seminary Supervisor.

MAGAZINE ARTICLES OF compensations for lack of ability."process is love. In the spirit of love,

EDUCATIONAL INTEREST 25. "Teachers will rely little upon Jesus taught his followers to face the

"On the Religious Horizon"pupilscompetitionbut ratherand uponrivalrythe amongfullest meastheir problemsguided intoof thelife futurecourageously,by the andhighestbe (William B. Sharp, Current History, ure of group activity and cooperation."possible ideals.

March, 1937.) - Joseph B. Harris, Principal Bland Of very timely import is the discusTn this feature which he conducts ing Seminary, Blanding, Utah, and sion of the integrative function, and

monthly for Current History, the President of San Juan Stake. therapeutic value of religion. It is

author, Rev. William B. Sharp, sketchpointed out, that amid the complexilife the danger of losing one'ses the significant news in the religious BOOKS AT THE DEPARTMENT ties of

is ever present. Man's funworld. According to one of the topLIBRARY balance

to integradamental desires may lead in Lifeics this Adjustments mentioned month by Rev, Religion offers Religion or disintegration. Stevens, (Samuel NowellSharp, there is realization a growing New York, tion

among churchmen and educators of Abingdon Press, 1935, 147 pages.) opportunities for the individual to acin his inner quire harmony unity and of providinga need proan efficient

this beend, the author life. Toward 'T'o anyone who takes pride in the of education. charactergram American education needs "something"bethought of religion as a dynamic lieves prayer to be very helpful.

asReUgion may very successfully living abundant toward moresides the instimulus "usual School Sunday of maladjustin the reconstruction world, in our everyday Religion In sist isstruction"receiving, accordyouth ing to A. C. Marts, acting president Life Adjustments will prove very ed personalities. The healing power

influence faith, stimulating the of and stimulating profitable reading. and Theof University. Bucknell address In an

practical religious ideals of have very is point of psychologist that of a viewat the Presbyterian dinCollege Union in the applications of personalprocess for researching positive values in thener 11, President on January Marts integration. ity ligious experience. issaid, forgotten something "There

last his rechapter, In Stevens Mr. in that author a observes worldin It is The education. religion. American

in of the mission defines the church is religion of change, faced is withIt a training in character. moral Edulight of everour the complex and crisis,""perennial results the but arecation has forgotten that thing the only

It thoughtnot world. changing must beneficial. religion it Science need it and into vitalbrought being and made

is lessly the that church supposed be if not at the other be each with war Princi- C. Nielsen, Jean—religion."itself in rather than a end means an factfinder, former as a recognized bepal Seminary, Moreland Moreland.

is Its service, of end. duty one to an latter the as a and bounteous sourceIdaho, in and Teacher Blackfoot,

it fulfillment in of the must which of In values. the of face increased anIdaho, Seminary.

its vital of to the needs change meet causeeffect relationabout knowledge "Teacher Attitude Today"ships, man "finds himself utterly demembers. Its leaders may well have

their "the salvaging function, as major reality the which, very upon(Leon Mones, Chairman English Dependent souls."building of the and it as to being revealed him, seemed waspartment, Central School, High Newreligion, a sponsored dynamic by A to relieve of of sense the him dependark, JuniorSenior N. High J., in will "bring out church, dynamic man itself."enceSchool Clearing House, February, strife his his himwith of weakness, accepts the natural Stevens exMr.1937.) strength, fellows, his self into the and for religion. planation origin of the

T-Tere the author is thinking about the He says, "that religious experience was the peace and harmony, the integra- * * subject of education in terms of an inevitable outcome of the kind of tion of his lifeimpulses, which he can the teacher. He offers twentyfive mental organization which man posget only in communion with the Eterpoints that he thinks fit into a valid sesses."nal Presence."John D. Lillywhite.

creed for the modern teacher. While it is admitted that religion Principal "Wayne Stake Seminary,

To try further to epitomize these is sometimes misused for the purpose Bicknell, Utah.

points would destroy their real value, of escaping from the realities of life, so for conciseness we shall select just the author emphasizes its significance The Life of Franklin D. Richards

a few at random. as a "tensionreducing mechanism,"or (Franklin L. West, Ph. D., Deseret

10. "Teachers will conceive of their emotional outlet, which may reorient News Press, Salt Lake City, Utah,

function in terms of guidance, directhe individual. In addition to this value, 1924, 275 pages, $1.75. For information, production, and adjustment, rareligion is a source of power and motion concerning this book write the

ther than in terms of assignments, rectivation toward the highest good of Department of Education.)

itations, and markings."which man can conceive.

20. "Teachers will think less of inAfter considering various religious "Diography, always a delightful avedividual, institutional, and local adattitudes, the conclusion is drawn that nue of acquaintance with great

vancement and increasingly of generthe one which is dominated by the personalities, approaches perfection in al, national, and world welfare."teachings of Jesus, makes possible a the sincere, entertaining, and instructive

23. "Teachers will value will, enmore complete evaluation of experiportrayal of the life of a truly remarkthusiasm, character, sincerity on a par ence in terms of a total perspective. able Pioneer, Franklin Dewey Richwith ability—and sometimes even as The greatest motive in this evaluating {Concluded on page 325)

General Superintendency General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

Y. M. M.

Q. I.POXA. GEORGE MORRISI. A. SOSALTNORTHLAKEMAINCITY,STREETUTAH RUTHY. W. MAYM.

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM, LUCY GRANT CANNON

Executive Secretary General Offices Y. W. M. I. A. CLARISSA A. BEESLEY

33 BISHOP'S BUILDING ELSIE HOGAN VAN NOY,

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Secretary

Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices

5:00 p. m. Reception—all departments. HpHE FOLLOWING program of the

7:00 p. m. Special Dramatization "Cul- l Gridley Stake Music Festival was0 tural Life."gt in by Alda Bihler:

Sunday, June 13 Mixed Chorus Yuba City

E. Leslie CONFERENCEJUNE Peace—C. -invSpecialc Religious Barrow Maurine Sessionsc in..i-rr.i the Taber- j.jPrinceofAPPROACHES final feature. the nacle as f j

has et's Conference"**T to June go

Monday,, June 14.. Girls'PrayerChorusPerfect—Irvine J. StensonLiberty suggested as an appropriate been

greeting among M. I. A. workers for the Summer Recreation Leaders Institute to Whispering Hope—Hawthorne

Boys'Chorus the entire day. annual occupy weeks.next few The great

Stars of the Summer Night—I. GridleyB. of Improvementgathering the Mutual T.JNote:T complete1 detailst.1 ofc -nFor more Woodbury

Associations, which has come to mean the conference and special information Mixed Quartet Oroville so much in the promotion and motivasee The Improvement Eva for June. Pilgrim's Chorus—Richard Wagner

tion of the youth program of the Men's Duet Liberty is for SaturFriday, scheduledChurch,

I. A. HONOR DAYS rLadies,,, oQuartetl SaviorWhite Yuba Ciry 13. M. 11, 12, and Sunday, andday, June

Lichter Hans by Not—Arr. Po'Qet Me another Monday, June 14 to re-, officers are urged WARDOn allday ALL vmlin] strumental cello (piano, Trio Institute Recreation LeadersSummer read suggestions the comments and

appropriatewill be held with the same concerning Honor which were Days "to TheeLouis A. '"NraerMyGod setting as last year and convenientand given in the are April Eva. Ihese Drumheller

several innovations. truly "Commencement"Days for M. Poem Music

The June Conference this year will I. A.; they glorify the accomplishments Girls'Chorus Corning

present many new features. With the of the months just passed and prophesy In the Boat—GriegStickles

objective of furnishing information, of the achievements to come. They Songs My Mother Taught Me—DvorakStickles inspiration, exceeding,education, and are,, the culmination of the eveningGridley Ensemble *""9if possible conventions outstanding the period usher Sum- 1.in 1 and.,1 Barcarolle the,r from lales or Hofrman 1 session years. General board the pastof few its., season, delightfulJ promer,with qj. Oroville rio for atcommittees been work have activities. last of gram our Following Cradle Song—Brahms

details of the program. on theweeks issue their to plans Stakes report began Quartet Double Corning Mixed

Highlights of the conference, subject for Stake Honor Day and we are asThe Glory of God in Nature—Beethoven

to some slight modifications, are these: sured that many more will be well preArr. by Goodell

Friday, June 11 pared before the eventful occasion arrives. May 11th and 18th are the

9:30 a. m. Opening Session, featuring a days.

new presentation "Let's Go To Mutual."Chairmen; A. and Adams, Emily Madsen C. GIRLS ASSIST presentation, IN THE Axel10:30 a. m. Special "The MUTUAL

L. Richard Dr. Stevenson, Evans, Grace C. L. A. 1937-8."Theme for CHURCH SECURITY PLAN Neslen, Laura Nicholson, Aurelia P. Bennlon.

11:00 a. m. Demonstration, "Assembly

the General WHO attended beginning of A LL Programs."Conference—the ConJUNE

ference of the Church last month another year! 2:00 p. m. Educational Meets in five *

departments including drama, were stirred by the report given of the We hope that there is a leader for music, dancing, speech and progress and success of the Churchevery Adult Class in every ward, story and literature and travel. wide Security Plan. The extent of chosen and ready to begin the year's

p. 2:00 m. Convention. MenGleaner M the accomplished work and magnitude program. as urge that many as We 2:00 m. Conference. ExplorerScout p. in of contributions produce, money, possible the attend Conference June Buffet Saltair. at m. 5:00 p. Luncheon

quilts, clothing, etc., of particular was is the of because it information source Saltair. Festival at 7:00 m. p. Dance

interest to Y. W. M. I. A. workers beon the year's work and an inspiration

Saturday, June 12 cause of the participation in it by to the enjoyment of the program. We

girls. In our Mutual General Office we Conference. hope to meet you all at Session. 9:30 a. m. General

excellent of reports Special prehave on file many begin Stake soon after Conventions sentation, "Leadership."

10:30 a. m. Special Group Sessions. Topic, assistance given to the Relief Society the Conference and every ward should

"Better Teaching."Four by our Gleaners, Juniors, and BeeHive be represented at these conventions.

groups to include AdultGirls, in the way of quilts, layettes, and Again we hope to see you.

Senior, M MenGleaner, Exchildren's clothing. We have been Now, after the winter's study, comes

plorerJunior, ScoutBee-Hive. especially happy to note the fine spirit a period during the summer, for social

Sessions. 2:00 p. m. Department Eleven this in girls done; the which work was to rest time from study activity—a as follows: Groups Exechelp; delighted to were of some them class the with for group a time and utives, Era, Improvement little the messages wrote to accompany for in leader, reading class the preparaActivity, Adult, Community

this fine clothes. For baby for classes. work the Fall we tion But do we Senior, Gleaner, Men, Ex- M grateful are encourage and our memthat kept urge the together group be plorer, Junior, BeeHive,

Scout. bers to continue their good efforts durin a social way during the summer

5:00 p. m. M MenGleaner Banquet. ing the coming summer. with an occasional party or outing.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1937

Smou

Dr. L. L. Daines and Charlotte Stewart, Chairmen:

H. R. Merrill, Lucy W. Smith, Hazel Brockbank,

Vida F. Clawson, Polly R. Hardy, Dr. George H.

Hansen.

Tt is now blossom time and the winter's work is pretty much behind us but there is the summer ahead! Plans

are now being laid for the best summer the M. I. A. and especially the Senior

groups have ever had.

If we could just get a point of view on summer activity, it would prove to be interesting and entertaining as well as socially very helpful. Unfortunately, however, when a program of

activity is even suggested, those who are to carry it out feel something has been or is being thrust upon them.

Outings and pilgrimages which should be filled with sheer joy, drop their spontaneity.

Some activities for June conference are being planned to aid in presenting a proper point of view. Many wards

have carried out suggested programs to their own great delight and profit. It

is the hope of the committee that all of the Senior groups may take suggestions from the general committee merely as suggestions and then build their own program in the way they would like to carry it through. The

main hope of the general board committee is that each group will have some program if not the one suggested.

Once again we should like to urge the importance of having representation at June conference if possible. Even

the wards will gain by being represented and the stakes surely cannot go forward well with the work if they do not have some one in Salt Lake City to hear the program and become fired withWea zealare stillto carryopen ittoout.suggestions. If

any stake or ward worker has an idea that might be valuable as a part of the program the Committee will be more than happy to receive it, as stated in the April Eva.

Dr. Burton K. Farnsworth, Chairman; Ployed G.

Eyre, Dr. F. S. Harris. Homer C. Warner, Werner Kiepe, Frank W. McGhie, Dr. Wayne B. Hales.

SupervisorsnPo and M Men officers '* of Stake and Ward:

This is the opportune time to foster the Master M Men movement. How

many men of your stake or ward are qualified to become M Men? How

many have you ready to join the new group by June Conference time? A

program planned now by you will do much to realize this objective.

To be a Master M Man one must:

1. Be a member in good standing in

the L. D. S. Church. Pictures taken in connection with tlie Los Anoeles Stalce Gold and Green Ball. (See April "Era,"

full for account.) 2.

presented pageant, wards all the by Choice All Land theme: and woven America around the a A Aboveof active are in Lands, dance. pageants the pictures. preceded the queen prizewinning these and shown The HaveM completedMen workthreeas anfullM yearsMan, Otherpage 24S,

or he must have filled an honorable 1. The Grand Queen and Attendants of the Los Angeles Stake Gold and Green Bail. 2. Belvedere

mission for the L. D. S. Church. Ward,Angeles LosStake,AngelesQueen Stake,and Cast,Queenrepresentingand Cast, America'srepresentingDestiny.Civil 4.WarHuntingtonPeriod. 3.ParkVermontWard, LosWard,AngelesLos

{Continued on page 318) Stake, Queen and Cast, depicting Westward Expansion.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1937

3. Must have acquired eight credits and from your Gleaner stake board

(see manual, page 192194) in M. I, A. leader and president. One of the

activities during the three years regreatest benefits which will come from ferred to in 2. These credits must be your new position, is that of learning

distributed of real cooperation. in not fewer than four the value Keep VACATION TIMEgroups. close Gleaner to your Stake Supervisor

4. He must also have the recom-—go to her for guidance and inspira11ANY BUSY Americans do not fullymendation of the ward M Man leader, tion. appreciate the value and absolute

and the approving vote of the group of For the year to come, make today need for "time off"during some part which he seeks membership. the time in which you set your aims of the year. There will come mental

5. Effective until June 1, 1938, any and today begin working toward them. and physical benefits beyond our power

person identified in an offlciat capacity First: Membership. Appoint Gleaner to comprehend if we will just vary

with the Y. M. M. I. A. shall be elicommittee to seek out every Latterday the daily routine or take a vacation.

gible to this membership provided all Saint girl of Gleaner age in your stake, Everyone should have a change and a necessary activity qualifications were and start, during the summer, to make rest from doing the same thing in the fulfilled by the applicant as an M Man, her feel necessary to the success of same way. We are living in an active

which shall be established by affidavit Gleaner work. Plan outings, in coworld and probably live twice as fast

or other satisfactory written evidence operation with your Young Women's as our fathers did. We ought to rest

certifying that the necessary work was music director, organize Gleaner chortwice as much and twice as often.

done after January 1, 1920. uses, form trousseau clubs and study It was Chauncey Depew who said

The purpose of this exception to the groups. Plan not only stake affairs "One can do a good year's work in

requirements of the Master M Men but give stake leadership for ward 11 months but never in 12 months."

membership is to provide an opporgroups. This rest in the yearly program is as

tunity for former M Men of Master Second: Establishing of Latterday much a necessity as sleep in the twenty-M Men qualifications to file their creSaint Ideals; looking forward to Temfour hour period, or daily program,

dentials of participation and to permit ple Marriage; crusading against the and the benefits as great. Scientific

for consideration of their election of liquor and smoking menace; seeking studies have shown beyond a shadow

this honor in the prescribed manner after all things in life that are lovely of a doubt that a vacation is an asset (M Men Manual, page 191). and praiseworthy and of good report. to any one. You do better work afKindly note announcements concernThird: Carrying forth the Gleaner terward.

ing our June Conference program. We Program, and making it become an inWe all need a change of scenery.

are having some special features for fluence in the lives of every girl within Of course no two people will require you at the June sessions. Also check your stake. the same type of recreation—that deon your organization for the coming Fourth: Gaining every bit of knowlpends on the type of work that is being

year's work. All officers should be edge that will help you as President, done. If one gets the most from a

installed now in order to prepare and to do your work of leadership effi- "time off"period the following should take part in the June Conference work. ciently. be the chief factors of a healthful vacation:

JUNE CONFERENCE 1. Change of occupation.

2. Sunshine and open air.

"Cor the first time there will be held at 3. Plenty of rest. June Conference a M MenGleaner 4. Congenial friends and surroundHelen you as Gleaner Girl presiings.M. Cannon,S. Williams,Rose W.Chairman;Bennett,ErmaKatieRoland,C. Jensen.Ann session;

dent of your stake have been chosen 5. Freedom from social routine.

/Congratulations to all new Gleaner as the woman delegate from your stake. Let's get out in the open this sumwill be the other mer and revitalize our energies for the Girl Stake Presidents! To you has The M Men president

come the honor of being chosen as the representative. At this conference you challenge of life during the rest of the

leader of all the Gleaner Girls of your will meet the Gleaner Girl presidents year. Almost any place you want to

stakes, and to you falls the responsifrom the 118 stakes of the Church, and choose in our western mountains canbility of leading your girls into a real the M Men presidents from the 118 be adapted to a good vacation. Here

stake unit for organized accomplishstakes, and here you will be given you will find pure water, good sanitaments. For everyone who is capable leadership instruction on making the tion, and always a splendid food

of leadership, there are easily a hunmost of your calling. There will be supply.

a Banquet Gleaner and model Men M will willing to aredred be led, who who are five canyons that yawn as they at at the held p. m. There Lion Houserally help to carry around you you and

grip you. is It 12. imperative Saturday, June program.out your

sentinel are austere, rocks There that in for reservation send your you following, are or worth you You operas pictures unsung, are and this 15. There later not than banquet May elected as not Gleaner been havewould unhung. first It will cents a plate. be 60 The that factPresident. in the pride Take

silences hear. to made And reservations received be taken can 300 girls are of that an example,you and

of, care presidents, only and Men M will ageGleaner undoubtedly watch interestlong, not plan some Why are Girl presidents enGleaner and living. followyou, your manner of and ing hikes during the coming summer titled this attend. to miss Don't June is the conof Enthusiasm most one period? vacation are mountains The inthe will Conference!!! need You things in thetagious world. the Learn calling, inviting the to adventurous spiration, instruction the which and you it in of others. with workingpower investigate further the discover and will 11, receive, 13, 12, 14, on and June it is that to impossible teachBecause secrets solitudes. of farreaching

this great to carry job of help you learn your not does one know,which restless, venturesome, you Come, you into stake. leadership your youth inprogram, plan adyour and work thrillseeking great of the you youth

it is for you, now, GleanRemember the thatvance, always remembering unrivaled west, the are waitmountains the way!!! er lead to Presidents, Girl girls participating, the have youmore ing for you.

greater success you will have. In You might want to tramp alone.

other words, don't try to do everything This provides a fine opportunity to take yourself; give just as many as possible stock of ourselves and the world. "A

the benefit and the joy of participation solitude,"said Walter Savage Landor, and accomplishment. Be open to sug- "is the audience chamber of God."

gestions both from your Gleaner Girls The brain will never work so well as

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1937

when you are swinging along the high road or through the virgin solitudes of the mountain retreat. It will serve as

a tonic to the soul, the outlook on life can't help but be broadened and enriched. Try the experience.

Or take along a companion, under the right conditions, especially with the right association, you will add to the experience; perhaps enjoy it much

more. It is a splendid way to test a

friendship. You will reveal to each

other the unknowns, the secret recesses of the inner soul. It is a fine way to

become acquainted. Fact of the matter is, if you really want to find out

about a man, (or a girl) go out for a long tramp. Long conversations will

naturally take place. You will talk

of everything under the sun, but especially of yourself. Be sure to be a

good listener; you will see your companion in a new light—-the true one.

Along the road or the trail many things will be revealed, the strong and the weak points of character will show up.

Let's go to the mountains.

TO M MEN AND GLEANER LEADERS 'T'o Stake Leaders. Your Mutual

year is drawing to a close, and may we as General Board committees express our appreciation to each of you for the splendid leadership which you have given to the youth of the Church.

Through you, the plans and programs have become a real influence in the lives of young people, and we sincerely trust that your greatest compensations have been watching the growth in your various groups. With summer approaching, we urge that you inspire

your ward leaders to keep close to their classes, to keep them organized and active.

It is imperative that a representative of the Gleaner and M Men Department be in attendance at June Conference, to attend the meetings on membership, leadership, and M MenGlean- er work. We urge that every stake

leaderWe bealsoin urgeattendance.that your Stake M

Men and Gleaner Girl president attend the June Conference. Will you assume

the responsibility of seeing that they send in their reservations for the banquet immediately? There will be no

adults at this banquet, and we are desirous every stake in the Church, preferably the M Men President and the Gleaner President. You, with

these M Men and Gleaner Girl presidents will be at the Youth Conference.

We are waiting to welcome you on

June 11 in Salt Lake, when we can meet you, face to face, and verbally express our heartfelt appreciation for your splendid part in this great M. I. A.

program.

1. Provo First Ward, Utah Stake, Queen and Attendants of Gold and Green Ball. 2. Southern States.

Missionaries District Carolina Fort and Saints where to a pilgrimage Sumter made who

Civil the at out. 3. and Stake Attendants Logan Gold JosephMission—SouthSmith prophesied Queen War would break

and Green Ball. 4. Queen and Attendants of Sixth Annual Gold and Green Ball held in Masonic Temple

Roof Garden, Tacoma, Washington. 5. Queens of the Five Wards of Twin Falls Stake in Historic Costume.

6. Cedar First Ward, Parowan Stake, cast for The Pampered Darling, directed by Mrs. George Blackett.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1937

EXPLORER AND JUNIOR ACTIVITY

John D. Giles, Chairman; Elmer Christensen.

JUNE Conference will mark an important milestone for Explorers of the

Church. For several months new plans,

projects, expeditions and explorations have been under consideration. These

are all to be completed in time for

June Conference and will form the principal features of the program.

Demonstrations, charts, graphs and discussions are to be used to launch this big new program for Explorers.

Every Explorer Commissioner, District

Committeeman, Ward Leader, or Troop Committeeman who can find it convenient to participate in the launching of these important movements will find it very much worthwhile.

The new organization plan, which supplies a new relationship with Aaronic Priesthood leaders will be formally inaugurated at the Conference.

Explorer Commissioners and Leaders are urged at this time to complete plans for the summer program. In

accordance with Local Council plans the special outdoor features of the program up to September 1, should be definitely planned. The summer season should be the most enjoyable and

active part of the Explorer program.

Expeditions and Explorations, camping, hikes, both short and overnight, and other activities should be promoted vigorously. Advance planning is one

of the secrets of success.

Marba C. Josephson, Chairman; Martha G. Smith,

Emily H. Higgs, Catherine Folsom, Sarah R.Cannon. fMfUOU

SUMMER ACTIVITY Cpring has crept up on us—and sum-

* mer will soon be here. Junior

Girls'Fiesta, Explorer ScoutJunior Liberty First Stake held Friday, Top: March Ward 12, 1937, rightleaders think must about now

Hall, Recreationtheir during the months. groups summer in First Center: Explorer uniformed Salt Troop Stake. Liberty completely Lake Ward,

Explorers'Bali Second Stake, Annual Ward, Saturday, of 20th Council—31stheld Ogden March leadBottom: that the 1937. 20, hope sameOf course, we

ers will feel the need and the desire to remain with their groups and carry The three recommended books are; With this program in mind, the

them into a wholesome activity season Larry, the reading course book for the leaders who are right now carrying which will bring more joy to the Junior current year; North to the Orient, the forward the work will have a chance

Girls. selected book for next season's readto plan the summer season to create

As suggested activities, the Junior ing; and Invincible Louisa, a book to a feeling of interest among the girls

Committee would like to recommend be discussed somewhat in one of the in carrying on. During the summer

particularly that the Hobby Sampler next season's lessons. Other books or season when so many activities cease,

course be projected into the summer stories might profitably be introduced we Mutual people must be doubly program. Those hobbies which have into the activities. My Story might vigilant to hold our girls by giving them

proved popular could be taken at form the basis of several nights'acplenty of fun in a wholesome way.

greater length during the summer; if tivities.

alliedother hobbies have suggested feels Junior Committee The that JUNE CONFERENCE PLANS asthemselves an outgrowth social activity needs to be introof the more

Sampler, those might be stressed and duced into this age group. In order to "TOURING this June Conference, the

developed. make a beginning, both the Explorer - committee would like particularly

The committee also should like to and the Junior Committees wish to to have the leaders in the field consuggest that while the girls are sewing, recommend that there be at least one tribute to the discussions. We know

knitting, or crocheting, there be at least ExplorerJunior party held during the that many of you who are right on the three books discussed or reviewed. summer months. firing line have had experiences which

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1937

will be invaluable to other Junior leaders. Perhaps you have some questions that you should like to throw to

the group for discussion and for solution. From now until June Conference

we should like to ask you to list questions, unusual accomplishments, suggestions for strengthening the Junior department. Send the lists to the

Junior Department, c/o Young Women's Mutual Improvement Association, 34 North Main, Salt Lake City, Utah.

D. E. Hammond. Chairman; Philo T. Farnsworth,

CeoUTSthe "outing"and scoutersin "scouting".must notInterestforget

should now be high in preparation for that long anticipated summer camping experience. Whether it be for the

Jamboree, the summer camp, or for a series of hikes makes little difference, plans should be well under way. National and local council requirements

should be checked, equipment brought up to the minute, and all hazards and necessities foreseen and provided for in order to insure health and safety, comfort, and wholesome activity.

Opportunities of the month to practice the scout law should not be overlooked. May 9 is Mother's Day.

Methods of showing appreciation for home and mother should be emphasized. May 30 is Memorial Day. Each

troop should do something to contribute toward its observance. Something done, fittingly and appropriate to

the day and the occasion, cannot help make better boys of our scouts.

The month of May sees the close of school for many of our scouts. Too

often scouters close the year's scouting activities with the close of school and the opening of Summer Mutual.

The vacation period with its many hours of leisure is a hazard indeed if not properly spent. What could be

more interesting and profitable to the boys of any troop than a full summer's program of varied activity?

Many a golden opportunity is lost by scouters in real character building and scout achievement by failing to use to the fullest extent the school and mutual vacation period. Scouting is

a year around program. It is our duty

to use it as such. During the summer

months, when its application is easiest and most interesting, it can be made a vital factor in the life of each boy.

1. Alpine Stake Gold and Green Ball. 2. Present

and Former Bishops of Lake Shore Ward, Palmyra Stake, all still living. 3. "Ninety year span,"submitted by

the Work Director of Alton, Utah, William M. Cox,

wtio reports the great success of his district in the

Church Security Proaram. 4. Queen and Attendants of

Gold and Green Ball held in Georgetown Ward, Montpelier and M Men dance held in the Stake Tabernacle. S. which in colors is painted the world, situated at SilkeStake. 5 and 6. Hall Decorations for the Carbon Malad Stake Gleaner and M Men Banquet. 9. Probably borg, Denmark. 10. Queen and Attendants of Pocatello

Stake Gold and Green Ball. 7. Malad Stake Gleaner the largest globe in the world, a circular gas tank on Third Ward Gold and Green Ball.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1937

trip with an Art Institute to fill Cells obedience, of citizenship, of respect so 452, be 453, and 457 would much spiritual for authority, our and relike fun. 'In Health would you how to ligious of our ideas even ideals and

fill Cells 320, 338? 323, 308, 295, integrity of In speech. the the Upon S. Thomas. Anderson, Chairman;Ethel C. Marie Public Service and 773 recommend we

Baxter,Julia S. Bertha life Wells, Margaret K. rests N. of the future promise home fine for the 775; Cell 777 be would Knowlton.Tingey, Ileen S. Agnes Waspe,

itself. exist Society withcannot fill. offers lore Indian to some Swarm

JUNE CONFERENCE handcraft,interesting study.stories, Usesongswithandit games.Indian outstone,the thebackgroundbond betweenof the generahearth-

AreConference?you planningWetohopeattendyou Juneare, Visitand learnan orchardwhat hewithhasa tohorticulturistoffer you. tions.plexitiesAndare sothreateningwhile today'sthe comvery

for we have many helpful surprise sugIdentify and study the trees found foundations of the home, it is an gestions which we are sure you will be there. institution of stout fibre, able to deIs there something durcan you do directly toable carry your ward feat dangers. changes such These

in ing to assist the the Church summer activities. are stakeand emphaWeinto viless instead of the making home Security BeeHive program? InManysizing the music, drama. dance, and

tal necmerely have it more made girls last articles of summer made in thestructions given will Beebe new

Hive dances. Have you problems reclothing, helped pick and can fruit and essary to a wellbalanced system

garding any phases of the BeeHive vegetables, etc. Ask your Mutual and of life.

program you would like discussed? If Relief Society Presidents for some proWhat we now need overwhelmso, please send your questions to the ject for your Swarm during the summer ingly and urgently, as our Puritan

General Office by May 20th, as we exto assist with the Security program. forefathers needed religious freeat of service the and be same to feature a question You can ourpect box in of the as nations dom, need Europe

fill time earn Cells Badges, and conference, at Honor meeting anddepartment air, ideal space, is the as lungs our in Fields. the various BeeLines questions like the to give make dueshould

consideration before that time. We For additional suggestions see BeeHive of an American home and Amerialso expect to give some fine help for Notes in the May Eta. 1936. can houses built upon that idea. The

summer activities. present challenge to all is how to

enjoy the modern conveniences of still maintain the spiritIN THE GOOD OLD HOUSES OR HOMES our age and

SUMMER TIME {Concluded from page 284) of the home and those necessary family ideals and cultures. For be

inly the of B,va issues of those absorbed elements past two we theTn it all us, of Steas impressed upon* attention to the called social dustrial culture your have which and truly said, so has S. phen "A Wise that in opportunities BeeHivejoyous essential security to national are

is its are. nation homes what With BeeHive of part every ashould be well being. and

it it falls, rises can these and and this of periodgirl's experience during the our other hand, under On its rise level of higher the than no E,ta that these year.the hope We social order, present everchanging

life."assistance to of younotes been home have

in bringing your winter activities to a children are being allowed to grow happy closing and in planning the up without any sense of a backSwarm activities for summer. If there ground behind them, or of a code Remembering Colonia

future. for the plan They reorganization, be anymust now is or are Diaz shifted to about to house from housethe time it before June Conferdo

ence. and school to school, and often shift- {Continued [ram page 300)

to planning meet are hope you family. to as well family ed from We years. the Mexican stood had A all girls sumonce a yourwith week long Prayers drophave been ago the built walls onto two had more activity. in outof-doormer some little is there scheme; the from The ped that of house our standing remained homes your and lawns ownChurch family, duty, honor, of mention living in old bareit. His traand was well places, aswill meeting be happy

as the numerous other places, such as dition. Too many parents are confooted mujer gave us a drink from

parks, fields, canyons, etc. centrating on outside interests and our own well. How could she know

In your activities keep in mind Cell giving to the home and family only why mother's eyes were wet!

Filling, BeeLine Making and the earn- a kindly, absentminded attention. For an hour we walked about the

ing of Honor Badges. Your Swarms A condition which undoubtedly old town. Parley Johnson's brick

can have a delightful time working on gave rise to the following recent house walls were still intact, and the their applyingtheir and definition great of a Combs Honey educator—"A story house old two Rheuder Von designs. in attractive Beesymbols is littleused that building a home still else standing. Everything was of deal great girls taken a haveHive lot usually stands the with same on location. only recognizable by was their symbols in onpleasure working garage."probExaggerated place, Chas. Merril's Din Aunt either a completingquilt blocks, for providing food theably-—but Johnson's, Whiting's, Elmer Kim girl one. quilt making or eachSwarm

in particularly light of thought, the Earl's, Annie Lemon's, Aunt John field Nature of Outof-doors In the criminal alarmingly increasing our Donaldson's, Tenny's, Mart cells Signals, Sam and WeatherWonders, 598 and 603 might be different. The population, which according to Sander's, and others. How those

divisions of Hiking, Camping, Living available data is made up largely names will strike to the hearts of

Creatures will afford interesting acof a comparatively youthful elethe hundreds who read this who tivity. While doing your handcraft, ment. knew Colonia Diaz!

why not fill some cells in the Field of 'T'he home has always been a basic But it was a long way back to 16, 15, 13, 14, Cells 10, 12,Religion? institution. hisIt is older than to find a Columbus, and had we splendid. are62, 63, 65, 72 Under

tory. different through the road: out It has come one down of La filled such be care number aChild mayas tending children. It is a good time the countless changes of the ages, Ascencion, if possible. We had no

to learn to launder your own summer always meeting the fundamental time to look further for home sites dresses. Fill cells 154, 155, and 159—needs of humanity. From it have of friends who would be glad to

in Home, Cells 170, 173, and 186. A been derived our basic ideas of ( Concluded on page 33 1

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1937

HIGHLIGHTS OF THE 107th ANNUAL CONFERENCE {Concluded from page 291) Rockford, Aurora, Batavia and Milwaukee Wards Disorganized wards and branches in the (South Side) Branches. Ivins Ward, Idaho Stake, disorganized

stakes of Zion; also, 34 misNew Stake Presidents Appointed and annexed to Bancroft ward.

(including the Eurosions.. presappointed Matheson Belvedere dorganizeda,!'L}IT withtTZ\ltrl.'Lr]Aand merged mission Mission) 933 pean. j Stake. j Chicago

districts. Ward. branches, and 219 opresappointedr,-!to dR. \x/;UfoWightman \\T,,AWayland disconStake Palisade Teton Ward to the of ident Lee succeed Stake Nebo Membership Church '..

Stks..,, disorStake, Glen Union Ward, Mt -Jy-p, of,,, president Fletcher,, appointed HarveyMissions fj{f2153.488. transferred to La Grande

. to the succeed G. rred Stake—New York \-rj'''

Total 760,690 Taylor.

president Merrill Leslie appointed V. Growth Church Disorganized Branches

K. to the Franklin succeed Stake Walter, of i

dis-, otake,o, entered tBranch, blessed PenroseChildren,,,,,,,, and Big?tHorn (deceased) Barton

, transferred the of records and to Byron Ward. on the of organized nold president appointed D. Miller

Church in the stakes and e North Davis Stake to succeed Pres. Rjdgedale Branch. Malad Stake, conmissions 20.499 Henry H. Blood. solidated with Wheatland Branch.

in the baptizedChildren appointed "Elmer'Williams Joseph missions presChurch,, Leadersr stakes and, nriLWho Havery Diedr- j 14,034 jt of the Blackfoot to succeed Stake

Converts baptized in the pj.es, James Duckworth. Apostle Alonzo A. Hinckley.

stakes 7,081 missions and missionlong-term ofNumber ''Vetv rrrWardsj,->Urgamzedj Temple.Pes. Wm. A. Noble, president of Logan

aries from Zion, December Melba Ward, Boise Stake, organized pres. Walter K. Barton. Franklin Stake

31. 1936 1,813 from independent branch. president.

Number of shortterm misNyssa Ward, Boise Stake, organized Henry W. Pippert, Sacramento ''Stake

sionaries from Zion, Defrom independent branch. Clerk.

cember 31, 1936 30 Logan Square Ward, Chicago Stake, Heber B. Smith, Cottonwood Stake

Number of local missionaries.. 97 formerly branch in Northern States Mission, Clerk.

Milwaukee Ward, Chicago Stake, formBishop John E. Fowler of Ogden First

Total number of missionerly branch in Northern States Mission. Ward, Weber Stake.

aries in the missions of North Shore Ward, Chicago Stake. Edward P. Kimball, Tabernacle organist;

the Church 1,940 formerly in Northern States mission. chorister, organist, and official guide at

Number engaged in missionUniversity Ward, Chicago Stake, formWashington, D. C, L. D. S. Chapel,

ary work in the stakes 1,649 erly branch in Northern States Mission. George M. Cannon Sr., member of GenKelly Ward, Idaho Stake, organized from eral Board of Deseret Sunday School

TOTAL MISSIONARIES 3,589 an independent branch. Union.

Number of missionaries who Long Beach East Ward, Long Beach Lillie T. Freeze, former member Primary

received training at the Stake, created by the division of the Long General Board.

Missionary Home 823 Beach Ward. Hazel Hill Greenwood, former member

Persons recommended to the Eastmont Ward. Los Angeles Stake. General Board Relief Society.

temples from the stakes 84,104 created by the division of Belvedere Ward. Luella Ferrin Sharp, leader in Church

''o. f orarwricsC(t-- j.Rupert1Thirdj divisionWard. Minidokaof Rupert Stake,First musicalElla Hirteorganizations.Stoof, wife of former South

Birth rate, 30.6 per thousand. Ward. American Mission president. Reinhold

Marriage rate, 17.8 per thousand. Pioche Ward. Moapa Stake, organized Stoof.

Death rate, 7.2 per thousand. from independent branch. Harden Bennion, former member of Salt

Families owning their own homes. 59.7%. Ruth Ward, Nevada Stake, organized Lake Stake Presidency.

branch. independent Officers, Stake, in Church Changes Ward. f'*J?

,d'Oakland Stake, organ- T-ThE nPRESIDENT }i Organizations Since Last and Branch

Ocfofeer Con/erence—i937 from independent branch. HURING the closing minutes of the

New Mission Presidents division of Alhambra Ward. last session of the conference,

Hilton A. Robertson has been appointed San Fernando Ward, Pasadena Stake, and following an address by Elder

the president of Mission, Japanese new branch. with organized independent from Albert President Grant E Bowen at headquarters Honolulu. Stake, Ward, Pomona San Bernardino r,cas roilOWS.fl/rvx.c otirrinf-.!commencea L. presappointed Thomas Woodbury branch. organized independent from

lifetime. his ident President of the During Joseph F. Tahitian Mission to succeed ".. Independent.,, Branches Organized chose of. Smith twelve Mallory. to be Apostles Pres. LeRoy men

Preston Nibley appointed president of Cody Branch, Big Horn Stake, organized the Lord, and I believe he never made a the Northwestern States Mission to succeed at Cody. Wyoming, with about 30 members mistake. Though it may sound egotistical,

Pres. Joseph Quinney, Jr. taken from Cowley Ward. I am sure that I have never made a mistake

Elray L. Christiansen appointed president Homedale Branch, Boise Stake, was in such a choice, because it is by the Spirit

of the Texas Mission to succeed Pres. James formerly dependent branch of Caldwell of God that such choices are made.

Branch. Peterson. M.

Aurora Branch, Chicago Stake, formerly Subsequento i to the adjournment of William W. Seegmiller appointed president of the Western States Mission to branch in Northern States Mission. conference for six months. President

formerly Stake, Branch, Chicago succeed Pres. Daynes. J. Qj, satisfaction his expressed \f}

, Mission. States Northern n... in President JosephTemple proceedings,j saying: -i,l1the New., Chiwith Side) Branch, (South Milwaukee

Pres. Joseph Quinney, Jr., appointed to cago Stake, formerly branch in Northern It is flftyflve years and onehalf since

preside over Logan Temple to succeed States Mission. I became one of the Apostles. The ConPres. William A. Noble (deceased). Racine Branch, Chicago Stake, formerly ference just closed was better attended than

NewCommittee—ChurchMembers AppointedSecurityto General branchRockfordin NorthernBranch, StatesChicagoMission.Stake, formanyTheformerspiritualConferencevalue ofin mythe memory.Conference..

Program erly branch in Northern States Mission. was as satisfactory, if not more so, than

William E. Ryberg. Redlands Branch, San Bernardino Stake, any since I became President. There also

Robert L. Judd. created by a division of the San Bernardino were reports of substantial increases in

Marvin O. Ashton, Ward. tithes which show the present status of

New Stake Organized San Rafael Branch, San Francisco Stake, the Church....

Chicago Stake created in the Northern created by a division of Bay Branch. I don't think the people have ever been

States Mission. The new stake is comThe name of Bay Branch has been more united, either the Authorities of the

posed of Logan Square, University, North changed to Santa Rosa Branch, San FranChurch or the people as a whole, than they

Shore and Milwaukee Wards and Racine, cisco Stake. are now....

Joseph Smith as a Translator forth the practice of the system in of Arts and Sciences and Professor of (R. C. Webb, DeseretNews Press) Ohio and Missouri. Dr. Allen's book Economics in the University of Maine.

continues this first study by considering He is a member of many learned soJOSEPH Smith, the Prophet, claimed the later practice of the United Order cieties.

Egyptian translated ancient to have soand economic this day when writings, of as in the Book this is running high, Mormon inbookUtah.showsThepainstakinghistorical study.part of Itthisis ciologicalIn thought

this of In theand Abraham. Book history to the contribution notable a interest. of unique should prove book candid hasvolume, a made Mr. Webb will the of be Order, United which it read could the of Church Members

in of claims theseexamination all to future the useful of the students subIt profit nation the profit. with would

light best available the of knowledge ject. inaccuracies have minor Some if circulated. widely it were

Littleof the day. present known was in, are to crept of most due which Saints are convinced Latterday The inof of the days Joseph Egyptology practical than rather knowlacademic as the United the that system known ago. yearsSmith, hundred one Much subject. example, of an the edge As ultimate ecoto points the Order way this since. learnedhas been With is miscalled persistently Kirkre- Kirtland social contentment. safety nomic and the his atcent command knowledge land. has the writer Evidently, had A. W.—/. Smith's testedauthor work has Joseph records, to important access many

as a translator. The discussion, coverthough he has failed to reach the seving fifteen chapters, is threefold: What eral existing official records kept by AE's Letters to Minanlabain

is Reformed Egyptian? (The lanunits of the Order. ( With an introduction by Lucy

guage of the Book of Mormon): the Kingsley, Porter Macmillan Comthe causes behind of the The analysis in the from names andevidence words pany, New York, 1937, 102 pages.) the origin, of suspension conduct, and evidences the andBook of Mormon;

from the Book of Abraham. TemOrder is marred occasionally by the nTo those who love the poetry of this

perately, but searchingly, modern author's necessarily limited understand- * Irish painter, essayist, and Irish scholarship is applied to these probing of Mormon theology and practice. patriot, AE's Letters to Minanlabain,

lems. Steadily, from chapter to chapHowever, the attempt to make a fair the postoffice seven miles away from

ter, the conviction is forced upon the and unbiased study of the subject is the Kingsley Porters'home, will serve easily slips are the few and affection. intensify indeed evident; to as hereader, that that Smith was Joseph AE

should forgiven. be book The welis is really literature ancient translator Egyptian in ofa correct George known

writings. Since the Prophet was at comed by all who have an interest in William Russell, whose background he

that time unlearned in Egyptian or any this important subject. creates by his mention of the many

other foreign language, ancient or Dr. Edward Jones Allen was born people whom he knew and loved, by

modern, the conclusion is inevitable: in Colorado in 1898. He graduated his discussions of political situations

Joseph Smith translated ancient writfrom Colorado University in 1921; both at home in his own Ireland and

ings with some extraordinary aid, in from Columbia University in 1923 abroad, by his exposition of his manner his own words through "the gift and (A.M.) and 1936 (Ph.D.), in the soof writing.

power of God."This book, scholarly, cial science field. He has taught in His delightful whimsey once tasted is

temperate, and unbiased, is a notable Colorado, Idaho, and New York. In never to be forgotten. Listen to this:

contribution to the literature of MorNew York City he served Columbia "The skies wept as if their heart was monism. University, College of the City of broken and then they went on sniffling

A most interesting and convincing New York, Cooper Union, and the like a child who has cried its utmost chapter is entitled "The Meaning of American Institute of Banking. For and goes on softly weeping for mothe Name Mormon,"in which the Proseveral years he was Director of Seth mentum's sake.""That is merely one

phet's definition of the word as "more Low Junior College of Columbia Unisample of a book replete with his fascigood,"is confirmed. versity and is now Dean of the College nating style.

R. C. Webb is already wellknown The book is more than a collection

to the Latterday Saints through his of letters; it is an introduction to a

two excellent books. The Real Morgreat, genial mind and an indomitable

monism, and The Case Against Mor spirit.—M. C. /.

monism. should Translator as Smith a Joseph Technique of The New

It is in the Church. readbe widely Screen Writing

worthy of patient careful—/.reading.A. W. (Tamar Lane, McGrawHill Book Company, New York, pp.

The Second United Order 342; $3.00.

Among the Mormons 'T'his book is one which every person (Edward J. Allen, Ph.D., The who hopes to break into the movies

Columbia University Press.) with a story of any kind, might well

RORMONISM has long been an enticpossess.

"'*- ing field to the learned class. Many In addition to the guide to screen

masters'and doctors'theses, in numerwriting, it contains an original screen ous universities, deal with phases of play, with treatment or adaptation, and

Mormon doctrine, history, and achievedetailed shooting continuity.

ment. A decade or two ago Columbia I can recommend it without reserUniversity accepted a thesis (by Josvation.- Professor Harrison R. Mereph A. Geddes) upon The United Orrill, Director of the Extension Division

der Among the Mormons, which set ol the B. Y. U.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1937

-n rf%ffl??;cy:??iC?'ft'H?f;y PEACE OVER CAMP

(Continued fcom page 285) face and then turned her head. She "Yes. That is why I cannot go

plunged desperately. back."

"Who asked to go to Nauvoo? "I am going back. With you if

In St. Louis we would not be known possible, without you if I must. I

and you could get work at the am going where I can have a roof wharves."over my head when my baby

As the actuality of the request comes."

forced itself through the man's beThe man's face lightened. "I can

wilderment, he sprang to his feet. build a house here. It would be

He spoke harshly. hard to stay when others go on in

ask me that? To the spring but I will do it. Berg can "You—you

leave our people, my company? You {Continued on page 328)

ask me to be a traitor, a coward?"

too, had risen and was now OWN A BOYD PARK She,

DIAMOND monthsfacing himwhatdefiantly.could it hurt?"For a I fewam

finer, bluer, more brilliant... and not asking you, I am demanding it."

desirable, because i more the pleading "Breta,"was man

Park. from And it itcostscomesno Boyd I lay now. would know down "You Elumbing more.

life can't but ask you for you me my 1/2 Carat $100 to do that."Fixtures for

"You promised and,"she added a

Vs Carat....- $135 little bitterly, "you are a man of Institutions..,

Smaller sizes for as little as $35. your word, Helmer Helmerson."

Diamondset wedding rings to match. setARE A A HESITATION was

tling face. over Helmer's His hands

Convenient Credit, of Course.

his side. helplessly at hung He faced the girl as if he had never seen SPECIAL

her before. shawl her She drew PROBLEM BOYD PARX close face eyes and about her her JEWELERS

166 MAIN STREET SALT LAKE CITY narroAved.

Hn14aB-0H4>-H<)<<><>-f}i<>-l "You are a man of your word."A problem which Crane has

completely solved in designing

instituDEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION CranEquipment for {Concluded from page 315) tional use. Here you will find

ards, by his grandson, Dr. Franklin L. In life President Richards enjoyed the extra durability, the low

West. the love and confidence of all the leadFrom his baptism into the Church ers of the Church from the Prophet upkeep cost—that institutional

received in death he Christ of Latterday down; and Saints at Josephof Jesus

grateful use demands. Here you will find of the wellearned Massachusetts,his a in Richmond, homage home

June 3, 1838, at the age of seventeen, people from the lips and pen of Presisanitary safety and freedom from to the day of his death, December 9, dent George Q. Cannon, Edward W.

1899, aged 78 years, the life story of TuUidge, Apostle Orson F. Whitney, contamination. For every use,

Franklin D. Richards, as told by Dr. and countless other leaders of the

V/est reflects beautifully the great Church and friends. Tributes from the at every price level, CranEquip-

"Mormon"movement to which he gave three men named are guoted by Dr. ment gives you VALUE backedunwavering allegiance and distinguishWest after which he says:

ed service through sixtyone years of "These glowing eulogies, by three by Crane's 82 years of manufacbis life, more than fifty of which were of Utah's most distinguished writers, spent in the vanguard of this army of are not only beautiful, they are absoturing experience. CranEquip

modern Israel as an Apostle of the lutely true—every word."And who for complete satisfaction in inLord Jesus Christ. can doubt it? Certainly none who read

Convert, missionary, first President this book. Well may the author take stitutional plumbing fixtures.

of the combined European missions, pride in such a matchless subject so pioneer, legislator, soldier, jurist, ediworthily portrayed.

tor, historian. President of The Twelve Quotations might be given from the

and "Visible Head of The Church,"book at length; but that would onlyduring the stormy days of the "Unbe to cheat the reader, who, -to enjoy iCRANCRANE CO., GENERAL OFFICES:El\

this for crusader valiantderground,"ILL. S. 836 CHICAGO, AVENUE, MICHIGAN It it for himself. read must the work

all S., the righteousness shared CITY, UTAH 307 LAKE and SALTTruth W. SECOND hours. in a can be done few The book

in Offices Hundred Branches and Sales his distressed One of peosorrowsjoys and is interintensely readable very and Cities and Sixtyple. triumphantly but He modestly

esting. yourself; PIPE, it for a FITTINGS, FABRICATED real VALVES, Read life ideals his the inepitomized own

HEATING MATERIAL PUMPS, PLUMBING AND treat Welling, awaits you. Arthur left suffered, a and theyfor which

name of which posterity may well be Principal Bear River Seminary, Garproud. land, Utah.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1937

Scriptural Crossword PuzzleDreams and Dreamers Solution to April Puzzle

in "In a dream, S s E p in slumberings the upon H T a visionbed;"—-Jobof the 33:night,15. when deep sleep falleth upon men, AB NE DE N wA 6 1 D E

1 A A B p D A R 1 A F H T H E /\/\ A P 1 -P T 1 E C H A T R V

1 1 "R N T H E 'm -R T L H s E E T H E E

! 1 N o E A L M A

o S B U B H T T fe E i Vx A R -R s T E G T E A

1 T A N R T s E E u L T N H A E S E 1 1 S C H V. A-R T Y AF NO 2.7

'T'he city of Hamelin in Hanover, * Germany, is the first city in the world to rid its gas supply of poisonous carbon monoxide. By mixing the

gas as it comes from the producers with hydrogen in the presence of other substances 96 per cent of the carbon monoxide is changed to harmless, burnable methane.

For EFFICIENT Spring ACROSS

2 tells Matt. Prefix of a dream that thwarted 30 meaning "wrong"Cleaning

Herod (3 words) of 31... dreamed "a ladder set up on the

11 Nebuchadnezzar saw this in a dream earth"Gen. 28: 12

that Daniel interpreted Dan. 2 34 "God came to... the Syrian in a 12 Nebuchadnezzar's dream led him to... dream by night"Gen. 31: 24 Eennetts

an interpreter 37 "the Lord appeared to... in a dream

13 Teeth by night: and God said, Ask what I 1 4 Two shall give thee"Cleansers

16 Color 38 Cloth made from the hair of camels and

Printer's 18 is measure so 39 It

. 19 dreamed Joseph "a that his "", 40.. for good"Ps. 86: 17

also stood upright"and Short 42 graduated scale Polishes of 20 Berry Oregon of City 46 Judah Josh. 15: 21 There's one for every household

chief 22 Pharaoh's said, In 26 across Old my 47 Testament book need.

dream, behold, a... before was 48 Beam

rae"Gen. 40: 9 49 Descendant of Joseph Num. 26: 36 Look for this mark

26 He worked for 29 across 50 New England state 29 "And.. said unto Joseph, In my 51 Father of Saul Acts 13: 21

dream, behold, I stood upon the bank of the river"Gen. 41: 17

DOWN Matt. 27: 19 tells us that this woman 24 Christ healed a widow's son here Luke

"suffered many things this day in a 7: 1115

dream"(3 words) 25 Goddess of dawn (Gr. Myth.) Manufactured and sold by

Mohammedan priests 27 Russian river in River Austria distorted 28 Appear BENNETT PAINT GLASS CO. &

the "As "... partridge sitteth on..."Jer. dreamed 31 a dream, he told it and 6165 St. South W. First

17: 11 to his brethren"Gen. 37: 5

Netting 32 Pharaoh's second dream was about good And Dealers Throughout the "his heart died within him, and he beand bad... Gen. 41 Intermountain Country

came as a stone"1 Sam. 25: 37 33 The north wind

Since 7 of Joseph: 35 Said "But his bow... in sliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiini iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiriiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiilii! Selfreproach 8 strength"Gen. 49: 24

.. emperor 9 Roman chief the "hanged I 36 had OFFERWE Pieces 10 out interpreted"40:.:22as Joseph Gen. 1 A COMPLETE ENGRAVING I 15.. first "But... ye will not make known unto dream 37 Pharaoh's about. was

me the dream, there is but one decree good kine eaten by poor ones I SERVICE I portraits 5 Missionary to From the largest = 2: for you"Dan. 9 41 Epoch

= = catalogues. shall after arise seven... them 17 "there Right hand 43 = Mail Orders Attention. Given Prompt i

41: of famine"Gen. 30 Benjamite 1 Chron. 7: 7 44 A

i I CO. UTAH ENGRAVING E-gs 21 45 Means of transportation

Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah | I 113 Feminine proper name 23

SimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiiiih

Exploring the Universe By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

'T'oNES of different pitch can be diswandered off to the walls and fell to "Dadio balloons are the latest aids to "tinguished because they affect difthe bottom. getting weather facts. Several sets

ferent parts of the base membrane has of scientists are developing and imbeen proved in experiments at Harvard Come butterflies can scent one anproving a small apparatus which will be

University. One of the scientists, Dr. 'other at a distance of several miles. carried up many miles by a balloon.

S. Smith Stevens, also found that the Temperature and moisture content of

human ear can act like a loud speaker npHE APPARENT distance between Lonthe air are automatically broadcast by of a radio, by converting the electric "don and Washington varies from a small radio and the signals received impulses of the radio into tunes easily day to day and year to year. On the on the ground.

recognized by the "listener."average of several years, London is 39 feet farther from Washington on A telephone cable laid between

New Year's Day than on the Fourth of Germany and Sweden is the largest

July. This is about twothirds the of its kind ever manufactured. It can

value of 63 feet which was attributed carry 84 telephone conversations at the to the moon four years ago. The sun same time.

and moon may both be responsible, but there is no satisfactory explanation of the facts, as yet. es

nPHOUGH the diamond is one of the clearest of known substances, the dust which comes from sawing it, in the cutting of diamonds, is black like leadpencil powder.

TDattlesnake steak may become a "real American delicacy. A natur-

/Chimpanzees can be taught to use alist finding that rattlesnake steak is gestures and make vocal sounds to pleasant to the taste and highly digestget aid from cinother animal in doing ible organized a canning company. ITater pipes now have a stethoscope

a task together. Reasonable in price, demand has ex- ''to be used like the familiar inceeded supply for this meat to date. strument the doctor uses on the heart.

Invented in London, this new instruCouNDbrationswavesa second,of highaboutpitch,as7000high vias '"DooTSmilesarea daygrownby atan theaveragerate ofclumptwo mentleaks inmakeswaterpossiblepipes andthe alsofindingsto deof a piano will play, have been used to of one of the western wild prairie termine which way the water is flowprevent chimney smoke and may aid grasses. When two years old, the ing.

in the problem of air pollution. Smoke plant has nearly 320 miles of roots in

isfilling a tube, when the sound was a mass of soil four feet square and -tA NEW chemical in liquid formturned on, clustered to evenly spaced seven feet deep. It took a scientist used to make fabrics fire resistant,

levels down the length of the tube, three weeks to dig out the roots, to waterproof, and resistant to mildew.

like to floor levels in a skyscraper, then wash and chart them, inch by inch. It is applied by brushing or spraying.

The Advertisers, and Where You Will Find YOUR CHANCE OF SUCCESS

Their Messages Beneficial Life Insurance Co WithCoUege

Back Cover Bennett Glass & Paint Co 326 Boyd Park 325 Brigham Young University 327 With High School

Crane Company 325 Deseret Mortuary.330 Education:

Press 334 Deseret News If you do not rest contentm with a high school education but go on through 329 Deseret News

Fuller Paint Co 331 college, your chance for success is nine times as great. A study of Who's

million school that with high out of persons reveals in America two Ghirardelli Co distinction. colattained 1245 of only with education, one million Out Grant & Co., Heber J

distinguished. highly education, successful 5768 and became—J28275 legeWho Station KSL Radio

Inside Back Cover College L. D. S. Business 332 Graduatesence, art, teachingof Brighamand Youngthe otherUniversityprofessionsare insucceedingall parts ofinthebusiness,nation. sciPanama Pacific Line 275

of 331 School Beauty Quish Sears, 273 Five Colleges 1600 Courses Co. Roebuck 6

Shell Oil Co Inside Front Cover

Sinclair 335 Oil Co UNIVERSITY BRIGHAM YOUNG 326 Engraving Utah Co PROVO. UTAH 330 UtahIdaho Sugar Co

Z. C. M. 1 333 "SCHOLARSHIP—SPIRITUALITY—CHARACTER"

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1937

PEACE OVER CAMP (Continued from page 325) take my company. I will speak to shelter Breta had been one to hold "My lad. My bonnie lad. My

a blanket about Ingrid Larsen while Walter was buried in the auld coun- "I won't have a sod house. I will she delivered her baby. Oh, it had try. I came across wi'my three

not stay here. I want to get away been heartsickening, the gradual lads. Donnie was the last."

from this terrible prairie. I want to filming of those painfilled eyes, the "The last?"

mill.go where life is safe—and comfortdesolateness of Just's sobs. Ingrid "Aye. Jock at Haun's

able."and Just were from Aalborg, too. Young Walter wi'fever in the

"You forget, my Breta, why we They had been married just before swamps. Donnie here."

are here. You forget why your setting sail. Ingrid had been so full Men, too. All the girl's doubts

father sold his fishing boat for half of faith and courage and now all and fears rushed over her with triple its worth. You forget what lies that was mortal of her lay covered force. "And you will return?"

behind."with earth beside the Mississippi "Return?"The old eyes lighted

"No,"she laughed harshly, "I am and Just had gone to the far west with sudden fire. "Return? And

forgetting none of that. I am rewith the battalion. hae their deaths for nae? I shall

membering. Even in my grave I That was what life did to women drive my wagon through. There

shall not forget the road from Nauout here. That was what they are those can ride wi'me."voo here. I have seen women—agonized when their men were bull- "But you have lost,"Breta per-

"But I shall care for you and we headed and set like Helmer. It was sisted. "Your loved ones are gone.

shall be settled in time."easy for them to be brave. For What is there left for you?"

face softened with "—and I have seen what this them there were no pains of childThe woman's

prairie has done to them. No, Helbirth; no deep glaring hole in the pity for her unreasonableness. "The

mer, I am not going on. When my earth waited greedily for them. cause is nae gone. Lassie."The old

baby is in my arms, yes. Until then, With a start the girl noticed a soul dropped her head to her knees

no. If you will not take me I shall new mound and beside it a huddled and began to rock back and forth.

go with Peder Swanson. He had figure. She remembered, then, that Breta began to run blindly.asked me—a new company had arrived the eveWhere was God that He let them

"Peder Swanson has asked you ning before. There had been a death suffer so? Vaguely there came to

that?"among them and Helmer had gone her Helmer's caution that she must

"Ya,"she answered bravely but this morning to help. She approachnot go far from Camp. They were

her heart quailed before the strength ed and laid her hand on the bent in the territory of the Potawatamies.

of his rising anger. "Last night shoulder. While they professed friendshipafter the singing he whispered—"You will freeze here, Sister."there was always a doubt. She

"I shall break Peder Swanson An old woman raised expression stopped on a gentle slope and there with my two hands."The man's less eyes to her. Their chill struck the wind found her. It blew back

voice was deadly level. He flexed Breta like a blow. For a minute she her flaxen hair and whipped her long

his hands to show their strength. "I forgot why she was here and where skirts about her limbs. It tried to

have suspected him for a coward she was going. tear her shawl from her stiff fingers

and a traitor.""You should not be out here. It but she drew it more securely.

He whirled, stepped over the is much too cold. Feel how the wind How often in the years that were

wagon tongue and turned his long comes raging from the west. It is past had she stood on the pierhead

strides toward the wagon of Peder bringing snow, too. Shall I take at Aaborg and felt the wind whipSwanson. Breta watched breathyou home?"ping her as it was now. How carelessly. No one could stand up to "Hame?"Stiff blue lips formed free life had been then. There was

Helmer Helmerson when he was the words. "Hame,"and the gentle no salt tang to this wind, no exhilaburning with anger. She had not resignation in the voice hurt the girl ration; only teeth of ice and despair.

intended going with Peder and had more poignantly than tears. "It's She ran down the slope and up

told him so but she couldn't tell Helnae hame I hae noo, Lassie. Only another that was more abrupt.

mer now. Then she remembered a wagon wi'auld Maggie there."

hearing Peder was out with the Breta pointed to the grave. "Your 1 HE GRAY afternoon was

stock. In one thing only was he husband?"closing in but the herd was not more

better than Helmer. He could palaver with the Indians and for that

reason often stood between them and the cattle. She must warn him.Turning she ran into the face of the 9nAJUM...

wind. Your registered stock and dairy herds against death from any cause.

She stopped suddenly when she found herself crossing a burial ground. A terrifying sob rose in her 9nAJUM.throat. How quickly these places Your animals while in transit to market.

grew! She threw her hands before Let us quote you rates.her eyes to shut out a vision that

had haunted her of late. HEBER J. GRANT & COMPANY

D,'URING those unforgetSalt Lake City, Utah table days after crossing the Mis20 So. Main Street

sissippi when they were all without

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1937

PEACE OVER CAMP than half a mile away hunting susbut they would let them graze on the "Potawatamies,"she cried. "Get

tenance from the hard earth. She way in. They must hurry. For the herd to camp."She could excould distinguish three horsemen, safety's sake they must get to help plain later.

herders, they were, watching that at once. As she ran she screamed The man jerked his horse up

nothing should happen to their precand waved the end of her shawl but short. "Where? How do you

ious cattle. Peder should be somethe wind tearing relentlessly past know?"

where about. Slowly she turned her flung her voice away. "Go,"she screamed. "Get them

eyes, then with plummet swiftness "He must hear me,"she sobbed. started."

dropped behind a clump of dry "He must. Make him hear me. Convinced by the urgency of her

brush. Into the little hollow she had Heavenly Father, make him hear voice the man whirled his horse

just crossed two horses were headme. then called back over his shoulder,

ing. Two horses with bareback As if in answer to her prayer the "Make for Camp, Breta. You'll be

riders. Potawatamies! She lay rider stopped short. He had caught safe away from the stock. Hurry."

motionless, the indeterminate color sight of the flying figure. He rode "Will you go?"

of her clothes blending with the gray to meet her. {Concluded on age 330)

prairie. What if they should be

coming this way? With infinite

caution she parted the brush and looked down. How strange. They

were waiting. Her thoughts shuttled back and forth. Then her eyes

widened. A horseman had riddensquarely up to them. THE DESERET NEWS

Peder. Peder Swanson, She

would have known him even withpresents out the big bay horse. Why was

he here? In a hollow where he could THEnot be seen? He was motioning,

now to the sky—to the immediate

west. Abruptly, as if she had heard Ptheir words she knew what they.. n i'adeLphia Lyrchestra

were saying. Peder, the scout, the (105 men)mediator, was selling them out.

Somehow the Indians were to help and him get the stock, get them just as winter was setting in. He had whisEUGENE ORMANDY

pered last night that he was leaving worldfamous director soon. He was too ambitious to go

empty handed; too shrewd to compromise himself openly. It was not THE SALT LAKE TABERNACLE

that ignorant of Peder was what THURSDAY, MAY 6, 1937, 8:15 P. M.such a loss would mean in Camp,

No meat. No milk for the children {RCAVictor Sponsorship, Second Transcontinental Tour)

and aged. No oxen or horses to

take the wagons either way. Oh,

no. Peder knew. TheSfokowskisame createdorchestraan whichunforgettableunder Leopoldimpres-

"It's not to be wondered Helmer sion last year.

doubted him.""A chance to enjoy an evening of unparalBut what could she do? Go to leled entertainment—great music played byCamp and report what she had seen? the world's greatest symphony orchestra."

She peered again but the PotawatMail orders now, care of "Symphony Conamies and the white man were gone. cert"Deseret News. {Enclose selfaddressed,

they meant to do their—supposeShe did not know where. Suppose stamped envelope for return of tickets.)

mischief now? The herd. She \j Prices:

sprang to her feet and went run-; Seats below balcony $1.12

ning down the slope. Arrows some- I Sides of balcony- $1.68

times caught one in the back, \ Center of balcony $2.24

Never, even in the old days at [ Center, 1st 27 rows, main

Aaborg had she run so swiftly. Days floor $2.80

and weeks on the trail had hardened, Center, next 20 rows, main her muscles and strengthened her; floor $2.24

wind. The storm was getting close. <

Helmer had been right about it. I Read the Deseret News Saturday music page for the latest news concerning this

Already the landscape. was beginepoch-making tour and other events of importance in the world of art.

ning to blur. Ahead she could see

one of the herders. Leisurely they

were turning the stock toward camp

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1937

PEACE OVER CAMP (Concluded from page 329) The rider pointed his gun up and what she had known was coming. clouding her mind came a faint

shot three times and three times The prairie had caught her just as shout; another and another. It took

again. That was to warn the men the cold swamp had Ingrid. It would too much effort to answer. Again

at camp—if they could hear above be just as relentless. The fighting the shouts. This time nearer. Putthe howHng of the wind. Breta spirit in her rose in rebellion. It ting one foot ahead of the other was

wasn't sure of it. Again the man might get her, but not until she could more important than answering. It

shot three times and then three. The no longer help herself. On and on. might have been an hour, it might

other herders had caught the warnWas this the direction? She had have been an instant when strong

ing for they were suddenly urging turned so many times. She stumarms went about her and a dear,

the cattle, trying to hurry them, but bled and fell. Slowly she struggled dear voice whispered brokenly,

there was no hurry to oxen. She to her feet. Another yard and she "Thank God. Thank God."Dimly

must help them. She ran forward fell again. This time she would she sensed men crowding about. A

and as she did so a few stinging rest for a few moments. No, no. signal that she was found.

flakes struck her face. The storm. Not against this cold earth. She was on the horse before HelShe looked back and over the top Through the fog that was rapidly mer riding back to camp and safety.

of the rise came a column of gallopShe snuggled close. Warmth from

ing forms circling wide to cut off his great vitality was creeping into the herd's retreat. Potawatamies. her veins. Close about were the

should gone have backShe to camp said.as too Demand the Sugar otherthe fear,men.theSuddenlyprairie alltheseemedfatigue,a Clem had it was Now

little unreal. They had lost theirlate., L Made from Beets

power. She had fought with them

and still lived. They hadn't conJDreta ran behind the Grown in Your

stock on. urging took them She off Community her.queredIt herwouldfor beHelmerso, always.had found at them.her shawl whipped and The

wind drove the oncoming flakes unThey rode into the shelter of the der the neck of her dress and up her wagons and instantly there were sleeves. She did not know. She arms, dozens of them it seemed,

felt only the need for haste. But reaching up to serve her. Voices,

the stock would not be hastened. in a medley of tongues, were exFrightened by the unusual urge they claiming their wonder and thankswere confused and trying to bolt in giving. In that moment the girl

all directions. The riders were glimpsed a vision of something

dashing back and forth trying deslarger than fear, the prairie, or even perately to keep them within bounds death. She saw herself, not as

and at the same time break the line Breta Helmerson, alone, fighting for of raiders. existence but as a unit in this vast

The girl was in all directions at imperishable thing. Some might

once. She heard hoofs beating befall by the wayside but it would

defeat. motiknow It was her.hind past her never arrow sang An that viconly vated by which knows quivering flank sank into theear and

of a cow. The animal dropped. Breta tory. She held her head listening.

ran to it. It was Lena Beardson's From a hut nearby came the echo

only cow. It must go on. At her of a violin, the harmony of voices

urging the animal struggled to its raised in a song of praise. And

feet and limped after the others that there was peace in camp and among were going forward again. Then HighestGrade her people, good will. Helmer lowabove the increasing violence of the ered her into her father's waiting

storm she heard a volley of shots, Granulated arms.

the whoops of Indians. The men

from camp had come. Quick Dissolving

Breta dropped back suddenly, conscious that she was terribly tired. and

Her legs all at once seemed paraPESERET MORTUAKT lyzed. The herd was going ahead.They were gaining on her. They Powdered Sugars Service Above All

were out of sight behind a tearing, driving curtain of storm. Slowly

with stiff fingers she shook the snow from her wrap and pulled it about her shoulders. Blindly she went on. Manufactured by

Out of the howling of the wind, the singing of the flakes, swooped a UtahIdaho Sugar Co.grim fear. She was alone—alone

on the prairie with only the storm Salt Lake Qty, Utah to mark her whereabouts. This was

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1937

THE OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN ingcarefullyan apprehensiveacross the valley.eye watchingThe old

[Continued from page 287) service could be completed. No difgrizzlyTheywasfirednottheyetbrush,in sight.and the air

broke up and abandoned that camp ference, the service must be given current through the cave fanned it in haste and confusion. whatever the cost. quickly to a red, roaring mass. They

It mattered little where the next led the little brown pony up over the camp were made. It mattered little While the horses waited big rocks and killed it near the

whether it were made at all. The by the tree, sufficiently distant from flame.

ponies, tied to the trees, might wait the deathcamp to escape its evil Poke might appear at any minthere under their saddles or under spell, the two brothers carried the ute. All the same that fire must be

their loads to starve for grass or body of the dead woman up to a kept burning. All night long the

it, guarding vigilantly from the darkchoke—Toorahfor water.was gone!What Herthe differencestill form caveTherebytheythe placedmouth herof BucktenderlyCanyon.on a brothers watched and replenished

lay there on the blanket by the tree, heap of dry brush and limbs; they ness all around to which the leaping

her face beautiful with the bloom of heaped more brush and limbs over flame was a perilous beacon for young womanhood. But the light her till she could not be seen, keepevery lurking danger.

had gone out of her eyes, a deep At midnight the haunting shape gloom hung on the cliffs and over persisted still in the glowing coals, the valley. and as morning approached it lingYet however empty the world she ered there in the red heap as if

had left behind, she must have a clinging to the dear ties of earth.

good horse to ride to the wondrous The wrathful brother might be waithereafter. She must have her own ing to intercept them as they went

little brown pony on which she had away, for he would hesitate to decome from Peavine. Also her body file this sacred ground.

must be consumed with fire so it In the gray dawn came anothercould not be defiled or preyed upon Since '49 rider—the dead woman's brotherby any evil thing. was very near—he was wild with

his horses reeked anger, sorrow and oblivious everyto Posey, While FULLR lather, he wanted with and muddy else, inthing over bent anguish had son. sight of renegade's the but onehis one, sinking loved somebody P4IHTS in last the crumbled dear form At quirt, raised possibly withwith and

fly ashes. could they white Now little hisfoolish over strapped hat

find would them where? Poke

hair, fast ridden and far butheavy had his curse Shoes, of west Wooden sister histo murdered. tell Poke was Trail overtake them would on The the old groaned"Puneeh!"bear had of the Fathers. Wherever theyin agony of wrath, "This shall be GOOD PAINT

the end of the skunk."IS AN wentwouldhehuntwouldthembetoafterthe endsthem.of theHe

Another rider, more kindly than earth and nothing would appease his the first, had traveled at horsekill- wrath but life for life. Even if theying pace to give warning that Poke INVESTMENT escaped him their stay would be a

terrible fury. in comingwas investment one, possibly they would never long because The—an short fortime might too Toorah's be costs return. it reduces upkeep

funeral fire, her brother might arrive and increases the value In the whole distracted world of with death in his hand before the of property. Cheap paints their acquaintance they could think

aren't cheap at all—beof no place more inviting than the

cause they don't last. Use old mountain of their nativity. There

... they was no time to deliberate further, soRemembering Colonia Fuller Paints

presthe last! least for at resolved, theyDiaz ent, to Mountain. hide in Navajo {Concluded from page 322) See Your Fuller Paint Dealer on 332) (Continued page

know we had stood upon the ruins for

PAINTS, WALLPAPER, GLASS called home.they once INDEPENDENT BE half hour for an stopped We So Profitable! Vocation Other No the inquired way, Ascension,La CO. P. FULLER in W. & ENROLL NOW the old peloncia of a store outbought

Salt Lake City and Ogden, Utah at the Course a Complete For loved so so manycandy much we years ago, and headed north. That

road was a traveled one, but it was Quish School of Beauty Culture

West in the The Beststill terrible. Sam's Uncle How good

Bide. 304-9 Ezra Thompson after again seempavement would CITY, UTAH SALT LAKEthat hundred and twenty miles of FULLR For Further Information

rock dodging and rut riding. and Catalog Call

or 7560 night the high It was when in This water POINTS WasatchFill finally oftower Palomas became

Couponrecognizable above the shadowy last mesquite and desert brush and again we had left Colonia Diaz.

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1937

THE OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN obliteratebe lost to thethatresttrailofandthe theyworld.would

at last from immediate Removed in their lofty they {Continued [rom page 331) the San Juan river and stopped late danger paused

Hill at that Spring. night Clay little for solitude the Setting each on a pony boy mourn to think—to

first light the of morndim With fast told to ride gone! dear Toorah.Posey them and She was And

follow him, while Scottie and his ing they worked their way up the her going had roused the old enemy squaw brought up the rear. Cheehigh cliff to the south and on top which her coming had pacified.

poots and the old woman were to they found a mesa with plenty of They wailed and howled aloud come at their leisure when they green grass and tracks of mountain according to the venerable custom could steal away unseen. sheep. A string of holes in the solid of their ancestors. They cut their

The fugitives toiled wearily off rockbottom of a little gulch held long hair straight across below their through the reservation, turning plenty of water from recent rains, ears. They cut the hair of the little

their searching eyes often to the and they stopped, to remain indefiboys and urged tliem to wail aloud, hills behind. They avoided the open nitely. They could guard their for being removed from their people

trails wherever possible till the night tracks up the cliff, though if no one they could not employ professional covered them, and they went pantcame soon, a shower would perhaps mourners as custom demanded and ing forward through the darkness, as the dead deserved, so they must eager to hide in the cherished dens do justice to the occasion as best of their childhood before the directhey could.

their of there heights safety From covered.tion of their flight should be disSalt Lake in close kept they the rocks watch

The dreadful scene of the last on the trail they had made in comingfour days hung ever before their is a City of Golden up the hill. As yet it had not rained

weary vision. They saw it enacted and their tracks remained a howling

again: The tragedy beginning with Opportunities... announcement of their hiding place.

that frightful shot on the river bank They scanned the bottom of the and dragging on with torturing step canyon often, venturing down on to the form in the red coals so unguarded feet to leave no tracks while wilhng to dissolve. they made sure that no one had

gone by. Old Cheepoots and

In the weary afternoon of Scotty's mother would hunt in vain the second day in flight, the coveted for them at Navajo Mountain.

mountain towered before them withsweet promise of rest when all withChapter XII—The Old

out warning they met Tsabekiss face Grizzly's Wrath to face. "Hawde nawgaw?"(Where are Jl OKE arrived in Bluff in

you going?) the old man inquired, a terrible state of mind. Anger and

showing by his look that he imweariness had intensified all that agined something wrong. They was fierce and grizzly in his bearish

gave him the best lies they could nature. He gazed bitterly at the

frame on the spur of the moment, smouldering embers in Buck Canand they knew he disbelieved every yon, grunting under his breath the word they said. fury he could hardly contain. He

This was a calamity, a bad, bad wanted to be avenged of the skunk omen. Whatever Tsabekiss knew, before he lay down to rest.

Poke would know. Poke would go People who knew about the tragto him for information and he would edy tried to tell him how it hapbe directed in relentless fury to their,.,, for those who qualify pened. "Why be angry with

is, place.hiding That he would

they waylaidcome unless him in the for the better positions. asPosey?"bad aspleadedyou feel."Henry, "He feels

training at the commercial Getrocks, YOUR a long but that would mean "Let growled, "Puneeh!"he me L. S. D. the College, Business 'where conflict.and bloody would They first of youth conneeds are given just see have one look him! Let me

sideration.still to of his dispose have two at him!"

brothers then be there would and Complete courses "He thought the pistol washis little son, Tsene-gat. Excellent They equipment

might have to do even that, but they Competent instructors empty,"Henry urged.

service employment "Has tribe, Active never forgivenwould be by the privileges Free gymnasium a "He's telling the trouble wouldand no how heskunk—letno eyes?"mePokefindroared,him!"

terminate. Summer classes will begin on June With resolute step he went to

Just ahead of the fugitives lay a 1 and 7. the Cheepoots wickiup where the

region of smooth rock, and reaching Write for the booklet.Future.''Planning Your two old people sat sadly alone and

it, with the hateful old Navajo well demanded to know where Posey had out of sight behind them, they turnLD.S. BUSINESS COLLEGE gone.

their to the course answer.ed sharply from no They made

tracenorth, or track leaving did he no kill my sister? "Why on 70 North MainWasatchSt. Salt1812Lake City, Utah

the hard, naked surface. Next day Where is he?"he hissed impatiently.

they crossed to the north side of "He thought the gun was empty,".

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1937

THE OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN GrasshopperPoke gainedcouldn'ton himdodge,everyandmile.he

urged the old man imploringly, "It the eager hours slipped by without couldn't hide his tracks nor make was a terrible accident."giving him a bit to eat, bringing the any turn to throw the old bear off

"Child's talk—I'll find him!"night down upon him again without the scent. No bloodhound ever fol-

a blanket on which to rest his weary lowed a trail anticipating all its turns

JDuck Grasshopper follimbs. But anger drowned his like that furious rider with the wide

lowed Poke's trail like a coyote hunger and dissipated his weariness. black hat and the vertical mustache.

follows a wolf. He kept always He cursed to himself as he waited And no one could shoot with more

just out of sight, and he ran like again for the day. deadly accuracy than Poke. On

a frightened puppy from the first In that desperate race GrasshopBlack Mesa he had shot a deer chance of meeting with Poke, Ever per had the advantage from the through the heart while it was in since the old trouble over the pinto start. He could choose his course midair between two clumps Cf

pacer he had nursed his hate and without hindrance, and he could ride brush. Buck remembered that and

whetted his appetite for revenge. as fast as his horses were able to glanced over his shoulder with a

But he hated himself for his lack go, never having to delay hunting sense of utter helplessness.

of the ordinary nerve to wait in the tracks. The man behind had to go Buck had doted on his speed and

rocks by Poke's trail and settle the slowly enough all the time to be his chances of hiding; now he could

account in true PahUte style. sure he was following the man neither hide nor fly. The old bear

When the old Bear was in trouble ahead. would be as merciless with him as

or otherwise occupied, Buck made The man ahead had also a still a wolf with a rabbit, and Buck was it a point to prowl near for any greater advantage, that is, he had simply too much of a squaw to wait possible mischief or annoyance he it if he had the grit to take it: He behind the rocks as another man

could devise, darting in and out with could hide behind the rocks and exwould have done. Yet he must do

whitefeather precaution against beterminate the man behind as he came something at once or become the ing seen. nosing along on the tracks. rabbit in the wolf's jaws.

Poke, bent on finding Posey's That advantage availed Buck tracks, went for his horses where he Grasshopper nothing. His ruling In that thirsty shadscale

had left them to graze and rest, and passion was to run like a startled country south of Clay Hill, the trail behold they were gone. Sometime coyote whenever anyone started leads up around a little box canyon

in the few hours since he saw them after him, and nothing could check where a waterhole can be seen in they had disappeared. Their tracks him while the pursuer kept coming. the rocks a hundred feet below.

led off down the river where some Buck made for Navajo MounBuck found his way down there for one had driven them at a furious tain, but on the second day in that a drink, but no trail to take his gait. It was Posey, of course—who direction he remembered Poke's horses down, they had to wait on

but the skunk would be so eager friend, Tsabekiss, who would be top. In the bottom he shuddered

right now to leave him afoot? sure to give him away, and after at thought of Poke arriving before

Back he went with long fierce thinking it over carefully he turned he could get back. He got back

strides to old Cheepoots and seized to the north side of the river and double quick and in the effort he got the two ponies which the two old resolved to hide in the solitudes of a new idea. Shoving the horses off

folks had begun to load for a trip. Pagahrit. {Continued on page 334)

No time now to stop on ceremony they could contribute at least these two ponies for their part in the trouble. He slammed a saddle on

in of the ponies one mounting and s::'!'?'-, go:h:a:v: gold led haste the other lope beon the

river. the hind him down

couldn't skunk be far The away CK: fc horses, instead with those of so delaying for company and a cumber- S'l'OCKINGS some load of provisions, the old bear

determined to take time by the fore-. lock and return from the job before look sheerer |.

supper. He was hot with a desire to wear longer J

meet the renegade's son all alone snagresistant | "where his own notions of retribution could be executed with no one to protest nor to report. 3pr.$2.85 l\ He held to those tracks in a flamtill hf ing fury of resolution evening colors of Plaza Beige, WindLovely 1 m

his hid shadows them from hawkMist SOT, Mayfair, London and M like glance. Even then he rode on

into the night, guessing the direction w he should take, but at a late hour Send Mail Orders to Margot JKi he decided to rest on his saddle till Manners. IBW

daylight should reveal again the guiding marks on the ground.

With the first streak of light he I Salt Lake City.Utahdashed away, lash and curses. Again Z C M

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1937

ried yet they on no more, moved THE OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN mile after wilderthe dry mile over {Continued from page 333) horses, and without shifting his gaze ness towards Clay Hill. Whether

or Poke, captured he had had Poke his into saddle. got he the knew He into contrived the ravine he ahead sure, could not captured he be him stolen ahead, horses were and when effort to getwith around nervous felt in spite impulse, of he an and to motioned him go he Buck on could he cover watchunder where his his for turn to guns and run his obeyed, yet steady kept he gaze for the behind, see whether and man life. lest the every on coward moment that for a hole tohe descended

in his there perilous be lapse a hypdrink. their retreat lofty JTrom spell. notic

Httle the of the head around Up in his rocks, the brother Posey and in the they reached horses Whengulch the sombre rode horseman the over kept apprehensive watch the ravine ahead. drove Buck them all hat, his animalswith the wide all trail in the below, depths and his staring prisoner and forward lather.a-puff gleaming with and excitement with them became when still the desert. shadscale over He in the the holeSeeing water below string of they horses a discovered it full his at gripped holding gun of eagerly up, hauled outhe swung Hill. riders Their and Clay on two cock, to but powerless he break was the over disappearedthe saddle and still trail cliffface the up was own silent to or that avoid from ominous thirstrim. exhaustion and Anger and to apparent too escape Poke's unglare grizzly. of old the hurThey till grizzly distracted the old hehad if failing of glance, he and were one

forgot his wonted habits of prethe two he would not fail to come caution. right up unless they stopped him at

Buck rode cautiously over to the the bottom.

lathering horses intending to shove They planned rapidly. They

them on after his own, leaving Poke would hide at two points in the canafoot while he quit the country at yon, and if one of the riders were the same pace he had followed bethe dread brotherin-law, they would fore. But getting nearer those hold up the outfit in the bottom

horses he changed his mind: he saw between them, cutting off any rethe old bear's rifle hanging in its treat, forward or back. If the outfit

scabbard, and his pistol dangling in refused to surrender, it must be inof theits holster horn from death. the cJo stant withsaddle. seized both them He lead one of the horsemen The

trembling fingers. He held them wore that wide black hat, and that

eagerly and exultantly in his hands, dreadful mustache straight up and looking to the rim where the black down. When that lead horsemanhat was soon to appear. Then he very[ heard a voice of command from the

point a little to a vantagewithdrew voice coming as it were horses sat readybehind the and out of the silence, in hillside—afrom the dead he

his saddle to shoot the old bear as looked up with a start into the face soon as he came in sight. of his despised brotherin-law, but When the wide hat did appear nae quick as light he turned his eyes

init the rim, thatabove and under to again the behind. man All the details of apparel, fiercevincible the mustache, and grizzly, the old always Then

etc., stationery, in her straight looking andslits of eyes like his poised wits a cat on on its

unblinkingly, the coward's mouth great adventure are of feet, went catlike from that saddle fell partly open and he hesitated, the utmost importance. into the rocks. He was out of sight

holding his gun at full cock. of that other horseman, but in full

This sudden surprise, enough to Correctness and smartview of Posey, to whom he raised scramble any ordinary set of wits, ness are our watchwords his hands above his head in eager even if they were not already weary in Wedding Stationery. surrender.

jarred the death, equanimityto did not say, once For he Puneeh, of See our smart new line just little bit. For athe old grizzly insulting reference to nor any make

just a second it shook the invincible pups or apostates. Instead he called

daring which had carried him Prices $7.00 with pleading and yet with comcontinuousthrough gun! mand, "Let I'm your me take difficulty in And up for 100 Wedding papoosehood.safety from asking at for a a friend gun!"Not

Not only the tremendous matter Invitations or Announceall put back nor surprised that his of his guns being transferred to the ments. unusual request fell on mistrusting

hands of his adversary, but that adears, he repeated, "Let me take it, versary was not the skunk as he had I won't hurt you, and I'll give it supposed in all this long chase. The back in a minute."

skunk would rather compromise than It was the dashing cavaher imkill, this spiteful ploring skunk. but the lowly of many Nothing enemy

anything before. thanyears like it ever more devoted wanted The Deseretelse to heroworship the if he end an driven which of Poke had make

could just for one minute master his povertystricken Sowagerie to crawl inveterate cowardice. on his belly after the mighty brave, Eyeing Grasshopper in silence JMews Press now impelled the same person to

and without a visible tremor, the 29 Richards St. listen, to thrill with pride, and yield

old bear moved sidewise to his Salt Lake City to the dominating personality.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1937

The Outlaw of maticItemuseatofaeverytime,wordand whichwith diplomight

Navajo Mountain explode the old bear's dominating wrath, they worked out the terms of

Approaching without a pause a truce. First, it was understood

while he talked, the old bear was that Poke would not then nor at any within arm's length of the gun when future time try to even the score by he heard a fitful permission to take an act of violence to Posey. Posey

it, and snatching it from the skunk's was to be unmolested in his pursuit hands he plunged back down the of happiness, but he was to deliver hill. The startled skunk scrambled twenty head of horses to his injured

just as fast back up the hill, demandbrother-inlaw.

ing of himself whether he had gone More than that, very much more, crazy, or whether Poke's bad medihe was to marry another of Poke's cine had thrown over him an hypsisters. She was an old girl left from

notic spell. the first picking, and she had become

When Poke vanished catlike a troublesome liability on Poke's infrom his pony into the rocks to get heritance. He was more than willhis hands on a gun. Grasshopper ing to part with her.

came to a paralyzed stop, raised his This other sister resembled Toorgun and dropped his jaw in stupid ah about as an owl resembles aapprehension of something unusual SINCIAIRcanary. If the unwritten statutes ot

about to happen. When that borPah-Utedom had provided any

rowed gun roared out from the top embargo on cruel or unusual punof a boulder on the hillside, Buck ishment, it would have preventeddropped in a heap from his saddle SAFETY Judge Poke from inserting that marwith no idea what had happened to riage clause in his sentence. Yet

him or who had done it. Is your car safe for summer Posey was delighted to have the

"Here's your gun,"Poke called, driving? Even if it is in pertrouble settled so soon and in terms

looking back up the hill, and the fect mechanical condition it which looked on the surface to be so the preto get venturedskunk down in hiscious trembling again weapon needs these services NOW. easilyto all thepossible.stipulatedHe conditionsbowed meeklyand

hands. Your car manufacturer rectook the starved and exhausted Poke

Meeting the dread glance of the ommends them. to his lofty lair for food and rest.

old cavalier, and trembling for the Together, after a few days, they outcome of the situation which had 1. Transmission and Differcame down out of the rocks, turning

developed like a whirlwind, his first ential drained, flushed their faces towards their old haunts for inevitable acthethought was the fine be paid and where was to and refilled. "Icounting, to hurt didn't mean executed. sentence the marriage

Toorah,"he declared as a first bid 2. Front wheels lubricated. As to the maiden sister, bartered

for clemency, but the matter was in this deal like a horse or a blanket, dropped for the time being, and they 3. Crankcase drained, flushit must have been to her a rather

hurried down to where Grasshopper ed and refilled. interesting item of information when

lay dead on the sand. her brother told her he had not killed

4. Chassis lubricated. Posey, as he had thought best to do

as the immediate SOON /\s situation of thewherefore could be 5. Spark plugs cleaned and athimthetofirst,marrybut insteadher. Whetherhad requiredshe

explained, the three began discussadjusted. was shocked or delighted at the first

their relationship.ing strained Posey 6. Radiator cleaned. inklingrefrainedof heroicallythe arrangement,from anysheactionyet towanted much he would know how

have to do, and Poke wanted to as- 7. Battery tested. which would embarrass her brother

certain how much he could safely in the order he had given. Before

require. that score of horses could be deAfter considering the words of livered, she became the second wife.

Henry and others, the old bear had WIN A NASH 8 SEDAN—or one The arrangement promised a fitadmitted to himself that after all of 520 other valuable prizes ting recompense for a long tangle

the tragedy was an accident and awarded free each week in the of unpleasantries fomented by the nothing more, and yet he determined SinclairBabe Ruth Baseball Conmaiden sister in her brother's houseto exploit every advantage it might test. hold. But it accomplished a much

offer him to strengthen the essential bigger thing than that: it hung

props of his cherished supremacy. around the neck of the apostate's

He had abandoned all thought of son, a mill stone from which he a blood indemnity, yet he resolved See Your Sinclair Dealer would not soon get away.

to force a stiff contract on the renefor Free Entry Blank From the day the marriage clause gade's son. Nothing in this affair of that sentence was executed on

had revived or generated in his soul Posey, a new agency was at work the least love for his brotherin-law. expanding the evil and withering

As to forgiveness, that Christian atthe good in his strange world of tribute was simply minus in his adversity.

calendar of capacities. (To 6e Continued)

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY DISCONTENTED BEGGAR!

life walking the content to your spend YOU really forceful, we wish to be especially we ftARE ABSOLUTELY—when severely. the old lady country begging?"asked is this word. are often guilty of mispronouncing The a

pronounced as in the word cat and the only accent in the word "No, lady, I ain't,"answered the hobo. "Many's the time

follows the b. The o has the force of the o in obey. The u is I wished I had a car."Pathfinder.

the singing u, not the flat sound of oo. The y is short as in it. >

Be sure that you have only one accent, following the first syllable, ab.

odd—whichAuthority givesau isdifficulty.sounded asTheo iinandorb.y boththe ohaveis shortthe soundas in

of Err—rhymesthe i in if. with her. Erring rhymes with slurring; and

error as in terror.

FROM ATLANTA, GEORGIA February 24, 1937.

Dear Associates:

MISTAKEN IDENTITY?

are doing. for the splendid Our you you work COMMEND RE YOU John A. Van Dorky?"asked the young man arrival of the Era. the for eagerly I people look forward An intelligent school teacher, not a member of the Church, but "A'beside the cloak rack.

reply. the surprised "No,"was wrote as.sisting copy, receiving after her second in our Mutual,

frosty rejoinder, "and that is his "Well, I am,"came the not that sorry she had the thought and expressed she was known there was such a magazine long ago, so that she might overcoat you are putting on."Texas LonghornRanger.

have enjoyed it.

Sincerely your brother, MUTUAL ERROR (Signed) Le Grande Richards, Mission President. "pLAYlNG over an Irish links, a choleric colonel lost his ball

FROM CHICAGO moment*- and later,accusedit washis found,caddie theof golferhavingbeganstolenan it.apology.When, a

Dear Editors: "Arrah, niver mind at all, at all,"said the boy. "You

MUST congratulate you on the appearance of the Era and the thought oi was a thafe, and oi thought you was a gintleman,

I excellent editorial job which you are doing. Can we be oi an'begorrah, we both made a mistake."Vision.

any further service?

(Signed) Bryant S. Hinckley, MISTAKE SOMEWHERE

DID you like those Chinese backscratchers I brought President, Northern States Mission. it Howyou?"

FROM BERLIN "Is that what they were? Chinese backscratchers! My

February 25, 1937 wife's been making me eat salad with them."Grinnell MaiDear Editors: teaser, cj>.'

all train, turned are the eyes I open up on the Era WHEN

I it, asked, it is attractive, often very so and upon am "May I look at your magazine?"and with pride I turn it

over to them. Once each week as the "Mission Mother"I

conduct the morning class for the Elders, and about nine out of ten times, I use articles from the Era. I feel we should

keep abreast of the work being done at home and your magazine supplies me with the material.

With best wishes to all.

Sincerely, - (Signed) Elizabeth H. Welker. '-f-K,

**'j 'he husband who talks in his sleep may easily ruin his if she wife's declares nerves,"Especially a specialist.

of FROM AN OUTSIDE FRIEND can't* quite hear he is saying, what Humorist, adds The

Provo, Utah London.

March 12, 1937 Gentlemen: HOOK, LINE, AND SINKER

Irri'I IS to subscription that pleasure with renew The my IT "I sent OBSON: to advertised $2.50 that ap- a concern an

S. of the Church I L. D. Era. a provement member am not for pliance bills keeping gas got it this morndown, and inspiraissue, I find both of interest in month's each but much ing/H

tional otherwise. and

it is doubt of magazine that no high order such The has a DobsonHobson 'What"A tencentdid theypaperweight."-send you?"-Vision.

outside those appeal, but with members not only wide Church the Church. SPECIAL TO PAPER AGENTS Very truly yours,

(Signed) W. R. Butler. Subscription Agent: "Would you like to subscribe to the

FROM KREUZ, (OSTBAHN), GERMANY Ladylocal papers?''No, we have newspapers all over the house."

S. A. "How about some good books?"

To the Editors of Improvement Era: Lady "We've got books in every corner."T CAN truthfully say that some of the articles in the Era have S. A. "How about a magazine or two that—

'helped me more to go over some of the rough spots of my Lady "Sorry, but we're swamped with magazines."

mission than any other magazine or book that I have. S. A. "Well, then, how about a good paper baler?"- The

(Signed) James E. Walton. New Guide.

>i

w\

s/*

.Pi "WMl

if

'"""''ii sy'tf'\i

WrfWmrm,

Throngs leaving the Temple Block af+er the first session of the 107th semiannual conference of the Mormon Church. "-%*

His Voice Transcends The Walls of Temple Square....

In the historic Tabernacle on Temple through KSL's 50,000 watts his words and

Square, President Heber J. Grant stands the words of those who follow him go to

before the pulpit over which, each April the homes of the Saints through the length and October, the advice and counsel of and breadth of the land.

the General Authorities of the Church pass to hundreds of thousands of memExclusively over KSL, every general bers of the Mormon faith. Only a small session of conference has been broadcast

fraction of them can be seated in the for twentynine consecutive timesl It is a service that KSL is proud to perform, a great Tabernacle.

The President speaks. His voice trancontribution that helps make this station

1 scends the walls of Temple Square, and truly the Voice of the West

THE VOICE OF THE WEST

jMjwwjti/ KSL Youth

or

Jime

It is blossom time again, and Nature, like youth itself, is gloving with vital activity.

Each year with the coming of Spring the curtain rises on the ageold drama of the seasons.

Spring, with her blossoms and gaiety, must give way to the vigorous growing season, summer. Then follows autumn,

the time of ripe maturity; and

at last comes winter, when Nature folds her hands in peace and rest. JTake a tip

from Nature in shaping your own life. Now, before you

get any older, begin a life insurance program and thus sow the seeds of financial security.

Later, as your earning power increases, add to your insurance estate, guaranteeing for yourself and your family the fruits of life's harvest. Then

you can spend the winter of your life in comfort and peace, safe from the chill blasts of poverty. 5Don't

wait until you can take out a lot of life insurance all at once. Begin now by calling

in—heyourwilllocalgladlyBeneficialhelp agentyou

work out an insurance program in this strong company.

If you do not know who he is, drop a post card to the home office'.

p '* 1-4 'I-,

AGENCY OFFICES

Phoenix, Arizona * Boise, Idaho * Idaho Falls, Idaho * Ogden, Utah * Seattle, Washington * Lyman, IMURWyoming * Reno, NevammMWAMT da * Los Angeles, Cali- *fornia Oakland, Life Bldg., Salt Lake City, Utah CaliHome Office—Beneficial

fornia * Chico, California. President HEBER J. grant.