E *jjjt t

-ffi

MfM

-.M

":'--*, -..s.si4s*,.*>.

't>

ij

s:rK ->.

- -+c <!>'-.%#n i SEPTEMBER;1939

9 VOLUME 42 NUMPER ''-'"''Vg fiUARARTEED RETURR MSTACC,"'<

V- SALT LAKt CITY, UTAH,..*ATJ.JH.Q".I T..iUTAH

Features of the New titting mt standing. AdjuiF-

u|>hUlefeqliy/ijN, Comfart—aWt* ipongeiubbef teat. tivator gang shift. Clean cross cultivahour. 5 miles an at 4 or

tireamliiied Clearz; vMon—unoeth,

autosteering. Fingertip Brakes can bevS'sign enoblei yeu to lee your work. detion separately for operated short making

or or pivot as 4- the road. a unit on power. Smoothrunning Balanced turns—/* cylinder, vaivein-head with engine,

ball than highgrade 30 More and crankshaft. Full forceTocco-hardened

roller (Z)zJ bearings. springrowhide 19

cyllubrication, replaceable feed and oil dust seals. loaded and

Brilliant sleeves. inder performance and

amozieg economy on No.

fuels. other tractor distillate I tractor Canwhichbeliftsequippedand lowerswith machines,"LiftAll,"or and

front or rear sections, on either side.

field transmission. Fivespeed Four

wheel tread—for all row-)1 16mile speeds, (en plus a speed vV/gv cropAdjustablerequirements, rubber). Variable can you

driving caatiel "inches line speedsgovernor—roadwithin complete of quickattach- @Mosl

per hour,"able machines.

THE NEW SMALL FaRMALL-A ytith"CuLTi.Vision"

Here is Harvester s new small Farmall, with features you have been wailing for: power, speed,

economy, and "CulliVisian."

Built lo do all the work on ihe small farm, or to replace th last team on the big farm—and it selfs

at a new low Furmallprice. Directattachable machines are available

for all row crops, including vegetables. Ask us for complete details.

that is practicaljor thefields—modern styling in

the famous FARMALL red. But the real thrill

OR 1 7 years the Farmall will come when you get hold of one of these idea has been setting the steering wheels, give the smooth 4-cylinder pace in power. FARMALL is today the No. 1 farm engine the goahead, and put a new FARMALL

tractor in the land. The -whole power farming through its paces.

picture has been changed by half a million Here are three bears for work htgsize mid'

FARMALL tractors on the job.... And NOW die size, small size! You'll find each one a gocomes a brandnew family of FARMALLS to step getter in every inch and ounce. Step out ahead

up farm power efficiency all over again! with your choice of the new FARMALLS. See the

Last month we introduced the FARMALL-A McCormickDeering dealer for the full story.

with its great new feature, "CultiVision."Satisjy yourself about the quality, utility, power,

Here's your first view of the little fellow's big comfort, and economy of these great new tractors brothers—FARMALL-H and FARMALL-M—spic—and about the new low FARMALL prices.

and span from the Harvester factories, raring Catalogs on request.

to go!

First view shows you upto-theminute apInternational Harvester Company (incorporated) pearance—the handsome lines of farm power 180 North Michigan Avenue Chicago, Illinois

I N T E R NATIONAL HARVESTER PRODUCTS

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1939

SENTENCE SERMONS BY THE LATE DR. KARL G. MAESER

{Eacly Mormon educator) INFIDELITY is Consumption of the soul.

Be yourself, but always your better self.

The Lord never gets in debt to any man.

The Lord never does anything arbitrarily. "Roses are red, Violets

Make the man within you your living ideal. are blue,"/ tell him

Everyone's life is an object lesson to others. Longfellow McGonigle is our village poet... guess

My word shall always be as good every town has at least one. Honest, he's the rhymas my bond. in'est man I ever saw.

Authority must be an iron fist in a The other day he pulls into my station an'begins velvet glove.

right off, soul: to your Say "Let no unclean "The air is fresh, the sky is blue. enter here."thing ever

... how are you?"Let your first "good morning"be to I*zn fine today

your Heavenly Father. I go on fiUin'his gas tank, tryin'to look agreeable,

A man without a character is like a but he's away with...

ship without a rudder.

I would rather lose my right arm "Spring is here, trala, tralee.

than break my word of honor. A gentle violet I would be."

shall If it please my Heavenly FaSee what I got to put up with? As I start polishin'ther, I will in heaven. be a teacher

his windshield, I see that light comin'into his eye what a person It is not so much says, but what makes him say it. an'I know he's off again. But this time I beat him

A laudable ambition to excel is an to the punch!

indispensable requisite to success. "Mr. McGonigle,"I says: o

When I listen to a sermon, I have my ears open to the doctrine only. "Roses are red, violets are blue,

No man shall be more exacting of Fd try Golden Shell if I was you.

me or my conduct than I am of myself. It's fastflowing an'tough

is a knave; An'if that ain't enough. He that cheats another

but he that cheats himself is a fool. It only costs 25 an'your engine will

blessings are Our patriarchal paralike it an'so will you!"graphs possifrom the book of our

bilities.

Yessir, I put him right back on his heels. So Mr.

Boys, when you are tempted to go McGonigle finds a fellow poet, an'I find a new cusinto a saloon, think of me, your teacher. tomer for Golden Shell Oil!

We go to the East for learning; An'folks, if you can think of any good poems conbut the East will come to the West cernin'Golden Shell, send 'em in. I don't want this

for wisdom.

fountain o'verse to run dry!

No righteous rules, however rigid, are too stringent for me; I will live Sincerely,

above them.

Eagerness to earn bread and butter has overshadowed many a golden opportunity. %d1

(Concluded on page 549) (Do yojJL JinowWho has a right to drink? 516/ImproDementEra

"The Glory 4>f God is Intelligence'How cold affects the taste? 518

Latterday Saints not fear do Why Grant, IIe!ja J. 1939SEPTEMBER, 521 death? Widtsoe, 9 JliA.VOLUME 42 NUMBER

story Ballard's Editors The of Melvin J. L. Evans, Richard

''THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Managing Editor last illness?.522

C. Josephson, Marba first launched Elder Ballard WhereOFFICIAL PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, ORGAN OF THE Associate Editor DEPARTASSOCIATIONS. IMPROVEMENTMUTUAL career? his missionary 522 Morris, George General Q. Mgr. EDUCATION, COMMITTEE, OF MUSICMENT WARD

Lucy Cannon, Associate G. Mgr. AGENCIES CHURCHTEACHERS, OTHER OF THE AND

Orton, criticism Business to say higher Mgr. has J. K. What SAINTS.OF OF CHRIST JESUS LATTERDAY

about the authorship of "Isaiah"? 524

What a physician discovered about the health of L. D. S. missionaries? 526

Of the fight for life being waged on

Cottonwood Ridge in the Wasatch

As Men Face Death: Heber J, Grant 521 mountains? 528

How Protestantism gained a foothold in Scotland? 532

Melvin J, Ballard Richard R, Lyman 522 For what reason Mormon colonists

The "Isaiah Problem"in the Book of Mormon were first sent into Utah's Dixie,

Sidney B. Sperry 524 and whence this name? 536

of selecting singers Evidences and Reconciliations: XVI—Are the Early Books A good method

of the Bible Historically Correct? John A. Widtsoe 545 for a ward choir? 539

Building a Ward Choir, Frank Ward Teaching 554 What one city did in a cooperative

W. Asper 539 Mutual Messages: effort to build a high school semChurch Moves On 542 Executive 555 inary? 543

Genealogical Page 546 Explorer 555

Priesthood: Bee Hive 557 What historic site recently came inMelchizedek 550 Field Photos 556, 557, 558 to possession of the Church? 543

Aaronic 552 Of important discoveries authentiSpsicioL JsxduMA. cating early Bible history? 545

When Health Is at Stake James Lloyd Woodruff 526 Howingvoluntaryfamily a laborhome?built a deserv550

Old "Juniper Jardine"H, V. Hall 528 Who wrote prizewinning essays in

The Protestors of Christendom—John Knox—Conclusion.—a Word of Wisdom contest? 552 James L. Barker 532

the monthly ways what to make The Vanguard of Utah's Dixieland Mark A. Pendleton 536 In

useful? report 555 I. A. M.

540 Sentence Sermons, Karl G. the Book Rack On

. 547 Why 1940 is a significant year for 513 Homing Maeser

Who Has a Right to Drink?...-516 Index to Advertisers 566 BeeHive girls? 556

Exploring the Universe, FrankThe Way To Many Hearts 568 lin S. Harris, Jr 518 Your Page and Ours 576

EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL OFFICES: 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah

Copyright 1939, by Mutual Funds. Incorporated,,

Melvin J. Ballard John A, Widtsoe 544 ofSaints.the ChurchAll rightsof reserved.Jesus ChristSubscriptionof Latterdayprice.

Concerning Sincerity Richard L. Evans 544 $2.00Entereda year,at thein advance;Post Office,20c SingleSalt LakeCopy.City,

Change Marba C. Josephson 544 mailingUtah, as atsecondclassspecial ratematter.of postageAcceptanceprovidedfor

for in section 1103, Act of October. 1917,

authorized July 2, 1918.

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes contributions. must be accompanied manuscripts All

return. sufficient for delivery postage and No Sale!—A Short Short Story Mary Elizabeth Bouck 527 by

Farmer Preferred LaRee Spencer 531 NATIONAL ADVERTISING

The Native Blood—Conclusion Albert R. Lyman 534 REPRESENTATIVES

City Lake Mayo, Salt M. Frontispiece:: Guest, 549 Francis Daisy C. Drexel The Men at Work,

Francisco S. Townsend, San Edward Scriptural Puzzle.. -574 520 Crossword Alex R. Schmidt

Poetry Page 541 MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF

CIRCULATIONS JhsL Qdvsuv As earthsummerandturnsthe providenceher face towardof the autumnLord, ourwe Father.are remindedThis photographicagain of the studybountiesis byof A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY

W. A. Oberlin. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

With fruits and berries so plentiful and the price of Home Produced Sugar so reasonable,

L thriftytheir favoritehousewivespreserves,are makingjams t and jellies now. And they're

using sugar grown and refined. in their own locaHtyl You can't buy better sugar than Home Produced Sugar... and every bag

you use helps local sugar beet farmers.

PURE FINE GRANULATEP.QUICK DISSOLVING

HDIHE PRODUCED SUGDR

Who Has a Right to Drink?

article in special a temperance the o/ "Signs of the J/uudc (DjiwiUidL.1 ANnumber

Times"[or May 23, 1939, answers a challenging question and points out the limits of personal liberty. Writ-

/ SOMEtrainChicago,timebetweenagoa groupwhileWashingtonof ridingbusinesson menandthe Associationtentary byof CharlestheandAmericantheS. Longacre,InternationalTemperanceSecreRe-

futility the discussing of laws were reparagraphsligious Libertyare Association,herewith reprinted.salient

right intoxicating stricting drink to the.. on the Hard ROLL! BARREL A to drink beverages. a right have "Men.. his for devil.. Safe air daredevil

engine, because it's still welloiled the same as they have a right to eat,"upside down. Your car would actualsaid one. "It is foolish,"added another, not in justice infringe upon the rightful

if you lubrication engine better ly get liquor others. to a person for has liberty outlaw of "to vote laws No

it upside down! park could always pleases prohibition right proor denot to does he do what when

. that see Silly? can you

... in the spite sires. by.. traffichibit. will of drink Men engine your standing. "bottoms. Yet up"

of sale restrain the to that aim laws It is true that ever no law was to made the top! oiled stay to have would

to regulate intoxicants. attempt To start it couldn't that perhas not been broken Then by some dry—oilstarved. a man's interference with of engine drinking is an source that one worst And theft, sons. against murder, laws The

wear would be ended for you. personal liberties and with his inherent and adultery are violated every hour

right drink."to irresponsible the of perday some by without beneHt this same great Get

this point the conversation was inAt is this sons; but in favor enno argument "topsyturvy"Get your any...

gine OILPLATED. And that takes patterrupted by a passenger who asked the of the repeal of those laws. Would

ented Conoco Germ Processed oil, with question: "Do you gentlemen believe we be justified in repealing all laws enits "magnetic"power of mating to the that the engineer and the train crew acted against criminals on the basis

in your parts. All the up way this train that should enjoy operate the that or criminals they not regulate do

it or stands runs the while workingengine—all intoxicating liberty beverages?"to drink prohibit absolutely, criminal acts and Processed use time you Germ -—aU reply an emphatic unanimous was The officials? are poorly public enforced by oilplating. durable got oil—you'vethe

It wearproofs every start and every "No!"The passenger asked another Or would we be justified in licensing

mile. And you're not always adding question: "Why should the engineer criminals, provided each licensee paid

to your Germ Processed oil. Change and the crew of this train be denied the government $500 to $1,000 a year

MerMileage Your Conoco the right verdict drink?"to was: today—to The to revenue as relieve the lawabiding

engine's oilat once your chant—and require these should law "The men to citizens their from usual paying taxes plated. Continental Oil Company. lives as so be not sober the to endanger to the run or Government to educate

of the passengers on this train,"The their children or to care for the agedCONOCO GERM interrogator asked again: "How many and helpless?...

engineers are there in the United How, then, can we justify ourselvesPROCESSED OIL States?"They answered, "About in granting a license to sell hquor to the

60,000."The interrogator said: "You most avaricious, ruthless, heartless,

are badly mistaken. Besides the 60,000 conscienceless, and lawless gang, and

railroad engineers there are 35,000,000 say to them that for so much revenue licensed automobile engineers, who are they may transform hundreds of thouentrusted with highpowered gasoline sands of men and women into jabberengines on the public highways, where ing, staggering, reeling, cursing, fightthere are no rails and guards and siging, irresponsible drunkards, criminals, nals. Is it not just as necessary that murderers, and vagabonds?...

these automobile engineers should be Who has a right to drink? Do I as

required to be sober as the railroad en- a prospective father or you as a prosgineers?"Again the answer was given pective mother have a right to drink

in favor of restricting the drinking liberalcoholic beverages, or use cocaine or ties of the automobile driver. marihuana when science tells me that

Who, then, has a right to drink? If my offspring will have to suffer the

35,000,000 automobile drivers do not blight and curse of both mental and have a right to drink for fear of enphysical defects and a premature death dangering the public safety, how about with greatly aggravated sufferings of /ll&4AU40 automobilethe pedestrian?accidentsOf causedthe 39,800duringfatalthe unavoidablequence? No fathermaladieshas asa rightthe toconsecome

these were caused pedesby drunken ing his and abtising wife and children &mcati yeartrians 1937, a very large proportion of home staggering and jabbering and curswalking directly in front of a because of drink. mother No PRODUCERS speeding automobile. They not only right to bring shame and disgracehasanda

SALES AGENTS ofendangerthose ridingtheir ownin thelivesautomobiles.but the lives aof handicapdrink. Nouponsonheroroffspringdaughterbecausehas a

No person has a right to dethrone right to bring reproach and dishonor his reason and impair judghis good and ingratitude upright upon an and use ment of intoxicating liquor respectable by the father and mother becauseCfllTLf IGS Sp and thereby endanger the public safety of drink. No citizen has a right to make UNION STOCK YARDS and the general welfare of society. a pauper out of himself to be supported

Los Anqeles Stockton One's personal liberty in society is by society because of drink. Any naSo.San Francisco circumscribed by the rights of others. tion that debauches and corrupts its

Personal liberty does not mean a peryouth through the curse of drink desonal license to inflict an injury upon stroys its own future and commits naanother person. Personal liberty cantional suicide.

In every democratic country in the world today, home ownership is considered the strongest foundation of a sound economic and social system.

In Europe, home ownership is possible only to royalty or persons of title and extraordinary means.

But in America, attractive brick homes, modern in every respect are available to families in the moderate and low income groups.

The home pictured here is built of colorful Mountain Red Ruff face brick backed up, for solid wall construction, with common brick. All chimneys are lined with

square clay flue lining and the total cost of the clay products used was only $393.72,

delivered to the building site.

Certain advantages which are not to be had in other types of homes are yours in a brick home. Paramount among them is ECONOMY.

ECONOMY OF OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE

LOWER DEPRECIATION AND INSURANCE RATES

FIRE SAFE CONSTRUCTION AND HIGHER RESALE VALUE We'll be glad to estimate the cost of brick for your home and you'll be pleasantly surprised to learn how little it actually costs to build with brick.

mERSTATE BRICK CDMPAIVY 3 1 80 South 1 1th East—P. O. Box 68, Sugar Station

Salt Lake City, Utah Phone: Hyland 630

(xjydna ihiL lAnivsiAiJL S. HARRIS, JR. npHE filament of the ordinary sixtyBy FRANKLIN TVEAT can now be commercially tenwatt lamp used in the home operderized nineteen times faster than

ates at a temperature of 2500 degrees by the process of "hanging."The

centigrade, which is above the melting method is to use warmth to speed up point of asbestos. the natural chemical reactions within

the beef, ultraviolet while radiation birds lay triannearly eggs so +Chore recently from developed lamps keeps * in gular that shape four nest in a molds bacteria and from growing.

fit like together pie. a quartered Controlled humidity to prevent is used

"M'ORTH Carolina scientists have the drying of the meat surfaces.

shown that it is not the wind that causes trees near the seashore to lean >Asa result of research by the Caninland. Salt deposited from spray hin- "adian fisheries, fishermen have a

ders the growth of the seawardpointing new pointer on how large or how branches so that the trees lean with the small to cut bait. Tests with codfish

weight of the landwardpointing found that the size of the pieces of food branches. eaten by the fish varied with the tem-

-f. perature of the water. In general, the

llusiCAL talent is not one ability but warmer the water the larger the pieces many, psychologists have found. of food gulped down. In cold water

"Earmindedness"or auditory memory, the largest cod had trouble eating bait which is learning faster by ear than by the smallest would have gulped down sight, is probably the common element roui on the tongue deadens the taste. in warm water.

connecting all these musical talents. 'If you don't want to taste bittei

Ability to judge pitch and auditory medicine then rub your tongue with Oaper plates are now made with a memory are two quite distinct and ice. Cold counteracts the effect of lining of aluminum foil. They have

fundamental capacities of the musical excessive amounts of sugar in ice cream an attractive metallic appearance, look mind. Other abilities that link or overbecause when they are cooled the taste more sanitary, and are well adapted for

lap include: tonal memory and tonal buds scarcely function. Man has about serving moist foods.

pitchmovement; and intensity taste discrimi- 3,000 buds, a and cow 15,000, an

nation; pitch and tonal movement; antelope 50,000. only Though we taste HEN glass breaks,. the cracks move

musical memory and tonal memory; with our tongues, fish taste with their at a speed of nearly a mile a sec- W intensityand and time. bodies. whole ond.

this dessert once and You'll serve it often.

EreMel is smooth, delicious, wholesome, a perfect dessert, easy to prepare, very inexpensive.

KREMEL IS RICH IN DEXTROSE THE FOODENERGY SUGAR THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1939

T IFE stories of 253 pairs of silk stockTV LMOST all diamonds if rubbed with a

Exploring the Universe ings worn by fifty employed women cloth, and a few diamonds after to the direct of the delicate rays twothread that hose being exposed series of revealed of thirteen examinationAn ruins of In the dark. of ten times; in the an average sun, glow on were worn** that the average readers showed

firstgrade child is forced to read 1 6,000 threethread eighteen times; and fourPecos Pueblo, New Mexico, a "lightof times. ning has a cone"found been twenty made acquire to in orderwords a reading >thread crystal cylinder of rock which was of only words.vocabulary 500 can in to revolve a shallow base with Potatoes a be made to peel themmade>

selves by passing them quickly semicircular groove, exactly fitting the in pigeons, of taste ducks, andCense flame at the searing temcylinder. a gas through 700year-old the When* is essentially as the chickens same Fahrenheit. of degrees 1,750 perature rapidly revolved on its cylinder was

in human beings. These birds perceive This causes the moisture directly bebase, both elements became markedly

the four fundamental taste classes: neath the skin to flash into steam and luminous.

sweet, sour, salty, bitter. In numerous blister off the skin. According to the

tests with variously flavored water patent, the loosened skin is removed /NE of the most useful instruments solutions. Dr. C. Engelmann found that by jets of water and the potato dried ever devised for telescopes has

pigeons acute sense of have the most jets of air, by I. S. Professor developed by been

least.taste, the chickens the is to slice trick up Bowen. Thejust before in telescope a large image CiMPLiFiED and condensed versions of

npHE MOST powerful permanent mag- * selections from the classics do not it reaches the focus; then by means of

net in the world has been developed lose the inspirational and informational many small mirrors reflect the light at the General Electric Company. content of the original. Tests made by through the small slit necessary in

Though weighing only 1/250 of a Professor F. P. Robinson used extracts studying the spectrum of the stars. This

pound it will Uft 6 pounds or 1500 from the Bible, the Peace Pact, and "imageslicer"will enable large teletimes its own weight. Made of Alnico, Gibbons on teachers, college, and high scopes to be used when the star appears

an alloy of aluminum, nickel, cobalt, and school students. The conclusion drawn fuzzy or dances around due to atiron, the new magnet uses a steel was that wellwritten simplifications mospheric conditions such that the star

sheath to direct the magnetic flux are not inferior but in many cases incannot be followed by the guiding apagainst the object being attracted. crease the understanding of the readers. paratus.

Let Your CASE Dealer show Yau the

TalkeJAbout Mt Tkaetdr Toihj/ Eagle -Eye Visibtlity

SteeringPost Controls

AutoType Gear Shift

Four Speeds

Forward

FuelMiser Carburation /\/tW CAS Electric Starter, Lights FlambeauBpd tractorI /

Improved "Easy On—Easy Off"MotorLift Implements

for Every Crop and Type of Farming

INIsTHEthe handsfeel ofofwingssweating men rings again, the hammerWhen Men at work the saw sings. And

"XIZhen men plane and level beams,

Plumb stout strut and brace.

They are quickened with new dreams

And a new grace.

T IKE lamps fed by a fresh oil.

Casting glowing pools, Men take fire when they toil By ALEX R. SCHMIDT With workworn tools.

Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberts.

niiE EDITOR'S PnGE==

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

into the temple and do the work for her husband; and No gratitudeWORDS of forminetheareGospel,capablebutofI fullyam neverexpressingso thankmy Months later I wrote her and asked permission to go

ful for it as in the hour of death. Judging from my she called at my house and granted this permission and

experience in Japan, in England, and in our own counhanded me some money to donate to the temple. I

try, in attending funerals of those not of our faith, I feel made up my mind, after a few years had passed, that assured that we as a people cannot and do not realize I would have a conversation with her, and refer to the and appreciate in the least degree the terrible sorrow fact that we believed in marriage for time and all and anguish that come to the hearts of those who have eternity. But just before I had made up my mind not a knowledge of the truth, who are called upon to to have that conversation with her—she was living at part with their loved ones. the time in California—she passed away.

I I that the opportunity sorry not very did have was I terrible thing, as near as can seems a most Death

I in lived that talk she to her because with hopes had funerals surthe of the attending judge people where by herself. the necessity baptized see being of But would truth, Latterrelatives the to viving not but a do know

I just died, shortly that before learned afterwards she Saint, into brings while death and sorrow our day homes in of visiting called president she she a Utah, was when is hearts, that less of the or our nature sorrow same more

I said: "I there stake cannot, to a her have and home feel called to that are temporarily upon when we we

tell children, to the not reared having courage moral my the part into with ones are dear our out going who

I in lost faith church, that another have and them my field time. mission are for or moving some away who

I I religion. in believe that the you, want Mormon I that those anguish exhibited awful seen That have by

I to to the gone, temple go have wife your and when am I truth into believe the the not never comes who know heart of a true Latterday Saint. have the work done for me and my husband. Mr. Grant

has done the work for my husband and I want you to

It has fallen to my lot to part with two wives, to part have us married for eternity and sealed together."

sons, to mother, with a beloved bury both one of my life that of her here and was a woman whose Now, lifelong friends, daughter, and most yet I and of my spent do parents before her her grandparents been and had not believe suffered that all in at comparison I have suffer others seen I have to what know who not the insupremeanothertestchurch,that comeswho, into thethe hourhumanof heart,her death,her faiththat truth. in her religion, that knowledge that you and I possess,

I remember attending the funeral of a gentleman in was lacking; and of that comfort that comes to my

Salt Lake, a very dear friend of mine not of our heart in the hour of death and to yours, she was entirely

Church, whose wife was a lifelong member of another void; and the very death of her husband, I am conchurch, and the anguish of that woman at that funeral, vinced, caused her to reflect and to pray and to study

the almost frantic anguish that nearly drove her wild, and look into the truth to that extent that before she and the mourning and the sorrow for months and passed away she wanted to be counted as a member of months that that woman experienced, convinced me the Church of Christ.

beyond a shadow of a doubt that her faith utterly failed I regret that she did not have the moral courage to in comforting her heart. come out boldly and acknowledge her faith and go

Some months after the death of her husband I hapdown into the waters of baptism during her life, but I pened to be visiting at her home, and she invited me to am glad she was anxious to have the work done. I am

sit down on the lounge. She wanted to tell me somepleased to say that it was done for her and her husband,

thing. She told me that a short time before her husband and I am pleased to say I had the privilege of performhad died he said to her that he did not want to break ing the sealing ordinance for that couple.

her heart, but "if it were not for the fact that you and I am thankful for the Gospel, beyond all power with your friends and your grandparents have been devoted which God has endowed me to express my thoughts;

members of another church I tell you what I would for this is the Gospel, the glad tidings of which the do: I would join these Mormons. We have lived among voice out of the heavens bore record unto us—that He

them for twentyfive years; they take care of their poor came into the world, even Jesus Christ, to sanctify the

better than any other people in the world. They take world and to cleanse it from unrighteousness, and to

care of their sick better; they visit the homes of their save all the creatures of His hands, to save all except

friends in the hour of sickness and sorrow and are like those that deny the Son after the Father has revealed one great large family. They are in very deed brothers Him. This Gospel is for all, and it helps all who emand sisters. There is nobody like them; and I would brace it with full purpose of heart to meet the stresses

join them only I know it would break your heart."of life with courageous assurance.

J.MELVIN BALLARD

(L silovsut

By RICHARD R. LYMAN

Of thz Council of the Twelve

This message, prepared at the one of his sons come and get the suggestion of the First Presidency automobile. But he did not see fit

by Elder Richard L. Evans of the to do this. His very nature comFirst Council of Seventy, and spoken pelled him to fight on with all the

as Alexander Schreiner played strength and energy at his command.

Brother Ballard's favorite and oftBut the long journey finished, and sung hymn, was the first public anhis home in Salt Lake City reached, nouncement that the Church had he had a collapse so complete that suffered a great loss—and Zion was during the week spent in the hosin mourning. pital before his death he hovered

Ten days before. Brother Ballard always near the brink. "Sleeping,

had been filling Church appointwe thought him dead; and dead, we ments on the east coast—speaking, thought him sleeping"is how Prestraveling, counseling. His customident David O. McKay, one of those

ary vigor and perennial good health who kept his vigil at the bedside, made the news of his death seem describes that uncertain period.

incredible to unwilling ears, but the Brother Ballard never ceased to fact was there to be faced—the man struggle with his might to conquer.

whose natural determination it was Only in death did he meet from an

MELVIN JOSEPH BALLARD - never to meet defeat was dead. incurable disease a difficulty he could

In death as in life he fought valnot overcome.

iantly to the end. The incessant And it is appropriate to ask why

SUNDAY evening, July 30, 1939, persistence of the man not to fail, his faith which had healed so many came this word during the 9:30 never to quit, characterized him in could not and did not, especially

p. m. Church radio service over his final struggle with a disease when united with the faith of his

KSL: which, it is said, has always proved brethren, heal Melvin J. Ballard

It is with deep sorrow that we are called fatal—acute leukemia. In ill health himself. Under my own adminupon to announce the passing tonight of at the conclusion of an official tour of istration the sick have been healed in

Ballard, beloved member MelvinElder J. the recovery Mission, States seemed England cases where many New

of the the Church ofof the Council Twelve

I Brother Ballard have appealed an impossibility. urged by docwas Saints. Death Latterday of Christof Jesus

came shortly past eight o'clock this evening tors, by his friends, and by his deto the Lord in great humility and following a brief illness. voted wife, who was his traveling earnestness for those ailing to be

Born at Logan, Utah, on February 9, companion, to give up driving his restored to health, with results in

Ballard1873, Elder was ordained an car, take the train home, and have many cases that are positive mirApostle a member and became of the Quorum of the Twelve In 1919. Before then,

and since, he has not spared himself from the rendering of any service in any quarter of the Church whereunto he was called.

The eloquent and fervent manner of his speech, the understanding sympathy with which he gave audience to all men, and the lovable kindliness of his nature have made him cherished wherever his presence

BALLARD FAMILY THE has sufferedhas been known. Church The THEY APPEARED

loss in his passing,great as also has his ASOVER YEARS TWENTY family, to whom our sympathy is extended AGO.

in their hour of bereavement.

Perhaps Brother Ballard's favorite hymn was the one he sang so often throughoutthe Church—"I'll Go Where You Want

Me To Go, Dear Lord."It characterized

him in life and in death. And we know

that unto him shall be fulfilled the promise of the Lord—that "they shall rest from all

their labors here and continue their works."

May God, our Father in Heaven, bless the life and works of Elder Melvin J. Ballard,

and ease the sorrow of all who mourn his oassing.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1939

acles. Yet I have never appealed

more earnestly, nor have I ever exercised more faith and authority in an appeal for a sick person to be healed than I did for Brother Ballard.

When administering I took time to tell the Lord of this man's faith and faithfulness. I explained in

great detail his many virtues and his outstanding qualities, and said in my prayerful appeal how much he was needed by the Church, the stakes of

Zion, the missions, the people everywhere, and by the members of his family.

Because our earnest appeals for That thus he died, more clearly reTEMPLEMELVIN BUILDINGJ. BALLARDIN AMONGTHE CITYRUINSOF OLLANOF A

his life were not answered, shall we minds us that thus he lived. "Thy TAYTAMBO, PERU.

lose faith? Shall we cease praying will, not mine, be done"was the

or administering to the sick? The leading harmony of Elder Ballard's years ago as a comparatively young

sublimest moment in the life of the life. It is to this spirit that his man, but already a warrior tried and

Savior was not when He healed the brethren in the Council of the true in the preaching of the Gospel sick, or made the deaf to hear, or Twelve pay tribute: of Jesus Christ, he took his place at

the lame to walk, or the blind to see, We have parted with a beloved associmy right hand as a member in the or even when he raised the dead. No! ate, one who has won a dear place in our Council of the Twelve Apostles.

The sublimest moment in the life of hearts as in the hearts of the whole Church During these short but happy years beyond. of thousands and ofJesus, when the Son God, was genuinely intimate and have been we the essence Ballard Elder Melvin was

in of Gethsemane the Garden He friends. never confidential I have Christ. of to the unselfish cause ofof devotionJ.

fered His most earnest prayer. The No call was too heavy, no trip too long, seen in him a trace of anger or ill

situation with Him was so serious no sacrifice too great, if thereby men might will. His round, strong face was

the to nearer Lord blessed brought and be

it salvation. of be often wreathed in smiles. His was and His plan may Of him

truly said that in season and out of season that smile called "the countersign he was in the service of the Master. of friendship and nature's best antiLike Enoch of old he stood upon the dote for trouble."

to the high places bore testimony and diThe thousands who filled the Tabthe plain vinity Christ of Jesus and made path that men must walk to win eternal ernacle to overflowing at his funhappiness. With a surpassing gift of elo; eral, the Boy Scout guard of honor,

quence and a fervor born of an unquesthe full representation of the Tabof tioning certainty the truth of the message delivered the through Smith Prophernacle Choir, the countless expresJoseph gi et, he called men to repentance and warned sions of sympathy and resolutions them of the folly of sin. Young and old of respect from individuals and

thrilled in response to his message, called groups are unforgettable witness him blessed, and sought a better way of to the popularity he enjoyed wherlife.

His soul as well as his voice poured forth ever he went. One of his sisters

music to lift mankind into lovelier lives. called and said that twentysix cars

With all his evangelistic power he was filled with relatives were coming to practical great understandwith endowed she: funeral the Said Logan. from

in for counsel, wise underhe was ing. He the will tell of something you "This stood the the spiritual temporal as well as

needs of man. He became therefore an effondness and admiration the relaMELVIN J. BALLARD AS A YOUNG MAN ficient servant in various Church activities tives of Melvin J. Ballard had in

among youth, in music, for the establishtheir hearts for this splendid man, that blood came from the pores of mentganizingof thewardsChurchand stakes,WelfareandPlan,manyin othor- their distinguished kinsman."

His body, and an angel from heaven ers. Whatever the task might be, he apEverywhere he went he became

came down and gave Him support. proached it in humility and prayer, but acquainted with the people. His

intelligent with power. It terribly distressthese under was ability their to people, remember

for that it not the has Lord need Were ofthat conditions ing the Master remarknames, faces and was most feel the that Side him assured Other on we that fered prayer earnest the most up If able. of president or stake one a the Israel the prayers mighty of of Hosts

ever crossed His lips. Then folfor his recovery would have prevailed. We his counselors, or a bishop or one

lowed the sublimest moment in the bow with grief in our hearts before the inof his counselors, or a patriarch or will of the Father. loving but lifetime of the Son of when He scrutable God holding imother person any an in his associates, intimate joy But we, appeal, to His wordsadded these in the place portant Church was that declare Elder can Melvin J. Ballard "But thy will, not mine, O God, be was indeed an Apostle of the Lord Jesus wanted during a General Conferdone."It was in that moment that Christ, and a mighty servant of the living ence, Melvin J. Ballard could run his

Christ Himself reached absolute pereye over that great gathering of TWELVE, OF THE Clawson. Church officials who filled approxiRudger fection. And behind the earnest apGod.THE COUNCILBy President

peal I made for our beloved Melvin mately half of the main floor of the

J. Ballard to be healed, I did my best 'T'he events of Melvin J. Ballard's Tabernacle and tell whether or not

to have that same feeling and life endorse every good thing the individual was there. Small

thought. that may be said of him. Twenty {Continued on page 569)

"QmojoPl PhDbkml'JJul IN THE BOOK OF MORMON By DR, SIDNEY B, SPERRY Of Brigham Young University

EAUNG WITH SOME CLAIMS OF HIGHER CRITICISM D AND EVIDENCES FOR THE ACCEPTED VIEWS.

ferred them to the time of Cambyses (c. 525 B. C.).

Gesenius also ascribed chapters

Jesus BenSirach (See the Apoc- 1 5 and 16 to some unknown prophet.

Rosenmuller then quickly disposed rypha. Ecclesiasticus 48:2025),

of chapters of 35 because 34 and B. 180 C., cited about wrote who

their relationship 4066. to chapters Isaiah great characters of the as one

questioned chapters In 1840 Ewald of antiquity quoted and Hebrew

It will 33. that thus be seen 12 and

indito from enough the prophecy by the middle of the nineteenth cencate that by the beginning of the second century B. C., it had reached tury some thirtyseven or thirtyIsaiah reof chapters were it. eight in the form which we now know jected part of that as being no great

first Isaiah's concerning doubt The prophet's actual writings. unity seems to have been expressed

by Ibn Ezra, who lived in the twelfth In 187980 the famous Leipzig century A. D., and not again until professor, Franz Delitzsch, who for

years vigorously defended had many the eighteenth century, the when Isaianic origin the of the book, whole critical disintegration quotes of of the Book book Mormon critical yielded to the posimodernTHE chapters exin whole twentyone year the of began. 1 780 Koppe tion. did "with so But he many others. In of Isaiah parts to the as genuineness and doubt pressed

in hesitations reserves"a and mancriti- Biblical ofthe light Doderlein 50. 1789, In modern of chapter

divisionists, unsatisfactory to ner the raise problems quotations thesecism suspicion on the Isaianic threw or- "unbiased, and indeed unaffected, by serious bearing a on the iginthat have chapters 4066. of Then Justi, critical considerations."

integrity of the Nephite record as and after him Eichhorn, Paulus, and therefore, It is believed, whole.a Bertholdt enhanced the suspicion C HORTLY after this time ( 1 88890 ) literary of the a presentationthat not genuine. that it was Dr. Driver and S. R. Canon its bearing of on Isaiah these result attainedproblem and by The to did Smith George much Adam will reacting be of genof help upcould not scholarsthe Book Mormon

critical popularize position the new interest. Isaiah.eral of Rosenpart the first on

As Professor A. B. Davidson muller, who, as Professor Franz in Great Britain.

pointed out many years ago, for Delitzsch points out, is everywhere Since the year 1890 the devisive criticism vigorous more has become centuries his pretwenty-fivenearly no one dependent on very much ever. microscopic than The the that Isaiah, to and to of doubtingdreamt decessors, the first deny was

son of Amoz, who lived in the eighth Isaiah the prophecy against Babylon work of such prominent scholars as century B. C, was the author of the in chapters 13:1 to 14:23. In this Cornill, Marti, Stade, Guthe, Hackwhole book that goes under his judgment Justi and Paulus conmann, and Duhm on the continent, and of Cheyne, Gray, and othersname. That is to say, the literary curred.

Britain America, has Great and until cenin of not the last doubted the beginningunity of Isaiah was At still further to served throw doubt times.comparatively recent genuinethe There denied Eichhorn tury

is no evidence that the ancients who ness of the prophecy against Tyre in some quarters on the unity of lived a few hundred years after in chapter 23, and, together with the Isaiah. Fifty years ago chapters

Isaiah's time knew of any probgreat Hebraists, Gesenius and 4066 were admitted to be a unity, lem in connection with the great Ewald, denied the Isaianic authorthough not from Isaiah. They were

prophet's writings. The Greek ship of chapters 2427. Eichhorn's designated as "DeuteroIsaiah"or

translator of Isaiah whose work is excuse for denying the genuineness better, "Second Isaiah,"the unique part of the Greek Bible ( Septuagint of the latter four chapters was that product of some wise but anonymous probably made his translation about they contained plays upon words sage who lived in Babylonia.

200 B. C., but betrays no sign that unworthy of Isaiah; Gesenius found But in the hands of the critics the

the sixtysix chapters of the book in them an allegorical proclamation Delitzsch'sSee translator'sBiblical statementCommentaryin theon thirdthe Propheciesedition of are not all Isaiah's work. of the fall of Babel. Ewald transof Isaiah. Rev. James Denney, B. D.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1939

unity of "Second Isaiah"was also Davidson, and Whitehouse. They own time. He takes his stand in his

doomed to vanish. DeuteroIsaiah throw out 11:1016; 12:1-6; 13:1 to own generation and looks onward

was limited to chapters 4055 and 14:23; 15:1 to 16:12; 21:1-10; 2427; from it."Put into plain English, this

a new division, "TritoIsaiah,"com-? 3435; 3639; 4066. Of a total of 66 scholar meant that a prophet canprising chapters 5666 was invented. chapters they believe some 44 were not see beyond the horizon of his

More recently Dr. Charles C. not written by Isaiah. If we look own times. With some exceptions

Torrey has written of the partition over the results of the radical wing the critics who dismember Isaiah of DeuteroIsaiah ( chapters 4066 of the critical school we find it more openly or tacitly deny the predictive in the following words: convenient to list the verses they element in prophecy. In the third

The result has been to make a great believe were genuinely Isaiah's. The edition of his commentary mentionchange, in successive stages, in the critical radicals are represented by such ed above. Professor Delitzsch says:

view of the Second Isaiah, afFecting the men as Drs. Cheyne, Duhm, HackThe newer criticism bans all who still

extent form, of necesand therefore and Isaiah's to maintain as authorship venture acGuthe, mann, and Marti. They

estimate,sity general the of the prophecy. science, of indeed devoid of conscience and 3:1, 5, 2931; 2:6-19; cept 1:2-26, 8, of scholars thoseIn the hands now who it, that as well. authorship is as imTo

hold the foremost place in the interpreta- 9, 1217, 24; 4:1; 5:1-14, 1729; possible as any miracle in the domain of

tion of Isaiah, the series of chapters be- 6:1-13; 7:1 to 8:22; 9:8 to 10:9; 10:13, nature, history, and spirit. In its eyes only

ginning with 40 and ending with 66 has 14, 2732; 14:2432; 17:1-14; 18:1- those prophecies find favor, of which a

chaos. oncebecome an indescribable The It explanation can be given. 6; 20:1-6; 22:1-22; 28:1-4, 7-22; naturalistic of the Exile'great 'Prophet has dwindled prophet can see, knows exactly how far a

to a very small figure, and is all but buried 29:1-6,9. 10. 1315; 30:1-17; 31:1- and where he must stand in order to see

in a mass of Jumbled fragments. The valu- 4. Only about 262 verses of a total of so far.'

hisation of accordhas fallen prophecy 1292 in Isaiah are considered to be ingly; outburst, with partly because a brief According to such views it would

themes, can range of narrowa never make be impossible for Isaiah, living about effort sustained like impression with aa covering a variety of subjects; and partly 700 B. C., to speak of Cyrus by

because the same considerations which govname, who lived about 540 B. C.

erned the analysis of the book have necesConsequently those sections of sitated a lower estimate of each of its Isaiah connected in any way withparts.

Cyrus (44:28; 45:1 ) are dated late,

After giving a brief history of the i. e., during or after the Persian

disintegration of Isaiah 4066 in his king's lifetime. And in general,

book. The Second Isaiah, which all since chapters 4066 appear to the

interested in the subject should read. critics to have the exile as their

Dr. Torrey continues: standpoint with a change in place,

The necessity of making the division time, and situation, they cannot posinto "DeuteroIsaiah"(chapters 4055) sibly have come from the pen of and "TritoIsaiah"(5666), with all that Isaiah. Therefore "The Great Unit involves, would of itself be a sufficiently known"is invented to take his place.

possible misfortune. is notgreat That it

still farther, As we have already pointed out, going this step without taketo the recent history of exegesis has clearly even he has subsequently to share shown. The subsequent dissection of "III his glory with other unknowns as

Isaiah"is a certainty, while that of the ingenious and plausible theories is likely tocurtailed not be were invented to explain the Bibex- here delayed.long have a good II IsaiahWe lical text. a has of that not which happenedample

few times, in the history of literary criti- 2. The literary style of those

cism, where scholars have felt obliged to the genuine product of Isaiah. The chapters held not to be from Isaiah

it fit writing mistopare a a scholars above make down were no named by is different very from those which theory. process, paringtaken begun The ones the only helped means who to are to admitted that prophet's. be penknife, hatch- a is continuedwith with a Isaiah, dismember they but were Professor S. R. into explains Driveret, until the has chopped been book

hopeless chunks.* probably the most influential. the significance of this point as follows: accordingly proceeds Torrey to T-Iaving the course now indicated Isaiah shows strongly individumarked in a very scholarlyshow way that of alities of the dissection of style: and amount he is fond of particular

chapters 34, 35, 4066 of Isaiah are Isaiah it will be well to point out ages and phrases, many of which are usedimothera unity.* writer by no the of Testament. Old of critics the reasons the some why

in the chapters Now, which evicontain scholars times Those who in the past have of the dismembered work allusions dent to the of Isaiah himself, age of denied the unityhave the book great prophet. these expressions occur repeatedly; in

of Isaiah may be divided into two No attempt will be made to be chapters which are without such allusions,the radicals.groups, thus authorize and which moderates For the and facie prima is exhaustive literature because the inference that they to belong different a its inwell forconvenience, as as vast. too age, they are absent, and images new and I interest, presentherent herewith 1. is phrases twofold postulate appear instead. This coincidence made A

list ofa verses chapters and cannot accidental. be subject of chapThe effect in to the that a prophet always

is ters 4066Isaiah different the rejected not that moderates so from of by sitdefinite of out historical as spoke a

Isaiah's prophecies (e.g.) against the Asthe of fromcoming that prophpen to uation the present the of needs syrians, to as necessitate a phraseolnewet. scholars in this represented The people lived; rhetorical and form: among ogy the differences and whom he

group are Driver, G. A. Smith, that a definite historical situation can only be reasonably explained by the

Kirkpatrick,Skinner, Konig, A. B. shall be pointed out for each supposition of a change{Continuedof author.*on page 564)

C. C. Torrey, The Second Isaiah, pp. 4f. prophecy.

Ibid., 13. p. Delitzsch, Franz Biblical the Commentary on scholar is "It said: has One is the greatest of *Torrey scholars one of day. our Isaiah, a Prophecies ( translated of third from German

is in fact for the his thought that foodThere views edition), II, 62. first Vol. principle that historical the hoso ofare out with radical critics other harmony "S. Driver, R. Introduction to the Anp. Literature of

Isaiah.partition who rizon of "Second"a prophet his to belongs the Testament. Edition, Old 238. 1923), (New p.

A GROUP OF FORMER BRITISH MISSIONARIES WHO many years I have felt there DURINGRAN FROMA CHURCHBIRMINGHAMHEALTH TOEXHIBITKIDDERMINSTERIN 1935. prescribed to bring the Elder back

left right: to Carig, Elders Back row, Barton,FORis Marriot. before he could start on the regular a need for a more systematic

Levitt, Stevens. Elders Badger, Thomas, health program. safeguarding program rov: Gunnell, Elders Richards, Boyce, Lyman, the Center:Front

health of the traveling Elders in our Young,ExtremeButterwrorth,left: Dr. Cannon,Woodruff.Bybee, Smart. A BACKGROUND of some years as

mission fields. As a rule, missionexaminer for gymnasiums,

aries are in fine physical condition schools, and clubs, where thousands when they arrive in their fields of of records were kept, gave sufficient labor; but, having arrived, they sit material for comparison with the

down. No matter how energetic Elders examined. The general

missionaries,they nor may be as how physical the tone much below was WHENenthusiastic; no much matter how particular average. example One

tracting they do or how many meetstands out: a young Elder who

ings they may attend, they sit down. was an all round athlete before leavThe more or less active life of the HEALTH ing his home for the mission field.

tennis court, baseball or football He made his mark in football, basefield, basketball or track teams, is IS AT ball, basketball, track, boxing, and entirely changed and there is genpole vault. After being in the miseral relaxation which is neither spirsion field eight months he put on

itually, mentally, nor physically dethirty pounds and was generally insirable for the boys. STAKE ert. His heart beat only fortyeight

In September, 1935, the author to the minute and the general subwas invited by Elder Joseph J. Cantonicity corresponded. He felt wellnon, then president of the British By DR. JAMES but was sleepy and did not have the

Mission, to make a circuit of the disverve which characterized him betrict conferences, with the health LLOYD WOODRUFF fore leaving home. He was a

needs of the missionaries in mind. splendid missionary, eager and enAt Rochdale, during a fourhour sesthusiastic in all his Church duties.

sion of unusual spiritual blessing, a Approximately two thouIt was only in his physical wellbe- plan of missionwide scope was sand OF THE finest YOUNG ing that there was a let down.

adopted. MEN OF THE ChURCH ARE CONThis condition of subtonicity

A first bulletin outlining the STANTLY AND RADICALLY so general in missionaries who have foundation principles was presented CHANGING THEIR HABITS OF LIVbeen in the field six months or more by the author to the Elders the folING IN THE MISSIONS. PERMA-—is notably absent in those just arlowing day and unanimously acNENT GOOD OR PERMANENT riving from home. It gradually incepted. The program included a DAMAGE MAY RESULT, WHICH IS creases, as the months slip by, but

morning run, carefully regulated at THE CONCERN OF THIS ARTICLE, after ten or more months there seems first as to speed and distance, a cold DESCRIBING A NOTABLE EXPERIto be little change.

rubdown immediately upon the end MENT. At first the program aroused some

of the run at the lodge, followed by resistance, as a number of missionbreathing and resistance exercises. aries did not see where it fitted into

The run was to be gradually inAs a preliminary, each Elder was the schedule of missionary work. A

creased both as to time and distance examined and a careful physical few explanations and a tryout conuntil at least one mile was covered. record made. These examinations verted the most skeptical. Many

That the run should end at the lodge demonstrated the truth of the rethought the cold rubdown would with free perspiration, in order that laxation theory. The letdown was be difficult as few of the lodges had

the cold rubdown could be taken on so serious in some cases that speboths, none had showers. It was

a warm body, was stressed. cial buildingup exercises were (Concluded on page 575)

SALE! NO A SHORT SHORT the cherries, and here's a piece of

'pie 'em."from AN Spellman she made was STORY the

It set wasn'tdiscouraged.D,"Everything,"the plate on till she he muttered to himself, "holds me down. the table that Dan found voice to

I never get a break."He turned By MARY reply, "You give her my thanks.

back to the house, avoiding from And she can have more cherries ifforce of habit the rotten boards in ELIZABETH BOUCK she wants 'em."

the walk, and slumped down on the porch steps. He drew the letter from /\fter the child had left

its envelop again and started to unhe realized what he had done.

fold it; then thrust it back into the "Givin'away my cherries when

envelop. No need to read it again; they're all I got to sell this summer,"

he knew what it said: His sister, he muttered to himself. "Well,

Libbie, recently widowed, was going maybe she won't want but a few.

to move in on him. "As if,"he exAnyway it was wuth it,"he conclaimed in exasperation, "I don't cluded as he took a large bite of the

have it hard enough just to keep mypie.

self going! Why can't she go to However, Dan little realized what

Charley's folks?"But even as he he had started. Next morning while

said it, he reahzed deep in his own he was picking cherries to take to heart that if Libbie were alone and the store where he hoped Nick Eldpoor she belonged with her brother ridge would sell them on commisand not with her inlaws. To do him sion, Mrs. Lovett came. She was

justice, it wasn't that he had any real Mrs. Smythe's sister.

resentment against Libbie; it was "Oh, Mr. Spellman,"she called

only that the idea of the added financheerfully as she came under the cial burden appalled him. tree where he was picking, Tve

For years Dan Spellman had come begging."

saved every penny he could possibly "You've come to a poor place,"lay hands on in his endeavor to "get returned Dan, growing apprehenahead,"as he termed it. He never sive.

wasted anything; he never gave ries. He couldn't afford to let them "I just want a few of those delianything away; he belonged to no rot on the trees. cious cherries like you gave my sister

clubs. But money kept getting At the corner of High Street he yesterday,"she explained. "I'm

scarcer and scarcer. And now here met little Betty Smythe. Smythes having guests to dinner and I want

was Libbie coming to live with him! were Dan's neighbors across the to make a cobbler."

He arose from the sagging steps street and he and Mr. Smythe some- "Sure, help yourself,"said Dan,

and went into the house. Everything times worked on carpentering jobs but fear smote him. Suppose all the

was shabby, from the window together. They were nice people, neighbors came asking for fruit?

shades to the furniture. Well, perand Betty was a nice child. Dan He pondered the problem over his

haps when Libbie saw how he was hadn't tried to sell his cherries there; dinner, and decided he'd better not

fixed, she'd realize that he couldn't they had never bought any from him. give away anything more. "She

possibly support her and would "O! What grand cherries!"exdidn't even offer me any cobbler,"

make other arrangements. With claimed Betty as he overtook her. he thought.

that, his first impulse to tell her not "And they're deehcious,"she addThat night when he was cleaning to come gave way to the idea of ed, after sampling the handful Dan up after his meagre supper, Mrs.

letting her decide for herself that offered her. Lovett came again, "Mr. Spellshe couldn't stay. Dan smiled as he noticed her man,"she asked, "have you any

He picked up an old lard pail from stained lips. "You can have 'em more cherries?"

table bring to the all,"kitchen the out he said went on impulse, "Just and is—"stammered "Yes—no—that

cherries pick back."he might After all, yard. He'd a few back my pail to say hardly knowing Dan, what

and sell them. Better get what he as well give those few away since to such a direct question.

could from the cherries; he'd have he couldn't sell them. And again "If you have,"she continued withno peaches at all this year. his spirits sank. out noticing his perturbation, "my

With his pailful as samples he set It was while he was eating his guests want some. They'd Hkc a

out around the neighborhood. But supper that Betty returned the pail. bushel."

his usual "luck,"as he was wont to She stood in the doorway, her eyes A bushel! His heart gave a

term it, accompanied him. Nobody not quite accustomed to the combound. That was a real order. "Yes,

wanted cherries. If they hadn't alparative darkness of the room, and yes, I have 'em,"he told Mrs Lovett.

ready bought, they weren't buying; extended a plate toward him, a plate "I can pick 'em in the morning."

and several people were out. Dison which reposed a large piece of My! But he was glad now that he'd

couraged, he turned back home. He pie. Dan could hardly believe his given Mrs. Lovett those few for her

had walked blocks in the hot sun and eyes—it was so long since he'd had cobbler.

not an order! And he must find any pie. But Betty spoke cheerThe next week Mrs. Lovett came

some way to dispose of those cherfully, "Mama says thank you for {Continued on page 559) OLD JUNIPER JARDINE //

Ridge in Cottonwood bormountains the By H.V.HALL Rainsinto thethatrackfollowedand frostsentpriedwaterit wider.down WasatchON soil filled the in widening, dering Logan, each With OF MEANS EASE OFTEN Utah, A LIFE it until in places juniper was a is twentyredstands which space added

DECAY. ThIS IS TRUE EARLY wide. ofsix feet in circumfereight an inch inches about onetwentieth

IT AS MEN, IS OF TREES—AND feet OF fortyfour onehalfence, little green cushion appeared a and Then

IS STORY A HERE OF A FIGHT it."hligh, estimated to along more than be

three thousand years old. Since FOR LIFE. "Oh, that was moss,"supplied

trees of this variety rarely live more Reggie McCann. "We saw some

than five hundred years, this one has on our hike today. It grows only

become celebrated. It has been He laughed it to scorn, ashamed of during warm, wet weather. The

called "The Old Juniper,""Old himself for such a feeling. As time rest of the time it just dries up and

Utah,"and "Old Juniper Jardine."wore on, the spot grew, almost imwaits for water and sunshine."

for rock, to perceptibly a even few latter, accepted the name, wasThe Scout- "Right,"complimented in indeed, to the years come, were it in in ofgiven 1924 about honor the as moss Brooks, "and master it little to given a the hours absorb a former graduate Jardine,William soil. it action collected The grew dissolve plant moisture, food from at the Agriculturalof College Utah centuries, in frost able, of many was its with spread the rock enzyme, and at that timeLogan, Secrewas who into a crevice crack the out to push its thin, into cautious the growth the Agriculture oftary of United half wide. a inch about and an it layer formed."hard which is story followingStates. based The

on a visit made to the tree by the "I know what that was,"chal- "Now, Chuck the chipmunk had author and upon information oblenged Pert Rogers, ever on the been playing aimlessly over the old tained from Dr. George R. Hill and alert. "That was the crustose lichen rock all summer. But one day in

Maurice B. Lindford, both formerly you told us about today."autumn he felt an irresistible urge to

connected with the Botany Depart- "Yes,"continued Mr. Brooks, gather and store food. So this day

ment of the Utah Agricultural Col- "the first of the lichens to begin he came haltingly, sniffing the air lege: growth on any barren rock surface. and scanning the earth. With a

The little black spot became almost start, his eyes caught sight of the pLiCKERiNG shafts of firelight forgotten in those countless days of crevice in the rock. The top part

chased dark shadows in and out little disturbance which followed. had been filled with earth and debris,

among the willows along the banks Had the old rock taken the trouble leaving a dark, dry cave beneath.

of Logan River. The river played to observe closely, he might have He surveyed it with eyes, ears, and

cautiously as though as he had that quite noticed face nose a part of his over as it dashed accompanimentan 'thing,'it before. never seen Jst the becoming black. covered with Scouts, was Boythe rocks. A dozen

having finished their evening meal, He would also have noticed that said Chuck half aloud. Then the

had piled the fire high with sagebright orange and yellow spots work began. He flitted here and

brush and seated themselves crosshad begun growing atop the darted there, always on the lookout legged around it. Scoutmaster Ben black ones. These were thicker for enemies, chattering and carrying

Brooks was speaking: and required more moisture. They cedar berries all the while. When

the task was nearly completed and "Once upon a time—no one also grew faster and dissolved

he had about two quarts of ripe nutsknows hoW long ago—high upon the the rock more readily. Their greater

slopes of a mountain, sat a mammoth need for moisture was answered by safely tucked into storage, Chuck boulder. It was polished, rather their ability to retain more moisture. awoke one morning to find the mouth

than worn, by the grinding of wind These are called foliose lichens. But of his home blocked with snow. 'A

and rain. So long had it stood thus the rock did not think about these little early for winter, I think, but

imbedded in the limestone ledge, things with their possible damaging I couldn't have done much mnrewithstanding the forces of erosion effects upon him. anyway.'

without flinching, that it had begun "One day following a long Oc- "The snow piled high and fro"*"to think that no power on earth could tober rain the sky cleared suddenly took a death grip on everything withdo it harm. and the frost came. In olden days in its frigid grasp. But Chuck kep*

"One day a tiny black speck came the rock would have dried quickly, warm and snug with plenty to eat.

drifting through the air and chanced so as not to be affected. This time, Yes, he had more than he could eat,

to fall upon the rock. Night came however, he remained wet. He could for when the warm sun of sprina

and with it a heavy dew, which alfeel the particles of water forming began to melt his icy barricade, there lowed the speck to fasten its tiny teninto ice crystals right beneath his were berries left. As the snow retacles around the almost microscopic very surface. He soon found that ceded and the ice melted, water beparticles of its host so firmly that it when water freezes into ice it exgan to creep down the walls of the

could not be blown away. A few pands. He fought desperately to cave, making it unfit for a dwelling

in strain place. broken, followed but the avoid being weather of wet Chuck moved warm,days out—just

great. time, too, ever blotch. so black into sooner left for he was too a little had no grewand it A crack,

Such a harmless intruder, strange slight, snapped right through the than the ceiling collapsed and spoilthat the rock should feel uneasy. middle of him, from top to bottom. ed his home forever. The berries

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1939

left over from Chuck's store became cause enmity, each one with all the ing against these narrow confines wet, and were then cracked open rest. And so they pushed, pinched, and he couldn't see that he had

by spring frosts, so that when and crowded each other until but widened them a bit. He had whipwarmer weather arrived, a row of two were left. ped mere trees. Now he must be

fuzzy, green heads came through "These two stood hardened and stronger than a stone. So he patched

the soil along the crack—a family of gnarled, mere saplings, each grimly his broken root system, sent new

young junipers. awaiting the day when the other roots into deeper soil and crevices

"The old rock mumbled sadly to should succumb to the rigors of life among the rocks, everywhere hunhimself. 'So it's come to this, has and leave the precious spot to him grily searching for food and moisit? And it all started away back alone. At length came a year when ture. He padded himself above and

that time when I harbored that inlittle snow had fallen in the winter below ground with a thick, spongy, nocentlooking little black speck of and the hot days of June gave way impervious layer of bark, for he had a lichen. I was young and strong to the scorching weeks of July and come to know that he was destined

and handsome and bold. It grew to fight for life against the old rock,

on me like a bad habit. I thought it the battlescarred veteran of the

fun at first. I thought I could throw mountain.

it off any time I wanted to. Now "The complete history of this tree

look at me. Blotched, scabby, and its struggle must be read from

rough, all over my face. My body the tree itself. Stories of great

filled with little seams and cracks. storms, of fires, of erosion of the

Chips lying all around me scaled mountain upon which it stands are in off by the frost. That big crack the autobiography. Huge branches

running right through the middle of torn from his side, fire scars burned me. Played host to a chipmunk. into his ankles, and mighty roots

Then this nest of little trees taking once buried in the crevices of the possession of me. Yes, I have many limestone, but now left extending in

weaknesses, all right, but I'm still midair—these and many other

the rock monarch of the mountain, pages lie open for him who will read.

and I'm going to fight this latest All this has been in progress now

strength.'enemy with"the last ounce of my ifforyouaboutcouldthreehavethousandwatchedyears,it closelyand

"How long ago was that?"asked for the lifetime of any of the old

Jerry Jones. men you know, you might have seen

The Scoutmaster pondered a mothe crack widen about two inches.

ment. "According to the record of When the tree was left alone he was

annual rings which the tree has kept about two hundred years old and in his trunk, it was about the time two inches in diameter. For the next

that Moses led the Children of twentyseven hundred years he grew

Israel across the Red Sea out of their along at the rate of about three

Egyptian bondage. inches each hundred years. The

"The little trees had not lived roots were flattened, knotted, and long until they realized that life on twisted into numerous uncomfortable this earth held some stern realities shapes, but the tree grew at almost which meant a struggle for existence. the normal rate. Grudgingly but

When the blistering days of June OLD "JUNIPER JARDINE"steadily the rock gave way. In

arrived, the scanty soil of their about 1 850 a fire swept the hillside nursery was insufficient to hold the August. Then October and Noand left many charred stumps where

small amount of moisture necessary vember came along to freeze the trees had been. Evidently the rock

to carry all of them over the dry days thirsty rootlets. Many a fine sapling had rved as a barrier, for the

of early summer. By the middle of neighbor to whom early life had juniper was not killed. A good many

July, when the thunder showers bebeen more gentle lost all signs of of his limbs were destroyed and his gan, all of those living on the ends life while the two in the rock strugtrunk was damaged, however, and of the row, and many of the others, gled on, each pitted against the since that time he has grown very had perished of thirst. Of course, other, until the one whose roots were slowly."

some of them had never been strong a little more active and daring, as "Well, how long do you think the anyway. well as a little more fortunate, had fight will last, and who do you think

reached beyond the crack into the will win it?"This from Bud Kil-

"TROUTH ended, those remaining soil outside. There, deep beneath gore.

were quick to forget the trials the surface, was moisture. The "It's hard to say how long it will

of hard times and spend all their other died. It seemed for a time that last,"pondered the narrator. "Since

energy reaching outward and upthe fight was ended. Then the its discovery in 1923 by Maurice

ward. They didn't mourn the loss space left by the one was filled by Lindford, its position has been made

of their brothers and sisters. They the other. Then only was he to known to the U. S. Forest Service.

were relieved to have the added discover that the enemy which he A fence has been placed around it room in which to grow and expand. and his fellows had been fighting so to protect it from civilization. This

Indeed, not many years had passed desperately was the rock, the very has not been easy, for souvenir before the contest to see who should rock which had furnished him with hunters are not always kind to die and give way, or live and domisuch a protecting cradle in his ingrand old trees. As to who will win,

nate had become so intense as to fancy. All his life he had been fight- {Concluded on page 559}

FARMER PREFERRED By LAREE SPENCER

-L ROFESSOR Jonathan PD. (John) Jones bounded up the

wide mountain of steps fronting his house three at a time. After one

look at his face, Marjorie, his wife, knew he hadn't heard the French screen door bang after him.

"Oh, Marge, I've something to tell you I"By now Marjorie had the idea.

"Yes, I know; you're going to

write a new book."

When John had that look there was nothing to be done except hold one's peace until the book was finished.

"Start packing, dearest; we're

leaving the first of next week!"

Marjorie sighed; where did he

hope to find atmosphere this time?

"The seashore?"she inquired.

John stared at her, blankly.

"BUT FARM? WHY A "The seashore?"Then he YOUR LATEST BOOK,laughed. ISN'T FARMING, ABOUT

HER. We're going to pay ATwest—home!"Heavens no. We're going out EVENAGAINOFF JOHNTHE PRESS."STARED ON EARTH ARE "WHAT

a visit."your folks and mine TALKING ABOUT?"YOU

"But why a farm? Your latest

book, about farming, isn't even off the press.""What I'd like to know is how get the soil in your shoes you'll not

Again John stared at her. come we're doing it this year?"be able to shake it out."

"What on earth are you talking Then John remembered he hadn't "That's just it."John's eyes had

about?"told her about the letter. "Of a determined look. "I'm going to

"Why, the book you're going to course, darling. Well, it's Aunt show Aunt Sarah the farm can't afwrite. That's what we're making Sarah,"fect me. I'll plow up the ground

the trip for, isn't it?"John drew a letter from his inner and milk the cows for Aunt Sarah.

John's chuckle evidenced relief. coat pocket, I'll go over and thin your dad's beets.

I'll everything. at a turn letter take In fact, read you her for "Here—I'll a stumped min- "You had me

I'll fall in I'm thankful the be 'Dear that morning: And came thisute. put his Marge."about arm He slave and a fool."her shoulders and lifted her chin. Jonathan: I hope your vacation not a farmer—a

"Listen, dading, there'll be no writplans are not made this year. I'm

ing this time. We're going home presuming they're not, so I'm offerfor a complete change of atmosphere ing you a challenge: Since your Xhe Jones'house was a

five father's from years frame, set well I've twostory death back ago real vacation."—a to unsuccessfully wellkept get fronted back the road you and by a Marjorie was still unconvinced. tried tulip the neat, semicircular old you lawn. homestead on where A

"But why a vacation at home? belong. Now, John, I dare you to bed bloomed on each side of the

Don't tell me you expect to enjoy come home and spend this one vafront porch. Beyond were the hugethe visit—not after three years of cation. If at the end of that period red bam and other outbuildings, and

reminding me how you despise a you still think it advisable to sell the the vast fields stretching a seemingly farm."place I shall be ready to accompany endless distance; some pasture land,

"Oh, it's not the farm itself that you and Marjorie back to Boston. a few patches of plowed earth

gets the me; it's hard I shall vast, crops; work worry to seeing and green young, look forward "you sprouting

It'sof a farm. swell a place to fields. spend soon. Love, indeed uncultivated Aunt Sarah.* Here

a vacation. I don't know why we Marjorie had the idea. "I know was a kingdom.

haven't done it before."what she's up to. She thinks if you And so it seemed to Marjorie as

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1939

she and John looked the place over. her marriage to John's father. The John looked at Marjorie. "'What

She wondered if John saw as she meal was flawless. do you suppose struck her?"

did a pathetic, neglected kingdom John's sense of chivalry prompted Marjorie hadn't time to reply, for without a king. If so, what would him to speak: "I'd almost forgotten Aunt Sarah could be heard arguing

be his reaction? what a good cook you are, Aunt with Jim.

Together they explored John's old Sarah. When we get back to BosWhen Aunt Sarah entered, aproom. Aunt Sarah had completelyton, you "can give our cook a few parently a little better composed,

redecorated it. The substantial old pointers! she said, "I'd better give Jim a raise.

fourposter bed, however, was still Aunt Sarah concealed her disapWhen a hired man starts gossiping pointment. Nothing seemed to touch it's a definite sign of an inferioritythere—with John's initials carved in

the right head poster. Many new John. He remained as immovable complex."

books had been added to those John John was astounded at Aunt had loved as a child. Sarah's sense of humor. One minMarjorie was moved to exclaim: ute she was keyed up to the storming

"What an adorable room."point, the next she was actually reaThere was the picture of John soning.Aunt Sarah continued, "Every

seated upon Dolly, the young riding time a farmer has a crop failure, old he'd beenmare so proud of—his Titus Green his propertv buys up

gifttenth birthday his father. from

it is, half for about its value—that fishingHis old rod the high and

tell the farmer to hasn't the nerverubber boots he'd also worn were

I off. it to in him told where get himevidence. thrilled sight at the John

aflfair if his was none of land ourof treasures. his boyhood practically had idle been past the

Marjorie hadn't failed to notice five years."

the abundant shade tree outside the So Titus Green had wanted to buy south window. Some loving parent the place!

had planned this room. "How much did he offer you,

She turned beaming eyes upon Aunt Sarah?"John ventured.

John. "If we have a son, this will Aunt Sarah's disgust was evident:

be his room!""Twenty thousand! Why, the place

John seized her shoulders, bringis worth thirty thousand without the ing her face to face with him. stock and equipment."

"What are you talking about, John reasoned: Maybe she wasyoung lady? We're going back to right—half right, anyway. The

Boston."place might be worth that much if

Marjorie blushed; why had she cultivated and the proper drainage

said that? Of course they were goapplied.

ing back to Boston. "That might be so. Aunt Sarah,

True to his word, John plowed a but no one can expect full value on tenacre field. Marjorie and Aunt a quick sale. You might not get

Sarah walked out to meet him and another offer this year or the next. You want to get the place off yourlook over his work. The aroma of hands before you leave for Boston,freshly earth plowed reminded Mardon't you?"jorie of childhood. her own The "Whoever told Jim I was leavinglong furrows. Aunt Sarah and Marfor Boston?"jorie noticed, straight were even. and

"I suppose I did,"John confessed.

John himself decided it wasn't John's heart went out to Aunt such a bad job. "Well, there it is, Sarah, but what he did not know

Aunt Sarah. Jim can start planting was that she had been boasting to

tomorrow."the neighboring farmers that he

doing; "Nothing you're to going be would to coming resoon home JOHN'S FATHERIN-LAW STARING STOOD this field."plant Sarah Aunt was HIM. claim the INSTEAD OF BEING GRATEFUL AT land the place and make

firm. REVELATION, THIS FOR HE WAS it UNREAwhat better. had She RESENTFUL. SONABLY been—or rebelled. "I get John you. You resolved that this. he'd never know

ifthink field I have of a wheat my right, I'll sell "All place. the John.own—as the iron bars of a prison. A knock I'll drive over to Titus Green's office

"You're not afraid of yourself?"on the front door broke up Aunt next week and close the deal. You

reflections.Aunt Sarah was enjoying the situSarah's started She for can visit Marjorie's folks a couple

ation. the living drifted voice room. Her like of weeks or as long as you'd

But John was not to be outdone. to the kitchen. Something annoyed and I shall be ready to accompany

"Where's the wheat?"her, it seemed. The front door you back to Boston when you've

One evening at the end of the banged. A moment later, Aunt done your visiting."

first month they were finishing dinSarah stormed into the kitchen.

ner. that Aunt Sarah must "Where's have sensed Jim?"tried to think not J<OHN

crisis.'the approaching She had Marjorie John and sacrifice this said nothing. about the thing was

combined her best Boston cookery Then Aunt Sarah disappeared costing Aunt Sarah. The sooner

with the tricks she'd learned since through the back door. {Continued on page 560)

7Ac PROTESTORS OF

church had retained too much of the

Catholic worship. CHRISTENDOM

When Mary succeeded Edward on the English throne, Knox fled to xviii. htL JOwx Dieppe (France). At Dieppe, he

married Marjory Bowes. In 1554,

By JAMES L BARKER totheFrankfurtEnglish refugees( Germanywho), calledhad himfled

Head of the Department of Modern Languages at to be their pastor. His excessive

the University of Utah, and a Member of the GenCalvinism (Puritanism) and critieral Board of the Deseret Sunday School Union cism of the Book of Common Prayer shocked many of them and, after

TThe Puritanism of Scotland became that of much strife with the party of Richfor left Frankfurt he

) to be one of two ( 1 556 England, of New England.—Thomas Carlyle. ardGenevaCox,

pastors of the English refugee colony there until 1 559. However, in 1 555THENeitherearly lifethe ofplaceKnoxnoris obscure.date of andKnoxhestoodwas withby readyhim onto defendthe eveninghim, and,56 he inwas155758,nine monthsten inmonthsScotlandin

his birth is definitely known. preceding his capture by Bothwell Dieppe (France) where he organHe was probably born at Giffordsat midnight. Wishart was burned ized a Protestant congregation.

gate, either in 1513 or 1514. It is as a heretic at St. Andrews. CarMiles Coverdale, the translator of

thought that he was a student at the dinal Beaton, who had watched the the Bible, was a member of Knox's

University of Glasgow or, more sufferings of the martyr from his iJn England the beginnings of the Reformation were probably, at the University of St. palace window, was assassinated politicaltitle, "Defenderrather thanof thereligious.Faith"byAfterhis defenseobtainingof thethe

Luther, VIII had Henry title withAndrews, which he may have left shortly thereafter, supposedly by SevencontinuedSacramentsto maintainagainstthe the swordfollowing the martyrdom of Patrick friends of Wishart. Knox took the gallows. He had married his brother's widow,and

Hamilton. He became private tutor refuge with a group including those CatherineIsabella, sixof Aragon,years histhesenior.daughterAfterof Ferdinandmany yearsandof

life six married the birth children, of of and whom in the for Beaton's death childrento the Douglas and responsible of Hugh for survived, love led was Henry by his Mary alone castle of St. theto Andrews and laird of was Ormiston. son of the the of arguments Boleyn Cranmer and Anne Thomas

It is also said that he entered the chosen by them to be their preacher that(Lev.the18:16;marriage20:21)withas Catherineearly as 1527had beento theuncanonical,conviction

to in sin. tried living that and he minister. was Wolsey that the declared practiced as and He andRoman priesthood

secure of the marriage an annulment from Pope the clergy, lives of the awful Romanapostolic at Haddington. notary fearful Catherine's of who, nephew, Clement VII

However, not much is known of his corrupt doctrine of the Roman CharlesCambridgeV,professor,refused. ThomasFollowingCranmer,the adviceHenry securedof the

expression universities, of the favorable opinion of an from false pretensions church, thelife and 1 544. before

in all of then part. clergy the having with charged He of the that the church proved pope legate, authority as recognized the papal of Wolsey of minority the During to contrary statute of old James V an 1353. had Henry Though Christ,"the of not body "was Rome authority, this recognized the secured clergy same doctrines the reformed(151342),

the of a of pardon huge and payment by celebrated money, sum he Holy and Communion in in convocation, single declared and "to Scotland be adopted Henryhad been pattern. the to by according Genevan as far the allows, of as law Lord, Christ and nobility. the of VIII Henrymany even of of the supreme Church England. head"St. castle of Andrews The

to of the without annates was Thesupreme pope payment (1532) histried the to induce son of James, fleet, the the king's consent In forbidden. convocation, taken French was and by Knox

in joinsister the legisall to clergy to ecclesiastical agreed opposition submit Margaret, new France, to sent rowed, he where was lation to a king, the commission appointed and byto a but pope, the concluded James all In forbade appeals to Rome. (1533) seat, galleys of Parliament his to in the chained

the year, choice same Cranmer, Henry's Thomas Lorraine, themarriage with de Marie river as Loire. the archbishop of confirmed Canterbury, was Pope by

sister of the Guises, Catholic Clement, later and months derendered a Cranmer Two politics religion elsewhere, and As cision that null to marriage Henry's Catherine and was alliance France. withformed an War void. to for waiting validity as the a decision While in Scotland. closely interwoven were

of his marriage Catherine, already Henry had outbroke England between and VIII, secretly After threatthe death married of Henry Boleyn. Anneto Clement Pope

the victorfollowing pressure and, withScotland ened excommunication. Henry Under five of Scots), (Queen now Mary from all Parliament Henry, payments forbade (1534)ious for English, the outcome James'to the of authority, papal pope recognition and old, to again betrothed was

the declaring and king the passed Act Supremacyall daughter, oldsevenday king. hating the But of earth Mary yearsEdward, of "the only supreme the new on Church head

theStuart, regent betrothed priestthe to not ordain England."could he by was Though for alliance fearing a Protestant and correct appoint "abuses,"bishops, could Henry ofArran, with son Henry Edward, Parlia- "heresies,"put of and was now by act safety, mother, her her de hood,redress Mary

in the the of place ment pope. Beaton,VIII. however, Cardinal to besent Guise, her France and of Carthusian number Bishop monks. John A

(later possession ofsecured Fisher, ecclesithe and denied Moore, Mary Thomas who heir the of the trothed her to French astical of the king, supremacy executed. were the forced regent Scots), ofQueen the to his for powerful Another opposition motive II. later throne, Francis

desire property. pope for the church Henry's was allianceto English give and up the rigors suffered to visit the report Cromwell authorized After was and had Thomas Knox

faith. It duringthe Protestant the the on condition following was monasteries and, of for months, eighteen galleys the of his all report. unfavorable Parliament monadjudged that thatthe persecution followed asteries of less than having annual income an two his release the govsecured by was

assigns, to heirs king, "his the hundred pounds and associate as appears an KnoxJohn wills."his use their to do therewith of went and VI, and and he ernment own Edward

of a Lutheran, rest Wishart, In of confiscation the secured George 1539, the Henry Scottish border, who to on the Berwick of of the monasteries. with the exception However, studied and takenhad in Germany the of his of the assertion authority that over own years. preached for two he where

pope, Catholic. orthodox an Henry was in Scotland.refuge

officiated at to with in Later he orthodox, that regard Newcastle except he show was To

It was in 1545 that John Knox the title of royal chaplain. It is said ofthe theauthoritySix Articlesof the pope,Act, Henryassertingsecuredthe doctrinesthe passageof

came in contact with George Wisthat he refused the bishopric at transsubstantiation,for the clergy, and confession.communion in one form, celibacy

hart. While Wishart preached, Rochester because the English Such concessions as Henry did make to Lutheranism

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1939

Genevan congregation. In Geneva testant faith. In this "Covenant,"gent, Marie de Guise, had already

were born his two sons, Nathaniel they designated themselves as the assembled troops, partly French, and Eleazar. "Congregation of Christ"and the and the Protestants were also takFor poHtical reasons, Marie de Catholics as the "Congregation of ing measures to defend themselves.

Guise adopted a tolerant religious Satan."A week after his arrival, Knox

policy when Knox returned to ScotMary of England died November preached against the mass in St.

land in 155556. He praised her 17, 1558. If Elizabeth were conJohn's Church, Perth. While the

"moderation and clemency"in a sidered illegitimate, as held by the congregation was breaking up, a letter to her and tried to win her Catholics, then Mary, Queen of priest began the celebration of the support. However, he was cited by Scots, was heir to the English throne mass; a boy protested, was struck

the bishops to Edinburgh to be tried in the right of her grandmother Marby the priest, and threw a stone, for heresy. He obeyed the sumgaret, the sister of Henry VIII. breaking an image, and the civil

mons, but the bishops, receiving no But possession of the English throne war had begun that was to cease support from the regent, dropped could be secured only by the aid of only with the death of Marie de the accusation. the strong English Catholic party. Guise in June, 1560.

Back in Geneva again, he pubIf Mary were to be considered a 'nox was active as adviser in the lished a number of tracts bearing on good Catholic and secure the sup- K- negotiations with England and affairs.Scotch of these. One that the preacher. declared The as HeFirst Blast Against Trumpet of the did not desire to change reformers

the Monstrous Regiment of Women, authority, but to reform religion, was a violent attack on Queen Mary suppress idolatry, and "to cleanse of England without forgetting Marie the temple."After the defeat of

Scottish the regent, Guise,de and Sterling at troops the by Reformed all Medici, ofCatherine de whom troops, declared the French Knox bitterly to Protestantwere opposed prevail, their bethat cause must itism; later offense to gave Queen the truth it "is eternal of the cause

Elizabeth. eternal God."

their inspiration from TakingTn 1 557, the most powerful members dehis hearers preaching, Knox's of the Reformed Party drew up stroyed crosses, images, stained a "Covenant"to defend the Proglass windows, and monasteries.

like hishe made, marriage of Cleves. to Anne the Knox is quoted as saying, "Destroy

sister of the of wife the Elector for politof Saxony, ical reasons: in 1536 he drafted ten articles recognizing the nests and the crows will not

baptism,three sacraments: penance, and the Lord's

supper; and the Bible, the Apostle's, Nicene. and return."

creeds;Athanasian and the four first councils as the He declared against kneeling at

faith.standards of

The young king, Edward VI, and the regent, the the mass and took the position of duke of Somerset, the brother of Edward's mother, Zwingli, Calvin, and the Puritans inclinedJane were Seymour, strong motives by two to Protestantism: legitimacy the defense of Edward's that "all worship invented by the

gain. In the desire forand 1547, the endowed

chapels for the saying of masses, the "chantries,"brain of man, without God's express confiscated,were the Articles Six VIII, of Henry in doctrine,Catholic repealed, were images and were JOHN KNOX command, is idolatry,""Partly removed the from of the priests legalized. was churches. AndIn 1549,Parliamentthe marriagepassed through Knox's influence, in Edwhile ward's Book, Prayerthe Second requiring Uniformity the of of the Act use Pirst port of Catholics, Prothe English of largelyPrayer the VI, of work Book Edward re- (at kneeling was Communion) it still is In respectsCranmer. most the of Book in testantism her suppressed be must

it anointing contained but Prayer, the sick,Common intained, existing rubric the was prayers for burials, dead, country. the at Following marthe communion and own

.. serted declaring kneelthat byanointing baptisms, exorcisms and at soon thereafter to riage Francis, of her mothMaryto be abandoned. either ing is intended no.adoration preparation a six of creed submitted The was felt strong Guise, er, Marie de

theologians, of one. John was Knox whom of toThey or the of elements sacramental

to the "* the Protestants. Articles.drew up Fortytwo defy enough The

flesh blood.'Christ's 'natural and of the in the death did 1553, country Edward On laws against heresy renewed. were to rallynot the support of Grey, Jane Lady on whom efforts reof the at the Alarmedthe settled, illegally succession had been acbut preacher, Protestant Walter The

theclaimed of of daughter faith, Catherine Mary, Aragon, to restore the gent Roman Mill, priest, Catholic athough former to she Catholic. be was Parliament was known of the convention persuaded Knoxdeclared marriage the to of valid. mother her Henry in his eightysecond burned year to Philip, married sonMary the of was Charles V. to 21, at Edinburgh (October 1559) Catholic again of countryThe vote became Parby Perth. out, rebellion broke and Aliament restoration first, but without the confiscated of her. the depose Reformed At obliged to grant property. Guise Marie dechurch repealed was of Parliament the

later, beaten, the party with but wasecclesiastical legislation of the reigns of VIII allHenry tolerance. rehgious also promSheand the against old and reenacted laws VI Edward fleet, its held of English help an

heresy. that the persecution In followed, Latimer, to to return ised soldiers the French

Ridley, three others Hooper, and some bed, death hundred de were her Marie own. On France, took of but advantageburned. of the withdrawal advised Guise five of the Elizabeth, later years advent (1558), On Francis'the ascending throne theParliament country voted Elizagain. Protestant the the English French both and

religious, inabeth not but of the Catholic view was their increase to number. { 1559)

attitude the marriage of troops. towards mother, her withdrawn Anne were and They

inreligion.Boleyn, ParliaProtestant Scottish she the reformers now The Protestant the establishment of thement a voted Act, Elizabeth Supremacy making favoredNew to to Scotland. return Knox ofSupreme the church. Governess Likewise, set up vited religion retention the or of Caththe scriptures, the first decisions four of the itGeneral of at Leith the landed on 2nd He its religionCouncils, national the olicism of decisions heresy. as tests and as own was

All Protestant Parker, of the the 1559. archbishop of Canterbury, Mathew May, new left to (August, the Convention ordainedwas Barlow, Scory, William by Miles John at meeting refused a were demandsCoverdale, themselves Hodgkin, and had John who ), virtually acting a parliament 1 560been ordained bishops under VIII and Henry Edward of nobility in clergy the and king. or Episcopalians affirm EdinwithoutVI. this regent that preordination

served burgh. succession; the apostolic of Protestant Catholics number deny A the Scots adopted The Convention Articles Fortytwo The were shortenedit. revised and ministers were to come to summoned thirtynine.to {Continued 562) page on

politReformation The in England was social and ical, in each case, the religion the and adopted by Sterling for a trial and outlawed Henry Cowan in Hastings, Encyclopedia of i?e-sovereign determined the religion of the country. when they did not come. The religion and Ethics, article "Knox."

jM. NATIVE BLOOD

my dearest friend in all these loneBy ALBERT R. LYMAN some years. After a vicious bull

killed his mother, he and I were the

presented his evidence, in Peejo the and by Down FAR: THUS STORY he's I didn't but not a worldbeater.THE only Navajos in Texas. He's fast, the issue in terms left wager of the the o/ the was the Navajos, land where think he could win this race, and confusion, but finally decided great, it was to run Valley o/ shapes weird Monument

punctuate the skyline of the Southwest, the races again, for which Peejo brought the Colonel was sure he couldn't, but

Yoinsnez and his son and his daughter, in a black horse from Texas and the Badger I brought him here to prove what I imported a the racehorse in Eltceesie, famous lived Paneighboring from a hogan, tried to the prove herded when we coast. Peejo trainer little also brought his Peejo. decific a Husteele son, But and I that sheep, quit never till I'm to get in and began shape footrace. for the spite their in things neighborliness all other

there grew a bitter rivalry between the Then came Natawney Begay and challenglicked."two for the capture of a phantom horse—ed Peejo to wrestle and quickly threw Jumping up he hurried over to the

fall. first the on Peejo thlizhen stallionBeleeh brought Then of Peejo his and shed threw around arms (Blackhorse)—a

skill the allconsuming that and determinationArabian type fullgrown appeared on Billy's his neck, pressing cheek into lifetime play to of a line, win the next twoHuskaniny the UtahArizona on Mesa stallion's the great, soulful the humiliation all the against falls—to capture, Begay his defied efforts ofand which and for

whether of trickery, stealth, or force. As satisfaction of Eltceesie. Peejo also won eye. Eltceesie had followed him inthe occupants of each hogan would attempt the footrace which Begay insisted on enterstinctively, and she saw the deep ating latter's to the his much sorrow, capture, the then occupants and the other of tachment between the black horse

while rested the Peejo lie in for to wait afternoon horsewould rivals if their see were his master. race, Eltceesie insisted his tellingsuccessful. on the and them Suddenly, however, the dread

influenza struck the hogan of Yoinsnez, story of Blackhorse. which he did by re- "There's just one person in all crushing the life from his son and prosvealing that Blackhorse was dead, but that this big world—"and the Navajo

trating all others. While their rivals were this horse he now had was a colt of the boy paused while he tightened his

so stricken, stallion's archedagain to capture HusteeleBlackhorse—butand Peejo withoutsought former invincible steed. arms around the

success. the devastating Then plague

ited the hogan Husteele. of days later, Ten visConclusion neck,this big"there'sworld justthat onecouldpersonget mein allto

after Yoinsnez had finally gained strength stake Billy on a race."

enough to visit his neighbor and rival, only elevenyear-old Peejo was still alive. YoinBut the eager crowd, keeping its

snez took the boy to his own roof and.HAT horse under watches for three o'clock to come,cared for him. He also took Husteele's the shed is ttTBlackhorse's colt,"Peejo knew nothing about Billy, nor the

horses herds and and mingled with them bones over in the rocks. They his own, and burned Husteele's hodown talked about thlizhen, Beleeh though ingan to an effort blot out the epidread mother—Tillegoexplained. "TheandblackBlueblazesmare is arehis white

demic. Yoinsnez's first feeling of compashis brothers."not one of them could pronouncesion soon, however, turned to rising resent- "What—"and the old man's eyes the name correctly. They mouthed

bitterment distrust and Peejo when seemed as they name the repeated story at opened widereluctant tell to all that his he father, and to other visitors half from revelation, a dozen black "theHusteele, learned had Blackhorse. of Bethismare—thetremendousbay the

states.fore an adequate period of convalescence, mare—the white mare—these three

Peejo and Eltceesie were out caring for colts, they are brothers?""They say he is a phantom horse,

the sheep, rival as and a for Eltceesie's fathat he in used to hide the mirage "That's I took the black mare whyvor there came vain Natawney Begay, this desert, that this and somehow with interrupted. me,"Peejo "I of tribe's son the favoredand of big medicine

man. In boyish physical conflicts he bested wanted all three of them, but I had strange, unsociable boy caught him

the sickworn Peejo. Yoinsnez's open apto hurry away. When the black and took him away years ago to

proval Begay's attentions of the widened 1 exas. born colt was I had him to name

breach between Yoinsnez Peejo; and and. story, an It was unusual It thlizhen. someBeleeh a sweet, had todriven anger, fold Peejo that Yoinsnez about which to write a tale, or sound, I called homey but him Bething neverhe would until find Blackhorse he

had returned to Peejo the sheep and horses leeh, and the Colonel's men called to relate to the folks at home. But

histaken corral, father's from the then and staked money the black on horse him his I've name. Billy—that's disappeared.Peejo Months had lengthened all was Navajo the namoney, and training been him to ever since runinto years returned when Begay home from tives backed him as as long they I've a yearling. lived he was witha celebration in to tell a Mexico Newbrooding Yoinsnez of having seen Peejo—him and loved him, and we've been could find takers or till their sack

a new Peejo, now the adopted son of a Navajos together in spite of the was empty.

wealthy white man, that word "It's a snap,"whispered white a man people and the schools and allhe would come back some day of who sentday—a Flagstaff. safe betfrom "You're the things different."sotriumph for Peejo in which Yoinsnez "will

crawl on his belly and beg me to help "Why didn't you tell us this when ting your last dollar on the bay.

him."Then there came further to plague father was hunting the whole counBet two to one, three to one; you

Yoinsnez's life a burly white man who set try?"asked the shepherdess. can't lose. These Navajos never

questionable trading post,up a operated real before, a racehorse and ask for your curse on me saw "Why principles, gamblingon finally and who believe they are seeing won't they people? help I couldn't my dead the reluctant intogoaded Yoinsnez a bet and

for high stakes on a horse race and a foot It. one now. They're plum warped on

race, which the Navajos won, but which "It's well for him that he didn't this black stallion; they think he's

proved merely to be bait another race for stakes.with higher big race the tell us,"and the old man shook his supernatural."At the

horse and runner backed by the Navajos head in troubled recollection. In the last four days Billy had led

came in last, but Peejo arrived on the scene Peejo joined in the silent hush of in the race for recuperation, but he from his faraway adopted home to advise their astonishment, and then spoke hadn't quite recovered his native fire.

that the white man's horse and runner were in English to Eltceesie: "With the Hazarding him when he was not yet

it.Navajo and he could prove Yoinsnez

was induced by Eltceesie to seek Peejo's exception of the Colonel, who has fit hurt Peejo worst of all. Peejo's

help, which he did in reluctant humility. been my kind father, Billy has been trainer had been concerned for him.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1939

but Peejo's concern had been all for "Lost Billy!"Peejo repeated, back of the crowd would strike the

Billy. clutching his fingers in the black horses fairly in the face. And

After the footrace, with an intermane. through that rain, as it cleared the

val of four important hours, he felt known that all air of dust, they caught sight of an urge to ride Billy up the old trail along. "Sure—you'veI consented only when I saw Comet again with Billy close behind

where years before Yoinsnez and that you knew it. There's not a him, the two toiling desperately

Begay had disappeared for the hunt. ghost of a chance—Comet has no through streams and pools of water

The wind had been rising since rivals. I'm afraid you've been buildand facing the wet gale.

morning, and a dustcloud behind ing yourself up for a terrible disapYoinsnez sat in agony drenched the monuments to the southwest pointment."to the skin, the shepherdess beside

made them a vivid picture of years "If that horse beats Billy,"and him, wet and bedraggled and twistgone by. The two great hands there Peejo bit off each word with despering her hands in torture, her eyes

as constant sentinels through wind ation, "something'll happen here toriveted to the distance. The Badger,

and storm, heat and cold, brought day that'll never be forgotten in the soaked through, still gazed from his back some sweet element of life he reservation."car roof, his hat in his hand, and

had never felt since he rode there He rode away in clenchjawed getting more confident every minute.

with Husteele before death swept silence, his fingers still gripping The bay is still in the lead, a full away his father's household. Billy's mane, and the eyes of the neck. The crowd stands petrified,

But something native to the solicrowd followed him wonderingly. as if any move of theirs might upset

tude, the rising wind, the mirage, got When he emerged from the shadow the straining balance, Eltceesie runs in Billy's blood like the desert air into the sunlight, the black horse's her fingers through her wet hair which had made his wild sire incoat glistened like metal armor. it's just too awful! The old man

vincible. Some kindred element had The cherished binoculars availed leans forward, hands half raised,

found glad response in his native nothing for the starting—the other mouth agape.

blood, be bit to the he champed and in track hidden a the end of was got 'em!"the Badger "We've drifted the past dust as itgone with indust, the of cloud and wind out, "Youbetcherlife!"breakshim. carrying creased, of desert volumes

And then he saw horses grazing sand over the restless crowd and They have little more than a quaron a slope; he lifted high his head down the long track. Had the ter now to run. Peejo is leaning

and his flowing tail and sent his jockeys started, or were they waitforward as if putting his lips to proud challenge down to them on ing? The race was to have begun Billy's flattened ear. "Billy! Oh

the wind. A yellow mustang made at three and everybody knew the Billy!"he must be saying, "be like

your fathers, the king of the desert!"defiant answer—Billy heard it—he Colonel and his Navajo boy depawed the earth, repeating his imspised delay; so they continued their Peejo is gone from Billy's back!

perious call. He was himself again watch impatiently. He is struggling to his feet in the

behind!—he was more: he was Beleeh Through a short rift in the storm mud

thlizhen on his native desert, harking they caught sight of one horse. It The Badger is a jumpingjack,

with lifethrills back to Morocco, to was Comet, his little rider appearwhipping about with his big hat. But

Arabia, to the invincible foal of Ishing no larger than a cat on his back. he suddenly halts, his wide mouth

mael's wonderful mare. But another billow hid the track open in astonishment and conster-

"Why didn't I think of this beagain. The Badger couldn't keep nation; The black horse, freed of

fore?"of himself, Peejo demanded still his his withholding gears—he is comstill—he wasbut he time to go had no ing generating farther, broadcast, but tremenburden,up—up! shifts

and he made Billy turn back. dous volume, while Yoinsnez gazed They are even; the little jockey

At three o'clock a cloud roof.in silent torture from his hogan whipsrespondsdesperately,with all hisandstrength.the greatBillybay

threw its first shadow over the crowd From the black banks above came is ahead! He is over the line and

as the two horses came out for the a loud crash and then a quick gush Comet toiling after him!

race. Comet represented the of water as if the disturbance had {Concluded on page 562)

achievement of selection and breedpunctured the bottom of the big ing at the hands of men who make tanks. The rain driving against the WATCHERSPhoto ONby THEHarryDESERTGoulding. Monti'

their stock effeminate by shielding ment Valley Trading Post Operatot.

them from hardship and want. Billy

was the result of selection by the stern hands of Nature where hunger and want eliminate the weak, permitting only the strong to survive.

Comet and his little jockey started down the track, but the Colonel drew Billy and his rider to one side, speaking earnestly in an undertone, yet not too low for the keen ears of the shepherdess.

"I hate it, boy,"he said sympathetically. "I know how you feel,

but you must get it clearly in your head, you've lost Billy. What I'm

afraid of now is that you won't carry through like a good sport."

J VANGUARD OF UTAH'S DIXIELAND

jcoJttofL ami dfiahasJjUv camsL pfdh.

In Dixie Land I'll take my stand, By MARK A. PENDLETON Hurrah! Hurrah!

For 'Rastus Snow we're shoveling sand 'Way down south in Dixie.

the Indians to Christianity, had been

HARDY, AUGUSTUS WHO route seeking Santa a from Fe, New

TO TAKEN THEIS SAID HAVEP.UNDERsun atthemidday,glare ofUtah'sa summer'sDixie at Catholic mission the to Mexico, UTAH'S FIRST TO SEED COTTON

is inviting, glorinot but when Pacific coast, Monterey, on the but DIXIE.Courtesy of David H. Morris, rising the setting or thefied by Lake, north as far sun, coming as Utah

itor moonlight, by presents enan plan, the and they abandoned had others. Wolfskill and decades Twochanting colorpanorama of mounreturn to endeavoring by were now later, in late 1849, December, cametain desert. and desolation of The the ford of the Colorado of Ute way of P. party Pratt Parley a withprecipitous plateaus and sandstone River. horseback, Traveling by sites for twentyfour seeking men isridges broken pinion pine by and their exwell-nigh equipment and in of settlements quest and Mormonjuniper in growing favored places, carried mules, provisions hausted by deposits. both, iron ore found He floraand everywhere the typical by in their eight there other party were that in the discovered moreover andof the desert: southwest mesquite, Spaniards, halfbreeds, a two and fertile of climate the small but warm Needle,Adam's Spanish Bayonet, joined Indian had young Ute who region valleys of the River Virgincactus, varieties and of prickly many in region. the them Lake Utah cotton grow. wouldpear. the advent of spring With entered rethe Spaniards Other In 1852, twelve from January, menmulticolored flowers land. deck the gion the occupied Indian naby Ute in four wagons drawn Parowan by is It not long so first that ago man tion trade to seek precious and to horses the newlydiscovered went itsbeheld strange felt beauty the and metals. white came. More men highly delighted Dixie were and ofcharm another Dixie. those traveled the Among who Ash climate. the the with were They traffic transcontinental Where now trail S. Creek Jedediah was Canyon first to the take over wagons menrumbles a national over highway, in Smith, the came midsummer who Ridge. Black trails. ledonce Indian only Others fifteen of at the of 1826 head mounfrom 1852, seven In June, menfollowed them, white tain his to California. on men way men—priests, via horseback, went Parowan, on traders, finally and in followed 1 830 William by He was

little to the headCreek Canyon the which wayadventurers,homesteaders—until Sevier, followed then of the

five of Virgin River miles east waters the aboutled through View beCreek Ash Canyon mill of in Tlie operated Leeds. foreqround point the was to the the River Virgin where thoroughfare, a acame road hard Reef, Silver Milling Co., and Mining the Stormont by it. into empties Laverkin Creek called Babylon. region This was Utah. full asbut of as of adventure it was

meaning Paroos, this stream called Indians The raising the Indians they found Herehazards. it in Escalante, named Father water. 1776, muddy pocorn, squash, in wheat, beans, and Smith, river). Jedediah S. (sulphur Sulfuero Rio It in 1776, 13 and on October was Adams, John in Q. to President compliment 1826, tatoes. to Parmen returned The C. John it Capt. of Adams. the name When gave that 14, first white the men traveled

stream, of this in the region entered Fremont, 1S44, Creek Canof Ash owan by way trail. Francisthe brownrobed it Two Rio called Viroen learned the Spaniards that he three traveled having hundred on the yon, dwelt Indians the Virgin). (river of who The fathers, Escalantecan Dominand

Paroosits. as river known this of were banks in days. miles twelve and thirtysix 1885, to their about convert souls Ottinger guez, Crockwell aflame and by Photograph

When Brigham Young planned to settle a region, he often sent missionaries to the natives to preach the

Gospel and to instruct them in farming and other arts of civilization.

Accordingly, at the April conference of the Church in 1854, Jacob Hamblin, Augustus P. Hardy, and Thales

Haskell were called on a mission to the Indians in southern Utah. Jacob

Hamblin, a man of great courage, cool under trying circumstances, who always talked straight, never with a "forked tongue,"had great influence over the Indians. He became known as the "Apostle to the

Lamanites."A few months after

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1939

ly. Eleven were converted and bapHunt, Indian Agent, a Virginian,

tized. author, A. Pendleton, side of land west declared Mark as on the The it was good as he had THE

Parowan, born in was 1868, the the to creek given the whites, ever seen. beautifully white, was It was

of Dr. Calvin son and C. Pendleton

faand the Indians, assisted by the misfine, and silky."In 1857 Zadok Pendleton. His Coombs Mary

ther was an early convert to Morsionaries, built a dam to divert the K. Judd made a machine to separate

monism. He dwelt at Kirtland and waters of the Santa Clara for irrigalint from seed. It required two perNauvoo, and helped build the first tion. There was great excitement sons to operate it.

Quarters, cabin at Winter and came to in 1854. His mother Utah was and rejoicing when the water flowed This arid region of the Virgin

the daughter of Patriarch Mark A. on the land. River now took on added interest to

fall for to the in Coombs, cotton Young, so Brigham came Utah who much winter taken Hamblin That was of 1 860. himself the writes author Of in the clothof manufacture after painful a journey on needed and I "It strange that seems grew up sick ing there. raised could imbe An Fort reached horseback Harmony. the of people. a critic Mormon However, in 1906, I went to San Fran- A. P. Hardy rode to Parowan to get portant home industry was in pros-

I tillable pect. cisco, California, lived four land where While hmwas for Hamblin. medicine he There

years. surprised There and I was it ited, fertile. of waters was The Anderson, Pace met Nancy who was at the intolerance pained shown by the River Virgin several creeks and states, of southern native the a and the church people toward Mormons.

I became their defender. As time told her about the warm climate of were available for irrigation. Choice

passed, I began to appreciate the the Santa Clara. Mrs. Anderson fruits, vegetables, nuts, and sorghum

heroic, dramatic, the in and romantic flourish in cane the would warm cliof cotton a quart lives pioneers. of the In Mormon mate. Plans to the were in making tale."a I hangs seed—"andgave Hardy therebyabout that spirit to write began Utah

history."When making ready to leave her establish a new stake of Zion. The

beloved Dixie for a new home in builders of a new commonwealth the far away Rocky Mountains, she envisioned a road through Ash their arrival at Fort Harmony the undoubtedly had recalled Brigham Creek Canyon over the rough and missionaries made a trip to the south. Young's advice: "Come immediately steep Black Ridge, and looked forThey met Indians on Ash Creek, and prepare to go West, bringing ward to the time when towns would

near where Toquerville is now with you all kinds of choice seeds, be built, when fields white with cotlocated. (The chief's name was grains, vegetables, fruits, shrubbery, ton would be estabhshed. and when

Toquer, which means black. ) These trees and vines, everything that will in one town a temple would be

Indians were timid, but hearing kind please the eye, gladden the heart or reared.

words from the missionaries, welcheer the soul of man, that grows The road was the immediate and comed them. upon the face of the earth."difficult problem. It did not have

auspicious beginning. an The to natives the of ahead went One early spring of the In 1855, Jacob at court county Fort apHarmonynotify Indians 150 were some who P. returned A. Hamblin and Hardy propriated appointed Peter $300 and their springs sacred nearcamped by the to Clara Valley Santa and were Shirts road supervisor. the At June friendthatmountain, ShinobKiab, families. several joined cotby The session the court, of 1857, Peter visitly to white were coming men ton yielded planted seed and was "bill Shirts'presented, examwas Haskellthem. Hardy, and Hambhn, Caroline Knight, abundantly. Beck ined, rejected"the and ground on suspicion, but received withwere Haskell, Thales Maria Woodbury, that he unwisely the had expended their confidence.gained the did Curtis ginning and Lyman for appropriated amount purroad to the they Santa on moved Then spinning hand, on and and by a poses. Shirts'Peter at road endedClara, Indians dwelt where many thirty of treadle loom yards wove declivity a that steep so had wagons chief's Tutsawhose was name this cloth. of cotton sample was "A to eased be with ropes rawhide down friendgavots. Indians were These office in exhibited Young's Brigham tree. to a cedar desnubbed This

(UTAH) COTTONTHE WASHINGTON FACTORY in Great Salt Lake City, and Major clivity became known as "Peter's 1901. AS IT APPEARED ABOUT

Courtesy H. L. Reid. David H. Morris'Journal. Leap."It was indeed the jumpingoff place. No wonder stout hearts

were dismayed. It is related that

one good wife, having arrived in a tight httle valley, black with lava, where Toquerville now stands, said to her husband, "Is this the place where we are to live?"Receiving an

affirmative reply, she said sadly and wearily, "Neither God, man, nor the devil will find us here."

Early travelers on the road were

George Hicks and his wife, Betsy.

They did not go willingly but like good soldiers obeyed the call to raise "cotton and the cane."They "yoked

old Jim and Bolly up"and left their house and garden in Salt Lake, which almost broke their hearts. We can

easily understand that they "moved along quite slowly"in the old wagon in which they had crossed the plains.

[Continued on page 538) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1939 {Continued from page 537) The Millennial Star, dated May

In "A Ballad to Our Dixie"George 9, 1863, states:

Hicks laments: Who would have believed a few years

it if to ago, that them, proposed had been Ridge, reached the length BlackAt we cotton exported from been have would

I down; broke wagonWhere my the States to to United and be Utah made

I find carpenter, not a could it is so. of year's Last crop pay? Yet

I miles town. from twenty was in the the of cotton southern part Territory

pole cedar with a clumsySo of has put been 74,000 Utah pounds down slide; fixed an awkward at the estimate. large quantity lowest Aat pulled so heavy wagonIMy will this freighted to the season States be

ride. could not BetsyThat sale, for the proceeds, with and machinery

its will for manufacture purchased be and Betsy a walking wasWhile freighted as these such means back. It is by care take I told her to

that the fully of independence Zion will be all sudden a uponWhen established.

pear. prickly struck aShe

Then she began to blubber out, Along the road, in the hamlet of could loud as sheAs bawl, Washington, Erastus Snow built a "If I were back in Cottonwood I would not come at all."mill in 1867 to make cotton yarn.

Appleton Harmon was the chief Of carrot tops and lucerne greens COTTON GIN HOUSE AT TOQUERVILLE, UTAH. mechanic. The following year the

to eat, have enoughWe building enlarged was and maofi I'd like to changeBut my diet fall of in the three 1861, dale. Then installed chinery of for the weaving cakes meat. buckwheat andFor families hundred leaderthe under cloth, linsey, blanwool cotton and whirl hot about windsThe me

And take away my breath; ship of Orson Pratt and Erastus kets and shawls. The employees

the founded had chills andI have fever Snow experienced the town which they were dyers weavers and

Till to death. nearly I'm shook St. George. named of from goods England, and made

I feel so weak and hungry now In 1862, a large crop of cotton high quality. Some dyes were im-

I think I'm nearly dead. was raised. In every Mormon setported. A good red dye was made

in'Tis tlement next seven Utah, weeks Nevada, Sunday and Cahroot. roots of a from madder The

I tasted bread.Since have fomia, Dixie into cotton carded was called plant Spanish Bayonet were is left onlyThere and Betsy me rolls, yarn, into into spun and woven sliced, tree; gathered, the which, cotton hoe and crushed,To

May heaven help the Dixieite cloth. Samuel L. Adams of St, added to water, made an excellent

Wherever he may be! George made the first cotton gin run fluid for cleaning wool.* This mill

water power, by and Ebenezer the industrial the heart of became the pioneers. But on come They built mill of a sixtyfour Hanks activities agricultural southof andbuild ridges roads rocky over and at spindles to cotParowan, make ern general Utah. a exchange Here wastes, creeks, digsandy dam ton yarn. small surplus of cot- A place. of took Cotton, productscanals, clear the build land and in ton shipped In 1862. was May, molasses, wine, Dixie dried and In the blazinghomes. sun, they hoe that train of year long a wagons, 384 fruits settlements. from nearby came cotton,the cane, Floods com. and left oxen, 2,604 with Salt 488 men flour, Iron wool, County From came fill the canals the outwash and dams for City the River Missouri Lake lath, shingles, cheese, table potatoes, the sand; crops perish for oftenwith assist to the poor. immigrant The salt, leather. soap, Grindstones and of water. the pioneers Oftenwant ( Southern Mission and Washington salt Leeds from came rock from and fight called toare marauding upon Iron called Counties) "to was upon It St. of the Thomas. was day yet a they sang songNavajo ( furnish or mule four 55 oxen teams trade,'barter andwith a refrain:—Indians, six or to four or mules of yoke oxen

Brigham Young is the Lion of the Lord, each team ) and an equal number of "\X7'iTH the opening of mines at

The prophet and revealer of the Word, trusty teamsters, and four mounted Pioche and Silver Reef, the all mouthpiece of untoThe God mankind. guards well armed and equipped for economic situation changed, gold of the rules by the powerAnd Word.

a five or six months'journey with and silver coin becoming a medium

And believing that they were emclothing, provisions, ammunition, of exchange; but following the panic

ployed in "building up the kingdom ferriage means, shoes, spades, axes, of 1893 the mill again did service of God in these the last days,"they picks, ropes, etc., for down and back when Thomas Judd was lessee and

labored on. trips without the expectation of reDavid H. Morris, foreman.'There

ceiving any assistance from any came a time when the products of

At the general conference in Salt other source. The Saints responded the mill could not compete with

Lake City, April, 1857, some willingly and sent all that was regoods manufactured in the East, and twentyeight families and a number quired of them."it was closed in 1903. It is now a

of young men were called to settle In this train were 4,300 pounds of ruin and quite forgotten.

in Washington County. They Utahgrown cotton, hauled to a The Pioneers* first public building

located at Adair Springs and named market 1,400 miles from where it was a meetinghouse, and it became their town Washington. Most of was grown. Cotton from Dixie was the religious, social, educational, and

the men were from the southern also hauled over the SpanishMor- political center. All meetings, includstates and understood raising cotton. mon trail by mules to a seaport called ing dances and theatricals, were

They had a small quantity of cotton Wilmington, near San Pedro, and opened and closed by prayer. A

seed which was carefully planted, shipped via Cape Horn to New larger edifice for worship becoming watched, and cultivated, and yieldYork, where, owing to the Civil necessary in the early seventies, the ed fairly well. In the spring of 1858, War, it commanded a price of about people of St. George Stake built a

settlements were made at Toquer- $1.50 a pound. substantial tabernacle of red sandville, Virgin, Rockville, and Spring- L. D. S. Church Library. "David H. Morris.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1939

stone, accurately cut and skilfully laid. simply designed, Although it BUILDING CHOIR A WARD

structureis a beautiful is an enand By DR. W. ASPER FRANKduring monument to the English and

Welsh artisans who built it and to Tabernacle Organist and a Member of the General Church Music Committee the people who made sacrifices to Tt is not too soon to be thinking about picked organization, everyone feels make its construction possible. * the organization of our ward choirs that he has an individual responsibility,

About this edifice cling memories for the winter, for most of us expect our and there rarely is an absence. The

both sad and joyful. An event that singing groups to be functioning in regleader will, of course, be limited in the

took place when, in 1879, Father ular order by the end of September. size of his choir by the available space

in chapel. the that time well going Getting a group by building church a andScanlan was or less sixteen of voices is a clioir For is there problem, and so much such a

is rehospital often at Silver Reef, is an the best usually with balance will conductor that the involved, wise ferred to with pleasure by old inmake his plans early and be fully preequal number of singers for each part, habitants and their descendants: pared when the time arrives. He should but where it exceeds that number, all

An invitation was, extended Father, afterplan with the organist a progressive things being equal, it has been found ward Bishop Scanlan, "by the Mormon aucourse of study, have necessary parts that there should be more sopranos than thorities to St. services hold of George, part. in other comes any number Next discuss probhand, in ordered and and on

their tabernacle. accepted, as the and He for singers bass, the the fewest with rehearsal personnel such as lems and toservices the held Sunday, were on chorus parts. alto the In tenor a and bishopric. the time withregular Cantata Sunday services—Missabe it voices, of thirty average with would is the choir recruiting most of the The the of the programand sermon—formed

: itself follows as divide Nine probably as difficult the choir the ofday. needed and problem. most was One A

tabernacle choir of the place did not know successful ways found has been to make sopranos, eight basses, seven altos, and

Latin, it was thought that the singing of a canvass of the ward and see what six tenors. However, no one can acthe Kyrie Eleison and Gloria and Credo singers there are. This will determine tually tell how this number will sound

out. carried of leader notcould be The there being hearing the chorus, part of without fewest has the number what forthe choir Catholic asked and Music differences sonority, in as blend, many singers. available the often Very in his Peter'sbeing given Mass, weeks two

personalities. are as there and volume in smallest are the tenors and number it in sing the couldchoir and Mass knew

Latin. On the third Sunday of May, High the rest of the choir should be selected Voices should not be classified by

Mass was sung in the tabernacle, the Morto balance with these. range alone. The main thing is to

mon Choir executing it with great credit Let those who are to sing in the determine the best natural tones and to themselves, rendering the Gloria and choir be chosen for their ability to sing the quality before making a conclusion.

tones. clear the in Before sweetHosanna bishop. the the to is and called This, course, work by best of done in private,services explained Scanlan Father

first this, object at to but should that the time conductor may and at the Many the vestments usedmeaning of at Mass and at the Gospel, preached an eloquent the desire to sing does not necessarily make many allowances and above all sermon from the text, 'True adorers of God bring with it the ability to do so. The things try to make the singer feel at

adore Him in Spirit and truth.'He was poorest singers may have as great an ease. If a singer is nervous or under

very careful to give no offense, and to ambition to sing as Kirsten Flagstad or great strain, his voice may be very respect the beliefs of his friends, nearly all Lauritz Melchior, but that does not capricious, and the conductor may make for were Mormon. won Heof whom is not of them. estimate of the voice. a false do make singers This We all."* thehimself esteem of and good will choose our bishops they because wish condition guard a the conductor must

The choir leader referred to was to be bishops, nor do we necessarily against. If he can also listen intently to

John M. Macfarlane, Senior, author select our Sunday School teachers each voice in rehearsal without the

of "Far, Far Away on Judea's from the ranks of those who love to singer's being aware of it, he will have

Plains,"and composer of the music teach. Rather we choose the first begone a long way toward solving his

to which the words are sung the cause of their executive ability and the problem. With only a little practice

world round. latter because they know how to imany conductor can train his ear so that

St. George not only had a noted partChrist.impressively the Gospel of Jesus hesinglecanvoiceconcentratein a group.his listening on a

choir under the senior John M. MacSinging in the choir, then, is certainly By making the singing of the choir

farlane, but a brass band, an oras much a calling as any of these and excellent in quality, it will always be chestra and a dramatic association should be considered so, because it depleasant to listen to and will convey that would have done credit to a mands the best musical ability we can our Gospel message. This cannot be

large community, and as early as muster in our wards. Such a positive done with a mediocre group. The Gos1868, Joseph E. Johnson published stand as this may cause some feelings pel of Jesus Christ should have the very

Our Dixie Times, devoted to hortiand criticism, but if the choir is always best we can give it and all we can give it.culture, gardening, and dramatics. made up of the best talent in the ward

will justified singer the leader for than be should be prepared more The St. In the Utah, George Temple

his stand, for results in will for the the un- a full repay his work with Church first the completed. to bewas The in singing. derstanding quality of of calling the dignity of the

people in every Mormon settlement, In one of our newest wards the for which he is responsible. He should

by offerings and by labor, contribleader adopted the policy of moving be made to realize that he is preaching uted to its building. Its massive cautiously. He started with only a the Gospel as much as the speaker.

foundations are of volcanic rock; the quartet, after a time adding four more The part of the singer is apparent even

superstructure is built of red sandvoices, but all are very good, and he in the selection of clothing which is stone, plastered and painted white. plans to enlarge on this number as fast worn, and this too, should be done with

It cost $800,000, and was dedicated as he can find the talent. With such a discretion.

April 6, 1877. In gleaming whiteSaints, come, ye the which had Mecca Come, now becomeness, valley. the it commands toil fear, labor nor No faithful. of the journeyed As they through Ash joy Over a new road, with But wend your way...

Creek Canyon, called "The Dugforth and back, they sang the songs A stake of Zion had been estabway,"thousands in covered wagons of the new Zion; one, an old favorite lished; a temple had been built; the

traveled to the St. George Temple, that had cheered them in times past, trail had become a road—-a link in a

*The Catholic Church in Utah, by Dr. W. R. Harris. rang out triumphantly: national highway.

INSIDE ASIA Syracuse University, has had the opporSURVEY AFTER MUNICH (John Gunther, Harper and Brothers, tunity of seeing the practical application of (Graham Hutton, Little, Brown and

New York. 575 pages. $3.50.) his theories in the solving of the students'Company, 1939, Boston. 241

problems. a note of sound He strikes $2.50.) pages.

picture a clear have TT'hose who would the philosophy emphasizes he need when * of situations in the Far East and Once again the terror of liswould for sympathetically people. understanding MUNIChI

like to have it interestingly told will find In these days of close contact between tening for reports grasps one by the an answer to their wishes in Inside Asia, a persons such chapters as "Practise in Tact"; throat. But to one man, trained through

companion volume to Inside Europe (See "To Put People at Ease"; "When You Meet thirteen years of first hand acquaintance1936, Era, October, Improvement The central ships Euand southwestern with Stranger"; are p. a to Talk About""What

. precedes the 624) book, In the note which a starting point the rope, word was merely pondering. worth reading and much The

the author tells us very plainly that what Appendix offers some practical solutions to an analysis of what lies ahead for the happens in the East will shape events in to typical situations. This book is an esworld. Straightforwardly, Mr. Hutton tells

the West, for "it is the same war"which pecially helpful volume for those who must his story, tracing the history of Germany, rages in both East and West. work closely with people.—M. C. /. {Continued on page 547) Inside Europe, As in John Gunther, who

has been engaged in reportorial work in

Europe and Asia for the past fourteen years, has traced significant recent happenings the through personalities of those who the have caused point of events. His beThis important faonk shDuld be

ginning is well chosen: of "The Emperor

Japan."this personage, From who is a in every L D. S. home

god to his followers, the author traces the origin and development of Japan to give his reader a keener insight into the reasonswhy Japan acts as she does. From Japan PfllESTHDDD AlVD

he moves into Russia, who is Japan's foremost enemy. But in order to get a complete picture of Russia, the readers must go to Inside Europe, where Mr. Gunther CmiHCH WELFARE

treats the government and the personnel in detail. The two other major countries in Prepared under the direction of the

the Far East, China and India, receive fulCouncil of Twelve by some treatment.

To Americans particularly, the sketch Dr. George Stewart, Dr. Dilworth Walker and E. Cecil McGavin

on Manuel Quezon will be especially welcome, since we know so httle about the Now being used as a study course for the Quorums of the Melchizedek volatile president of the Philippines. Into Priesthood. Describes in detail the objectives, organization and other

the stories of "Singapore Base,""Dutch important factors of the remarkable Church Welfare Plan.

Treat,"and "Agha Khan and Others,"

John Gunther has put drama and novelty Cloth Binding. Price $1.25

which have seldom been found outside fiction.

Intensely interesting and vitally informative. Inside Asia deserves wide reading Another great contribution to

and careful study by all who would understand the world today.—M. C. /. L. D. S. Church Literature

MY WIFE AND I (Sidney Homer, Macmillan Company, 1939. York, 269 pages.New $3.50.) LIFE OF JOSEPH F. SMITH

'T'his book becomes a revelation of the Compiled by Joseph Fielding Smith -* devotion exist that can even in an in the interesting of the record exceedingly main events A wellwritten, intensely artistic family. Both Sidney

life of the Sixth imread this President of the Church. should Everybody theHomer, author, his wife, and Louise

Homer, are musicians of the first water. portant volume of Church History.

The loyalty between husband wife and and between is children inPrice $2.50 parents and

spiring, apart from the truly great biography and autobiography included in this book. history The of American opera A New Book on a Vital Subjectduring the past forty years is entrancingly

unfolded and many of the great characters who made it what it is walk familiarly TDBACCD—The Crafty Deceiver

through its pages.

But as great as these factors, important By Andrew A. Van Brunt

isas they are, the. philosophy of human 50ckindness is that interwoven, the Paper Cover—Price making

reading of My Wife and I a delightful experience. M. C. J.

of Books in the Intermountain West.IT'S NICE TO KNOW We carry the largest stock

PEOPLE LIKE YOU (Harry Walker Hepner, D. AppletonCentury Company, New York, 1939. DESERET BOOK COMPANY172 pages. $1.50.) Salt Lake City. Utah 44 East South Temple

npHE AUTHOR, teacher of college students - in the department of psychology at

WE LOVED HIM THE DWARFED PINE SPEAKS SUNSET ON GREAT SALT LAKE

To Melvin J. Ballard By Clara Perman By John Sherman Walker

Pox By Ruth May fair!"isn't fair! the sea It is the isn't sky sky, and **Tt SEA

cry, first I raised the panoply converging In At one are God's ways mist. fell soft, in gilt brothers amber and green and moist soil Of "My

all theirSo Hisinexplicablechildren walk with Mystery I lie!"stone amethyst Beneath tourmaline a and Of

days; They only know He guides with kindly hand In ThedeepdarkestdespairholeI crawledto die. into AsGracingprismicthemiraclessaline watersemerge.surge.

And that His promises forever stand. Tracing mirage on the golden verge

sunkissed. sands, within Of me said, something deep Then

find will his beloved Apostle own; Our list. shell; whitecaps fashions Where outward "Fate

the glist'ning, gates him For are golden shall self reach inward thy heights The thrown ancient shore the lave that thy will; solely slow on Rest Waves

his to open admit presence Wide where faith lore; It's strength, prehistoric courageous of patient Whisper

elect God's in majesty appear. own skill."highest and precipice the peak Of agelined Demand

abyss; crag, and dark canyon, Of

sand's shelllaced wet gleam, in the Scrolled His priesdy mantle beautifully wrought I heeded to that still small voice.

precious of wise With gems and noble is age's tale theme. of hurled the taunts were laughing Clear Though

thought, tall tides timeless straight trees the and that seem pine lofty Told by From his being Enrapt with a desire keen reminisce unfurled limbs graceful To With stir the hearts of with heavenly menTo lisp. of tourists constant In me, say passing fire. Now,

"A wonder of the world!"

shall miss his the of voice, music we How proud, Flying pinions on sheeny sacred songs sing, to loved his The he choice seagull cloud screaming wheels a Down Persuasive his speech, silvery eloquence air. sea, the of the part of Part

thrilled the multitudes inwith Which joy glare;; sun's red in saltspray the and Caught

tense! miles, the desert Spanning sagestrewn files. in regal whitely Homing

is lost mighty Israel; to manA last, at isles to indigo Swooping,

'Tis hard indeed to bid a last farewell; nestlings share Where Yet, while untold thousands mourn him lair. Their rocky

here, The glorious hosts of heaven hail him there. Far to the blur of purple hills.

WOMAN ON THE PLAINS TheMarvelousmasterpiecewatercolorinspiredfillsof all

By Vesta P. Crawford Creation'sAn ode of colorundulatingchemical;shades,

that fades, slowly symphony A treasure trove that twilight trades the prairie ATHEland.wide night leans upon To reenthrall

And all the desert valleys dim and far As shadows fall.

Lie shadowed in a maze of brush and sand the Beneath silver of alien star. an the line. on West low horizon

the Along borders the of wagon camp THE LONE PINE, LARAMIE, WYOMING Floating in Bonneville's old

A woman walks in solitude, apart, The sun's a rich, ripe tangerinebrine.And the from rose sky damascene breathes a prayer for courage like a FRUITAGE Dropped lamp its celestial from Downward

light the dark recessesTo tree of heart. her the of By Katherine Welles Wheeler Out

faith only For can heal the pain stress, and the Into opalescent gold eternitysea—

sacrifice ofThe friends and home held dear. Leaving the scene taper, is a THOUGHT faith onlyAnd bridge can the wilderness To eve serene. lit low; and New her For seeks afar the last who frontier;

it gently. shape Mind future race shall rise call and blest:A you

it let go; Then with eyes woman yourOh the upon West!

it deftly Lips mould I. SECURITY

it clings; yet While

BREAD Words paint it clearly, By Alice Morrey Bailey

Spangle its wings;

Kathryn Forbes By Clyde it lend music Voice glittering, the cheap of array passAMID pure; Clarion things, ing

is let there will that notSOMETHING it substance, give Truth uncertain The sword above head hangs my crust single a of bread Me waste it endure. That low.

I picture that forget can'tA I 1 roots thirstily reach the toward My frantic people hungry led slowlyOf soil;

Across a trackless wilderness; GLEANING My wheat—my daily bread needs place to

toil grilling endless hours ofThe By Velda Allphin I wantgrow.a patch of earth where I may plant sleepless nights so with fear. wroughtAnd

tree a soil of sunbakedThe God graze a cow. THANK And builded a I want home, to these PioneersA challengebarrenness the For joy of gleaning. sunset's and hills to give A hearth, me purple little children fedThat be might the For bounteous harvest field. gaze,

The emerald promise of the field Thank Him An anchor where my weary feet may cease

In all the loveliness of Spring, For talents and wisdom. to roam.

And later on the mellow yield For the treasures hard work will yield. I want my own small garden and my honey

Of Autumn's golden harvesting, May I bees.

gleaning, be found day breathe Where I mayA priceless miracle to them! Each content—serenity heartache, remorse, That all freedom from and despair. And claims but God's, and

Something there is that will not let May not enter in on my highway where my nights,

Me waste a single crust of bread! And rob me of rich harvest there. My lifepushed days may know security.

IweLOn PRESIDENT GRANT HEADS and American compositions. Prefacing 29 at Santa Anita race track, Arcadia,

MONUMENT COMMITTEE the concert with brief remarks was for the first annual Pioneer Day

Appointed as chairman of the new President Heber J. Grant, who with pageant and barbecue sponsored by

state committee to promote the Mrs. Grant accompanied the Choir to the Monrovia Ward. Funds derived

erection of the "This is the place"Sun Valley. President Grant also adfrom the entertainment went toward

monument near the mouth of Emigradressed the Pioneer Day celebration at construction of a new chapel for the tion Canyon is President Heber J. Hagerman, Idaho. ward. George Dunn, mayor of Arof the superintendent and Monfirst also led theGrant, committee, who INSTITUTE general DIRECTORS cadiarovia School, was Sunday selectedwhich Mahonri Young M. as RECEIVE APPOINTMENTS chairman.sculptor received of the approval and

state legislature for the project. Funds "TiRECTORSHiPS of L. D. S. Institutesare being sought to aid the state in operating near universities in three McKAY WARD CREATED AS

financing the monument, which will pay western states will be affected by asRESULT OF DIVISION recently announced by Dr.tribute to the pioneers and to signments Mormon of the TivisiON Waterloo on July 30 L. Frank Commissioner West, Church figuring earlyother in the history groups into Stake, brought Wells Ward, of Education. Changes become valley. theof in the efbeing named Ward, McKay fall fective the with of the opening

ELDER B. S. HINCKLEY HEARD term. honor of David O. McKay, second

ON NATIONAL BROADCAST Because of increased enrollment at counselor in the First Presidency.

is for unit the Bishopric named new institute the adjoining the University 23, morning, Elder Sunday July/N bishop, E. C. with Jones, Heber M. of Utah, L. Dr. Lowell Bennion has been nation to the S. B. spoke Hinckley

counselors. Slack Davies, Paul and J. transferred from Tucson, Arizona, the Air of the Church Columbiaover

clerk counselors, well as as ward The in has of where he the been charge subject, "Contributhebroadcast on of Harold Johnson, were members W. institute the near of University Arition Their to the Pioneers of Mormon bishopric, the causing Waterloo Ward it since zona opened. T. origEdgar was broadcast Ours."and TheDay to of Bishop Albert E. Smith Waterloo president Lyon, former of the Netherin Salt in theinated Tabernacle Lake

his select as advisers T. Cutnew Ray lands acting Mission the and of headCity.

as Funk, William ler and ward and J. institute of last year, U. will U. remain

TABERNACLE CHOIR as assistant director. clerk, Donald T. Midgley.

AT SUN VALLEY Dr. Daryl Chase, formerly at the inThe reorganization leaves each ward

characterized as"XTSZhat was with about nine hundred members. a stitute near of the University Wyo-

''"forcefully concert"dramatic was ming, at Laramie, will replace BenDr.presented by the Tabernacle Choir July nion at Tucson, Arizona. LOGAN SCHOOL

24, at Sun Valley, Idaho. As guests of From Flagstaff, Arizona, where he HONORS PIONEERS

the Union Pacific Railroad, the Choir has been director of the institute adAsa climax of the summer session and invited to inaugurate a music beenhad joining policy, in college innovation State as an Arizona Teachers'Coltoproject each which summer hopes at Agricultural State lege, Dr. College to the Utah Anthon S. Cannon will go

see "the musicalminded of America Laramie as director. Logan conducted an outdoor meeting

gathered (at Sun Valley) to hear the R. Lee Kenner, who has been on leave of Cache Valley residents in the colgreatest masterpieces performed by the of absence studying for his doctor's lege amphitheater on July 20 to observe

greatest interpreters of the day."The degree at the University of California, Utah's settlement and pay respect to

regular weekly nationwide broadcast will go to Flagstaff as institute director. her pioneer founders.

of the Choir also originated at Sun Contending that Brigham Young's

Valley, Sunday morning, July 23. L. D. S. PAGEANT STAGED pioneer philosophy that people should

High praise was accorded the outIN COAST CITY "stay out of debt and live within their thousand spirituals, Ceveraldoor Church performance of negro members is just as applicable as it means"now 'sacred masterpieces, in southern California gathered music. Old World President in 1850, July was Heber J. Grant

addressed the gathering as featured speaker. Other speakers were Elder

John A. Widtsoe of the Council of the

Twelve, President Louise Y. Robison

of the Relief Society General Board,

Dr. J. Duncan Spaeth, former professor

of literature and English at Princeton

University, representing the summer

The Tabernacle Choir as session visiting faculty, and Dr. Elmer

it appeared in concert at G. Peterson, president of the college.

Sun Valley, Idaho, July Frederick P. Champ, president of the 24, 1939.

college board of trustees, presided.

"HOLEIN-THEROCK"CROSSING MEMORIALIZED /Commemorating the band of 250

President Heber J. Grant Latterday Saints who settled

briefly addresses the Sun Bluff, Utah, a bronze plaque has been

Valley choir concert audiplaced on the brink of the canyon flankence. A. HarriMr. W.

man, Chairman of the ing the Colorado River at the site of

Board, Pacific Union Railroad, exthe "Holein-theRock,"the "imposis at the treme left, seated. sible"crossing where fiftynine years

ago the pioneers of the San Juan country cut steps out of the steep, solid rock

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1939

walls and succeeded in lowering twenthe city of Murray joined the Murray Commerce. Clerks marked on the sales

tysix partially dismantled wagons and First, Murray Second, and Grant wards slips the ward chosen; amounts were

1,000 head of cattle, finally to ferry in a celebration to raise funds for a totaled at the end of the day and foracross the river, ascend the Edwin projected seminary building to be warded to the Chamber of Commerce, natural bridge to Comb river, and up erected adjacent to the Murray High which in turn made out checks coverthe San Juan river, where they founded School. On August 9, daylong acing the contribution to each ward.

the town of Bluff. tivities were dedicated to the purpose.

The marker was prepared by the The program included a parade, elecBRIEF SERVICES FOLLOW

Utah Trails and Landmarks Association of a queen, flag ceremony, band CHOIR BROADCASTS concerts, contests. sports historic tion at the spot and and mounted The for arrangement servSunday NEW A

slogan, built pioneers Dr. C. Peterson, "The Eldon an empire; D.by Thomas "in ices the Salt Tabernacle Lake

build typified of seminary,"can a the Beck, Chandler, Harry and members we effect relievinto during August, went spirit drive. the of University Brigham a zoologon Young ing of the of its Tabernacle Choir some

ical expedition in the vicinity.

L. D. S. ENCYCLOPEDIA responsibilitymorning programand inprovidingthe interesta specialof the 19, 1939 July

Resignation of Mrs. Amy W. Evans, TO BE PUBLISHED numerous visitors to Temple Square.

for eighteen years a member of the npHE L. D. S. Encyclopedia, written Under the direction of Elder Richard

General Board of the National Womby Andrew Jenson, assistant L. Evans of the First Council of Sevan's Relief Society, was announced. Church Historian, will appear soon in enty, and production manager for the

Mrs. Evans, director of the organiza- a single volume, it has been announced. Choir broadcasts, a halfhour service

tion's social welfare department from The volume will represent a careful and is being conducted each Sunday at the 1933 to 1938, was honored by fellow complete compilation of historical data close of the weekly nationwide broadworkers at a special program and of practically every ward, stake, and cast of the Choir and organ. The Choir

luncheon at Pinecrest Inn. other units of Church organization. remains to participate in these morning

July 21, 1939 services, but is then relieved of further

Visitors at Church headquarters were CHURCH OBTAINS SITE regular Sunday duty. Music for the

Mr. Walter L. Heller and his wife, OF LIBERTY JAIL two p. m, services in the Tabernacle,

for furnyears has which been many Heller, formerly Williams Mrs. Annie at of Liberty remains Jail, LibTThe ished the will Choir, from by come Heller, of onetime Vienna. Mr. erty, Missouri, the where Prophet special choral groups. servAfternoon in the public banker accountant and several Smith others with Joseph was ices continue to held the direcunder be ad- a financialEuropean is now confined from to 1838, December, tion of President of Cannon Joseph J. is in viser Heller York. Mrs. Newcity, 1 a April, 839, revelations where and now Mission. Block the Temple nutritionist.

as 121, Sections 122, 123 and known

July 23, 1939 of the Doctrine and Covenants were WILSHIRE REORGANIZED,

Charles N. Campbell was named received, has come into the possession NEW WARD CREATED

the of the Church. ofbishop Second Rupert Ward, of the p\ivisiON Wilshire HolWard,

I. Purchase succeeding Stake, C. Wilford was madeMinidoka David by

unit, Stake, created l5wood a new selected from B.Garner. Counselors were Mr. and Carl Mrs. Wood

Hills Beverly the brought and Ward, Fischer, in lived Frederick B. Crandall the LyandClyde who commodious

it of with the appointment two new is original erected which the Schenk. upon homeman

bishoprics. efReorganization was jail foundation. floor stone old The 29, 1939July fected Albert 30th, on July by Elders jail of the part original the of stone and President Grant addressed Heber J. E. Sylvester and Cannon. Q. Bowen still are intact. wall enrollees of the hundred C. T.two M. the F. For Wilshire Henry Ward,

at Fort Douglas.C. do camp "Always succeeding the P. late David PRESTON CHURCH DAY Jackson, little than is requireda of you,"more Howells, bishop, with was named J. ASSISTS WELFARE his advice.was Clark counand Chipman, Mark Drew

August 13, 1939. piVE per cent of every cash purchase selors.

The Nampa, Idaho, First Ward of one dollar or over went to a For the Beverly Hills Ward, A. Elchapel was dedicated by Prest. Heber church group of the customer's choice don Rex was sustained as bishop, with

J. Grant, who spoke at two general seson July 26 in Preston, Idaho, on the William Jackson and Roger Cannon

sions held in the new hall. occasion of a special "Church Dayas counselors. The new ward meets

designated by the city's Chamber ot at the Beverly Hills Women's Club.

LIBERTY STAKE PLAY CENTER CONCLUDED An programeightweeks'conductedsummer byplaygroundLiberty

Stake Primary in the Second Ward received the commendation of visiting members of the Presiding Bishopric and the Primary Board who, on August 8, reviewed the accomplishments of the 150 children daily taking part at the

Church play center. In addition to

sports and games, the project sponsored band, harmonicaa tap dancing, woodworking, sewing, drawing, and other MISSIONARIES ARRIVEDLEAVING FORJULYTHE10, FIELD1939—DEPARTEDFROM THE SALTJULY LAKE20, 1939MISSIONARY HOME

handicrafts. A circus on the evening Left to rloht, first row: Samuel W. Hilton, Ruth Tanner, Marie Howell, Jennie Archihald, Hazel Kitchen,

of August 10 climaxed activities for the Lenore Fowers, Lilla West, Alvera Teepees, Van Gray.

season. Alva Cluff,Second Presidentrow: MelvinDon B.Hurst,Colton.Mahlon Johnson, L. Wayne Redd, Loretta Bowman, Eva Eebert, Robert Joyce,

Collins, Elmer Richard F. Keith Puamire, Graham.COMMUNITY Third row: Richard Davis, Billy Huish, Cecil Bodily, Don Conover, Elizabeth Rasmussen, Eldred Dance, UNITES TO

row: Harrison Fourth Fames, Reed Hunter, John Matheson, Ruth Taggart, Mrs. Johanna Dekker, KirkhamBUILD SEMINARY Stewart, Crabb, Hartvigsen. Freeman Jack

TIT'hat began as a ward plan became Albon FifthSmith.row: G. Lee Romney, Abel J. Ekins, Mack Tenney, Ethan Echols, John ESdredge, Lowel'Smith, '"a community undertaking when Sixth row: Howard Poulter, Ross Denham, Alva Snow.

fdib/iioL

WjdvuL $,. BallwuL ofttimes,fact of theirthesinceritysavings doesof a notlifetime.preventAndtheir solosing,it is

and loved mankind; Melvin J. Ballard pLDER well to ponder the thought that it is not only necesfor is necessary for sary to be men sincere—it knew him. beloved of all who in return he was right. Faith be thing, work them to in the wrong

With understanding sympathy he helped ceasefor the wrong thing, behef in error and untruth, lessly to solve the problems of the human heart. even though it be sincere belief, is a tragedy of life.

To bless mankind was the goal of his life. Men must be more than sincere. They must be

right. He knew with an unshakeable faith, that the way sincere—and

lay hereafter in the to happiness and on earth only protection only our And from error—our of the Lord Jesus to the surrender Gospel through of is not misplaced that our sincerity knowing means

eloquent Therefore, word and Christ. by in the the has by living Lord manner that God com-—is sincerity, he taught piercing with pelling example, presprescribed past spokesmen, both His and by

the reality and the divine message of the "Man of ent. There is no other way of assuring ourselves

Nazareth,"the Son of God. Under this influence that we are sincerely right and no other way of

the wills of many men were tamed for righteousavoiding the calamity of being sincerely wrong.

lives turned ness; and new awakened away from—R. L. E. light. and toward truth darkness sin and

vigorous body, of his strong the power With all PPuWXMSLY'*- himself * intelligence, he threw clear mentahty, and into the work of the Church—which as the Church Drobably the surest thing about life on this earth

of Christ he believed, beyond perishable doubt, is the constant change which is everywhere was possessed of divine authority. The assignmanifest. Spring follows winter; summer, spring;

ments were many; the responsibilities great; the autumn, summer; and winter, autumn. Children

whole and the sick called for help. In the midst become youths; youths, adults. Those whom we

of his labors he toiled, but he also rejoiced. love pass from this earth into a new sphere of action,

All Zion mourns his passing from mortality. and we are left to grope alone, taking comfort

Yet, we turn for comfort to the message that he only from the fact that we know we shall meet preached. Men, who were "in the beginning with them again, if we live worthily.

earth, in due to and on assigned are come God,"first frequently too comes, change we when At of estate in the next to labors assigned time are things that rebellious. wish to tend become We fill to anbut has gone hfe. endless Our brother to didn't are; that have they as could remain we

is in the all wisdom done appointment. other And conditions. altered But the to readjustments make

and by the love of God. when we have had time to consider, we learn that

Elder Melvin J. Ballard was a worthy Apostle of hard as the wrench was at the time of the change,

the Lord Jesus Christ, a mighty servant of the living greater good resulted. Without change, life would

static; there could be no progress. God. We stand gratefully before the beautiful be

record of his Hfe. "The Lord giveth, the Lord Truth is the only element that remains constant.

taketh; blessed be the name of the Lord."But we who are human must change constantly as

May solace and understanding comfort come to we learn truth. Our mortal minds cannot grasp

the whole of truth at once. Therefore a constant all who were near and dear to this good man—one

who was assuredly beloved of the Lord. ]. A. W. study is necessary that we may approximate truth.

That is the fundamental principle behind the Gospel. In our growth, we seem to change the face

of truth, when in reality all we change is our own horizons which broaden to accept more of truth.

"D Y WAY of excusing a man who has done the wrong As we grow in the Church, we see many of our thing there is sometimes offered in explanation beloved leaders pass on to greater fields of activity.

for his conduct the fact that he was sincere in what We lament their passing and wonder how we can he was doing. While sincerity is usually listed be appeased in their loss. But the work moves

among the virtues of men, it is well to keep in mind forward, and we come to see that in our sorrow the possibility of being sincerely wrong, and in such we have reached a fuller understanding of the very cases sincerity may become something less than principles which they expounded with such dih- a virtue. gence. In our love for them and their zeal, we resolve

that we will change our lives so that we may be

A man may be sincere in his persecution of other permitted to rejoin them at the end of our mortal men, but the fact of his sincerity does not lessen journey. It is we who have changed, not the

the evils of persecution. Indeed, it may enhance Gospel.

them. A man may be sincere in his intolerance and

bigotry, and his sincerity may add vengeance to Change therefore in our own lives is desirable these other undesirable qualities. Men are usually and necessary as we struggle to comprehend etersincere when they make bad investments, but the nal truth which changes not. M. C. /.

The Bible accounts of the creation of the earth and man, the early patriarchal days, the Garden ofEvidences and Eden, the Flood, and the Tower of Babel occur in early Chaldean records. It is evident that the

stories of these events were carried down fromreconciliations earhest antiquity. Actual deposits implying a great

flood have been found in Babylonia. Towers of

xvL, Gjisl ihsL jcvdjif, SookA. o JttuL Babel, Ziggurats, formerly crowned by temples,

have been excavated in Babylonia. One of these

(BiblsL (ihsL (pjmJtai&JUxJv cmiL may well be the Biblical Tower of Babel. (See

Smith, The Chaldean Account of Genesis; WoolaPujudl)?{ji&JUfikaUs Qifihsudt.? ley, The Sumerians, and Ur o/ the Chaldees.

Ur of the Chaldees has been found and unpvENTS and personages are of frequent mention covered. A high degree of culture characterized

in the Bible. The opinion has often been voiced Ur in the days of Abraham. It is clear now that

that they are but creations of the imaginationAbraham might have been a learned man, amply mythical figures and episodes, parts of Hebrew able to write his own memoirs. The people of Ur

folklore. However, it has always been conceded were polytheistic. Abraham, a monotheist, left Ur

that if they are found mentioned in contemporain protest against the worship of false gods. The

neous documents, outside of the Bible, their hisbirth and presence of Abraham in Ur and his detoricity may well be accepted. parture therefrom, as stated by the Bible, may

Just that has been found to be the case. Recent unhesitatingly be accepted. The name Abram was

archaeological study has uncovered ancient docuin use in the days of the "Father of the Faithful."

ments which certify to the correctness of the Bible accounts. Since the great war such finds have been It is now well known that in antiquity there was

especially numerous. Every spadeful of earth reregular, large intercourse among Babylon, Palmoved from the buried past, every broken potsherd estine, and Egypt. The journey of Abraham to the

uncovered, every inscription deciphered seems to Promised Land does not now seem so difficult an have added to the historical authenticity of the undertaking. Many of the cities of Canaan menBible, by direct or indirect proof. Indeed, these tioned in Genesis have been found and identified.

finds have made Bible times of four thousand years "UruSalem"(Jerusalem) was a city of importance ago better knov.n than English history, one thouin Abraham's day. One uncovered story seems to

sand years ago. And, future discoveries may add tell of Abraham's coming to Canaan, which was

much to present knowledge. looked upon as an invasion by some of the inhabiThis does not mean that every Bible historical tants of the land. The narrative of the battle of

statement has been confirmed, or that there are no four kings has been shown to be authentic.

errors in the Bible story. Latterday Saints have Modem scholarship has revealed that in the

long been taught to believe the Bible "as far as it is days of Abraham, shepherd kings, the Hyksos, translated correctly"; and also that the Lord operSemites of the blood of Abraham, had invaded

ates through imperfect human instruments. It does Egypt and become its rulers. That may account

mean, however, that if the major historical statefor the friendly reception of Abraham by the then ments are found to be correct, the verity of the ruling Pharaoh, a shepherd king. The discovered

whole story is enhanced. It has too often been the records inform us that neighboring nations came in

case that, because historical events in Holy Writ times of drought to buy foodstuffs from the fertile are but vehicles for moral truths, historians have valley of the Nile, just as the Bible declares was studied the Bible under a cloud of prejudice. That done by Jacob and his sons. A man is mentioned

is not the way of true scholarship. who represented the Pharaoh in hoarding grain in

It is not to be expected that all the events reyears of plenty and doling it out in lean years as corded in the Bible, often of minor and local hiswas done by Joseph.

torical importance, should be recorded on the monuThe shepherd kings, Semites akin to the Hements of the past in other countries. Kings sought brews, ruled Egypt until the time of Moses. The

to make imperishable records of their own valor. Egyptian oppression of Israel began about the time

At no time was Hebrew history of major concern the Egyptian rulers, not of Semitic blood, regained to neighboring countries. It is therefore surprising control of the country. The Pharaoh of the opthat so many of the events of Israelitish history pression of Israel was undoubtedly Thotmes III,

stand forth boldly in the recorded history of neighwhose mummified body has been found. The

boring lands. Pharaoh who ruled at the actual time of the exodus

Until a few years ago it was held that the comfrom Egypt was Amenhotep II, whose mummy has pilation of the early books of the Bible was based also been found. There is even some fairly acupon oral tradition, corrupted throughout the cenceptable record of the tenth plague, the slaying

turies, since the art of writing was not invented in of the first born. The princess who found Moses

the days of Abraham. Now it is known beyond has been identified with great certainty, under the

cavil that writing antedates Abraham by hundreds, name of Hatshepsut. Dates and persons from the

if not thousands, of years. It may well be believed, ancient records confirm the Bible story. That

therefore, that the early Bible books are based upon Egyptian and Biblical chronologies harmonize is of ancient documents written by Moses himself, and particular note in establishing the historicity of others. the Bible. (Continued on page 573)

THE CHAIN THAT BINDS that none other relationship will be binding wise. The first thing you do, go and seal

after death. on earth your sons and daughters unto

And herein is the chain that binds the yourself, and yourself unto your fathers hearts of the fathers to the children, and Says President Brigham Young: injn eternaleternal glorv.glory

fulfils fathers, to the children which the latter parents, to before Children the born Elijah, Referring to of the Smith.) coming Elijah. of (Joseph missionthe into fulness enter of the the covenants, have

in verse, eighteenth the says: he to in to sealed temple to be them a become as sealing, of ordinance temple'T'he

It is legal heirs true Priesthood. of the they It is sufficient this to in that case, know, the practiced in believed by and rereceive ordinances, the can they can will the earth smitten curse unwith be a

origin. is divine of Saints,Latterday their in ceive blessed endowments, and be less link there of welding kind is a some

seals, is that that ceremonySealing their still parents; with the but common fathers chilother or the the between and

binds, or unites the wife to the husparents cannot claim them legally and lawdren.... For we without them cannot be

band and the children to their parents in fully in eternity unless they are sealed to made perfect; neither can they without us

a family relationship for time and for them. Yet the chain would not be combe made perfect. Neither can they, nor we,

this plete sealing without ordinance being perfect those be without have made whoall one eternity, performed by when.. performed. this chain it is must. There be also; for in the died gospel necessary Priestthe of authority the Holyhaving

it in the Priesthood: holy must be welded in the in ushering the of the dispensation of of direction acting the under andhood latest the together lives generation that from is fulness of times, dispensation which now of Church. the Presidentthe the to earth Father on in, back (DisAdam. to beginning usher that and whole a

Through this temple ordinance, courses, pp. 614, 623.) complete and perfect union, and welding

those receiving it, if they continue faithtogether of dispensations, and keys, and ful, may attain to a fulness of the When all temple work is completed, powers, and glories should take place, and

Priesthood and the highest heaven or each faithful person will have joined be revealed from the day of Adam even to degree of the celestial kingdom, becomto him by the sealing ordinances every the present time.

faithful his of one to the descendants individuals as perfect and eventuallying principle sealing chilof the This of time. in will of turn, end He, conbe celestial of perfectedas a members to fully parents dren not underwas sealing his nected fathers in the with by organization.family first all its at in stood implications, their order of generations to back Adam authorunder Marriages performed explicit instructions. despite these Conin a perfect of Patriarchal Priestchain for are time of land theity of the law sequently the practice arose of adopthood. the family so uniononly, formed and ing families individuals to prophets and his President in George Cannon, Q. separates death to an endcomes when apostles other perand prominent and o[ written: Smith, has Life Joseph of parties. contracting Gospelthe The sons.

for a provides Christ, however,Jesus the bestowed faithful apostles upon He that will endure othermarriage ones the covenant chosen and and In 1894 President Wilford Woodruff endowments, eternally, uniting husband and wife not gave them the keys of the Priesthood in declared fully carried those have not out their fulness as he received them. had We He toshall live they foronly time—while in fulfillment the revelations of of also taught administered to the principles and them the throughoutgether upon earth—but in sealing to us, the fathers hearts of the God sealing in ordinances, great explaining folwill of eternity ages whichendless to children to the children the the and plainness the and power in which manner

low death. husbands and wives, parents and children fathers.... We have felt that there was

Such an eternal marriage covenant are to be united by eternal ties, and the more to be revealed upon the subject than can only be performed by those having whole human family back to Father Adam we had received...,

the proper Priesthood authority and be linked together in indissoluble bonds. When I went before the Lord to know

appointment. It follows that during In imparting these glorious principles and to whom I should be adopted, (we were

to being apostles adopted prophets and these his then bestowing and keys powers upon authority this divinetimes was when the Spirit said to me, filled you of God "Have fellowapostles, the Prophet with was of vast earth the numbersnot upon

I not a father begot you?""Yes, who godlike important doctrines power. More for necessarily marriedcouples were have."not honor him? "Then why ordinances and never were imparted unto Why

is only. kind the and Buttime Lord I, to said not "Yes,"adopted him?"be man.

just and has made it possible for those The spirit which rested upon Joseph in "that is right."I was adopted to my

who died without the privilege and teaching and upon the people in listening father, and should have had my father opportunity of being married or sealed to them (for he dwelt much upon these sealed to his father, and so on back; and

for time and eternity to have this orprinciples in public discourses) will never the duty that I want every man who predinance administered vicariously for be forgotten by those who heard him. It sides over a temple to see performed from

this forever, henceforth unless the day and to the effect of these abiding deep was and their living in detemples,them, by let otherwise, Almighty Lord commands teachings the that the of Saints minds upon sealing thescendants. only does Not every father. his to be adopted man Whenis, exertions, the extraordinary which were eternal for union provide thecovenant the receives a endowment, adopt him man in after his the death completing made

is provision wife, but andof husband father; his to to not Woodruff, Wilford temple, chiefly attributed. be may

also made for children to be linked as nor to any other man outside the lineage such eternally to their parents. Joseph Smith, in Section 128 of the of his fathers. That is the will of God to

The importance of the sealing orDoctrine and Covenants, writing of this people. I want all men who preside

these to temples in these over mountains who hold the Priesthood of God, is expresseddinance by Apostle James those

I this in bear business mind. have What says: as follows:E. Talmage the rights of to take the of lineage away

in did those auHence, whatsoever men wife, legally right as though to husband any has and man? Even any do man What

it thority, in the of the did Lord, and name I let this? secular the law, every adopted under be must be say No:wedded man

faithfully, truly kept proper and and and a to father; the his Priestthe ofsealed will authority exactly then do by you Holy what

it faithful the of record same, a law became if eternity, their in to valid union said declaredhood send be would God when He He in earth could heaven, be on not and and... in the last children Elijah to the prophet days.so been born must have whois

annulled, the the to of decrees according to forparents the Saints sealed time only Latterday married want from be We great Jehovah. this to far trace theirtheir after time as father genealogies parents mother and have

in the sealed other order to eachbeen celestial the marriage. affirms Church of Again: astherstheyandcan,mothers.and to Havebe sealedchildrento theirsealedfaThe

eternal perpetuity of all family relationThe doctrine or sealing power of Elijah to their parents, and run this chain through ships existing on earth under the seal and is as follows: If you have power to seal as far as you can get it. This is the will

authority of the Priesthood, and declares on earth and in heaven, then we should be of the Lord to His people.

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

T-Tere are some real cooking tips pra Peanut Butter and Date Sandwiches the Book Rack * pared by Barbara Badger Burnett, Spread a slice of Royal bread with On noted home economist who has met softened butter. Spread with Nalley's {Continued from page 540)

with signal success in the M. I. A. Peanut Butter. Cover with a shce of Royal Austria after the war, pointing out the

cooking schools she has held. Wheat Bread. Spread with butter and reasons why a RhineDanube axis was a

The recipes included here have been chopped dates. Cover with a slice of natural, even if undesirable from some

thoroughly tested by Mrs. Burnett and Royal White Bread. Press together and points of view, result from bungling after

have proved their worth by countless cut cornerwise. the World War.

others who have tried them. By carefully tracing the lines of interChocolate axis the communication of Hot between powers If to the live close attend enough you

Italy the points and Germany, author out

I. find will 1 Schools, A. Cooking youM. Ghirardelli's Chocolate cup desirability the of part both nations on the

1 in beetimmeasurable help sugar your making cup Utah home to control for Switzerland transadequate work delightful and easy. 2 cups hot water portation of troops and supplies. Italy's

is emWell, here are the recipes: 3/81 teaspoonteaspoon saltvanilla dependencephasized. on German good will

boil ingredients and for slowly 5 Mix impressive feature of the most The whole Pie Tuna minutes. vanilla, Cool, add in and pour unis objectivity the book with which Mr. Gra-

1 large Star jars. in ice can White box. sealed Tuna hot For Keep chochis is hcim points. makes There no emo-

1 cup cooked diced carrots this of to olate hot syrup add enough milk to tional this hysteria in scholarly treatment 1 cup cooked diced potatoes taste. suite is of the behind lines happening what of

1 cup or cooked canned peas states author his Germany. simply The

2 tablespoons butter Clover Leaf in facts case are undeniable. which The

3 flour tablespoons readers necessarily must reach the same 3/2 Clover cup milk Leaf conclusions which draws. Mr. Hutton

1 chicken can soup C. J.—M. butter; flour. Melt add Combine milk

and soup and to add gradually butter DIDN'T ASK UTOPIA and WE flour, stirring constantly until thick. Timbres, PrenticeAdd and Rebecca (Harry

tuna and vegetables. Season with more Hall, New York City, 1939. 290

salt if needed and pour into deep dish pages. $2.50.)

lined with crust. pie top Cover

and at bake 425 with crust YOUNG Dr. Timbres went to Soviet Russia, degrees minutes. for 30

where both he and his nursewife who

Cider Gelatine Salad had labored some years in Poland, had in for visited months and some worked 1 package Royal Gelatine Orange relief. his 1929, In he wife famine and cup pineapple juice 14 to two daughters migrated India where and l}/2 cups cider

organize to asked medical he had been some 13/2 cups diced pineapple in in also studied Bengal. while work He

1 seedless cup grapes the returned to States India United and Nalley's Salad Dressing Time in at for studied 1934, term he one where }/2 cup almonds school, served Hopkins. Leaving he Johns

3/8 teaspoon salt officer for for medical eight as a months Heat pineapple juice, gelatine add mix- (Continued on 548) page ture, stir until and dissolved. rest Cool; add

of ingredients. Pour into ring mold and

chill. Unmold on lettuce and fill center

with Nalley's Salad Time Dressing. Garnish with watermelon balls and frosted mint. FOR THE FINEST QUALITY ASK FOR

Coconut Cream Cake // Yi cup Clover Leaf butter 1 cup Utah beet sugar 2 Milk White eggs MILK WHITE EGGS 1 teaspoon vanilla 2 cups Globe "Al"Cake Flour 3 teaspoons Royal Baking Powder.

K cup Clover Leaf milk.

Cream butter and sugar together. Add

the egg yolks beaten until light and thick, and the flavoring. Sift the flour with the

baking powder and add alternately with the milk. Fold in the egg whites beaten stifle

and bake in layer pans 20 minutes at 375 degrees.

Filling 1 package Vanilla Kremel 1 cup coconut 2 cups Clover Leaf milk 1 box U. and L powdered sugar

the milk gradually Add to the Kremel.

coconut is Utah Poultry Producers'Coop Assn. stir until boiling andAdd point

reached. Cool and spread between cake 'Milk White Eggs"will be used exclusively in the Era Cooking School

layers. Cover top and sides with powdered September 27 at 21st Ward

sugar frosting.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1939

On the Book Rack {Continued [rom page 547) cooperative community administered by the

United States government at Arthursdale,

West Virginia. In July, 1936, he left for

Russia, planning that when he had his permanent visa he would send for his family Don't Serve that they might help in the great experiment going on there.

Through letters and journals, their work is traced, dramatic and poignant enough to have found its way into a novel for its very strangeness, and lending weight once IMPY again to the statement that truth is often stranger than fiction. Tragically enough

it ends with the death of the young doctor, victim of typhus, one of the diseases which he had been struggling to conquer in the asts heart of Russia, in a tiny village on the

Volga River.—M. C. /.

THE BEST SHORT STORIES (Edward J. O'Brien Collection,

Houghton Mifflin Company, 1939.

414 pages. $2.75.)

the in trends of student thoughtful THE the fail to out seek cannot world

O'Brien collection of short stories annually, because in addition to the most significant stories published during the current year,

Mr, O'Brien also gives "The Yearbook of the American Short Story,"which includes addresses of magazines publishing short stories, volumes of short stories published in the United States and Canada in 1938, the best books of short stories, articles on the short story in American periodicals, and the index of short stories in books.

In the introduction Mr. O'Brien strikes

a note of which we were all aware but which we hadn't dared voice: "Several

European cultures have died in the past few years."His culminating statement is

challenging: "As Europe crumbles, the

responsibility of interpretation in the near future becomes more and more swiftly ours."Into the collection, goes a story by a native Utahn, Gean Clark, teacher at Carbade to AdwoU bon College, Price, Utah. The title of

his story is "Indian on the Road."

Start your children off to school with a real Houghton Miffhn is to be congratulated energy breakfast that provides lots of nourishoncollection.its continuousMr. O'Brienpromotiondeservesof thiscommenstory ment—lots of pep and energy—a Globe PANdation for his care in selecting the stories

CAKE breakfast! School children often skimp to be included. M. C. /.

on lunches—don't skimp their breakfasts, too! APACHE GOLD AND YAQUI SILVER

Serve satisfying pancakes for breakfast. Make (J. Frank Dobie, Little, Brown and

them the quick, easy, THRIFTY way—with Company, Boston, 1939. 366 pages.

Globe "Al"Pancake and Waffle Flour. This $3.50.)

is against guarantee boredom SURE flour choice of thousands is the special pancake this mystery, adventure in which book A it of smart because women true the stories characterize the from contains lots of buttermilk for old southwest, including Four Corners, the for the Outlaw oi Navajo Mountain extra richness and flavor. So setting

in which ran Era two The Improvement quick and easy to use. Alyears ago, and stretching southward one

ways the same! thousand miles across the deserts, lava beds,

and mountains. The author has done an

amazing work of compiling fragments of information, writing to any and everyone whose name was suggested to him; travelGLOBE "Al"ing to discover those who were still living

and who could tell stories of their attempts to find the lost diggings that were first located by a man named Adams. PANCAKE --*"I-'MUso Theeasilysearchbecomesfor antheobsessionyellow metal,amongwhichmen,

usually results in sorrow, disaster, and death. FLOUR This story possesses all the qualities of the

best mystery stories, but it has this advantage over them: it is true. M. C. J.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1939

THE STORY OF A BABY BOOKS RECEIVED:

(Written and Illustrated by Marie Hall The King Pin, Helen Finnegan Wilson,

Ets, Press, Viking The New York City, Macmillan 1939. Company, York City, New

1939. $2.50.) pages. 62 $2.50. story of an impractical family The

which to get managed along somehow inMrs. the Ets observed keen hilariously. light Entertaining, reading.WHEN

terest children adults taken and by Rarae, of Hope, David Wine Good Macat exhibit the of arranged embryos human millan City, Company, 1939. York New the of University Loyola Schoolby Medi- $2,50. kind of book, Anthony Adverse Acine at Progress, of Chicago, Century A for in wellwritten the part, picturesque most SALADS '41933 the of 1934, she idea conceived and portrayal of a South patriarchate, African

this five she years,making book. For to seem whose the have wanderlust. menhas conferring studying; been doctors, with I* MEEDEO

nurses, and mothers; visiting maternity hospitals; sketching babies; and making scienTHE GUEST

tific drawings. This book is the glorious

result of her energy. By Daisy Constant Drexel

satisfactory Extremely to her of most life, into TJTe while; a little came myreaders fact that she does not try A lost he gone, in the Then was throng ofto first. explain to at the be life came is howthe

men; life states that merelyShe has passed been

I still feel the his smile. kindness can of from that so long"on ago nobody knows

will Although he not again. come way my it started,from what nor nor when, how."Brief his stay, though he riches gave me tells fertilized sheBut the us egg grows how rare;

finallyand as a child, emerges fullgrown find helped that inner myself, me He me; its toready begin mortal existence and faith taught contrite He and hope and me allfind life is that after good. prayer;

Doctors acclaim the book as the solution He showed me that the best is yet to be.

for many problems of both mothers and Bent on success, my head above the clouds, doctors. The director of the Loyola Cen- I'd lost the power to mingle with mere man.

tury of Progress, J. M. Essenberg, AssoHe taught me that the touch of milling

ciate Professor of Anatomy at Loyola Unicrowds, versity School of Medicine, states: "Here Would make me human, ere I'd crossed life's

with creditable accuracy Mrs. Ets has colspan.

lected and interpreted for children and layHe led me into paths before untrod;

men some of the interesting facts of human He set my feet upon the road to God.

embryology, especially those concerned with the development of the outer form. I know

from experience that The Story of a Baby meets a real need."M. C. }. Sentence Sermons THE T'-e/VeCDRESSING

(Concluded from page 513) W... and you'll make the same

School is a drill for the battle of discovery. You'll find that

life; if you fail in GHIRARDELLI'S the drill you fail salads are TANG

in battle. mild they're often flat—sowithout -fmi/tuf CHOCOLATE inclined to be tasteless. With

I would rather trust my child to a TANG, vegetables take on serpent than to a teacher who does new flavor... gain that

not believe in God. something which the name

implies. is a TANG TANG a The good angels never lose an dressing designed to give

opportunity of calling attention to foods the tang they naturally something good in everybody. lack. Don't serve salads without the economit. Buy

All our prayers are addressed in ical quart size. At grocers

flavor to with only. Add tangy TANG io ablethe handwritingto God and ofourselves the heart, readeverywhere. salads, sandwiches, cold meats, sea

Youth demands recreation, and if foods, sliced tomatoes, fresh or it is not in provided high places they cannedKxceptionallyasparagus,good oncheesepotato dishes.salad.

will seek places. it in low

Made by NALLEY'S, Inc.

The truly educated man will alManufacturers of Quality Foods ways speak to the understanding of the most unlearned of his audience.

THoJsma A Ifofyoua principle,learn only practicea fractionat ofoncethe that fraction you have learned.

What we did before we came here conditioned us here; what we do here

will condition us in the world to come.

In a hurry for a rich, moist, chocolate cake? Try Ghirardelii's Ground to Itouris lineour privilegeof duty thatto bewesocannotfastenedbe

Chocolate! No melting; no grating; turned away by the strongest current

right into the sifter with the flour! of temptation.

yj Saves time, steps, dishes! Every one of you, sooner or later,

must stand at the forks of the road and choose between personal interests and some principle of right.

If you want to make excuses to go to the Devil—he will give you all

kinds of excuses.

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; JOHN A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH F. MERRILL, AND SYLVESTER Q. CANNON

MEMBERS SUPPLIED WITH QUORUM PROJECTS POTATOES. ANTILIQUOR TOBACCO

Tt is interesting to note what was acCOLUMN complished in a project sponsored of the Regina Brother G. G. Whyte IS YOUR QUORUM byWHAT (See also page 516: "Who Has A Right in Saskatchewan. of the Church BranchDOING? Drink?") To follows writes as He

"pROM Twin Falls Stake comes the In May, 1936, we rented an acre and a HAS YOUR QUORUM following report of assignments to half of land, which cost us $5.00. Fifteen DONE AS WELL?

for purchased potatoes of bushels werequorums quorums Priesthood the Among with planted halfacre $14.40. was The

is assist to quorum Priesthood Each quarfor the second reports acre whose the different kinds of and at vegetables selfis not nowleast member one who of the potatoes. has excellent been that with ter planted Most work was show 1939; the in year so to becomesupporting the plant the potatoes to Saints helped on of reading distribution in the and done $1.00 pays that member quorum eachto see dry, very the 19th of ground was May. As in the campaign booklets used three the offering; as Fast family for the capitaper for hire to a a decided team and man we tobacco alcohol of the and nonuse for each to this, memquorum in additionand the in the as potatoes ground to drop $5.00 mentioned: be following the the Church to is contribute $1.00 to mayber planting the plowed. was was When program.Welfare the completed, ground harrowed was down 5o Ps:t pu oo a refuse their different families of did Saints the and members who those quorum For

to pay or cannot pay, the quorum is to share of the hoeing to keep the ground free devise ways and means of raising this from weeds, with a layer of loose earth on top. fair way. and in honorable anamount 'to 'S Quorum and Stake

after finished the planting was Soon we raise farm to wish quorums who Those i Sit!"rain. balthe small -aS of a had shower

this assignment to in pay group aproduce fell. of started the rain ance year no ForWe O O-n OtS conindividual so, or each may domay the 15th the potatoes digging of Sepon

assignthe to his producetribute pay own finished the 29th. small tember and on The 68th Q. Seventy

ment vegetables were a failure due to the drought, Lehi Stake 87% 87% 87% of raised potatoes bushels we 120% Elders 2nd Q. irrigation rain days, 118 or withoutQUORUM BUILDS A HOME butin Stake of Lehi 91% 91% 91% kind. After supplying the Saints with any

C L. Hammer of Idaho Falls, informs all the potatoes they wanted we sold $15.65 233rd Q. Seventy

** us that while attending a Welfare worth to the grocers. Mt. Ogden Stake 95% 95% 95%

meeting he heard of a quorum project 252nd Q. Seventy

to put one family on its feet. He knew New York Stake 92% 92% 92%

unfavorable living underof a family children. sevenconditions, with BrothNo.1st Q.SanpeteElders Stake.-90% 90% 90%

er Hammer writes:

High Priests'Q.

I was very prayerful over this affair. I Raft River Stake 100% 88% 88%

met the husband's father and mother, and also his wife's father and mother. I ex6th Q. Elders

plained what we'd like to do as a quorum. Rexburg Stake 12% 100% 100%

... I also told the bishop, consulted him 6th Q. Elders

about the home, and to be sure he was Beaver Stake Makes this report:

very pleased. "These pamphlets have

in every put home been together; I adult committee called we my has check no—but Priestof the Melchizedekthen gave some

to as numbeen made us. join of to an opportunityhood One

them."read having ber and do, said brethren roomsthe would two

Elders 3rd Q. it larger. ourlater could they But make

report: this Stake Makes Beach Long said, house."build "Let's a himcommittee

homes.""In all the trucks with to work. went men TenSo we

5th Elders Q. hills for to the lunch boxes wentand

timber; some started to dig the basement. No. Idaho Falls Stake 99%

I never saw so many willing men ready to High Priests'Q.

do their share. We didn't have a fullPioneer Stake 86% 86% 86%

fledged carpenter, so we were "Jack of all

High Priests'Q.trades."

Franklin Stake 97% 97% 97% fortyseven worked: were There men who 18th Q. Seventy

three Priests, Elders, seventeenfour High Franklin Stake 100% 100% 100% rest theSeventies, four nonmembers, and were adult Aaronic Priesthood. The house 116th Q. Seventy

was started September 12th and the family TOP: HOME OF RULON S. RADFORD, FIVE Franklin Stake 100% 100% 100%

moved in October the 8th. The family was MILES NORTHWEST OF IDAHO FALLS ON THE 2nd Q. Elders

very enthusiastic. MONTANA HIGHWAY. Franklin Stake 82% 82% 82%

BUILT FORTYSEVEN CENTER: MEN Elders THIS 3rd Q. is size the of 24 house 24 feet, by The LABOR. BY VOLUNTARY HOME Franklin Stake 100% 100% 100% feet 10 12 and 10 two rooms rooms bytwo MR. MRS. BOTTOM: SAM HAMMER, AND Elders 4th is five feet. It miles Q. 14 northwest locatedby PRIESTHOOD AARONIC ADULT SUPERVISORL.

Franklin Stake. the Falls WIFE. highway. 100% 100% 100%of AND on Montana Idaho

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1939

a. What Dr. David Starr Jordan says

b. The Word of Wisdom injunction

Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, September, 1939

Text: Priesthood and Church Welfare. LESSON XXVII

The Health Resources of Man (Chapter 27) LESSON XXV incomes on which to retire are I. Health the means of achieving life's

Making Old Things New often the lot of the more capable purposes (Chapter 25) b. Withdrawal of their services from II. Life spans and their significance

society a waste outside countries the a. In United damaged and I. Worn goods—how c. protime Leisure should be made States past the in treated been they have ductive States: of b. the period In United old to value give II. times new Hard ignorance of source can a be VI How life productive almost doubled goods waste since 1880. organizawelfare social a. of Work a. in things doing a poor By way life figures III. indicate insurance What tions b. lowquality products producing By the a. values: average About money disof distribution and Collecting b. c. skill, of lack of Through knowlindividuals of earning power for articles needy carded to efforts, organize one's edge how b. values: a enjoyment new About old not be clothes"III. may "Old to of adjust to one's comhow asset of kind fourat retrieved items of a. Example munity life is full to live health's Ability a IV. in storehouse Ogden bishops'stake of confidence VII a source Loss of waste greatest value of result as products Attractive b. a. Plundering of property or honor costs Illness has V. many care. labor litde and the dishonest by actual a. In money 1. Dresses b. Standards goods and in of b. loss In quality needed—of work 2. Suits of conduct c. inability leisure to In time enjoy training of c. system incidental An VIII not only destroys Vice d. reserve inner lack of to wastes—it In meet cleaning, of program involved: exploiter not producer IX but a The a life crises of daily remodeling mending, waster health: of physical conVI. Safeguards cloth of of scraps use Creative IV. a. Conservation natural of disease quest essential—of as carried ward on a. Quiltmaking: resources spiritual alike values and Scientific a. methods projects group b. service Real performed only when b. sanitary Rigorous procedure matting carpets, b. Rag substantial intellectual, physical, it to health: VII. safeguard Mental how hobbies individual c. of Cultivation spiritual or are goods produced a. life strains of provide modern The rebuilding Shoe V. X. conserve energy human To environment abnormal an shoes wornout a. wasted: Nothing a. a to provide program Need em- b. regulation Planning, necessary a patches for leather provide ployment: the Welfare Plan health guard acother of b. when work source A 1. prevent moral mental To and is c. Stabilizing will greatest control:

tivities slack deterioration create and indelife facing squarely metal in and wood VI. Wonders pendence d. of conquest hurry worry and The repairs a. Furniture b. a of Need program education on nature's restoratives through repairs b. Stove the part of individual each VIII. against stimulants Safeguards and c. buildings of Renovation 1. remove ignorance elimTo and a. satisfied honest hunger with An can fences: and saw what hammer inate waste food good paint do—and XI. living Clean the greatest will b. healthful conserver An d. of machinery farm Preservation of human energy the of IX. of promise The Wisdom Word e. surroundings of home Upkeep

VII. To keep churches attractive a. Interior decorating MONTHLY REPORT OF THE L. D S. STAKE MISSIONS

o[ the Seventy Made by The First Council b. Exterior landscaping

the For Month o{to June,The Council1939 of the Twelve Apostles June June the real goal RebuildingVIII. men 1938 1939

a. To provide happiness in work and MISSIONARY ACTIVITIES

in the home 1. Number of times out doing missionary work 7,242 7,673

2.. in missionary Hours spent work themselves 16,633 assist to help men b. To

of for the first homes entered 3. Number 3,654 time—15,6545,252 in find their place and the social 4. of invitations to return Number 5,499

group 5. Number of revisits. 4,440 5,003

LESSON XXVI 6.7. NumberNumber ofof GospelStandardconversationsChurch Works Distributed: 11,889 13.332

Loaned Sold as a Resource: EnergyHuman 8 II

of Clean ValueThe 146 128 Living CopiesCopies ofof thethe BookBibleof Mormon (Chapter 26) Copies of the Doctrine and Covenants 14 15

Copies of the Pearl of Great Price 10 7

I. Human labor makes all of world's TOTAL (Loaned and Sold) 339 458

8. distributed of other books 421 357 Number possible work

9. Tracts 19,474 Distributed 12,212 and Pamphlets Number

II. An enormous waste of human energy 10. hall meetings 274 244 Number ofof held by missionaries

a. Parallel with Niagara Falls 11. Number of cottage meetings held by missionaries 551 490

hall missionaries cottage attended 1,802 1,949 meetings Number of and who b. minutes In time: wasted by indi12.13. at investigators of cottage present hall meetings 3,076 3,288 Number and total viduals to a huge amount 14. of a result of missionary baptisms as work: Number

c. Through ignorance ( 1 ) Of people over 15 years of age 81

years people of 15 age: under Of (2) d. health Through ill

a. of parents Both are whose members 62 habits bad e. Through b. Others of years 15 under age 56

f. Through misdirection TOTAL 199 162

of inactive Number of the Church brought into activity through stake.missionary members III. Mechanical

service during the month 232 344 in of Stakes a. A great boonservantsin some ways 15. Number 127 the Church 123

1. Timeand laborsaving Number of stake missions organized 124 119

2. in efficiency Increase

b. In some ways detrimental Number of stakes reporting MISSIONARIES 89 103

1. Creates unemployment Number of districts 319 372

..., Elders 221 227 2. craftsmanship Destroys

1,368 1,015 curse double IV. The Priests of idleness as a SeventiesHigh 288 210

result of unemployment Women 345 324 a. Loss of what might have been pro-

2,201 1.797 TOTAL duced 511 Number of missionaries making the minimum requirement

b. Loss of ability to produce efNumber of missionaries making less than minimum requirement 719

fectively Number of inactive missionaries 410

V. Idleness as a result of choice Not classified 157

a. Short hours of labor, leisure lives, TOTAL (agrees with total above) 1,797

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

conof Christ of persons of Latterday are examples Jesus innumerable the Church WISDOM ESSAYWORD OF

Saints, to the they took with athletics, a revelation from nected who, world gave when EFFECTIVECONTEST entirely the faded drinking correct concerning code and up smoking by which God 'T'he means adopted by the Bonneville all people should live. That portion of it from competition....

Stake Aaronic Priesthood Comconcerning the effect of alcohol and tobacco Alcohol and tobacco are not harmful to alone. follows: the undethe muscular system on They body asmittee to induce many Aaronic

effect the verily, saith the thus and unto niably "Behold, on Lord mind have some as posmembersPriesthood Quorum evils It has as well. found been In of designs nervous consequence system you: and

sible to read the three pamphlets pubwhich do and will exist in the hearts of that smoking definitely impairs efficiency in lished by the General Committee of conspiring men in the last days, I have work, especially in school work. On this,

the Church in the campaign against warned you and forewarn you, by giving Dr. George Lewis says: "In fifty years

tobacco, liquorthe use of and was to unto''Thatyou inasmuchthis word asof anywisdomman bydrinkethrevelation.wine noat thetobaccohead userof thein class,Harvardalthoughhas graduatedfive out of contest. essay Copies anpromote

the three pamphlets, "Nicotine on the or strong drink among you, behold it is of six were users."Dr. Seaver, Director,

University: Laboratory, in Yale Physical "Out neither sight of good, the meet your to Youth,"TalksAir,""Alcohol

at only scholarship Yale the highest of and notFather, in toassembling men yourselves only in Practical Wisdom"The Word of all the tobacco. cent use 5 per offer to gether men Of before up your sacraments

Terms,"were secured from the ward him. who do not get appointments, 90 per cent

committee and distributed among the "And again, strong drinks are not for use tobacco."

quorum members, all of whom were inthe belly, but for the washing of your Dr. M. V. O'Shea conducted an inquiry

vited to join in the contest. bodies. among one thousand high schools of the

The results were decidedly encour- "And again, tobacco is not for the body, middle west concerning the effect of the the in of school work. neither high for use the tobacco belly Of for is not and good cent of the large boysaging. per A

is school high great of boys number but all for herb who man, bruises sick an and essays. entered the pamphlets andread the 15.9 cent cattle, per to only above were smoked, skill."used with be judgment and

first quorums, judged by wereThese cent per while in school work, average 60 Especially applicable are today these finally for stake the wards,then and by the that conclusion below. was were The advice. of words companies, Large hot on final judging donewinners. was intellectual is The to detrimental of use tobacco trail the of personal remuneration, adverby the editorial staff of the Deseret tise and campaign extensively to persuade effort, and in extreme cases paralyzes menNews. The winners were then invited unsuspecting persons to accept and use their tal activity.

to present their essays at the general products. It is subtly suggested through Scientists today are investigating the efsession of stake conference at which the use of very artistic drawings and signs fects of alcohol and tobacco on the body.

time they were awarded leatherbound that if their product is used, the user will They have found through their research heart system that the blood conveying as and or charming become as beautiful as or the of thesets of Standard Works either, the of greatly are use liked well by damaged the as the person advertiser's on bishoprics In the wards,Church, some the of especially tobacco. use poster. but is more the Actually, by true. reverse Toes- for thealso winning awards made is raised of pressure a smoker blood alcohol bacco The and contain poisons which,

are threesays. essays winning The rate live ten the to pulse points, from and instead of bringing about charm and

published herewith. beauty, cause the complexion to become is raised from five to ten beats per minute.

sallow and blotched and create in the user Your very life depends upon the way your

PRIZE WINNING PRIEST'S ESSAY a state of nervousness and slovenliness heart serves you. Let us consider for a

By George Richard Hill (Yale Ward) which is not to be found in nonusers. moment that your heart is capable of beating

The Word of Wisdom An athlete or any person who needs three billion times. This is the actual numOne hundred and six years ago, in Kirtsteady nerves and a clear mind cannot ber of normal heartbeats (approximately,

land, Ohio, Joseph Smith, the founder of safely use these depressant drugs. There of course) in a life span of seventy years.

If a person's heart rate were increased ten beats per minute, in one year his heart would have pumped 5,256,000 extra times. This

means that the normal lifespan of a heavy smoker is lessened by one eighth. Instead

of living to the age of seventy, the smoker would probably die at sixtytwo—if he did

not die long before that due to the poisons acting on other parts of his system.

As was mentioned before, the tobacco works not only on the heart, but on the other vital organs as well. The poisons

found in a cigaret are capable of causing immediate death if taken directly. These

poisons, as taken in smoke are slowly absorbed into the system and cause numerous prolonged ills rather than immediate death.

The advocates of alcohol claim their product to be a food. "A food is a substance,

that when taken into the body, builds, repairs, and nourishes the tissue and cells of the body; provides heat and supplies energy

for the processes of life. By this definition

alcohol is not a food. It contains no nitrogen with which to rebuild or repair cell

waste; no sugar, starch, mineral matters,

fats, or vitamins, all essential in maintaining the body in good health. It is true

that alcohol taken in small quantities is removed from the body largely by combustion and that it does in that way supply some heat, but since it fails utterly to meet

AARONIC PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS OF EMIGRATION WARD, BONNEVILLE STAKE, WITH STAKE LEADERS the other requirements of a food, and may

All quorums have standard quorum awards. even cause excessive loss of protein, and

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1939

besides interferes as a narcotic with all normal functions of life, it cannot be classed as a food. Authoritative science is conclusive on that point. Besides, alcohol acts

as an irritant to the organs of the body, predisposing them to disease, and it develops a vicious, compelling habit—things

not done by a food."

The above quotation from The Word of

Wisdom by Dr. John A. and Leah D.

Widtsoe destroys completely the claims made by alcohol distillers. These distillers

do not mention in their claims that alcohol leads to crime, to an increase in the number disease, to and deaths,of automobile to LEFT: GEORGE HILL, JR.; CENTER: WALLACE BENNETT II; RIGHT: LLOYD MATHIS.

ills. social greatest other of the Theymany

do not say that their product will form such sacriwill that he holda on the individual tobacco advertisements, cigarette to urge enough it important Himself to some deemsfice in to also order get it. everything They

throat and the effect of tobacco, the use on against His people a harmful it does havefail financial the cost enormous to mention is this statement for left authority alone. lungs. should be My Rather, nation. the the theyto of people

S. Regular Army, the of U. Colonel Maus is that for smoking reason not second it is correct to socially that drinksuggest My

rejected are that states young men who only good. tobacco could no do me The drinking a matter "keeping of upand make for Annapolis Point and at annually West is gets a from asset possible smoking onewith the Joneses."

of use the lungs caused by undeveloped real socalled certain of enjoyment. amount result of large research of a a amount As

to like I not Certainly would tobacco. it that proved has been However, when it fronts, of found: has a beenon number harmful in a has habit which a indulge if is substito trying he smoking, stop onefirst, in are that tobacco alcohol not and

to indispensable effect those organs on else tofor his tutes or something candy to beneficial the body;any human way is It interestlungs. throat and speech, my I just as gets enjoyment. bacco, he much cell tissues, that they destroysecond harm he admits himself that Nicotine ing to note I get possibly that could believe not dothe heart system, pulmonary and and wreck

lungs. is and throat the to harmful I from smoking enjoyment am when much third, the that with system;havoc nervous

their use costs the country's citizens billions aware of the many harmful effects tobacco According to Dr. M. H. Dearden, a memof dollars annually; and, fourth, that their has on the body. ber of our stake, tobacco injures the eyes.

use leads to an increase in crime, disease, This brings me to my third point. I do He said that when smokers with headaches

automobile deaths and to a great decrease not smoke because the habit would do me and eye trouble quit smoking, their pains in personal efficiency. With all these facts much harm. I shall enlarge on this point decreased. After they had quit smoking,

before us it seems strange and incompremore fully than the other two because it Dr. Dearden was able to give them some

hensible that so many people would fall for is perhaps the most practical reason today. glasses which did some good.

the line of the advertisers slaves and become like not I should to smoke if Certainly see us just tobacco Let what would harm

..to the habit. alcohol and tobacco it. if I eyes. affect it the first place, In the used habit would. do my to me

findings science the of concerning The I I affect health. aswould hope can my point the supporting argument next Myeffects of alcohol the tobacco and on human realizes that the everyone importance sume is the that harm tobacco would do much me to the merely serve confirm ofbody word the health. of important most Perhaps good hard fact be that on smoking would mythe to Lord. those given promise The who is in factor maintaining health sound a good the of O'Shea, record. school Dr. V. M.

is just the out beingobey law brought by affect heart. tobacco heart? Would my surconducted of a Wisconsin, University

It isscience. that astonishing so many are so "All observers agreed,"summarized credits scholastic the years on few ago a veypeople, the they of both have when word in for Dr. E. Dixon Standards Medical W. After having nonsmokers. of and smokers

fall into the of should andman God, Word in- "that the of 1928, use March, tobacco it into account, influence other every taken is Itthe habit of poisons. these using two creases the rate five pulse ten to from as that a of the smokers, group found was in this greatest the of duties ofone youth in minute, the case beats of a and man who disin ranked standing whole, academic to thecountry acquaint with the public is rate increase continually in the smoking cigatinctly did use not those below whoevils of alcohol to tobacco show and and by permanent."becomes all. rets at

fitness the physicalexample mental and this Let see us means. what average The I like to this further should back up To total attainedwhich through can be abis resting rate pulse seventytwo per beats

the directly "Nicotine again from on quote theirstinence use. from in times minute day. 100,000 over and a

It F. Fisk, says: "Dr. Air."Herbert In the totals rate a times. year 40,000,000 Preparatory of Principal NorthwesternPRIZE TEACHER'S ESSAY WINNING is if the just of heart job the That were you scholin the reporting Evanston, at School

if all rest Bennett at [Yale the time. WallaceBy But Ward) added you his in astic in school of standing 300 boys

five the ten to times per increase minute their pointed relation the to of use tobacco, I Don't Use TobaccoWhy certainly caused total tobacco, the by would three the constituted that only smokers out be unnecessary for the heart much work I to since old been enough have Ever class; the the in fourth of per cent upper

I to do. like to directly should quote now institutions thisattend various the of Church, class, eleven in the only quarter of the second

little instructive that from pamphlet,I "Nicoto tobacco. use not Since urged been have I interof cent."youth today per a As am tine if It Air."the will says, on "But I you realizedarriving at Priesthood age, have in record school. scholastic has ested My it this to the effort increased add (the now this of counsel.the expediency is to been, be imcontinue should now, and heart) of the in rise must because make I like to for reasons give should you my I I indon't believe to should portant me.

I pressure blood (nicotine) cause, which is that wise. advicebelieving such Because inin habit might dulge probably a which that see is of can use you your not I me that reasonsof three believe tobacco main jure standing. academic my just to at.''something winked be Moreleft First,in alone: form should be any

I final effect will enlarge harmful The if over, set to allow certain you it. up me tothe not use has us Lord commanded

is to the Perhaps family pocketbook. upon pathological conditions in the heart it and if couldSecond, Third, good. do no me

all realize the don't expensive how we arteries, is science toward which and it, more I it used harm. do would much me

is. I If habit should one smoking smoke finger, pointing more an accusing can all you are that the has aware Lord comWe fifteen for cigarets of cent pack a day if understand off better be would you why to tobacco. us use not exact Hismanded

it that year. year, cost $55.25 one would all."did at use not the Nicotine, you me the in subject, the verse 8thwords found on

of the 89th Section of the Doctrine and narrator of that pamphlet, also states, "The If three members of a family were smokCovenants, are as follows: "And again, great wonder to me is that the blood vessels ers, the cost would be $15.00 a month, or

tobacco is not for the body, neither for the and organs are able to withstand the normal $180.00 a year. Fifteen dollars a month

belly, and is not good for man but is an herb strain of life as long as they do."will speedily furnish a home, will insure a

for bruises and all sick cattle, to be used Thus we see that tobacco has a decided college education to all the children, will with judgment and skill."Because I believe effect on the heart. This reason alone could carry valuable insurance, will provide

in following the Lord's commandment as warrant my nonuse of tobacco. dental care, and will secure some wholebest I can, I think this reason for not using The next harmful effect of tobacco would some recreation. I believe many more

tobacco is the most important of all that be to my throat and lungs. I am very worthwhile things can be purchased by

could be given. Certainly, when the Lord much interested in speech work. Contrary {Concluded on page 554)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1939

Aaronic Priesthood tostartedsmoke,on theseanotherclevercampaign.advertisersTheyhaveare stainExperienceabsolutelydemonstratesfrom all formsthat ofwhentobacco.men

(Concluded from page 553) trying to induce us, the younger generation, use tobacco they cannot do as well as when that family with the $15.00 a month that to form the habit. We, the citizens of tofree from its effects. Under the influence

they spent for tobacco.... morrow, are the ones who are being influof tobacco the young man is less alert, less

I have attempted to show you the harmenced by these racketeers. steady, and has less endurance. No sane

ful effects tobacco would have on me if I Young people suffer greatest from the man can afford to handicap himself before used it. I have attempted to show for three effects of nicotine. They are trying to sell a contest. We young fellows cannot afford

main reasons why I feel that the advice us young people by showing us pictures of to handicap ourselves before entering mangiven me is worth while. In other words, famous athletes who are paid vast sums of hood.

I have tried to show just why I do not money for the use of statements about the We, as young members of the Priesthood, use tobacco.... wonderful merits of the cigaret. should be thankful that we are members of

Every schoolboy knows that when athletes a Church which teaches us the harmful

PRIZE WINNING DEACON'S ESSAY are in training for a contest they must abeffects of tobacco.

By Lloyd George Mathis (33rd Ward)

Misleading Advertising of Cigarets

One of the most profitable businesses in IxfwuL Jmchsuiik OdtobsA., 1939

the manufacture world today isthe TybAbjaqsL year the profits Every COMMANDMENTSsale of cigarets. and THE TWO GREAT

made on cigarets are growing by leaps and Jesus said unto him, Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and bounds. Thousands upon thousands of with all thy soul, and with all thy mind.

people of every class are being added to This is the first and great commandment.

the fold of cigaret users. And the second is like unto it. Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself.

Advertising has built this enormous busiOn these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets."

ness. Almost every magazine or newspaper—Matthew 22:3740.

you pick up has colorful advertisements telling the wonders of the leading brands. TlyTosT of the world's present ills are due to flagrant disregard of the two

Many radio programs advertize cigarets. great commandments referred to by Jesus in such striking and forceful

These advertisements cost a fortune, but language. Most of the difficulties in nations, in communities, and in families

they bring the desired result, which is, to arise from the same cause.

of habit smoking. to the convertsbring new first to alone guide should both be sufficient The as a commandment of start are assured they theyAnd when divine relationships. the and really loves never human Lord who A person life. forcustomers

The advertising in the cigaret advertisedoes anything to offend, to injure or oppress one of His children. Therefore,

ments is very clever. They aim their adloving God, one would also love His children.

vertisements at one group of people and thn But because human beings are weak and at times thoughtless and foranother. When one group is initiated they getful, the second great commandment was given: "Thou shalt love thy

start a new campaign. A few years ago neighbor as thyself."This second admonition clearly was given to reinof even fun and made were smoked whomen first. force the of these guide, a as members commandments two With

cigaret for the fools. yearsconsidered So family, the for except temptation, should have weakness human and human their in advertisementsadvertisers showed

their able lives so been that to order happiness have and prosthey would smoking. of big, strong "hemen"pictures

People began to believe that if they smoked perity in this life and salvation in the life to come.

they were "hemen."The next class they But, again, an allwise Heavenly Father, knowing the weakness of the

aimed at was the socalled aristocratic class, flesh, gave other commandments, all amplifying the first two and giving the people in society you see dressed in specific warning against the most common of human sins.

tuxedos and silk hats. The billboards had Latterday Saints, having been given much light and great blessings,

pictures of "menabout-town"and society should strive to show appreciation for the goodness of the Lord by acceptsmoking.dudes in their in their lives ing great guide the homes, as a commandand two

this to point advertising All this up was all all hearts, ments. love the should our with Lord above We, still in the were at men.aimed Women

souls, also neighbors, love minds. our brethren, should our and our our people,We approving looking of and onbackground

the men smoking. and our sisters. This love should not only be acknowledged; it should be

Slowly the women in the advertisements demonstrated. We should show our love by building Jiis Kingdom, by

were moved closer and closer until we see living lives that will please Him, by sustaining His chosen servants, by the woman lighting the man's cigaret. Finalhelping each other, by kindness and consideration for the least of His

seen with thely the smoking was woman children, the poor, the needy, the humble—in short, by living lives of true style the and it became for womenman Saints. to Latterday

smoke.

Let's look at these advertisements and see what they say: "Camels never get on my

nerves.""For digestion's sake smoke

Chesterfields.""Smoke Luckies, they don't MILK ALCOHOL

get your wind."Dr. Chas. H. Mayo: "Milk is one Prance—Dr. M. Magnan: "All the

One will find that these are the things of the most important things in the alcohols are dangerous."

cigarets. adverthat are with wrong The world."William Robertson: Scotland—Dr.

capitalize thistisers just stating on fact by alcohol Children's Bureau: "Fat and sugar "Athletes in any who drink

the opposite, thereby hiding the real truth. for warmth and energy; protein for form never last long."

If print thing in see a long blood, for building; enough minerals we we body United EmerHaven States—Dr. it is it not. believe to true teeth; health orbegin whether for vitamins and bone in son: even "Alcohol moderation the cigaret examination of package growth."and An selfcontrol, realessens judgment,

iswill that there sign absolutely Asso Medical show (American no Hygeia will."son, exercise of the and

It is is things to the claim milk. inof true they best ciation): ""The food be magazines and papers. The Pure Food and protective in the highest sense of the Germany—German Association of

Drug laws of the United States do not perword."Neurologists and Psychiatrists: "The

mit false statements to be printed on the White House Conference on Child drinking of liquor lessens personal reall to shortkinds of disease, is is for sistance labels. stateof the foods Health: one "Milkpackage This why general

ens life, acproduces crime and and is substieffective the rather thanments are no which there package put on the flattering promises they try to put over tute."cidents."

in their advertising. Senator Royal S. Copeland: "Pure England—iSir James Crichfon

Yes, these advertisers are very clever milk is just as essential to successful Browne: "It blurs the moral twinges."

and treacherous. They live at the expense medical practice as are drugs."British Medical Association: "Alof people's physical, mental, and moral Bureau of Economics: "Children cohol is from first to last a narcotic

health. After convincing the "hemen,"need one quart of milk daily."drug."

society men, and the women that it is proper

General Superintendency General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

STREET MAIN NORTH I. A. 50 Y. M. M. CITY. SALT LAKE Q. MORRIS UTAH LUCYY. GRANTW. M. CANNONI. A. GEORGE

JOSEPH J. CANNON General Offices Y. W. M. I. A. HELEN S. WILLIAMS

BURTON K. FARNSWORTH 33 BISHOP'S BUILDING VERNA W. GODDARD

A. BEESLEY, CLARISSA KIRKHAM, SALT OSCAR A. LAKE CITY, UTAH

Secretary Executive Executive to Committees Secretari Send all Correspondence Direct to General OSices

reliable source upon which to base reports. fort to understand them. It is best, thereToo often the stake and ward board memfore, not to attempt to make the report too

bers assume that improvement is being made exhaustive. It is better if it singles out a

and will venture so far as to give statistics few points on which it is desired to conTHE MONTHLY REPORT AS AN which,actual figures,when compareddiffer considerably.with the secretary's provementcentrate effortsbeginsforto improvement.appear and betterAs perim-

AID TO WARD AND STAKE One function of the secretarial work of formance becomes more and more noticeBOARDS any organization is submitting the story able, the report may be modified, and attenTalk by Ruth Peterson, Pocatello Stake. which reports tell, to the leaders, whether tion and effort be concentrated upon ottier

it for factors of leaders, use improvement. needing be Comprehendepartment or ward I. is the Ever Onward,"M.**/NWARD, salient officers. the sive reports only stake and effort should time show and Much - to us causes which A. watchword is to items, attendance, as devoted gathering such membership, numfacts organizing and

is to to heights.press greater aim on Our into reports of meetings, ber attendance are of board and then they and simply hidden influence thehave under everyone come the officers achievefrom accomplishments, members, and should away who know

I. spirit is Uving, the of a A.,and which M. their is activity reveal. in the they program, and what report better ments no A is spirit force.vitahzed missionary The its usefulness. than report the ago, year with comparison one

intocarried prowork. our Mutual The the officers just the True, matter of ago, or years are two with other maybe busy

the reach ofgram must members more it last features of the is month. work, but important

too;Church, the organand nonmembers the to progress of the organization that Summary:ization to continue grow. must minimum A they accurately be informed the about consecretaries, task, then, should as be Our in of ten centgoal per increase a year dition the at present time, features and about keeping "live"an to records our by make least twothirdsmembership, the at of and the showing for need If improvement. the orour of record complete accurate andenrolled attending meetmembers Mutual records reveal is that the losing Mutual relating informaganization, such and bytings, set. has been is or ground it developing is spots, weak executives to reports tion in the form our of Carefully inspired planned activand the responsibility of the secretary to warn vital of the will progress as to the work. beity lesson and programs have given been the officers of these conditions. should They the stake reports an give should ward The attract tous the of members and Church exactly show the organization what has is trying the understanding of ward whattheir to friends our meetings. Mutual Other it and done to where seems going, be wheto in turn report stake accomplish, the andthings It is considered. must be necessary ther or backward forward. of idea give the should an General Boardfor executives the to accomplishhave fall secretaries Upon reof the much is progressing. the work how the ofments organizations carefully desponsibility for details of plans for using will fact satisfaction that the in be Ourtailed. are referred to usually These as various of this bringing ways information bit tried sercontribute of to our have wereports. before the boards. report a Whenever vice our of the accomplishment toward obuninteresting can dry and reports be How shows some evidence it of improvement, jectives.of to value stake ward and in thus boards nourishes feeling It of a success. will helpstimulating progress in and achievement show has what been accomplished also andthe attainment the of definigoals? The assist in them making for plans completingtion of report offiis—"to give a formal or unfinished any work and should inbe ancial or account statement of proceedings."spiration for to them better even make aExpressions, as: "pulse,"such print,""blue the showing coming month. Christensen, Nichols, Chairman; H. Elmer Mark M. "picture,""gauge,""measuring stick,"are Aldon Eyre, Winters, G. Ployed Elwood is G. secretary J. the The officer only has who termseveryday Giles. which can to applied be Anderson. D. John the of means discovering improvements orreports. deficiencies, Explorer encouraging thus of means having the to power keep Asa comprehensive comparative report has A the organization steadily moving forward. the Explorer leaders to promote unlimited to value if executives which, used, this performing By duty conscientiously, exintensively, thereby more program indicateshould to the them condition the of intelligently, effectively, and his will work its the of to boys tending value morestake, or ward, department as the case may be deeply appreciated highly and important aphas thebe. the Board General Church, gauge Take a on gas tank. The to the improvement the of Mutual.indicator should just the RecogAttainment show Explorer gas proved how much If reports are for used purposes indicated have.you reports These are to likened attain the nition Plan. stakes which above, AH the reaction the on is secretary that"check of the ups"fundamentals of our will plan set will forth the objectives he by compile the records more accurately

it, ifwork. will, Compare you with our efficiently. and the certificate bearing special receive a

affairs. personalown should take an We SuperinGeneral of the endorsementinventory occasionally to if see are Methods: we tendency.watching our finances as are should. for various enthus devices There we Are

we keeping our budget to a minimum? Are couraging improvement in departments, To receive the special recognition the

we keeping a proper account of everything? wards, and stake, which could be developed. following requirements have been set

Reports "size up"the situation, so to Graphic charts are used for this purpose up:

speak. It is the same as an audit, which and when they are accurately and carefully 1. There shall be a registered Explorer

we know is so important to a business conprepared, give one an analysis at a glance. Troop in seventyfive per cent of the wards

cern. The proprietor of a store sells his There are many forms of graphic charts. of the stake which have twelve or more

goods and takes the money over the counter, The thermometer type is one of the most boys fifteen and sixteen years of age.

but unless he has some means of checking common. 2. Fifty per cent of the available Exand keeping a record of his receipts and A comparative report making use of acplorers in the stake must be registered.

disbursements, he is at a complete loss to tual figures is the most common form of 3. Twentyfive per cent of the available

determine his true worth. The M. I. A. is reciting the findings. Explorers must have attained the rank of

a huge business. To be useful in stimulating improvefirst honors.

Periodical checkups by a doctor respectment in the various features of Mutual ac- 4. Five per cent of the available Exing our physical condition are necessary, tivity, they should be definite and simple. plorers must have attained the rank of

so we shall know if there are any defiComplicated reports defeat the purpose second honors.

ciencies, and how to remedy them. because filling them out is too often at- 5. Seventyfive per cent of the registered

The secretaries are responsible for this tended by difficulty and unnecessary tech- L. D. S. Explorers must be active in the

work and their records should be the nicality and require too much time and efAaronic Priesthood.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1939

Stake Explorer leaders should determine as soon as possible how near the stake is at the present time toward the attainment of these objectives; then

with the cooperation of ward Explorer leaders exert every effort toward reaching the objectives in the near future.

Application forms for the attainment certificate will be sent.

LOG NUMBER 9 pxPLORERintendedLogsfor ofExplorerthe past leadershave beenas a guide in formulating and interpreting a program of activity for Senior Scouts.

Log Number 9, now available, will be of assistance to Explorer leaders but is also intended as a handbook for Explorers. It constitutes a bird's eye view

of the program of Explorer Scouting.

Ejfforts should be made to have all Explorers acquire a copy of Log No. 9.

EXPLORER TROOP ORGANIZATION *\17iTH the beginning of indoor activity, every Explorer troop should check on its organization. Experience

has taught that those troops function best which are operated by the Explorers themselves under the guidance of an adult leader. A recommended

plan of organization is found on page 7, Log No. 9. In addition to committees

on program, service, socials, and personnel, other committees may be desirable to take care of special projects and to give more boys opportunities for leadership.

THE EXPLORER ARROWHEAD AWARD A NEW feature of the Explorer program is the Arrowhead award available to Explorers who participate in certain definite M. I. A. projects.

The requirements are listed in Log No.

9, page 29. AH Explorers should be

urged to qualify for this special, attractive award.

Arrowhead requirement cards for

1. M Men Gleaner banquet which climaxed the

193S39 season in the Providence Second Ward,

Logan Stake.

2. Wasatch Stake Scout and Explorer banquet.

3. The Wandamere Ward M. I. A. young people's

chorus, conducted by Wade N. Stephens, assisted

by Mrs. Stephens and Berdine Jones, accomp.

4. Gleaner Girl chorus of St. Paul branch, North

Central States Mission.

5. M Men Gleaner group from Logan Square Ward,

Chicago Stake.

6. Annual anniversary service near Oakland, Pa.,

at the banks of the Susquehanna River, commemorating the restoration of the Aaronic

Priesthood.

7. A group of ward and stake M. I. A. workers

ready to leave for the annual June conference in Salt Lake City from Ripby Stake.

S. A group of twenty Danish missionaries at the

annual M. I. A. convention held in Denmark.

The shortest of these "Tall Preachers"is just over tallest is six feet inches. seven

British six feet—themissionaries representing the "Rochdale

Greys"basketball team.

10 "The Saints,"another British missionary basketball group.

11. Seventies on the nearlycompleted roof of the

home of Elwin Armstrong, Parowan Stake.

12. Members of the 63rd Quorum of Seventy, Parowan Stake, who joined with Elwin Armstrong

in building the roof on his house.

13. Dutch missionaries who comprise the baseball

team. 14. Binding of Ward Sheaf in Grand View Ward,

Sharon Stake.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1939

the purpose of keeping a record of the completion of the requirements may

be attained free of charge upon request from the Y. M. M. I. A. office at 50

North Main, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Ileen Anne Waspe, chairman; Ethel S. Anderson,

Margaret N. Wells, Bertha K. Tingey, Lucy T.

Andersen, Caroline Adams, Ann C. Larsen, Minnie

E. Anderson.

After three happy summer months "we are glad to welcome you back to our fall and winter program. Such

a year it promises to be—for our Silver

Jubilee Year begins January, 1940. It

is a privilege and an opportunity any year to be asked to work with our

BeeHive girls but this year will be an outstanding year both for you and your, girls. To make it such a year it will

be necessary that we give added preparation, interest and enthusiasm to the regular program as well as promoting the Jubilee activities. By watching this

column in the Era you will find the entire program for our Jubilee Year as well as suggestions for the promotion of the various activities.

You will agree that our first consideration is to get all the girls of BeeHive age to Mutual to participate in the program. How are you going to accomplish this in your ward? An Advancement Program is now being sent to all

the wards. This includes the short Top: "Keep Fit Girls"of Belfast, Ireland, at the fifth annual M. I. A. conference

ceremony that has been used in many of the British Mission, which met at Sheffield, England.

activities, Mission Field British day M. I. A. conference.

exhibit conference. handicraft at the and wards in promoting the girls from PriRight:IfipperM. I.center—Left:A., Genealogical

at Girls Left: Russell should the competition, in chorus Gleaner This to be done Dr. with Lower Mutual. mary Missioncenter—conference. Right: with Jack Oscar M. I. Union A. the A. Kirkham Builder fall our in the and enables outing. Fathers and BeeatBritishCanadian Sons

Keepers to contact the girls who have Bottom: Participants in Alberta, Lethbridge, and Taylor stakes Fathers and Sons

attended Primary. Gatherers and outing at Camp Kootenai.

Guardian BeeKeepers should secure the record of enrollment and work acyour ward and if they are not attending her Handbook. She should also attend

complished by each girl as kept by Mutual perhaps a personal call, a speleadership meetings each month.

BeeKeepers in the Builder and Gathcial invitation by you or one of your Your assignment for leadership meeterer Ranks last year. In case this recgirls would make them want to join ing is to read over all the guides for

ord is not available, be sure that this your swarm. After the girls get to the following month so that you may

year you keep such a record on the Mutual it is your responsibility to make contribute your part by way of sugblanks prepared and sent out from our the class so attractive they will come gestions and discussion at that meetoffice. Such a record is of great value again. ing.

because at a glance a BeeKeeper is Now is the time to take inventory There is under preparation a guide informed of cells filled, honor badges of your personal equipment and see to help stake leaders cover essential earned, enrollment, etc., for the prethat you are prepared to teach Beepoints of the month's work at leadership

vious year. It also gives a check as to Hive work. Such a course supposes meetings. This guide should help make

whether all girls enrolled last year are that every BeeKeeper has studied the your meetings more valuable and inenrolled this year. If a girl attended General Plan, that she is filling cells teresting than they have ever been

Mutual in some other ward last year, herself (preferably belonging to a stake before. Every stake leader will reget her record from that ward. You swarm), that she is making a Honey ceive a copy of these items.

should also secure from your bishop Comb, and that she has such equipWe enjoyed meeting so many of you names of all girls of BeeHive age in ment as is called for on page 163 of at June Conference. The Guardian

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1939

BeeKeepers who attended saw a demonstration of a ne\y game that is to be known as Guard Ball. Guard Ball is

for the Guardians to use during the month of October. You may secure a

copy of instructions for this game from ourWeoffice.should also like to call your

attention to our Reading Course books

Caddie Woodtawn by Carol Ryrie

Brink and Goo<i Manners by Beth

Bailey McLean. See that your girls

read these books. We hope they will

be available in all wards. You of

course will read them yourself and in some of the guides you will find opportunity to put over a point by referringWe knowto somethatincidentyou are inofftheto abooks.good

start and we wish you every success along the way. The finish we are sure

will be even more thrilling and brilliant than the beginning. Here's to a joyous

year!

BASEBALL IN THE NETHERLANDS /RGANIZATION of a missionary baseball team, the "Seagull Baseball

Club,"which has been granted membership in the Baseball League of the

Netherlands, is winning many friends for the Church in Holland. According

to President Franklin J. Murdock, the

Elders, playing in First Class competition, won the country's leading tournament at Hilversum on May 19. The

final game against a touted major team from Haarlem was played in a large stadium before an enthusiastic crowd including the mayor of Hilversum. Presentation of a trophy, a silver glove

and baseball mounted on a black walnut plaque, was made the Seagulls.

Playing on a regular weekly schedule, usually Saturday afternoon, before fifteen hundred to two thousand people, the Elders have won a new popularity. Several public parks have been

opened to street meetings in leading cities. Local teams are being organized

under the sponsorship of the M. L A.,

the missionaries acting as coaches.

Many young men from the schools are being introduced to M. I. A. work in

this manner.

M. I. A. CONFERENCE

IN SWEDEN 'T'he sixth annual M. I. A. conference

of the Swedish Mission was held

June 2325 in midsummer holiday setting in the picturesque city of Gothenburg. Preconference feature was a

concert by the welltrained Gothenburg Branch choir. Firstday activities

began with an interbranch public speaking contest and concluded with 1. stakesMatthewswinnerWard,of LosGoldAngelesand GreenStake,floatsgianddepictinesweepin art, life. beauty sculpture,traditional and everyday observance of Midsummer

Class of Lethbridge Ward, Letlibridge entertainment.Eve in outdoor De- 2. Senior Stake, Alberta.

partmental sessions on Saturday were 3. Gold and Green Ball queen and attendants from

followed in the afternoon by a field 4. Manti,"GreetingsUtah.from the Halversons,"a family of

Scouts from Stake. Pasadena in the eveningmeet and by a play, folk

Ball and Green Gold queen and attendants ofdance, music, choral of 5. presentation Rexburg Stake. Ward, Lyman

awards, and dancing to the music of a 6. A group of Australian missionaries.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1939

missionary orchestra. The message of An M. I. A. leadership meeting inpush the rock away, as its rate of

the M. I. A. for youth was attractively cluding a music institute, presentation growth is too slow. There they

presented in the general sessions on of achievement awards, and a demonstand, each stubbornly opposing the

Sunday, with introduction of the 1939stration by Keep Fit Girls from Belfast other long past his normal life time;

third day's program. the mission inaugurated Stella Edvalson,40 theme by the upon depending each meekly

in the competition sports Interbranch A., music of thesupervisor M. I. Y. W. the end for Ufe itself. other When farewell followed by a chorus, American the missionary afternoon wasby

Harmony Singers, under the direction of banquet. A grand variety program does come, tree and rock will smash

Sister Virginia B. Larson, and a conconcluded the historic conference. the netwire fence and go crashing

cluding address by President Gustive down the hill together."O. Larson. FELLOWSHIP UNDER "Where is that tree?"blundered

Y. M. M. I. A. supervisor E. LeRoy THE STARS James Ferdinand, innocently.

Olson reports that each conference By C. Frank Steele "Hush,"growled Pert; "it's Old

attractivevisitor gold and received an Jardine."Juniper historymaking as a Inaugurated

cloth gold agreen badge program and "third six the ago, gathering years

I. in green:lettered A., Gothenburg, M. of tristake Outing Sons Fathers and the No Sale during conference All1939. meals

the of stakes the was Church Canadian 527) page {Continued from together for enjoyed arranged andwere at Kootenai 27 held 26 and July Camp entire the the comgroup. repairing Newspaperby again. was Dan Park. in National Lakes Waterton favorable. and generousment was chickneighbor's to the keep fence first great 1,600 at the camp when As

greeted his yard. out of He ens of present, Kirkham Oscar W. M.FIFTH ANNUAL usual feelings. mixed with As her Secretary City, Executive Lake IN BRITAINI. A. wereSaltCONFERENCE point. to the directly guest I. A., The and of the was M. she came Y. M.

"LJaving as the theme "Peace, Purpose, camp director, and at the memorable Community Club was having a rumApplied and Through Power Fire unnight he Council Wednesday Spellman Mr, sale could and mage

I. fifthChristianity,"annual the A, Scouting of M. worldwide folded a story something? give them

British conof the Missionconference heart. Kirkthrilled Elder that every mournfully. his head shook Dan Sheffield, at 2729 famedvened S. to Backman, presented May ham W. spirit. in low was very He had He center. Participatingcutlery were Alberta, for a executive Scout Boy anLibbie from card received a just F. of the CouncilElder Smith Joseph at the that neckerchief he had worn

of the Twelve, who dedicated a newly famous Birkenhead Jamboree. nouncing her arrival within a few

erected chapel and amusement hall, and At the Council Fire, officially lighted days and the burden of his poverty his wife, Jessie Evans Smith, who sang by Camp Chief Dr. C. M. Fletcher, was heavy upon him.

at a number of the gatherings. Their district commissioner, of Lethbridge, "Isn't there anything?"wheedled

attendance occasioned a special congreetings were voiced by Senator W. Mrs. Lovett. "You know we can

in missionariesference the of all guest. honored an Buchanan, the A. clothes, dishes, anything use—Isles, President called Mission Hugh by Dr. Robinson Joseph and O. W. furniture—F. books,

the forB. immedays two Brown, the of Smith, of the Board General rest. sudthe didn't hear A Dandiately following the I. convenMutual in as- A., and camp were Y. M. M. him. to occurred idea crafty had dention. also in sisted the Guests were program.

According to Y. M. M. I. A. executhe presidents of the three Canadian "You say furniture?"he queried.

tive secretary Elder Aldon J. Anderson, stakes. Largely responsible for the Mrs. Lovett nodded emphatically.

Jr., a more successful Whitsuntide consuccess of the outing were Stake "Well,"pursued Dan, "I got an

ference, characterized by ideal weather, Superintendent Sterling Low of Alold bed. Tell me when you want it,

record crowds, new features, and a berta; Stake Superintendent F. D. and I'll bring it over."

wonderful spirit, has not been known Merrill of Taylor; and Stake Superin- "Oh, Mr. Spellman, you're so

in gold England. and Delegates wore of Lethbridge. tendent F. C. Russell Lovett note that Mrs. kind!"On general adboughtgreen badges and featured the Presentation of awards exgiven after having departed,

tickets activto themittance threeday exercises. closing camp's place. to time plicit directions and asities edition in souvenir as a announced

of The Millennial Star, mission publi- // Dan stood by the fence staring quite after her. wasn't Hecation: Old ''Juniper Jardine moodily right the done sure whether had he First day included registration and

lodging assignments; an exhibition of (Concluded from page 529) thing. If he were rich like the OliGleaner Treasures of Truth, BeeHive that is hard to say, too, but here arc phants, for example, it would be difHoneycomb Books, handicraft, and the facts: As it now stands, the tree ferent, but as it was, he couldn't

Genealogical work; baseball game beis hollow in the center, has many support Libbie. Still, to give away

tween and an AUStar Greys is at limbs, growing dead and in to sleep have she the the bed would team; speech Gleaner and Men MRochdale per in diameter inch Girl rate about an of him, bothered question the All day sports competition; missionarychorus

still is years, he but hundred or what went matter he where no I.carnival; dance, gala a with A. and M, the crack healthy. has widened still He struggling with did. he was He Millennial thea song medley Chorus by

during intermission, and with the innoin the rock to about eight feet. Frost it at supper time when Betty Smythe

vation of a table tennis tournament held has produced many other cracks. came to the door.

in an adjoining hall for the nondancing The tree has loosened the rock from She had a plate covered with a missionaries. his foundation and is holding it in napkin from which the odor of fresh

Sunday highlights were the dedicaplace partly by his roots. The weight bread rose temptingly. "Mama

tion of the Sheffield chapel, an illusof the rock is supporting the tree to baked today/'she said, "and she lecturetrated scenic the on by West it likely extent. quite is very an So like of these some you might thought of Pictures Ensign CorFrank Wise fire if disease, should or drouth, that rolls."hot general sessionsporation, conductand

tree, roots the the of death the cause plate set the her thanked and Dan each meeted in the Cinema, Coliseum ing attended by more than a thousand will decay and release the rock. If on the table. He couldn't remember

members and friends. Group lunchfloods or earthquake should loosen when he'd had any fresh bread. Libeons featured, this, as every, day's acthe rock, the tree's support will be bie had been a great one to bake.

tivities. lost. It isn't likely that the tree will (Concluded on page 560)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1939

FARMER PREFERRED (Continued from page 531 he think he c'n do with lilywhite here a minute. Do you see anythey did their visiting and returned hands?"thing?"John was referring to the

to Boston the better it would be for Dan was still defensive. "Those unusually light shade of green

all of them. lilywhite hands are stronglookin', foliage.

Marjorie's family received her anyhow."His fatherin-law looked at him

with exclamations of delight, but "Your family sort of resents me, doubtfully. "A little too muchJohn they accepted with distant seridearest"—this from John to Marmoisture, I 'spect."

ousness. jorie. John shook his head. "Ever hear

One evening, shortly after their Marjorie laughed. "Shall we of nematode?"

arrival, Marjorie and John returned leave tomorrow?"He knew what John meant. "How

from a short walk and found the His jaw was suddenly quite could an insect affect the color of the family seated on the front porch. square. "No, Marge, I'm going to tops?"

Marjorie's father and brothers were help thin your dad's beets.""It saps the life from the plant."

discussing the work they were to John started the morning with The older man examined the begin the following morning. John zest. Why, this back bending was beets. "There's no sign of attacks

was interested. a cinch, just good exercise. The from insects here."

"I thinned beets as a youngster. rows of beets, after blocking, looked John was insistent. "If I'm not

Mind if I go along tomorrow?"pretty neat. mistaken, these beets will gradually

The men on the porch exchanged As the noon hour drew near, he assume a hairy appearance, for glances. The older man spoke to ignored the dull ache in his back, they'll be covered with a mass of

John: "That's hard work, Son."accompanied by a growing urge to small roots. Their development will

"I'd like a try at it."stop and rest a few moments at the be seriously impaired."

Marjorie's brothers occupied the end of each seemingly endless row. John's fatherin-law stood staring

room adjoining that of John and He looked at Marjorie's father and at him. That was exactly what had

Marjorie. That evening, as they brothers. They had not spoken since happened to his beets last year.

walked past the boys'room, they beginning the beet thinning day. Well, he'd not let John know. He'd

overheard them discussing John. They'd probably not stop either to blamed the dwarfed beets onto a

Marjorie stopped, holding John's rest or speak before lunch. Well, different source of fertilization. He'd

arm. Dan was speaking he'd not stop either. These men found no insects or worms. Instead

"Aw, come on, Bill. Give him a were hardened farmers, while he of being grateful for this revelation,

chance. He ain't no highbrow. You hadn't grasped a hoe since he was he was unreasonably resentful.

just don't know him."fourteen years, but hadn't he kept At any rate the ice had been

"I suppose you know him so much right up with them? At intervals broken. Instead of the college probetter'n I do."he felt their eyes upon him. fessor and the farmer, they were

their opinions. arguing men, over like looks a regular to "He unusually guy day was warm. two The

I'll "If I find insects spray any insisted.me,"grateful for Dan the halfhour's was He

field. the thin we'll In the meantime, kind thinnin'of beet rest that lunch. does "What followed

By midafternoon, he would have theJohnbeets."held out. "You can't get

welcomed a cool shower and a vignematode by spraying."

in dull his backrub. orous ache The older stubbornly. The man arguedNo Sale increased to back almost unhad

"I'll find strong something enough [Concluded intensity. for bearable wouldn't He

kill to 'em!"

to detect allow others the the world when sheMaybe fromcame—page 559)Then he

remembered that there was no place his discomforture, nor would he "But, Dad, the nematode doesn't for Libbie to sleep. Here was a slacken his pace. His glance covcome up for the bait. The only thing

pretty kettle of fish. But why had ered his fatherin-law and the two to do is to plow young beets under

plant or cowpeas. soy beans faces, exand Their apparently sentMrs. the rolls? Smythe Why boys.

is profitable soy bean a good, The pressionless, pointedshould people start giving were toward him things all of a sudden? the sod. Up and down, up and down crop, immune to nematode."

He ate slowly, enjoying every bite they bent their backs, each following Marjorie's father decided this was and trying to find the answer. Sudhis hoe. John's left hand quickly the last straw. No young greendenly a great light seemed to break mopped his brow. Had they seen? horn could tell him how to run his

over him. Finally he said aloud, as He tightened his already set teeth. farm. He walked off without anif to be sure that he understood, Why didn't they flinch or show other word and resumed his hoeing.

"Well, I guess I've been putting the some sort of emotion themselves? John hesitated a moment, then picked

cart before the horse. It ain't those Were they men of iron? up his own hoe and started blocking

that has, that gives; it's those that Suddenly he stopped. He dropped the beets.

gives that has."Over and over he his hoe and fell upon one knee. He

repeated it to himself as if to estabquickly seized a couple of the beets XHE following morning lish the principle firmly in his mind. he'd blocked out. He brushed away John groaned as he tried to move his

Then he pushed aside his dishes and the dirt and examined the tiny beets. legs. He remembered the backbrought out the pen and ink to write Too early to confirm his suspicions, straining experience of the beet field,

Libbie to bring her own bed and any he decided. He'd have to ask Marbut he hadn't reckoned on the mornother furniture she liked. He was jorie's father. "Dad!"he called. ingafter agony. He summoned all

giving the rest of that bedroom suite The older man stopped hoeing, his courage and climbed out of bed.

to the rummage sale. "Dad!"John called again. "Come It was not only his back and legs—

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1939

FARMER PREFERRED his every muscle rebelled at the came back to him. He was too emGreen's office. I don't know what

slightest motion. barrassed to meet his fatherin- she went back in for; the sale was all

A cold shower and rubdown relaw's eyes. What did they think completed, so far as I could see."

stored muscular locomotion and enof him? Foolhardy—that's what John hoped he hadn't heard

abled him to join the family at breakthey thought, he decided. They rightly. "How do you know she

—afast. littleHe reallystiff, perhaps.felt surprisinglyMarjorie'swell weremuch ofprobablya man, too.thinkingWell, hehe'dwasn'tshow completedJim's slowthe speechsale?"was irritating.

I went in withfather and brothers looked at him them—He rose suddenly and "We parked here and

curiously. Would he try it again started for the door. Marjorie her to witness the deal. After she'd

today? By way of answering their grasped his arm. signed the papers and started out

silent question, he was in the beet "John, dear, you can't get up hke with the check, she said to me:

field and started ahead of the rest. this—it's dangerous."'Jim, you wait in the car;'then sheWhy, this was great sport—a man's Then she saw that square jaw. went back in."

work. If he were a farmer he'd have "Dearest,"he said, "will you please John's spirits sank. Well, he

a beet field himself. let go of me? I've something im- {Concluded on page 562)

Marjorie's father and brothers portant to tend to right away."

went to work with the same methodThen the door opened and she ical precision that had attended their called after him: "Oh, but darling,efforts of the previous day. By noon the doctor—he'll be here—"But

John was well ahead of them. she knew he hadn't heard. He was

Strange, he felt a httle shaky. Neverheading for the garage. As he drew

theless, he thrilled with pride as he near the old homestead his spirits viewed his work. mounted. It was hard work—pestiof farm They spread their lunch under lence—the great problems

the shade of the trees bordering the life that had finally stirred something beet field. Marjorie's father avoided inside him. The very thing he'd

John's eyes as he spoke: "Where'd dreaded had entered his veins and

you get the notion about plantin'revived the blood of his fathers.

soy beans?"The odds were not so unfavorable,

"Well, Dad, the nematode is so he decided, as they'd been in the small and stays under ground, that past. He'd make a check up. If

the only way to eliminate it is to nematode were prevalent, he'd orrotate the crops."ganize the farmers and with the

"But why soy beans—none of the knowledge he had at his command

farmers in this section grows 'em?"he'd help them stamp it out.

in front far stopped didn't. suddenly "Alas heSo He knew they of IS CHEAPEB oldfalfa lucern's home. for his out and good enough He chmbed

my stock. It's a crazy notion quickly and ran toward the frontthat's what it is. You college prodoor. He hoped Aunt Sarah hadn't TMIVEVEfl!

fessors just think you can figger been to town yet. He tried the

out farming better 'n a farmer that's front door. It was locked. He

on the job and can see what's going rushed round to the back. His eyes Protect precious

on."fell upon the open garage door. He

futility the shook back the door of further John sensed frantically and eyesight and calleddiscussion. his Sarah's picked name. Aunt up hoe He

and started the afternoon's work. John concluded not to search for

The sun seemed to single out a cerJim. If Aunt Sarah had driven to beautify your

tain spot at the back of his head. town, Jim had gone with her.

miles to in that pain region an seemed townAn increasing The two in home with dull stretch.warned endless could pain no longer him. He The

deny the fact that he was dizzy. the back of his head seemed to be

He was a fool, he decided, for being increasing. He drew a sigh of reso cocksure of himself during the lief as he sighted the curve in the Light

morning. Well, the other men would road, around which he knew would

never know. He tightened his grasp be huddled the buildings of the litConditioning

on the hoe and summoned all his tle town.

strength to prevent himself from There was Jim, slumped in the staggering. He refused to admit it front seat of Aunt Sarah's flivver.

was a losing game—even when The car was parked in front of the

he saw the earth, beets and all, rushpostoffice building. Aunt Sarah

ing toward him. Then it slapped was not in sight. John parked bein the face.him hind to the flivver Jim. and ran UTAH PDWEB he asked Next, Aunt Sarah?"he heard someone calling "Where's

his name. It was Marjorie, of course, frantically.the darling. The others were hover- "I dunno,"Jim drawled, not & LIGHT CD.

ing about the livingroom couch bothering to push his hat back off his where they'd laid him. Then it all eyes, "unless she's still in Titus

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1939

Farmer Preferred THE NATIVE BLOOD (Concluded from page 561 [Concluded from page 535) Badger, startled and upset by this guessed it served him right. If he'd Yoinsnez laughs hysterically, "Ya reminder that he had staked notnot been such a blind fool—if he'd tayl Beleeh thlizhenl"only the store but the bay horse, "I

hesitated, listened drooping with to heonly say—"Aunt riderless But Billy has dashed Sarah—John arfeathers; "can't someturned walked suddenly and we make toward through the howling crowd. Bethe postofSce building, his jaw yond them he pauses to lift his proud rangement about this bay horse? He

squared. He entered the building head and utter his loud challenge of ain't mine."

and started up the stairs. There he defiance and victory, and he is on "Is that so?"and Peejo looked at

met Aunt Sarah, adjusting her hat. again up the trail to Huskaniny him in mock pity; "'Well, I reckon

to sell the place, "I'm not going Mesa. I can "use him to knock aroundProfessor going back You're Jones. with.'

to me."without Boston of curious eyes followed A sea and wet and O PATTERED seized her arm. "Send Jim He as they them rode away. exertion, panting with Peejo came afterhome. going Marge."We're

hysterical the crowd, and a with me,"she asked "Now tell are you up to, young towards "What led the Colonel to meet Comet out confidence, is the "what newfound sheman?"demanded.

him. to the back He sprang thing reservation the of the awful would wife with her belongs "A farmer's

Eltceesie; for horse bay and looked if never forget had beaten?"Comet doesn't she?"husband, he asked.

They arrived to find Marjorie's she had mounted her father's pony "Billy would have died on the and was looking for him. track. He's like his father who'dfamily and the doctor waiting on the

front porch. "Come with me,"he ordered with rather jump over the cliff than be

Marjorie ran out to meet him. a new and wholesome authority, for defeated. I held him down till I

"Oh, John, you crazy darling, runhe had resolved to get away from thought his effort might count, and ning around the country with sunthe persistent curiosity of the then I left him to it."

stroke!"crowd. The shower had passed. A gaudy

prescribed doctor a few days'The rainbow arched over the monuments for stopped with They a word rest. to southeast, the its ends resting on Yoinsnez the Colonel. and of however, was unaware John, f r.](-. x;r i-i- t J the steadfastly "nn two hands reaching

pain inthe his head. He seized

children!"cried the old man in an into the skyline. shoulders.Marjorie's

"Pack up, Marge, we're going ecstasy, the tears running down his "Oh look,"called the shepherdess in transport, face. a furrowed "the bow has united our farm."home—to the hands!"two Peejo answered. "Oaa sekissl"Marjorie's father and brothers

helped them pile their things into "You keep the sheep and live with He regarded the unusual sight for the car. They stood smiling. He us at the store."And then to his a moment, and then met her steady

thought he detected a new respect white father he added, "Go take gaze: "It has united your hand

in their faces. Suddenly, Marjorie's charge of things there while we bring and mine,"and he leaned low in his

father put his hand on John's arm. our black horse back from his vacastirrup, for Comet was higher than

"I say, son, I think I'll plant those tion."the pony she rode.

soy beans.""Hey, Mr. Peejo,"called the The End

THE PROTESTORS OF CHRISTENDOM

{Continued from page 533) with superintendents (who later dispersisted in a third time, it was punConfession prepared by Knox and appeared), ministers,, elders, deaishable with death. All in all, Knox

five others. They also drew up a cons, and readers (retained only was more Calvinistic than Calvin.

First Book ol Discipline which prountil ministers were available). Unlike Calvin, Knox was not a

vided for the organization of the Church sessions, synods, and a genscholar but a man of action. His

church on the Calvinistic model eral assembly were also provided one strictly theological work. Treafor. And a school was to be estabtise on Predestination, was published in every parish. They also lished in Geneva.

laid claim prepared Francis Order II and a Book Mary Common of INDEPENDENTBE

It of throne worship. the English for the conduct assumed was to and Other Vocation So Profitable No

based on Calvinistic usage and folthe title rightfully theirs if Ehzabeth

ENROLL NOW illegitimate, the as largely Geneva, lowed claimed by the Order were of at the Course For a Complete in Elizabeth hated Catholics. prepared Frankfor use Though by Knox

furt and later used by him in Geneva. Calvinism and its republican tendQuish School of Beauty Culture The expense and support of the minencies, she sent an army and a fleet

The Best in the West istry and of the church were to be to the aid of the Congregation.

Bldg., American S. Main, 336340

CITY, UTAH defrayed from the property of the In 1 560, Knox became minister of SALT LAKE

For Further Information [Roman] church, but the nobility St. Giles church, Edinburgh. Queen

or Catalog CaH seized about fivesixths of it, and Mary arrived in Scotland, August

Wasatch 7560 or the Scottish church became one of 21, 1561. She was a widow, eduFill in This the poorest in Europe. cated, young, and beautiful, and she

Coupon The saying of the mass was won many friends. As long as she

severely forbidden and, if it was followed the advice of her half562

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1939

THE PROTESTORS OF CHRISTENDOM brother, James Stuart, whom she dragged from her presence and murcreated Earl of Moray, she behaved dered in the palace of Holyrood, near with prudence towards the ProEdinburgh. the After of death Save 10%testant pergovernment fled for party. The a time Rizzio, Knox from

mitted to have performmass Mary Edinburgh. ON A NEW

ined secretly chapel. her This own Darnley became apparently reconopposed:Knox Messe "One was ciled with the queen. of Because

fifteen thanmore fearful thousand his vices, many since long he had GAS FURNACE enemies."armed lost affection. her recovering While

Mary summoned Knox to her from smallpox, he was removed from Convenient Terms presence. In all, he had six interGlasgow to a house in Edinburgh,

views with the queen. In the first and the queen spent the evening of

interview, they discussed the right February 9 with him. Later that

of subjects to oppose their rulers, a night, February 9 to 10, the house right that had been asserted by Calwas blown up. Mary had been much

vin whenever the decisions of the in the company of the earl of Bothprinces were in conflict with God's well, and it was suspected that he commands. To this ground for reand others had murdered Darnleysistance, Knox added the principle with the queen's connivance. BothEn/

of constitutional monarchy: "If well was tried for the murder but acPrinces exceed thair boundis, and do quitted by the lords. He obtained

against that whairfoir they should be a divorce for adultery from his wife, obeyed,.,. thei may be resisted."and he and Mary were married in a

Knox maintained his right to critiProtestant ceremony. Automatic Gas Heat

cize his queen and in subsequent interviews frequently exercised it in a Protestant sentiment was aroused Need Cost You No More harsh, if courageous, manner. In in both Scotland and England, and

his last interview, to which he had Catholic sympathy was alienated. Than Any Other Method

after her marriage, month Mary Abeen because he consummoned had is fuel the only be than can in forced to abdicate of Gas favor lieges""thevoked without auwas her for jobs four the household used her Darnley's son, oneyear old andthority, "I he said, in the place am heating, cooking, waterheating

I (later of James James EngVI I It's to economical and refrigeration.where demanded conscience am by

of the all for fuel In December four same use purposes. one truth; the I land).to speak and therefore

the less it The use more Gas you year. definitely Parliament estabspeak. truth I speak, The impugn it foot. costs cubic per lished Protestantism. will."who

After Knox's death, his secretaryThat's why so many users of complete service conflict less year perTn Knox's Gas pay with the queen, his manuscript. put the History of for four the big household needs in her mistakes were part responthe within Religion Reformation of size living of similar families than

sible for the triumph his of cause. for similar to for in houses have Scotland, in order pay the Realme of

It feared that was fuels. would other marry Mary printer. the eloquent and was Knox

Catholic princesome and her marcourageous, did more than any and of the disTake advantage 10%riage with Philip II of Spain Scottish was other to shape recount furnace one man now. on a new Gas

proposed. Her marriage with her ligion and character. He was not a A small payment down—conveniCathohc cousin, Henry Stuart, Lord great scholar or innovator. In most ent monthly terms.

Darnley, was feared even more than things he was content to be the imithe Spanish marriage. Darnley's tator of John Calvin. He introduced

claim to the throne was next to Calvin's system more successfully, warnMary's own. Knox was not favorhowever, than Calvin himself. He wk I Iv V w.

able to the marriage which took place was harsh and intolerant. Howin 1565. A few months later he ever much we may regret this, it is

alluded in a sermon in St. Giles quite understandable: the burning

church to the punishment of Ahab of Mill, Wishart, and others, and because he did not correct the idolhis eighteen months as a slave in the atry of Jezebel. Mary and Darnley galleys probably shut the idea of

thought it prudent to withdraw for tolerance out of his mind. With the

a time from Edinburgh, and for a "Congregation of Satan,"trying to short time Knox was forbidden to force the "Congregation of Christ"preach. to conform or to exterminate it, he

At first very conservative or even perhaps thought of tolerance as Come in and get complete details pledged to maintain the Protestant weakness. His philosophy of life left

religion, Mary plotted later for the art and enjoyment out of account,restoration of Catholicism. The but then, in voluntary misery and MOUNTAIN FUEL

Italian musician agent, papal and suffering the church Roman her favorite forhad perSUPPLY COMPANYRizzio, became and ceived the saintliness. of essence

eign secretary. In the execution of Knox, Luther, Zwingli, and CalSalt Lake—Ogden—Provo

a plot conceived by Darnley and a vin relied for their doctrines on the Serving 23 Utah Communities number of Protestant nobles, he was {Concluded on page 564)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1939

THE PROTESTORS OF CHRISTENDOM {Concluded from page 563) returned to Edinburgh and preached teachings of the Holy Ghost as the sermon at James VI's coronation.

found in the divine scriptures and Moray became regent and during on scholarship for their interpretahis regency, Knox was allpowerful.

tion. In the scriptures, they chose During the two succeeding regenPaul and yet, not Paul, but Paul as cies, his political, but not his religinterpreted by St. Augustine. ious, influence was greatly diminHad the true Gospel been reished. His work was about over.

vealed anew, it probably would not In 1570, Knox suffered a slight have found acceptance. And it is stroke of apoplexy, but still continjust as doubtful that Protestantism, ued to preach. Enmities induced

as it was, could have survived in him to leave Edinburgh in 1571. He

Scotland, had it not been for the returned in 1572 and died Novemmixture of patriotic, political, and ber 24 of the same year. He lies

religious motives. buried in the churchyard of St. Giles

At the time of Bothwell's assassichurch.—What are your nation, Knox was in England. He The End

plans far those THE "ISAIAH PROBLEM"of prevailed thought (Continued phase which 525) from page Hebrew hrighteyed Children? Israel in after Ezekiel. only theological ideas of the 3. The

to those are considered Even (5) who

Discovering and developing talent nonIsaianic portions of the prophmoderate the poetic character of a passage differ refrom chapter the to reference a 12 and those of Isaiah. To likeis only one of the functions of the ecy

in turn as 11:1116, the from captivity and again: Driver quote

of Art. School MusicMcCune as consolations and are promises such and 4066 of chapters ideas theological The

in cited chapter as are 33, found grounds for childWhether is destined your (in far that of as are so they fundanot for these assigning kindred and passages to the genprophets mental kind common not, or in training"stardom"or later date. one to in toto Radicals a deny much

diflFer erally) those remarkably from which in existence the of Messianic passages is of the arts priceless culturalmore chapters 1-39, appear, to from be distincIsaiah's prophecies. own tive the of Isaiah. nature of Thus, on Godeducation.

generally, the ideas expressed are much

Isaiah, fuller. for instance, de- "VTow how do the above "critical"larger and

picts the majesty of Jehovah: in chapters views of the authorship of the

4066 the prophet emphasizes His infinitude; book of Isaiah create a problem in

He is the Creator, the Sustainer of the uniconnection with the Book of Morverse, the the LifeGiver, of hisAuthor the First the mon? This we shall briefly point the Last, and tory (41:4),

Incomparable One. This is a real differout.

of the presthe doctrine ence.... Again,

of a faithful remThe Book of Mormon quotes ervation judgment from nant is characteristic of Isaiah. It appears from the following chapters ofg."4E55 both in his first prophecy and in his last Isaiah: 2-14 (2 Nephi 1224); 29

(6:13; 37:31f.); in chapters 4066, if it is (2 Nephi 27); 48, 49 (1 Nephi 20,

implication twice once or by is no presentSend for catalog today—there 51 50, Nephi 7, 8); 52 (2 (3

it is element 21); 65:8f.), no distinctive (59:20; full details about It givescharge. 53 (Mosiah 14); Nephi 20); 54 (3.. relation in teaching. the author's. The

Israel its choice of 26:25). to 55 Him, Nephi 22); Nephi (2 by courses,the McCune Jehovah—its School—its

its its dethe of destiny, purpose If will trouble the take the reader call—is opportunityfaculty, varied the and differdifferent terms in under veloped and list this tables the to with compare those ent used from conceptions byit individual for or offers group indicate the given porabove which. Isaiah. J

in Dramatic Art and Music,training tions of the Isaiah gennot of book 4. criteria other governing Some. invites the This School critics erally asDancing. bethe accepted by critics reject to certain lead which

enrollment of students of all ages various portions of Isaiah as subseing the genuine work of the great will at eighth century prophet he of advancement. degrees are prophet's to the quent age ownand

conflict. discover a sharp once The L. Robinson* Dr. G. up by summed here costs more than noTraining quotes only not Book Mormon of follows: as of conservatory.training outside a extensively chapters those from critic the of conversion "the one (1) To

heathen"lay quite beyond the horizon of (4055) called "DeuteroIsaiah,"eighth century and consequentprophet any also but portions of "First"from all similar ly Isaiah 2:2-4 passages and Your Catalog Isaiah are which regarded by the

to age. relegated a subsequent should be

critics as late and not the genuine is ready for you! (2) To another "the picture of universal peace"in Isaiah 11:1-9 is a symptom of a product of the son of Amoz. The

late date, and therefore the section must Nephite record accepts all of its deleted. be Isaiah chapters as the authentic

of the thought univer- (3) To another of prophet.'that great If the sal in words earth""the judgment upon whole

chapter 14:26 quite transcends Isaiah's critics are right the Book of Morrange of thought. mon quotes extensive portions of

still the another apocalyptic (4) To the sayings of unknown prophets of 2427 representsSCHOOLWCuneOF MUSIC & ART character chapters a who lived sixty years or more after

Salt Lake City nhid., p. 242.

SG. L. Robinson, The Book of Isaiah. (1910), pp. Note especially the words of Christ in 3 Nephi

61f. 23:1-3.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1939

THE "ISAIAH PROBLEM"the Nephites were supposed to have the Book of Mormon with respect chapters 1-39 of Isaiah were comleft Jerusalem, and mistakenly atto its authorship are on the whole piled a short time before the period tributes them to Isaiah. This is the correct. of Nehemiah ( B. C. 444 ), but that

intellectual jam students of the The Isaianic authorship of the chapters 4066, though not of so late

Book of Mormon are supposed to book has been maintained by Heng- a date as some of the preceding find themselves in and constitutes stenberg, Havernick, Stier, Keil, chapters, could only have been addthe main problem of Isaiah in that Lohr, Himpel, Strachey, W. Ured a century and a half later, "when

record. A lesser problem, but one wick, Nagelsbach, Barnes, Douglas, the recollection of the authorship

that should be thoughtfully consid- W. H. Green, W. H. Cobb, F. Deof this section having been forgotered, is that of explaining why most litzsch (who halfheartedly departten, it could, not unnaturally, be

of the text of Isaiah in the Nephite ed from his original convictions late appended to the writings of Isaiah."

scripture is in the language of the in hfe), Vos, Thirtle, W. Kaye, M. Dr. Green in answer said:

Authorized version."Rosenthal, Lias, R. R. Ottley, G. L. So the critics first dissect Isaiah, and

Is it possible for a sincere and Robinson, and Mrs. L. D. Jeffreys. piecesthen findtogetherit impossibleagain towithoutget theputtingdisjointedthe

honest believer in the Book of MorKlostermann and Bredenkamp took collection of the canon at a date at varimon to give a satisfactory answer a middle course in the criticism. ance with historical testimony and every

subject. indication the bearing on 40reliable scholars that Isaiah held These centeringto the problems around the It is, indeed, question a puzzling which in exilic times, consistbut 66 arose its text of Isaiah? beThe writer critics to to solve, and no satwhich have

lieves a satisfactory answer can be ed in a considerable measure of anisfactory answer can be given, how it given. The Germans have a very cient prophecies of Isaiah, which came to pass that this prince of prophets,

told, are the the of near as end we reproduced of living, author an by thatconvenient word I may use at were of the predictions decoming exile, whose Isaiah's in school living exilian the It isthis point. Weltanschauung of the rebuilding liverance Jerusalem and

which means conception of the period, because the events of the and the temple were so strikingly fulfilled, world or worldphilosophy. If one's day were bringing the fulfillment of and who must have stirred the souls of

his the exiles with degree to an unwonted the prophecies. rigidly embracesWeltanschauung utso could enthusiasm, be glowing Thethe ideas that there are no men who above named scholars form ownterly but not only his name, and unknown,

under divine inspiration can foretell impressive opposition to the devishis very existence so entirely forgotten, the future, and that purely naturalive criticism of Isaiah. Many other that his prophecies were attributed to anperiod at lived of other, a different who to might be the list. addedistic in names of explanations phenomena different entirely circumunder time, and interest to be of quote It may two acceptable only are thethis world critiof the exigencies if the stances. But

three representative or conclusions interval to a long cal hypothesis demand solve the to attempts myones—then in this of these oblivion, relation scholars does for complete the to account jBooA: in of the Isaiahproblem of

it of the divine that recognition the follow problem, before to proceeding specsatis- will not be whollyMormon of this magnificent prophecy authority was ify in detail their reasons school why is this If the statingfactory. (and delayed?"

of thought to the holds of unity positively), the otherconditions on the Eng- R. R. Ottley, famous Dr. Isaiah. is one'shand, such Weltanschauung critic, of lish biblical in the notes Dr. of Green, the one W. H. possibilitythat he concede the may Isaiah his valuable work, According Hebraists ever proAmerica reality of finest supernaturalof "the {Continued 566) page on

prophecy,"and acknowledges the duced, observed that a noted critic. uWilliam H. Green, General Introduction to the

possibility of the BooA: of Mormon Dr. H. E. Ryle, had concluded Old Testament. (The Canon), p. 104.

being a true record translated by divine aid—then I can give a reaIsaiah to the probsonable answer Limited Mumber At This Price

this basis above.lem as stated On

let us proceed to the task. "Combination Cleaner Offer"

In the first part of this article I confined myself to the problems of HOUSEWIVES, ATTENTION!

tracing the history of the critical dismemberment of Isaiah and of inBuy Both Of These Powerful New Royal the pricedicating the degree thereof. No atofRevolvingthe floorBrushcleanerCleaners—foralone

tempt was made to present at length the of scholars views who

Mode! 171 $39.95 critical dissection of ROYAL Floor Model theopposed

the book of Isaiah. Now the first ROYAL Hand Cleaner Model 157 16.95

part of the Isaiah to answer my Total Regular Price $56.90 is in theproblem Mormon Book of

this: Many great scholars through MODEL

the years have held that the book 157of Isaiah is a unity, and have shown % 4 that the "critical"hypothesis is far from being proved. Unless criticism

can prove beyond reasonable doubt

YOUR kAKO CIEAKERthat Isaiah is not a unity, Latter-, OLO day Saints are justified in assuming that the traditional views held by "This problem will be considered in another aiticle Western Royal Vacuum Cleaner Company to appear in The Improvement Era. 175 E. Broadway. Salt Lake City—Was. 1448

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1939 <u/t for LEADERSHIP THE "ISAIAH PROBLEM"565) page {Continued from in indicate to proceed T ET US now training the finest career requires Your briefly obtainto the Septaagint, the reviews detail greater theable. reasons training the largest business Woodbury, why

ininstitution dioffers scientifically critical America, in position reference to Isaiah scholars so that the held have many trainingrected to start enables graduates which then continues: andat higher salaries quicker win and advanceit is essentially as have book wement. in are held, These probably views one Isaiah's. in Business Administration, Courses Accountanother, or form the of majority a auby Secretarialing, Science, Trade, Foreign Journal- 1. Christian the Jewish and The thorities students the of day. present andism, SecretariMerchandising, Radio Movie and

al, Bachelor in with It is years. Degree Shorter two therefore perhaps for the proper gently- (apart the Churches from

also Courses;Commercial Commercial Coswriter state these of to that notes he in is hinted of Ibn the doubts Ezra Design, Interior Decoration,tume EcoHomeArt,

that, not convinced subthem, holds but bynomics. until twelfth century D.) A. have the of the Isaiah"of whole "Book Athletics, Activities, Social for stantially, Deseret Club

Mormon students. Supervised student homes. is the work of that prophet, and that the the last one hundred and fifty years,

filled than 1,500 positions PartMore annuolly. "critics,"while work of the modern of unhesitatingly assigned the wholetime provided. catalog. Free work State course

value immense to knowlas a contributiondesired. a to Isaiah the son of Amoz. Such

of edge issues involved.UJOODBURY COLLEGE details, is a failure as to the broad strongnot honestlyand persistentbe set asidetraditionwithoutcan1023 UJILSHIREBLVD LOS ANGELESCALIF. Dr. George L. Robinson, one of positive and compelling historical

the greatest of living American Heevidence. Such is missing. Subjecbraists, sums up his attitude toward tive analysis of the text of Isaiah,

the critical problem as follows: the results of which are disputed,

THE ADVERTISERS thatMorebroadandfactsmoremustthe decidewriter isthepersuadedunity or cannot be accounted sufficient and Where You Will Find balcollectiveexegesischaractermay do ofmoreIsaiah'sharm book.than good.Verthegroundsancientupontradition.which to put aside

Greater regard Their to paid the strucmust be Messages anSeptuagint and other 2. The is the of antholbook, which no mere

Beneficial Life Ins. Co Back Cover ture cient versions abof scripture give collection ogy, or discourses of independent

University Brigham Young solutely different different of to auhint writers multiple the belonging 571 by no 519 Case, J. I., Co it periods. obvious, There is an though may is It Isaiah. surthorship of a most 516 Continental Oil Co editorial, extent to be unity to some an prising that fact the Septuagint 518 Products Corn Isaiah's prophecies. regard a as them To

Cortina 570 translation Isaiah of Academy which ( Greek ) miscellaneous oracles of heterogeneous mass

Deseret Book Co 540 which were written at widely separated was made from the Hebrew about

Deseret 573 Gymnasium times varied circumstances under and from B. give us the 200 not C. does name Press Deseret 574 News Isaiah's times to the down Maccabean single age, of the ten a of or one more Sales 575 Dictaphone Co revised freely interpolated and throughand

Ghirardelli Chocolate Co 549 out the intervening centuries, is to lose "prophets"that are assumed by vaGlobe Grain & Milling Co 548 sight of the great historic realities and rious critics to have contributed to

InIntermountain Beet Sugar perspective of the prophet... Isaiah's. that book. "Singular

dustry 515 spirit in the of an antiquated Not lost all apolhistory should knowlhave International Harvester ogist, therefore, rather but as a contribuInside Front Cover tion to historical criticism, the writer feels edge of this Isaianic series of prophInterstate Brick 517 constrained to say, that to him chapter ets. Singular... that it should be

KSL Inside Back Cover 2:2-4 is the key to Isaiah's horizon; that these prophets whose names had the

Lankershim Hotel 566 chapters 4066 are in germ wrapped up common fortune of being forgotten, College L. D. S. Business 572 in the vision of and commission the prophLevi Strauss 571 et's inaugural call (chapter 6); and that although in point of time they all

McCune School of Music. 564 the whole problem of how much or how stood nearer to the collector than the

Mountain Fuel Supply 563 little Isaiah wrote would become immensely old prophet who was their model,

Nalley's, if critics Inc 549 simplified only divest would themselves of preand after whom they had formed of Beauty Culture.-570 Ogden School of unwarranted a mass

Provo School of Beauty Culture..566 suppositions and arbitrary restrictions themselves."*

Quish School of Beauty Culture..562 which fix hard and fast what each century 3. Christ and His Apostles asthink can Bread and say. 571 Royal to Isaiah. signed the book The New

is attitude the writer's Accordingly, Shell Oil 513 Co quotes from thirtytwo that Testament of all those ascerwhile Pacific welcoming who, Union Stages 569

Utah Home Fire Insurance Co 573 tained results of investigation, decline to chapters of Isaiah. Many of these

Utah Engraving Co 570 accept any mere conjecture or theories chapters are quoted from several

Utah Oil Co 567 as final conclusions. And while he acknowltimes. Fourteen chapters from 1-35

his all edges great critics to very debt of Poultry Prod. Utah Cooperative are eighteen chaprepresented and latitudes, nevertheless the that believes he Association 547

is distribution ters from 4066. The it, Isaiah, practically as book of have we Light Utah Power 6 Co 561

Washburn Condon 516 may have been, and probably was, all excellent. There is not the slightest

Isaiah, written in the the son by of Amoz, Western Royal Vacuum 565 later half the eighth of century B. C. College Woodbury 566 To hintment anywherethat any inotherthe prophetNew Testathan the extent editors revised what suppleand

mented the prophet's discourses can never Isaiah the son of Amoz was the aube definitely determined."thor of the quoted passages. In fact

the other is the emphasis way. Note iSee

isQp. Vol.cit., II.pp.p.62f.297. Isaiah that Christ quotes and 61:1,2 ATTEND

expressly states that it was fulfilled Culture ofProvo School Beauty that at time (Sec Luke 4:1821). theThe School Promise Where LANKERSHIM is Kept HOTEL definitehistorian) capable (a Luke 1st 11 East No., Provo, Utah 7th & BROADWAY

A Life's income for a meager investment ly states that Christ was given "the

Fill in coupon for further book of the prophet Isaiah"(Luke iniormation or 4:17) from which he quoted the fulPhone No. 2 filled the that also prophecy. Note LOS ANGELES

-- ONE CHARGE "'TWO PERSONS 13. (Italics Delitzsch, op, "Franz cit., Vol. I, p.

otus.) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1939

THE "ISAIAH PROBLEM // learned and critical Paul who quotes as the sole author and that he prophtain, however, that Jews in the days

Isaiah so often and from so many esied concerning the future. of Josephus believed the book of

different places (see especially Ro- 5. Josephus expressly points out Isaiah to be a unity and that the

mans) knows of no equivalent to that Cyrus the king was especially prophet could see into the future.

Isaiah. of "Trito"or"Deutero"a prophecy impressed by Isaiah npHUS we see that all of the exterpassing strange In fact, it that seems chosen to the effect God had

that three minds so penetrating and him ( Cyrus ) to send Israel back to nal evidence is in favor of the letspiritual as Christ's, Paul's, and their own land and to build the temunity of the book of Isaiah. Now

Luke's could not see just a little of ple. There then follows a rather exus proceed to a consideration of some

evidence. the internal of critics of description Cyrus pretended modernwhat how see—even striking characterfollowing The their the latter native to were helped thesuming correct. Most Jews to go

istics entire the to book common willcritics the great reconstruction begin the concede powland and: its for unity strongly (Antiquities, of Christ,ers of XI, plead temple. of their mind and heart

Paul, and Luke even when denying 1,2.) Josephus also makes the fol- 6. The very marked detachment

them any supernatural powers of lowing interesting statement conof Isaiah's personahty from his inspiration or revelation. Nor are cerning Isaiah: prophecies. Only once (chapter 6)

these three the only ones who quote Now as to this prophet, he was by the does Isaiah relate a vision and tell

Isaiah in the New Testament. confession of all a divine and wonderful the circumstances under which his

4. Jesus BenSirach, about 180 man in speaking truth; and out of the asprophecy was delivered. Contrast

written that never surance he had what this with books as Jeresuch usage the history when recountingB. C,

all false, his prophehe wrote down was Daniel. Ezekiel miah, and thatof day, recorded Hezekiah's left in cies, books, behind them him and

Isaiah the prophet that their accomplishment might be judged 7. Every chapter in the book

characexcellent an by Saw verse—is

in to at the last; pass imagerycome spirit what should oftiquitiesfrom X,the2.)events by posterity. (Anyes,terizednearlyby theeverymajestic

that he comforted them mourned And revels, poetic which writer the the after discounting Josephus Even in Zion. style it of love elevation of and the as a historian his weaknesses that the things should showed be for He

to the end of time, is hard to believe that he would denature. Even the limited Isaiah of

And the hidden things or ever they liberately manufacture letters purthe critics has no monopoly on these came. ( Ecclesiasticus 48:24, 25, Revised porting to be from Cyrus that con- (Continued on page 568)

Version.) firm Isaiah's prophecies made nearIn the discussion from points 6-13 I have freely

"The J. J. Lias,

o{ BenSirach thus also reveals that ly two hundred years before the adoptedUnity ofmuchIsaiah,"from Journalan articleof bytheRev.Transactionsin ancient times Isaiah was regarded Persian king's time. We can be cerVictoria Institute, Vol. XLVIII, pp. 6584. the

YOU'LL BE MONEY AHEAD

Proper lubrication will eliminate 80 % of your repair bills, according to automotive authorities. And it's easy to have SPECIALIZED

neighborhood Just drive lubrication. in at your proper TION UBRICA Pep L Lubricafor Specialized intervals station at regular 88—Vice greose job, Not an oldtime slapdash

tion. but the scientifically correct lubricant

properly applied to each friction point.

Experienced service men will lubricate your car exactly as The ChekChart system prevents any slipup. the manufacturer wants it done. You'll be money ahead by

getting Specialized Lubrication—not just a grease job. Why

not drive in tomorrow?

STATIONS EVERYWHERE IN UTAH & IDAHO

..

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1939

THE WAY {Continued fromTHEpage 567)"ISAIAHmayPROBLEM"consult Isaiah 2:1017; 24:2;

qualities. The style of the book 65:1314 for instances from undisthroughout is unique in literature. puted Isaiah, from the "fragments,"TO MANY 8. The tendency to repetition. and from "Second"Isaiah respecNote the use of "woe,"in chapter tively. Shorter passages of a similar

5, as an instance. It reappears in kind occur very frequently throughHEARTS chapter 45 which is ascribed to out Isaiah. No writer but Isaiah supBy LaMont Toronto, E. A. Hutchinson, "Second"Isaiah. In "Second"Isaiah plies us with such examples.

and Kenneth C. Pendleton, formerly of repetition often assumes such forms It is seen that the later portions

the New Zealand Mission as "Awake, awake,""Cast ye up,"of Isaiah are by no means devoid for the sake of emphasis. of literary characteristics found in

TV MONGropeanthealike—whopeople—Maoridwell underand Euthe to 9.quoteThehistendencyown words.of theThisprophethabit otherthis writerparts ofis willingthe book.to Evenadmit so,a

rays of the Southern Cross, Latterday is not quite peculiar to Isaiah but somewhat different style in chapSaint missionaries have become familiar much more common with him than ters 4066 as contrasted with most figures. friends to continue make To is a of note precedes. There what Isaiah prophet. other Note any

converts, areand methods connew in chapters so these of not triumph 65:25. 11:6-9 compare andstantly being to sought supplement in the other sections of apparent of 10. use paronoabundanttracting The the holding of meetings. and

is brighter a book. and more There repetition the of the same or in Wellington, masia Zealand, It was New all throughout. comforting tone But city ofa is that to It resort 150,000 some to Europeans, necessary sound.

the mission first opened a public readthe Hebrew text of course to illusof the supposed differences do not ing room. With comfortable accommotrate such usage. Paronomasia is necessarily argue a different author. writer may vary his style from occasionally found in other books, A

but in Isaiah it stamps the whole one time to another as he writes book as one written by a man who under different conditions and on has the ear as well as the mind and different subjects.

heart of a poet. In chapters 4066 Isaiah deals

1 1 Expressions peculiar to Isaiah. with the great theme ol Israel's reThe most remarkable of these is demption. This accounts for the dif-

"the Holy One of Israel."Dr. G. ference in style (or should we say

L. Robinson states: mood) between them and most othclear er chapters in the book. With

"the divine name, Holy One The the return Isaiah of Isprophetic eye, saw to Isaiah ascribes rael,"Jehovah, which and which occurs twentyfive times in his of the Jews from the Babylonian

BOOK OF MORMON EXHIBIT AND book and only six times elsewhere in the captivity, the atoning sacrifice of the

READING ROOM. entire Old Testament, interlocks inseparChrist, the gathering of scattered

ably all the various portions with one another and stamps them with the perIsrael in the latter days, the evendations, free literature, and a complete sonal imprimatur of him who saw the vision tual glorification of Zion and the library of Church works, the plan, in of the Majestic God seated upon his throne Millennial and even "new era—yes, angelic lifted the up, heard high and andconjunction earth."with heavens a a Book of wonand new Mormon No holy, singing, holy, choirs "Holy, is Jeexhibit, results. gratifying brought tristrikes a poetprophet der the full is of the earth hosts: of whole Inhovahdoors, projection lectures machines and his comforts note peoand of umphant presence his (chapter glory"6). The

have been the friendmaking medium this divine name in all the different porple with his wondrous message.

that athletic instrucdemonstrations and in idenvalue is of tions of the more book his those approach book Only who tion of these prophtifying the been outdoors. Isaiah as have author naturalistic bias strongly can a his ecies been with as had though than name In district the Wairarapa chanced we fail for poet's the to reason see the chapof at every the inscribed beginning

is think entirelyupon what an we new.".. ) ( ter. in style or change mood proselyting.type of were we When 14. in Isaiah In and "Second"invited friend's to for a dinner house expressions as "Lord other Note is difreal there Isaiah "Trito"no that suggested permit to us prehewe of of Hosts,"Jacob""Mighty God in as ference the theology prophet's the meal.pare promised him and We the "Israel,"of Lord or "The Mouth chapters other with comparedhis that wife cook would some them we

real Yankee dishes. We prepared a hath spoken it,""Set up an enwhat we find is rather an extension

raw vegetable salad, a delicious meat sign,"etc. or more complete expression of his

loaf, and some steamed vegetables. The 12. The tendency to break sudtheology. What Professor Driver

meal was thoroughly enjoyed. denly into song. This feature is comand other writers of his class fail

The novelty of the scheme impressed mon to all the portions of the book to see is that a writer may not exour hosts so much that they told their and altogether peculiar to Isaiah. haust his theological ideas on a

friends about it. We received other Note Isaiah 5:1-7; 12:1-6; 26:1-4; given theme in thirtynine chapters

invitations to meals, prepare and 36:1020; 44:23; 48:20; soon 35:1-10; for chapters be left may—some like letter.our method worked a chain etc. 51:11; 54:1, sixtysix. forty to usually Authors

Our American meals were spiced 1 3. The piling up of ideas or imclaim the privilege of emphasizing

heavily the with traveled message we Isaianic feapeculiarly is a different doctrines as ocand topics to miles give these people.8,000 We ideas, building of up requires. casion ageryture—the it into excellent anfound to get means a similar of somesometimes and therefore, internal evidence, Thethe a the over, with home: good meal

family, happy and friendly, were willing times of a contrary nature, with a is strongly in favor of the unity of to sit around the cheery parlor fire and most powerful effect. The reader Isaiah. Certain it is that the critics'

discuss the Gospel. "Op. cit., p. M. arguments for the division of Isaiah

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1939

The "Isaiah Problem"MELVIN J. BALLARD

are far from being compelling and (Continued from page 523) were the inheritance he received conclusive. Lacking that, their case wonder that the Presiding Bishopric, from his parents. His father, Henry

must be labeled "not proved."The in its message of condolence, was Ballard, for almost forty years

most serious problem in connection moved to say, "Few men have bishop of the Logan Second Ward, with the text of Isaiah in the Book touched as many lives as he,"and came from London in 1852 to beof Mormon therefore disappears. to continue: come one of the outstanding pioAuthor's Note: The writer is aware of When there was an opportunity to neers of Cache Valley. His mother,

the fact that he has not exhaustively met serve, he was always ready and willing to Margaret McNiel Ballard, of Scotch every phase of every argument that might go, not only to appear in public, but to descent, drove a cow across the adalready distressed. been or that of the sick hasbe advanced and the homes His plains at thirteen years of age and

critical division the faith of in defensevanced comfort brought have and blessings of Isaiah. In a relatively short article that and courage to many of our Father's chilfor a large part of the way carried

could not be expected. I am appending dren. His presentation of the Gospel and her fiveyear-old brother, James, on

some references for the benefit of critical his testimony are largely responsible for her back.

readers who want to follow the pros and bringing many converts into the Church.

cons of the question in still further detail. He was a great missionary. His sermons All his life Melvin J. Ballard was

have inspired the youth of the Church, and a cheerful worker. No idle day can

REFERENCES their appreciation of his ministry is best be charged against him. His boyespecially those these works, (Some of attested they the manner in which by have hood days were spent on the farm. not of Isaiah, the unity wereupholding attended meetings schedin which he was

immediately available for more detailed uled to speak. When we analyze our own He attended the public schools of

reference.) feelings, we realize how much we are inLogan and the Brigham Young ColIn Favor of the Unity of Isaiah debted to him and his ministry for inspiralege. With a degree in business adtion, testimony, and encouragement in our 1. Biblical Franz. Delitsch, Commeri'in ministration, graduated he was work, will and him. miss much how we Isaiah. Authorthe Propheciestacy of on the 1894, but of a became member him. love him. honor apWe We We edithird the translationized from German faculty institution at the as his preciate music to contribution the establish- B. Intion the Denney, Rev. D. James by

of feel Latterday Zion, ment and we to instructor. his early of eduMuch Wagnalls. and volumes. Funktwo New

say, bless his comfort God and memory date.York. cation training music and obNo was the of his hearts friends. family and 2. Principal Isaiah C. Douglas, G. M. his efforts. tained through own Presiding Bishop Richards, LeGrand 1895. One. His Book andOne

3. Jeffreys, Mrs. L. D. The Unity of For THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. It was his musical ability that

Isaiah. Deighton Bell 6 Company, Cambrought him his first missionary exis useful the of booksbridge. This one most Melvin learned from J. Ballard three within weeks for perience,

linguistic evidence the subject.on The is his cradle the lessons of service and A. to his after marriage Martha position treatedcarefully Driver's Dr. and

sacrifice. he a Deacon As chopped or17, 1896, detail. in he was Jones on Juneexamined some

4. Kay, Dr. W. In "Introduction"to wood for the widows, cared for the dained a Seventy and sent to labor

in theIsaiah s Commentary. Speaker meetinghouse, performed and and B. Elders H. Roberts erwith

Isaiah,"of 5. Lias, Unity Rev. "The rands of mercy service for the and were holding George D. Pyper, who the Victoria TransactionsJ. J.Journal of the of

Institute, Vol. XLVIII, pages 6584. Lonpresident of the Relief Society, his meetings in the larger cities in the

don, 1916. The author gives a fuller treatmother, and for the bishop of the eastern states. Elder Roberts

subject of this in Bibliofheca Sacra,ment his father. ward, All the rugged sang; Elder Pyper preached, and

1915.October, virtues that living sound [Continued make for 570) on page Prof. 6. Margoliouth, D. S. Lines of

Defense of the Biblical Revelation, chapter iii. 1900.

7. Naegelsbach, C. W. E. "Isaiah"in

Lange's Commentary. Charles Scribner's

Sons. New York. SPOKANK 8. Robinson, George L. The Book of SEE THE BEST

Isaiah. Young Men's Christian Association

Press. New York, 1910. 9. Urwick, W. The Servant of the OF THE WEST

Lord. 1877. in dih'(jmdiihmiUjl Com\or\

In Favor of the Critical Division

OF Isaiah 1. Driver, S. R. An Introduction to the

Literature of the Old Testament. New

Edition, pages 204246. Charles Scribner's

Sons. New York, 1923.

2. Driver, S. R. Isaiah in the "Men of LOWCOST CIRCLE TOUR $0135*,

the Bible Series,"185212, pages where carefully stated. sides arearguments on both the FROM SALT LAKE CITY 31

3. B. Critical IntroducGray, George A forget. you'll vaction never a HERE'S totion the 178188. Testament, pages Old inattractions, the headline West's See Scribner's 1913.Charles Sons. York, New Fair, the cluding Francisco World's by San

4. to E. Introduction McFadyen, John Pacific airconditioned SuperCoach. Union Edition,the Revised, Testament, Old New You'll route, more see have en and more 127162.pages Stoughton Hodder Lim- & left to as go. To spend you make moneyited. 1932. London, trip carefree, take Excompletely your an 5. E., Oesterley, Robinson, and O. W. Tour. Hotel accommodations, pensePaid Introduction to theT. the H. Books of An all trips, Fair sightseeing admissions and 233287. pages Testament,Old MacThe for saving! at... your See arranged a youmillan 1934. York, Company. New details. for local Pacific Union agent bus 6. Torrey, Charles C. Second The Seattle. *Slightly higher or via Spokane BOULDER DAM Scribner'sIsaiah. Charles Sons. New

York, 1928. This book while "critical"

holds vigorously to the unity of Isaiah 34.35. 4066. UNION PACIFIC STAGES

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1939

MELVIN J. BALLARD

(Continued from page 569) cance, was one of the neverto-beable worker, and a sympathetic counselor.

character fine traits of other andand Elder Ballard, then twentyforgotten episodes of his hf e. These hearts in the place a unique him earned for

three, prayed, preached and sang. I have told this devoted friend of of the people, and his passing leaves us

After his companions'release, he mine repeatedly that, as a lover of heartbroken.

the First of the of Council The members in the missionaries work, of missionary as a missionaryremained and friends his other hosts join of and Seventy

Mission until a successorNorthern States by nature he was made Dehis to family in our expressing in colaborers cember, 1898. It was the beginning this respect to my father, Francis deepest sympathy and pray that God, our

of a career that was to distinguish M. Lyman. I have often thought Heavenly Father, will soften this terrible

him as a foremost evangelist in the that Francis M. Lyman's missionary blow and heal their broken hearts.

SEVENTY, OF COUNCIL first fell the misChurch; mantle upon Melvin it was of many

S. Wells. President Rulon By lastsions. work, stand to whose as it wasJ. hisBallard,first, FIRST one memwas He

orable day in a grove of weeping was missionary work. His activities were intensified and

willows near the bank of the El Rio Upon his return home from his his field of labor widened to include

De La Platte River in Buenos Aires, first missionary assignment in 1898, all the missions, stakes, and wards

Argentina, and dedicate a whole Brother Ballard became one of the of the Church when, in January, continent for the preaching of the organizers of the Logan Knitting 1919, Melvin J. Ballard was called

Gospel. On that South American Factory, and a founder of the to the Apostleship by President

summer day in December, 1925, in Logan Commercial Club, which he Heber J. Grant. Unmistakable was

company with Elders Rulon S. served for two terms as president the testimony he bore. At the

Wells and Rey L. Pratt, he offered and as a director. He became also April conference of 1920, speaking

a fervent and beautiful prayer in be- a city councilman of Logan. For of the resurrection of Christ, Elder

half of a people who were his lifesix and onehalf years he acted as Ballard said with thrilling assurlong interest. His return to the counselor in the bishopric of the ance:

United States through the Indian Logan Second Ward, and for two countries, covered with the ancient years as a member of the Cache He arose from the dead and came forth ruins of Book of Mormon signifiStake High Council. He soon beineternalsplendor,being. aHeresurrectedthen arose immortalto the heightand

came recognized as a speaker of exof power, of glory, and of majesty, and all the of master ceptional his services became ability and

. yielding to Him... Wethings,rejoiceeven indeaththe in constantLEARN TO SPEAK"'""'were demand. Meanwhile, he remained active as chorwitnesstruth, thatwe thehavetestimonythat Jesusof Histaughtdisciplesthe

ister of the ward and chairman of the concerning His resurrection is the truth;SPANISH, stake tabernacle choir, and for three we also know that the testimony of Joseph

his brethren Smith looked and upon who of served stake years the board on

I is true. the of the face bear RedeemerFRENCH and GERMAN I. Called the Y. A. on M. M. that a witness they have what I know EASY WAY short term mission in the winter of is the truth. I know as well as I know saidthat

AMAZING—FASCINATING 1 902-3, he assisted Elder Joseph W. I live and look into your faces that Jesus

ior better business second language aKnow lives is the Christ the of and Redeemer He of the First of Council oi McMurrin really position, foreign books, enjoysocial read that the world, with from dead He arose prolearn native under to speakTRAVEL, into o Seventy in organizing a branch still real that a tangible has body, andlessor.

Write Today for More Information the scattered members of the Church body which Thomas touched when he

NO OBLIGATION! living in the Boise basin of Idaho, thrust his hands into His side and felt the

THE CORTINAPHONE Short Cut a work subsequently resulting in the wounds of the spear and also the prints

State language you are interested in establishment of the Boise Stake. witnessof the nailsand revelationsin His hands.of GodI knowto meby thatthe Representative H. MARKS, GORDON

Thomas told the truth. I know that Joseph

CDRTIMPHOlVfE METHOD Jn April, 1909, Brother Ballard, Smith told the truth, for mine eyes have 324 U. P. Building—Sail Lake City. Utah then in his thirtysixth year and seen; for in the visions of the Lord to my

qualified by two missions and a large soulHis voice.I have IseenknowChrist'sthat Heface;lives,I havethatheardHe

and varied experience at home, beis the Redeemer of the world, and that He

all individual. shall men rise in the So president tration as of the North- t gan a wonderful tenyear adminisarose from the dead, a tangible and real oFrER..

the resurrection dead. from A COMPLETE States western Mission, headwith

SERVICE ENGRAVING at Portland, Oregon. Durportraits to Missionary the largest quarters From only acBallard not Melvin J.

catalogues. ing distinguished this time he when responsibility appointcepted and Attention. Orders Prompt Mail Given leader, himself a as as an adminthen well the ments performed and CO. ENGRAVING istrator, UTAH advocate, as an and as received, a assignments he actually but St. Salt Lake City, Utah 113 Regent

faith, five defender of the he directed responsibilto find sought eagerly hundred and fiftyfive missionaries ities which he might assume. Out

and erected fifteen chapels. Reof the 39 visits made by the General

periods of such membrance the as this Authorities to of the Church inspired the missionaryENHOLL(Commence Later if Desired)NOW has from in since 1919, Juarez Stake Mexico $25. Discount Complete leadership of the Church, on a Ballard of the First Melvin 15. Out made CULTURE COURSE Seventy, Council of a welldeserved School A StateINAccreditedBEAUTY of the 53 visits by members J. made

eulogy: General Authorities to the Alberta

Ogden School of Beauty Culture It is likely true that the Church has had Stake in Canada since 1919, Melvin leaders widely honored loved few more andOver Egyptian Theatre OGDEN. UTAH 13. mightily made J. Ballard How the greatest of than one Melvin J. Ballard,

Name loved! for the labored cause he the missionaries has produced. Church He he

Address City..State was an inspirational speaker, an indefatigBesides his constant and Church570

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1939 widelard—simplymissionaryto service,list positionsElder heldBalamong a strong and progressive people by virtue of his resourceful mind,

responsive heart, and hands strong School Day Appetites and quick to help—served as a member of the General Superintendency need the good energybuilding

theof Y. M. A.; as a member M. I. of food values of Royal Bread the Salt executive Council Lake

board, the National Council, and the regional committee, Region Children use up a lot of energy

Twelve, of the Boy Scouts of Amerin classroom and playground.

ica; he was general manager of The They need plenty of bodybuild-

Improvement Era; chairman of the ing food substances. Royal Bread

Church Music Committee; and in supplies those food elements in

the spring of 1 936 was named gendelicious, easilydigested form.

eral chairman of the Church WelIt's better than ever before. Try it

fare Program, visiting each of the sixteen regions to direct the work of organization instruction. and He ptn&L

was later released from this position EVERY DAY AT YOUR GROCER'S Wh in a reorganization placing increased FINE responsibility on committee members ROYAL BAKING CO., Salt Lake & Ogden

who are not General Authorities of 100% Home Owned George Mueller, President reaDthe Church, and was made an adviser to the General Committee. ua

As members of the General Superintendency of the Y. M. M. I.

A., George Albert Smith, Melvin J.

Ballard, and Oscar A. Kirkham and

I were brought together in very intimate association. And because I IS THE TIMElive on the road to Brother Ballard's WOW

home, it was his practice during all for Latterday Saint youth to prepare for future sucthe years of our intimate association together in the Superintendency to cess through efficient training in a distinguished Unibring me home in his automobile. versity. This month another school year begins at

My opportunity to become acquaintthe Church University, and those who take advaned with my neighbor and friend, tage of it will find their experience both inspirational brother and associate, revealed to and profitable.

me something of the exemplary life which has influenced the youth and Registration Dates ofmanhood this Church in a way September 22, 23, 25, 1939never forgotten. In this to be work,

which includes the national Boy Write for a Catalog to: The President

Scout program, Melvin J. Ballard

threw wholeheartedly the tremendous weiqht of his mighty personBrigham Young University ality and the stirring eloquence of his gifted oratory. "The Friendly School"at Provo, Utah

their Hundreds of young men owe life in the memberships to I. A. M.

the eloquent appeals of Melvin J. A ME R I C A'S FINES T O V E R A L LBallard. not unusual It was for him

to return from a convention with SINCE 1853 from five to fifteen paidup memberships. He did not cease to labor

with his might to get life memberTHERE'S A reasonLEVI'S ships from older men, who, as he No others Wear like LEVI'S!

said, were indebted to the M. I. A.

for information and inspiration, and from the young men in whose souls LEVI STRAUSS A NEW PAIR FREEhe endeavored to awaken ambition t CO. IF THEY RIP

for lifelong membership in an asNON- sociation which would be an unceasSCRATCH CONCEALED COPPER RIVETS ON BACK POCKETS (Concluded on page 572)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1939 "L D. S. Training Paysl"MELVIN J. BALLARD

{Concluded [rom page 571) Salt Lake; Mrs. R. Dale Snow of

ing urge for them to live in accordWashington, D. C; M. R. Ballard, WHAT ance with the high ideals and stanRulon J. Ballard, and L. M. Ballard,

dards of the Church. His appeals all of Salt Lake; and McNeil Ballard

of Dallas, Texas. To this family will assure were effective. Through his efforts

the M. I. A. has today a long hst the expression of high esteem of

of life members. their father which has come from

the First Presidency of the ChurchTDMDflRDW'S When Melvin J. Ballard became must be a genuine source of graticomparatively the magazine was after whom to pattern their lives: SUCCESS? manager of The Improvement Era, tude for having had such a father in circulation, small both in size and

with a limited function concerning In the passing of Elder Melvin J. Ballard

the Church as a whole. Under his the Church has lost a great spiritual leader;

leadership a special committee of the state has lost a citizen who stood for citizenship. are of ideals the highest There of of the General Board members

that they so none so high and none humble ImprovelAj-. the Mutual Men's Young will lose going. not by his

ment Association, headed by George We of the First Presidency suffer a deep

Q. Morris, made the magazine a and poignant personal loss. He was our

special order of business for months. friend and brother—earnest, devoted, sincere, in his indefatigable condependable, kinds Current magazines of many

stant service the to Cause. There no was styles in armfuls were brought and that frequent, task so great call so and no

and laid upon the table before the he did not undertake each with all the committee while the matter was disgreat energy he possessed. The Lord was

blessed in him. and his work, of with as a result cussed. was And it

his for his counsel, miss him Wehimshall investicareful this prolonged and full service. his the has earned wisdom, He

gation under the general direction reward of the faithful.

of Melvin J, Ballard that The ImMay the Lord assuage the sorrow of all provement Era took on its present who mourn his going and especially his

Your future success deattractive, modern format and asfaithful wife and children.

pends chiefly upon what sumed its wider Church function. THE FIRST PRESIDENCY.

Grant, you know and what you the decision time At the same Clark, Jr., ReubenJ. was HeberJ. do. con to reached combine the Young David O. McKay.

Therefore an early invest- 'Woman's Journal, organ of the i.

ment in the right training W. M. I. A., with the Era, which Worldly wealth he did not have,

will pay dividends all your union was effected in November, but faith, devotion, charity, good life. 1929. It was further under the diworks, and a lifetime of righteous

of business rection managers Melliving into soul the brought of MelThe below coupon will Clarissa vin Ballard Bees- A. and spirit that Ballard vin of God J. bring information the about their joint ley A. com- J.and M. I. which to enabled understand him faciliexceptional training that mittee the camChurchwide the things of God. ties that here. await you in resulted staged which paign was

In In years he age sixtysix. was in increase of subthe number Register any Monday in an in travmiles performed, good deeds scribers comparatively from a few October.

eled, in in held, souls meetings convision to Their 45,000. thousand

Attention Returned Missionstarted on its way this great and verted, and in faith and good cheer aries: Ask about the spepopular Church magazine which has extended he was many, many years

cial rates to which you are now become such a vitally important older. In the words of President

entitled. factor in practically all of the leading Clark, "His was a spirit mighty in

activities of this great Church. service; his was a spirit mighty in

love."Find if you can any man who

L. D. S. broughtThe yearsto ofBrothertheir livesandtogetherSister farin theandsamedonelengthas muchof timegoodhasas goneMelvinas

Ballard a family of eight children.

husband's duties took him of health, vigor, and strength. This BUSINESS Her J. Ballard! He was the embodiment

consequently the responsibility and friends thousands, the no by and had COLLEGE away from home much of the time, marvelous man, this man who made of largely the family rested upon is will there enemies, gone. When

Sister Ballard. great devoWith 70 North Main Street another! come such

Salt Lake City, Utah tion she has filled her place by his side. During his first mission she While his earthly work is finished,

supported herself and babe and yet, in the language of Jesus the Son

Please send me your "Bulletin of Informahelped to maintain him by teaching of God, he still lives, for Christ said tion."school. With the exception of a to Martha: "I am the resurrection,

son, Kenneth A., all of their children and the life: he that believeth inName are still living: Mrs. R. W. Madme, though he were dead, yet shall

Address sen, Jr., and Mrs. James F. Keyser of he live."(St. John 11:25.)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1939

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS

{ Continued from page 545 that might be cited, go to show that The Midian to which Moses remodern Biblical archaeology supThe- paired after his exploit in Egypt was ports better than could really be historical expected the claims culture. of higha country The of the Deseret Pentateuch and the Book of Joshuaworship and of Jehovah Elohim wascurrent there, justifying Joseph—as well as the other books of the

Smith's statement that Jethro, Bible. It must always be kept inMoses'fatherin-law, held the true mind that in its early history, the Gymnasium

Priesthood. In the Sinaitic peninIsraelitish nation was insignificant

sula the inscription on a rock has compared with the many important yA IMS to promote been found giving a date correspondneighboring nations. At best, it was -i health and happiing to the Exodus and a name coronly another troublesome group of ness, to increase efficiento people lands. Egypt and otherresponding to Moses. clean, to build strong

also, It must be that cy, remembered, has Research revealed contembodies, providing b y to monuments celebrate were built recordsporary the inmentioning vasion of Palestine by the Hebrews the great deeds of king and country. scientiHc exercise and

after the long sojourn in Egypt. The minor affairs, as then conceived, healthful recreation unEven the name Israel, strictly a Heof the Hebrews, would hardly be der wholesome conditions,

in memorialized costly structures name, carvedbrew found has been of wise supervision and exstone, in or special writings onin a rock. Canaanitish idolaThe pert instruction. clay. papyrus or civilizationtrous religion have and

been shown to correspond thoroughIt may well be asked how the archaeological information ofly record. the Bible with the CLASSES In day has been obtained. Egypt, especial note is the conclusion, Of

after careful study, that the Hebrew Assyria, Babylon and other counGAMESlaws, such as the Ten Commandtries of antiquity great stone monuin beasts, the form of men, orments, primitive the ments "than are more SWIMMIIB shafts (steles) built were to comcorresponding of the laws Babythe memorate noble deeds of or Hittites."lonians This confirms the The Deseret Gymnasium kings. notably the these On Saint beliefthe Latterday that the rulers,

Gospel was given to Adam, and in were cut inscriptions relating hismany lands has come down in a toric events. Sometimes the proud

corrupted form, but maintained in monarch would cut the story into its purity among Israel. ( See Barthe face of a prominent cliff. The

ton, The Haverford Symposium on Egyptians wrote much on papyrus,

Archaeology and the Bible, } which has been preserved under the IVobndy Can The forty years'sojourn in the dry climate of the Nile valley. In

wilderness has been explained by Babylonia and Assyria, with athe likelihood that the people settled higher rainfall, symbols were pressed Stop LOSS—

temporarily in Midian, a friendly into tablets of clay, then dried or

Inscriptions on potterycountry, This baked. to Moses. well known

furnished have Everybody Can Through many a clue. thanis more credible a long wandering in the Sinaitic peninsula, covromantic and magnificent studies

ered with roads, mines, and quarries and efforts of scholarship Egyptian Avoid It Througti under the Egyptian government. hieroglyphics, cuneiform, and other The long discussions about the writing may now be read. mSUHAlVCE

actual date of the fall of Jericho and Several special finds have contherefore of the occupation of Paltributed much to the knowledge of estine by Israel have been settled in early Bibhcal days. In 1887, a counfavor of the Bible date. It has been try woman of Tell el Amarna, a vilWhen you come here

shown that the walls of Jericho fell lage on the Upper Nile, found in a for insurance you get it, under a sudden catastrophe. Parrubbish heap a collection of inscribed coupled with attentive,

allel walls surrounded the fortress clay tablets, an ancient file of corexperienced service. This

of Jericho; wooden beams were laid respondence written chiefly from is an agency of the Utah

from wall to wall upon which houses Egyptian overlords in Palestine to Home Fire Insurance Co.

were built, as Rahab's house, "built the Pharaoh of Egypt. These letupon a wall."The corroboration of ters and dispatches were dated at

the Bible account is then complete. the time of Joshua, when the He-

A group of letters, the Tell el brews were settling in Palestine. InAmarna tablets, written about the valuable knowledge was gained from UTAH HOME HRE

days of Joshua, discusses repeatedly these tablets. INSURANCE CO.

the invasion of Palestine of the In 1929, another collection of his- "Habiru,"the Hebrews. Cities and torical tablets was found in Ras Heber J. Grant & Co.

events conforming to the Bible story Shamra in Asia Minor, opposite General Agents.are there mentioned repeatedly. Cyprus. These are contemporary Salt Lake City, Utah

These, with many other examples ( Concluded on page 575

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1939

SOLUTION OF AUGUST PUZZLE Scriptural Crossword PuzzleThe Upward Look {Col.3:1)

R U T H B E 1 N'G >'N T F S R A N aX Tx B "B E -R A D R w 1 X 1

1 L E D M A A A D 0. L

T> L A -R A M M E B Y 'A N OK/'E s E 1 N V \

1 1 M S E T C x '/y J ig: R L L s A s H H C T

c H A 1 N te H h.y\ A L L E E Mu AE X>1 E i&Y

A M p A -R T ( N L E T R N A L 1 V E 3Ki A! E r-l E K A T E G N E W

i/s (convenient/ at'sS,nexpensive I U/hd?

Our New, Convenient, Inexpensive readymade Binder ACROSS for keeping your IMPROVE- 1 "The... of the valley shall be 35 "be... bitter against them"

MENT ERAS readily accessweet unto him"36 "in respect of... holyday"

sible with a minimum of 5 Sayings attributed to Jesus 37 "he is of...; ask him"

. 11 "the hope trouble.

"... is life. hid. beforev/ithus"Christ in 3839 "yetFather... I with you in the spirit"12

sitteth the Christ... 40 "Where God"durable, are These binders

of right God".. all, in all"hand and Christ. "but that 13 attractive, and so made.. have all might. he in serial "that (anag.) 41 trip; another 14 Take

a whole year's issues can be 16 Collection of maps the preeminence"conveniently kept, issue by 18 "without natural..."AA Trees

selections of formed Literary state work Ad England 20 New issue, ready for immediate

Father"the. pleased "For 47 21 Newt reference. of Joseph the... of his 48 home.. The "leaning 22 upon

... old man"

..."the of And the price is only $1.25 23 "Andstaff"have put... the new man"4950 "put"all theoff ends

per binder! 24 "And above all these... put on 52 "seek peace, and... it"

charity"53 "... not the work of God"

See them in our display win27 "But as it is written, Eye hath not dow. No. 8, South Main seen,... ear heard"Our Text from Colossians is 11, 12,

Street, or call at 29 Richards 29 Giant king of Bashan 18, 23, 24, 32, 35, 40, 41, 48, 49.

Street, for full particulars. 3230 Paul"who isis one... all"and 50 combined

DOWN 1 Rude inn in the East 28 "for a living... is better than

2 Mountain of Thessaly a dead lion"charge I commit unto thee, 31 "This inaudible 3 Make..."son not with a... neck""speak 4

5 Always 33 Notice of a proposed marriage cJjederet i lewd 6 Wildwordsfig of Asia Minor (two 3435 PlantAn edict giving toleration to Prot- 7 Town in Switzerland estants was issued here 8 Masculine name; oral (anag.) 38 Samson "went away with the...

I'veSS... 9 "anding tookit to it. out.. cross"of the way; nail40 Possessesof the beam"

29 Richards Street 10 "evenalso. do..ye"Christ forgave you, so 42 "Neitherendless givegenealogies"... to fables and

Salt Lake City, Utah 15 He lives in western Russia 43 "But the... on which the lot

17 "The... are a people not strong"fell to be the scapegoat"

Prompt Attention Given to 19 "Rooted and built,.. m him, 45 Age

Mail Orders and Inquiries and stablished in the faith"47 Japanese admiral 23 Mouths 49 Tellurium 25 Dig 51 Means of transportation 26 Earth, a combining form

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1939

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS {Concluded from page 573) most praiseworthy scholarship has torical record accurate in its statewith the Tell el Amarna tablets, and been applied to them. Much has ments far beyond the expectations

throw further light on the conquest been learned; more will be learned. of scholars a generation ago.

of Canaan by Israel. They emphaThe question at the head of this J. A. W.

size the Semite culture and religion article may then be answered: As Editor's Note: Interested readers will

of that day. far as human learning has prodo well to refer to the following splendid

Equally important appear to be gressed nothing has been found to books, written in popular language, from the glazed potsherds covered with discredit the historicity of the early which much of the foregoing has been writing discovered in Lachish, twenbooks of the Bible; so much has taken. Caiger, Stephen L., The Old Testaty-five miles southwest of Jerusabeen found in support of the hismentpages, andan abbreviationModern Discovery,of Bible and1938,Spade;102

lem, in 1933. These have not all torical claims of these books, that Caiger, Stephen L., Bible and Spade, 1935,

been deciphered, but they date from we are justified in looking upon them 218 pages; Marston, Sir Charles, New Bible

Sir pages; Marston, 250 historical correct as documents, long after the days more Evidence,about 600 B. C,

Charles, the about Knowledge The 1934,New other accurate than of conditions like documents revealof Joshua, and 1933, 182 pages; Yahuda, Old Testament,

that time. From them may come dealing with the same period of hu- A. S., The Accuracy of the Bible, 1934,

also new knowledge concerning the man history. The Bible is a his226 pages.

early history of the Bible.

The sources of Biblical archaeology are many. The finest and

When Health Is At Stake {Concluded from page 526)explained that a pitcher, bucket, mus basin, anything holding water, a wash cloth and a rough towel, were all necessary. the equipment THE LIFE OF A DICWOR afforded to ex- m Opportunity was

amine many of the Elders a few weeks after the health regime was adopted. In every case the tone had

greatly improved and there was an increased resistance to many of the minor ills which trouble missionaries.

To test the efficiency of the program after a period of from six to ten weeks'training a running relay arranged. a Health At the timewas (H'm f0:00 A.M.Exhibition, sponsored left by the Dictaphone the chap. on.. Here'strial...thiswell,newno phonefO:03A.M.call... if she'd(Miss beenBrown'stakingcatchingdictationthat

Church, was being held in Kidderharm in testing it...) "Take a note to Meigs we'd both have been stopped.) "... JimNolan,

minster. The run was from Birmasking for a rating..."Chicago office..."

ingham to Kidderminster, distance nineteen miles. Each runner ran one

mile.

The run was in no wise a race against time—a little better than six

and onehalf minutes to the mile was the time. It was a demonstration

of the efficacy of a regulated health program carefully supervised and conscientiously carried out. The

boys came in fresh. None of them (0:07A. M. (Say, this is something /Talk (0:(0 A. M. (I'm clearing my desk m

"... a letter to take the time!) about going on record!') "Miss Brown, said it weariedwere would and all

... that contract Dictaphone 'Gentlemen 'OnI orcalledbeforeyou half Corporation about

'to have two as easy runhave been.

. 15 a th!'"line....... Bring March dotted me

miles as it was to run one! It's amazing how a demonstration practically always means that a Dictaphone moves in... and the

England, in common with other needlesstating machinewaiting yourself.and frequentNo interruptionsobligation. Justof twopersonphone our dictationlocal officemoveor out.clip theTry invitationthis modernbelow.diccountries, is awakening tO'the need

of a wider, more comprehensive DICTAPHONE,N. Y. Corporation, Ave. C. 420 Lexingtonhealth real are program. There opDictaphone

Ltd. In Corporation,

Street, West, Toronto 86Canada—DictaphoneRichmond thisportunities of kind in movements

a of loan talk like about the I should with someone take tofor the a dignified me. to Church at Progress Cabinet no expense QDictaphone in Newto

and important position of leadership Q Send further information about Dictaphone.

among the young men and women NameCompany..

ddress word TheDictaphone AccesBories DICTAPHONECorporation,to whichMakersissaidthe TradeMaritofRegisteredDictatingJBTrade-MarkApplied.Machines andofofElder—throughthe world. hisAndphysicalas for fitnessevery A

he can deliver a message in a new and an impressive manner. 575

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY OLDFASHIONED GIRL

THEperson.correctMostuse isof themostsuperlativeand almostof manyindicatesor much;the culturedalmost Alice:Gladys: "Nothing."What areI youjust marryinglove him."George for?"

is an adverb: Most of us regretted leaving. The bell rings DOES SON KNOW? almost every hour.

"Which university is your son attending?"

My dear Brother: Smithfield, Utah, "I've forgotten, but it is the one just outside of the Yale bowl."

CONGRATULATE you on the very earnest fight you are making HISTORICAL

I to educate the youth of the Church to the harmful effects of Two ancient coins were found clasped in the hand of a tobacco. You are doing an excellent service for youth, whether skeleton unearthed during excavations in London. It is thought

they appreciate it or not. to be the remains of the first Scotsman to visit the metropolis.

If youth could only realize the harmful efFects of this weed

I am sure it would soon be eradicated. I remain, PREFERS QUAKE

Yours interested in youth, A district having been subjected to several earthquake shocks,

G. L. Rees. M. D. a married couple sent their little boy to an uncle who lived out

Bishop of Smithfield Fourth Ward. of the danger zone. A day or two later they received a

telegram: DEFINED "Am returning your boy—send earthquake."

is Teacher: what a synonym.""Tommy, IT

its definition "I 'zackly, but it's a word HOW TO KEEP don't know Tommy:

you use when you can't spell the otlier one."

CHOICE VOCATION Hal: "It must be awful to be a debt collector. You must

be unwelcome wherever you go."

Joe: "Not at all. Practically everybody asks me to call

again."PROMOTED Rastus: "Ah's sure advanced in de pas* couple ob years."

Mose: "How's dat?"

Rastus: "Well, two years ago Ah was called a lazy loafer,

and now Ah's listed as an unfortunate victim ob de unemployment situation."

NO REFLECTION Cohen: "You don't look well, Jacob. What's the matter

with you?"late, differassistant a always always had and was The new is to take going doctor, he and just to see a "I've been Jacob:

late greeted hour Arriving morning, ent excuse. an one he was appendix."away my the this with, story what's Brown, "Well, manager your by it. let him do Don't appendix away! your "Take Cohen: time?"

it,"can't touch it then they wife's and in your name Put "Well, sir,"was the reply, "my daughters were afraid of last night, the the mirror storm the mantleshelf turned and over A DAY HOLE to wall. this the round downstairs morning, I came When

"Well, what did you do it in?"I Old Golf Club Member: I couldn't in lookingglass, the myself see naturally, and

thought I'd gone to work!"New Member: "Seventysix."

"You win!"gasped the manager. NewOld GolfMember:Club Member:"Yes, and "Verytomorrowgood,I'mindeed."going to play the

SEEING IS BELIEVING second hole."

Little Boy: "Papa, does the chaplain pray for the congressDILEMMA SOLVED

men?""If you do not close that window, waiter, I shall die from

it I shall close diner. said draught,"the lady if you do a "And the reading Papa: Congressional Record "No, son—after

this stouter lady. in weather!"exclaimed a the heat hot from at the convinced that he looks prays die congressmen I am and

for the country."There was a giggle amongst the diners at the dilemma of the

waiter, when a literary gentleman said: "My good fellow, your

SHE'LL SAY PLENTY duty is clear; close the window and kill one lady; then open

A much too modern young woman arrived at her grandit and kill the other."

mother's house wearing a fashionable backless evening frock. BEFORE REPENTANCE

I lectured her: "It's shameless. Grannie to think dread said the "Children,"school teacher, Sunday "what is the what that if she your mother would dress."say saw you in first sins to before our can be forgiven?"do thing we have

The young miss smiled. "I dread it, too. You see, it beLittle Harry waved his hand. "Please, ma'am,"he said,

longs to her.""the first thing we must do is to sin!"

INDISPUTABLE PROOF BOBBY'S GOOD TURN

Neighbor Girl: "What is the new baby at your house, a Sunday School Teacher: "How many of you made someone

boy or a girl?"happy last week? All right, Bobby, and what did you do?"

Small Brother (disgustedly): "Aw, I guess it's a girl. I Bobby: "I went to see my Grandma and she was very

saw 'em use powder on it."happy when I went home."

ijmiL

lx}iiiJt/irL

MAVAL OBSERVAIOKY TIME

To Western America, KSL brings the correct time on the hour, wenty times each day! It's

the famous "sound of the not#''that is accurateu..

to within one onehundredth oftlecond!

Housewives and businessmen, mariners on ships at sea, residents of islands in the Pacific citizens of the great northwest in Alaska set their clocks and their watches by KSL!

More proof of the complete service brought you by "The Voice of the West."When you

wonder whether your time is correct, listen for

KSUs "beep"—a high frequency note controlled

directly from the nation's time observatory in

Arlington, Virginia.

Try This

on Your Piano

Boys and Girls, the KSL time note is the third;/E"above middle "C"Columbia's 50,000 Watt

on your piano. Try it. Affiliate in Salt Lake City,

A RAINBOW dF PROMISt

When the first sharp frost has fallen and the Autumn of life has begun, your investment in Life m

Insurance will bring forth a golden harvest of leisure years and comfortable independence.

M KNM,II'm ".\bt s""***"'7Xi=

HOME OFFICE -BENEFICIAL LIFE BLDG.. SALT LAKE CiTY. UTAH

HEBER J. GRANT, PRESIDENT

I'A j%m'