The Totem Pole, Monument Valley, Arizona

SEPTEMBER 1957 gggg; m

,..

... where Next stop home

Puppies grow strong on Friskies -the balanced diet meatloving dogs love!

PUPPIES STARTED EARLY on essential vitamins and minerals,

Friskies Meal are already on the other wholesome nutrients—all

way to sturdy growth and vigor. are here to develop the firm flesh,

Why? Because Friskies Meal sound bones and glossy coat

contains in convenient form all that mean lively good health for the food values found in finest your dog.

steaks, chops and roasts. balanced diet. Friskies Meal

fully nourishes. Friskies is is a complete dog food—prerich in meat meal, bone meal, pared to the high standards of

liver protein—and is even more the Carnation Company. Start

nourishing than meat alone.The feeding Friskies today!

A Complete Dog Food For Variety—Canned Friskies

Fully nourishing. Provides up to

of twice low the nourishment quality or (arnation foods. alone dog Feed quickest,..and MIX. EASIEST ALL TO OF Friskies with a speas mix Meal quality products instantly. water. Just add too. Mixes cial treat. taste

Ready at once, no waiting. Won't mush.

ALBERS MILLING COMPANY, DIVISION OF CARNATION COM PAN Y, LOS ANGELES 36, CALIFORNIA No mess. Feeding bowl rinses clean.

Exploring theWrse

Enjoy the flavor of the exotic South Sea Islands by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

The International Geophysical Year (IGY) began on July 1, 1957, and runs for 18 months. During this period

scientists from 55 countries will make a concerted effort in a single program of studying astronomy, atmospheric physics, meteorology, cosmic rays, oceanography, gravity, seismology, magnetic effects, even latitude and longitude. Special

emphasis is being given the polar regions, as was given in the two previous geophysical years, 1883 and 1932. A

thousand stations, fifty of them in Antarctica, will participate in this greatest scientific event of the 20th century.

The UNESCO Courier estimates that 60 countries publish books at the rate of more than five billion annually.

This averages about two books to each person, or about four for each person capable of reading.

THAT QUEER fish the sea horse is an odd creature, perhaps best known as the fish whose male carry the brood in a \% $*.4- pouch, even

though the female lays the eggs. The At your

male sea horse's favorite grocer'spouch is not just a storage place but per-—a fullpound only 49c

forms the role of a placenta with the release of the eggs from the father. The

species of seamost horse do not common Nearly half of the entire cookie is creme—and what algrow larger than inches, about two

though in the Australian seas and near marvelous creme it is! Made from real coconut, beaten

Japan they may grow up to two feet and whipped until it flows smooth, thick and creamy in length. In appearance like the knight then placed lavishly between two tender golden wafers.

piece in chess, the sea horse is further They're the talk of the table wherever served... new,

unusual in that unlike other fishes it swims in an upright position. The tail different and most delicious. Keep some on hand.

is used not for swimming but for gripping solid supports. PURITY BISCUIT CO. Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatello

SEPTEMBER 1957 609 I IIMM Worried about BANGING Policy Shift in Russia

FENDERS? by Dr. G. Homer Durham

VICE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

A remarkablewithin the Sovietpolicy shiftUnionhassinceoccurredthe tentialpattern elementshave now ofappeared.a different Soviet

death (March 1953) of Stalin. Events In Marxist political theory, economic

during June and July bore striking eviarrangements "determine"the nature of dence. political arrangements. The "dictatorThe newspapers have devoted much ship of the proletariat"rests on the

space to the shakeup in the ruling principle that political power must be circle. Malenkov, Molotov, and Kaganoconcentrated in the communist party's

Get the Extra Width vichassumedwereformaldropped.place Generalwith the Zhukovfifteen controlelite in theorderstate'sthat economythis "vanguard"in the intercan

members of the Presidium (formerly the ests of the "working class."To deof this Lifetime Politburo). It was stated that "B. and centralize controls, is therefore an

K."(Bulganin and Kruschev) had eloquent thing to millions of literate

Steel Garage Door! become "K. and B."But the shift is Russian workers. The significance, too,

deeper than personnel. Basic policy is is not lost on the thousands of Soviet

conventional The scientists, involved. in their forties, as The outlines fifties, now are somewhat 8'is garage door follows: early and sixties—plus the of hundreds that size wide—and thousands 1. Fundamental of younger change technicians in economic fine and for the was

narrow cars of the policy. Rather than attempt to run the students. At least the "elite"is broad-

'20s. But today—Soviet economy from central ministries ened and the "cult of the individual"

cars as with wide and bureaucracies in reduced. the Kremlin, (Stalinism) 6'as the extra clearneed 8"—you operating authority has The failure decentralbeen 9'Strand's ance of communism and comof wide to door

protect against costly fender damage. ized to the industrial or regional level. munist organization to meet fundawill This steel popular door of stay new Instead trying to mental run their economic General in desires—especially a for get permanently lifetime and you or agriculture, their Motors stores Safeway is thus from apparent. New easy operation. swelling, warping, No

sagging—ever. Strand doors are galWashington, the Soviets are reorganizing machinery and new methods are being

vannealed (galvanized with a heavy to run such concerns from their Detroits; devised.

zinc rust for protection; coat oven or, from 2. Denverlike regional centers. shift in economic policy? Why the

a clinging for baked base socialist nature of The failure of Soviet enterprise postwar The Soviet economic paint). needed. coat prime toNoprovide

Based on installed cost, Strand is has not been changed. The structure policy was openly acknowledged when

America's greatest garage door value. of managerial control has been modiMalenkov was forced out as premier.

first probecause of huge cost—Low fied. the Stalin Presidium Where could attempted remain entrenched fail and

duction. cost, installation beLowest control fifteen through in office of or twenty ruthless by reasons minforce and leaf cause of onepiece door and

factoryassembled hardware. See istries (with perhaps forty or fifty key brutality, coupled with the semisacred

Stranddoors—9'at xyour7'andlumber8'x 7'dealer's.and 16'x 7'peoplefollows involved),a different thepattern.reorganizationControls thepositionsaviorheof occupiedRussia againstin thetheKremlinGermans.as

are now diffused in several hundred When Stalin died, new leaders had to hands, in several cities. face a postwar and a postrevolutionary

This makes for a fundamental shift generation. Molotov is the last of the

in political as well as in economic au- "old"Bolsheviks who conspired to overSTRAND thority. The fifteen Soviet leaders bethrow the Czar. It is now 1957. As in

fillSteel QalvarutealecL come more dependent on a larger group America, so in Russia, people who were of people, separated. geographically born after 1920 in- a great now have GARAGE DOORS politics Russian in the are not suddenly gofluence country. literate, A new,

ing to become like American politics, scientificallyeducated generation domiAT YDUR LOCAL LUMBER DEALER where Democratic or Republican nanates middlemanagement, and many tional chairmen are dependent on the topgrade executive posts. These new

powerful leaders of urban counties such people, though with a distorted view,

MORRISONMERRILL & CO. as those in New York, Pittsburgh, Chiare aware of a wider world outside the

Building Material Distributor cago, Detroit, Los Angeles, Cleveland, Soviet Union. Some are embarrassed

205 NORTH 3rd WEST Boston, and Philadelphia; and, where over Soviet treatment of Hungary and

Also At (consequently) leadership rests not on other satellite nations. They are vetFALLS, BOISE, POCATELLO, TWIN who II. A man RENO, FALLS, IDAHO; IDAHO

page NEVADA justingauthoritya varietybut on ofcompromiseinterests. But,and poad- erans of World (ContinuedWar on 686)

610 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Books the entire Church is talking about!

i 9 #####

Eternal Quest

By Hugh B. Brown

Here is a wide range of rich, challenging discussions and topics which present Elder Hugh B. Brown at his best.

Believing that the quest for truth is eternal, Elder Brown seeks it out in such interesting, logical, and entertaining ways that the reader is constantly stimulated and inspired. This compilation

of sermons and writings during a lifetime of church service contains his wellknown "Rational Faith Series"of radio broadcasts and his choicest talks to servicemen during World

Warspeaker—II. Alsoit hascontainsmuch forinvaluablethe leader—ithelps isforfulltheofgospellifts forteacherlife. or

$3.50 a.., #

Teaching the Gospel With Prayer and

Testimony

By Willard A. Aston

of the for teaching the churchwide author plan The gospel t tfOSWE** ****** field in the mission has here reveals the technique which been instrumental in increasing the effectiveness of missionary work.

But more important than merely outlining a plan, the author has cleverly managed to dramatize the presentation so that the reader catches all the enthusiasm of the ardent missionary preaching the gospel. This book will be a tremendous aid to all

who are instructing in any phase of the church program because it teaches the gospel... and it teaches how to teach!

$3.00 # t ** ustssMStat—

frttms $lttkd Wtemat* Our Constitution—Divinely Inspired

Some Political Blessings By J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

From a noted diplomat, statesman, and religious leader comes a timely reminder that the Constitution of the United States is just as i sstis ajUy. * upto-date in the world today as when it was first given to the inspired

men who framed it. This discussion will help each reader to enshrine

in his heart the eternal truths of our Constitution so that come what may, we shall never desert these truths. 3UC

AVAILABLE FROM BOOKCRAFT DEALERS BOOKCRAFTPUBLISHERS TO THE LD.S. TRADE

EVERYWHERE 1186 SOUTH MAIN HU 7-7488

These three motor hotels LDS owned and operated. Make them your headquarters

when in Phoenix, Arizona.

SEPTEMBER 1957 611 OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, WARD TEACHERS, MUSIC COMMITTEE, DEPARTMENT VOLUME 60—NUMBER 9

OF EDUCATION, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints SEPTEMBER 1957

THE COVER

The Totem Pole, Monument Valley, in

Northern Arizona, is our cover subject this month. The full color photograph is the

work of Josef Muench.

The Voice of the Church

DAVID O. McKAY

RICHARD L. EVANS

Editors Doyle L. Green

Managing Editor The Editor's Page Marba C. Joseph son

The Sacrament.....—President David O. McKay 621 Associate Managing Editor

Elizabeth J. Moffitt

Church Features Production Editor

Your Question: The Gift of Tongues President Joseph Fielding Smith 622 Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

If Any of You Will Do His Will - President David O. McKay 624 Research Editor

MIA Prepares the Missionary...President Stephen L Richards 626

The Spirit of Cooperation - Spencer W. Kimball 632 Eileen Gibbons

The Mormon Contribution to Contemporary Religion G. Homer Durham 636 Manuscript Editor

Through the Eyes of Youth: The Spirit that Drives Forrest Umberger 647

The Transfiguration, MIA Reading Course: Jesus the Christ—XV Archibald F. Bennett Doyle L. Green 648

G. Durham Homer 672 activation 614 Church Moves On The

S. Harris, Jr. Franklin 674 Presiding Bishopric's Page Priesthood ReThe Priesthood, Melchizedek

Milton E. Hunter

Special Features Hugh Nibley Thoughts for Your Inspirational Talk: Temple Work 616 Claude B. Petersen

A Challenge to Parents: Spiritual Needs of Adolescents Antone K. Romney 628 Sidney B. S perry

The Part that Hangs Over Clyde D. Sandgren 634 Contributing Editors

Leadership Development: The Executive Sterling W. Sdl 638

643 Ashton - Wendell 19161957 Williams Ralph Hardy—CURTIS ELBERT R. Allred 644 J.T. Gordon to Stand and Wait""Never Manager General 653 Gibbons Eileen Sheffield—Miss Charlotte USA -

Gift of Speech - Frances Minden Boggus 663 BERTHA S. REEDER

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L. Evans 664, 666, 684 Associate Manager

Shift in Russia, G. Policy Times, These the Universe, Franklin S. HarExploring

'.. Verl F. Scott 610 Durham 609 Homer ris, Jr Business Manager 688 Last Word The

Today's Family A. Glen Snarr

a Barn to Play In,"Nell Wo- "And a Minute More or Less? Julia What's 679 Subscription Director Evans mack 676 W. Wolfe

Honey Treats 680 Thayer Evans Regional Advertising Stories, Poetry Representative

To Be a King Hugh J. Cannon 630

640 offices Stewart Pate business Ora editorial and Parts) of (First Noise Big Two The

Street Main 50 North Schroder Marian Warning, Summer EdPresident McKay, Frontispiece, To St. Main 50 Offices, North YMMIA 662 Crothers 619 Hart ward St. 40 Offices, Main North YWMIA Vesta of Sleepers, Kong, Street Hong 620 16, Utah City Salt Page Lake Poetry 663 Nickerson

E. Harland to Triumph, Tears From Representative: 665 Advertising Shafer of Elizabeth National Earth, Kings

642 Fitch 671 Elaine V. Playhouse, Emans The CO. & MILLSAP TOWNSEND,

Wealth, Nation's the St. E. 110 Sutter Pockets Held Catherine Teacher, His First His To

California Francisco, San 660 678 Beulah Huey M. Berry

TOWNSEND, MILLSAP & CO.

Place Park Lafayette of the 672 Associations Improvement Mutual the by published Inc., Funds, and Mutual 1957 by Copyright California 57, Angeles year, a price, Los $2.50 Subscription reserved. rights All Saints. Latterday of Christ Jesus of Church

; single copy. in 25c; advance a year, $3.00 subscriptions, foreign advance in ASSOCIATES SANGSTON AND at SADLER for mailing Acceptance matter. secondclass City, as Ave. Utah Office, Salt 342 Lake Madison Post the at Entered

1918. authorized 2, July 1917, of October 1103. Act 17, section in Y. for N. York provided postage rate of New special

contributions. welcomes but manuscripts, unsolicited for responsible not Era Improvement The & DAVIS SONS suffiby be accompanied must rate word and at of the IMiC a acceptance foris paid on are Manuscripts St. LaSalle 30 N.

return. delivery for and postage cient Illinois Chicago,

address include please change, a ordering address. of for When change required notice days'Thirty

old address unless the Circulations of be cannot made changes Bureau Address magazine. the issue of as Member, Audit a recent slip from

well as the new one is included.

bI-. ""S- (X breakfast bricjU'mrfrmClkXtijCnockerL.

. - v; -:-;;-vUH JHfc!3r

[ 1 \

W ermnk And the> flavor ifigG*.* g0ldenS *

PANCAKE f Genera'Genet \ AND WAFFLE IWIA ettqOcken- ((;i G0W Medal Flour

***'** T/ie fan*.* r*!!

A MUST WHILE IN... The Church moves On

SALT LAKE CITY to Day Chronology of Church Events VISIT and ENJOY A Day

Owen J. Cook, Concord, California; and

June 1957 Elder Ermel J. Morton, Rexburg, Idaho.

WJv Elder Mark E. Petersen of the H&ja I iW'Council of the Twelve dedicated v Elder EIRay L. Christiansen, As-

)r the chapel at Missoula, Montana. afj sisiant to the Council of the

Missoula (Montana) Stake organized jr Twelve, dedicated the chapel of from portions of the West Central States the McKinley and Arbor wards. The

Mission with Elder Grant K. Patten building will also be used as a stake

sustained as president and Elders Gerald center for Temple View (Salt Lake City)

Neal and Dale Maughan sustained as Stake.

in this counselors. his new Wards

Elder Glen P. Umberger was sustained Second, Missoula are Missoula, stake

of Stake, president as succeedSalt Lake

St. Ignatius, Stevensville, Hamilton,

ing has Lincoln President F. Hanks who CorvalAllendale, and Charlo, Poison,

in to preside called the been Gulf lis. are Darby, Thompson Branches FAMOUS

States Mission. President Umberger's Superior. membership Falls, The and UNUSUAL

are counselors Elders William M.

is Spencer Elders 3085. stake of the MAIL OUR EXQUISITE WE

RetirWallace and A. Wood. Thomas of Petersen E. Mark and Kimball CANDIES EVERYWHERE W. served ing counselors with had who effected the of the Twelve Council the

J. "(hwihkjcL&u JimiikL changes that brought this, the 243rd President Hanks were Elders Edwin Cowley and Harold W. Langton. stake in the Church, into being.

Qcsl QteawL Si&&-'Great Falls (Montana) Stake organElder LeGrand Dowdle sustained as ized from portions of the West Central second counselor in the stake presidency

Stake, of (Salt City) Lake Temple View Victor Bowen Mission with Elder States StfJqtoVe,m 9c6&ecm S. Elder succeeding Monson. Thomas Elders Arden as president and sustained

850 East 21st South S. Payne and Ralph J. Western sus-

—Salt Lake City, Utah—tained as his counselors. This new stake

consists of Great Falls, Great Falls Sec- W Brigham Young University beond, Sun River Valley, and Shelby Ji gan its thirtyfourth annual wards; Bynum, Fairfield, Cut Bank, Fort 1 leadership week. Instruction this

Benton, Golden Ridge, Conrad, and year provided a family centered program

Save By Mail Browningship is 2524.branches.Elder TheDelbertstakeL.memberStapley ofthatdevelopmentwill help allbecomefamiliesequippedat any tostageenof the Council of the Twelve and Elder rich family living and produce real

of happiness. to the Assistant Council Sonne, Alma

this stake of in charge were the Twelve,Earn... /

organization. There are now 244 stakes

five j>v thousand Approximately in the Church. With Safe! functioning creeds of all Salt Lake citizens IMj conference of the June The annual

Mutual Improvement Associations eonyr participated in the eightysecond

SWc eluded with a general session and a annual Old Folk's Day in Liberty Park, ll,, N..J-1-.S-if, speech presentation in the Tabernacle sponsored by the Church.

on Temple Square.

jfv It was announced that the folfor your Earn more [ ELBERT dedilowing had been chapels of plff D. Hanks President Marion

full R. raw a fields of in the mission )/r catedmoney... of the Seventy the First Council IKr

4% with complete CURTIS jr dedicated the chapel of the Eau the United States: Louisville, TomkinKentucky; Green, by Bowling and safety at this (Wisconsin) Branch, Northern ville, state President Claire

of the Council Elder S. Bennion Adam States Mission. supergovernment Bangor, Portland of the Twelve. and

vised institution. Maine; and Foxborough and Georgeaccount an Open R. President Antoine Mass., by ROBERT town, by First Presidency announced The v of First Seventy. Ivins of the the Council little in V. as mailing Pacific of a Board formation new tmr'the suburb Minneapolis and Winona as Earnnow. $1 will of HODGEN adminEducation which JP PresiValley, Minnesota, by of Golden of in the ister school system the Church semiings computed Executive First of the R. dent Bruce McConkie of direction Pacific the under the South VicePres. annually. the of Seventy. This Golden Council B. First Elder Presidency. the W.

of as the serves chapel chapel Valley of the Church chairman Mendenhall, building committee, is chairman of this the Minneapolis Second Branch.

board. He will be assisted by Elder It was announced that Elder Herald

Edward L. Clissold, president of the L. Carlston had been named to membership on the general board of the SunStake; Elder D'Monte (Hawaii) Oahu ASSN. LOAN SAVINGS AND day School. Elder Fork, Utah; LAKE SALT American DRIVE Coombs,2186 HIGHLAND CITY, UTAH W.

614 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 'ANEfy Seventh Volume by

Richard L. Evans

THE EVERLASTING THINGS

"A great chord of common thoughts on God and * ** -"''.rvusry wordslove and"LifetheMagazine"everlastingusesthings."to describeThesethearebroadthe

casts on which Richard L. Evans has given the

"Spoken Word"the past twentyeight years with the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir and Organ and 7n r- their worldfamous CBS series.

From these impressive presentations, Mr. Evans

has selected the finest "sermonettes"or essays, and Harper & Brothers, publishers, are now making them available in this seventh volume of a dis- 1 tinguished series. Each of the preceding six

volumes has been an unqualified critical and sales to success of the record each has added—in fact,::::;;.c its predecessor. to top present promises book The

them all.

Here are just a few of the timely, provocative subjects discussed in this latest volume:

Other Books By Richard L. Evans MARRIAGE, FAMILY, AND THE HOME

YOUTH LOOKS TO THE FUTURE PRIDE AND POPULARITY MOW MAKING DECISIONS GETTING ALONG WITH PEOPLE FROM SPECIALTHE LOSSDAYSOF LOVEDAND SEASONSONES

THE ON UNDERSTANDING PARENTS - AND CHILDREN

CROSS READY SEPTEMBER 18 $3.00 Postpaid

1?JCWi:'E,m,

'lllllll, MIIIIIIIK $2.75 $2.50 $2.50 DeserettsSooh Co.

. 44 East South Temple -- Salt Lake City Utah., - J

Gentlemen: Enclosed you will find check money order for the following:

No. Copies Title No. Copies Title

.... The Everlasting Things.... And the Spoken Word

.... From the Crossroads.... This Day and Always

.... Tonic for Our Times.... Unto the Hills

.... At This Same Hour

W52| Name Address:

City $2.50 $2.50 $2.50 Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

SEPTEMBER 1957 615 Thoughts for pr inspirational talk

Temple Work

Nearly everyone in the Church is called upon occasionally to give an inspirational talk—in

Sacrament meetings, leadership meetings, firesides, or funerals, at MIA, at seminary, at Sunday School.

Finding suitable ideas and helpful quotations is sometimes a problem. Through this new department,

which will be a regular feature of the Era, ideas, suggestions, and gems for your speech will be given.

We hope they will prove useful to you. The Editors.

pTHhe Saints have not too much time to save and redeem W7e should avail ourselves of those sacred and potent their dead, and gather together their living relatives, T ordinances of the gospel which have been revealed that they may be saved also.... If the whole Church as essential to the happiness, salvation, and redemption

should go to with all their might to save their dead, seal of those who have lived in this world when they could learn the the gospel knowlwithout have died andtheir posterity, friends, their living and gather spend not and of it, children, us, their for 7 waiting edge and are now of in behalf of their time the world,none they would who are living in an age when these ordinances can be hardly get through before night would come, when no performed, to do the work necessary for their release man can work.... from the

Smith, the Prophet prisonhouse.—President Joseph F. Smith—Joseph Gospel Doctrine, pages 469470.

Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, pages 330331. TVTo men and women would spend their money by the

* "millions of dollars for the erection of temples, and spend their time, year after year, laboring for the salva- /\ur fathers cannot be made perfect without us; we tion of their dead, if they did not have the witness of the

cannot be made perfect without them. They have Holy Spirit that in very deed the promise has been fuldone their work and now sleep. We are now called filled that was made to the boy Joseph Smith... that

upon to do ours; which is to be the greatest work man Elijah should come and restore these keys.

ever performed on the earth. Millions of our fellow—President Heber J. Grant

creatures who have lived upon the earth and died without Gospel Standards, page 34.

a knowledge of the gospel must be officiated for in order that they may inherit eternal life (that is, all that would Each temple [of the Church] has been built to one have received the gospel). great eternal purpose; to serve as a House of the Lord,

—President Brisjham Young toof provideholy ordinancesa place sacredthat andbind suitableon earthfor astheinperformingheaven—

Discourses of Brigham Young, ordinances for the dead and for the living that assure page 406. those who receive them and who are faithful to their

covenants, the possession and association of their families, worlds without end, and exaltation with them in the

W/E have a great work before us in the redemption of celestial kingdom of our Father.

George Albert Smith ** our dead. The course that we are pursuing is being—President The Improvement Era, vol. 48,watched with interest by all heaven. There are...

[those] in the spirit world who are being preached to by page 561.

Joseph Smith, and the apostles and elders, his associates /\ne of the distinguishing features of the Church of who have passed away. Those persons may receive Jesus Christ, restored in our day and dispensation

their testimony, but they cannot be baptized in the spirit in its fulness, is the eternal nature of its ordinances and world, for somebody on the earth must perform this ceremonies. In the temple some of those most sacred

ordinance for them in the flesh before they can receive ordinances and ceremonies are performed.... Those

part in the first resurrection, and be worthy of eternal who are married in the temple are married for time and life. all eternity and sealed by the authority of the Holy

—President Wilford Woodruff Priesthoodeternities. so that the family will continue in the

Discourses of Wilford Woodruff,—President David O. McKav

page 148. Ibid., vol. 58, pages 793794.

616 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Build your Church Library this Economical Way!

BEGIN YOUR MEMBERSHIP WITH ANY ONE OF

THESE THREE BEST SELLERS:

Doctrines of Salvation, Vol. 1—11—111

Sermons and Writings of Joseph Fielding Smith

Compiled by Bruce R. McConkie

This popular series contains a wealth of heretofore unpublished information on vital gospel doctrines... written with rare

spiritual insight in an easyto-understand language.

VOLUME I Is God progressing? What was the nature of our preexistent

life? What is the real story of the creation? What about

evolution? These and many other debated subjects answered

authoritatively.

VOLUME II Clear cut answers on celestial marriage, the degrees of glory, salvation for the dead, temples, the resurrection, etc.

VOLUME III Explains the events and signs which will precede the second coming of the Savior, prophecies concerning this glorious day, conditions during the millennium, and many other little understood principles.

i,:'$3.25 each

i iii

HOW THE CLUB PLAN WORKS

WHAT BEING A fc WILL MEANMEMBER return for alternate of provided the post BY an card JOIN 1. YOU ORDERING ONE OR MORE

, YOU!TO all). (or of or at of choice Doctrines these Salvation of the volumes none

will help you Club BooksThe LDS

Fill alternates described to four out below. the build one economically and clubmethodically 3. four After book purchased you have

libraries church possible finestof the or mail with along your check coupon, and selections, FREE SELECT YOU BONUS will YOUR find, MAY family. You yourfor and you

and of satisfied hundredsas have order. Your selection(s) will be mailed enmoney a long list of choice Church books from BOOK the world, throughoutthusiastic members

promptly. increase will club selections will provided.that book be which

your knowledge of the gospel and strengthen your testimony. 2. REVIEWS OF SEVERAL BOOKS, carefully se- 4. ORDER AS FEW AS 4 BOOKS A YEAR to keep

ADDITIONAL BENEFITS: lected, will be mailed to you each month, with your membership active, but you may order one

SAVINGS bookof-themonth. as the one named

of about receive the top 20% through a free bonus to plan. book you do nothing—If youit wishwill or5. moreOTHERbooksCHURCHeach monthBOOKS if AREyou AVAILABLEdesire. to bock

CONVENIENCE be sent to you in the mail, postpaid, along with club members through the club. Nonbook-club

of having books delivered to your a statement. If you do not want the book, you selections, however, will not carry bonus credit.

door postpaid.

METHODICAL way of adding to your library.

BEST NEW LDS BOOKS

| FILL THIS MAIL NOW! COUPON OUT AND press. the as they from come

Salt City 15, Lake j Utah Utopia East 161 Avenue, CLUB, LDS BOOKS CLASSICS LDSOLDER

) Gentlemen: Christ.""Jesus The as such

| of enroll the LDS CLUB as a Please and send me the selections member BOOKS me CHILDREN FORBOOKS indicated below.

to fill a need in growing families. I

CAREFUL SELECTION NAME of ALL books recommended. ADDRESS

CITY and STATE I\ Amount of check or money order enclosed $ (Utah residents add 2% sales tax). I

Please send DOCTRINES OF SALVATION, \J Vol. I Vol. II Q Vol. Ill $3.25 ea. ij

- ALTERNATES Jesus The Christ, Discourses of the Prophet Joseph Smith, i by Dr. James E. Talmage $3.00 compiled by Alma P. Burton... $3.00

A study of the Messiah and his mission. Here, in the Prophet's own words, are his

MIA reading course book for two years. thoughts and feelings about the principles

Doctrine and Covenants Commentary, revealed to him. Delightful reading.

$3.00 Story Fielding others To Tell Smith Joseph by and

for use stories choice collection of useful 140 revised of edition guide a most $4.00 D AA A

School well in this as as in scripin Sunday of important the home studying book

LDStures. Completely indexed.Booksand Primary classes.Club

SEPTEMBER 1957 617 How Standard helps your tax dollars buy 3 miles of superhighway for the cost of 2

IPS.

Asphalt can save billions of dollars on the 11,000 miles of superhighways the

U.S. will build in the next 15 years

Heavy Duty Asphalt Costs 20% to 50% Less Than

Other Pavements. This means extra miles of superhighways

for your tax dollars... smoother, more enjoyable miles, too.

Safe, skidresistant asphalt cuts down headlight and sunlight glare, makes lane markers easy to see.

To help bring you more miles of superroads faster and at lowest cost, Standard* operates nine asphalt refineries across over 50,000 miles of new and the nation. Our scientists work with highway engineers on improved highways by 1970

improved construction methods and the kind of lowcost maintenance that can make asphalt highways even better 'Through Standard's wholly owned subsidiary, and stronger after many years of service. American Bitumuls and Asphalt Company

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better 618 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 610.hat have we seen beyond our sunset fires

That lights the way again by which we came?

—Edwin Arlington Robinson

The quick eye and firm warmth of face

Under the white cloud of octogenarian hair

Restate the history of modern Saints;

Their patience and endurance live in the set of the mouth.

And their search for eternal goodness, in the eye

That looks at man and sees through his timeless deeds.

Beyond the benign smile, the weathered memory

Lies hidden in shadows under the serene summit;

And resting there, covered by shallow layers

Of shifting times, are reminders of the price

Of today, paid with the bones of a martyred prophet,

The footsore, dustchoked weariness of a handcart company

Trudging the great plains, and the last, lost cry

Of a baby buried on a buffalo trail by a London

Piano maker. There also are the painted faces of the Carthage

Greys and the cry, "Oh Lord, my God,"filling

The wilderness and watering it with the blood of a pierced heart.

Now from those drops a million fountains flow

In deserts of old woe, And shoulders upon which the mantle fell

Carry their burden well.

For all the ripened wisdom of his years

Gives purpose to the past and culmination:

A fulfilment for the martyrs of Haun's Mill and a completion

Of the journey for the dead left at Florence, sharing

Now in the tribute of the world's great. A wheelwright

From Stockholm, buried at sea, shakes hands

By proxy with the king of Greece, and in Switzerland TO A trowel to build a temple is bought with the tithing

Of a widow who died in childbirth the first night

After crossing the Mississippi on ice from Nauvoo. PRESIDENT Saints of today reap harvests planted in sorrow,

But planted in belief that time brings reapers.

For why did the martyrs die, but that faith McKAY Might live and find a haven at the end of time?

And where find happier promises than in the face

Of presiding calm and hope that calls the Church (Who will be 84 years Together and to the world defines the word Mormon?

of age September 8, 1957) The broken wagons scattered on the sod

On the trail Saints trod by Edward Hart Still mark the path that our loved leader sees

Toward God's eternities.

SEPTEMBER 1957 619 FARM WIFE

By Maude Rubin

i mber of applejelly jewels her shelf

And currants'ruby glow sets day afire...

She works with love—no pampering thought

of self As hands mold springing loaves that rise the higher For autumn's humid heat. Their browning

crust Sends fragrance through the noonday's brassy air To mingle with the smell of clovermust

And call her man to dinner. In his prayer

bread"—the fruit of deepPERTINENT TO PARENTS AUTUMN MAKEUP "Oh,plowredbless thisloam

By Ethel Romig Fuller By Alice R. Rich She home!hears his prayer of thanks for love and

and daffodils and iris t ilacs *-* landscapes with magic spring BrightenA boyLet disciplinaryis malleable hammersas gold. mold

The raw bright metal lovingly frills; ASTERS

To the shape of integrity. These pale with Indian Summer haze

Firm inexperience that is youth's Then crimson with makeup in autumn By Ethel Jacobson

With alloys of proven truths. days.

Burnish, burnish till rough mien A methyst and azure, lasting a with Is polished he'll understand trust one day sheen, SCHOLARS AstersIndigoin theandgardenrose, And

The whyfor of a heavy hand. Stage colorful tableaux.

By Marie Daerr Jeweltones as rainbows,

Rustly as brocade, soft mine, bird in small, a hand constellations Floral Your is the door school. to Here SHARED AUTUMN walk vividly arrayed. Stand We

That soon will close between us two.

By Helm Mitchel This is the day long waited for. Crisp as scissored moonlight.

Flawless as a gem, f|NE lilting day she picked for me I hold your fingers fast and smile—Gleaming blossoms twinkle

These bits of autumn's witchery. And wonder why my eyelids smart. From every slender stem.

cannot glad I am you see Lilac magenta, and start How colors leaves, whose maple These of flutter silverwhite, my heart. The foolish and Pink

heart. beating in my Bright rhythms in garden Winking my

I touch each leaf and think of her, First day For you! New worlds will soon Are all the stars of night!

burn. will to lamps own. yours New Be little forager, winsome My

... is free bird hand. your The I loose

gold, copper, and wine Seeking

I learn! I, lessons must too, have

In winging leaf and penciled line, ZION CANYON

To share with me an autumn day

Two thousand long, long miles away. By Beulah Huish Sadleir

The most of sunrise does not startle

These mammoth walls, holding their

AUTUMN TWILIGHT In theplacesvulcan path of the day's orbit:

mind! surprise the human By Jean Mergard They

for man? too immense Is nature

amiss with twilight; have you Something's

I look upon each rainwashed, sensed rock—sensing strangeness that pervades this dusky Winderoded The mighty hand. The Infinite Sculptor's hour?

dogs fireflies'vanished; have gleams The climbs! the morning Slowly fenced; stay

reverent a hush Amid flower. to free at last are weeds Forsaken of face tint the Shadows array bicycled in lined are walks No Throne; Great White The still the skates. roller with How Or strewn ground. this hallowed could be Perhaps swings!

No wickets bridge leafed lawns now for croquet; sings. transit, in a whippoorwill, Only those in ONLY THE TUMBLEWEEDS treed, are rustling, and Dry leaves

books, By Elsie McKinnon Strachan

Since travelers returned from outer space—Photo by Frank J. Millet

To study oldnew pages. Playtime nooks IJushed and forgotten

Stand empty, save where spiders spin new This town lies deserted, lace. sleeps little church HEART'S WAY The longer strolls down that love no now And hill; of the crest the On

lanes, spun webs has Mildred Hoskinson Time By our windowpanes. past hastens twilight Brief bare for windows, Of lace

HPhe little road is farmto-market now, Sunshine has varnished "but lacks the charm of one far yesterday Each timeweathered sill.

WITHOUT A WINNER when,the fringedbrow with grass, it straggled up Only the tumbleweeds silence, the to way Tenant after hill, make a pleasant By Iris W. Schow hill gaily... Gathering with bouquet heartcatching for travelers

festival. small Little pioneer A flowers. native P'ossip is a betraying game; of tumbleweeds, the Only might essay magic superroads, of what

It makes all who play untrue; to vanquish now? What other engineer Graceful and errant,

For those who laugh at you with me than memory can rebuild the road that was Play tag where the streets lie

Will laugh at me with you. so dear? Sabbathtime still.

620 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ': '..,......,,;,.,..,.....,.....-s...:::::::::-.:;-,....

fc />)/ President David O. McKay

THE SACRAMENT

Each week members of the Church attending Sacrawe will do our best to achieve these high standards of ment meeting or Sunday School are blessed by the Christianity, true Christian principles.

partaking of the Sacrament. No more sacred ordiThe third: We promise to "... keep his commandnance has been given to us by the Lord than the ments which he has given..."—tithing, fast offerings,

administration of the Sacrament. This is one of the the Word of Wisdom, kindness, forgiveness, love. The

prayers given to us word for word. Young men who are obligation of a member of the Church of Jesus Christ is

given the priesthood are asked to give the congregation great, but it is as glorious as it is great, because obedience the opportunity to make that covenant. to these principles gives life, eternal life.

Say over in your mind briefly just what that covenant When we partake of the Sacrament we give our word is. Those two brethren who are representing the congreof honor to do certain things which are contributive to

gation appeal to the Lord in the name of the Redeemer, our spiritual growth and happiness if kept but which and ask him to bless and sanctify the bread and the water weaken our characters if we do not keep them. A keener

"to the souls of all those who partake of it."That is a sense of the promise, the covenant, we make will add

sacred approach. "That they may do it in remembrance much to the spirituality of the membership of the Church,

of the body (or blood) of thy Son, and witness unto and will entitle us to the guidance of the Holy Spirit.

thee, O God, the Eternal Father, that they are willing Indeed that is a principal end of our existence.

to take upon them the name of thy Son, and always To partake of the Sacrament unworthily is to take a remember him, and keep his commandments which he step toward spiritual death. No man can be dishonest

hath given them,"then the result, "that they may always within himself without deadening the susceptibility of have his Spirit to be with them."his spirit. Sin can stun the conscience as a blow on the

Do we always stop to think, on that sacred Sabbath head can stun the physical senses. He who promises one

day when we meet together to partake of the Sacrament, thing and deliberately fails to keep his word adds sin that we witness, promise, obligate ourselves, in the presto sin. The man who seeks to live by violating the prinence of one another, and in the presence of God, that ciples is deceived by the adversary and goes the way to

a man "eats andwe will do certain things? Note them. death.drinks condemnationOn natural toprincipleshis soul."such

The first: We are willing to take upon ourselves the This is part of life eternal, and true life consists in

of so the Son. In doing choosename him we to the as our obedience principles of the gospel. We promise

leader ideal; perfect is the our character and he one and principles. every Sabbath to keep those day

in all the world. And what is the blessing in partaking worthily?

The second: That we will always remember him. Not "... that they may always have his Spirit to be with

just on Sunday, but on Monday, in our daily acts, in our them."What a divine guidance! And I testify to you

selfcontrol. When our brother hurts us, we are going that divine inspiration is a reality. Men and women

to try to master our feelings and not retaliate in the same who obey the principles of life and salvation, sincerely spirit of anger. When a brother treats us with contempt, repent of their sins, and as sincerely strive to live in

we are going to try to return kindness. That's the Spirit accordance with the principles of the gospel, are guided

of the Christ, and that's what we have promised—that and inspired by the Holy Ghost.

SEPTEMBER 1957 621 by Joseph Fielding Smith

PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

The Gift of Tongues

always should retain in remember, always and your minds is article seventh "The of faith 1 gifts are, those that are given the church."as folwhat unto Question: in the lows: tongues, 'We believe gift of After revealing counsel, this warning the Lord enumerrevelation, visions,prophecy, healing, interpretation of

gifts ates the various are of given which to the members tongues, etc.'gifts have been All of these in the Church

gift the the Church, of tongues, them among and then since the organization, except the gift of tongues. In the he says:

early period of the Church the gift of tongues was prac- "And all these gifts come from God, for the benefit tised, but for many years we have heard nothing of this of the children of God."This being true, then the gift

gift. Has it ceased to be in the Church, and if so, why?"of speaking in and interpreting tongues in the meetings

by members of the Church should be on exceptional ocThere has been no cessation of the gift casions, when there is real need for such things. Paul

of tongues. Perhaps the idea of some has written as follows:

members of the Church is that this gift belongs to the "Follow after charity, and desire spiritual gifts, but testimony meetings of the fast day. It is true that mesrather that ye may prophesy.

sages have been given in such meetings, and when this "For he that speaketh in an unknown tongue speaketh was so it was evidently for the benefit of a portion of the not unto men, but unto God: for no man understandeth

congregation who may have had the gift of interpretation. him; howbeit in the spirit he speaketh mysteries.

"But he that prophesieth speaketh unto men to edificaManifestations of this character are, and should be, rare, for this is not the real purpose of this great gift. The tion, and exhortation, and comfort. "He that speaketh in an unknown tongue edifieth

gift of tongues is not something for the entertainment of himself; but he that prophesieth edifieth the church.

the members, nor is it for the purpose of creating awe or "I would that ye all spake with tongues, but rather to increase faith in those who are weak. The gift of that ye prophesied: for greater is he that prophesieth

tongues and the interpretation of tongues are given for than he that speaketh with tongues, except he interpret, the purpose of helping to build up and strengthen the that the church may receive edifying.

kingdom of God. "Now, brethren, if I come unto you speaking with

The Lord gave the Church important counsel when tongues, what shall I profit you, except I shall speak to he said: you either by revelation, or by knowledge, or by prophesy-

"But ye are commanded in all things to ask of God, ing, or by doctrine?

who giveth liberally; and that which the Spirit testifies "And even things without life giving sound, whether

unto you even so I would that ye should do in all holiness pipe or harp, except they give a distinction in the sounds, of heart, walking uprightly before me, considering the how shall it be known what is piped or harped?

end of your salvation, doing all things with prayer and "For if the trumpet give an uncertain sound, who shall thanksgiving, that ye may not be seduced by evil spirits, prepare himself to the battle?

or doctrines of devils, or the commandments of men; for "So likewise ye, except ye utter by the tongue words

it be known what issome are of men, and others of devils. easy to be understood, how shall

spoken? for ye shall speak into the air.

"Wherefore, beware lest ye are deceived; and that ye "There are, it may be, so many kinds of voices in themay not be deceived seek ye earnestly the best gifts, world, and none of them is without signification.

always remembering for what they are given; "Therefore if I know not the meaning of the voice, I

"For verily I say unto you, they are given for the shall be unto him that speaketh a barbarian, and he benefit of those who love me and keep all my commandthat speaketh shall be a barbarian unto me....

ments, and him that seeketh so to do; that all may be "Yet in the church I had rather speak five words with

benefited that seek or that ask of me, that ask and not my understanding, that by my voice I might teach others for a sign that they may consume it upon their lusts. also, than ten thousand words in an unknown tongue.

"And again, verily I say unto you, I would that ye XD & C 46:7-10.

622 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NOTE Response to Your Question is so great that it is possible to answer on these pages but a small percentage of the questions submitted. In some cases it may

seem advisable to answer questions by mail. This can be done, of course, only

if you include your name and address when you write.—J. F. S.

"Brethren, be not children in understanding: howbeit "I believe in the gift of the Holy Spirit unto men, but

in malice be ye children, but in understanding be men. I do not want the gift of tongues except when I need it.

"In the law it is written, With men of other tongues I needed the gift of tongues once, and the Lord gave it and other lips will I speak unto this people; and yet for to me. I was in a foreign land, sent to preach the gospel

all that will they not hear me, saith the Lord. to a people whose language I could not understand. Then

"Wherefore tongues are for a sign, not to them that I sought earnestly for the gift of tongues, and by the believe, but to them that believe not; but prophesying gift and by study, in a hundred days after landing upon

those islands I could talk to the people in their language serveth not for them that believe not, but for them which as I talk native now to you tongue. This was in my 2 believe."

gift the that of the gospel. worthy was a There was

The true gift of tongues is made manifest in the Church purpose in it. There was something in it to strengthen

more abundantly, perhaps, than any other spiritual gift. my faith, to encourage me and to help me in my

Every missionary who goes forth to teach the gospel in ministry."5

a foreign language, if he is prayerful and faithful, reTwo other examples out of the many showing that the ceives this gift. This is the idea in Paul's remarks, gift is given to us today may suffice. First, the experience

"Wherefore tongues/ are for a sign, not to them that of President David O. McKay:

believe, but to them that believe not."This was the

events important of the most "One tour world on my nature of the gift on the day of Pentecost when Peter of the missions gift of the of the interpretachurch was to apostles spoke the assembled hadand the who Jews tion of the English given in tongue to the Saints New feast. foreign the lands to attend from to Jerusalemcome

at Zealand, of their a session conference, held on

Each understood in his own tongue. There are hundreds 23rd day of April 1921, at Puketapu, Huntley, Waikato.the

of testimonies by elders who have carried the gospel to "The service was held in a large tent, beneath theforeign lands, similar to the day of Pentecost.

shade of which hundreds of earnest men and women

The Prophet Joseph Smith has stated the true meaning gathered, in anxious anticipation of seeing and hearing of the gift of tongues in the following words:

an apostle of the church, the first one to visit the land.

"I read the 13th chapter of First Corinthians, also a "When I looked over that vast assemblage and conpart of the 14th chapter, and remarked that the gift of templated the great expectations that filled the hearts tongues was necessary in the Church; but that if Satan of all who had met together, I realized how inadequately

could not speak in tongues, he could not tempt a Dutch- I might satisfy the ardent desires of their souls, and I man, or any other nation, but the English, for he can yearned, most earnestly, for the gift of tongues that I tempt the Englishman, for he has tempted me, and I am might be able to speak to them in their native language.

an Englishman; but the gift of tongues by the power of

"Until that moment I had not given much seriousthe Holy Ghost in the Church, is for the benefit of the thought to the gift of tongues, but on that occasion, I to as unbelievers,servants to preach on the day of God wished with all my heart, that I might be worthy of that shallof nation Pentecost. from every devout men When divine power.

assemble to hear the things of God, let the Elders preach to them in their own mother tongue, whether it is Ger- "In other missions I had spoken through an interpreter man, French, Spanish or Irish, or any other, and let but, able as all interpreters were, I nevertheless felt those interpret who understand the language spoken, in hampered, in fact, somewhat inhibited, in presenting my their own mother tongue, and this is what the Apostle message.

meant in First Corinthians 14:27."3 He also said to the "Now, I faced an audience that had assembled with

sisters of the Relief Society that nothing spoken in tongues unusual expectations, and I then realized, as never before, office. From the depths ofshould be received as doctrine. 4 the great responsibility of my

my soul, I prayed for Divine assistance.

President Joseph F. Smith has said:

I arose address, to I said Brother "When to give my "The devil himself can appear like an angel of light. Stuart our interpreter, that Meha, without speak I would

False prophets and false teachers have arisen in the his translating, sentence by sentence, what I said, and world. There is perhaps no gift of the Spirit of God then, to the audience I continued:

gift of easily devil imitated the tongues. the than bymore "I I 'I wish, the wish to to oh power had speak you

gift exercise or the the by twoWhere men women

I tell is in tongue, that your in might own you what my

Spiritinspiration of of are there the a perhaps dozen God, gift, I heart; since I pray, but not the I have ask and you

it of devil. Bless inspiration the the do your bywho to pray, that spirit the of interpretation, might you have

souls, apostates speak in tongues, apostates prophesy, of discernment, that you may understand at least the toapostates claim have marvelous manifestations and spirit while speaking, then, will get the and I am you... is that to us?what words thought interprets.'and the Brother when Meha

2I Cor. 14:1-11, 1922. {Continued on page 682)

p. 195, 3Teachings,

Hbid., p. 229. Gospel Doctrine, chapter 10, p. 201.

SEPTEMBER 1957 623 "IF ANY WILL

KiiiwSfSfSiiS Address given by President David O. McKay, general session, MIA conference, Sunday, June 16, 1957, 1:30 p.m.

Accepting Superintendent Curtis's God bless you for that demonstration! and found himself eating husks with

invitation means trespassing upon This morning President Bertha S. the hogs.

your time, but I respond most Reeder and Superintendent Elbert R. Christ, our leader, has told us what

cheerfully. I have much in my heart Curtis, in their brief remarks to the our mission is. MIA, commendation

I should like to say by way of comconvention assembled, pointed out for what you are doing in enlisting mendation, appreciation, and wonthree things which have been emphaall members of the Church! Every

derment. Last evening in this historic sized during your convention: first, young girl in our Church is enlisted

building there was a great demonstrathe need of leadership; second, one in your rolls. Congratulations, Young

tion. Two thousand young people hundred percent enlistment; third, Women's general board! I know you

under the able leadership of those purpose of the MIA organization. May are not reaching all of them, but you

who have guided them during the I just offer a heart petal to you? are trying.

last year gathered for a music festival, Keep in mind always that our And the Young Men—all enlisted!

and rendered an inspirational proleader is Jesus Christ, our Lord. If We had a good demonstration this

gram. I wish all members of the we can hold fast to that thought, and afternoon about the attitude of some

Church, and I wish it had been posrely upon him as he has asked us to boys and girls, and how ably you ansible for all honest people throughout rely upon him, go to him in trouble, swered them. Hunt them up and

the United States, to have listened whether in school, in courtship, or bring them in, and they will rememto that demonstration. In itself it was in the home, we shall be successful. ber you not only through life, but also

exceptional. It showed great leaderWhat has he said about enrolment, throughout eternity. "And if it so

ship on the part of those who conseeking those who are lost? Go to be that you should labor all your days

ducted, responsiveness on the part of Luke and read his parables, the one in crying repentance unto this people, the young people to the best in music. on the Lost Sheep, where he left the and bring, save it be one soul unto

But it was more than that. At the ninety and nine and went out for me, how great shall be your joy with

introduction Sister Longden asked the one that was lost, and how happy him in the kingdom of my Father!"

leaders from districts and from wards he was when he found that lost lamb. (D & C 18:15.) And you are not

to stand up. The response demonIn the same chapter read about the alone. What a powerful Church!

strated the fact that thousands of Lost Coin, where the woman lost the What an opportunity the Church others had been participating in those coin, probably through carelessness. gives in this seeking out of others,

songs. Neighbors helped her find it, and with the Sundav Schools doing the

The same was true in drama, in there was great rejoicing. And then same, the Primary with the young;

recreation. So last evening, and the reread that immortal parable, the and the quorums of priesthood, the

evening before, we at least glimpsed Prodigal Son, with all that it implies, duty of the leaders of which is to sit the extent and the impressiveness of particularly how the boy threw away in counsel with the members and to the great Mutual Improvement cause. his fortune, spent it in riotous living, teach them their duty.

624 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the Lord thy God with all thy heart, ance; and to temperance patience; and

and with all thy soul, and with all to patience godlines; And to godliness

thy strength, and with all thy mind: brotherly kindness; and to brotherly

and thy neighbour as thyself."And kindness charity. For if these things

the Savior said, "Thou hast answered be in you, and abound, they make right: this do, and thou shalt live."you that ye shall neither be barren

(Luke 10:2528.) nor unfruitful in the knowledge of

On another occasion the Savior told our Lord Jesus Christ,"(II Peter 1:5-

a group how they might know. He 8) to know whom and his Father is

said, "My doctrine is not mine, but eternal life.

his that sent me."Youth of the land, Every one of us may know that

listen to this, if you would know God truth and live eternally. And do not

and Jesus Christ whom he sent, "My worry whether you are singing in this doctrine is not mine, but his that sent great musical festival, whether you are me. If any man will do his will, he participating in what is given you in

shall know of the doctrine, whether it drama and literature, whether your be of God, or whether I speak of activity is in recreation, boys, you

DO HIS Will"myself."your answer.(John But7:1617.)then arisesThere theis canSavioralwaysis leadingkeep inyou,mindand thatyou yourcan

question, What is his will? It is alalways ask, "In what I am doing toready answered by that lawyer who day, can I speak to him and ask his

said, "Thou shalt love the Lord thy aid?"

God with all thy heart, and with all A Rotarian expressed this, and I by President thy soul, and with all thy strength, have repeated it before in your presthy neighall thy mind; and ence, which illustrates what I have in

10:27.) (Luke But David O. McKay bourand withas thyself."mind:

it is more specifically answered by

Christ's chief apostle on the day of "Who does his task from day to day

Pentecost, when 3,000 people were And meets whatever comes his way, pricked in their hearts, and they cried Believing God has willed it so, out, "Men and brethren, what shall Has found real greatness here below.

we do?"What was the answer? Peter The Church is thoroughly organized. There is the stamp of divinity said, "Repent, and be baptized every "Who guards his post, no matter

in the means supplied for reaching one of you in the name of Jesus Christ where, out for the lost ones. So much for for the remission of sins, and ye shall Believing God must need him there,

leadership under the divine guidance recive the gift of the Holy Ghost. Although but lowly toil it be,

"For the promise is unto you, and Has risen to nobility.of our Lord and Savior.

What about the purpose? What to your children, and to all that are

does Christ say about that? afar off, even as many as the Lord "For great and low there's but one

our God shall call."(Acts 2:3739.) test:

life is this that eternal, they "And is is it specific a not? answer, That 'Tis his best. shall that each do man true God, the thee onlymight know sufficient to not perhaps help But all strength the with he works us. Who hast Christ, thou Jesusand whom Later, apostle, chief that speaksame can

eternal!sent."Life 17:3.) (John this ing repentance, baptism, about to Shall die debt never man."

is is presweeter? more WhatWhat to priesthood the them, had come how A. Guest* like girlscious? boys—Edgarin and who You they "partakers and become had how

science, try to find out read from and of specific divine nature,"the added

I repeat, that I wish, the whole is. lifescientific canwhat They men If virtues. to ever get that can you

realize in- a helpful could world what its effects. tell see you.not They is will point, that the you Jesus know Asfluence the Improvement Mutual all life it in see manifest aroundThey is this of Christ the and God. work

sociations are people our upon young it theus. see They of everywhere—in divine "Partakers nature."the

low, the the from them air.—leading Its in great the maniwoods and else: Peter something Then added vulgar, into the the mean, and up is of in thefestation children men this, all diligence, beside giving "And

spirituality, of to Christ leading realmoffspring of have an you faith virtue; deity—and virtue to your add to and

of Father. our a knowledge and With live forever. toopportunity to knowledge; temperknowledge And

all I bless say, heart the God my Muis to eternal Life and God know

Jesus Christ whom he has sent. tual Improvement Associations from

How may we know God? A lawyer the superintendency and presidency,

one day asked Jesus: "Master, what general boards, through the stake

shall I do to inherit eternal life?"And boards to the ward organizations.

the Savior, knowing why the lawyer Yours is a wonderful work! It is God's

had asked the question, wisely put work! Keep close to him and he will

him on the defensive by asking him guide you, and that he may I pray in the question. "What is written in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

: in the book Athe law? how readest thou?"The *From the poem "True NobiIity'

lawyer answered, "Thou shalt love HeapThe ReillyO'Livin'& LeebyCo.,EdgarChicago.A. Guest. Copyright 1916,

SEPTEMBER 1957 625—Photo by H. Armstrong Roberts—Photo by Hays from Monkmeyer

A means to an end—life eternal. Future missionary hearing his voice at MIA.

MIA PREPARES THE MISSIONARY

by President Stephen L Richards

OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

MYaBRETHRENdistinct privilegeAND MY toSISTERS,have ittheIS to Whenme yesterdayPresidentthat McKayI might indicatedbe called ispeople—6,000embraced innewthatmembersdistrict, of6,000the

opportunity of appearing at this to participate in this program, I asked Church of our Lord. It seemed to

great conference of Mutual Improvehim if he thought it would be apme a remarkable accomplishment, and ment workers, and I regard it as a propriate to mention here the great while I recognize that there are perprivilege also to extend to all of you missionary work of the Church. He haps more extended opportunities in

my sincere congratulations and comsaid that he thought it would, and so that area than in some others, yet mendation on the marvelous work my thinking for this occasion has there is still a great work which can you are carrying forward. I have regone in that direction. be accomplished in our home towns

marked before upon the significant First, I should like to report briefly in the communities where wc live.

name which has been assigned to that the missionary work of the Some have thought that in manyyou—Mutual Improvement. ImproveChurch for the first four months of places the point of saturation has been

ment is the law of life, and mutuality this year, which is the period for reached, that we have approached all is the true law of association, so that which we have completed returns, in of our nonMormon neighbors, and there is embraced within your very the foreign missions, is exceeding that that we have contacted them to such name some of the highest and noblest of last year. In the stake missions an extent that we cannot expect

objectives that one could ask for an it is not quite so good, measured in further results. I wish all of you might

organization, and I believe from all terms of converts to the Church. have had some of the reports that

the reports that have come to me However, some of the results achieved have come to us resulting from conthat you are achieving the lofty purare most gratifying. I had occasion tinued and repeated visits to those

poses that were held in mind for to tell those assembled in Los Angeles who at first have shown disinclination.

your great establishment. So I do last Sunday that in sixteen months I would like to urge among all those

commend the general, the stake, and there have been converted in the Los who are interested in stake missionary the local officers upon the excellent Angeles Temple District through the work that they do not give up, that work being done.

stake missions, and the two missions, they attempt to bring the blessed at the given *Address general session, MIA conferthe major portion of whose territory principles of the gospel to all of their 16, 1957.ence, Sunday, June

626 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA neighbors and seek ways of finding our Lord. It is to provide an opporthe refinement, and the true manan audience with them. tunity for all our Father's children to hood and womanhood of the Church,

Now, with reference to our foreign know the truth, to embrace it, and and I hope that you will be able to missions, we have a goodly number to identify themselves with his kingmake variations and deviations from of missionaries in the field, and I dom in preparation for their exaltathese true virtuous principles of life have said the results are good; but we tion in the hereafter, and that become unfavorable, unacceptable to

have many releases, many places to common purpose can be served by the youth. I know that the youth

fill. I am grateful to think that a every organization if it will but decan teach each other. I know that

missionary system has been evolved liberately and purposefully set itself they can have an influence oftentimes by which our mission presidents estabto the preparation of missionaries. which adults cannot exercise, and I

lish in the various missions new I think the Mutuals have a great would like to see our youth of your branches of the Church. Sometimes part to play in it. One of the things association charged with the obligathey are very weak from the standthat we need in our missionary systion of conserving those high ideals

point of the presence and membertem, aside from an inspired knowland lofty principles of character ship of members of the priesthood. edge of the truth, is personality—among all and to make it unpopular

Sometimes they are conducted wholpersonality of missionaries which shall to deviate from them.

ly by missionaries, but they furnish enable them better to approach the We need worthy representatives for the nuclei out of which future great people whom they meet. We need the Church, my brethren and sisters.

branches of the Church may eventu- I need not say a college education Help us to secure them. Help us to

ate. So,.we need replacements. We always—but we need people of refineprepare every young man and many

need hundreds and thousands of rement. We need people who have of our young women for the calls that

placements in the missionary service, sufficiently clear and sufficiently acwill come to them, so that when they and I wish.that you would be good ceptable language to give these great go from the headquarters of the

enough to put before the young peoprinciples of truth in clarity. We Church out into the various missions

ple of the Church the opportunity of need people whose manner and whose all over the world, they will go with preparing themselves for these redeportment stamp them as being conviction, with purpose, and with placements, to go out to help to carry representatives of a great cultural and the equipment which they need to be forward and extend the great work beautiful cause. worthy representatives of the high

which has been accomplished by our I do not believe, my brethren and and lofty cause with which we have missions. sisters, that the language of the street the honor to be identified.

I think you are all aware that we and the slang of today is good termiThen, I wish you would assure all have in latter years evolved a misnology for the presentation of the of them who may go that a satisfacsionary teaching plan which is calcusacred principles of truth. I do not tion awaits them in the performance

lated to give to the investigator a think that the common parlance of of honorable and good missions that comprehensive knowledge of the many people is good language of may be derived from no other source truths and principles of the restored prayer. I believe that we need to of which I am aware, the satisfacgospel, one which involves also the seek for proper expression of these tion of having been instrumental in

just principle great great principles ideals enunciated by lofty and the knowledge, which bringing truth—pure teaching with the Brother of all the things precious are the most Romney, define the scriptures knowlit—pure

knowledge, spirit and teaching with testimony. It that can come to men and to women, edge to them who seek

gives an opportunity for preparation and it grieves me to think that some and of bringing souls into the fold and an opportunity for carrying formay offer obstacles in the presentaof Christ. It is only by the accretion

ward a program in which all of our tion of this message by their very of our numbers from within and withmissionaries may participate. Many deportment, by their lack of underout that the kingdom grows, and as

of you have been through the mission standing and congeniality which we grow and use good influence we home. You know that as best we can makes them nonacceptable to those to can touch the world in larger measin that very short period of time we whom they go. ure. Surely it is a worthy objective

try to give the outgoing missionaries I do not think that dancing and to have the aim of enlarging this something of a concept of this prodrama are the ends and objectives of Church and kingdom in the earth, gram, how to carry it forward, how your organization, and I think you and one of the greatest means of acto teach the pure knowledge of the do not believe that they are. They complishing that is through good,

gospel and bring the truth into the are but means to an end. They are competent, effective missionary servlives of souls hungering for the truth. but the servants of culture and reice.

All of the organizations of the finement, not only of language and of The Lord bless you that you may Church can help in that program. I conduct, but also of soul, and you can

can think of no more worthy common use them advantageously in the help us in that endeavor, and help objective for every organization of the preparation of these great ambassaus so to stimulate our youth that they to the marvelous look forward Church—priesthood their of serving fellow opportunities auxiliary associations—thanquorumsto conand dorsthe gospelof truthto ourwhoFather'sgo forthchildren.to teach may

centrate on teaching the gospel in But then of course, even of greater men, in bringing the truth to them, such a way that they who are the essentiality is character, sincerity of and in helping them to ally thembeneficiaries of that teaching may purpose and life, conformity to the selves with the greatest cause in this be able to go out into the world and truths which we seek to teach. I earth. I pray that the blessings of

bring converts to this great cause. hope that you can endeavor to make the Lord may be with you, and I

That is one of the primary objectives all of the young people of your asdo so humbly in the name of Jesus.

of the setting up of the kingdom of sociation conservators of the virtue, Amen.

SEPTEMBER 1957 627 by Dr. Antone K. Romney

PROFESSOR OF EDUCATIONAL ADMINISTRATION, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY,

AND PRESIDENT OF THE BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY STAKE

SPIRITUAL NEEDS

OF ADOLESCENTS

order better to encourage our experience in the area in which they In training boys and girls in spiritInyoung people to live in harmony desire to develop faith, but they also ual matters, parents must therefore with the gospel of Jesus Christ, need to learn to adjust to life's experi- ( 1 ) give them experience in spiritual perhaps the greatest objective of ences. They must realize that some things, (2) assist them to adjust to

Latterday Saint parents, we should things exist regardless of their feelthese experiences, and (3) provide know something of the spiritual needs ings toward them, and that they must situations in which there will be a of youth. It is difficult to state exactmake adjustments to those things proper balance between success and

ly what they are. There are at least which they cannot change. They failure.

three needs, however, which are very must accept reality and adjust to it. If parents are to provide youth with

closely related to the intangible spiritFor example, if a person loses an arm all their spiritual needs, they must ual development of young men and or leg or finds himself handicapped contribute to increased selfdirection.

women and their relationship to God. in some other way or has voiced an This selfdirection or creative effort is

The first spiritual need is experiunanswered prayer, proper adjustperhaps the highest of the spiritual ence with God. If faith in God is to ment must be made before personality developments toward which we strive

grow, one must have experience with or spiritual growth can be complete. in this earthly experience. Jesus said,

him. This need exists not only in reThe third spiritual need of youth is "Be ye perfect."(See Matt. 5:48.)

lation to God, but also in any other proper balance between success and What could be more perfect and more area of religion. Young people, to failure. After a person has obtained creative than our Father in heaven?

develop faith in any gospel teaching, experience and has made some adEveryone should strive to develop must first come in contact with the justment to that experience he natucreativeness in the realm of spiritualreality of that part. This is the founrally must attain some success in his ity. Jesus has revealed the key to

dation upon which faith develops. efforts, and this success must be acspiritual development in that he has

Jesus said, companied by a symbol of success. He indicated the plan, and no one can

receive success have and enough must mistaken by following his plan for be doctrine is not mine, but his that My it to of sufficiently symbols know development. charactersent me.

progressing that himself he is within in will will, his lacks will he experience do know If any The youth who man faith objective. his has If he

it of or toward doctrine, God, bethe whether matters, has not come who of will the spiritual does the and I 7:1617.) in God of myself. speak (Johnwhether

Father, he is promised that success to terms with reality and has not had

The second spiritual need of youth and symbols of success will follow, success in religious life, will not have is a satisfying adjustment to revealed that eventually he will know within confidence in his fellow men nor in truth. Not only do young folk need himself that God lives. God. His emotional insecurity will

628 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Davis from Monkmeycr 'Our greatest opportunity as parents is to assist our children to obtain a deep faith, a true confidence in God...."

be reflected in symptoms of intolerportion to the extent to which they acquire ideals and moral standards ance, arbitrariness, unkindliness, and as parents can provide wholesome which are safe and which will bring other attributes which are directly situations towards meeting them. happiness.

to theopposed meekness and humilUsually a Latterday Saint teenre- has often revealed great God exemplifiedity which were in the ager has in been active who the ligious truths to adolescents, perhaps life of the Savior. Paul said: Church will have developed real rebecause they are still growing spiritligious integration with life, its meanually and are looking for truth and

fall that will But they into be rich temptaing purpose. and attitude His toward for religious their standards to guide

tion snare, into foolish and a and many his fellow and should God by men lives. is anxious Every normal youth lusts, hurtfuland in dewhich drown men

struction and perdition. then be consistent and should be of to find his place in this life and in

For the love of money is the root of all such a nature that he has confidence eternity. Faith, repentance, charity,

evil: which while some coveted after, they and faith. However, this attitude love, tolerance, are some of the goals

erredhave faith the from pierced themand not does come it must striving, are automatically—toward they which andselves through with sorrows. many it attained; be gradually must come in parental example guidance and thou, of But flee these God, man O after seeking experience. and much spiritual it possible matters can makethings; after follow righteousness, and godliness, faith, love, patience, meekness. (I Tim. Perhaps our greatest opportunity as for them to have confidence in their

6:9-11.) parents is to assist our children to ability to achieve.

obtain a deep faith, a true confidence is life of of a period Adolescence the purpose of life here and in God spiritual are in needs When unmet is religious insight chardeep which earth. the upon livesthe of young and men women,

is acteristic. for great qualified Youth

emotional maladjustments arise, and Youth may "have a tendency to exreligious experiences. The spiritual

unpredictable antisocial behavior is periment with sacred things. If we development possible is seen in the

often pursued in an effort on the part are wise parents we will not be disgreat missionary work of the Church of the unfortunate individual to obcouraged with such anattitude of and in the deep testimonies of Lattertain satisfaction for these unmet experimentation, but will, with love day Saint boys and girls.

needs. Wise parents will readily recand understanding, help our children

ognize the symptoms of unfilled to understand sacred things, and will It is our responsibility as parents to spiritual needs in their children. They know that in order for them to gain understand our youth and where poswill recognize stubbornness, intolerconfidence in spiritual things they sible to guide them toward spiritual

ance, lack of confidence, and insecurmust experience their own successes. growth, remembering always that the

ity, and they will know that these Youth strive desperately to learn prinProphet Joseph was only fourteen are symptoms of lacks which, if ciples of conduct which will guide when he received his first great handled wisely, may vanish in protheir actions. They are anxious to revelation.

SEPTEMBER 1957 629 TO BE A KING by Hugh J. Cannon

A FORMER EDITOR OP THE ERA

The picturesque hillside city of

Nazareth, where the Master spent most of his early years....

-Religious News Service Photo

Part VI SYNOPSIS will. Promise that you will never it; but what can a man conceal from

David, a descendant of John Hyrcanus, forsake me, for I love you more than the woman he loves?"

the founder of the Jewish monarchy, is a life.""Nothing, I hope."

pretender to held the throne by Herod now friendsAntipas. a After a pause he continued: "Sup- "And you want me to lay bare my attended and his David

party at the palace—a party at which the pose I decide to reject the counsel heart before you?"

dancer, asked for the head Salome, of John in, given me. Is it possible for me to "Yes, David, please do."the Baptist. brought As the head was

David in anger rebuked Herod and left the remain as I am? No soul can listen "Ruth, I believe with my whole

palace, the taking him. with girl Ruth of this Later, to remain the counsel and man is stranger soul mysterious that this tells of friend, a carpenter Martha,Ruth's divine a sughears unchanged. One are Messiah, already and the promisedfrom Nazareth, when he some whom

or the reverse elevation in gestioncalling and prophet, has a following a who said the voice to follow it was as him untilGalilee. progressed David have Events So ensues. It cannot be otherwise. spoke. Beof the Almighty which is his grasp.feels that within the throne

David would now like to follow the new the question is not, Can we be satislieving thus, what am I to do? To

Teacher, but Ruth is not so inclined. fied with me as I now am? but, Will obey means disgrace, loss of honor,

we be satisfied with me as I will be of friends, perhaps even of you, the

Impetuously Ruth exclaimed, "This after having failed, through cowardabandonment of lifelong dreams. But

man is an impostor; he would rob ice, to respond to divine call?"to disobey! Who but a prophet can

me of your love, and I never want The girl clung to him, frightened foretell what that means?"

Overof again!"to hear him spoken of his at the intensity feelings, which cried distracted the beloved,""My burst into violent weepcome, Ruth continuing. prevented him from girl, call help."are ill! "you Let me

ing. losing your "David, David, you are is ill, nor "No, my I am neither after said a long "Ruth,"David Tell has reason. come me what it has unbalanced, though had over mind die rathersilence, "I would much

than cause you sorrow. Until tonight you! sufficient cause to be."The pathos

your wish has been as a law to me; "It was not my intention to menin his voice and his livid face gave

but now, instead of regarding your tion this matter tonight,"he said evidence of such keen suffering that

Ruth was ready to weep.request, I ask you not to hate the with an attempt at calmness, "still

Nazarene, who deserves no one's ill less to enter into an argument over "But surely he does not intend his 630 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA words to be taken so literally,"she else, but I have gladly deferred to matter. You are choosing between

said imploringly. men of age and experience, with the honor and degradation, between a

"His words were final and adthought that age and experience will throne and beggary, between an immitted of no more argument than the do even more for me. But this poor pudent pretender—and me."

mandate of the Creator when he carpenter, very little older than I, "Oh, Ruth, do not say that! Can

said, 'Let there be light.'Stupendous towers above me as yonder majestic you not see I am groping in darkness,

events are in progress and are not to tree above this tiny flower. Even his stumbling, falling perhaps into an

be. impeded by such as I."disciples have a power with them, abyss? I need a steadying hand."

"But, David, my own beloved, say unfathomable and greatly excelling "Mine are extended to you."

you will not leave me,"cried the anything I have ever seen. Unedu- "Only the Almighty can, in this

girl, clinging to him passionately as cated as some of them are, I see in crisis, direct my footsteps."

if fearful of his immediate departure. them a form of greatness of which "But you reject the guidance which

"Promise to abandon all idea of fol- I have been ignorant."heaven does send, my counsel conlowing this man. Honor him, give "But tell me, why does this person firmed by your own reason. Your

him money if you think he is dedemand so much of you, and what influence, already great, is about to serving, but anything more than that is his purpose in traveling about like be enlarged. But instead you will

will bring ruin to us both. You, with a beggar?"desert your duty and leave the way

your brilliant future, must not be de- "Those are points, and there are a open for Herod and Zebulon. It is

stroyed for such a ridiculous cause."host of similar incongruities that I wicked even to consider it."

David drew Ruth's arm through his cannot explain. He is a king without "But if this is the Messiah who

and led her in silence up and down a court or even a habitation; he is speaks, my cherished ambitions then

the flowerscented walks. His ingreater than the laws of nature, conbecome vulgar and low, and I have

tense nature was capable of feeling trols the laws of death, and converts sold my birthright for a mess of joy or pain to the fullest extent, and throngs of people by his simple words; pottage. Satan offers momentary

now he betrayed the depth of his but his greatest works are among the pleasure and honor at the price of suffering. despised of the earth. How wondereternal pain and disappointment; the

"Your silence distresses me, David. ful it would be if he appeared in glory Almighty offers momentary pain and

You will feel better if you promise to as we have expected!"abasement rewarded by eternal hapgive up all thought of following such "But your reason must convince piness."

unwise counsel."you that the Messiah will come to "David, one's honor, one's good

"I cannot hope my words will disreign—not to be spit upon and rename are precious; do not cast yours

tress you less than silence,"he said viled."to the winds. If knowledge of this

slowly. "My mind tonight is in such "Reason scoffs at the suggestion goes abroad you will be dishonored;

disorder that I can promise nothing that the eyes of the blind can be your friends will forsake you; and

for the future."opened by a word, Ruth, and yet I Father Elihu will consider it a perThe girl sprang from him, amazemyself have seen it done."sonal disgrace. The plans of your

ment and terror almost overpowering "You must be in error,"persisted deceased parents will be frustrated.

her. She held her hands out but the girl. "The Messiah will come in Think of your mother, David, the

withdrew them quickly with a shudglory and all men will hail him as mother who adored you, of the disder. king. This man, at most, is a prophet grace you are bringing upon her

"Do you mean that you may abanwho has no right to command you name. Then think of me, for withdon me for this miserable impostor whose duty it is to command others. out your promise (and it breaks my

who is homeless and cannot divert You asked me to make a promise, but heart to say it), I must withdraw my from himself and his followers the for your own safety I desire your consent to be your wife."

scorn and hatred of the rabble?"pledge to renounce this man and his "Stop, Ruth, do not go that far!"

"Ruth, do not be hasty. You do views and strip yourself of all belief The girl was weeping bitterly. Hisnot understand—in him. David, my sweetheart, you face was as white marble.

She interrupted with an impatient will surely do this for one who would, "Ruth, my sweetheart! Tell me

gesture. "Surely it is I who should without hesitation, give up life for you do not mean what you said."

urge deliberation. You are choosing, you? Overcome by grief, she could not

and without mature reflection, a The young nobleman's tense face reply until the question had been course which must result in shipindicated a supreme struggle. He repeated.

wreck."seemed scorched and withered by the "Yes, I mean it,"she said between

"That is exactly what I am not doheat of internal conflict. Indecision, sobs, "and it will literally kill me,

ing,"he replied positively. "If the a quality foreign to his nature, was for I cannot live without you."

Nazarene stood here and declared now apparent. The girl seemed very She watched intently the convulsolemnly that perfection can be obfar away, and he stretched his arms sive working of his features. At last

tained only by following him, I would as if to draw her closer, but she he dropped her hand which he had not promise tonight to do it, because moved away from him. been holding.

I could not do so sincerely and in- "Come, David, I await your an- "What an ending to a day so full telligently."swer."of hope, what an ending indeed!

"Then why object to promising After some moments he aroused Ruth, I can make no promise tonight.

me?"himself as from a dream and said Perhaps later, perhaps never, I may

"Because I have been so marvelousfirmly, "I cannot renounce God."think and act in a manner that will

ly impressed by all that has occurred. "It is blasphemous to speak thus. accord with your wishes. If so, I

I would not dare say this to anyone The Almighty has no part in this (Continued on page 654)

SEPTEMBER 1957 631 The Spirit of Cooperation

by Spencer W. Kimball

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

EDITOR'S NOTE

This is the third in a series of articles in which General Authorities write features in cooperation with the Presiding Bishopric. It is hoped

that each family will read these articles in preparation for the visit of

Spencer W. Kimball their ward teachers.

of all. The parents sire and bear theMandependentcannot walkfor food—foralone. He hisis longing quiteleatheran whip,expert. eventuallyDriving throughbecomtheir energies and efforts for the good

flip off child. The father earns the means power of locomotion—his very the rocks and trees, he would

life. There is little, if anything, that a blossom or a small branch and with which to feed, clothe, shelter,

he can do alone. He could not accomsometimes a lizard sunning himself and educate it. The mother prepares

plish his birth, nor lay away his body, on a rock, or a horsefly in the air. As and serves, clothes and trains the

nor perform any bodily or mental he and his assistant proceeded one child. The brothers and sisters all

functions without help. Man could day a large bumblebee lighted on the contribute to the total living advennot move an inch toward his salvation rock ahead, and the assistant, pointture of each child. Each does chores,

without help, nor could he attain his ing to the bee, said: "Why don't you baby sits; in turn helps clean, prepare,

exaltation, even though work is an pick off that bumblebee, Mose?"And serve. Each of the family members

important and an indispensable elethe answer was much to the point. participates and leads in family

ment to attain that goal. "No, sah. Dem bees is organized."prayers as directed by the family

Of all newborn creatures, can any Organization and group effort bring leader, the father. The older ones

be more helpless than the human protection. "Divide and conquer"tend the little ones, prepare them for

being? Without care, he would be has been the strategy of many genbed, dress them and comfort them.

a victim of hunger, thirst, disease, erals. Combine and gain strength. As they are able, the children conand exploitation and would succumb In every phase of life strength is attribute toward the family living.

almost as soon as he was born. Sometained by cooperative effort. One The Church program is a coopera-

one, other than himself, must feed can break ten sticks one at a time tive one. All families contribute to

and nourish him, clothe and shelter who could not possibly break ten a general fund through the ward and him, protect and train him. sticks together. stake to the Church by turning in the

He is dependent on his creator for Someone, other than himself, must value of two or more meals a month his neverending life as well as for bless and teach a man and give to him to the fast offering fund from which the mortal part. Without the resurby physical process the new birth of bishops relieve want, suffering, and

rection of Jesus Christ he could never water and spirit. Another must ordain misery.

live again after the physical death, him. Many participate in his endowSome members sing in the choir,

and without the atonement of Christ ment and an authorized keyholding others administer and pass the Sacrahe could never progress. His sins priesthood member must perform the ment, still others teach classes. One

would weigh him down. ceremony which opens doors to exmother serves the many children, her

A story is told of a colored teamster altation. own and others, in Primary, while

in the days of the freighting wagons The family life of a Latterday Saint another mother serves in the Sunday about a century ago. Bored and with is a cooperative effort: sweet, lovable School or trains in MIA or helps the

time on his hands in the long hours interdependence where in unselfish mothers in their home life through of driving, he came to play with his vein parents and children comingle Relief Society.

632 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—J,

"Numerous Church projects are made possible by mass effort...."

—A Lambert Photo

THE best musicians play the organ with which to build the community channel is opened and cooperative and direct the singing; few famhouse. The more favored are generfunds flow to build, equip, and adilies have an accomplished organist. ous and pay much more than those minister a temple there.

The most spiritual and welltrained with financial limitations. All occupy A school is required for young

teachers are made available; the most the building together without disMexicans, otherwise deprived, and the

able and capable leaders are thus crimination of position or wealth or reservoir is tapped, and buildings are obtained for every department. the extent of their contribution. constructed, teachers employed, and

Few parents could afford to build "Faith without works is dead,"says youth trained.

littlefor their a families school all Properly, own contribute James. labors

field for proselyting de- A fertilebuilding employ a competent services and funds. reand Everyone, and in velops a foreign country, and antoteacher their train children. a size gardless of So or age, earns who

is faucet other is turned, wealth and is allcontribution the from or larger made small his amounts, pays to property, establish drawn buypeople, a citizens publicminded and just equitable and law adtithing—the mission fares home, and pay returnminister the funds build of sacrifice It and and bounty. and not only for the missionaries numerous who instructionemploy the chilget tests and the faith of the payer and also, in effort, cooperative a grand

dren taught. assures him limitless blessings but fills proselyte and bring thousands into the

No man could teach well all the a reservoir with funds from which Church yearly.

things young people should learn. So amounts may be drawn by the proper

one teaches mathematics; another, authorities for many useful purposes, And numerous Church projects are

languages; another, engineering; aneach again requiring cooperative acmade possible by mass effort which

other, medicine. tion. A chapel is needed in South would not be possible to each indiNo man could be expert in buildAfrica, and to the smaller amount vidual.

ing roads, auditing accounts, adminsubscribed by the local members, Tithing: Thus from the widow in

istering the healing arts, directing an there comes from the tithing reservoir Ogden, the little child in Finland, the army, and legislating. Each has his the larger amount to pay for the ediyoung Lamanite convert in Guatetalents which he develops to the last fice. In Chicago or Macon or Tucson mala, the rich man of New York, the

degree, and society gets the benefit of or Missoula, or in any other of the newsboy in Seattle, the blind woman expert service from many sources in thousands of branches and wards, the of New Zealand come the funds in every line. accumulated funds from the reservoir pennies and pesos, francs, and marks,

A meeting place is necessary, and come to bring blessings which otherfor the numerous progressive and proall members cooperate in building wise would be out of reach for the ductive projects of a great organization it. Men and boys dig foundations, individual community. A temple is involving a million and a half of

mix and pour concrete, lay bricks, needed in Europe for the tens of people—all by cooperation of effort.

nail on boards, shingle roofs, paint thousands who cannot travel nor emiMan cannot stand alone nor walk and trim, as well as contribute money grate to the United States, and a alone!

SEPTEMBER 1957 633 THE PART THAT HANGS OVER'

by Bishop Clyde D. Sandgren

GENERAL COUNSEL AND SECRETARY, THE

CHURCH UNIFIED SCHOOL SYSTEM

dear brethren and sisters: Ever the farreaching effect for good that activity of the wards and stakes,

My withsince PresidentI first becameMcKay,acquaintedI have hascampus.come AsfromI havethe newbeen stakeprivilegedon thatto withbranchesthose andwho missions.watch thingsYouhappenwork

been thrilled each time he has shaken preside over one of the BYU wards and you try to make certain that my hand. I had never appreciated for the past year and a half, I have everyone has at least an idea of what

how his voice can electrify a person gained a greater appreciation of the has happened. You are among those

until he telephoned me yesterday youth of the Church—which my prior who—through service to others—are

morning by long distance and asked service as a bishop had not afforded. building a blanket that will be large

that I arrange with my counselors to The faithfulness and devotion of these enough to hang over. Yours is a

take care of ward activities and that young people is undoubtedly typical challenging opportunity for leader-

I plan to speak here this morning. As of a high percentage of our boys and ship. I will take the liberty of speak-

a matter of fact, I am still in somegirls throughout the Church, but it ing for all the bishops and branch what of a state of shock as a result becomes very pointed when thousands presidents of the Church in saying of that conversation, although I do are together on one campus. that you play a most important role

appreciate this privilege. President McKay gave me complete in the success of our wards and

Never have I prayed more earnestly freedom as to the subject for my talk, branches. Many weak testimonies of

or humbly for guidance and inspirawhich I appreciate very much. If the gospel have been strengthened

tion than has been the case since that what I have to say is worthy of a title, because of the activities of the Mutual telephone call, and I also ask that each perhaps we could call it "The Part Improvement Associations. Many conof you lend your spiritual support as that Hangs Over."I take this title verts to the Church received their

I approach this assignment. from part of an advertisement I once first introduction to the gospel plan

May I express at the outset my apsaw in connection with a sale of through the Mutual program. Many

preciation for membership in the blankets. A merchant was offering others have retained their interest

Church, for the priesthood I bear, for blankets for sale and emphasized their and testimonies because of the faithloving parents who taught me (by generous size by stating "The part of fulness and leadership of an MIA is officer or teacher.precept and example) the principles the blanket that keeps you warmof the gospel, for a wonderful wife the part that hangs over."I recognize and appreciate—with

the Church of Jesus Christand children who have supported me This can be applied to life's relayou—that

without limitation in whatever I have tionships. Gold makes a beautiful but of Latterday Saints gives to its memis no part bers unique opportunities to particibeen called to do in the Church, and very cold blanket—there

for my present privilege of a close of it to hang over. The person who pate and to develop qualities of

association and acquaintance with the is interested and active in worthleadership. Most, if not all, of you

General Authorities. The greatest while things, and to whom the piling have been beneficiaries of the rich dehappiness I have known in life has up of material wealth is not the most velopment thus afforded. Furthermore,

come as a result of Church service, important thing, is building the part you have received counsel from the and it is therefore to be expected that of the blanket that hangs over and General Authorities as to ways and

I welcome each new opportunity keeps him warm. means of becoming wise and successful

even though some of them (such as Someone has said that there are leaders of the youth of Zion. Certain

this one today) increase the number three types of people: The few who qualities of leadership that I consider

of gray hairs in my head. make things happen; the many who to be important may or may not have

I to been brought your attention, and the big happen; watch things and of grateful a part to be also I am liberty to of referring shall the take has majority have no idea what who Stake. UniversityBrigham Young follows: as briefly them I this that understand happened. milegreat been haveThere many

stones in the growth of the BYU and congregation today is a representative 1. Establish an objective: A goal

isother parts of the Church school sysgroup of those in the Church who gives meaning to any project. It

everytem, but none, in my opinion, has had make things happen. You are the like the hub in a wheel—with

ones charged with the responsibility spoke fitted into it to make a strong at the talk given Sunday *A morning session of of leadership in connection with the and perfect circle. Without such a 16, 1957. conference, JuneMIA

634 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Courtesy Salt Lake Tribune

hub, spokes will not radiate evenly Miss Information trying very hard to lift a heavy stone.

and the wheel will lack strength and Miss Quotation His father, happening by and noting may break apart on the first good Miss Representation the son's failure, said to him: "Are

bump it hits. However, given a Miss Interpretation you using all your strength?""Yes,

strong hub, a surprising number of Miss Construction I am,"the boy exclaimed. "No,"the

shocks and bumps can be sustained Miss Conception father replied, "You are not. You

on the outside rim without serious Miss Understanding haven't asked me for help."Don't

damage. In life, it is possible merely deprive yourselves of the greater

to throw a heap of stones together, 8. Recognize personal differences in chances for success that will result

but this pile is not beautiful. We people with whom you work: Under from a partnership with the Lord.

pyramid to the heights when we lay the influence of identical circumLike the boy in the story, we are not stone on stone according to a plan. stances and environment, one man using all of our strength unless we

2. Believe in your objective: A may become stronger, another weaker, avail ourselves of the help of our

bishop of the Anglican Church once and another may wither away; for Father.

asked David Garrick, the great actor, example: take a piece of wax, a piece Certainly I realize that these are

how it was possible to take fiction of meat, some sand, some clay, and but a few of the things that successful and produce such a tremendous effect some shavings and put them on a fire. leaders may observe with benefit.

on his audience. Garrick replied: Each is being acted upon by the same They may, however, help your broth-

"Because / recite fiction as if it were agent, yet the wax melts; the meat ers and sisters who follow you to build

truth, and you preach truth as if it fries, the sand dries up, the clay lives broad enough to have a part were fiction."A good Church leader hardens, and the shavings blaze. In that hangs over.

must preach the truth with the same a sense, this is true with your leader- I have somewhere heard the story enthusiasm and zeal as a great actor ship of people of divers backgrounds of a crystalclear, lifegiving fountain recites the lines of his play. and experiences. which flowed forth in great volume.

fill- 3. Get the people with whom you 9. Look behind each problem before People in the neighborhood were

work also to believe in your objective: trying to solve it: One day a man ing vessels from it. Some brought

A leader is successful when he gets saw a car rolling down the street large tubs, others smaller jars and people to do the work he wants them without a driver. He dashed from jugs, and one had an old whiskey

to do, in the way he wants it done, the sidewalk, clambered into the car, bottle. The water filled them all

when he wants it done, because they and slammed on the brakes. A seccompletely, taking the shape of each

want to do it. ond man appeared from the back of vessel.

4. Set the example for your cothe car, puffing and complaining, One who had brought a tub had

workers to follow: Others will follow "What's the big idea? I'm out of gas not cleaned it well, but as the water

your footsteps more readily than they and have been trying to push my car continued to run in, the muddy apwill follow your advice. to a gas station. You're the third pearance changed until, at last, the

5. Establish teamwork among all quickthinker I've met in the last tub was filled with crystalclear water.

who are involved in the project: You two blocks."Leaders have the reThe one who had brought the old

never work out problems by being on sponsibility of looking behind each whiskey bottle hadn't bothered to the outside. You must get inside. problem before trying to solve it cleanse it. The odor of liquor still

There has to be teamwork, and you lest we bring to a halt the slowbut- hung about it, so the first water was can't have it if half the team is outsure progress of some of our brothers an impure mixture. But he held the

side the stadium. and sisters who are pushing hard to bottle in the stream and, before long,

6. Don't give up if the objective is reach a filling station where they can the old whiskey bottle also was filled

not reached in the first attempt. refuel for greater progress. with clear, pure, lifegiving water.

Triumph is just umph added to try. 10. Finally, but most important: We are all different kinds of ves-

7. Beware of the seven Mischievous Take the Lord into partnership with sels, each with different capacities.

Misses, who will throw a monkey you in your project: I am reminded The gospel of Jesus Christ flows in

wrench into any project: of the story of the small boy who was (Continued on page 670)

SEPTEMBER 1957 635 Missionary Helps

THE MORMON CONTRIBUTION TO

CONTEMPORARY RELIGION'

—Photo by Strickler of Monkmeycr

Dr. G. Homer Durham

today's world, Mormonism, solowers of Buddha, to the devotees of 3. The ecclesiastical question, or

Incalled, may be viewed in two Hinduism and of Islam, however, is the matter of organization.

aspects. One is with reference to only the indirect subject for this writits relationship to the rest of the Chrising. More directly, what contribution

tian world and to the Christian religion has Mormonism for the professing in general. The second has to do with Christian? If this is understood, The Trinitarian and Christological

the contribution it has for the nonsomething of the character of the recontroversies have plagued historic

Christian world, ranging from western stored gospel can be discerned against Christianity since the second century existentialists, communists, atheists, the general field of religion and non- A.D. The Council of Nicea in A.D.

and agnostics to the great religious religion. 325 attempted a solution in terms of

the Nicene Creed. The rupturing of

systems of Asia, Africa, and elsewhere. Mormonism, in this sense, may be the Christian community, already farThis second aspect presents a'peculiar said to have three basic contributions advanced, was only further emphaproblem, namely, how to present the to modern religion. They may be sized by this and subsequent ecumenistory of the restoration to individuals summarized as contributions to what cal councils of the ancient church.

who do not accept and have, in many Christian scholars call: The existence today of the Armenian,

cases, never heard of the Bible. How 1. The Christological and TriniEastern Orthodox, Nestorian, Ethithe message will be taken to the foltarian questions; opian, Coptic, Roman Catholic, and

2. The anthropological question; other Christian churches (not to men-

*From The Millennial Star (February 1957). and tion the Protestant offshoots of Roman

636 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Catholicism since the Middle Ages) "Adam fell that men might be; and (D & C 20: 65. ) Also that "All things

demonstrates lack of success in reachmen are, that they might have joy."shall be done by common consent in

ing agreement. To some, the Father (2 Nephi 2:25.) Thus man can be the church,..."(Ibid., 26:2.) Thus

and the Son were identical, with the optimistic and not be cursed with the restored Church in its polity is

Holy Ghost a second p&rty. To others Augustinian "original sin."Instead neither episcopal (ruled by bishops),

the Father and Son were separate, of being a worm, however, "As God is, presbytcrian (ruled by elders), nor though consubstantial (of one subman may become."(President Locongregational (ruled by the congrestance), with the Holy Ghost emanatrenzo Snow.) gation). But all three principles mesh

ing from both rather than being a and combine, and constitute a unique separate entity. In some groups, Mary Ill and remarkable ecclesiastical polity,

was Theotokus (the mother of God). one which provides adequate authorIn others she was merely Christotokus This clarification of the nature of ity without destroying individual free-

(mother of Christ). While in yet God and of man provides the basis for dom and liberty. Thus the Church's

others she was both Theotokus and the third great contribution, namely, claim to "divine authority"is not a

Christotokus at one and the same the nature and character of the claim to dictatorial, authoritarian, or time! The First Vision of the Prophet Church as a great social organization. arbitrary rule. We claim that "the

Joseph Smith, and subsequent revelaIf God is a great personal being and rights of the priesthood are intions, restored clarity and simplicity Christ his real son (demonstrating to separably connected with the powers in the place of this confusion. The other sons and daughters how a life of heaven."But the same scripture

first Article of Faith states the simple may be lived); if man's true nature imposes the basic limitation "that the

truth in plain language, restoring (having been "in the beginning with powers of heaven cannot be controlled common sense to the most fundaGod") is clear, then the ancient nor handled only upon the principles mental controversy in Christendom. problems of church organization can of righteousness."We can be orMany members of the Church do not also be solved. The church is not dained, "but when we undertake to

realize the tremendous historic sigan ecclesiastical dictatorship. It is not cover our sins, or to gratify our pride,

nificance of the work of Joseph Smith a psuedosystem of divineright monour vain ambition,"or to become in this regard. archy designed to enslave its members, dictatorial ("exercise control or doto dwarf them by fear, superstition, minion upon the souls of the children

II or priestcraft. On the other hand, of men, in any degree of unrighteousneither is it a drifting, rudderless ness"), then the priesthood and auTowards a solution of the knothuman association, beset by anarchy, thority of that man is withdrawn.

ty "anthropological question,"the disorder; without shape or meaning. Or, as this basic scripture, which inChurch has a similarly simple but It is not merely God's church nor volves the "constitutional law"of the

profound answer. It is found in the Christ's church, nor is it the church Church, recites: "Amen to the priest

second Article of Faith: "We believe of any man or men. As its name rehood or the authority of that man."

that men will be punished for their veals, it is the Church of Jesus Christ (See Ibid., 121:3646.)

own sins and not for Adam's transof Latterday Saints. It is the church

Thus the basic law of the Churchgression."of both Jesus Christ and the people,

reflects doctrines fundamental with

Saints. Latterday the the members, is "anthropological question"The respect of to the nature man. and God

Its ecclesiastical of polity or govform centuries'the issue in old Christian is of intelligence, glory The and God is neither nor monarchical ernment to respecttheology the with nature strive like to should be God. men

is It of both. democratic. a blendof to as as the the question man. Just for set relations pattern The human in wrote Smith Times and As Joseph ofnature character Deity vexed and for the should a model Church become April 1844: 15, "I Seasons, go emto as issue soChristendom, did the all for of the relations society: human virtuously, phatically, humanely, and his of nature. the and Mostman or or influence can power "No for a, where Theodemocracy and God St.Christian follows world Augustine

to of ought virtue be maintained by to conduct the the hold people power his to the anthropologicaland answer the persuasion, priesthood, only by affairs of the men in righteousness."question, that namely, is a prodman longsuffering, gentleness by and the priesthood of the Church by Thus is sin,"of "originaluct corthat he meekness, and by love unfeigned."is freely conferred worthy male on all evil,rupt, to the ills predestined and (D&C 121:41.) fully blessings members, and itsof sin except as rescued the flesh and

by divine grace; that man's history shared, including the highest blessIf the nations of Europe, Asia,

begins merely at birth, or at best ings of the temples, by the women Africa, America, and the islands of the conception; and that his prospects of the Church. And although the sea would follow this pattern, we

are pessimistic, except for grace. Into fifth Article of Faith states, "We becould visualize a new world. This,

of called lieve thethis confusion western that be in which a man must then, is the second aspect of Mormonfor years, the laying prophecy, 1500world had wallowed and by God, by the Prophet Joseph Smith brought on of hands, by those who are in auism in the modern world: To bring

the glorious doctrine that "Man was thority to preach the Gospel and the message of God's and man's naalso in the beginning with God"(D administer the ordinances thereof,"ture, of the nature of organization, to & C 93:29), and that "... The eleit is also fundamental in the practice the world so that no power or influments are eternal, and spirit and eleof the restored Church that "No perence is maintained except by persuament, inseparably connected, receive son is to be ordained to any office in

... and by love unfeigned. Thisa fulness of joy."(Verse 33.) And this church, where there is a regusion

that instead of committing a heinous larly organized branch of the same, is a large order to fill, in which every crime, forever bedeviling humanity, without the vote of that church,..."member must play an intelligent part.

SEPTEMBER 1957 637 Leadership Development

THE

EXECUTIVE

by Sterling W. Sill

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

—Photos by H, Armstrong Roberts

Certainly the most important part when one falls down, he tends to pull horses soon learn to have confidence of any success is the leader. He the team down. One basketball in a capable master. They know that

is the one who works at the head player can lose for the entire team. he will not ask anything impossible

and carries the responsibility. He is That is also true in Church work, or unreasonable. But they also know

the executive, the one who puts the where there are no oneman teams. that he knows the maximum effort of

program in force. He is the one who It is the responsibility of the real which each is capable, and that he

guarantees accomplishment as well as executive to prevent failure before it will not tolerate a balky or a lazy the success of the other members of occurs; therefore, he must be familiar horse who would destroy team effithe organization. If the leader really with the reasons for failure. Aristotle ciency.

leads, accomplishment is assured, for once said that we never really know When the father held the reins, "as with the priest, so with the peo- a thing until we know it by its causes. the horses were at their best. They

ple."Marshall Foch once said that Every success and eyery failure has were organized and united. Their

it was not an army that crossed the a cause, just as does overweight or spirit was at its peak. They knew

Alps, but Hannibal. indigestion. And the function of the that the one holding the reins acted

The dictionary says that the execueffective executive is to destroy the in their best interests. It is the same

tive is the one who executes. He is eggs of failure before they have time with a good executive. Everyone is

the "guarantee"that the work will to hatch. He constantly guides his inspired by his ability, fairness, and

be done, not only effectively, but also organization toward the predeterpurpose. The team is stronger than

on time. The word executive literally mined goal. the total of the individual members.

means to follow out or to pursue, and Recently a man related a boyhood Each draws strength from the other.

is a very appropriate description of a experience on the farm. His father Ernie Pyle, the late war corregood executive. hauled sugar beets to the factory in spondent, said that "ninetenths of

The executive is the one who deter- a wagon drawn by four horses. The morale is made up of pride in your

mines goals, devises strategy, decides boy held the reins while the wagon outfit and confidence in your leaders."

on methods, blueprints accomplishwas being loaded until the load began But morale and accomplishment both ment, and provides suitable motivato get heavy. Then the father took break down when the leader lacks

tion. The executive is responsible for over the driving, because the horses competence. Yet it is a very common

the climate in which success may could pull more with the father holdthing to see otherwise good men fail grow. In business or in the army or ing the reins. in their executive function. They

in the Church, the esprit de corps With horses or with men, the ease may have great faith, but no compedoesn't usually bubble up from the with which the load is moved is detertence. They may have a testimony,

bottom; it filters down from the top. mined in large part by who holds the but they just can't seem to get the

An organization tends to be what its reins and how. A skilful driver job done. God cannot be served by

commanding officer is, and the best knows how to communicate to the incompetence.

executive is the one who can most team by means of the reins, his voice, "Are you able,"said Jesus to his nearly release the full potential of the manner, etc. He makes accomplishfollowers, "to drink the cup that I

entire management team. Maximum ment easy, because the members of shall drink of?"(Matt. 20:22.) In

success requires that every member of the team are then able to coordinate addition he might also ask of us: Are

the team must be kept at his best, for their efforts and work in unison. Even you able to get the enlistment work

638 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA done? Are you able to get spirituality "fractional devotion"intended by the It is comparatively easy to secure

to grow in the hearts of people? Are line of scripture saying, "see that ye technicians or skilled workmen, but

you able to get accurate reports in, serve him with all your heart, might, real executive leadership is a quality and on time? Are you able to carry mind and strength."(D & C 4:2.) of a higher denomination. The execuyour share of the responsibility withGod reemphasized the importance of tive must know many things. He

out always being reminded? Are you our spiritual success when he said, must know how to work on his own

able (so to speak) to get the ship into "It would be better to be drowned in power. He must be able to develop

port? God is best served only as we the depths of the sea, than to offend the ideas and harness the imagination

develop our talents and are able to one of these little ones."(See Matt. of others. It is the job of the execueliminate failure and all of its causes. 18:6.) tive to think, plan, invent, direct,

After the French had been con- A good leader must be expert in check, and inspire. He watches the

quered by the Nazis in June 1940, human engineering, inasmuch as the sky for enemy aircraft, so to speak. He

Marshal Petain, referring to the years most important problems in the world knocks down the problem before it before the war, announced this reare human problems. A recent survey drops its bombs. He pours oil on the

quiem over a lost France: "Our spirit indicated that of all of the automotroubled waters. He has a high sense

of enjoyment was stronger than our bile wrecks where lives were lost, four of honesty and fair dealing. He must

spirit of sacrifice. We wanted to have percent of the wrecks were caused by be a selfstarter, a good manager of

more than we wanted to give. We mechanical failure and ninetysix perhimself, and set a good example. He

tried to spare effort, and we met cent by human failure, indicating a must be loaded with industry and an disaster."far greater need for human mechanics expert in human relations.

Sometimes our purpose is conthan for auto mechanics. The air Walter Gifford once said, "The sucquered by evil, for the same reasons, force maintains "flight surgeons"to cessful general is one under whose

keep men at their best and to leadership the staff, as well as the "ground"them when inefficiency rank and file, will work and die with warns of failure. enthusiasm."History tells us that the

The leader in Church work is supvery presence of Napoleon meant a posed to bring men to their best and victory for his soldiers. In his presence

then keep them there. His job is to his troops could not be defeated. The

draw ideas from others and help to Duke of Wellington estimated that perfect their knowledge and purpose. the presence of Napoleon on the field

He must be able to induce their greatwas the equivalent of a reinforcement est effort. He is responsible for team of a hundred thousand additional men.

integration and balance; for getting Because this ability is so allim-

average men to achieve above the portant, we ought to do more about average. Every member of the group developing it on every level of Church

suffers a character loss if the leader responsibility. This can be done

lets down so that the program does through thorough training, constant not go over. study, thoughtful effort, and helpful

and we may eventually find ourselves Executive ability is the most valuexperience. Leadership cannot be

face to face with a far greater tragedy able known ability. Workers always placed upon one's shoulders like a

than overtook the French, if we fail do better with a good leader; for exammantle. It cannot be bestowed. It

in our "stewardship"because "we ple, it has been proved many times can only be acquired. One cannot

were not able."In the work of salvathat a sales force under an ordinary become an effective executive merely

tion, mere goodness is not enough; leader will sell only a fraction of the by being so designated. Executive

we also need ability and knowhow, goods that can be sold by the same ability is something that each must and the determination to follow sales force under a leader who can bestow upon himself. And even then,

through. maintain high morale, promote a it is only available on a temporary

In our day the Lord pointed out one sense of responsibility, give effective basis. You cannot own it; it is only

of the greatest sins of the sectarians training, and provide stimulating suyours for as long as it is continuously when he said, "They draw near to pervision and motivation. earned. When the leader begins to

me with their lips, but their hearts With good leadership, the Aaronic slip, morale and accomplishment beare far from me."The worst blasPriesthood boys of one stake get five gin to slip also. When the leader

phemy is not profanity, but lip servtimes as many awards as the same improves, the work of the Lord over ice. This great evil still walks up kind of boys do under poor leaders. which he has charge will prosper acand down among us, seeking to deMissionaries make more converts cordingly.

stroy us. Like the vinedresser's son, when they are better trained and more What a thrilling thought, that we

we say, "I go,"but go not. effectively led. And in a ward where may qualify as executive officers of

Mostly we are only partially faith- a bishopric is effective in its executive the Lord, assigned to put his program ful. So often we choose to walk the and administrative functions, many

easy pathway of minimum performmore people may qualify for the celesin force in the lives of people!

ance; whereas the work of God detial kingdom. What ability is greater Following are some suggestions for

mands our best effort. It was not a than this? (Continued on page 664)

SEPTEMBER 1957 639 were we two reasons whyThere to piece the heartshaped chose stop and rest at. First it was

the only square rod of green grass in that corner of Wyoming where we could lie on our backs and study the floating clouds. Also, it had a deepcut wash along one side where we

could put the horse so we could climb onto his back again when our rest was over. We weren't allowed to ride

a saddle yet. Nobody under ten was

allowed to ride a saddle. If you fell

off, you might get your leg caught in the stirrup. And if you "got

throwed,"you might get hurt on the saddle horn. Snooks was gentle

enough ordinarily. He wasn't afraid

of anything but wolves and lightning.

Wolves didn't usually come out in broad daylight; and lightning wasn't

likely on such a clear blueand-white morning.

We had been sent up the draw, Rachel and I, to find Mabel, a cow that was ready to calve. We always

looked at the heartshaped piece first because there was the little patch of Snooks reared to his tall hind legs, and his forefeet tore at the air. When those forefeet

grass, the tiny spring that kept it hit the ground, it was to dig in for a mighty leap, and Snooks was off up the draw in the opposite direction from home.

alive, and the wash alongside where an animal could find privacy. It offered food, water, and shelter to a

calving cow.

But the cow wasn't there, and wewould have to look on farther up the THE BIG draw. Still, the morning was young First of Two Parts

and the grass was inviting, and there was no one to tell us that we might ing time about the new grass. Snooks tender hands locked firmly around my

not slide off the horse and take a few blew his breath in little snorts where waist. We were not allowed to run

minutes to lie down on our backs the grass broke off. We took strength a horse; but we could not have

and visit with the quiet clouds overfrom Snooks'big steady proximity, stopped him. He looked neither to

head. and breathed in large unafraid the right nor to the left. His neck

Rachel was two years younger than breaths. We dug our toes down into reached out and fastened onto space

I. Later on in the summer she would the grass. In no other place for miles and pulled his big body forward.

be eight. She was very brave and around could bare toes make any imIt could have been an hour that

had a lot of good sense for her age. pression on the ground. Ironshod he ran—we didn't look at the sun to

I always wished I were more like hoofs sometimes left little parentheses measure the time; but we were miles

Rachel. She had had vicissitudes between the cactus and the sage. But away from the quiet heartshaped

and had overcome them. Vicissitudes smaller, softer feet left no traces. piece when we stopped. We were up

were the scars where her hands had It was good to be at the hearton top of the wide plateau in the been frozen two winters before. Her shaped piece. There was no need for strange vast country known as the

hands were still bent, and her fingers talk. There was no need for sound. summer range. A little farther and

were still tender; but that was the We had the quiet music of white there would be herds of sheep, sumway vicissitudes left a person. She clouds trailing their arpeggios against mering. Neither of us had ever been

had emerged from her suffering with blue sky. But we had to go again that far before. The wind blew stead-

a little more wisdom and patience so we climbed on Snooks'back. ily, but as there was no obstacle for

than I was ever able to acquire. And then it came—a ripping, ugly, it to try its muscle against, it blew on

We lay down on the heartshaped terrifying wail, ending in a throaty, quietly.

piece, and I buckled my hands under guttural abruptness. Snooks reared We knew that we must rub the

my head. Rachel buckled hers over to his tall hind legs, and his forefeet lather from good old Snooks. He

her chest because her hands were tore at the air. When those forefeet stood facing the wind, docile and

still tender. Snooks cropped away at hit the ground, it was to dig in for quivering, with his head down low

the short grass, and we were glad a mighty leap, and Snooks was off up against the ground. We sat there for

that he could have this refreshment. the draw in the opposite direction long minutes, sliding our wet legs over

He was such a dependable good from home. I had the reins well in the soapy lather of his sides. If we

horse. There was a smell like hayhand, and Rachel behind me had her got off, we might have to walk for

640 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA but I didn't even hear his horse's "How do you know it was a cat?"

hoofs. Rachel asked.

"Si, si—Buenos diets—As you say, "Si, si. Eet was the cat. The wolf

good morning!"he come in many. The coyote he

I turned quickly and looked up at a come in one, maybe two. The cat she

smiling Mexican sheepherder leaning come alone weeth thee beeg noise."

down toward me, doubling forward "Cats purr,"Rachel said, not meanover his rifle on the saddle horn. I ing in any way to be impolite.

tried to think of something nice and "At night thee beeg noise. She

Spanish to say to him. And all I scream like leetle senora. She make

could think of was frijoles. like thee dying bull, weeth hees

"Si, si!"he exclaimed delightedly, heart's blood outrunning hees teeth."

"eet ees as you say—time for eat. That was the sound. A piercing,

Si, si—we eat frijoles. The leetle womancry; a wail, ending with the

senoritas they weel come to my humthroaty bellow of a bull gurgling his ble hacienda—no? Thee horse he ees last lifeblood! I would never, never

much weary. He ees much wet."be able to lie down on my back on

His humble hacienda was a sheep the heartshaped piece again. I looked

camp another couple of miles windat Rachel. I hoped that she would

ward. Little senoritas should never go insist that cats only purred. I wished

to a sheep camp—no. But it was now that I could shield her from the truth.

close to dinner time, and we didn't I wished that I could somehow absorb want to hurt his feelings. Snooks all the vibrations of that bloodchill-

would have to rest; and we must find ing cry and blot it out for her forever,

some water for him. like a secret never mentioned again,

Rachel told our friend that we were to die with me. The shock would

SMjMg *w looking for a cow and a calf. not go well with her vicissitudes.

The Mexican shook his head sadly. "Some people say that mountain

"No cow she ees come. A beeg cat lions don't scream,"Rachel said.

she come. She keel my sheep. She "Si, si—she scream!"

tear my poor dog. My dog I shoot. "Yes, they scream all right,"Rachel

All day I Iuke for beeg cat. She ees said.

leave no tracks for Pedro. No tracks Pedro got down off his horse and

but for teeth. Tonight my poor lettle strapped his big gun tight to the saddle. His horse was an Indian pinto,NOISEby Ora Pate Stewart dog he weel not whine. Tonight the

cat she keel my sheep. Poor Pedro and small, much smaller than Snooks;

he ees much unhappy."and Pedro was scarcely any taller

miles until we could find a boulder We had heard the menfolks talk than the sag in the middle of his or a wash so that we could get back about Pedro. He was the Benton horse. His legs were much shorter

on. We didn't know this country. brothers'man, and he was brave and than the rest of him. He did not wear

We might have to walk a long way. dependable. For twenty years he had chaps like the cattle men. He wore

But that was for the future. The herded Benton sheep. Little senoritas levis that were very tight. His

immediate was to dry our foamy would be safe with Pedro. stomach bloused out above his belt,

and I in his the wondered friend so world that how he wouldn't get pneueat frijoles,"weel he said. "We

levis on. far stayed the of slid monia. most By to the ground We he Pedro weel on "And eyes make sharp

stuffed into his him was legs. faded blue wobbly to dry But what him for I cat. the fear beeg your cow

shirt. a red wore bandana with? He didn't around even have a handWe like ees die, she like sheep, poor my

his neck, felt old black and an kerchief. hat the coveralls that had We dog."my poor

we stood up in. Rachel was as big with a tall crown that fitted down

as I was; but I was older, so I gave over his ears.

the orders. She was to take off her "Pedro he weel make for guide thee

coveralls. leetle senoritas"He led his horse

behind. Snooks I rubbed and combed and patt ahead. We walked

was all in.

and smoothed along with the grain o him, wrung out the coveralls, and "We shouldn't oughta go,"Rachel rubbed again. His hide rippled loose said under her breath. "We oughta

along his neck and sides, and the go back and look for the cow."

muscles of his shoulders and hips "Pedro he see thee cow,"our guide rippled from deep inside. But he wa said, turning back toward us. He

coming clean. He still breathed st have developed a hearing for

mouth open, and there was foa >ft sounds, because of his living his mouth and bit. alone for twenty years. "Thee cow

she ees die. The calf she ees tear in

Absorbed in my work, I did no pieces. Pedro he go before the sun

notice the approach of a rider behi to luke for thee beeg cat. The cat

me. He came from the windward, (Continued on following page)

SEPTEMBER 1957 641 The Big Noise

(Continued from preceding page) noise,"Rachel said. "Did you see up the hill from Fossil way—perhaps

she go before Pedro."He pointed in anything?"Narrows.

direction of the draw where we had "Nope. But I don't think I looked. I carried the water bag, because of

come up. Then the starkness of our Did you?"Rachel's tender hands. We reached

plight struck him. We must not go "I didn't look at the heartshaped the top of the slope.

back down that draw. "The leetle piece,"Rachel said; "but a mile or The horses looked friendly, tied

senoritas they must come weeth so up the draw I saw a flock of magtogether, and yet free. Snooks looked

Pedro."pies pecking and fighting over somepitiful, his nostrils swollen and wet.

At the camp Pedro dropped the thing. It might've only been a dead The froth around his mouth was yelreins of the pinto, and the pinto rabbit but I wondered if it could've low now. I knew his throat must

stopped just as if she had been staked been our cow. There was a lot of be dry and sore. He sniffed and

to the place. I fumbled Snooks'reins magpies."Maybe that was what pawed at the ground. He must have

and considered tying him to the Pedro saw. "Papa will sure be mad. smelled the water bag.

wagon wheel. Pedro politely took the Did you know it was a mountain "He wants water,"Rachel said.

straps from my hands and secured lion?"Pedro called out something in Spanthem to the reins of his own horse. "Nope. I thought of wolves—and ish from his wagon, and his little

"The peento she weel not go,"he bulls. It was too big a noise for a pinto led Snooks down to the spring.

said. bobcat."The fiesta was frijoles from a can

He showed us the grave he had "I've"never heard a noise like that labeled Pierce's Pork and Beans, sourmade for his brave little dog, who in all my life,"Rachel said. "It dough pancakes as thin and crisp as

had been torn so badly that he had must've been terribly close."tortillas, and some warmedover mutto be shot. He showed us where "It was close all right."ton stew. It was ample, and it was

eight sheep had been ripped apart, We filled the water bag and started good. But Pedro apologized.

their wool in small tufts rolling about back toward the sheep wagon. The "For the leetle senoritas Pedro he

in the wind like tiny tumbleweeds. sheep were quiet in a bunch on down should bake thee loaf."

The fleeces he could not save. It below us in the hollow. "You couldn't very well bake bread

mountain and hunt lions the same after shearing. too soonwas For are as quiet as sheep "The if nothsaid. Rachel day,"sheepskin they were not good because ing observed. happened,"had Rachel

put Pedro were ripped. flesh,they Their were the dishes—they he "I don't guess they have enough room

of granite -gray a pansaid, poison to the he would porcelain—into and feed their in to store brains up worries."

set stove. water and on the small themcoyotes.

That is good, I thought. Perhaps Then he went out to get some sage "Is this a mountain lion track?"

for worries people are only have who fill to knots box. the up wood We asked, squattingRachel over an imin their brains. spare rooms But surprise get a do on I would and himpression softened where blood had

I worried. did not was any know as the dishes just the as soon water a little.the ground

other the than draw. way home down hot. was certainly most a mountain

start to I did not the back want down I looked out on the wagon tonguelion large as hand. a man's It track—aswas piece. the heartshaped draw toward at sheep. the unfortunate imprint. the overPedro stooped "The

not could Pedro go with us because he pinto getting Snooks and the were she ees the papa. He eesmamma to leave his sheep. no with had dog all right. froth along gone was The cat."thee beeg

Perhaps, however, he could point out from Snooks'mouth now; his neck Pedro dragged a goodsized dead

sheep toward the camp wagon. another way; there were no wagon and sides had quit rippling, and the

"Thees one she weel make thee good tracks up the draw. He must have wind had dried his mane out fluffy

brought up his camp from another again. Poor Snooks! That was thebait for coyotes,"he said. "Pedro he

weel make weeth thee poison."He worst lathering he'd ever had. Poor

laid the carcass over the wagon tonlittle dog! We would find some wild

gue. Then he took down the canvas flowers and braid a wreath for his

water bag from its place on the front FROM TEARS TO TRIUMPH grave. He had died with his boots

bow and poured some water over his By Harland E. Fitch on.

of Pedro armful with back came an nearly empty,hands. bag was The of life a century almost faced he the against ax leaned grub He fill if it for askedso Rachel we could little In fleeting wood. twoscore than more

him. years. the front wheel and climbed into the

bitterness of tears the salty She knew knots. the brush with wagon We si,"said delightedly, point- "Si, he strife. of suffering tragedy Through and that he have would been on all this clouded, yet through unknown knew And spring in directioning of the the

his for eyes sharp the horse making way, rise. a little Pedro over "Anddown justice, fate in seemed, than more Where if it for us. big cat hadn't been We for fiesta."thehe weel make command,

to didn't that us take he want knew trust a gentle learned to guiding She Hand; will awful about be "Papa mad brings faith to courage that that learned hunt. the She on he knew And we

Snooks,"Rachel obey. said. "We shouldn't to didn't alone. send want us home

now, with mellowed sweetness of the And him."have run there us the If he took draw, down years,

"We didn't run him,"I said. "He Come shining jewels polished by her tears. would be no one to stay with the

ran himself."sheep.

"Anybody would run from that (Continued on page 661) 642 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Ralph Williams Hardy

19161957

by Wendell J. Ashton

He vigorously.was jumpingA ratherup andshortdownfellow, casters,manager ofandRadioas StationassistantKSL generalin Salt greetings.compositionsRalph'sof his ownincludedmaking. piano

he had clear, boyish blue eyes Lake City. Two years after Elder Hardy's reand pink cheeks. His golden blond In government and civic affairs, he turn from Britain, he baptized his

hair spilled over his brow and he held many positions of eminence. friend in the Salt Lake Tabernacle

was dressed in white. As his arms Among them was that of delegate to font. Today this friend, Frank S.

moved and his body vibrated, the two world conferences of UNESCO in Wise, is a member of the Sunday crowd moved with him. Montevideo, Uruguay, in 1954, and School general board. Those of us

That is my* first recollection of in New Delhi, India, in 1956. On the who served on missions with Ralph

Ralph W. Hardy. I had not met him. day following his death, he was and since have met with him often

But that picture of him as a high eulogized on the floor of the United have admired this Davidand-Jonaschool cheer leader has remained States Senate as a young man whose than friendship.

with me through some twentyfive "ability could have made him a great A prominent young physician reyears. national figure."called how Elder Hardy had taken an

Ralph Hardy had a charm and perThose who watched Ralph Hardy interest in him since the physician was a youth—how Ralph encouragedsuasion about him that people did not in action on the public scene were imhim and how, in Washington, D. O,forget. Through fortyone achievepressed with his ability. Fatherless

mentcrowded years he continued to at fourteen, he was known by many he took him to a dinner with Vice sway men and women with his for his tenderness and talents that President Nixon, members of the

Supreme Court, and the Cabinet.eloquence, and vigor, and a personincluded dramatics, organ playing,

"Of all Ralph's kindness none wasality that sparkled with brilliance, hiking, and composition of music.

more beautiful to witness than that to humor, and warmth. Ralph Hardy's call to a mission his grandmother and his mother in

Even after he was forty people comfor the Church brought a big turn their illnesses,"said a friend. "He

mented that he looked like a boy. He in his life. Pranks became preachwould rub his mother's arms for

was, compared with many of those ments, and his ability to sway people hours, it seemed, to ease her sufferwith whom he mingled in the upper really flowered in the rich soil of the ing. Busy as he was, he was never

eschelons of Church, government, and gospel. For months he toured the too rushed to be at her side frequentbusiness. But young as he was, he British Isles with a companion. They ly, and faithfully."

continued to influence the high and gave a demonstration of Hopi Indian There was nothing Elder Hardy the low—markedly. lore and customs and told the Book enjoyed more than his own family on

When death struck Elder Hardy of Mormon story. Many of their a hike from their summer home near

suddenly on August 6, 1957, after presentations were before businessthe headwaters of the Weber River water skiing on Pine View Reservoir men's luncheon groups. Ralph imin the pine and aspen covered hills

near Ogden, Utah, he had won a pressed big businessmen in England. of northern Utah.

legion of honors. In the Church, He continued to impress them for the And much of Ralph's achievement

his first love of activity, he had served rest of his days—in Salt Lake City, in belongs to the quiet, charming, and

as a member of the general superinSouth America, in India, and in the cultured woman who is his wife and tendency of the Young Men's Mutual halls where the world's great gathered mother of their five children—Maren

Improvement Association, as a general in Washington, D. C. In all his Eccles Hardy.

board member, as ward bishop, high movements he was a stalwart bearer The morning after Elder Hardy's councilman, chairman of the general of the standards of the Church. death a Salt Lake City businessman

chaplains committee of the Church, Among those Ralph met in Engsaid to a friend: "Ralph Hardy had

and as missionary in Great Britain. land was a young photographer, not a great future.""Yes,"said the

In the world of business, he was vice a member of the Church. After Elder other, "he had a great past, too."

president of Columbia Broadcasting Hardy returned to his home in Salt Thousands across the Church no

System, Inc. He had also served as Lake City, their friendship continued doubt share those sentiments. The

vice president of the National Associathrough correspondence. At Christgood he has done will reecho long

tion of Radio and Television Broadmas time they exchanged recorded after him.

SEPTEMBER 1957 643 "NEVER TO STAND AND WATT

(The Story of Dr. Iliff C. Jeffery)

by Gordon T. Allred

STAFF WRITER

down—the Their criesDr. Iliff C. Jeffery, Provo, recently elected Gaspingyoungerandtangledflailingdesperatelywater, thearoundtwo hisJefferybrother'sboys back.went

State of thepresident Utah Osteopathic became bubbles as the cold Delta Canal dragged at them. Light Association. Surgeons Physicians and

turned to dark. Suddenly hands seized the two, prving, separating.

It was Iliff, a third brother. "Let go! Let go!"Slowly the terrified

youth was wrested loose—lugged and

H>., shoved to the bank.

Freed, the older boy surfaced and stroked feebly to safety. He had overestimated his own strength. Never

again would he encourage anyone to straddle him for a swim across the deep hole. If it hadn't been for

Iliff Over thirty years have passed since that rescue—a heroic act for any

boy—especially a tenyear-old who

could not see.

Blind since an early age, Dr. Iliff

C. Jeffery has made a habit of meeting

every problem head on, always with a tranquil, unyielding purpose. The

rescue of his brothers in the irrigation canal was little more than a beginning. Today the Provo osteopath can

think back over forty years to the time when his problems really began—back over forty years to the time

of daylight, form, and color. Through

a child's eyes he can still see brothers

(Above) The Jeffery Family: (left to right)

James Iliff, LaVieve, Iliff, Connee, Leiloni.

(Below) Perhaps most important of all is the role he holds in his own home—

natural role as father and patriarch of his family.

644 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (Top left) Dr. Jeffery in his osteopathic

clinic, feeling the pointer's position to determine his wife's blood pressure.

(Bottom left) Among his many hobbies,

II iff is an inveterate fisherman. With his

fatherin-law, James A. Jesperson, he displays

a twentypound mackinaw in Fremont,

Wyoming.

(Top right) Iliff's loyal seeing eye dog,

Smudge, helped him navigate the campus at Kirksville.

(Bottom right) Leiloni was visibly proud when her father graduated from the Kirksville School of Osteopathy in 1944.

and sisters, dogs and horses, trees and sky.

It was 1912, in Delta, Utah, when

Ilifftime—theopenedfifthhisof eighteyes childrenfor the bornfirst

of Latterday Saint parents. When

he was only two, his father left a growing family to serve a mission in the northwestern states. Prior to departing, his father had borrowed $500

for grain seed. Two years later he

returned to find that his wife had not only repaid the loan, but was also $2000 ahead, with a sugar beet crop awaiting harvest. Embracing his

loved ones the elder Jeffery exclaimed, "Perhaps I should go on another mission!"Strange, that a material blessing *ifi"-'-s'E!

should bring sorrow—stranger perhaps, that sorrow should eventually

mold stalwart character. But, such

was the case. Before Iliff reached the hospital, his words of his mother, "He never

eye was beyond repair, and through stopped running."

insanitary infection treatment, an to adjustments make, he had What arrived, the sugar had and A utumn spread right the sightless eye from difficulties today, to what he have may*- ripe beets lay Jeffery on the left. farm. the of neglect lense the Because sightless fully only undercan the

For some reason, however, the usual adhered to the iris muscle, leaving stand. But Iliff grappled with loneliharvesters failed to appear. When the pupil unable to expand. Young ness and fear the day he enrolled in

efforts to obtain others were unsucIliff was left with ten percent vision the first grade at Utah's State School cessful, the entire Jeffery family left in the remaining eye. for the Deaf and Blind in Ogden.

other farm chores and went into the Only a year later while playing on fields. the floor with a brother, he lunged VI uring the next decade, except for

Amid singing and exuberant shouts, against a stove, jamming his "good"his summers at home, Iliff was the harvest got underway. It was at eye on the draft screw. Now even the visited rarely by his family. His first

that time, while the work was profaint, remaining light was gone. With year was a bleak one. He knew what

ceeding with zeal, that Iliff's life was three decisive strokes, total blindness it was to be frightened and lost—to

radically altered. Awkwardly topping had come. Iliff Jeffery was in the be bullied frequently by older stu-

a bulbous sugar beet, the fouryear- land of endless night. dents. For a while he floundered in

old strained at the fibrous core with a the dark, failing the first grade. The

pocket knife, pulling the blade inAt the time he was too young to be second year, however, he struggled ward. Suddenly the core gave, and greatly distressed. He recalls being forward, caught his stride, and kept

in one flickering instant, the knife hampered, occasionally frustrated, but fighting. Then he never stopped.

slipped, slashing his eye. never slowed down very long. In the (Continued on following page)

SEPTEMBER 1957 645 'Never to Stand and Wait"

(Continued from preceding page) ing blandly, "Well, I guess you'll be bleachers. They were holding hands

Having made his most difficult adwith us!"Irvin in the lead, Iliff following, surejustments, he began to excel scholas- "What?"came the reply. "What footed as a mountain goat.

tically, developing later into a speaker do you mean?"Occasionally, wellmeaning souls

...,"the principal paused, lamented that the blind Jeffery boyand fine singer. In the ninth grade "Oh

he was elected student body president. "didn't you know that you were only was being treated roughly by his

Despite his success, however, Iliff here on probation?"brothers. If he fell from his horse,

gradually became restless. He felt Only then did Iliff learn that H. E. his brothers grinned and kidded while

hemmed in. In the seventh grade, Maxfield, his bishop and president of he dusted off his pants and struggled

Iliff began requesting permission to the school board, had requested that back into the saddle. Iliff always

attend school in Delta, only to meet he be granted a sixweeks'trial period. grinned back. He needed no help

with rigid opposition. Even his parDuring that time he had been closely and wanted no coddling. Sympathy

ents were dubious. Undaunted, conobserved to see how he coped with and solicitation could better be saved

vinced that he could succeed on the problems—how he adjusted. for those with good eyes—who felt

outside, Iliff kept trying. Unknowingly, Iliff had passed one sorry for themselves.

It was a teacher in the School for of the biggest tests of his scholastic in high school a entered TJPThile he career. to his Iliff's adjusted initiated finally Blind He not onlythe who

bull ** Holstein in the LiveDelta inbut also plunged to his parrelease new environment a letter writing by ents. The teacher felt positive that to life itself, more dogged, more optistock Show two different years. The

their son could and should resume mistic than ever. first year it won fifth place; the seclife in normal surroundings. At last, At Delta he developed his singing ond, having grown from 600 to 1200

after ten years, Iliff was freed to meet talent, debated, and studied almost pounds, it became the Grand Cham- a world full of new challenges, to live fiercely. Indeed, it was time for Iliff pion.

a new life. to emerge from obscurity. The Grand Champion, -"King Tut,"

Returning home, however, he had In addition to his school activities, later indicated his appreciation for to contend with a reluctant school he led a normal, vigorous life on the months of patient devotion, grooming, board before commencing the tenth farm with his brothers. It was not and feeding by tossing Iliff through

grade at Delta High School. For a uncommon to see Iliff and his younger the manger. A few days later when

while it appeared that he would not brother, Irvin, recklessly galloping King Tut attempted the same trick, gain admittance. After lengthy detheir horses, side by side, across some Iliff seized a metal bar overhead,

bate, the board relented. rugged pasture. pulled himself up, and kicked out exOne afternoon, six weeks after he Spectators at a local rodeo one day plosively. His steelcapped boots

had enrolled, the Delta High princiwere aghast to see two figures plungstruck the startled beast on the nose.

pal clapped him on the shoulder, saying gleefully down a steep tier of Bawling in dismay, King Tut lumbered to the opposite side of the manger, only to be pursued and flogged with a piece of twoby-four.

The act was not really vengeful merely the most expedient way to teach a 1200 pound behemoth proper etiquette. Reflecting upon the incident years later, Iliff mused, "Tut was

just a bit frisky. He never bunted

me again."Although Iliff completed high school with top marks, he claims, "I never graduated; I was kicked out."The

school simply ran out of funds six weeks before the year's end, and outside teachers had to be hired for the remaining curriculum. When summer came, the graduates bade adieu

(Continued on page 658)

(Left) Today the Provo osteopath can think back over forty years to the time of daylight, form, and color. With brothers

and sisters, left to right (front row): Orvil F.,

Iliff C. (about two years old), Pearl; (back

row) Zerma, and Eldro E. Jeffery.

(Right) A superb wrestler, Iliff was team captain during his graduate study at Brigham Young University.

646 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA *A talk given at the Sunday afternoon session, MIA conference, June 16, 1957.

The Spirit

that Drives

by Forrest TJmberger

—Photo by H. Armstrong Roberts

Picture with me the thrill of the set our goals high and run to win. And shall find wisdom and great treasures

race. Great clouds of dust arise What are these goals that build a of knowledge, even hidden treasures;

as the sports cars whiz around the champion in the Church? They are, shallAndwalkshallandrunnotandfaint.not be weary, and

track. Vaughn Newman wins the gaining a testimony of the gospel And I, the Lord, give unto them a promise,

thirty laps in one minute and twentyfilling a mission; serving the Church that the destroying angel shall pass by them,

nine seconds. The Dodgers, the Yanks, attaining salvation; building health as the children of Israel, and not slay them.

the Red Sox, the Cards, and the and achieving success and happiness. (D & C 89:1821.)

Giants battle their way to the major In setting our goals we must look Rule No. 2: To gain spiritual

league title. A team of jets speed for a challenge. An easy task is not strength, live the gospel. If our goal

around the globe to break a new recfor champions. is to go on a mission, this is the rule

ord in our newly developed jet age. that will prepare us.

These are three examples of compeWho plows a field less large than he can do Rule No. 3: Follow the advice of

tition in which we have a keen interIs false unto himself and never true. others. We must learn to respect auest. We have what we may call a thority and welcome criticism.

competitive spirit. It is this spirit Now it is necessary that we set Rule No. 4: Practise regularly. If

that drives us on to greater accomforth training rules. we wish to become good speakers, we

plishment. It is this spirit that stimuRule No. 1: Observe good health must practise speaking every day. As

lates us to grow into greater men and rules. Our special Latterday Saint a runner must practise to develop his

women. We honor a champion. guide is the Word of Wisdom conlegs, so must we practise to develop

Let us consider a race in which tained in section 89 of the Doctrine our skill. A runner must work for

everyone can be a champion, because and Covenants. If we follow these the qualities of courage, good sportsit is not run against a competitor, rules we are given this wonderful manship, tolerance, and courtesy.

but against ourselves. It is not a race promise: In the race of life, we can help ourto record, break a world but a race

to better past records. our own We doAndtheseall sayings,saints whowalkingrememberin obedienceto keep andto selvesconsiderateby helpingenoughothers.to helpIf awecomare

shall call this race "the race of life."the commandments, shall receive health in petitor go forward, we ourselves surge

To become a champion we must their navel and marrow to their bones; ahead.

It is easy to follow the rules of a race if everything goes smoothly. But

if things go wrong, do we give up?

Handicaps have not discouraged some of our great winners; for example,

(Concluded on page 662) SEPTEMBER 1957 647 BSBfca*;; \ *

The Four Thousand Fed. Painting by Domenico Feti.—A Three Lions Photo

by Doyle L. Green

MANAGING EDITOR The Transfiguration

Again it was spring in the Holy had carried forth his work of preachtremely popular with most of the peoLand. The year, according to ing the gospel, choosing the disciples, ple, with the exception of the Jewish

many historians, was A.D. 29. and establishing the Church, in his leaders. But now his popularity was

About two and onehalf years had home province of Galilee. Many on the wane. He had prevented the

passed since Jesus had left his home journeys had he made throughout the people from attempting to make him in Nazareth and sought out John the territory; many miracles had he king following the feeding of the five

Baptist in the wilderness of Bethabara performed; many sermons had he thousand on the northeastern shores

to be baptized by him. Two years preached.* of the Sea of Galilee. He had preached

had come and gone and three PassDuring this time he had been exthe discourse to the multitude on the over feasts had been held since Jesus bread of life, predicted his death and had begun his ministry. During *Scriptural references in this article are from Matresurrection, and had deliberately

nearly all of that period, the Lord Johnthew 7,15, 16, 17, 18; Mark 6, 7, 8, 9; Luke 9, 10; tried to limit his followers to those

MIA READING COURSE: JESUS THE CHRISTXV

648 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA who really believed on his words and For three days the people were with "Centering into a ship the Savior had the desire to learn more about the him, and during that time if they had -4 crossed the Sea of Galilee as he gospel. The curious and those who had any food, it was all consumed. had done so many times before, to

were following him for their own Jesus felt sorry for the people and did the vicinity of Magdala on the westselfish interests had not been encournot want to send them back to their ern shore. Here the Pharisees and

aged to remain. He had knowingly, homes, fearing they might be overthe Sadducees tempted him by asking

and on a number of occasions, offended come by hunger on the way. When him to show them a sign from heaven.

the Scribes and the Pharisees, who he mentioned this to his disciples, unAnswering that a "wicked and adulwere seeking his death. But that time doubtedly they thought of the time terous generation seeketh after a

had not yet come. He had not yet not so long before, when Jesus had, sign,"Jesus told them that no sign

finished his work. He had not yet under similar circumstances, used his would be given.

completed the Church organization; great power to multiply food so that Turning to his disciples he said,

he had not yet accomplished all that the people could eat. They said to "Take heed and beware of the leaven

his Father had sent him forth to do. him, "Whence should we have so of the Pharisees and of the SadduWest and north of the province much bread in a wilderness, as to fill cees."They did not understand what

of Galilee, hugging the shores of the so great a multitude?"When Jesus he meant but recalled that they had

Mediterranean"Sea, was the country asked them how many loaves of bread failed to bring food with them from of Phoenicia. The main cities in this they had on hand, their answer was the other side of the lake and thought

land were Tyre and Sidon, and the "Seven, and a few little fishes."that the Master must have been recountry was sometimes called after As he had done on the previous ocferring to their carelessness. When

them. As the heat of spring and early casion, Jesus commanded the multiJesus realized their thoughts, he resummer became more oppressive, and tude to sit on the ground. He then minded them of the feeding of the

as the unrest of the Jewish leaders blessed the loaves and the fishes and five thousand and of the four thoubecame greater, Jesus left the vicinity gave them to his disciples, who passed sand. "How is it that ye do not

of the Sea of Galilee and went norththem to the multitude. understand that I spake it not to you

ward "into the coasts of Tyre and "And they did all eat, and were concerning bread, that ye should beSidon."But even when he was away filled: and they took up of the broken ware of the leaven of the Pharisees

from the main areas of Jewish populameat that was left seven baskets full. and Sadducees?"Finally they undertion, still the people, upon learning "And they that did eat were four stood that he was speaking of the

who he was, flocked around him. thousand men, beside women and doctrine of these Jewish leaders.

Among those who sought him out children."Among the miracles which took

when he was in the vicinity of Tyre After they were filled, Jesus sent place on this journey, the healing of and Sidon was a Canaanite woman. them away. (Continued on page 652)

She pleaded with the Savior to have mercy on her daughter who was "grievously vexed with a devil."

When Jesus had sent the twelve apostles to preach, he instructed them not to carry the gospel to the gentiles, but to go rather to the lost sheep of the house of Israel. Remembering

this his disciples encouraged him to send the woman away, but she was so persistent that Jesus said unto her, "O woman, great is thy faith: Be unto

thee even as thou wilt."When she

returned to her home, she found that her daughter had been cured.

IT'rom Phoenicia Jesus returned to * Galilee, through the land of Decapolis, which is the country north of the Sea of Galilee. This land was

named after ten Greek cities which had banded together for mutual defense.

It was in this area where the sec- "The Healing ol the ond miraculous feeding of the multiBlind Man."Painttudes occurred. While Jesus was "up ing by Carl Bloch.

into a mountain,"many people came to him bringing the lame, the blind, the dumb, the maimed, and many—Photo by Camera Clix

others. All of these Jesus healed, and

the people were so amazed that "they glorified the God of Israel."

SEPTEMBER 1957 649 How 280,000 people

at General Electric benefit from its progress

More than 200,000 new jobs have been created since 1939;

pay and benefits are up far in excess of the cost of living Harry Bowers, toolmaker at Schenectady, uses skills developed by inplant training.

In tlie last two decades employment at General Electric has been inOpportunities for selfdevelopment.

creasing at a rate six times as fast as in the nation as a whole, and the People at General Electric are encouraged company is now providing jobs for over 280,000 men and women. toability.developForthemselvesexample, tothe theircompanymaximumconThese are good jobs, and they are getting better. In 1939, the

average General Electric employee earned $2,026 a year including the value of benefit programs. Today he earns well over 2% times as

much, and that includes a broad package of pension, insurance, vacation, holiday, and other benefits that give him better economic security and personal satisfaction.

Jobs from serving customers One significant force behind this progress for employees is the desire of everyone at General Electric to attract and serve customers.

This means, for example, a continuing investment in research and development to assure a constant stream of new and improved products. In this area, General Electric is spending more than three times

as much, per sales dollar, as the average manufacturing company.

In this process, many new jobs have been created. We estimate that

over onethird of the men and women at General Electric work on William Thomas, Bloomfield, N. J., has a

products the company did not make in 1939. And thousands more jobs good start toivard family financial security.

were created as existing products were continually improved—imAid toward family protection. Under Genprovements that attracted new customers and made electricity still eral Electric's insurance plan, employees

more useful in American homes, farms, and industries. also can have life insurance and income

protection in case of sickness or accident.

Jobs through planning ahead Progress for employees is spurred, too, when General Electric takes the risks necessary to expand and modernize productive facilities.

The willingness of 376,000 share owners to continue modernization and expansion programs means that General Electric is investing more than $500 million in the period 1956 through 1958—an investment

to serve customers better that can, in turn, create even more employment opportunities and greater job security.

On these pages are some of the ways General Electric is trying not only to improve the jobs of all the men and women of the company, but also to offer more of the personal satisfactions that mean a better life for them and their families.

Progress Is Our Most Important Product Jeanette Wenzel at Evendale, O., is acquiring shares in the company she works for.

Employee share ownership. The General

Electric Savings and Stock Bonus PlanGENERAL ELECTRIC offers employees the opportunity to become share owners. 150,000 are participating.

Lowell Lepisto at Ft. Wayne, Ind., gets Jennie Barlow has a better work area, more David Goldstein, Lynn, Mass.: G-E group

more professional training in engineering. light since modernization at Everett, Mass. insurance paid $8,000 of his medical bills.

ducts over 1,000 courses in factory skills, Clean, safe place to work. General ElecAssistance in meeting medical expenses.

500 courses for technical and professiontric is constantly engaged in studies and By paying part of the cost, General Elecal personnel, and spends about $40 million investment to make working conditions in tric offers employees and their families each year to train or to retrain employees. plants cleaner, safer—and more efficient. an inexpensive medical insurance plan.

Bruce Glenn and his wife welcome his Thomas Marshall, sales engineer at BaltiJames Creamer is now manager of finance $1,570 suggestion award at Richland, Wash. more, represents G.E. to electric utilities. for an $11 million operation at Syracuse.

Reward for good ideas. Over $7 million Positions of responsibility. For those employees who want and can handle increased

has been paid to General Electric men responsibilities, General Electric offers opportunities in a wide variety of fields. In an

and women for constructive ideas since our average year, more than 25,000 men and women take advantage of companycon-

Suggestion Plan was formalized in 1922. ducted courses that are designed to help prepare employees for more responsible jobs.

wirs

Milton Hall, maintenance man at Appliance Park, Louisville, recently bought a home. Stanley Sullivan, Erie, Pa., is retired and

His wife's new kitchen includes many electrical appliances made where he works. has more time for his hobby, ceramics.

Higher real pay. Compensation at General Electric is interpreted broadly to include Help toward retirement security. General

not only monetary returns, but also the value of benefit programs. Since 1939, the rise Electric's pension plan, to which both emin average annual earnings (wages and benefits) of the people at General Electric is ployees and the company contribute, was

far in excess of the rise in the cost of living. Average earnings set a new record in 1956. substantially improved again in 1.955.

self, and take up his cross, and follow me. "For whosoever will save his life shall lose it: and whosoever will lose

his life for my sake shall find it.

is a man profited, if he Ifi "For what shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul? or what shall a man

give in exchange for his soul?"

About a week following this event,

Jesus took with him his three chief apostles Peter, James, and John "up into an high mountain apart."

Here a marvelous event took place, wherein these three great and blessed men were given the privilege of seeing something of the glory of God. While

they watched, Jesus was "transfigured."The accounts say that his

face shone as the sun and his clothes were as white as the light. While he

appeared thus gloriously before them, they also saw the great prophets

Moses and Elias talking with him.

Luke tells that they spoke of his—Wilde's Bible Pictures coming death and what should hapThe demoniac boy, a detail from the Transfiguration by Raphael. pen at Jerusalem.

Even more wonderful, a bright cloud came over them, and the disci- a voice of the cloud out heard The Transfiguration ples

Son: saying, beloved "This is my

(Continued from page 649) of the kingdom of heaven: and whathear ye him."*

a blind man at Bethsaida received soever thou shalt bind on earth shall Realizing that they were actually special mention. After his sight was be bound in heaven: and whatsoever hearing the voice of God, Peter, James,

restored, he was instructed by the thou shalt loose on earth shall be and John fell down on their faces in

Lord not to go into the town nor to loosed in heaven."fright.

tell anyone about it. He then instructed his disciples to "And Jesus came and touched them,

Jesus again turned his footsteps tell no man that he was Jesus the and said, Arise, and be not afraid.

north, past Lake Merom and up to Christ. He knew that his time was "And when they had lifted up

the pleasant and wooded areas surlimited. He knew that the Church, their eyes, they saw no man, save

rounding Mt. Hermon, the highest after he was gone, as long as it surJesus only."

mountain in the area. vived and when it was reestablished, What an experience for these three

While they were in the vicinity of could function only if the heavens chosen disciples of the Lord to have

Caesarea Philippi, Jesus uttered some were open. It is the rock of revelation had! It was so glorious and impreswords which have special meaning to upon which the Church is built, even sive that they must have wished that

us. After he had asked his disciples as Peter received his testimony of the they could immediately tell their fel-

"Whom do men say that I the Son Lord through revelation. low disciples, their families, and their

of man am?"they answered that some friends, but they were restrained from

sayso as them, charged doing "Jesus latter part the of the sumthat sayingwere was he John the During until vision ing, Tell the to no man, Elias, earlyBaptist, others autumn, Jesus and Jeremer some and mias, or one of the prophets. seemingly spent much of his time in the Son of man be risen again from

"But whom say ye that I am?"he the area around Caesarea Philippi the dead."

asked them. teaching his disciples and preparing

Answering for the disciples, Simon them for carrying on the work when THhe Mount of Transfiguration is

Peter said "Thou art the Christ, the he was no longer with them. Among *- popularly supposed to be Mt.

Son of the living God."the things he stressed was that he Hermon, which is situated some forty

"Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona:"would suffer many things in Jerumiles north and just a little east of

the Lord responded, "for flesh and salem and finally be killed, and after the Sea of Galilee and about fifteen blood hath not revealed it unto thee, three days be raised again. This was miles from the city of Caesarea Philipbut my Faticr which is in heaven. hard for the disciples to understand, pi. The mountain is nine thousand

"And I say also unto thee, That and on one occasion Peter said, "Be fifty feet high, and its crown is the thou art Peter, and upon this rock I it far from thee, Lord: this shall not highest spot in all of Syria. It is inwill build my church: and the gates be unto thee."After rebuking Peter (Continued on page 666)

of hell shall not prevail against it. he said to his disciples, "If any man "This is according to the records of Mark and

"And I will give unto thee the keys will come after me, let him deny himLuke.Son, in Matthew'swhom I amaccountwell reads:pleased;"Thishear isye myhim."beloved

652 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA What are you doing these days?

Your life must be pretty full and wonderful.

It is. And I have been able to visit

CHARLOTTE SHEFFIELD soLongmanyBeach.wardsI thinkin HollywoodI'm goingandto

talk in Sacrament meeting this Sunday.

girls about your exMISS USA LatterdayIf you couldSaint say one thing to all perience, what would you say?

You are always being watched, not by Eileen Gibbons only by our Father in heaven but also doesn't MANUSCRIPT EDITOR by everyone around you—it

matter whether you are in a position such as I am in or whether people know you just as a Mormon girl.

What do you think will emerge from this experience as most lastingly worth while?

Perhaps one of the most lasting memories will be that I was able to let these girls, girls from all over the

United States and the rest of the world, know how proud I am to be a member of the Church.

They were spontaneous, sincere answers based on a love for the gospel which is important every day of

Charlotte's life.

Charlotte is a Salt Lake City girl, twentyone years old, and the eldest in a family of three girls and two boys.

She lives in Douglas Ward, Bonneville Stake, where the Sheffields are known as active, loyal members.

To bishops everywhere, the word supporter has special meaning, and it is with this word that Bishop Parley

P. Giles describes Charlotte. She

attends her meetings regularly, pays her tithing, and serves enthusiastically in the auxiliaries. She earned six individual awards while in her teens.

Among other appointments, she has served as MIA music director and

Junior Sunday School chorister. A

young woman with dramatic and vocal talents, Charlotte has appeared in several Douglas Ward roadshows, as soloist with the ward choir, in a stake operetta, in Salt Lake City as member of a quartet and as a soloist,—Photo by Albert R. Kclch and in dramatic productions.

While a busy participant in University of Utah campus activities, she

OF sociatedthe excitementwith herandselectionwonder asas wouldworld wholikely dosurprisenot understandthose in thethe tookligion coursesand participatedat the Institutein its offuncRe-

Miss USA, many memories will heart of a faithful daughter of Zion: tions as a member and officer of

undoubtedly emerge and remain with You have met a lot of people, Lambda Delta Sigma fraternity.

Charlotte Sheffield for the rest of her Charlotte. What stands out as you As is true with all loyal Latterday

life. look back on these many contacts? Saints, Charlotte's love for the Church

Yet Charlotte Sheffield, during the Nothing thrilled me as much as to goes beyond activity and attendance.

height of her excitement, gave to some have someone say to me, "I know The humility and firmness with which very ordinary questions some extraother Mormons. They are the most she acknowledges the blessings of the

I have ever met"(Continued on page 669)ordinary answers—answers which wonderful people

SEPTEMBER 1957 653 To Be a King

(Continued from page 631) having scrutinized his position from naturally lighthearted Martha to shall return and humbly confess my every angle, with outstretched arms possess.

error and plead for forgiveness; if toward the light, he cried aloud, in "I would go only too gladly, but

not, I shall come only when invited."anguish of spirit: Ruth does not want me as I am, and

He tried to say goodbye as he left "What am I to do? What stern in spite of all my struggles I am unher, but his lips refused to function. necessity for answer? But heaven is able to change my nature or my beThough almost fainting, she made a silent, or has it already spoken by lief."

gesture to call him back, but words the mouth of the Nazarene?""Your belief? What do you mean?"

failed her also, and he passed out Gradually the great eternal truth The young nobleman hesitated.

of the garden. was impressing itself upon his heart However, Martha's interest was so

For several days and nights after that heaven, having once spoken, regenuine that it seemed unkind to his interview with Ruth, David mains mute until obedience is renwithhold the information she sought.

neither ate nor slept. He pondered dered. "As I said, it is a personal matlong over some of Ruth's arguments. ter, but your sincere desire to assist

I story. to right in believing impels that us tell the whole"Am me this /kNE evening brooding as David was

ofman, lowly, to consider the I ask however, you, companion himMay his troubles -/ over and makingself a it reviled poor, confidential?"apparently and

despised by so many, is the Messiah?"pretense of dining, his servant, HasMartha nodded.

David's honest, incisive mind would san, announced that a young woman Then David related his experience permit no evasion. The question was at the door and wished to see with the Nazarene, the reasons which

must be answered. him. His heart bounded joyously prompted him to seek this strange

Some of his friends, and among with the thought that it might be teacher, and the effect it had had them people of intelligence and probRuth. The caller, however, was upon him and also upon Ruth.

ity, viewed the Nazarene as a trickster; Martha, Ruth's closest friend. "Why, David,"the astonished girl

others credited him with sincerity, "Do not condemn me too harshly, said, "you could never be king of but charged him with fanaticism and David, for my unseemly conduct in Judea if you followed this man's selfdelusion. coming here with my maid, but I counsel."

Carefully he analyzed all the statemust speak with you without delay; "I know that only too well. Never

ments ever made in his hearing about and since I did not want father to having seen the Nazarene, naturally this man. Lebanah, in whose judg: know of our interview, it was not you cannot appreciate my feelings,

ment on such matters David had imconvenient to have you call on me. but with the conviction of his divinity

plicit confidence, was convinced that Can we go into the garden to talk?"filling my whole soul, what can I

this Jesus was the promised Messiah. Hassan carried chairs into a quiet do?"

Solemnly the young man crosscorner under a stately cypress tree. "I must put the same question to

examined himself: The servant's courtesy and his young you. What can I do, for I have met

"If he is the Messiah, am I going master's evident pleasure at seeing this stranger more than once and am, to follow his counsel? I possess her relieved the girl of much embarlike you, deeply impressed."

wealth, more of it than I can ever rassment. When they were seated "You have met the Master and beuse; the honor of men, far beyond and Hassan had retired, she began lieve in him?"David asked in surwhat I deserve. But is the honor of eagerly: prise.

men or the attainment of riches the "I have just come from a long visit "Yes, and my belief has already summit of human achievement? with Ruth and must tell you of it. caused a serious difference with my

"By accepting his advice one must David, what has arisen between you? father; but this does not enable me

become an outcast; but, excluded from It is easy to see that something is to give you any advice. It really

the society of former friends, may one wrong, but she will not tell me what. makes your problem appear more

not walk in God's presence? Indeed, she made a brave effort to difficult."

"But I am useful in my present pretend that nothing was amiss, but "Martha, to think of giving up sphere, and opportunities for doing her reticence after all the confidences Ruth or renouncing my belief is like good to my people will soon be multi- I have given her hurt me keenly."being torn asunder, but it appears

plied. The voice of prophecy de- "Something is amiss,"he admitted, one or the other is inevitable."

clared to Lebanah that I should be a "but it is purely a personal matter.""In some respects I know Ruth

king, and the will of heaven may be The girl was deeply troubled. "Of better than you do. She is vastly

thwarted if I follow the Nazarene. course I have no right to pry into proud of her handsome sweetheart

Was this what Lebanah had in mind your private affairs, but Ruth and I and would be disappointed should when he warned me of impending have been inseparable companions you lose your popularity, for she has danger? 'Act wisely'was his admonisince childhood, until you began to built up high hopes of seeing you on

tion. And is it wise to forsake the absorb so much of her attention. It a throne. She is generous and gives

known for the unknown?"grieves me that she is so unhappy. freely to those in need; but more than

All night long in his magnificent Whatever the difference is, David, any other person I ever knew she gardens this man of wealth waged she needs you, and you will see her, loathes poverty, or rather the effects battle wtih himself. In the cold gray I am sure. You must."of it. Dozens of times when we have

of morning, exhausted by continuous He detected a depth of seriousness seen a beggar or a person in rags she struggling and thinking and praying, which he had never suspected the (Continued on page 656) 654 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The BIG

,.. big in

personalities!

entertainment!

programming!

keep tuned to radio 50,000 WATTSSL CBS FOR THE MOUNTAIN WEST

1160 on your dial

SEPTEMBER 1957 655 lo Be a King

(Continued from page 654) that he had renewed his effort to win you, and it would be a tragedy should has remarked that such a condition her and had charged her with disthis difference go too far. David, you

was something she could never carding him for a richer and more must win her back!"

endure. influential lover. This was unjust, "And forget the obscure and al-

"You not only have yourself to for, as you know, she never gave him most unknown carpenter? That

consider,"Martha continued, "but encouragement. Knowing of her enshould be an easy thing to do, should

this dear girl as well. She expected gagement to you, why should he venit not?"

to be a queen, and now you are offerture to make love to her again? "To one who has not seen this obing her poverty, the thing she abhors. Doubtless his advances were repulsed, scure carpenter, yes; but not to you

Her husband was to be a popular and he became angry, for she exand to me! What will Haran say

king, beloved by his subjects; now it pressed the fear that Zebulon in his when he knows? You and he are

appears she must marry an outcast. vindictive mood might bring ridicule very intimate, but please do not say

You can hardly blame her if she or even disgrace upon you. This anything to him about my belief.

hesitates or even declines to continue amused me. Why did you not go After the scene with my father, I feel

the engagement."to the Nazarene in secret as my Uncle unequal to another. Oh, David,

"I do not blame Ruth,"David said. Nicodemus did?"David, what are you to do and what

"Her course is a natural one; but I "First of all, because it is my nature am I?"

rejoice that you confirm my judgment to live openly. And probably if I

Iregarding motives, the Nazarene. analyzed thoroughly However, my

after conversaMartha's days A few this past to praise solve help does not probexpected had him me my my *- tion a meeting with David, was life,lem. other people were have would do you What you as so many

in my place?"done, and tell me to go on in much held in the city to consider matters

"Not more than you have done, the same manner. The thought did of state. Elihu, Haran, Zebulon, and

probably not as much. Why not see occur that he might chide me for my David were among the officials presthe Nazarene again?"quick temper which I have honestly ent. Long nights of sleeplessness and

"There was such disappointment in tried to subdue. As a knelt at his prayer and days of uncertainty, many

of them spent in fasting, had left theirhis eyes as I turned away that I never feet and looked up in his face, I—

want to see him again unless I can "David, did you, almost a king, imprint upon the latter's countenance.

show my willingness to follow his literally and in public kneel at the But now his pale features were changcounsel."feet of a carpenter? And, yet when ing subtlely; a mellowing influence

"Then why not seek advice from I think of the majesty of the man I enveloped him, gradually dissipating

Lebanah?"do not wonder. But my dear friend, the gloom.

"I have had my servants looking I fear you have been very imprudent. When the business of the day was

everywhere for him, but he seems to That alone might ruin you."concluded, Elihu said to him:

have disappeared from the face of "The ineffable love awakened at "David, you were under discussion the earth. No; apparently this is my my first sight of the man overcame before you came in, and a statement

battle, and I must fight it alone. But me, and I knelt unconsciously and was made which I think should be

tell me more about Ruth."was surprised at myself for doing so. contradicted. It was reported that

"She was walking among the To me the man is irresistible. He you are in danger of infection from

flowers when I called, and not for a was the king, and I was the diffident the vile disease now being spread by moment have I been able to forget supplicant. But Martha, I am much that carpenter from Nazareth. Tell

the sadness of her face. It shocked disturbed about Ruth. If I cannot us what foundation there can be for

me. Zebulon called on Ruth this reestablish myself with her, would such a story."

afternoon. He left as I came, and I it be possible for Zebulon to win her The young man's face flushed, then

hope my coming hastened his going."love?"became pallid as he saw the eyes of

By a motion of her hand Martha The girl pondered over the question. all in the room turned inquiringly

stayed the angry words which were "A woman's heart is an inscrutable upon him. Some of the faces maniupon David's lips. She paused as thing even to her nearest friends, and fested curiosity, others amusement,

though a sudden thought had come in this case there are so many things some scorn, while that of Zebulon disto her. "Does Zebulon know of your which must be considered. If Ruth closed his hatred. One countenance

visit to the Nazarene?"feels that you love what she feels is alone, that of Haran, bore evidence

"I think not. However, on second an absurd whim more than you do of deep sympathy and understanding.

thought it is possible, for there were her, naturally she will feel resentful, David did not reply until his feel- a number of people about, and I and that would make the situation ings were perfectly under control.

made no secret of the matter. Some dangerous. Zebulon is very polished "I might deceive you,"he said at

of his followers or even he himself and has winning ways. If sincere in length, "by answering, and with the

might have seen me. Why do you nothing else, he is sincere in his adutmost truth, that there is absolutely

ask?"miration for Ruth, and in such a suit no danger of my being infected with

"If he does know, it might be an he would be spurred on by his dislike any vile disease coming out of explanation of something Ruth said of you and his desire to triumph Nazareth; but you are entitled to the

during our conversation. I teased over you. What the final result utmost frankness and to know my

her at first about flirting with Zebuwould be I cannot say. But I have exact position, and therefore I admit

lon in your absence. She admitted never seen such love as Ruth has for (Continued on page 658)

656 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Fall is an ideal time to travel east—colorful autumn leaves, new

Broadway shows, delightful weather and cool, crisp evenings.

And the ideal way to get there is on a smartly appointed

Union Pacific Domcliner. Your pleasure begins

the moment you step aboard. You'll relax all the way...

enjoy delicious dining car meals... the luxury of the lounge...

have servants at your command... save your car and your nerves...

and arrive refreshed and ready for business, sightseeing or fun!

Need help with your travel plans? We're at your service UNION

PACIFIC anything from planning your itinerary to arranging for a RAILROAD

Hertz rental car if you wish. Let us explain the

moneysaving Family Fares, too, and the Rail Travel Credit Card

which makes it unnecessary to carry large amounts of cash.

For information, reservations, tickets, or help with your travel plans, see your nearby Union Pacific Railroad

Union ticket agent.

SEPTEMBER 1957 657 To Be a King

(Continued from page 656) all I hear, no words, however severe, present course, which for the moment that the Nazarene, as he is called, has could do this creature an injustice."at least is nothing more than a course

made a deep impression upon me."The old man arose, walked over to of investigation."

Elihu was startled. "A deep imhis friend, and gazed into the tense "But danger lurks in such investigapression? You surely have not given face. Love was visible on the wrinkled tion."

serious thought to this mountebank's features, and his eyes filled with tears "Why should it be so dangerous?"

absurd claims?"as he noted the evidence of a tre- "It has proved so to others."

The feeling of resentment by such mendous conflict. "I am convinced that the real peril

a term being applied to the Master "My boy,"he said, "I plead with lies in failure to investigate."

smothered thewas to by give young not man. you such heresy any

err; that "In I pray, guided, be you "Yes, given I have serious I in place them thoughts. your love you

riper experience cast by from and myconsideration, sufficient as have and beson."own my

all of this thought you blasphemer."lief in friend, him, to old dear for asking; are be my "You something

ever seen "Have you him whom yougrieved at your honest words, which seem which no man can give—harsh by these names?"unjust."to me very promise that I will act contrary to my call

"David, I would not willingly be conscience. Something which I can- "No, I never have."

unjust even to a galley slave; but from not define impels me to pursue my (To be continued)

Never to Stand and Wait

(Continued from page 646) plied, "If you were to close your eyes, be her husband before there was ever toceremony—notheir alma mater,last rites,literallyno capswithoutand youdoor."couldn'tOnly evena shortmaketimeit outbefore,the anyWhilelogicalworkingindication.in Salt Lake City,

gowns. while practice teaching, Iliff had sucshe became ill and returned to her

For that reason, cap and gown ceeded in amazing the class, when home in Tucson, Arizona. During

ceremonies held little appeal for Iliff his keen ears had picked up the sound her recovery, she and her prospective during his later education. "Maybe of cards being shuffled and stacked spouse conducted a mail courtship.

I should have started wearing them on a rear desk. Calling the culprit More than one person attempted to

earlier,"he says. by name, Iliff had said, "Pick up your discourage LaVieve in her matricards and bring them up to the desk."monial plans. An employer in TucTollowing high school, he enrolled Denied the promised employment, son even threatened to fire her for

* at Brigham Young University unsure what course to follow, Iliff such rashness.

with his brother Eldro and sister, might have been justified in feeling Her family, of course, harbored cerPearl. The three financed their way angry and depressed. Nonetheless, tain misgivings. Deeply concerned,

by selling milk and baled hay. he continued his schooling and reher father once asked her to contemChoosing the right courses was not fused to become disillusioned. plate carefully the consequences of

During his junior year, in 1934, marriage to a blind man. LaVieve,easy for the sightless Jeffery boy. Ever

since Iliff had lost his sight, his father Iliff had been in need of a reader. her eyes bright, replied, "I have,

... Iliff won't be blind in theadmonished: "You must decide soon People were paid by the State VocaDad.

Rehabilitation for to read the next world."to diffitionalwhat do in you want life"—a blind. After some searching found he Except for Iliff's brief visit in June,cult decision for a young man. many

in aid a young woman, LaVieve Jesring, they with an saw engagement that job there time were no At person, a then freshman. LaVieve, of other until nothing each December

Iliff for blind.catalogs the began attractive an brunette, for read him 22, 1935. they following day The to switchedstudying then commerce, from to September February, when in the married Temple. Arizona weresocial religious science education. and

left she for school Salt in employment

Later, a received school he high City. Lake at Tliff study continued graduate

certificateteaching teacher and began * their together, During months University, Brigham and Youngtraining. a promised had been He dating, the however, two begun had his achievements, among was many position, laterteaching but denied was

it providential that they and seemed captain of the wrestling team. madethe opportunity the administrawhen attracted to should each be other and a grappling opponent While huskytion changed.

later blesshis patriarchal marry. In Iliff his day, one back and wrenched

During a conversation with Iliff the ing, Iliff had been promised dreams later underwent osteopathic treatman in charge of teacher employment and visions. Through personal revement.

had flatly stated that a blind man lation he knew that LaVieve was to It was while the capable hands simply could not do an adequate job. be his wife—even when she rejected manipulated Iliff's back that a new

"If I were to close my eyes,"he dehis first date requests. Likewise Lafuture seemed to unroll. Would it

clared, "I couldn't expect to go in and Vieve had been promised that she be possible, he wondered, for a blind begin teaching those students anywould have a special calling—that man to become an osteopathic physithing."she would marry someone extraordician?

Understandably miffed, Iliff renary, and she knew that Iliff would (Concluded on page 660) 658 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Utah peaches sweetened with U and I Sugar are delicious. U and

I Sugar not only acts as a sweetening agent but helps to preserve the natural flavor, shape and texture of fruit. You'll find U and I

** also helps to bring out the full rich flavor of fresh fruits. Order

your U and I canning sugar today—you can't buy a finer, purer,

whiter sugar anywhere.

Get the big 10-, 25-, 50-, or 7 00fb. bags for canning time

WilBtjii,

IB! f C-IEfSUGAR sum

y,, FINE GRANULATED sugar sugar c sugar SUCJQT y

SEPTEMBER 1957 659 Never to Stand and Wait (Concluded from page 658) had crossed over a difficult mountain, cronies. A twenty -five pound mackis displayed on the wall He posed the question aloud. His and done it without a stumble. He inaw trout

of real anglingbenefactor was encouraging, but cauhad found himself. in his office—evidence

tious. Osteopathy, he said, would Today Dr. Jeffery operates one of prowess.

not only involve the intensive trainUtah's top osteopathic clinics in His hobbies range all the way from ing of a medical student, but special Provo within his own home. His mechanics, carpentry, plumbing, and

courses in manipulation as well. This patients are many, and some of them electrical repair to singing, writing

would be an undertaking which travel long distances to be treated poetry, and playing melodies on wood many, with no physical handicap, had under his hands. saws. He once performed on the

failed. Regarding his flourishing profesMajor Bowes Amateur Hour, and was

as in offered later Tucson employment "I have simply: says Jeffery sion, Dr. Iliff on, pondered time that From singer. Jeffery Dr. professional a the to trying do practice, built my completincreasingly. ideathe Upon as car of his parts motor the knows I patients would of job on kind my a hising graduate work, became he in his as bones the well knows he to me."do on them want thespecialized case worker among the passing people Occasionally body.

leads abunan family Jeffery Salt City. The inblind was Lake He to startled are at night Jeffery home the get to how dant as difficult cases,given and the most life—knowing tinkering industriously a see man as well as recreation, their from most his capably.usual, performed duty car the unaided by hood, under away hobbies, his many their work. AmongStill, to an urge the growing become laid light. years out ago, he Some fisherman. is inveterate an Jeffery Dr. dissatisfied.osteopath kept him in for a of all the plumbing home handler, boat excellent an LaVieve, of Kirksthe Eventually, learned he Salt City. Lake piloted once along, and goes oftenville of SurOsteopathy School and continually been has Jeffery Dr. a safety during to Iliff father his and last in the Missouri, onlygery and past in the active For the Church. Reservoir. Strawberry storm on its stuto of blindschool admit kind Special six years, has been he MIA said, has Iliff, fatherin-law his Of school,dents. a such Attending howFif- for Fourth, Interest leader the catch longer and stay out can "Docever, require than more would money in teenth, Bonneville wards and

I know."fish than any man more Iliff possessed. ever His quandary had taught past has the In he Provo.

tofish cronies his and "Doc"When B. to Elder Haroldbecame known assistant School, an been Sunday tackle repairs the damaged gether, he of of Council Twelve, the theLee of seven- a president the scoutmaster, hands with motors boat reluctant and his priesthood that suggestedwho misstake ties served a and quorum, his of those deft than far more Iliff help. then might wasquorum sion.

a seventy, serving a stake mission. A man of unending talents and

Gordon Affleck, his bishop, helped energy, he was recently elected presiinduce the seventies quorum to prodent of the Utah State Osteopathicvide $300—enough to give Iliff a HIS POCKETS HELD THE NATION'S Physicians and Surgeons Association

start. Later, during Iliff's graduate WEALTH during an annual convention in

year, his tuition was paid by the State By Beulah M. Huexj Wyoming.

Rehabilitation.Vocational all, of important most Perhaps wealth the nation's held a lad who was Missouri, Ue arrived in Jefferys his in The holds role he the picked however, chips chert pockets: trouser In daughter, threeyear-old theirwith father as role natural own brooks from home—ais

Leiloni—optimistic and almost penniWhose music sang in silver through his and patriarch of his family. Regardless. Some time after their arrival, days; ing his handicap, the family displays

LaVieve was placed in charge of the Snail shells from mossy woods, where red an attitude of understanding and called birds susjob whichmedical would Sympathy library—a and sleepy squabs were fed, and matterof-factness. To mates, arduous next during the tained them for a man seem highly inappropriate homes

years. Were built, and joyousness poured out in of such fiber.

song. his diffiIliff attacked immediately can is the genuine father, who He pockets held some chalk, a pencil, His soon overcoming cult studies and was even of admiration, smiles feel wifely string

obstacles that would have turned back From school, and lunch, a nut for squirthough he cannot see them, the father many another man. Often he studied rels, whose young son will leap astride his

with an LDS friend, Ben Allen. Ben A piece of paper with some magic script, back, anxious for a playful tussle,

dog blue glass, texts fishing hook, a bright the bulky anatomy read A would will embrace daughters two hairs alIliff, retain to trained aloud, and lap, sit his to on younger whosehim—the the flattened pennies on Towser, From rewould he heard most every word keys. for car the to The ask the older rails.

peat the material to his companion, They held a telescope, through which the priesthood pervades, and love abounds.

driving the ideas home. world The future smiles for Provo's fortyCame close, all goldengloried sky at dawn, fouryear-old osteopath. He knows

will see again. In During his years at Kirksville, Iliff AllAll windtossedpurple-shadowedtrees andlake shiningat mistyPleiadeseve, that one day he dispelled many doubts regarding He held all wealth that mattered within the meantime, life is to be lived—full

a blind man's potential. He was reach, of new experiences, new challenges.

graduated an osteopathic physician in All happiness—that bubbled up for speech. Unlike the blind people in Milton's

the top ten percent of his class and poem, Iliff Jeffery will never be conwas honored a Psi Sigma Alpha. Iliff tent to "only stand and wait."

660 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Noise The Big page 642) for CHILLY (Continued from

Pedro stoked up the fire. Sage

clumps make a quick, hot blaze and then die out fast. You can make a

stove red hot with them, and the fire will be out in a few minutes. Rachel

put her finger in the dishpan and drew it out in pain. The dishwater

was hot. It has to be hot after mutton stew, for the tallow is like candle

wax to get off. At home I always

washed and Rachel wiped, because of her tender hands. But Pedro took

a little stick with a rag tied on the end and stirred the dishes around in the pan. They made quite a clatter.

And perhaps it was because of this MILD

WESTERN clatter that hear what we didn't was NALLEYS of outside. Allgoing on a sudden CON STYLE

anxiousSnooks the whinny, raised an CARNEpinto squealed, hoofand we heard CHILIAutumn days call for something extra in nutribeats come down hard on the baked ground. Pedro got to the door in tious food—Nalley's Chili Con Came!

time to see two horses, their necks Serve your family big, steaming bowls of EXTRA HOT stretching out and in, their manes Nalley's Chili Con Carne. Two stylesone just MEXICAN STYLE

arching up and down, and their tails right for you. Both made with lots of topgrade

pointing straight back—running with lean beef... tender, plump beans.

all their frenzied might back toward the draw. Pedro shouted after them it it's NALLEY'S... it's Good!

in Spanish and whistled shrilly in

American. The pinto tried to stop

and obey, but Snooks was too much for her. Together they were soon out BIND YOUR

of view because they were traveling wind, facing and thedown wagon was I provement Erasthe other did way. not Pedro crane

his neck to follow them. He reached for years of future use

down to the wheel and caught up the grub ax in his hand. ONLY

"Pedro he ees play the fool! He $Too

lose hees dog, he lose hees horse, he lose hees gun."plus postage—at

That was right. His gun was gone, DESERET

too. It was strapped securely to the

saddle gear of the pinto. And since NEWS PRESS

the horses were headed for the draw, it meant that the draw was clear. It

meant that they knew it was clear. The valuable instruction and reference Distance from Salt Lake City, Utah Rate

will >-j Improvement Era in matter his Stepping backward, arms behind miles., to, 150 The, be.,Up—4J for, form. in., volume,bound close at hand keeping his eyeshim, the door, beyond ml 'es 49 to 150 30 year's if have each you use future

Pedro pushed us farther back in the issues handsomely bound by the Deseret 300 to 600 miles 59 is necesplus cost Press. The $3 News miles 73 1000 oQ0 to with hands. wetwagon brown 12 bound. issues for each sary postage

fQ 8g UQQ with }QQQ be accompanied orders All must "But hees knife. Pedro he no lose miles to 1.06 1400 1800 following in the advance. Use payment

Thee knife he ees gude friends with rate guide to determine postage costs. Over 1800 miles 1.23

Pedro."From somewhere near where

the shirt bloused into the levis he drew a long flashing blade. Then he Press Deseret News crouched down on his short legs and BINDERS THE WEST'S FINEST PRINTERS AND

waited. 31 RICHARDS STREET EMpire 4-2581 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH (To be concluded) SEPTEMBER 1957 661 The Spirit That Drives

(Concluded from page 647) Ben Hogan, who was recovering from a serious automobile accident, was stricken with a thrombosis which his life again. never He everything threatened

to rerecovered and gave up hope sume playing championship golf.

for the as,Anotherwon hergreatfirstathlete,great Babefight Zahariagainst cancer and made a brilliant comeback, bride dreadalthoughdisease.eventuallyThe miler,dyingGlennfromCunthe

ningham, was burned severely on the at legsdeterminedwhen hetowasbe averyrunner,small.andHestrugwas

gled and trained until he was a winner.

When a runner faces a muddy track, a strong headwind, and stiff competition, he redoubles his efforts and summons all of his reserve strength. His hours of training spur

him on to break the winner's tape.

So in the race of life, obstacles must challenge us to strive harder, to keep going at our fullest capacity. We must

not slacken our pace if we hope to run and win.

When can we say we have won the race? When we have reached our

first goal? When we have broken

our previous records? When others

have dropped out and we alone are running? Can we afford to slow

down and point to our medals? Can

we retire from this race?

The race is never won. We must

ZCMI guides the bride'keep running. The moment we stop

A convenient new Wedding Workbook, going forward, we have already yours at no cost. Contains complete dropped behind. We ca.n never reach

wedding timetable, Intermountain wedding the full extent of our possibilities.

guide, wedding guest list, honeymoon and entertaining guide. Get your free copy. Let us all set our goals high and

run to win, and I ask this in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

ZCMI Bride's Shop, second floor

For all the weddingparty gowns, your trousseau and for complete wedding planning with the help of experts.

ZCMI Wedding Gift Registry, 3rd floor

For listing wedding gift preferences; SUMMER WARNING

household trousseau planning; and By Marian Schroder Crothers

your complete shower service.

Winging above the color blaze garden's perfect days, the marks That the gown shown, thrillingly lovely, drift butterflies idly by The yet budgetminded. Traditional lace sky, the living in jewels Like

and tulle over bridal satin, 69.95 Holding, these golden hours sublime,

The essence of all summertime, that every breeze Quite unaware the veil shown wide, from a beautiful the trees, through Whispers a warning collection. Delicate sequin pearl and conspires crafty winter That now crown with overthe-face veil, 10.95 fires. with autumn To immolate

ZCMI BRIDE'S SHOP—Second Floor

662 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE GIFT OF SPEECH

by Frances Minden Boggus

sage Ben Jonson said, "LanWe read from an anonymous with the pithy in this succinct

Theguage most shows a man; speak writer, "Language is the dress of thought: "Blessed is the man who

that I may see thee."What kind thought; every time you talk your having nothing to say abstains from

of word pictures do we draw when mind is on parade."For once Anon's giving us wordy evidence of the fact."

we speak? usually "poison pen"penned more How often do we suffer from the

Words are man's paintbrush, his truth and beauty than venom. Do "bore"who, having the floor, flows on

most effective means of conveying we use words of truth in our dress and on in pompous drivel until the hate, love, sympathy, discouragement, parade more often than those of dewellsprings of our endurance run dry and we squirm in discomfort until we of the emoceit—words of beauty instead of uglioptimism, despair—any escape! can within his mind. The ness?tions that stir

kind of painting we present to the Shakespeare, in King Lear advises: But the words that have everlasting

world depends upon the kind of words "Mend your speech a little, lest it value are the living words of the almost two thousandwe use. Words can be used for good may mar your fortune."Fortunes Master—uttered

or ill; they can be uplifting or dehave been made and marred by words. years ago:

...grading; they can be wasteful or The diplomatic word at the right "Let not your heart be troubled

fruitful. Man has been seduced and time has oftentimes influenced deciye believe in God,"and, "Love one

inspired by words ever since the first sions that laid a foundation for the another... as I have loved you."

man received the gift of speech. concrete building of wealth. Hasty, Simple words, with no attempt at

sarcastic words have revealed lack of highflown rhetoric, they contain the

See what some of our great minds character and inability to meet opprinciples for abundant living: comhave had to say about the value of portunity and have changed condiplete trust in God, love for man!

words. Coleridge said, "Language is tions that could have been favorable. They hold the secret for living conof the and mind,the armory human fidently, that mighty Oliver Wendell Holmes, for dying—triumphantly.

of trophies contains theat once that, words, but they draw Just eighteen "The of wisdom, warned its man past, and the weapons of its future flowering moments of the mind drop a lasting picture of the lowly Nazaconquests."Our memory is a storehalf their petals in our speech."Budrene as loving them he walked and

house of words spoken, the pleasant ding thoughts are often robbed of talked with saints and sinners. Out

ones, the hurtful ones. We know beauty by our inability to couch them of his love flowed words of color that

how dictators, past and present, have in expressive speech. Lame speech gave man the dimensions of Godliused words as propaganda, as "the has frequently ruined what might* ness, that offered hope of divinity,

weapons of future conquests."have been an uplifting and inspiring that promised partnership with God.

Milton, superlative craftsman that discourse. Thus did Jesus use the gift of

he was, made "his words, like so many It takes George Eliot to come out speech—how are we using ours?

servitors, trip about him at command."Few of us have the power to

command words as did Milton. With

Joubert he could say, "Drawing is STREET OF SLEEPERS, HONG KONG speaking to the eye; talking is painting to the ear."In his writing he By Vesta Nickerson

painted many, many beautiful word IVow, having seen how millions live, pictures on sensitive ears. In his How they sleep, are fed,

of clothes, more the warmthsonnet on his blindness he painted I cherish of bread, The sustenance the portrait of a valiant soul not only Four sheltering walls, a roof, and floor, accepting his tragedy without bitterThe comfort of a bed.

ness but also using it to become sublime.

SEPTEMBER 1957 663 The Executive (Continued from page 639) success, though he must not try to do est contribution by skilfully holding those who have, or will have, executive all of the work personally. The driver the reins, not by abandoning the reins

and administrative responsibility in of a fourhorse team makes his greatto try to push the wagon personally.

the Church:

1. The Church executive must see

to it that his organization is properly fryrrrrrrirrrrstaffed at all times. An army or a

business organization can be annihilated or bankrupt in a few hours if left officers. properwithout Simpticiluslmpucltt

2. It is the executive's responsibility Ofsameness and

to see that the organization functions 1 continuously and effectively. Proper 2 Richard L. Evans

functioning covers the whole field of 2 "holding the reins,"coordination, integration, and motivation. It has been 2 ften we tell ourselves what we will do next summer. But

said that maintaining effectiveness in swittly—so is like keepingan organization up much of a 1 swiftlyas totothatthistmswe summer,summer,sometimesitit wondercomescomes andanaif we'regoesgoes doingsoso swiftlytire leak; keep with a slow must you

is significant. solid reaction, we anything that and And in

all of time. Planning thepumping

discrimination without reach rush i sometimes too much and held, continuously bemeetings must and duties must be accepted and caras to what it is we rush and reach for. Part of our problem

ried out. The captain of a ship cannot perhaps is that we suppose that something different or

tie his steering gear fast and hope to dramatic is expected of us, and we overlook much of the meanreach the desired port. It takes coning of the routine things done each day, the things of which

stant steering to go in a straight line. i life is made up for most of us. Not many of us make headNot many of us find ourselves in the 3. The executive must have time at lines—fortunately.

his disposal. He must not be so tied midst of major dramatic events. And even those who do

down with details that he is unable to even their lives are mostly made up of small things, of daily do his own work. If the mind of the work, of going and coming, of routine tasks. The signing of

executive is littered with a hundred the Declaration of Independence was a dramatic moment of it spent incalculable the signed men who consequence—but is distractions, successpetty impos- i tasks. of their routine has Lincoln lives in somewhat muchsible. necessary give the must He i stirring his life, his his simple death, dramatized: been much his exto ofhours thought and work

ecutive function. No one would trust thoughts. But his life was not one great crescendo. There

a banker who spent his time doing were railsplitting, and learning to read and write, the paying everyone else's work except his own, of debts, and the hard labor of learning to be a lawyer. The

or a general who abandoned his comstorybooks and the dramas of historic happenings catch mostly mand to run errands. the high color of condensation in covering a life, or a century,

4. One of the main functions of the &* or an age, or an era, in an hour or two of time. But often

executive is the selection of key perwhat they fail to tell is the long length of learning, the routine sonnel, their correct placement and work, the pain and the patience, the coming, and the going, training. He must be a good judge and all the in betweentimes. And when we tire of routine

of men, and he must make certain and of the sameness of our surroundings, we would well rethat they understand their duty and member that there can be much of meaning in simplicity

I sameness. said it, "This and in some As Grayson David

itaccept wholeheartedly. 1

well: of that life consists small the chief part of every know his to see 5. Everyone must be made

... things. is the Blessed small the enjoy can who man that in enterpriseplace the and know

he is a part of the management. Even things, the common beauties, the little dayby-day events;

skilful will a poor jobthe do man un- i sunshinesupper, theon dailythe fields,paper birdson theonporch,the bough,a friendbreakfast,passing dinner,by. So

isless doing he it. The he knows why

people leave it go afield many for enjoyment behind who offices invarious the Church are all 2 them at home."does go swiftly, and what if summer 1 Whata part of decentralized a great government. The executive is the one who if in it there is some simple sameness; blessed are we if

divides up the work and parcels it running through that sameness is the love of loved ones, out to the individual workers and then and friends, with the assurance that such simple and most

I meaningful things of life are everlasting.follows through to see that the job is

done. Never give your son an assignment and then fail to check up. This 2 Jke Spoken>p lA/ofd FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

followthrough is just as important in PRESENTED OVER KSLSYSTEM,AND THEJULY COLUMBIA1, 1957 BROADCASTING training adults. Copyright 1957

6. The executive must be able to -Accredited to David Grayson. vs.

initiate, guide, measure, and control 1 work. The executive must guarantee C

664 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 7. He must always have an objective. Thomas Watson, the late president of IBM, said that every executive Only STEEL can do so many jobs so well

should start with a goal and work backward to accomplishment.

8. The executive should know the

program and the problems and the solutions involved in the work of those immediately answerable to him so that he can give them technical help. He

should know the top contribution of which each is capable.

9. A good executive must be a good

student. The field of his activity is

so important and so vast that he must be constantly getting new ideas, better methods, and more productive skills.

Good tools are of little value in the hands of a bad carpenter. To grow as

an executive, one must also grow as an individual.

10. Alfred Sloan said, "The most

important thing I have learned about management is that an executive must arouse the individual initiative of the men working under him."This requires a good example, great understanding, and a lot of personal, individual help. The highest form of

leadership is the leadership of persuasion, not the leadership of command.

The greatest ability known in the world is executive ability, and our greatest contribution to the work of the Lord can only be made as we develop our abilities to their highest Steelaire Home. The entire structural frame of this house is made

possible point.

from tough, coldformed steel, so it is unaffected by rot, fungus, and termites. Even more important is the fact that the steel frame resists

warping and sagging. It's one of a line of Steelaire homes and is

made by the U. S. Steel Homes Division of United States Steel.

KINGS OF EARTH

By Elizabeth Shafer UNITED STATES STEEL "Oomesick for mountains. For those great

of earth chunks K*/fc l MAR;

against Bulking the sky?"He laughed. TRADL

"Yes, sick For the sight of mountains. Does that seem

so strange?

But I forget—you have not lived with

mountains."

She smiled. "Oh, you can never understand

Until you climb a mountain trail and see

The peaks above you sway, the sky come close.

Until, riding the hairpins down a pass,

You feel the heart stand still with joy and fear, Or, looking out your window, see the light

Turning the mountainside to amethyst.

When I lived there, a day might pass before

I stopped my work to look at them, to see

Those kings of earth standing against the sky, Sunwarmed, mistbound, or lost in snow.

But knowing they were there made all the difference, As with the presence of someone you love.

Yes, I am sick for mountains. Take me

home."SEPTEMBER 1957 The Transfiguration

(Continued from page 652) be strengthened by fasting and by What thoughts must have gone teresting to note that there are three prayer. through the mind of the Savior as he

peaks on the summit of the mountain and that according to some authorities snow lies on the peaks all year around except in the late summer of some years. The top of the mountain is

bare, but its slopes are richly wooded. I 17/fn our own...

Today much of the mountain is covered with vineyards. I Richard L. Evans

This would seem like an appropriate place for such a marvelous manifesta- I Come days ago we heard a father and his son discussing a tion to occur. You will remember that I situation in which there was some risk—not moral risk,

God chose the Jordan River for but physical risk. The father, as fathers often are, was

testifying to the world that Jesus was 5 cautious. The son, as sons often are, was eager to go ahead.

his Beloved Son at the time of his And finally the son said, "Don't worry. If I do it, I'll take

baptism, and almost in the same I the full responsibility. I'll be completely on my own."That

words which he used on the mount. I should have been reassuring. But what the son perhaps

You will also recall that these were failed to see was that no son, or no father, is ever entirely almost the identical words which the I on his own. No one is ever entirely on his own—nor ever

Father spoke to the boy Joseph Smith can be. Inherently there is always a responsibility for our

in Sacred Grove, in introducing the takes out an for others even who also. A pilot I own—and Saviorthe to him. assure the ground circumstances unsafe airplane under may

When the Savior and the chosen I crew that he will take full responsibility, that he is on his three came down from the mountain, I own. But it simply isn't so. When someone is overdue,

they encountered a great number of I when someone is missing, when someone is in danger or people who were there waiting for distress, other people begin to worry and search and seek 7

Jesus. Among them was a man who I to save. When a crash occurs, when a child is lost, when

pleaded with Jesus to have compassomeone is in an unsafe situation, rescue crews, families, sion on his son who was possessed of friends, and sometimes whole communities immediately bean evil spirit and could not hear or gin to go to work, often little counting the cost, and often at talk and often fell into fire or water, I hazard to themselves. There is no way of endangering ourseemingly having little control over selves, or doing what we shouldn't do, without its having an

himself. The man said that he had effect on others, with hazards and heartaches. And not at

taken the boy to the disciples but that any point can a person truly say, "It's only my own life, or they could not cure him. my own health, or my own reputation, or my own future, or

Jesus requested that the boy be my own failure."Seldom, if ever, does anyone ever risk anybrought to him. Unto the lad's thing altogether alone. Seldom, if ever, is any act confined

father he said: "If thou canst believe, I in its effect to the one person who perpetrates it. And when

possible that all things are to him they parents people wonder when beyoung why worry—and 9 voice in his lieveth."anguish With It's let us our don't they do what we want? say: "Why and tears in his eyes the loving father life; it's our sorrow; it's our risk—"it simply isn't so. As

said, "Lord, I believe; help thou mine parents to children, as brothers to sisters, and even as to the

unbelief,"indicating his humbleness whole human family, we are tied tightly together. A child

and his faith that the Savior could cannot hurt himself without hurting his parents. And while 2

heal his son. Jesus rebuked the evil I the young frequently feel that they would like more freedom,

spirit and ordered it to come out of I and frequently feel that they are sometimes too much interthe boy. When it did, the lad fell I fered with, let this be said to them in sobering sincerity: that

down as if he were dead. parents not only have a desire to know what youth are doing,

"But Jesus took him by the hand but also the right and responsibility—by the law—and the

and lifted him up; and he arose."law of love, and by obligation that the Lord God has given

The disciples of the Lord, of course, them, for the sorrow of the son is the sorrow of his father.

were thrilled that the boy had been So also is the success of the son. In a sense, there is no such

made well, but concerned that they thing as being altogether on our own—for the lot of parents

had failed to heal him. The Lord I and children is even as all of us to the Father of us all, always

had given them the power to heal and forever. I

the sick and to cast out devils and yet unsuccessful. in this case they were Word SQUARE Uhe Spoken FROM TEMPLE >P the Savior Apparently BROADCASTING KSL AND OVER THE COLUMBIA brought PRESENTED

about this series of events to teach SYSTEM, JULY 14, 1957 Copyright 1957 t his disciples and us that on some occasions an unusual amount of faith has to be manifest, and that faith can a 666 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA passed again through the land of

Galilee? He knew that he would soon

have to leave this country and go to

Judea where he would meet his death.

This was on his mind, and he continually taught his disciples about his death and his resurrection, but most of them understood it not. On this

trip through Galilee he may have visited his friends and strengthened the members of the church through personal contacts, but he tried to keep out of the public eye.

Tn Capernaum the tax collectors * came to Peter asking him if Jesus paid taxes. Peter assured them that

he did, perhaps sensing that this was a trick of the Jewish leaders to try to accuse Jesus of not obeying the law.

Jesus had no money himself, and so when he had talked to Peter about the matter he instructed Peter to cast his line into the sea, telling him that he would find in the mouth of the Great strides have been made cine, Education, Law, Business, first fish that he caught a coin suffithe past few years in building Fine Arts, Mining, Nursing, cient to pay the tax for both of them. a bigger University of Utah. Pharmacy or some other line of

It was about this time, and probEach expansion move has activity, see what the 'U'has ably in the city of Capernaum, that made the university stronger to offer YOU.

Jesus preached a great discourse on with new benefits and opporFreshman Examinations meekness and humility. The disciples tunities for the students. September 21

of the Lord disputed as they went on The University now has the Freshman Registration their way as to whom would be the faculty and the facilities that September 26 greatest in the kingdom of heaven. mark it as one of America's Former Students Register

They came to Jesus with their quesoutstanding institutions of September 2728 tion. Calling a little child to him he higher education. Classwork to start

sat him down in the midst of the No matter what your plans September 30 disciples saying, "Verily I say unto for the future, whether it's in you, Except ye be converted, and bethe field of Engineering, MediFor full information write:

come as little children, ye shall not enter into the kingdom of heaven. Office of the President

"Whosoever therefore shall humble himself as this little child, the same is greatest in the kingdom of heaven."UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

Mark records that on this occasion Salt Lake City, Utah the Savior said, "If any man desire to be first, the same shall be last of all, and servant of all."

He further explained the imporlittletance of treating well. children EVERYTHING

essential then told themHe how it Your bookdealer now has.... i IN =====

is that we should forgive those who offend us. When Peter asked, "Lord, WROUGHT IRONhow oft shall my brother sin against Gospel JR. SUNDAY SCHOOL BENCHES

me, and I forgive him? till seven $12.95

times?"Jesus answered, "I say not T6 UNIT COAT HANGERSunto thee until seven times: but, Until Ideals JUNIOR $12.95 LARGE $19.95

fromseventy times seven."He then related unto them the parable of the discourses of PLANTER BOXES

servant, who, even though he was PRESIDENT TABLES CHAIRS forgiven by his lord for a debt that DAVID O. McKAY

couldhe not a fellow INC. pay, had ARTS, serv584 Pages $4.00 SHOP

4-3761 HU cast intoant prison because he could 1604 JEFFERSON SALT LAKE CITY (Continued on following page) SEPTEMBER 1957 667 The Transfiguration Have you Changed to (Continued from preceding page) not pay his debt to him. When the

lord heard what was done he "was wroth, and delivered him to the tormentors, till he should pay all that was due unto him."

"So likewise shall my heavenly

Father do also unto you, if ye from your hearts forgive not every one his brother their trespasses."

In both UltraPower Elhyl and Regular gasoline, you get a in octane. new high You

deliver. engine power can can be sure of all the smooth free /\n another occasion Jesus emphayour

You get more getup-andgo—quicker than ever starts- *-* sized the importance of devoting

faster than ever warmups—smoother than ever gelaway ourselves to serving God. One man protection against stalling and vapor lock.

You get new power and longer engine life. You get new told Jesus he would follow him whereconomy and greater mileage. ever he went, and Jesus said, "The

The power's up—Let's fill 'er up foxes have holes, and the birds of the

air have nests; but the Son of man

hath not where to lay his head."

Let's GO Jesus called another to follow him, but the man wanted to go and bury his father first. Another wished to go

home to bid farewell to his loved ones.

Jesus said, "No man, having put his hand to the plough, and looking back, is fit for the kingdom of God."This

may seem a little harsh to us today but it emphasizes the great importance of being faithful to our calling.

Continuing the organization of the

Church, Jesus "appointed other seventy also, and sent them two and two before his face into every city and place, whither he himself would come."He instructed them to go

without purse or scrip, to heal the sick and preach the gospel.

John tells us that as fall approached,

You ex pect more from Utoco the "brethren"of Jesus encouraged and you g et it! him to go to Judea "that thy disciples

UTAH OIL DEFINING COMPANY also may see the works that thou doest."They told him that if he

SPRINGFIELD 30/06 RIFLES AGAIN! wantedbe knownhisthatdoctrinehe shouldand nothis doworkthemto

SHARP, CLEAN BORES in secret but openly. "If thou do

4 GROOVES, THE FINEST!

these things, shew thyself to the

| BARGAINS ACCESSORIES JUST approaching SALE time world."ON was The

U.S. gov't 'Tfings: cowhide HUNTERS: *39.95 New. regulationUsed. AMMO..$1.95.,95c of for Feast the Tabernacles, the in offer years, first the again rod, time For the cleaning can 3 pc. Swivel handle & 2Vi SPECIALS: '03 solid issue brass, Gov't Springfield "These U.S. 30/06. Caliberwe

G.I. Box o(20 brass, official, Brushes; U.S. Army inside clean very out, and guar, famousare good after the held annually which was rds.. gr.. target,.$2.00 150 2 $1.95new,.25ctips is rifle ever military This accurate made,sharp most

oil, 02. Oil: forG.I. I. can 6 gun gr. rds. target, 25c G 100 $7.50 in 150 rifle Softcaliber world. and hunting It G.I. in. in flannel patches, Patches; cleaning a harvests compared were professionally rds. Springf ields 20 loaded Single sold sell rifling.mostnose everywhere. ammopopular

(200) 75c gr. last! point high hunting, while yours they as as $75, now $2.95 Get 150

G.I. Solvent: solvent, cleaning gun

rds. or soft20 Western Rem. Comcelebra- Thanksgiving 6 01 with our way 25c

gr,, soft SPECIFICATIONS: mercial 150 110: olive drab, G.I, heavyduty, Gun Case

gr., gr., '03. 220 CHOICE $4.75 24", YOURpoint, 4 (not groove). 2 Model: condition, Bbl,: heavy gov't spec.brand new for the tion occasion an Jews was and zipper sightsgroove Springfield adjustable $1.95 Sights: 2700 Famous

Saddle quality scabbards, top elevation. Gov't Stocks: and Windage

riveted cowhide, stitched.official U.S.and $4.95 selectedtoall NEW Caliber: high to 30, Walnut. in 06. yds.American Numbers: seemed This gather Jerusalem.

in shipped to Packing: numbers. Guns us army GOLDEN STATE or check, Send ORDER: cash money

oil in cosmoline, and Shippedorig. degrease We TOorder. deposit Shipped C.O.D. $10 RR to for like the Savior choice time a protective packing case.lightly, duty ALL Ex., Calif, CORP. charges collect forF.O.B. Pasadena. ARMS MILLEDapprox. hurryup time stampings. no Wt: heavyPARTS: war resid. state tax. 10DAY MONEY 4% St., 386 Green W. 1 lbs. lbs. manifest. his inquire. 10 Dealers BACK GUAR.add Shipping Wt: works 8V2 mighty make

Calif. 168, Pasadena

Who his "brethren"were we are

Subscribers who wish to bind the 1956 volume of their ERA are informed not certain, but it seems as if they might have been members of his own that the annual index is still available from family. John says, "For neither did

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA his brethren believe in him."Jesus

668 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA told them to go ahead to the feast he was not yet ready.

But finally the time did come. Luke

records, "And it came to pass, when the time was come that he should be received up, he stedfastly set his face to go to Jerusalem."Again he decided to make the journey through

Samaria rather than going around it, so he sent messengers into a certain village to see if the people would receive him. When the villagers refused, the disciples, being much upset,

said, "Lord, wilt thou that wc command fire to come down from heaven, and consume them, even as Elias did?"

But Jesus answered that "the Son of man is not come to destroy men's lives, but to save them."

Next Month: JESUS VISITS JUDEA

All advantages of a large University,

Charlotte SheffieldMiss USA (Continued from page 653) All the attention of the small College

Lord convince one that she is a girl who prays. It is apparent in her Consider these advantages at the

voice, her manner, and her spirit that Largest Interm ountain University...

she has a testimony of the gospel.

Adequate faculty for the large student Scores of cultural, geographical, deLast June Charlotte received her body. partmental, and social groups, open to

bachelor of science degree in speech, Relatively small classes. all students.

schedule to include all who Expanded certificate, awith teaching secondary IDS Church, of the stake complete A any class. wish to take in the AlUniversityfrom of Utah. membership student with entirely

though her plans for the immediate 17 wards. Efficient placement service to aid in

future were somewhat altered by her Frequent visits from General Authorifinding employment.

Miss USA title, her goals were not. ties and other Church leaders. Close association with familysized

She wants marriage in the temple Counseling service available to every groups of roommates in beautiful and a family. Meanwhile, personal student. campus residences.

appearances, tours, a variety of demands on her time, have come one Autumn Quarter Registration—September 30 and October 1, 1957

after another, and in October she will travel for the Miss to London World competition. the cash Brigham Young University $2000 With

which came with her Miss USA title, PROVO UTAH she may then go to New York to study toward a master of arts degree in dramatics.

In spite of the many recognitions that have come to Charlotte in past competition, and in this major achievement, friends describe her as FOR yOUR HEALTH'S SAKEmodest, without conceit or overconfiFILMS!

dence. At the Long Beach beauty learn the approximate DEVELOPED

PROTEINcongress MINERAL for outstanding her VITAMIN she was content of and PRINTED and CALORIEnatural beauty. She wore little makeup and stylish but modest evening RAW VEGETABLES AND FRUITS

dresses. She has, in addition to A booklet containing charts

physical attractiveness, that beauty FREE andparedvaluableby H. informationE. KIRSCHNER,preSend- No CoinOO.D.'sOnly

resulting from the inner peace and M.D. mailed on request. -BACK GUARANTEE!

faith which is the birthright of every

Latterday Saint girl, and she knows WRITE:34 N. Baldwin,ACMESierra MFG.Madre,CO.California PHOTO

(Concluded on following page) SEPTEMBER 1957 669 EYESIGHT Charlotte SheffieldMiss USA (Concluded from preceding page)

IS PRECIOUS in her heart that she would not have

it. PROTECT IT! won her title without

Consult Charlotte's feelings for the real

DESERET values of life are keen for one so

OPTICAL young and are in harmony with a

NOW! carefulbehind herstudya richof thebackgroundgospel. Sheof servhas

ice in the Church. She has faith in

NO APPOINTMENT NECESSARY God and recognizes his power in her life. These things, she knows, as

COMPLETE OPTICAL SERVICE much as any physical beauty with which she has been blessed, have been

Precision Than 40 Satisfaction More Craftsresponsible for the wonder of her life manship Experience Guaranteed Years these past few months.

Service and Eyes Examined for Oculist PrescripQuality Plus Driver's Licenses tions Accurately Filled

Glasses Adjusted We Give S&H Lenses Duplicated

Free Green Stamps Accurately Nothing Down—$1 Weekly

The Part That Hangs Over

(Continued from page 635) ONE and takes the shape of our faith.

Some of us have averagesized faith,

DAY while the faith of others is greater, but the spirit of the gospel can fill

SERVICE us to overflowing. Some react in enriched service to their fellow men,

Convenient Free Parking at Broadway or Ramp Garage—Any Egbert System Parking Lot others in creative activity, still others

in leadership. But all of us are working together as servants of our Heav-

... upon the earth. Progress By You enly Father to further his work here

If we give ourselves completely to be filled with the lifegiving water IN REVIEW! of the gospel, we become channels

through which goodwill and peace might flow to others. It may be that

there are some who will never know the gospel of Jesus Christ except as they see it at work in us.

Sometimes the vessel isn't filled with the unadulterated spirit of the gospel because of prejudice or hate, greed or envy. If that be the case

with any of us, let the spirit of the gospel flow unabated, continuously,

SBoai ff ivitf and, sooner or later, we will be changed. Prejudice will be washed

out; hate will turn to love; greed and

unselfishness. will become envy IT'S YOUR FAIR... BE THERE himself or herof us ask each Let

j{ Holiday on Ice of 1958 featuring "Aladdin & His Magic Lamp"self: Do I have my vessel full? There

TV Celebrities Hollywood Top & is only spare! to The plenty—and Livestock SeaBrightAerialist Great if * of spirit of the the to limit amount Acrobats Auto Sensational Jamison, Jimmy if is the secure gospel the you may Horse Show Highdiver *

it. to receive capacity have you Wrestling 14 Arabian T*T ik Horse Show—Sept.

a little will a make make man—it UTAH STATE FAIR The gospel of Jesus Christ will reall open great Let us man. man a & Industrial Exposition hearts to it. our

Fairgrounds Sept. 1322 Salt Lake City A few years ago, a sensation fol670 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

lowed the announcement by the General Electric Laboratories that a young Latterday Saint scientist (who, by the way, is now Director of UTAH STATE UNIVERSITYResearch at BYU) had produced the editor artificialfirst diamond. One

as follows: "Take the formulagave. OFFERS JUDJJL

a pinch of coal dust, apply 1,500,000 pounds of pressure per square inch, turn up the heat to 5,000 degrees A BALANCED EDUCATIONFahrenheit, and what do you get?

A diamond."

In a remarkable sense, this formula works in producing an immortal soul:

God takes a pinch of dust, applies the pressures of trial and temptation, raisesfice—andthe theheatconsequence?of labor andA livingsacriSpiritualInstitute oftrainingReligionin thein thelargestLDS

soul worth infinitely more than the Church system.

most precious diamond.

It is my prayer—and my conviction—tHat the qualities of leadershipthat I see exemplified in the MIA muL

leaders of the Church will assist the

Practical and technical training thousands of our young people who leading to a successful career respond to their inspiration to within hundreds of occupations.

stand the pressures of trial and temptation; that they will assist our

members to build lives of such breadth and quality that there will be a part FALL QUARTER to hang over and give comfort and warmth. - REGISTRATION -

I could not close my remarks without telling you that I have a deep and SEPTEMBER 2628, 1957 abiding testimony of the gospel of

Jesus Christ and of the divine mission of our Savior. I know from the

depths of my soul that the gospel was FOR INFORMATION WRITE in this dispensation restored and that DARYL CHASE are richly favored engaged to bewe in activities relating to it. I testify -PRESIDENTto you that President David O. McKay is the prophet through whom

God instructs his children today, and that President Richards and President UTAH STATE UNIVERSITY

Clark and the other General Authorities who lead the Church today are LOGAN, UTAH - chosen of God to assist us to live close to his teachings. May we all do so, I

humbly pray, in the name of Jesus

Christ. Amen. SALT LAKE'S NEWEST HOTEL

THE PLAYHOUSE

By Elaine V. Emans

Let a little girl pretend, Golden hours without end, She's a lovely lady keeping House: with shells for dishes, sweeping

petals, rose Up lacking dirt. COFFEE SHOP and

little girl convert Let a into a far Summertime DINING ROOM duties are. grownup Dream where

The place to eat in downtown Then one day it may surprise Salt Lake City. Special rooms

realize to her Even in life like playing also available for banquets, are times There

House, all sun and petalsmell business luncheons and wedding

If she learned contentment well. breakfasts.

SEPTEMBER 1957 Melchtzedek

Priesthood

Priesthood

Reactivation

and

Magnifyin;

Our Callings

O ye that embark in the service of God, magnify a calling is to hold it in great of spiritual wellbeing and to a degree see that all heart, ye serve your him with esteem and respect, to see that it is of economic independence and matemight, that mind and strength, ye stand may blameless before God at the last day. (D & C enlarged and built up in importance rial wellbeing that will assure ade-

4:2.) in the eyes of the Church, to see that quate food, clothing, fuel, housing,

every function which goes with the and other needed physical comforts, * * office is performed perfectly so that and educational advantages for himthe attendant blessings will be reself and his family."

Everyknows—inquorum officer in the Church ceived. Is to Carry out the Details

Objective? at least—thata generalhe is obligatedsort of way,to dentHow,magnifythen, doeshis acalling?priesthoodHe presidoes ofWhothis

magnify his calling in the priesthood. it by using the priesthood for the

But how to go about it, the steps that purpose for which it was given him.

should be taken, the course that That is, he uses his priesthood to To a large extent quorum presidenof their the details handle cies must theseshould be for minister salvation the of those followed—oftentimes business. are There quorum own soare not clear to newly installed to preside. over is called he He whom

officers and to those who have not is called to lead his fellow quorum many matters which they cannot delehad a reasonably extensive backmembers to eternal life in our Father's gate to others. But in addition they

ground of church service. kingdom. should organize three standing comActually the course to follow is an Now, Brother Quorum President, mittees to aid them in their work.

easy one—"... my yoke is easy, and are you using your high calling to

Must the Presidency What Duties lead your quorum light"(Matt. burdenmy members—both 11:30)—for to Themselves? active members Retain and inactive desire to yourthose the Lord and who love

work out their own salvation and to salvation? But, you say, what parhelp their brethren do the same. ticular thing shall I do? Follow the 1. To become acquainted with the

In charting our course, first let us Priesthood Program of the Church! character, qualifications, and attitudes

remind ourselves of the definition and It has been tried and tested, and it of all quorum or unit members.

nature of that holy authority which works. Learn the instructions in the 2. To make personal calls upon

we hold. By definition, priesthood is Handbook, Make them work in your each quorum or unit member at least

the power and authority of God delemorum. once a year, and oftener when necesgated to man on earth to act in all sary, giving deserved commendation,

things for the salvation of men. A What Is the Objective of blessing, and encouraging the sick, becalling in the priesthood is an apPriesthood Presidencies? reaved, and discouraged, ever seeking

pointment to serve in a specified ofto awaken and renew good desires fice, an office to which particular "To help every member of their among indifferent quorum or unit duties and responsibilities attach. To quorums or units to attain to a state members.

672 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 3. Foster and encourage stake and committees should be appointed from counselor, chairman of the Fact Findforeign missionary service. time to time. ing and Reporting Committee. The

4. Promote temple work. committees are all quorum commit-

5. Keep in constant touch with all What Work Should Standing tees and not group committees, but

quorum or unit members away from Committees Perform? each group (or at least each major

home (this includes the implementagroup) should be represented on each tion of the servicemen's program) and Read the Handbook, pages 3038. committee. The member of the group

their families at home. The objectives and fields of action of appointed to serve on the Personal

6. Provide adequate class instruceach standing committee is set forth. Welfare Committee ordinarilyJ should

tion (including able teachers) and Committees should plan their work be the group leader, and he should facilities. for a year in advance; it should be also be a member of the Ward Welfare

7. Teach all quorum or unit memcorrelated with the plans of the other Committee in his ward. Committees

bers how priesthood ordinances should committees; and then the whole proshould be of a workable size. It has

be performed. gram should be presented to the quofrequently been found advantageous

rum for approval at a monthly busito put a few inactive brethren on the

What Committees Should Be ness meeting. standing committees as a means of

Organized? brinonnp"them into service. Names of

Who Should Serve on members of standing committees

Personal Welfare. Standing Committees? should be presented to quorums for

Church Service. a sustaining vote.

Fact Finding and Reporting. A member of the quorum presiOther committees should be task or dency should be the chairman of each Who Should Serve on Task

subcommittees serving under the dicommittee. Ordinarily the quorum Committees?

rection of the appropriate one of these president will be the chairman of the standing committees. To provide opPersonal Welfare Committee; the first Here the emphasis is with the

portunities for service and to further counselor, chairman of the Church inactive brethren. Get as many as

the work of the quorum, many task Service Committee; and the second possible on each task committee. The

man is more important than the job.

When the task is done, discharge the committee with proper commendation. There is no objection to creating task committees primarily for the

GENERAL PRIESTHOOD SUPERVISION purpose of providing a church assignment for some inactive brother.

Priesthood Supervision Chart How Often Should

Committees Meet?

FIRST PRESIDENCY | As often as necessary. Ordinarily

it necesCOUNCIL OF THE TWELVE standing committees will find sary to meet at least once a month.

FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY They should report their activities and receive instructions from the quoGENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE rummitteespresidencyprobablymonthly.will need Taskto meetcom-a

STAKE OR MISSION PRESIDENCY numberwhen theof privilegetimes duringof servicethe periodon a particular task is being afforded.

MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE

Mission or Stake Relationship of President—Chairman What Is the

three members of than fewer stakes In no to the Presidency? the Committees These Committee. on the to be are Council High

three members, if desired, may be assigned one each to the responsibility of the high priests, Committees are appointed by and seventy and elders.

In the missions this Committee shall be comwork for the presidency. But the

posed of the Mission Presidency. presidency cannot relieve themselves

of the responsibility for seeing that

QUORUMS OR UNITS the work is done. A good executive

QUORUM QUORUM QUORUM UNIT OF SEVENTY gets others to work, for his benefit Group7T\Group Group Group Group Group Group and for theirs.

The work to be done by quorum presidencies committees is both and

Group Second Group First Group Group

Asst. Asst. Sec'y Leader Leader Special glorious. Sec'y extensive emand

phasis is needed everywhere in the (Concluded on page 686) SEPTEMBER 1957 673 * Presiding

Quality Ward Teaching Is Characterized Teaching the Gospel

By Virtues of Teachers Exacting Responsibility

Throughout is an effort the Church Humility a virtue that manifests of given the responsibility Those best in of to improve A is being made the the itself absence pride in teaching the gospel are under obliquality of ward teaching. As a result oneself or in one's achievements. It gation faithfully to perform their duty.

of this action, conscientious leaders is devoid of arrogance and vanity. Teachers in this Church are in a measare asking, "What constitutes quality Humility ascribes unto the Lord the ure the custodians of the faith of those

ward teaching?"Quality in this inhonor and the glory for success whom they teach. Early in this disstance should not be confused with achieved. It is not difficult for the pensation the Lord made known to the

quantity. The quantity of families Lord to inspire humble teachers. Prophet Joseph Smith some of the fundavisited may run high, but the quality The spirit of discernment is not mentals of good teaching.

of the teaching still may be mediocre. equal in all men, but it is a virtue And again, the elders, priests and teachers

Quantity will take ward teachers to that can be developed if it is sinof this church shall teach the principles of gospel, are Bible in the the which and doors, my many but quality as teaching is cerely It sought. characterized by

is of fulBook the in the Mormon, which it pertains to teaching prothe ward superior comprehension. It detergospel. of ness the

is the excellence gram of the work mines the accurately of honest motives the shall observe they covenants and And done after teachers enter the home. those who are taught. It is quick to church articles to do them, and these shall

Quality teaching is achieved when detect deceit. It is equally alert to be their teachings, as they shall be directed

Spirit. the by teachers ward acquire certain distincthe for heart reaching help.

Spirit shall the given be And unto you tive virtues, of the following which Prayerfulness if the only prayer not of faith; by leads teachye receive and

are some of the most essential: ers to seek divine aid, but it also the Spirit ye shall not teach. (D & C 42:12not

dependability, sincerity, promptness, 14.) those prompts they teach with whom

diligence, humility, discernment, and a desire It the to seek Lord. also There are no exceptions to the above prayerfulness. makes teachers conscious of their more teaching for requirements teachers. ward Dependable teachers ward are responsibility to the members. fact that of serve thousands The them trustworthy. faithfully They perform

this in capacity does lessen not retheir are of These the some character their duty without urging. Through sponsibility to those teach. they whom qualities which improve the quality their reliability they merit confidence Their their example teaching and should

and trust. Their work is marked by of ward teaching. The ability to acconform to the standard as set forth in

competence, and they give full supquire these virtues is within the reach the revelation to the Prophet. Teaching

port to their leaders. of every member of the priesthood at the fireside is just as exacting as teachSincerity is an unusual personal assigned to do ward teaching. ing in the classroom.

quality. Those who are sincere are

not superficial and are devoid of deception. Sincere teachers are free Brothers Compile Perfect Attendance Record pretense,from oratory, showmanship,

and the tactic of pressure. Sincerity

is not given to argument. It operates

in the spirit of friendliness and does not offend. Sincerity in teaching is

a wellblended combination of the use of precept and example.

Promptness thoroughly demonstrates the spirit of doing today what should be done today. Those who

are prompt are easily moved to action.

Diligence is best exemplified in those who are conscientious. It makes

teachers painstaking and thorough in their work. They are not satisfied

with anything less than the best they achievedThree setsa perfectof brothersattendancefrom Lakeviewrecord at Ward,priesthoodLakeviewand Sacrament(Utah) Stake,meetingshave can do. They study to improve the for a period of five years. Reading from left to right; sitting, Glen Budge,

Allen Peterson, Budge, Lowell Peterson. Standing, Francis and Wayne Burton,mind. lose never They an opporhis brother and Robert Burton. Three of these young have recently men totunity help those they teach. Jr., whom elders. ordained been

674 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Bishoprics Page

Working With Senior Members Teachers and Deacons Do Not Have

Challenging and Rewarding Authority to Perform Ordinations

TEACHERS AND deacons in the Aaby the laying on of hands, and since

The call to work with Senior mem- *- ronic Priesthood do not have the teachers and deacons do not have au- -*- bers of the Aaronic Priesthood is authority to perform, or to assist in thority to "lay on hands,"they may not an easy one, yet it pays well for performing ordinations in the priestnot take part in any way in ordaining effort spent, in satisfaction and joy of hood. others to the Aaronic Priesthood.

accomplishment. Its fulfilment reThe Lord revealed to the Prophet According to the word of the Lord,

quires selfdiscipline and often the Joseph Smith: the priest is the only officer in the

sacrifice of personal pleasures. It deBut neither teachers nor deacons have Aaronic Priesthood who has the aumands faith, love, diligence, perseauthority to baptize, administer the sacrathority to perform ordinations:

verance, tact, vision, and the ability ment, or lay on hands. (D & C 20:58.)

to keep on in the face of opposition Since all ordinations are performed teachers,And heandmaydeacons.also ordain(Ibid., 20:48.)other priests,

and resistance.

It is a mark of greatness to accept and courageously fulfil difficult calls Study Guide for Ward Teachers to duty. It is not necessarily a test

of character to do willingly and well September 1957 the tasks that are easy or pleasant.

The real challenge is in performance Thrift sacrifice requiring in following and the goal a beeline to which duty deOnehelpfulof thequalitymost desirablebrings happinessof human andvirtuessuccessis thrift.throughThisselfcontroladmirable andand

fines, regardless of how unpleasant the mastery that give supreme satisfaction.

job or the amount of effort required Its opposite brings worry, grief, suffering, humiliations, and sometimes to fulfil it. even more serious consequences.

Yes, the call to work with senior Thrift is not miserliness. It is the wise use of money. Intelligent

is frequently spending thrift—of members is a call to serve the Lord.

of or time money or substance—meansthe most desirablethe avoidancetype of ofthrift.waste, Realthe absence

squandering, the proper regard for values, and an outlook for the futur.e.

The following excerpts from "A Guide to Quorum Activity"give helpful advice which every Latterday Saint family should heed:

Every member of the priesthood should strive for financial independence.

This must come ordinarily from the savings from the income from his vocaNot Accessible Families Defined tion. Whether he achieves it depends largely upon his own efforts. It is

his duty to do all he can to secure for himself and his family the things that

T eaders in ward teaching frequentare necessary for a happy life, and some protection against the weaknesses - ly ask this question, "What famiof old age.

necessary his expenses part of income. should save some The man A lies should be considered as not

is fund. left into the savings over to go something that so regulated be must

accessible and included in column Every member of the priesthood, whether young or old, desires to increase seventeen of the ward report on ward his education; to go on a mission; to make some investments that will yield

teaching?"an income to help in the day when his earning capacity has diminished, and

The following are some examples of to do other things that will increase the joy of his life. The cost of all such

families thus classified: married stuventures must come out of his savings. Saving should go along with earning.

It follows that one should not go into debt, except for essential things. In

dents living away from home attendfact, it is doubtful if a man is wise who goes into debt for anything except ing school at institutions where there necessities.

are no campus wards or branches and To make the best use of an income, it is necessary to use the budget system.

no wards or branches in the city, Every quorum member should know his probable income and expense and servicemen who are married and should make a budget accordingly. Then with all his might he with his

whose families live with them near family should attempt to live within that budget.

the base, families living outside the ward because of temporary employINTRODUCTION OF STUDY GUIDE FOR OCTOBER 1957 ment, families away on extended vacaThe Spirit of Cooperation tions, aged and infirm members living The spirit of the gospel of Jesus Christ is the spirit of cooperation. The Church

in public institutions outside of the functions best when all members cooperate by participating. The law of tithing is

affairs financial of the in temporal the and cooperation—cooperation

offering, in fast cooperate pay fast community, and those families who aChurch.law of If and we we observe the law of the

refuse to admit ward teachers to their caring for the needy. The welfare plan is a plan of cooperation.

homes.

SEPTEMBER 1957 675 WHATC A MINUTE MORE OR LESS?

by Julia W. Wolfe

—Photo by H. Armstrong Roberts

Reed was watching the mother coming through,"and she gently When this was over, and the older

Mrs.of five children dress the youngrubbed the fevered gums. On she children had gone to school, the

est. Mrs. Reed was the mother went with the interrupted dressing. motherof-five went on with her task

of one. When she was putting on the baby's and finished dressing the baby.

First Mrs. Wood put on the little dress, the older children came in The mother of one baby looked at

shirt, and at the same time a door ready for school. Two were ahead, her in open wonder. "How do you

opened, and in came her next to the and they ran to the baby. The mothdo it?"she asked. And, to the puzzled

youngest child. er leaned back laughing, and watched expression in the other mother's eyes:

"Oh,"cried this one, "me kiss the them seize their brother, kiss him, and "You have been interrupted over and baby."roll him back on her lap, while he over again in dressing the baby, and

She rushed at the little one and answered with joyful shouts. No you have sat and waited as if that

kissed it, while the infant rapturously sooner had he been released, and the were part of what you were doing!"

ran both hands in the treasure of arm was about to go into its sleeve, "Well,"said the motherof-five, golden hair so suddenly projected into when the third child, who had linsmiling, "isn't it?"

his horizon. The motherof-five waited gered behind, appeared with the cause "Isn't it?"

until the kissing was over and then of her delay—the kitten she had been "Isn't interruption a part of what

resumed the dressing. capturing. The whole scene was reevery mother should stand for, espe-

"Poor little fellow,"she said, "his enacted, with the addition of the cially if she has several children?"

mouth is so hot! His teeth are slow baby's ecstatic delight in the kitten. The young mother looked puzzled.

"Why, how can interruption be a part of anything?"she demanded.

"Doesn't the very word imply that it is something that does not belong there?""I am not as sure as I used to be what belongs and what doesn't,"said the motherof-five. "I am inclined to

think that nearly everything belongs!"

When all was quiet, for she had

Eileen Gibbons put the baby to sleep, she elaborated

Editor somewhat. "I have thought about

that a good deal,"she said, "and it 676 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA used to be one of my big problems.

But I think that I have solved it by a little reasoning."

Her face had a look of exquisite kindliness which another might have taken for patience. It was simple

kindliness, gentleness, openness, to all that was happening about her.

"When my first child was born,"she said, "I took it all very seriously, as seriously as any young housekeeper takes the little tasks of every day.

Everything must be done just so.

When I began a thing, the most important thing in the universe was to get it done. I worked from one task

to another all day long, as if jobs were steppingstones toward I did not know what. Nothing was allowed to

interfere with the line of march I laid out for myself all down the day. I

was very fond of the word 'systematize.'The word 'efficiency'was not

heard then as much as it is now, but if I had heard it in those days I should have fallen upon that word and devoured it. As it was, I merely ran

everything like clockwork.

"That lasted for one year. Then

un- a there night I was when came So easy! 50% more jelly for bed. dressing the She had baby

been fretful all day, and I was anxious to get her to sleep. I had just slipped...and fresher flavor on her nightdress when my mother

1 minute with SUREJELL or CERTO walked into the bedroom. Do you because you boil only

remember mv mother? She was so

full of life, and she loved children, just as she loved me. I remember

now how she looked—she threw her

wraps on the chair and came to me with open arms and laid hold upon the baby with some dear, trivial words of endearment.

"She wanted to take the baby up.

I shall never forget it. I said: 'Oh, Recipe: perfect homemade grape jelly. Crush Bring to boil over high heat, stirring conMother! Not now. She has been 31/2 lbs. ripe Concord grapes. Cover, simmer stantly. At once, stir in 7 cups sugar, bring

fretful, and I'm in a hurry to get her. 10 min., with \ l/2 cups water. Place in jelly to boil again. Boil hard 1 min. only, stirring

to sleep.'Mother nodded, stepped bag; squeeze out juice. Mix 5 cups juice with constantly. This short boiling time gives you

back, and sat over by the table look- 1 box SureJell in large saucepan. (Or use fresher flavor. And less juice boils away, so

ing at the paper while I finished preliquid Certo—recipe on bottle.) you get up to 50% higher yield!

paring the baby. In a little while

Mother went home. Your choice!

"It know, those happened—you SUREJELL

it things be would do happen—that natural fruit pectin powdered for that only a few Mother weeks more

would come in like that, wanting to love the baby, and me, too. I suppose or CERTO

that is what set it all sharply in my liquid natural fruit pectin memory. For weeks after she passed Pectin causes jelling.

away I never undressed the baby Remove from heat, skim off foam and pour Amounts of pectin

i fruits vary. 4:.:0\&H&$:0* n 12 Yield: at once. mother Paraffin without remembering glasses. and into my

ll JURE'J* with no guessing But a pennies cost of the mere at glasses I that her medium had warned away how get with recipes you &J8MJP! results with perfect of sure you're glass And difference night. it have would What Certo. SureJell or

:*#*'powdered use fruits you when all kinds of minutes, four three or Just made?

Foods of General Products liquid Certo! or SureJell

(Concluded on following page) SEPTEMBER 1957 677 What's a Minute More or Less?

(Concluded from preceding page) does not learn how to subordinate all out of all the years, for her to stand these things to little variations caused there and love that baby while I by the human equation misses some waited. of the most exquisite moments of

"But I would not be interrupted. I motherhood and wifehood."

had it in my mind, you see, that what The other mother listened, and her

I was doing was the most important face lighted and glowed with her mothing in the world. And it was not! ment of new understanding.

It was not nearly as important as to "I see,"she said, "you mean, which have lived through and enjoyed to was more important today: that you

the fullest having Mother come and should have dressed the baby a mintake up that baby and look at her ute or two, or even five minutes, while I sat beside them. earlier, or that you should have had

"Think of it—oh, if we only could that other wonderful moment which

think of it impersonally. A daughter, you did not let go, when all the chilin a home of her own, putting her dren were about you loving the baby."

to bed. of the the mother motherof-five And "That's The nodded.

all it,"herself SUKI SALLY'S babydaughter I she (who had done said. "In such a moment,

this for her) running in, and all of almost always stop to think now how them wetl and strong and happy. wonderful it is for me to be there, with

What more natural and beautiful them all, no matter how much they thing than to have had that minute seem to be interrupting, when they

Yield: 1 S'A x 4M -inch loaf together, just to enjoy and to rememcome to love the baby or me. You 2 cups sifted allpurpose flour ber? But no—I was the busy, worsee,"she added, "they grow up so

teaspoons 2)4 Clabber Girl ried, hurried, anxious mother, bent soon. It is a little while at best that

Powder Baking f4 teaspoon salt on doing her duty and getting the we have them, when they are small sugar cup off to time. at a certain M bed yet, if baby and adorable. That not And we are

shortening cup I for, so was all had a careful, a great of room we lost deal the we lose chopped cup nut meats \4.%

1 teaspoon grated lemon rind beautiful and memorable minute. special joy that comes to us but once."

14 cup seedless raisins "After that I began to take notice. She smiled, then looked up with

1 egg 1 cup milk I watched myself. I saw that when her shy dignity.

my husband wanted to tiptoe into the "Perhaps you will laugh at me,"

Sift together flour, Baking Powchildren's room with a caller to show she smiled, "but I so often think how, der, salt, sugar. in shortand Cut the sleeping baby, I was likely to say, twenty years from now, I would give is fine. until mixture ening Blend

in nut meats, lemon rind, and rai- 'Oh, not tonight! If you wake her I anything in the world to have some

sins. Beat egg and milk together. can't get her to sleep again for a long of these moments back that I might

ingredients; to all at once dry Add time.'something doing if I was That I did be not throwing away now if

is stir flour until just mixture for the he called to come baby and me to think. stop from years Twenty into batter Spoon dampened. a

greased and floured 8% x 4>2 x and look at something, I would annow it won't be the moments when I 2K -inch loaf pan. Bake in a 325F. swer: 'Why, I can't come! I've got to get them dressed on time that I'll be

(slow) 1 hour. oven about felt like this.'playCool finish if he That or back, the wanting moments when

is thoroughly. better stored Bread I night, at the ing with was baby of to a bit without bed I put them slicing. before hours 24

likely to interrupt them just on the interruption from anybody. The modot of the child's bedtime. ments I am going to remember

it so I beto me, and all came are "And interruptions the themselves—the it's the fresh ingredients Remember I to see understand what in gan and times and gave when we all relaxed recipe your homebaked that make

things taste better; stay fresh longerl have since realized: that system is all ourselves the mere joy of being with

very well, and we must have it, and one another. And I am trying to

we must have efficiency, and rules for enjoy them—to live as I go along."

children; but that the mother who The motherof-one arose and held

GfRt out her hands. "Do you know,"she

Guaranteed * by < said, "you have saved such moments Good Housekeeping just this morning too? for me, Why, HIS FIRST TEACHER ftjJV 0006 ACTING I TO to to the take not I did window baby

Ih'tfGPOWPE'J E. Berry Catherine By father because to her goodbye wave

I was bathing her. Why didn't I He's quite young—oh, please realize.

so proudly CLABBER GIRL PretendsNot half as old as he wrap her in a big towel and let her now today, wave at him anyway?"

I fear that's bravery;

NOW EXCLUSIVELY KNOWN AS So if he seems a wee bit shy, The women smiled into each other's

THE BAKING POWDER WITH THE He may be missing me; eyes, for there is a mother's love

BALANCED DOUBLE ACTION At least,That asuchmothera thinglikes couldto thinkbe! which lives in things so small that

only memory can find them out HULMAN AND CO., TERRE HAUTE, IND.

things a mother learns from her heart.

678 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA H... and a barn

n to play in.

by Nell Womack Evans

sometime child might every That brightgentle, blinks with exchange eyed horses, glimpse a brandnew- wobbly calf, perhaps discover in dark corners nested treasures of warm, freckled eggs, and climb in joyous Brigham Young coed is expert cook agony, furrowed and crooked steps to the paradise of a haymow, I would Wins Chicago Trip in Cooking Contest add "and a barn to play in"to the Miss Betty Louise Moyle, of Pleasing yeastraised specialties for school children's prayer. ant Grove, Utah, takes a final stitch lunch boxes again. And you'll find The barn should be red—a faded on the party dress she plans to take them easier to make with Fleischold building with lightning rods on with her to Chicago. This college mann's Active Dry Yeast handy. It

top and squeaky doors. From its sophomore entered cooking competikeeps for months on your shelf...

rafters should hang ropes of cobwebs, tion at the Utah State Fair last year always rises fast. When you bake at

circus nets to catch imaginary acroand won the trip plus a chance to home use Fleischmann's Active Dry

... bats performing for the eyes of childcompete in a national contest. Yeast as prizewinning cooks do

hood. There should be dust there, Like prizewinning cooks of all it's the very best.

uses ages, Louise Betty always a of animals, scent the with laden the Get new Yeast. Active Fleischmann's Dry jars filled of rusty shelf with high "TripleFresh"fast rising,"says. she "It's so "And

fine \\ "'-;'S1 nails; harness two leather and Pack really to use."easy

old saddles side by side, riding wooden September means you'll be makAnother Fine Product of Standard Brands Inc.

horses.

There should be spirals of hairy rope big enough to hide a child, and a hooded buggy, black with gold trim, and stinging whip intact near the driver's hand to spur the team on.

How easy then to make friends with real live horses whinnying in their wooden stalls, animals whose great quivering nostrils and venturesome family dinner manetossing had hitherto scared the daylights out of a child unaccusonce a week tomed to animals.

How natural then to extend a at the hand through the bars and stroke their silken noses and fill his own COFFEE with the heavy, burning scent and his mind with admiration for the honesty SHOP and grace of man's helper! How

easy, too, to transfer that newfound appreciation to the cow in her stall, forgiving her that belligerent stare her protection to her young!

The barn should have bins of amber gold, a queen's corn—pirate's

jewels, twinkling through the fingers, and for burying oneself in, absorbing Hotel Utah the fresh, musty flavor. And empty Max Carpenter stalls for climbing, bare feet hugging

the edge, hands clutching at posts Manager propelling him at last to the third or fourth rung on the ladder that leads to enchantment. Slowly now, heart

{Concluded on page 682) SEPTEMBER 1957 679 KITCHE11 CHflRm WAXED PAPER HONEY TREATS KEEPS FOOD FRESHER LONGER!

choice and sweet was honey to Honey Corn Bread

So the ancient Greeks they called it the nectar of the gods. 1 cup sifted flour

Today's housewives who use honey 3 teaspoons baking powder regularly may have less dramatic de- 1 teaspoon salt scriptions, but they also praise this 1 cup yellow cornmeal wholesome, quickenergy food. 11 egg,cup milkslightly beaten

POPULAR WITH MILLIONS Honey, like sugar, is easy to keep, l/4 cup melted butter

OF HOUSEWIVES... easy to use, and is always available. 3 tablespoons honey

AT ALL LEADING GROCERS It has a distinctive flavor which for many is a pleasant variation from Mix and sift flour, baking powder, and salt. thoroughcornmeal and mix Add as usual jams. sugars the Used and SPECIAL! HARVEST

ly. butter, milk, egg, and Combine in it gives ingredient foods them Store Wheat Now an flour into honey. and Pour mixture

pleasant aroma. a and new Grind Your Own stir just into until moistened. Pour

Flour & Cereal in 1, %-iri. 9 x 9 x pan, Bake breads, Cookies, cakes and made buttered

with this for (425 F.) hot oven minabout 20 their longer freshness sturdy with honey keep

because honey helps them to retain utes. Serve hot. Yield: nine 3-inch

squares. WHEAT MoreMILLThan moisture and retards staling... a

5,000 Sold real boon to homemakers who like to To Date do their baking in advance.

ONLY Baked Squash In addition, honey is a versatile

seeds. half add each Remove To the breakwise. to any meal of $6 50 food which can bring extra goodness Wash squash and cut in half lengthday—to that

of tea- 1 tablespoon honey and one POSTPAID fast eggnog, that sandwich, lunchtime ANYWHERE butter. Bake at 400 F. until that sauce to top off dinner. spoon sundae AMERICAIN or is tender. squash

versatile honey Use

//.ill or cracks grinds corn wheat, and as a all spread on bread and toast Honey Coconut Delight grains. of kinds or soft hard lVi Grinds fruits cereals on and

flour of minute. cereal or pounds per

... Fully guaranteed by Pehrson's. in sweetening beverages 1 cup shredded coconut

SPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS in cooking Y4 cup butter in salad dressings P/2 cups finely crushed vanilla wafer

Please send me one Wheat Mill. Enclosed is

$6.50 (check or money order.) in glazing meats and vegetables crumbs

Name in canning and preserving 1 package orangeflavored gelatin

Address in breads, cakes, and cookies 1 cup hot water ]/2 cup honey City 2 tablespoons lemon juice

State If you are one of the many home- 1 cup evaporated milk, chilled and makers who already use honey, or if whipped surprising enjoy your family with you HARDWARE PEHRS0N flavors and combinations, new try Saute coconut in butter until golden SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 2102 SOUTH 11th EAST these honey treats: brown,.stirring constantly. Add crumbs

680 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and mix well. Press half of mixture

in bottom of 9x9x2inch pan.

Dissolve gelatin in hot water. Addhoney and lemon juice. Chill until 0

slightly thickened. Then fold in

whipped evaporated milk. Pour over

the coconutcrumb mixture in pan and top with remaining coconut and crumbs.

Chill until firm. Cut in squares. Makes

8 servings.

Honey Salad Dressing

1 egg, slightly beaten l/4 cup honey dash of salt y/2 tablespoons lemon juice guarantees /2 cuP cream, whipped

COMBINES BERNARDIN l/2 cup coconut, toasted ONLY for you FEATURES good canning 5 SAFETY THESE

Combine egg, honey, salt, and lemon Lidtells snapsyou a downgood.. vacuum.shows andhas Sparkling white food acid resistant enamel on the

juice in top of double boiler. Cook been reached. food surface of Bernardin Snap Lids helps protect the

if is can. of foods the you nutritional values up snaps vacuum flavor and stirLid thickened, until waterover lost. recan. and Correct cause tells sight and Signal you Safety by Snap twoway The Fold minutes. 5 Lid stickslidesring out without constantly—aboutboiling if seal, the safe you warns a you have sound when by to use. ing... ready Chill. cream. intocarefully whipped

... the cause correct to in is time lost seal warns you of coating white side Food

Just before serving, fold in toasted cocofood acid resistant enamel. and recan.

rings give highLive latex salad. with fruitnut. Serve Top with features guarantee good exclusive Bernardin These seal.

coconut. toastedadditional Makes. than for Bernardin l l/2 vacuum pay no more.. yet you canning

cups salad dressing. Suggested fruit you would "for ordinary caps and lids. You'll find

salad: Orange segments and coconut on Bernardin 2-piece Caps and Snap Lids in all popular

bed of lettuce and watercress. sizes at most good food stores. Lay in a supply now

for the season ahead.

LIDS Weie*u# SNAP AND CAPS IND. LLE, EVANSVI BOTTLE CAP CO., Honey Butter BERNARDIN BERNARDIN

Blend ]/2 cup butter with l/2 cup honey. Beat thoroughly. Store in refrigerator. If a thinner butter is desired For God so loved

the that world, Heuse % to 1 cup honey to ]/2 cup butter. gave only begotHis "GET $505100AND MORE

ten that Son, whosoTIME SPARE IN YOUR

WITH MY EASY Broiled Grapefruit evershouldhelieveihnot perish,in Him but have everlasting SUCCESS PLAN''

J. ELLIOTT Says RUTH in life."grapefruit. Cut and dry Wash

liott Card Co. Greeting John 3.J6 El Elyria, Ohio perhalf to each halves, allowing one

son. Loosen pulp from peel with a NO EXPERIENCE NEEDED. If you want

yourself, for to extra get money cut seeds knife. and sharp Remove or school organgroup, church your other beThis and

is plan proven ization here an easy center with fibrous tough out the loved of portions years. for successful over 25

scissors. Pour 2 tablespoons honey on Holy Writ appear in IT'S EASY! Just show Elliott Prizeeach half and place on cold broiler the sixth edition of the winnersWhen theyto needfriendsCHRISTMASand other &folks.ALL

rack set about 4 inches below burner. OCCASION Greeting Cards (Tall or

ChristRegular), Imprinted Name until or 375 F. 15 minutes, Broil at Gifts Stationery, and Cards mas & Bibie peir 0lm in their Gift Wrappings, send YOU serving slightly each Garnish brown. version of the Magnificent condensed it! all their is to orders. That's

with a.maraschino cherry. Serve at King James Old and New Testaments FAST SERVICE GUARANTEED!

once. EARN TOP PROFIT plus BIG CASH

BONUSES. Even people who have

.SCH001 soldhow muchcardsmorebeforetheyareamazedatget with Elliott

items. Weekly, folks like you are

more. and getting $100, $200 $50,

write: I it, For additional honey recipes that to prove can you do want ALTERED ONE NOT WORD

I'll rush and Mail the too! coupon Madison American Honey Institute, evBoxes Sample (ON & APPROVAL) FITS IN POCKET, 3, 4%"x6%". COAT

started to get erything you need Wisconsin. PERFECT HANDBAG. GIFT TRAVELER'S once. thouat Many making money

BEAUTIFUL, DURABLE, BLACK LEATHERsands have succeeded, so can YOU!

ETTE COVER, GOLD LETTERING IT COSTS NOTHING TO TRY!

LARGE, EASILY READ PRINT FREE GIFT for promptness

OF NAME BOOK TOP OF EACH PAGE. TODAY! COUPON SEND NO MONEY—MAIL EVERY VERSE, CHAPTER NUMBERED

| CO. ELLIOTT GREETING CARD

STREET RIDGE 437 EDITION HANDSOME

Elliott: Mrs. Please Dear BIBLE PAPER everything Only $] 50.I pie I rush—ONneed toELYRIA,startAPPROVAL—sammakingOHIO money boxes &

AT LEADING BOOK STORES, AND |I theimprintfriendlysamplesElliottincluded.)way. (Free Christmas & Stationery

I ADDRESS Publishers, Crown MY NAME Jtic. CITY ZONE STATE

N. Y. 419 FOURTH AVENUE, NEW YORK, (if any) ORGANIZATION

SEPTEMBER 1957 681.. and a barn to play in."Trained Workers get better jobs ".

FASTER PROMOTIONS, TOO! (Concluded from page 679)

pounding, eyes glowing as they glance

For business training that pays dividends you for years back to the deep tawny now deserted, to this enroll come, at quarter Business College. LDS

to then Sleeping up Beauty's castle, office Our modern machines, coupled latest with the professional methods will rank you high when comRumplestiltskin spinning gold, while peting in the business world. Over 125,000 successful at the farthest corner Cinderella's

graduates. Write today for schedules, etc. carriage waits!

Autumn Quarter Starts September 9th dreamsThey'reand allothers,in inmymybarn,lofty, thesefaraHeavy demand for stenograway tower lit by a rectangle of sunphers—both men and women. beams, permeated with the sweet

Mr. E. Nelson, George Tooele, smell of hay. The hay smoke is mist mastered stenotypy (machine

shorthand) in just from silvery seas, its odor perfume six months of night from Arabian Nights, its dusty taste school at LDS.

ambrosia of gods, and the child lucky enough to experience this treat a fairy prince himself, or a new Alice in a Wonderland of her own. Business CoCCege "... And a barn to play in. A red, LDS

70 NORTH MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY PHONE EM 3-2765 faded old thing, with lightning rods

on top and squeaky doors. Oh, sometime in the storm of childhood, the

snug harbor of a barn to every child."

FIVE GENERATIONS SKINIf you are PROBLEMS?troubled with rough, dry,

scaling or itching skin or are an adoles- -ofcent with skin troubles and have given up in despair, thinking no product would relieve or skin, heal your then you M0RM0NISM owe Gift The of Tongues it to try yourself to H & OINTMENT. M Cleo By Grigg Johnson this Your druggist has marvelous healing (Continued page from 623)

will ointment and gladly refund your most readable study religion of A if money not are you repleased with in action. sermon Gives ancestry "My lasted forty of Dr. minutes

It is Ansults. to pleasant use, odorless and derson Irvin Grigg, early an convert I and have never addressed skincolor. a more to the Church, follows and with up attentive, respectful a more audience. four generations of his descendants

with kindred families. My listeners were in perfect rapport—

This book is a fine example of this I knew when I saw tears in their what one sufficiently person interABSOLUTELYflGUARANTEED TO SATISFY. eyes. Some of them at least, perhaps ested in history family can do. Elder Everton in the March 1957 "GeneGet it at your drug*Mstore, or order from most of them, who did not understand

alogical says Helper"this: "Intensely English, the gift had of interpretation.

interesting family histories & H LABORATORIES M "Brother Sidney Christie,.. a native fascinating. entertaining 151 EAST. and.. 2ND NORTH, NEPHI, UTAH

inspiring reading even to Zealander, one been who had a stuwho 1 or. - $1.25 2 oz.—$2.00 New

is only faintly acquainted with some dent at POSTPAID the Brigham Young Univerof its characters."

An excellent volume to have in sity, at the close of my address, each stake and ward library as a whispered to me, 'Brother McKay, guide for those wishing to do their they got your message.'

own compiling. Replete with pictures and charts. mon/tae 'Yes,'I replied, T think so, but

for the benefit of some who may not Copies Are Available at $5.00 k FOLDING

Prepaid BANQUET have understood, we will have Brother Meha give a synopsis of it in

Order from TABLES Maori.'

"During the translation, Prices of some CLEO GRIGG JOHNSON Dlreef to Discounts the Maoris corrected him on some

Schools, Box 724 Church points, that showing they clear a had Clubs, Lodges, Ontario, Oregon of conception Institutions and all in what said been had

English. "Two subsequent experiences, one occurred of which that on memorable TRUCKS MONROE storing For Eachand wayTables tour, Chairstruck world enabled to realize DRINK me easy,either modernFoldingtables handlesthetion of chairs.permits Construe*storage No. TSCor Transport Storage clearly spirit more the how Truckspace. in limited Truck No. TS

Write of ficqo A delightful types of infor MONROEDiscounts Foldingand CatalogTables,showingand Trucks.54 sizes Alsoand terpretation may come.

hot beverage for those popular line of Folding Chairs, "On one occasion when I was addon't drink coffee. who dressing at audience an Syria, Aintab, THE "WtWlOC COMPANY

'249 GROCERS YOUR STREET, CHURCH COLFAX. IOWA I realized that Wilford Booth, Elder J.

682 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA who was translating in the Turkish language, had interpreted incorrectly a thought I had expressed and, although I did not then—and do not

now—understand a word of Turkish,

I stopped Brother Booth in his translation and said, 'That was the wrong interpretation, Brother Booth.'

"I then repeated my sentence. 'How (00

-did you know, Brother McKay,'he asked. 'I gave the opposite meaning.'

"Later when I was called to preside over the European Mission, I was.. and

one day addressing an audience at

Rotterdam, Brother Cornelius Zappey it's good was interpreting and, on that occa- A sion, I had an experience identical for them to that which occurred with Brother of Milk

Baking Royal Booth. When I called Brother ZapLake Salt and Ogden Co in Every Loaf

pey's attention to what I felt was not the correct interpretation, he laughingly said before Enriched with VITAMINS and IRON to the audience, making the correction, 'There is no need of my interpreting, Brother

McKay understands Dutch."6

MAIL COUPONThis is an experience by Brother You will love to read this

A. Alonzo Hinckley:

day, "One when I was alone, visitnew VISUAL AIDS GRIND FLOUR ing the people among at Rotterdam, to it BIBLE AS YOU was go back my duty to the homes in which I had left tracts and reThe beloved possess the literature. As I went I King James verNEED IT!

gathered the booklets, [and] some sion, unaltered The Secret power that I cannot understand, %&m and unabridged, of a possessed me until I quaked and tremill*-1 i**—without note or Truly

bled. I stood and looked at the house comment, teemNutritional

at which I was to call and felt as if ing with pictures Bread is its that make Freshly I to could not the door. go But I "P. * live story and Ground so, fortitude knew duty and with my with glow new Flour

I determination, and to the went meaning.

house, raised the knocker and dropped mill flour stone grinds household Your own flavor. superb it. Almost instantly, the door opened OVER 500 ILLUSTRATIONS with LEE Household Get a

Electric Mill. Flour

bake. and an irate woman stepped out and throughout this remarkable new you Assure your.. familygrind yourof anflourhonestas

closed it behind her. She talked in Bible are placed right in the text loaf!

a very loud shrill vojce, berating me in the exact places where they are AutomaticEconomical PortableElectric clarify illuminate and needed for Write recipes today prices—free food and severely. most

buildings, Bible the offer, introductory Savefacts. on send below coupon "I realize did for not a tostory—places, moment,

with or for 5-lb. choice order check money plants, trees, everyday animals,

I it's the shipped. ground package—stone that day as was understanding Dutch clothing, articles, customs, people, LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY clearly as she though spoken had features. other and many maps A——Wisconsin "HB MB I—l—1————Milwaukee,———I felt English. supernatural power, no Lee IE-4 Engineering aid. Dept. teaching Company, valuable most

1, Wis. or influence, or feeling. I just knew 51 Blue Buckram $3.00 2023 W. Wisconsin Avenue, Milwaukee

every word she was saying. She 52 Black Leatheroid $4.25.... Deaf Smith Flour, 5-lb. pkg. Pp. only $1.50

spoke so loud that a carpenter, who Size 7 1/2x5 1/8 in..... Wis. -Minn. Flour, 5-lb. pkg. Pp. only $1.00

was working across the street, buildSend now for free descriptive leaflet to Dept. IE

Name ing a porch on a little store, heard Available through your bookstore

Street I her and, I supposed, thought was PRESS CLEARTYPE COLLINS

City.... State. the abusing over woman, for he came N. Y. L FOURTH AVE., 425 NEW YORK 16,

to where we stood and brought his son with him and, greatly to my NEW ZEALAND TEMPLE alarm, carried a broadax. he DEDICATION The to Arizona? Coming April 1958 20, Inc. *999f.? his position took near and man Air me American Pan for Write us rentalsInc. sightseeing, hotel, most meals, much listened to the continued woman, who is—nonscheduled more. This not a chartered property. homes—farms income

escorted personally scheduled a but following page) flight (Continued on especially for tour most LDS on America's REALTY HEYWOOD airline. experienced

experience Office. remarkable Historian's Ms. The CALIFORNIA INTERMOUNTAIN NEWS Ariz. E. Camelback—Phoenix, occurred Netherof in the Hinckley Elder A. Alonzo Ave. 1023 Los Angeles 29 342 N. Western

Mission. lands

SEPTEMBER 1957 683 The Gift of Tongues

(Continued from preceding page) language and testify of the divinity her tirade against me in a shouting of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ.

SVAPORATtB voice. I thought if I could only explain to

MILK, "I did not grow angry at the her the importance of my message and woman's abuse, but my soul was filled the good it would do her, she would with a burning desire to speak her not berate me as she does now.

It's better blending

Cm...that good

\Jwr \Jurn'wvv lorowers Morning Milk 1npamna

Richard L. Evans

Enjoy tastier dishes by using Last week we talked of the impossibility of being ever alto- *0 Morning Milk instead of gether on our own—for there is no way of endangering

ordinary milk or cream. For ourselves, or doing what we shouldn't do, without its having

Morning Milk is superits effect on others. Whatever price is paid, parents and

children, brothers and sisters, and others also, share in some homogenized to a creamydegree in the payment of the price. This suggests a further

smooth consistency to blend Cm side of the same subject: as to why people sometimes seem 2

to feel that they have a full right to impair their own lives, 2 better with all other ingred- 2 or to impair their own powers, on the assumption that it is ients. their life to live, and that what they do shouldn't concern

Cm No other form of milk can anyone else. But it has to concern someone else. When

2 anyone defies the laws of health, for example, and becomes 2 guarantee such superior Cm.ill, others have to care for him. When anyone defies the

cooking results., laws of safety and is injured, others have to care for him.

No one can hurt himself without hurting others also. Some

will challenge this. But what hurts us does hurt others. Cm Cm

Furthermore, we have received so much from others, present

Cm and past, that we in turn have an obligation to work, to 2:,-,-: -,*3 2 contribute to the health, to the happiness, to the richness of Cm

i Cm the world. And if we acquire habits, or do those things, or 2

2 take unto ourselves that which would impair our own output, 2 2 that which would impair our own capacity, we are somehow 1

American upholstered chairs 1 robbing the world of what we owe. And while we may have Cm

with pew ends Cm the freedom to ruin our own lives, we do not have the moral right to earnest ruin them. An American Seating offers I

life pupils: smaller""Never make I scholar1—notthusin pleadedany dimension.with his 2Cm comfort and dignity I Don't destroy, but contribute. Don't impair your own

in church furniture I powers, or impair the powers or property or possibilities of

For comfort, dignity, and quietness in Cm others. We owe other men an honest effort, even if only for

church seating, choose American Seating Cm the privilege of living among them, (even if only for the rrO upholstered chairs. They offer beauty and blessing of not being left in loneliness). We owe a debt to

durability, correct posture; are adaptable all pioneers of the past who broke new frontiers, who searched,

to curved rows. I and found great truths, who defended freedom, and who

Cm Seating churches American More buy 1 life. all others, ourselves, enriched and and owe We life—our other products are than make. any If you Cm all, to of try to obligation the us be is the Father God who

build, write reseat, to remodel, planning or

Cm all or shall at our do judged by be what we we best—for requirements. in detail seating us about your

Cm fail to do with our time and our talents and with all that i

AMERICAN is ours. And while we may have the freedom to abuse ourSEATING 2 selves, we don't have a real moral right to do so. We have

Rapids 2, Mic!?. Depf. 169, Grand

I IN PUBLIC LEADER WORLD'S SEATING 2 noobligationright to makeall of theus—toworldtry smallerto be atorourpoorer.best. We have an

*Dr. Henry Boston. MONTANA RANCHES Cm

States Western Other 2 - SALE TRADE AlsoOR lA/ord from temple square S 1/ke Spoken

DAIRY 10,000 40 ACRES STOCK OR OR THE COLUMBIA Cm PRESENTED BROADCASTING OVER KSL AND listings free request Property sent on

COOK REALTY SYSTEM, JULY 21, 1957 Copyright 1957

Hamilton, Montana 1 (L.D.S. Owned and Operated) A

684 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "In a few moments she ceased her abuse, and I began speaking. I spoke in the Dutch language. I defended OUR LEADERS

the truth and bore testimony of the restoration of the Gospel. SPEAK

"I had forgotten the big man who. stood near me with his ax, and I TO YOUTH

looked at the woman and delivered Recorded testimonies of my message of truth; he put his arm President President Joseph

across my shoulders and, looking the David O. McKay FieJding Smith

woman in the face, said, 'The MorElder Richard L. e Elder Matthew

mon Church may have its black sheep, Evans Cowley but this is a man of God.'and 14 other Church leaders.

"The woman answered, 'I know it.'Priceless in the home. Invaluable to teachers, students, leaders.

"After our conversation, I went Especially designed for M MenGleaner use.

back home, hardly touching the 33'i rpm album plus 20 printed ground. It dawned upon me that the "pocket testimonies"

prayers I had offered, and perhaps ONLY $4.00 Postpaid Enclosed Find $

as a result in part, of study the hard Adult Educational Services, For OUR LEADERS SPEAK TO YOUTHAlbums of I made, had the of Audio prayers and those Visual Center at home, had been answered in a Name

Addressmoment, for I had spoken the Dutch BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY language intelligently for the first PROVO UTAH City & State time in my life.

"In ecstasy, I rushed home to tell

Brother Thatcher in the office, and to tell the president of the mission; but Why Share Your Space

when I attempted to speak, to my with a Swinging Door?

great dismay I was the same as before, I could not understand nor speak the language.

"President Farrell asked me if I would go to meeting that night. 'Yes,

President Farrell,'I answered, 'after a man has been blessed of the Lord as

I have been, I will gladly go, but I beg of you not to call upon me to LIVE BETTER speak even if someone translates what ELECTRICALLYI say.'

'Very well,'he said, T promise with you, Brother Hinckley, that if you go Full will notyou to be asked speak.'I H0USEP0WER towent meeting, and everything

progressed nicely, as I thought, until

Brother DeBry, the branch president, a "MODERNFOLD arose and, contrary to Brother Fardoor takes none rell's promise, said, 'We will now hear Electricity Costs So Little * MORE SPACE FOR LIVING from Elder Hinckley.'You Can Afford a Lot ** NEWRIGID COLORFULSTRENGTHBEAUTYOF STEEL

"President Farrell stepped forward, * MOVABLE WALLS greatly embarrassed, and asked, UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

'Brother Hinckley, shall I interpret for you?'modernfold "I felt a power I cannot describe. DOORS

'Wait, President Farrell,'I said as I stood upon my feet; and then I began

to speak, not in my native tongue, For demonstration write or phone inbut language. the Dutch then And ALDER'S there, firstand I delivered the Salt Lake City dis960 South Main

course in my life in the tongue of the Phone EM 4-8444 mission. The following morning I Qimdridc Please send me your free booklet entitled

"More Space for Living"IE10.

sent to presidewas NAME better over the AmsterThere is no 7

Address District."dam gift than a Bible. There$&flais no City State

7Ms. Historian's Office. better Bible than a Cambridge Bible.

SEPTEMBER 1957 685 Melchizedefc Priesthood aunes irlusic (Concluded from page 673) "Wherefore, now let every man field of priesthood reactivation. As learn his duty, and to act in the office

long as there are those who do not in which he is appointed, in all dilikeep all the standards of the Church gence.

and who are not sealed to their is slothful shall not be families in the temples, there will be "He that need for priesthood reactivation. counted worthy to stand, and he that

Are we magnifying our callings by learns not his duty and shows himbringing the full blessings of the self not approved shall not be counted priesthood into the lives of those with worthy to stand "(D & C 107:99whom we are assigned to labor? 100.)

These Times

(Continued from page 610) external pressures from their own imwas 30 in 1939 is now 48. A 20year old mediate neighbors, the satellite comof 1945 is 32. The Soviet community of munist states. The pressures range from

1957 is far different than the Soviet revolts in East Germany, Poland, and community of 1917, 1927, 1937, or even Hungary, to subtle new elements in 1947. communist doctrine. Examples: (1)

Over seventy years ago, a young proTito's "national (rather than interfessor of political science by the name national) communism"; and, (2) Mao's

of Woodrow Wilson wrote these words: fundamental challenge to political

"The law of some particular state may orthodoxy, his doctrine of political "conseem to be the command of a minority tradictions."These two doctrinal presTito's and Mao's, are of great it sures, state; only of those the compose who it Everyone has heard says: who importance. utter like will of only the even in form just "This organ sounds a may

pipe organ!"We invite you to a single despot; but in reality laws which a. "Titoism"is a fundamental chalcompare organ this new Conn or arbitrary despotic the from aulenge to political, Soviet economic, and with other the issue any on instrument

thority of the... can few never be given even military leadership; the hence find its You'll market! performance incomparable... its price full effect unless in one form or another crushing of Hungary nearly a year ago.

amazingly low. the power of the community be behind Titoism is a fundamental heresy, like

of the Middle unified and Get FREE them."Stalin's power derived from a revoluAgesthe "conciliarwhich challengedmovement"the

Demonstration at tionary mechanism that enveloped and undisputed leadership of the Roman

DAYNES MUSIC controlledsecret police,the communityeconomic throughcontrols, party,and thePapacyPapacyin emergedwestern unchallengedEurope. Althoughas the

Organists, organ committees and military power. Today the secret police final authority on Catholic religious

all music lovers are cordially inare in (at least temporary) eclipse. faith and morals, the reverberations

vited to a demonstrationrecital the conciliar influenced movement a from Khruschev symbolize and Zhukov Glen by Mr. Pratt in our store

the protestant revolutions estabwhich political alliance. It controlling new, time. obligation. any No

is an alliance between partypriests and lished protestant "Titoisms"all over aunes Music armyFor chiefs.reasons which take the "comwesternis rough,Europe.but it willThe do.historical parallel

munity"into account more than ever, b. Mao's. "contradictions"theory

the partypriests and the armychiefs strikes, doctrinally, an even stronger 145 NORTH UNIVERSITY. PROVO Salt Lake City have united to reorganize the economic internal blow at communist dictatorsystem. Those reasons? Desire for ship. It is far from recognizing the

material wellbeing; the satisfaction of principle of the "individual testimony"

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS new tastes cultivated by Soviet "politiof a free conscience as contrasted with

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple cal"and "scientific"education; and, the centrally imposed and enforced

sore throat and other minor mouth drifts of information from abroad. "orthodoxy"of communism. But it

and throat irritations. 3. International pressure. The Soviet moves a hair's breadth away from ensystem has been operating against proforced orthodoxy. It moves a snail's

HALLS REMEDY facefoundofinternaltremendoustensions,pressureand alsofromin thethe pacesent, sometowardsdisagreementthe notion withthat thesomeparty'sdisSalt relations. of international Lake City. Utah world These central authority, tolerated. be may The

-ii''!:<'<'>('<-M(>-i.<-<MH >--<) external the is with pressures hardened doctrine, in short, "contradicthat

Whenever you moveTrumanago, what DoctrineWalter Lippmannin 1947. calledTen years"the tions"of whatbasedpeopleon orindividualgroups consideror local viewsto be

Send your old mailing label toCold War"began. The United States, their vital interests, are the normal exgether with your new address to at the outer periphery, has since conpectation within a political society; they

structed a tremendous, worldwide mushould be regarded as such, and perhaps

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tual defense system. It is aimed at nothing more, except as projects for

50 North Main Street possible Soviet aggression. More than "education"or communist missionary

Salt Lake City 16, Utah this, the Soviets have been under work.

686 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The doctrine of "contradictions"is at sharp disagreement with past practice and Stalinist doctrine. When "the The Tribune Wins The Coveted

revolution"has taken place, and the working class placed in power (underthe leadership always of the communist PULITZER PRIZE party elite, according to basic comFor its great coverage of the crash last June of two airliners munist doctrine) there can be no conover the Grand Canyon, The Salt Lake Tribune has received time. against deadline local reporting Prize for Pulitzer agreement. Those who thetradictions—only very to the Tribune the of Salt Lake In adding The name of course, "enemies"do not agree, are,

of the working class and must be deselect roll of American newspapers which have won Pulitzer stroyed. Prizes for their distinguished journalistic services to the

Readers may detect a faint recognipublic, the Pulitzer Prize judges called The Tribune's crash tion of the Maocontradictions doctrine, coverage "A team job that surmounted great difficulties in by Khruschev and associates, in the redistance, time and terrain."

cent Soviet economic and political The Pulitzer Prize came as a supreme award to a newspaper shakeups. Malenkov, Molotov, and which for 86 years has covered its fourstate Intermountain

Kaganovich were virtually labeled as newsbeat in fulfillment of this region's need for broad, obparty enemies. Yet they were not shot. jective coverage of the whole area. The Grand Canyon crash

Nor as yet have they been tried and site was 425 miles from The Tribune city room, but the convicted for "crimes"against "the distance shrank to "city limits"when this newspaper set people."But no affirmation or restateout to "surmount distance, time and terrain"in covering a

ment of the doctrine has come out of story "that the West and the world eagerly wanted to read.

manifestation ofMoscow. However, its counterpart in The story and—the Pulitzer Prize—was a

foreign relations, "peaceful coexistence,"The Tribune's timehonored regional news concepts which has been widely trumpeted since Stalin's have made this newspaper "the tie that binds the Inteldeath. mountain West."

One of the keen tests of authority in any human association is (1) its attitude towards its own membership and (or attitude "foreign policy")(2) its alt $kt gteibtm* society. intowards bodies other

In this connection it is well to recallthe formula expressed by Joseph Smith wuTzmmzein 1842 (the eleventh article of faith of One of America's Great Newspapers the members of the Church of JesusChrist of Latterday Saints) X "We claim the privilege of worshiping Almighty God according to the dictates of our own conscience, and allow all men the same privilege, let them worship how, where, or what they may."

This religious principle, profoundly vitOzonesignificant for the internal government "LIVING AIR"OZONATOR purifies air, oxidizes odors and external relations of a religious soin homes up to eight rooms.

ciety, is equally important in the world of politics. It is a fundamental expresBetter Health for 2c a Day

sion of freedom of conscience, religious, for Electricity political, economic, artistic, literary, Purified air brings improved educational, or whatnot. health! Polluted air often causes

Russian policy took a turn in the sumsufferingdisease andfromillness.asthma,Ifrespiratoryyou are

mer of 1957. There was a slight shift, diseases or other illness due to

only slight, towards the type of economic breathing impure air, Try Breathand political arrangements admired in ing this TRIATOMIC OXYGEN the western world. But freedom of conhave((>). foundManyrelief.users tell us they

science, the dearest political possession "Your Health Reflects the of the west, seems far off. Air You Breath"

is of In the west, conscience freedom Breathe "Nature's Own"

Supplement to Better Health PRODUCES NEGATIVE AIR IONStolerated religious basic of the because view that man owes subservience of Manufacturers VITOZONE COMPANY opinion to no one, for, God has so cre5628 HOLLYWOOD BLVD. HOLLYWOOD 28, CALIF. PHONE Hollywood 2-4101

ated man and blessed him with this DISTRIBUTORDEALER TERRITORY STILL OPEN freedom. The major difficulty in the

communist world is that man has created political power, based on a false image of man: man as a clever, if warmblooded, mammal. A different concepSubscribers who wish to bind the 1956 volume of their ERA are informed

tion of man will be required in the that the annual index is still available from

Soviet Union before current shifts and of political policysways economic and large in THE IMPROVEMENT ERA meaning.have But any step

the right direction is welcome. 50 North Main Street Salt Lake City 16, Utah

SEPTEMBER 1957 687 The teacher asked her kindergarten class how many stars A hypochondriac is one who can't leave being well enough they could see at night. After receiving answers ranging alone.

from "more than a hundred"to "too many to count,"she called on Georgie. His answer was, "three."

"But Georgie, how is it that you saw so few stars, when Two camera enthusiasts were discussing their hobby. "This

the other children found so many?"morning,"said one, "I saw an old lady huddled beneath

"Well,"said the youthful Georgie, apologetically, "our rags. She was hungry and homeless. She told me she

backyard is very small."came from a prominent family but had lost her wealth."

"The poor thing,"said the other photographer. "What

did you give her?"

"Well, it was sunny"the first replied, "so I gave her fll

George Bernard Shaw was eatat 1/ 100th."

ing in a restaurant one day and was disturbed by the loud playing of an orchestra. Summoning the

waiter, Shaw asked: During the quail season, an

"Does the orchestra play on reold man was hunting with an quest?"ancient pointer. Twice the dog

"Oh yes, sir,"said the waiter. pointed. Each time the hunter

"Excellent,"snapped Shaw. walked over, kicked at the matted

"Kindly tell them to play chess."growth, wheeled sharply and

fired into empty air.

Asked why, the old man explained: "I knew there warn't

Groucho Marx once refused to grant an adendorsement no birds in the grass. Old Jim's

which would have put his picture on every railroad and nose ain't what it used to be.

subway station billboard in the country, remarking, "No, But him and me have seen some thanks. I already have a moustache."wonderful days together. He's

still trying hard and it'd be mighty little of me to call him a liar."During a bad electrical, storm, mother thought her young son would be frightened, so she tiptoed into his room to comfort him. Husband: Where is all the grocery

The boy opened his eyes and mumbled, "What's daddy money going that I give you?"

doing with the TV now?"Wife: "Stand sideways and look in

the mirror."

m m It was the young housewife's first dinner party in her new home and her preparations for the big event had been long and painstaking. Everything went smoothly until, in the

middle of dinner, one of the guests leaned over and whispered, smiling, "Did you really mean that note in the bathroom for us?"

For a moment she was puzzled, then complete confusion came as she remembered the forgotten sign neatly pinned to the guest towels, and meant for her husband's eyes alone, which read: DON'T

YOU DARE TOUCH THESE TOWELS1

Grammarians say you should never end a sentence with a Two druggists were talking about one of their associates preposition, but here's one that ends in not one but five. who had died.

First Druggist: "He was a great druggist."

upstairs father the bookcase a took from and went book A Druggist: Second "He was, but don't you think he made

visit sick his toto son read the boy and him. When saw his potato salad too salty?"

the title of the book in his father's hands, he exclaimed:

"Daddy, what made you bring that book to read to me to out of up for?

A husband thought to cure his wife of her habit of backseat driving by teaching her to drive herself. The plan didn't

work until one evening while out with friends the wife took the wheel and ordered her husband to sit in the back.

At a busy intersection the engine stalled. Traffic piled up

Car salesman (proudly): "This is our best model—the one behind.

we are pushing.""What do I do now?"wailed the woman, uncomfortably.

Customer: "No thanks. I have to push the one I have "I'm sure you'll remember,"said her husband, "if you just

now."move back here."

688 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Now discover the difference in tuna!

White Star Tuna—the one with the delicate flavor!

Enter and enjoy a new world of eating pleasure with White Star Tuna...the tuna

with delicate, deliciously better flavor.

Deliciously better because White Star is the primefillet of tuna, carefully pressurebaked so every morsel is moist, firm, so very tender. We believe it's the finest

To be sure, look complement you can have for your own for the mermaid tuna salads, sandwiches or casseroles.

on the label! WHITE STAR TUNA, A PRODUCT OF CHICKEN OF THE SEA, INC.

"SHARING THE GOOD THINGS OF LIFE"

HAPPY FAMILIES<DO THINGS TOGETHER

Even a preschool visit to the shoe store can be Most parents these days are acutely aware of a funfilled family excursion... except for Dad, who what it costs to feed, clothe, and educate a growing

may conclude the shoeshopping tour with a plea family... and many of them are doing something

like this: "Please, kids, walk carefully... and don't constructive about it. These happy Beneficial partake so many steps!"ents have discovered the peace of mind, the freedom

from worry about future financial problems that comes automatically with every Beneficial Life "Planned Futures"program. It's tailoredto-measure

for family needs.

Ask your Beneficial Life agent, or write today for the complete "Planned Futures"story BENEFICIAL LIFE G& David O. McKay, Pres Salt Lake City, Utah