J* 11 our Best Years Unfurl"

The spacious new BYU Library, above, has just opened its doors to students for the first time this semester, to become the heart of the great BYU academic upsurge. One

of the largest libraries in western United States, it is built to accommodate a million volumes and seat 3000 persons at one time.

At right is the new Smoot Administration Building at BYU, one of the most beautiful office buildings in the State of Utah. With artistic decor

and most modern equipment, it enables BYU officials to serve students comfortably and efficiently. HOMECOMING SCHEDULE

Oct. 20—Election of Homecoming Queen.

Oct. 30—Forum, Archduke Otto, champion of

7 democracy.

"our Best Years Unfurl/ theme for BYU's big homecoming, Oct. 30—Nov. 4, is esNov. 1—Devotionaleral Authoritiesassembly,as speaker.member ofStudentGenpecially appropriate, as glorious new matinee dance.

horizons appear for BYU, adding new Nov. 2—Queen's banquet and reception.

luster to its 86year history. This fall,

the new Library and Smoot AdministraNov. 3—Fieldhouse Frolics, sparkling variety

tion Buildings will be dedicated, marking show. Unveiling of paintings of past

homecoming queens and presentation another step in the school's program of of past queens in person. Evening

academic excellence. Everyone is cordance.

dially invited to visit. In addition, the Y Nov. 4—Parade in downtown Provo. OpenStudent Center, one of the largest union houses. Football game with Utah

buildings in the nation, is under way, and State University. Alumni banquet.

work has started on housing for 462 famiEvening dance. Concert by popular

lies of married students. Next will come artists.

a magnificent Fine Arts Center. Truly, the

best years of one of the world's greatuniversities, dedicated to the education Brigham Young of the WHOLE man, begin to unfurl.

UNIVERSITY PROVOUTAH SLTlltfE IT J HHi SATIATE JT mm

iiiiiiitiai For goodness sake, wm&kmXimMmm?; xmi WmmwMM lilllllli SALTINE IT

BY DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. with Purity *

Computers and heart disease Supreme Saltine

Great progress is being made inthe use of computers and other Crackers electronic equipment in the solution of medical problems. Complex and

difficult tasks can be programed for a computer, and the computer does the work. Medicine as other

fields of science is swamped by a vast amount of literature on this subject. The National Library of Medicine has a contract for the storing and

finding of information by computer programing. Other applications are

the storing of the medical history of a patient, and an "electronic"nurse to watch over patients. The

use of computers in medical diagnosis is receiving much attention.

One of the fascinating areas is that reported in the July 22, 1961,

Journal of the American Medical

Association by Drs. Homer R.

Warner, Alan F. Toronto, L. George Thin and crisp Purity Supreme Saltine Crackers do

Veasey, and Robert Stephenson of the Cardiovascular Laboratory of wonderful, flavorright things for all the other good the Latterday Saints Hospital and the departments of physiology and foods you serve. They're doujb/e-wax wrapped to

electrical engineering of the University of Utah. The mathematical stay fresher, longer, too. Get the sparkling package

approach to medical diagnosis has been applied to congenital heart with the red Supreme diamond trademark, and, for disease in which an equation has goodness sake, whatever you serve, saltine it...

been developed using the large number of 50 symptoms evaluated with Purity Supreme Saltines.

by the physician to give the probability for each of 33 diseases. The

performance of the computer in SUPREME BAKERS diagnosis is as accurate as the most probable diagnosis estimated by DENVER AND

SALT LAKE CITY three experienced cardiologists from SUPREME the same information and is better than any one of them.

OCTOBER 1961 693 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for October 1961 Volume 64, Number 10

Church Features

The Editor's Page: Our Missionary Corps, President David O. McKay 706

Your Question: Our Responsibility to Warn the World,

President Joseph Fielding Smith 708

Extracts from Addresses Given at First Mission President's Seminar in Salt

Lake City, June 26 to July 3, 1961.

Every Member a Missionary, President David O. McKay 709

Build up the Kingdom of God, President Henry D. Moyle 712

Don't Lose the Shepherds, President Hugh B. Brown 714 ART AND PHOTO CREDITS

Missionaries—Modern Miracles, President Joseph Fielding Smith 716 Photos

World Missionary Map 718 LorinRalph Wiggins,Reynolds, 707,709, 756711, 712,

United States Missionary Map 722 top 715, 716

Robert Perine, 710, bottom 715,

The Church Moves On, 696; Melchizedek Priesthood, Read the Book of Mormon, 756; Preright 717

siding Bishopric's Page, 758. Ralph Clark, center 715, left 717

Ernst Wittke, 728 Special Features Deseret News, 758

First Mission to Great Britain, Stanley B. Kimball 720 ArtTed Nagata, 714, 716, 726, 727

Censoring the Joseph Smith Story, Part III, Hugh Nibley 724 Early Nineteenth Century Prints, 720,

The Teacher's Mission, President A. Theodore Tuttle 728 Era721Staff, 718, 719, 722, 723

THE ERA OF YOUTH Between pages 732 and 733 Dave Burton, 760, 761

Dynamic Friendship, Ruth C. Ikerman 740

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 734, 738, 742

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 693; Letters and Reports, 698; These Times:

"... And None Shall Stay Them..."G. Homer Durham, 702.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

An Apple a Day... 760

Keep the Children Busy, Leigh Hayden 771

The Last Word 772

Stories, Poetry The Rivers of Babylon, Part I, Virginia Maughan Kammmer 726

Poetry 734, 744, 750, 752, 753, 762, 766, 770

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, 11, Utah THE COVER

Editors; L. Evans, O. David L. and Richard Editor; Green, Managing Doyle C. Associate Marba Josephson, Managing Editor; L. Zobell, Albert McKayEditor; Research G. Patricia Kinnear, Middleton, our cover John Carter E. Editorial Grant, photograph, Judith Stephan, Today's Florence B. Pinnock, FamilyJr., For

Editor; Editor; Era D. Marion Youth Hanks, The Era Associate Elaine The Cannon, Editor; Youth of RalphAssociates; Art Directors. and Reynolds Ed Maryon, photographer has Hal Rumel

Archibald S. F. Bennett. G. Durham,of Franklin Harris, Nibley, Homer Sidney Contributing B. Jr., Editors. Sperry, Hugh riotous caught magic, the the blend

T. Joseph General Bentley, Manager; Associate Bertha S. Reeder, General Manager; F. Business Scott, Verl Manager; Director; A. Subscription Snarr, Glen of color, that only can mean Evans, Regional Representative. Advertising Thayer

fall. glorious

Copyright Funds, 1961 by Mutual reserved. Subscription price S3.00 aInc..year,andin advance;publishedforeignby thesubscriptions,Mutual ImprovementS3.50 a year,Associationsin advance;of 33cthe singleChurchcopy,of JesusexceptChristfor specialof Latterdayissues. Saints. All rights

Entered of Octoberat 1917,the PostauthorizedOffice. JulySalt 2,Lake1918.City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. Act

Improvement The Era a word and must be accompaniedis not responsibleby sufficientfor unsolicitedpostage formanuscriptsdelivery andbut return.welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of 2c

Thirty changesdays'cannotnoticebe madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof address.as well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Coverby DeseretlithographedNews Press.in full color

694 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA OCKEf LIBRARY EDITIONS

1. MISSIONARY BIBLE Pocketsize edition of the LDS (Cambridge) Missionary Bible, complete with LDS Ready

Reference and Concordance. Black genuine leather. $8.50

2. TRIPLE COMBINATION Pocketsize that contains Book of

Mormon, Doctrine & Covenants, and Pearl of Great Price.

Black leather $6.50

3. HYMN BOOK Contains all the latest hymns found in the

most recent edition of the regular LDS Hymn Book, including instructions for conducting. Black leather $3.95

4. COMBINATION REFERENCE Pocket edition of Eldin Ricks'

comprehensive crossreference to all LDS scriptures.

Ideal aid for teaching, studying, presenting the Restored

Gospel. Black Fabricoid (Premoid Edition) $1.25

Our newest PocketLeather Editions!

5. JESUS THE CHRIST - James E. Talmage. LDS classic on the

Messiah and His Mission according to ancient and modern

Holy Scripture. Black leather $6.50

6. ARTICLES OF FAITH - James E. Talmage. Classic study of

the principal doctrines of the LDS Church. Black

leather $5.50

, "1! minimi DwcrctiSsBooh Co.

44 East South Temple Salt Lake City. Utah

DESERET BOOK COMPANY

44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

Gentlemen: Enclosed you will find check money order I have an account.

Please charge. Amount enclosed $ for encircled (numbered) books:

3 4 5 6 12 Name....

Address..

City Zone State Residents of Utah include 3% sales tax.

OCTOBER 1961 695 The Church Moves On

July 1961 BOOK OF MORMON STUDY GUIDE The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder by Eldin Ricks Rulon T. Hinckley as president of the French Mission succeeding President Edgar B. Brossard. At this time President

1350 to questions the text keyed point Hinckley is serving as a patriarch in the Emigration (Salt Lakethe reader's attention to treasures hidden of the Book of Mormon. An immensely City) Stake. He filled a mission in the Swiss German Mission,

popular aid to Book of Mormon study by 192123, when he presided over the French District. President

individuals and groups throughout the Hinckley served as a counselor in the Deseret (Utah) Stake presiChurch. Plastic comb binding. $1.50 dency for four years, and then moving to Salt Lake City, he has

served as Sunday School superintendent and later as bishop of the

BOOK OF MORMON STUDY Seventeenth Ward, Salt Lake Stake. He has also served as presiGUIDE - JUNIOR EDITION dent of the Emigration Stake high priests quorum. Mrs. Hinckley

An abbreviated version of the Book of and their youngest child, Mark, will accompany him to this new

StudyMormon Guide for young people Church assignment. Missionaries first brought the message of the

12 to 18. Looseleaf.

$1.00 restored gospel to France in 1850. It was from France that returning missionaries brought sugar beet seed to pioneer Utah.

The appointment of four board members of the Genealogical

Association was announced. They are Elders Howard S.

Bennion, Lorin N. Pace, G. Eugene England, and Zelph L.

Erekson.

The appointment of Elder Donald M. Bagley, second counselor

in the Cannon ( Salt Lake City ) Stake presidency, to work on the administrative staff of the Church welfare committee was announced.

The historic Nauvoo Temple bell rang anew on a Sabbath evening television program participated in by President

David O. McKay and religious leaders representing Catholics,

Jews, and Protestants of the Salt Lake City area. An electronically

Story of the Formation of the recorded chime of the bell will henceforth be used to give an hourly time signal on both KSL radio and KSLTV.

Book of Mormon Plates by Eldin Ricks August 1961

large text booklet with 8V2"xll"An and illustrating step America's Witness for Christ, the Book of Mormon pageant, step thedrawings by development of the Book of Mormon from concluded its annual presentation at the Hill Cumorah in

Nephi to Joseph Smith. $.35 upstate New York. Mission President Gerald G. Smith of

the Eastern States estimated that ninety percent of the spectators

OFF THE PRESS OCT. 10 during the four nightly performances were nonmembers. The

pageant was covered by television newscasts of several stations.

THE CASE OF Excerpts from this year's presentation of America's Witness

THE BOOK OF MORMON for Christ, the sacred pageant, were broadcast over the

WITNESSES National Broadcasting Company's network on their "Faith in Action"radio series.

Clothbound $1.50

Book of Mormon witnesses are Speaking to the youth of the Church in their regular interviewed before the "jury"in Sunday evening firesides, President Joseph Fielding Smith this persuasive new approach. of the Council of the Twelve told them that salvation is

based upon obedience to principles.

Available at L.D.S. bookstores Alaska Stake, the 331st now functioning in the Church, was

everywhere. organized from parts of the AlaskanCanadian Mission with Elder

Orson P. Millet sustained as president. His counselors are

OLYMPUS PUBLISHING CO. Elders Harry O. Arend and (Continued on page 742)

Box 137 Sugar House Station Salt Lake City, Utah

696 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1ST TO ILLU!

By LeGrand Richards

Prepare yourself for a treat! This book

is unconditionally guaranteed to delight you if you like a welltold story.

Here are dozens of fascinating true 'experiences gleaned from years of IPl traveling as a missionary and leader in the Church, told as only this powerful, enthusiastic speaker can tell them.

Its pages are packed with wisdom, with eternal truths, and uncanny insight. Wonderful family reading.

$3.25 ii '%#*;

TERRIFIC!!! NEW &

BINS

THE GLORY OF THE SUI

By Sterling W. Sill

The brilliant and enlightening radio messages of Elder Sill have at last been made available for ail the

Church to enjoy. Rich with dramatic

illustrations, these short but moving gospel messages cover a variety of topics. The sparkling stories, the

heartwarming experiences, and the easy flowing narrative will be long remembered. Contains a wealth of

material for speakers and teachers.

$3.50

BOOKCRAFT 1061

1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send encircled (numbered) books for which I enclose S in check ( ) or money order ( ).

OCTOBER 1961 697 Letters LETTERPRESS and Reports PRESERVING YOUR PRIDE IN CRAFTSMANSHIP

Perfect photoengraving plates after time time can be achieved: '-B.:: "s::-:>',::: MIA CONFERENCE IN HOLLAND

only with craftsmen entire time whose and ladies are of the These young members skills are to devoted Mission Netherlands and were photoMIA letterpress plates.

graphed as they participated in the mission's annual "Pinkster Conference"in

Rotterdam, Holland.

ROSE ENGRAVING CO. The threeday conference included mu1242 SANTEE ST. LOS ANGELES 15 RICHMOND 9-2396 sic, speech, drama, dance, and sports

activities and was highlighted by an outdoor (6 a.m.) testimony meeting. The

theme of the conference was "Be Humble"and the theme of the music festival was "This is My Father's World."

THEIR HEALTH IS IN YOUR HANDS!

Your children's health is NAVAJO BEEHIVE AWARD precious. Here's an into expensive get way inspiration to all her classmates,""An

their into more nutrition is praise given to Eloise the high Marie diet. Stone grind your

flour a few hours before Dandy by her Beehive teacher Sister baking your bread and Clark. she is (Mary Grant) Elwood Here

rolls. Enjoy pure wheat seen accepting percent individual a 100

... processed you by

avoid chemical additives. award from her bishop, David M. Merrill.

Eloise is the fourteenyear-old daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Albert S. Dandy of

Kayenta, Arizona. She became a member

INVEST IN A of the Farmington First Ward, Davis

LEE HOUSEHOLD ( Utah ) Stake, when she arrived in FarmFLOUR MILL ington to make her home with Mr. and Mrs.

Sherwin E. Smith for the school year. She

Automatic % in participating their this to has the able percent Indian been earn 100 awards

Portable of Student year. "foster says, feel the Church. Placement Program "I mother"Her Electric #

it that of as leadership, as to her credit Economical Because mine, good and was much MIA inspiration this else the of or that concerned, the entire anyone Lamanite young

Order today! girl, the rest of the to get their able been awards."was swarm have swarm of 4 mills. Choice

Write for prices!

Save on introducoffer. flour tory EFFECTIVE HEATING FOR with coupon Send in In Charleroi, the the Belgium, water oror check money BAPTISMAL FONT WATER

is piscine (little petite a pool) heated by 5-lb. pkg., der for

stone ground day circular coal stove placed in the water.

shipped. Large, handoperated leather and wood

bellows are used to pump air into the

LEE ENGINEERING CO. stove and keep the coal burning.

Milwaukee 1, Wis. Pictured is Elder Scott Draper of the

1 French Mission operating the bellows. He

says, a "It quite well, works and after Dept. IE10-61 LEE CO. ENGINEERING

of is nice or so couple hours the water 1, Wis. 2023 Milwaukee W. Wisconsin Ave.,

.... Deaf Smith Flour, 5-lb. pkg. ppd. Only $1.50 \ and warm."In winter, the stove is a boon

Wis. Minn. Flour, 5-lb. pkg. ppd. Only $1.00 | tobaptism.new converts entering the waters of Name | -iiNfi

Street,

City State.

698 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1961 B Y U SCHEDULE BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY FOOTBALL

DATE OPPONENT TIME A new coach, Hal Mitchell, and a new system, balanced line single wing, mark BYU football for the 1961 season. But for the

Sept. 16 San Jose State 8 PM BIG K, it's the 11th chapter of the story, for

Sept. 23 West Texas State 6:30 PM this is the 11th year Cougar football has

Sept. 30 North Texas State 6:30 PM been on KSL Radio.

Univ. Oct. 7 of Montana 8 PM You're sure to find the action exciting in Oct. Univ. 14 of Utah 1:30 PM

Oct. 21 Univ. of Wyoming 1:30 PM person at the game, or voiced by the "Dean"

Nov. 4 Utah State Univ. 1:30 PM of Mountain West Sportscasters, Dean BenNov. 11 Colorado State Univ 1:30 PM nett on KSL Radio. Check the schedule and Dean Bennett

Nov. 18 Oregon State 2:30 PM tune in.

Nov. 25 New Mexico 1:30 PM

Red: Home Games

Write KSL for handy pocket size schedule.

1160 on Your Dial

OCTOBER 1961 699 a Hospitalization

... PAYS $100 WEEKLY from VERY FIRST DAY

TF YOU ARE THE ONE AMERICAN in four who does One out of every seven people will spend some time in

J- not drink, we are pleased and proud to offer you the the hospital this year. Every day over 64,000 people enter

Gold Star Total Abstainers Hospitalization Policy, which the hospital—47,000 of these for the first time! No one

will pay you $100 a week in cash, from your first day in knows whose turn will be next, whether yours or mine.

the hospital, and will continue paying as long as you are But we do know that a fall on the stairs in your home, or there, even for life! on the sidewalk, or some sudden illness, or operation

could put you in the hospital for weeks or months, and

If you do not drink and are carrying ordinary hospitalcould cost thousands of dollars.

ization insurance, you are of course helping to pay for the How would you pay for a long seige in the hospital accidents and hospital bills of those who do drink. Alwith costly doctor bills, and expensive drugs and medicoholism is now our nation's $:3 health problem, ranking cines? Many folks lose their car, savings, even their home,

immediately behind heart disease and cancer! Those who and are sunk hopelessly in debt for the rest of their lives.

drink have reduced resistance to infection and are naturWe surely hope this won't happen to you. Remember,

ally sick more often and sick longer than those who do not once the doctor tells you it is your turn to enter the hospidrink. Yet their insurance—UNTIL NOW—cost the tal, it's too late to buy coverage at any price. same as yours. NOW with the Gold Star Plan, your

rates are based on the SUPERIOR HEALTH RECORDS The Gold Star Plan Makes It Easy!

of for the hosshould NonDrinkers! help pay you Why With a Gold Star Total Abstainers Hospitalization Policy, pitalization health of those ruin their Gold by drink? who

Star rewards you instead of penalizing you for not drinkyou would receive $100 per week (or $14.29 daily) in cash,

ing! as long as you remain in the hospital, if your hospital stay is

less than one week, you still collect at the rate of $14.29 per

Now, for the first time, you can get the newest and most day. Even if you are already covered by another policy, the

modern type of hospitalization coverage at an unbelievGold Star Plan will supplement that coverage, and will pay ably low rate because the Gold Star Policy is offered only you directly, in addition to your present policy.

to nondrinkers. With this policy, you receive $100 a week This wonderful, generous protection costs only $4 a month

in cash, from the first day and as long as you remain in for each adult, age 19 through 64, or $40 for twelve full the hospital! This money is paid to you in cash to be months. For each child under 19, the rate is just $3 for a

used for rent, food, hospital or doctor bills—anything you month's protection. And for each adult of age 65 through 100,

wish. Your policy cannot be cancelled by the company the premium is only $6 a month.

no matter how long you remain in the hospital or how And, remember, with Gold Star, the NOLIMIT Hospital often you are sick. And the present low rate on your Plan, there is no limit on how long you can stay in the hospipolicy can never be raised simply because you get old, or tal, NO LIMIT on the number of times you can collect (and

have too many claims, but only in the event of a general the Company can never cancel your policy), and no limit on rate adjustment up or down for all policyholders! age!

Noted Leaders Say—

J. C. PENNEY, founder of the famous J. C. Penney

chain stores and noted philanthropist, says: "I have a sincere conviction that liquor is one of the MoneyBack Guarantee

chief causes of unhappiness, both to the people who drink and to those who are near and dear to them. We'll mail your policy to your home. No salesman will

the In of privacy your over. policy the read life home, own in Early liquor, to not I decided touch my

carefully. lawyer, it checked your Have your by in even of moderation. to I'm delighted the Examinecall. know doctor, or trusted advisor. sure exactly it some provides Make

Star Gold Total Abstainer's Hospital proplan it told what we've if for does. itreason you whatsoever any Then,

viding a lower rate to nondrinkers. This is the you are not fully satisfied, just mail your policy back within ten

cheerfully and we'll entire rerefund your premium by it should be because way mail, most auto and other accidays,turn questions with So, no asked. sec, you you have

dents occur because of drink."to gain lose. to everything nothing and

DR. NORMAN VINCENT PEALE, internationally

celebrated author and lecturer: "I like Arthur De

Moss'practical plan to provide hospitalization insurance to nondrinkers at a reduced cost. When Bank Reference: PEOPLES NATIONAL BANK

you show a drinker that it costs him money as well as health, friends and suffering, you present another GUARANTEE TRUST LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY strong for quitting. argument This unique plan

since operating 1936 Trust has been Guarantee and is rated A+ Exthan preaching sermons."does more

cellent (highest rating available) the Reports, Insurance Dunne's by world's largest policyholder's reporting service. By special arrangement with DeMoss Associates, Inc., Guarantee Trust has underUPTON SINCLAIR, Pulitzer Prize Author: "I think written this Gold Star Total Abstainers Hospitalization Policy.

of giving your idea people discount the insurance shortening they their lives earn which by not with DE MOSS ASSOCIATES, INC.

alcohol is a brilliant one, and I am glad to be VALLEY FORGE, PENNA.

counted in on it."AND AFFILIATES A

"Special Protection for Special People"d.k

700 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Watch for the NOVEMBER issue of The Improvement

Watch for the November issue of The

Improvement Era. It will have many great

features including:

1. Details of the new "Gospel in Art"program telling how you can obtain fine art

prints of significant religious events painted especially for this purpose by Arnold Friberg, world famous LDS artist.

2. Sixteen pages of full color pictures of the

Holy Land, beautifully reproduced.

3. Numerous other photographs and articles

on the Saviour and the Holy Land. This

will be a real "collector's item"—an issue

to treasure.

Watch for the NOVEMBER issue of The Improvement

Watch for the November issue of The

Improvement Era. It will have many great

features including:

1. Details of the new "Gospel in Art"program telling how you can obtain fine art

prints of significant religious events painted especially for this purpose by Arnold Friberg, world famous LDS artist.

2. Sixteen pages of full color pictures of the

Holy Land, beautifully reproduced.

3. Numerous other photographs and articles

on the Saviour and the Holy Land. This

will be a real "collector's item"—an issue

to treasure.

Plan for NonDrinkers Only!

'STAR1 EVEN for LIFE, to POLICY HOLDERS!

-NO WAITING PERIODS - NO AGE LIMIT NO SALESMEN

For Proof of Service and Reliability,

Read These Letters: ADDITIONAL BENEFITS

thankful areMrs. Arizona: Yuma, McCIoud, Dennis "We

policy. other PAYS $2,000 cash for accidental death. that insurance no have this With we did

income while my husband was in the hospital, this check certainly helped out."PAYS $2,000 cash for loss of one hand, one foot, sight of

Mrs. Veda L. Riggs, York, Nebraska: "I am very much one eye.

pleased with your treatment of my claim, and if it were not for your help I would not have been able to meet my expenses without it causing me a hardship."PAYS $6,000 cash for loss of both eyes, or both hands, or

Mr. Emmett W. Hale, Sr., Aransas Pass, Texas: "We were both feet.

indeed glad to receive the insurance check from your Company. We had almost lost faith in insurance, but felt like

one advertised in all the religious magazines would be good, and we are not disappointed. Thanks so very much."

Amy Hunt, Albuquerque, New Mexico: "I received your check for payment of my claim for eight days in the RUSH COUPON NOW!

for it, hospital. very your I thank and for you much TO ASSURE YOUR PROTECTION

especially since matter, this to a I wasprompt attention member of your Hospitalization program only two months App. 1010 APPLICATION TO 5931061

before illness necessitated my being taken to the hospital for treatment."| Guarantee Trust Lite Insurance Company

CHECK THESE REMARKABLE FEATURES: My name is Street or RD # Full coverage! Immediate renewable Guaranteed VV

.State. City benefits into effect cancel) {Only go YOU can

V Good in any lawfully opnoon of the day your Date of Birth: Month..Day..Year.

erating hospital anywhere policy is issued.

in the world! My occupation is

V Pays in addition to work- V No limit on the number I My beneficiary is men's compensation or any of times you can collect. I also hereby apply for coverage for the members of my family listed below:

other hospital insurance V Pays whether you are in NAME DATE OF BIRTH AGE RELATIONSHIP BENEFICIARY carry. you may

hospital the for only all in states 50 Good V a V.

for or or two, day many All benefits directly paidV 2. or months, weeks, even in to cash! you

V All claim checks are sent years! 3, |

out Airmail Special 4. fees or enrollNo policy De- V

livery. fees! or ment either disabled accident by above Have you listed been any member

health examination No or or they advice advised'or illnessto haveor a havesurgicalyou medical had or treatment they been or have youV necessary. V Ten - day unconditional operation in the last five years? Yes No Q

If so, give details stating cause, date, name and address of attending physician and whetherV No age limit. moneyback guarantee! fully recovered

Every kind of sickness accident and covered except, ofV

I hereby certify that neither I nor any member above listed uses alcoholic beverages and I course pregnancy; of any act war; preexisting conditions;

for for policy applied does a policy that the the not apply understanding based on or hospitalization caused by the use of alcoholic beverages hereby is issued that prior the the policy to originating insurance, cover conditions and date of or narcotics! Everything else IS covered! in questions. foregoing the entirely solely to the written and answers reliance upon

Oate: Signed:

I Gen. App. 1010-4 PAY it roa >ay the enclosing I am HERE'S ALL DO: IFMONTHLYYOU Y*BtT YOU \ specified amount on

adult Each age left for perthe each 1 9-64 pays Fill ARE *40. right. out at applicationI to covered, son be \ HERE Q Each adult THE with understandthe in Enclose % with an envelope 65100 pays I ing return that agem can 6. 60. LOW

policy 10 within my child 18 Each age %I first your payment.

I if not days under and com- %J par.ail am

satisfied with Mail to Associates, GOLD DeMoss entire it, and my will Forge,I Valley Pa. STAR 'SAVE TWO PREMIUM pletelypremium RATES MONTHS promptly refunded.be

WILL RECEIVE GOLD STAR POLICY YOUR./I YOU MAIL THIS v VALLEY FORGE

PROMPTLY BY MAIL. WILL NOJALESMEN CALL. 4J [-Si';ir")i>E MS AJS0CAE ra

I OCTOBER 1961 701

THESE TIMES

*. and none shall

stay them"BY DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

PRESIDENT, ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY, TEMPE

What is going on in the world? tained in the Book of Mormon, and of Daniel by the word of the Lord,

Cuba and Fidel Castro; Mr. Ken- "the voice of warning... unto all and I intend to lay a foundation

nedy, Mr. Khrushchev, and Berlin; people,"is going forth through that will revolutionize the whole

men in orbit; plans to reach the disciples "chosen in these last world.... It will not be by sword

moon; more science, science, science; days... And none shall stay them, or gun that this kingdom will roll

rumblings in Africa and Asia; highfor I the Lord have commanded on: the power of truth is such that

jacking of luxury airliners—these are them."(D&C 1:4-5.) all nations will be under the necesthe headlines. But according to a These four points were set forth, sity of obeying the Gospel...."

written Hisin 1838,document The in 21, the second 1823, the VI, 365. Church of ( History 1 Septembertory Smith, Prophet, the Joseph of great vision of the Prophet Joseph it that Karl 1961 appear might By 3 reallythe things following are Smith. the Marx, Manifesto, Communist 2happening: five Karl years Marx was Chinese the Russians old in and and had

earth""the prevent whole 1. To Smith approaching Joseph 1823; was the success enjoyed than more

from being "utterly wasted at his eighteen. In June 1844 Joseph foundation laid by Joseph Smith "thecoming,"the priesthood has again of bullet Smith was dead wounds Prophet."read in American have Few revealedbeen with a message frontier Illinois town; of an Marx was... to the "Proclamation the kings

salvation for family. "For, the human to about France, from be expelled..."the issued Earth by... of

thatbehold, cometh, the day to shall to Belgium, go where in 1847 in Smith's followers America, he, Joseph. hearts the as an oven;burn.. and Engels, issue Friedrich with would time Engels the and about Marx

of the children shall turn to their the Communist Manifesto. Before issued the Communist Manifesto.

fathers."(See Malachi 4:1, 5-6.) his death, at a general conference in Yet, even before the Proclamation

2. The day is coming when they Nauvoo, Illinois, April 8, 1844, was issued, the work growing out

of Christ hear the voice notwho will declared, Smith whole "The Joseph for Christ, of witness the the new the"shall destroyed from be among is Zion itself north from of America so of impressed had Mormon, Book people."Acts 3:2223.) (See to south,"and, "I received have of Boston, Massain- Josiah Quincy

is Spirit 3. God's being poured structions the from that from Lord in his chusetts, book, wrote that he

all shall flesh; "the earthout on the Elders be henceforth wherever

full of of the Lord, the knowledge churches and shall build up branches... Figures"It is ofbythenoPast:means improbable

as the sea"; cover the waters and an. shall Zion."stake of there a be for the that future textbook some

asnations""ensign is being for the a 1844, 12, sounded he On.. May will generations of yet unborn keyuse

sembled for the salvation of the note in the heart of America, which contain a question something like human family. (See Joel 2:2832; marks the knell of communism or this: 'What historical American of

Isaiah, 11.) any other force not based on truth: the nineteenth century has exerted

4. The fulness of the gospel, con- "I calculate to be one of the inthe most powerful influence upon

iPublished in The Pearl of Great Price, 1928 struments of setting up the kingdom the destinies of his countrymen?'

edition, pp. 4357.

2Ibid., Joseph Smith 2:2950. Hdem. (Continued on page 704)

702 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SHORT DRIVE TO ANOTHER WORLD!

With today's fine cars and modern highways, another world may be just hours from home.

Another world, where it's so quiet a person can hear himself think. Where the only thing that's hurrying around is the breeze.

The new American knows the shortest way to get there. When

he feels the need to get away, his car is ready to take him.

At the American Oil Company, we know of the many big

THE and little ways the car is important to the new American. And

NEW we supply the kind of petroleum products and service that help

AMERICAN it run the way he wants it to.

But we're never quite satisfied with things the way they are.

For example, our scientists and engineers (we have more than a thousand) are testing fuels and lubricants by "driving"cars under the most severe conditions—without ever taking them

outdoors! It's all done in the industry's newest and most advanced chassis dynamometer room.

You expect more from American—and you get it!

AMERICAN OIL COMPANY OCTOBER 1961 703 (Continued from page 702) And it is by no means impossible that the answer to that interrogatory may YOURS FREE be thus written: Joseph Smith, the

Jhese Walls Mormon prophet."

The kingdom of God does not "roll on"by force, violence, and false constitupropaganda. The FOR JOINING tional "foundation"of the Church

recognizes the inherent free agency of man; views as devilish and evil

anything that infringes on this IN OCTOBER! liberty and its volition; holds that

by eternal law and by their eternal

FROM WITHIN THESE WALLS natures, God and the priesthood by Richard L. Evans may not operate "to cover our sins,

or to gratify our pride, our vain amjwn from the world famous "Spoken Word"bition, or to exercise control or broadcasts from the Tabernacle, this popular volume is a series of short essays arranged dominion or compulsion upon the around central themes for easy reading. Excellent souls of the children of men, in any

speech material. Publisher's price $3.00 degree of unrighteousness"(D&C

121:37); that "No power or influence can or ought to be maintained

priesthood, virtue of the only by 00K FROM bypersuasion, longsuffering, by by

THESE CHOICE CLUB CTIONS: gentlenesslove unfeigned.and. meekness,.."(Ibid., 121:41.)and by

Communist..$4.95 Communism and other evils may

Sterling Sill by W. Cleon Skousen by to flourish, to prosper, appear but

II Leadership—Vol. 9. Eternal Quest $3.95 that nothing does not can endure Sill Sterling by W. B. by Hugh Brown

3. Doctrines of Salvation—Vol. of truth. stand the foundation on I 10. Truths Religious Defined $3.95 R. Bruce McConlcie by

Fielding Joseph Smith, Jr. is This the the prophets, of message 4. Doctrines of Vol. II Salvation—

11. The Makers Bruce R. Myth by McConkie $3.50 old for is comfort new. There and

Nibley by Hugh 5. Doctrines of Salvation—Vol. Ill $3.50 revelations, these in additional times

R. Bruce by McConkie 12. For Stories of Book Mormon

this that "shall priesthood never be 6. Latterday Saints Young Doctrine $3.25 Covenants & Compenby Petersen Marr Emma dium $5.95 again until taken earth: from the

Dr. B. by Sidney Sperry of 13. Story For Church Our (Ibid., are realized"purposes 7. L.D.S. Reference Encyclopedia...$5.00 Latterday Saints Young $3.00 God's

Melvin by R. Brooks by Petersen Marr Emma that shall stay"the "none 13); and,

emissaries of truth, "for I the Lord have commanded them."(Ibid.,

1:4.) At present there are no missionaries gospel, of the restored workfine several books. the get top To book, HOW TO JOIN... in mission, organized an ing under

it will nothing you do to sent be...

your Send check or order money Russia, and Red China, many

If postpaid for you a statement. with you Cuba,

selection your first below. checked Your inof the other parts world. The book, do not return the want the postbook, plus your free book, "From Within card always provided for an alternate junction of the Master to go and

will These Walls"sent postpaid. be all nations the lies heavily on

all). (or none at as Buy as few one teach

will receive Each month, you conscience. Christian Doors must three every reviews of book to months keep your

membership active. With every four be opened. When they do open, the

books you accept, you receive a fifth light of the gospel enters. Light

book of your choice free a savings blesses all; those who accept; those

of 20%. who, standing in the light, still fail

to see. Doors will eventually open

and light will enter. "For verily

the voice of the Lord is unto all

shall there is that not eye no and Inc. Club, Books LDS men, and there is none to escape; shall that ear hear, neither not

SALT LAKE CITY P. O. BOX 400 1 188 SOUTH MAIN 10, UTAH see,

neither heart that shall not be peneenroll Please Club, Inc. Enclosed Books LDS me as a member of the

for here.is my check or trated."(Section 1:2.) How or order first selection for $ checked money my

I understand1 I 2 will 3 receive4 5"From6 Within7 8 These9 Walls"10 11absolutely12 13free for joining when the Cuban, Russian, Chinese, this month. African, and other eyes shall see,

LDS INC. CLUB, BOOKS 1061 ears hear, and hearts be penetrated, Salt Box 400, Lake City 10, Utah

NAME cannot be now declared. But there

ADDRESS are satellites now in orbit, circling

CITY: STATE...

704 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

the earth, which, joined with others in the near future, could bring this about in a startling way. Readers

of this column can remember the desert mountain valleys of Utah before KSL was heard; nearly all

over twelve years of age can remember when the first microwave relays made coastto-coast television possible—and nearly all in that

group can remember the first coastto-coast telecasts, now so commonplace nobody thinks about them.

In the Mormon centennial year, 1930, the late Andrew Jenson, Assistant Church Historian, reported the total organized missions of the

Church then operating. They were

a scant thirty in number as he listed them: Nine in the United States (the

California, Western States, Central

States, East Central States, Eastern

States, North Central States, Northern States, Northwestern States, and

Southern States missions.)

Nine in Europe (the British, Czechoslovakian, Danish, French, NEW

GermanAustrian, Netherlands, NorHOT CEREAL DISCOVERY wegian, Swedish, and SwissGerman FROM CARNATION!

missions.) Six in the Pacific (Australian,

New Zealand, Samoan, Tahitian, 100% nourishing golden wheat! New deeprich

Hawaiian, and Tongan missions.) One in Canada (the Canadian flavor! Wonderful new smoothness

Mission.) Now-a different kind of hot cereal! Brings welcome

One in South America (the South variety, new flavor enjoyment, and finest natural

American Mission.) nourishment to family breakfasts! It is new CarnaOne in Mexico (the Mexican tion Instant Wheat. 100% golden wheat -with won- (arnati

Mission. derful new smoothness, plus deeprich flavor. And

One in Asia (the TurkishArme- with all the natural active protein, B-vitamins and nian Mission.) minerals of true whole wheat assured by Carnation's

One in Africa (the South African exclusivefamily withlowheatthis newprocess.cereal. AtSurpriseyour storeand rightpleasenow!the JJSTAMT

Mission.) One in Salt Lake City (the TemDISCOVER NEW CARNATION INSTANT WHEAT TODAY!

ple Square Mission.)

Compare that roster with the a quality product from (arnation current one.* The banner is unfurled. It waves to all the world, VISIT CARNATION EXHIBIT AT CENTURY 21 SEATTLE WORLD'S FAIR / APRIL 21 TO OCTOBER 21, 1962

especially to men and women who, loving freedom, know that freedom must be founded on truth in order to stand. The foundation is firm,

laid in "His excellent word,"and as 1844, 12, declared Smith MayJoseph

THE CENTER OF N is all f. that truth of such power"The

'if CONVENIENCE / *v necessity the will undernations be of obeying the Gospel...."(DHC rt-.* K NEW AMERICA

6:365.) COOO/4 MOTEL

ROOMSSHOP *There are 67 fulltime missions in the 320BEAUTrBEAUTIFULMAINSALONAT FIFTH - BARBERSOUTH

Church today.

Serve and thou shalt be served.

If you love and serve men, you cannot, by escape any hiding or stratagem, salt lake city remuneration—Emerson

0>u)imh!lmd> Iamvul \wXjtfb pool

OCTOBER 1961 705 Our '""- Missionary Corps

THE EDITOR'S PAGE BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

Generally speaking, the missionaries of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints fall into these categories:

First, men and women in organized wards or branches who are called by the General Authorities of the Church to leave their vocations and to devote two, three, or more years to the preaching of the gospel in one of the established missions of the world.

Second, men and women outside the organized stakes who are called and set apart by a president of a mission to labor with the regular missionaries.

These, too, leave their daily work, pay their expenses, and serve in every respect as faithfully as any others in the field.

For the most part, these are young men and young women who are instructed that they go out as representatives of the Church, that a representative of any organization—economic or religious—must possess at

least one outstanding quality, and that is trustworthiness. He was right who said, "To be trusted is a

greater compliment than to be loved."And whom do

these missionaries represent? First, they represent

the Lord Jesus Christ, whose servants they are. These

ambassadors, for such they are, represent these groups and carry in that representation one of the greatest

706 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA responsibilities of their lives. Second, they represent spirit of love, seeking nothing from any nation or

the Church, specifically the ward or branch in which people to which they are sent—no personal acclaim,

they live. And third, they represent their parents, no monetary acquisition.

carrying the responsibility of keeping their good The labors of all included in these three groups name unsullied. are carefully noted and recorded—meetings attended,

We have a glimpse of the helpful influence of the conversations held, number of tracts distributed, and missionary system upon the youth. Every deacon, books sold; are summarized; each one is given credit

teacher, and priest, as he looks forward to his mission, for each hour spent, for every accomplishment.

and every elder in the Church understands that to be But there is a fourth group of missionaries whose worthy to be a representative of the Church of Jesus names do not appear in the missionary roster, whose

Christ, he must be temperate in his habits and hours of service to the Church and the cause of the morally clean. Master are seldom counted, and whose beneficent

Third, local missionaries—men and women who efforts are seldom reported; yet they are found wherretain their employment, but who devote their spare ever the Church is growing.

time to missionary work in their own stake or It is you who have made the gospel a part of your mission area. everyday way of life. It is you who know how to

When the mission call comes, no matter what his make a friend for the Church and for yourself by responsibilities or circumstances are, seldom if ever simply being a good neighbor. Yes, we are all misdoes a proposed missionary offer an excuse, but, as sionaries, fulltime missionaries!

Samuel of old, replies: "... Speak; for thy servant God bless the missionaries wherever they are today,

heareth."(1 Sam. 3:10.) for they are God's servants, as long as they keep

True Christianity is love in action. There is no themselves pure and spotless from the sins of the

better way to manifest love for God than to show world. I testify to you that his Spirit is guiding

an unselfish love for your fellow men. This is the them, magnifying them in their youth and making

spirit of missionary work. Our missionaries go in the them a power in preaching the gospel of Jesus Christ.

OCTOBER 1961 707 YOUR QUESTION otherThis ministerscaused onein thatministergreatincity,Chicagowhereinto writehe saidto

ANSWERED BY JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH he had no interpretation to give to this passage of

PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE scripture, for the generation in which our Lord lived

QUESTION: passed away centuries ago, and yet this promise had

"A discussion came up in our seminary class yesternot been fulfilled, and said he, "If we have no solution day. Just what is the responsibility of the Church in or sufficient answer to this statement, we might as

well retire from the ministry for Christianity has 'warning the world'?"

failed."One of these letters fell into my hands. What

a wonderful difference a correct translation of the

Savior's words can make, and how the members of the Church should rejoice and treasure the revelationsOUR RESPONSIBILITY coming through the Prophet Joseph Smith.

From the revelation given to the Prophet, Latterday

Saints should be grateful, nevertheless we should takeTO WARN THE WORLD heed, for we are now living in the generation when

ANSWER: these signs and warnings are made known. ThereShortly before the betrayal of our Savior, he went fore according to the words of the Savior's prophecy

out and sat on the Mount of Olives and his disciples the time of his coming draws near. This truth all

came unto him privately and questioned him in Latterday Saints should realize, and we should be regard to the destruction of the temple, the fate of putting forth every effort to bring to pass the purposes the Jews, and his second coming and the end of the of the Lord, one of the greatest being our responsiworld, or the destruction of the wicked. Complying bility to preach the gospel to the world. In the

with their request the Lord revealed to them by discharge of this duty every member of the Church prophecy all of these things. He told them they should be a missionary; not necessarily to go forth

would go forth into the world and would be afflicted into the world, but to preach the gospel to our and hated by all nations for his name's sake. He told neighbors and friends who are not in the Church.

them how many who had professed his name would Moreover, by our example and our faithfulness to wax cold and would betray one another, but that he every commandment the Lord has given us to show that remained steadfast and is not overcome, the our friends and the strangers within our gates the same shall be saved. In the course of his teaching he way to eternal life through our actions as well as

gave them some instruction concerning his second through our words, that is, to be humble missioncoming and said unto them: aries and advocates of the truth in our daily acts

"And again this gospel of the kingdom shall be and conversations.

preached in all the world, for a witness unto all Today the missionaries of the Church are fulnations, and then shall the end come, or the destrucfilling this commandment by going forth in all countion of the wicked; tries where the doors are open, preaching the gospel,

"And again shall the abomination of desolation, and crying repentance to the people, and bearspoken of by Daniel the prophet, be fulfilled. ing testimony of the restoration of the gospel. In

"And immediately after the tribulation of those doing so there are certain commandments misdays, the sun shall be darkened, and the moon shall sionaries should remember. First that they are sent

not give her light, and the stars shall fall from heaven, not only to preach and bear testimony and bring and the powers of heaven shall be shaken. people to repentance preparatory to the second

"Verily, I say unto you, this generation, in which coming of the Lord and the establishment of his these things shall be shown forth, shall not pass away kingdom to rule and reign in the earth, but to warn until all I have told you shall be fulfilled."all men by virtue of that divine authority which is in

I have not taken this quotation from the Bible, but them. Those who heed their teachings and repent

from the revelation given to the Prophet Joseph Smith will come into the Church and be numbered among as given in the Pearl of Great Price. (Writings of those who have received the covenants of the gospel.

Joseph Smith 1:3234, PofGP.) In the account given in Those who refuse to hear are to be left without excuse,

Matthew and Luke the instruction reads as follows: for the Lord has declared it in the following words:

"Verily I say unto you, This generation shall not "Behold, I sent you out to testify and warn the pass, till all these things be fulfilled."(Matt. 24:34; people, and it becometh every man who hath been

Luke 21:32.) warned to warn (Continued on page 767)

708 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MISSIONARY WORK

Every Member a Missionary BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

This article by President David 0. McKay, along with the following

three articles by Presidents Moyle, Brown, and Smith, is excerpted from talks given at a Mission Presidents Seminar held in Salt Lake City,

June 2 6-July 3,1961.

King Benjamin said, "... when ye are in the service of Simon Peter; Nathanael, in whom Jesus had said,

your fellow beings, ye are only in the service of your "There was no guile"; Thomas—I do not like to call

God."I greet you in that spirit, in that cause, in him "doubting"Thomas—two sons of Zebedee, and two

that course. others not named. They were in doubt, rather, they

Many years ago a group of men gathered on the were in wonderment as to what they should do.

shores of the Sea of Galilee. They had just been Peter was on familiar ground. In his youthful mandeprived of their guide and Savior, the Lord Jesus hood he had sailed on the Lake of Gennesaret and

Christ. All but one of them had fled from the scene cast his net from the boat. He was a great fisherman.

of the crucifixion of their Lord who had been buried I am calling your attention to that fact, for he said as and who had been resurrected. They had seen him he looked up, "I go a fishing,"and the others standing

twice or had known of two appearances. Gathered with him said, "We also go with thee."(John 21:3.)

as a group on the shore of the Sea of Galilee were And that is just what they did. Though Christ

OCTOBER 1961 709 A group of stake missionaries in;- "W the Santa Ana ( California ) Stake

discuss plans for proselyting in

Laguna Beach,

had called Peter to be a fisher of men, he yielded thou knowest I love thee.""... Feed my sheep."

to the urge of his old vocation and fished all night, And a third time the Lord said unto him, "Simon, unsuccessfully. son of Jonas, lovest thou me?"And Peter was grieved

A person appeared on the banks and said, "Chilbecause he said unto him a third time, "Lovest thou dren, have ye any meat?"They answered him, "No."me?"And he said, "Lord, thou knowest all things.

(Ibid., 21:5.) Thou knowest that I love thee.""... Feed my

"Cast the net on the right side of the ship."(Ibid., sheep.... When thou wast young, thou girdest

21:6.) They did so, and it.was filled with 153 fishes, thyself and went whithersoever thou wouldest: but

although the net did not break. One of those in the when thou shalt be old, thou shalt stretch forth thy

boat, more spiritually minded it seems from history, hands and another shall gird thee, and carry thee than the others, whispered to Peter: "It is the Lord."whither thou wouldest not."(John 21:1518.)

(Ibid., 21:7.) He cast a cloak about him, jumped John, who tells us about this, said he referred to the

into the sea without waiting for the boat to land, and death that Peter would have to suffer. I mention

joined the Lord. He did not say anything, neither that incident in connection with the words of King

did the Savior until at the Savior's invitation they Benjamin that when you are engaged in the service had dined. of your fellow men, you are only engaged in the work

Then the Lord addressed Peter. He did not call of the Lord. (See Mosiah 2:17.)

him Peter, the rock, but "Simon, son of Jonas,"saying Here Peter was changed from a fisherman to a to him, "lovest thou me more than these?"(Ibid., shepherd of the flock. "Go ye therefore, and teach

21:17.) There is controversy among learned theoall nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father,

logians as to what the word "these"means. Some and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost:

think it is reminding Peter of the time he said, "Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever "Though all men forsake thee, will I not."(See Mark I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway,

14:29; Matt. 26:33.) I do not believe this. I think even unto the end of the world...."(Matt. 28:1920.)

Peter had gone back to his usual work, and that the Such was the admonition given to the early twelve.

Lord referred to the 153 fishes lying there. Petros, Such is the admonition given to people in this age in

the Rock, had left his calling as a "fisher of men"the Doctrine and Covenants to be a light unto the and had returned to his vocation as a fisher of the sea. world. "And even so I have sent mine everlasting

Peter answered, "Yea, Lord, thou knowest I love covenant into the world, to be a light to the world, thee."Then came the great charge: "Feed my and to be a standard for my people, for the Gentiles

lambs."And a second time the Lord said to him, to seek to it, and to be a messenger before my face

"Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me?""Yea, Lord, to prepare the way before me."(D&C 45:9.)

710 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints was of Liberty which threw its light across all the seas scarcely one year old when that declaration was given and lands into my little garrett in Russia is shining by inspiration to the Prophet Joseph Smith. He himalso for all those other weeping millions of Europeans,

self was in his twentysixth year. It is marvelous shining wherever men hunger and are oppressed,

to make such a declaration, great in its potential, shining over the starving villages of Italy, Ireland, comprehensive in its scope. "To keep mine everlastover the swarming, starving cities of Poland and

ing covenant"is said unto the world to be a "light Galicia, over the ruined farms of Romania, over the to the world, to be a standard for my people, and shambles of Russia. When I look at our Statue of

for the Gentiles who seek to it."A twentyfive-year Liberty, I just seem to hear the voice of America

old man, and the Church was one year old! crying: 'Come unto me, all ye who are weary and

On Bedloe Island, at the entrance of New York heavy laden, and I will give you rest, rest/ harbor there stands the Statue of Liberty—a light to What the Statue of Liberty symbolizes to the opthe nations. What it has meant to hundreds of thoupressed and downtrodden of Europe, the gospel of

sands of the downtrodden of Europe has been most Jesus Christ is to the world. Mormonism, socalled,

graphically expressed by Israel Zangwill in that imhas reared an ensign to the nations and, with words pressive production The Melting Pot. I shall give as comprehensive as those I have read in the revelajust a few words from that. David the emigrant, tion, invites the world to peace, to rest, to contentment.

the little Russian Jew, is speaking: Any great oratorio or opera presentation is always

"All my life America was waiting, beckoning, introduced by an overture. In an overture the musishining—the place where God would wipe away tears cians give a part of every important song that will

from off all faces. To think that the same great Torch be sung in the opera. (Continued on page 730)

Maurine Packer of St. Anthony,

Idaho, greeting guests at the Hill Cumorah Pageant.

It is my privilege to bear my testimony to you of how glorious it is to be engaged in this great missionaryBuild up the call and to labor day by day under the leadership and direction of our beloved President. His inspiration and his vision, his understanding of missionary

work could not come from man alone. It is myKingdom of humble testimony that the Lord is directing this

work and that the inspiration which comes to PresiBY PRESIDENT HENRY D. MOYLE dent McKay comes to him from the Lord, and that in

no other sphere of Church activity is it any moreGod apparent that we have a prophet leading and directing the Church today than it is in the missionary work. I

know the vision President McKay has of this work is far beyond the dreams, the imagination, and the vision of any of the rest of us. And so it is a humbling

experience day by day to labor under him and to have that assurance come into your heart that the direction which guides us in this great missionary cause comes from the Lord.

At a mission conference of the North British Mission held March 1, 1961, President McKay said:

"Into the hands of every individual is given the marvelous power for good or evil. And that power

is the silent, unconscious, unseeing influence of life.

It is simply the constant radiation of what a man really is, not what he pretends to be. Every man

by his mere living is radiating sympathy or sorrow, morbidness or cynicism or happiness, hope, or any of

Elder Erlend Peterson of Provo, Utah, serving in the Eastern States Mission, arranges for a cottage meeting with a couple of contacts.

W a hundred other qualities. Life is the state of to the spiritual plane."I like that. We are engage

radiation. It is also a life of absorption, and to exist in a struggle over temporal affairs and concerns. And

is to radiate. You can select the qualities that you as this author said, it has lost none of its intensity by

will permit to be radiated. You can cultivate sweetbeing transferred to a spiritual plane. "Let him

ness, calmness, trust, generosity, truth, loyalty, nobilremember that his own dignity, his nobility as a ity, or you can radiate moroseness, cynicism, criticism, human being must emerge from his efforts to liberate doubt. Make anything vitally active in your charachimself from his bondage and to obey his deepest

ter and by radiating that quality or those qualities, aspirations": in other words, to cease to be an enemy

you may affect the whole world."And that can to righteousness or to God, as President McKay

become almost literally true if we go out into the has pointed out.

mission field as we do with this united message. President Clark once told a story at Logan at Utah

"Now that's your responsibility,"the President State University concerning Cardinal Woolsey who says. "What you are."In the Doctrine and Covehad for twentyfive years served with devotion his king

nants we read in the eightyeighth section: "Therewho had deserted him. Cardinal Woolsey was once

fore, tarry ye, and labor diligently, that you may be heard to say to his jailor, "Had I but served my God perfected in your ministry to go forth among the with half the zeal I served my king, he would not in

Gentiles for the last time, as many as the mouth of mine old age have left me naked to mine enemies."

the Lord shall name, to bind up the law and seal up And how wonderful it is for us to realize that we are the testimony, and to prepare the saints for the hour in the service of the Master, and he will no more leave of judgment which is to come."(D&C 88:84.) And us alone in the future than he leaves us alone now.

in the one hundred seventh section, as the President President Brown has had some cautions to give to pointed out are the instructions: "Wherefore, now us. I would like to put the same thought this way.

let every man learn his duty, and to act in the Some men may shine in the second place or the office in which he is appointed, in all diligence."second rank who are eclipsed in the first rank. I

(D&C 107:99.) believe the time has come for us to make ample proBrigham Young told us what to do. His words are vision to let our missionaries shine in the rank to

certainly applicable today: "This life is as much to which they belong. I am very proud of all of our

us as any life in the eternity of the Gods. This is a mission presidents. But sometimes I am momentarily

world in which we are to prove ourselves. The lifeprouder of one than the other. I got a message the

time of man is a day of trial wherein we may prove to other day from a mission president telling me that if

God in our darkness, in our weakness, and where the we have any marginal missionaries who might have enemy reigns, that we are our Father's friends and problems to send them to his mission. I am sure

that we receive light from Him and are worthy to that he had in mind the thought that he could probe leaders of our children, to become Lord of Lords vide the proper rank for any missionary whom we and King of Kings."That's our promise, "and the sent to him.

only business,"he says, "that we have on hand is to I read the other day that "Moderation is the silken build up the Kingdom of God and prepare the way string running through the pearl chain of all virtue."

for the Son of Man, and how certain it is that the And I am sure that all of us are converted to the idea day is rapidly approaching, because every sign of that in all things we must exercise moderation.

His coming is being fulfilled and the time cannot be We emphasize in our work high conceptions of far distant."And then finally, Brigham Young admorality and duty and right, and in so doing we

monishes us to prepare to live instead of preparing recognize that the highest code given to man during to die, prepare to live in the midst of all the exaltathe days of Moses was the Ten Commandments. And

tions of the Gods. it is my conviction that the Ten Commandments

A scientist who has been studying the process of today are far in advance of mankind, and that we the world, believing that man developed through must not lose sight of the fact in our missionary labors evolution, reaches the same conclusion which Christ that the simple, and they are simple, fundamental has given to us by revelation. He says, "Let every basic principles of the Ten Commandments must

man remember that the destiny of mankind is unbe stressed.

conquerable and that it depends greatly upon his It is likewise true that it is the simple principles will to collaborate in the transcendent past. Let him of the revealed gospel of Jesus Christ which we must

remember that the law is and always has been 'the teach. We are safe when we do not go beyond the

struggle'and that the fight has lost nothing of its simple principles as they have been revealed. We

violence by being transposed from the material on can be assured that (Continued on page 732) the head of the Church was chosen as they were from among the intelligences that were organized before was; the world and among all these were many of 't Lose theDon great ones. the noble and

From among this select group, one was foreordained to become the leader of the Church at the most Shepherds crucial and critical, and yet most inspiring epoch in the history of the world. Now President McKay

BY PRESIDENT HUGH B. BROWN would not have me say more along that line; in

fact, he didn't authorize me to say this much. But I

know that all of you dedicated people join with me in thanking God that at the head of the great missionary movement stands this great missionary, teacher, inspired leader, and prophet of God.

Now brethren and sisters, speaking for a moment on the callings that come to us and the support we receive from our friends, speaking now directly to you mission presidents and your lovely wives and to all who are called to serve, may I sound the note of warning against the wiles of the adversary, warning against the danger inherent in authority and power.

Let us not become heady or highminded because of the success that may come to us, the success that

Our message to the world is positive, definite, is coming to the Church. Let us as individuals and

unequivocal! as a group be humble.

This Church is led by inspiration from God himself, Sometimes some of you may wonder and some of and there is a prophet at its head. Secondly, it is your missionaries may ask why the Church doesn't

built upon the foundation of apostles and prophets. do this or that with respect to your particular mission.

This Church is led by a prophet of God, and he May I emphasize what I would like to say about that knows, and the twelve know the source of their with a story to illustrate that the man at the head inspiration in the same way and from the same source has a wider vision and a better chance to judge that inspired Peter when he said to Christ, "Thou art what is right or wrong than the men with more the Christ, the Son of the living God."limited horizons. The following tragedy occurred at

When I think of missionary work—and incidentally the beginning of the First World War. A commandit is my first love—I remember the words of Alma, ing officer gave an order to a colonel who was in

"I know that which the Lord hath commanded me, command of a cavalry regiment to charge up a hill and I glory in it. I do not glory of myself, but I glory to a point just below its crest, when he was to make

in that which the Lord hath commanded me; yea, and a left turn and ride at the gallop for exactly nine

this is my glory, that perhaps I may be an instrument minutes and then go over.the hill to engage the

in the hands of God to bring some soul to repentance; enemy. As the regiment neared the crest of the hill

and this is my joy."(Alma 29:9.) the colonel was advised by his scouts that the enemy

It is not accidental, it is providential and forewas approaching on the opposite side of the hill, ordained that at this time, when the scope of whereupon, thinking his commanding officer was not missionary activity of the Church exceeds anything aware of the position of the enemy, he took his that could be imagined in the past, that at this time regiment over the hill and met the enemy. Exactly

when we must carry out the Savior's injunction to nine minutes later, when the colonel and his men preach the gospel to every creature, we have at the should have been far to the left, the artillery of his head of the Church one of the greatest missionaries of own battalion, far to the rear, laid down a heavy all time. Joseph, the Prophet and Seer, the Revelator barrage on the exact area where the battle was in

and Restorer, had no peer; Brigham Young, the progress. The colonel and one thousand of his men

prophet, colonizer, and leader of men was great and were killed by their own artillery because the colonel equal to his day. Each of their successors has been failed to realize that only the general—the man at the

qualified by Him who sent them for their particular top—had an overall view of the situation. If you cantime and calling, and the prophet who now stands at not understand all of the policies adopted by the

714 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Presidency of the Church from time to time, please remember that they have the responsibility of overall planning, and furthermore it is the President who is entitled to receive revelation for the Church.

Among your many grave responsibilities there is none more sacred than your responsibility to your missionaries. The relationship and responsibility of

mission presidents to missionaries is second only to that of parenthood. Love them. Care for them.

Pray for them. Be with them. Encourage them. They

need your help. Their parents and God have entrusted them to your care during some of the most

impressionable years of their lives, and though you ( top ) Elder Arthur McOmber Jr., conducts a cottage

convert the whole world, if, by reason of any neglect meeting in Toronto, Canada.

on your part or any misjudgment or any lack of consideration or appreciation, sympathy, or love, one of them is lost, you will not be held blameless on the judgment day.

Those of us who were raised on a farm—in this I

am sure President McKay will concur—those of us

who have had to do with the breaking of colts to harness or saddle, know that every colt is different from every other colt, and some of us have learned by sad experience that in breaking a colt if we are not careful how we tighten the rope we may break his neck, or what (Continued on page 734)

(middle) converts to right) Recent (left Utah

Elders (bottom) A. Glen Payne of Williams, Utah Taylor Pearson, Margaret Hart. Robert and

(left), Jarrett (right). and Ronald Canada W. of

aries

Elder Richard Kay of Salt Lake City poses outside the Modern Miracles door of the room in which the Prophet Joseph Smith was martyred in the jail in Cathage, Illinois.

BY PRESIDENT JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH

The missionary of the Church of Jesus Christ of Now one thing that I have been impressing upon

Latterday Saints is a modern miracle. In the world missionaries for a number of years is that they make

the idea prevails that a man must go to school, themselves familiar with section four of the Doctrine college, get an education, be trained and get a degree and Covenants above everything else. That is a

to qualify him to preach and to teach the gospel of revelation that, I tell the missionaries, is my revelation.

Jesus Christ, as he understands it. We call our young The Lord gave it to me. Originally, it was given to

men and women at the beginning, really, of life, my greatgrandfather before the Church was organwhen they're just budding into manhood and womanized, but it's a revelation that uses the plural pronoun, hood. We send them out into the world untrained, and thus it applies to every soul that goes into the

with no degrees, with a common school education, mission field. I've asked each group of missionaries as

in most cases, (maybe not even that) but depending I meet with them to read section four of the Doctrine upon the guidance of the Spirit of the Lord. and Covenants about every two weeks anyway. I

These missionaries come from all walks of life—suggest that they sit down, each pair of missionaries,

from the farm, from the factory, mostly from the and just consider it very carefully. The Lord here

schoolroom. They are unprepared, insofar as educastates what it is that is necessary to qualify a mistion and knowledge are concerned. Most of them have sionary. The Lord holds out to them blessings

never read the Book of Mormon, a great part of them, through their faith and the punishment which they if not the greater part, have never read the New bring upon themselves should they fail. I think we

Testament. They are not familiar with the revelations ought to become very familiar with this section of

in the Doctrine and Covenants. I find this out when the Doctrine and Covenants. There are only seven

I interview them. But they do have one thing that verses, and they don't need to bother with the first

the world does not have, and cannot have, and that's because I think that has pretty well been fulfilled, but a testimony and the determination to go out into the I try to impress upon them the need of remembering field, as unprepared as they are, and spend two or particularly what the Lord says in the second and the maybe more years bearing witness to the restoration fourth verses. "Therefore, O ye that embark in the

of the gospel, expounding the scriptures, as they service of God, see that ye serve him with all your learn them. heart, might, mind, and strength, that ye may stand

716 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

(left top) Elder William E. Mitchell and Marlene Olsen, (right) Missionaries introduce Lon Green (in white shirt),

stake missionaries in Salt Lake City, (bottom left) Elder Ralph a new convert, to the bishopric of the Laguna Beach Ward.

W. Rogers, a stake missionary in the University West ( Utah Counselors Henry Haws (left) and Owen Whittaker (right)

Stake, has investigators read scriptures. welcome him into the fold.

blameless before God at the last day.... to pray—pray together, pray secretly, seek the guid-

"For behold the field is white already to harvest; ance of the Spirit of the Lord on their knees quietly

and lo, he that thrusteth in his sickle with his might, and alone, and together. Every week or two they

the same layeth up in store that he perisheth not, should get their Doctrine and Covenants out and go but bringeth salvation to his soul."I think that ought over this revelation and ask themselves, "Have we

to be impressed upon every missionary who goes into increased in faith since we came into the mission the field. They volunteer their time, they're not field or in the last two weeks?"Virtue—that term

forced, therefore, when they go out into the field to means more than just keeping the body clean from preach the gospel they become the servants of our evil. A man can be unvirtuous in his thinking. The

Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, voluntarily, and they Lord made that clear. Therefore, missionaries'

should understand that they have made the promise thoughts should be pure. They should think virtuor covenant with him to serve him with all they haveously as well as act that way.

heart, might, mind and strength, and if they fail, Knowledge? They can ask each other, "What have

then there may be a penalty. If they do not put we gained the last week or two? Have we learned

forth every effort to serve the Lord, the Spirit of the something that helps us, that makes us better misLord will withdraw from them, and they may lose sionaries than we were two weeks ago?"

the faith. Temperance—not just refraining from drinking

I think that a missionary and his companion should liquor! I think this word has a different meaning as

sit down together frequently, read these verses, then it's used here. I think they should be temperate in

consider the sixth verse for there the Lord points out their language and in their actions—not make extravathe qualifications of a successful missionary: "Rememgant statements in their proselyting and never quote

ber faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, anyone unless they have absolute assurance of the brotherly kindness, godliness, charity, humility, dilisource of the substance of their quotation. Teach

gence."Now these are the qualifications they should the elders to be temperate in what they say, wise in

seek, and with the Spirit of the Lord they can obtain their counsel, and patient.

them. If they have no faith, then they're useless in When they get out in the world they come in

the mission field. Missionaries should be instructed contact with people (Continued on page 733)

OCTOBER 1961 717 Southern Northern Southern South Far East Far East Australian Central Getman West German North Q German German

Howard C Maycock Royal K. Hunt Percy K Fetzer Stephen C. Richards Blythe M. Gardner lliam S. Erekson W. Whitney Smith Paul C. Andrus Robert S. Taylor Bruce R. McConkii

Zealand w South Hawaiian ( Samoan ) Tongan Q) PolynesianFrench Rarotonga New Zealand African Australian Neww South

Weldon V. Moore Fred W. Schwendiman H. Clay Cummings 0. Layton Alldredge Harry V Brooks John Phillip Hanks M Vernon Coombs Kendall W Young Joseph R. Reeder

The Church was facing a great testing period in the mid 1830's.

The attendant evils of speculation, "... evil surmisings, faultfinding,

disunion, dissension, and apostasy followed in quick succession, and it seemed as though all the powers of earth and hell were combining their influence in an especial manner to overthrow the Church at once and make a final end."1 In this state of things Joseph SmithFIRST

wrote "... God revealed to me that something new must be done

for the salvation of His Church. And on or about the first of June,

1837, Heber C. Kimball, one of the Twelve, was set apart by theMISSION spirit of prophecy and revelation... to preside over a mission to

England, [and open] the first foreign mission of the Church of Christ in the last days."2TO BRITAIN Accordingly on June 13, Elder Kimball and another member of

BY STANLEY BUCHHOLZ KIMBALL the twelve, Orson Hyde, along with Dr. Willard Richards, and Joseph

ASSISTANT PROFESSOR OF HISTORY

SOUTHERN ILLINOIS UNIVERSITY (ALTON)

Xt

Xb

v*?...'.

"rvs- '.''',

*3*||g|jgjjKfe Fielding, a priest, left for New York City by way of Buffalo, Utica, prayed, administered the Sacraand Albany. From Albany they took a steamship, arriving in New York ment, held council for the success

City the evening of June 22. There they were joined by John Goodof the mission, and had a joyful time,

sen, a seventy; Elder Isaac Russell; and John Snyder, a priest. (These [confounded] two sectarian priests

three, along with Joseph Fielding, had emigrated from England to [who] came in to find fault."3 On

Canada where they had joined the Church. They were now returning the 28th they posted 180 of Elder

to England because of a desire to present the gospel to their friends Hyde's "Timely Warnings"to various and relatives there.) clergymen of the city. Apparently

While in New York City they "roomed"on the bare floors of a they also did some street corner storehouse owned by the father of Elijah Fordham, possibly the only "tracting"for they "... distributed

member of the Church in the city at that time. During the ten days many [tracts] to the citizens, and at

the missionaries waited for their vessel to sail for Liverpool they the same time conversed with them worked two days for Mr. Fordham in repayment for the privion the subject of the Gospel."4 Finally

lege of sleeping on his floors. Sunday the 25th they "... fasted, on July 1, they sailed aboard the

packet ship, the Garrick.

The Garrick berthed 927 tons, had the long flat floor of the New Orleans packets. She was very fast. It was

one of the famous ships that the

Marine Dry Dock Company of New

York built for the E. K. Collins Line

in 18351836. Because the Garrick

and several of her sister ships, the

Roscius, Sheridan, and Siddons, bore the names of famous actors, the

Collins Line was popularly known as the "Dramatic Line."5

The owner, Edward K. Collins,

was considered "the most conspicuous of the independent operators"and prided himself on his excellent service. He was finally forced out

of business, however, in 1858 beTHE PACKET SHIP GARRICK, the vessel which cause of the withdrawal of governto first missionaries the carried and from England, in ment subsidy and competition from the 1838. Mariners Courtesy, 1837 and Museum,

Newport News, Va. the English Cunard Line. (To this

PACKET ROW, New York City, 1828. Most of the day Cunard is one of the largest

ocean and coastal packet berths were located on this steamship lines.)

stretch Street South between Maiden Lane and of Wall Elder Kimball and company seStreet. ship in the left the foreground SwallowThe was

tail packet Leeds which was wrecked later that same cured Second Cabin accommodayear. (1828.) tions for $18 each and laid in a

(First provisions. first missionaries undoubtedly of their The would have departed stock own.!:&-C.M cK!i street. arrived and from this cost $150.) board class passage and

Photographs of these early nineteenth century prints are At 10 am the Garrick weighed anreproduced through courtesy of the New York Public chor and was towed down the East Library.

River by a steamer as far as Sandy

Hook where, although the missionaries did not record the details and the excitement of getting underway, the procedure was probably very much like the following account:

(Continued on page 744)

JESOTA

Part III THE JOSEPH SMITH STORY

BY HUGH NIBLEY

Mrs. Brodie, it will be recalled, rests her impeachthat? Not Joseph Smith and the Mormons, certainly.

ment of the first vision story on the silence of the It will be recalled that Joseph Smith was, as he record between 1820 and 1840. But the argument of puts it, "induced"to write his story "owing to the

silence is if anything even less significant before 1840 many reports which have been put in circulation by than after. For if fiftyodd "standard works"on the evildisposed and designing persons...."Did he

history of Mormonism can all omit the key to that merely imagine such things? He did not. On Novemhistory even after that history has been formally ber 30, 1830 the Painesville Telegraph reported: "To

published to the world, what are the chances of record the thousand tales which are in circulation finding anything like a coherent account of that respecting the book and its propagators would be an supremely unpopular and muchmishandled story in endless task and probably lead to the promulgation the much scantier literature of the earlier period, of a hundred times more than was founded on before there was any official Mormon version to act truth."50 The editor is well aware of what a swarm

as a source, a check, or a control? One might argue of stories about Joseph Smith are going around, and

that it is inconceivable that antiMormon writers, how easily they depart from the truth. Did Joseph

eager to convict Joseph Smith of blasphemy and Smith and the Mormons make up all those shockers—

boundless impudence, would pass by such a juicy about themselves? We have examined a great number

item as the first vision story in silence. Yet we have of those stories, which we compare in a recent

just seen that fifty of them did just that; though they study, 57 and found that they all turn on a few stock

claimed to be quoting Joseph Smith's own story, none themes: There are the digging stories, the peep stones,

of them "even intimated,"to quote Mrs. B., "that he appearances of angels and devils, crooked business

had heard the story of the two gods."All of which deals and speculations, the mysterious plates, and,

shows that ignorance of an event is not the only reason not least of all the first vision story.

for silence concerning it. Policy and prejudice play Let us see how Mrs. Brodie tries to build up a case

a dominant role in religious history, and especially in against Joseph Smith by implication. It was in 1834

antiMormon history. "shortly after Mormonism Unveiled appeared"that

But, it may be argued, the suppression of the story Joseph Smith published the "first sketch of his early after 1840 was not total. Neither was it before 1840. years,"which "took the form of an apology for his

Let us consider some of the "implications"that turn youthful indiscretions."58 This statement is misleadup in the earlier literature which have somehow—but ing: an apology is an explanation or justification of

not surprisingly—quite escaped the notice of Mrs. actions which are explicitly admitted; but Joseph

Brodie, in spite of her predilection for implications. Smith's "apology"flatly denies Howe's charges that

We must warn the reader that the stories we are make him "the vilest wretch on earth,"and insists about to quote are a mess—but no more so than those that his "imperfections"are nothing worse than "a

we have already quoted. It has been standard prolight, and too often, vain mind, exhibiting a foolish

cedure among antiMormon writers to attribute all and trifling conversation."58 In issuing this denial,

this confusion to Joseph Smith himself, who is charged Joseph Smith tells no story whatever; this is not a

with having told a great many conflicting stories, "first sketch of his early years"or of anything else, by way of explaining why the stories told against him but simply a refutation of charges of gross misconduct.

by his enemies never agree. To this charge the fifty But by pretending that it is a history, Mrs. Brodie

writers just cited provide an adequate refutation: can announce that it "differed surprisingly"from the

No two of them tell the same story even after Joseph "official autobiography"of 1838 or 1842. 59 Of course

Smith is long dead and when they all claim to be it did; they are two totally different types of docufollowing a single original. Who is responsible for ment, but there is not the slightest conflict between

724 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA them; they are photographs of the same man, just as pearance of a vision, a conversation with the elder

Lincoln's jokes and his Gettysburg Address though Smith in the field, Father Smith's declaration of bethey "differed surprisingly"are different photographs lief? It is all there, only with Peter Ingersoll, one of

of the same man. the greatest storytellers of them all, in the leadBut if Joseph Smith invented all his heavenly ing role. 05

visitors in reply to Mr. E. D. Howe, one is at a loss The man who claimed to have known Joseph best,

to explain how all those religious manifestations got to have been in fact his intimate associate "from his into Howe's book in the first place; for example, twelfth to his twentieth year,"reported in 1867:

Howe quotes Ezra Booth as reporting in 1831: "Smith "About this time (1827) Smith had a remarkable

describes an angel, as having the appearance of 'a vision. He pretended that, while engaged in secret

tall, slim, wellbuilt, handsome man, with a bright prayer, alone in the wilderness, an 'angel of the Lord,'pillar upon his head.'"00 Now, what we would like appeared to him, with the glad tidings that 'all his

to know is how Joseph Smith could have been going sins had been forgiven,'and proclaiming further that around in 1831 giving intimate firsthand descriptions 'all religious denominations were believing in false of angels—pillar of light and all—if he first invented doctrines, and consequently that none of them were

his angelic interviews in 1838? Howe is not one to acceptable of God as of His Church and Kingdom';

report the first vision; he declares his extreme relucalso he had received a 'promise that the true doctrine

tance to report any of Joseph Smith's supernatural and the fullness of the gospel should at some future tales, 01 and insists that "no one but the vilest wretch time be revealed to him.'Following this, soon came

on earth, disregarding all that is sacred, would ever another angel (or possibly the same one,) revealing dare to have profaned the sacred oracles of truth to to him that he was himself to be 'the favored instru-.'In the fall of the samesuch base purposes.... We are left without weapons ment of the Jiew revelation...

to combat the credulous Mormon believer."62 Yet on year Smith had yet a more miraculous and astonishthe other hand he resents Joseph's reticence and ing vision than any preceding one."00

accuses him of "mystifying everything.""3 From which Mr. Tucker does not bother to tell us what that

it is quite plain that Howe was denied access to a good most marvelous vision of all might have been, but deal of information, and that he was angered and instead he reports that Joseph then "announced to frustrated. As a result his record is a monument of his family and friends and the bigoted persons who

confusion, contradiction, and invective. adhered to his supernaturalism,"that he would go and

Take, for example, Peter Ingersoll's story of how get the plates. These visions, according to Tucker,

when "he was once ploughing near the house of were "repeatedly quoted by his credulous friends at

Joseph Smith, Sr."he was returning to work through the time."07

the field when the elder Smith stopped him and gave Now if Tucker is anything like the reliable firsthim a lecture on seer stones, gazed at one in his own hand source that the critics take him to be, it would hat, and "being very much exhausted, said in a faint be hard to deny that the story of the first vision was voice, If you knew what I had seen, you would being told and retold in 1827: the usual distortions

believe.'"This according to Ingersoll, took place are there, but it is plain enough what is being dissometime between 1822 and "about 1830."64 One torted. At the very least it is certain that Tucker

wonders just how reliable this story is. Is Ingersoll lived in Palmyra in the early 1820's (he moved to

making up the story -or just mixing it up? Could this Canandaigua in 1822 or 1823 and stayed there four

be a garbled version of what happened to Joseph years), and he does seem to have the strong impresSmith the day after Moroni's first visit—working in sion that stories of Joseph Smith's visions were current

the field, going back to the house, fainting, the apat that time. (Continued on page 736)

OCTOBER 1961 725 BEGINNING The Rivers of Babylon BY VIRGINIA MAUGHAN KAMMEYER

Part I

achel, just look,"cried Dolly, "how easily the men lift those heavy bales!"

We stood at the steamboat rail that June1 day in 1846, looking down at the bowed backs, glistening dark skin, and rippling muscles o the chanting dock workers as they swung the cargo aboard. How far we had come from Boston, I reflected, to arrive at the busy port of Cairo, Illinois,

where the Ohio meets the Mississippi.

Dolly's husband, Jeremy Thompson, had gone ashore to arrange to have our furniture stored until we should need it, and as Dolly and I stood at the rail, two "gentlemen"(I shall use the term satirically, for they surely were not) strolled over near us and began to talk together. They were elegantly dressed

in pearlgray trousers and bright waistcoats, and one of them had what appeared to be a genuine ruby ring upon his finger.

Dolly leaned her pretty arms on the rail, interested in the activity below, but, to my chagrin, I heard them very distinctly. "I'll wager on the one in

blue,"remarked the man with the ring. "She has

curls. One has slipped below her hat. The other

one is bound to be plain. I can see the tip of her

long nose past her bonnet edge."He tossed a coin

in the air. "I'll give you ten to one that little blue

bonnet is the prettiest."

He was right, of course, but I did not give him the satisfaction of finding it out. I turned Dolly away

quickly and walked her back to her cabin. I had

heard comparisons between my sister and me too often to be hurt. I was resigned, at twentysix, to

being a spinster and looked forward to the future as an aunty to Dolly's children.

When Jeremy came back, he brought Dolly a beautiful blue silk shawl, the color of her eyes, and one for me that, alas! was not so becoming. Dolly

wrapped hers about her shoulders and twirled before the mirror, admiring the effect. "There is some

excitement down in the lounge,"Jeremy said.

"Oh, let us go see!"cried Dolly, and away they

raced like giddy children. ( Continued on page 746)

We all crowded onto the deck to get a better look, and

Captain Jolly told us that this was Nauvoo.

I would like to share some of my thinking as it pergospel to all the world shortly after the Church was tains to my present assignment in missionary work organized. Later, in 1837, the Prophet decided to

and to the assignment of teachers in the Church send the twelve to England. Some of the brethren

auxiliary organizations, to prepare missionaries. And thought the Prophet was wrong.... (There is a great

then I would like to suggest several areas where we lesson here for us, too, and I hope we catch it. We

might do something a little more beneficial to this should have respect for authorities in the Church, central cause in the Church. even when we disagree. We seldom have any

I do not need to go into much detail concerning trouble with respect to authorities so long as they the responsibility which the Lord laid on the Latteragree with us. It is when disagreement arises that

day Saints to teach the gospel. All of us know that we face the real test of whether we respect authority

the Lord has given this small group of people the or whether we do not.) But the Church survived,

responsibility for carrying the gospel to all the world. and the multitude of converts from England twenty

He has never changed that commission. It is set years later became the architects, the masons, the

forth in section one of the Doctrine and Covenants. I artisans, the carpenters—the skilled craftsmen—that

suppose at the time this revelation was given there were needed to build up the West after the Church were only about 2,000 people in the Church—just a moved to the Rocky Mountains.

small stake. The marvelous thing about the situation As I understand it, this missionary spirit was the

was that this little group of people, led by the Prophet, one single purpose that captivated the interest, attenset about to accomplish what the Lord had told them tion, concern, and talent of everyone in the Church.

to do—just as though they could do it. That is what It was the allconsuming movement that unified the

amazes me. Here, the Prophet received this comChurch in those early days. There were outside

mission to teach the gospel to all the world, and pressures and other things that were disturbing the he set about to do it. The fastest way he could go Saints, but the thing that gave them vigor and vitality,

was by horse. There wasn't any other way to talk to that moved them ahead, was this zeal to share the

people quickly, and yet they started about it just gospel and to bear their testimonies to other people.

as if they could reach all the world. Because of this, we are here today. If these members

Joseph Smith launched the program of carrying the had taken a lackadaisical attitude toward missionary

728 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA work, many of us would not be here, and the Church its objectives, for the moment at least, and concenwould not be what it is. trate in its auxiliary work in building up the desires

It seems to me, however, that somewhere along of our people, certainly our parents, to have their the line some lost the zeal for this work. This one sons and daughters go on missions. The auxiliary

central theme of sharing the gospel became more organizations cannot do this alone. They need the

diversified. It did not seem to remain as the one help of the home. I told the Primary conference

major objective of the Church. It appears that we Friday that I thought their slogan ought to be, 'Every

lost it, in part, at least, and I do not know when, and member baptized at eight and a missionary at twenty.'

I do not know where. Perhaps it is just a natural [The age limit has now been lowered to 19.]

part of growth and division of labor. We sometimes "We are getting not more than one out of four,

get more interested in what we are doing as an ele25 percent. We need 50 percent of the young men

ment than in what we are doing as a unit. Perhaps of this Church. We should have 100 percent, but to

we wanted the approval of the world and more ease get this 12,000 we need 50 percent of the young men of living. When we gained it, we relaxed somewhat. when they become 20 years of age and not 25 percent.

Perhaps it is a matter of economics. I do not know Now, brethren, do you know what I am going to

the answer. But it seems to me that we lost the suggest a little later on? This responsibility falls

vigor, the drive, and the thrill of centralizing all that directly upon every home, every father and every we did in the primary purpose of the Church. mother, every bishop and, I say, every auxiliary

It was in the general conference of April 1960, that organization. None of the auxiliary organizations of

members received a call to return to the singleness the Church, none of the priesthood quorums of the of this purpose that, heretofore, characterized the Church should feel that they have accomplished

Church. I would like to quote from President Moyle's their purpose unless we can train and inspire the

talk in the priesthood session. He said, young people that they will answer these mission-

"First of all, I would like to say without any equivoary calls."

cation that the preaching of the gospel is the obligaIt seems to me that President Moyle, under the tion of the priesthood. It is one of those primary direction of President McKay, was striving to get us

obligations. Every man who holds the priesthood to center our attention and our objectives, once again,

can consider himself a part of the work. He meets on missionary work. Certainly, every auxiliary orthe requirement of the fifth Article of Faith because ganization should readily accept the call to prepare

he has power and authority given him by the laying young people for missionary service. Particularly is

on of hands by those who are in authority to preach this so of the seminaries, for we all realize the potential the gospel and administer in the ordinances thereof. they have for training the very people that ought to

When we either shirk or shrink this responsibility, we be missionaries. It seems to me that the challenge,

are not doing justice to ourselves. We are certainly then, to all teachers is to orient our objectives toward

depriving ourselves of the blessings which we could this goal. We should develop a program that would

cherish above life itself.... center on the development and preparation of mis-

"In every activity of the Church there is no reason sionaries. If we teachers get this spirit well in mind,

why we should not have uppermost in our minds the we can convey an attitude and a desire that are catchfact that the Lord has told us that 'This is my work ing among the young people. It seems to me that an

and my glory, to bring to pass the immortality and approach of this kind, as an aim and an end to all eternal life of man.'We cannot accomplish this if that teachers do, would certainly please the Lord.

we do not open our lips and exert ourselves to bear Now, what approach ought this to take? As I have

that testimony with which the Lord has blessed us."tried to think of the life of Jesus Christ, it seems to

Further, President Moyle said, me that here is the one teacher who had the grasp of "President McKay has it in his mind that other the whole picture of life and the completeness of it.

missions should be opened in other parts of the He understood all about science, having used many world in which we have done little or no missionary of its principles in the creation of this earth. And

work. There are tremendous fields of opportunity, he understood the great contribution of the arts and

but we do not have enough missionaries today to the necessity of all of the everyday living of life.

man the missions properly that are already organized."Yet, out of all that he knew, what was his central

President Moyle gave some examples, and then he theme? He could have launched off into the field

said, of philosophy, or science, or into the arts, but out of "It is our feeling, brethren, that every auxiliary all that he knew, he reduced it to religion—to theology.

organization of the Church should put aside many of Since revelation is the (Continued on page 764)

OCTOBER 1961 729 Every Member a Missionary

(Continued from page 711)

I look upon the opening session of this historymaking with the principles set forth whereby distribution to seminar as the overture to the series of meetings to needy families would be made. Reading this article

follow in which you will get practical suggestions led him to a study of the history of the Church.

and instructions regarding the great missionary phase Dr. Olsen later applied for a subscription to the

of the Church. So, as in an overture, I might mention Church section of the Deseret News. One day two

some of the matters which will be later presented copies of the section were delivered to Sister Belle S.

more fully. I shall do so first by naming the fundaSpafford's daughter who lives in Chicago. She said

mental objectives of a missionary. to the postman, "This copy does not belong to me;

I call them the "Four C's"of missionary work. it is addressed to a Dr. Olsen."The postman replied,

First, Contacting—that is meeting personally or coming "Well, it is snowing today; I will take it tomorrow."

in touch mentally or spiritually with a fellow being. He did not take it the next day, and Sister Spafford's

In missionary work it relates to conversational as well daughter decided to call this stranger, Dr. Olsen. She

as personal contact. called him and inquired as to whether or not he was a

Second—Converting; third—Coordinating; fourth—Mormon. He said, "No, I am not a Mormon, but I do

Celestial Attainment. take the Church Section, and I am very much interThe means of contacting up to date are many. ested in the Church.""Well,"said Sister Spafford's

The first I name is the distribution of literature, tractdaughter, "should you like to know more about it?"

ing from door to door. For one hundred years it has He answered, "Yes, I should."So she said, "Will you

been partially successful, and we can quote many please arrange a meeting in your home and I will ask instances of great men who have had their first introthe elders to call and give you more information."

duction to the Church as the result of a tract given That arrangement is now in progress.

by a humble missionary. Now I must say a word about conversion, the secThe second means of coming into contact with ond of the Four "C's."First of all the missionary is a

them is outdoor meetings; a third—personto-person teacher by direct revelation. Listen to this:

contact; fourth, by every member's taking advantage "And I give unto you a commandment that you

of every opportunity. shall teach one another the doctrine of the kingdom.

Let me illustrate. Last year up at Jenny's Lake, a "Teach ye diligently and my grace shall attend you,

young Mormon girl was waiting on tables just as an that you may be instructed more perfectly in theory, ordinary waitress. To the tourists whom she served, in principle, in doctrine, in the law of the gospel, in

she was known as a Mormon. She made herself all things that pertain unto the kingdom of God, that

known as such to a couple from California. They are expedient for you to understand;

became interested in her and, through her, in the "Of things both in heaven and in the earth, and gospel. She was married recently, and that couple under the earth; things which have been, things

came all the way from California to attend her which are, things which must shortly come to pass;

wedding reception. The reception was in the Sill things which are at home, things which are abroad;

Family Center at the University of Utah. They sat the wars and the perplexities of the nations, and the

through the reception, and I have heard about their judgments which are on the land; and a knowledge

comments regarding that affair—"We have never also of countries and of kingdoms—

seen anything like this in the world; no drinking, no "That ye may be prepared in all things when I

smoking. We have never seen anything to compare shall send you again to magnify the calling whereunto

with it."Later they attended the organ recital on I have called you, and the mission with which I have

Temple Square and also heard the gospel message. commissioned you."(D&C 88:7780.)

Now they are investigating. The great obligation is preparation. These missionHere is another illustration under the heading of aries need to be taught the principles so that when

Contact, Every Member a Missionary. A physician they meet intelligent people in cottage meetings and

and collector of rare articles, Dr. Charles W. Olsen meetings held by referral from other members of the

of Chicago, Illinois, said he had first become interested Church, they will know what they are teaching. We

in the Latterday Saints Church through an article are a Church of teachers. The Mutual Improvement

on the Church Welfare Program which appeared in Associations are two organizations of teachers. Even

the Saturday Evening Post. He said he was trementhe young men and young women whom you leaders

dously impressed with the concept of the program and teach are themselves teachers.

730 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA In the Latterday Saint home the father and the Church, but one objective in this seminar is to conmother are required to be teachers of the word, sider ways in which the group may help him attend expressly required so by the revelations of the Lord. to his individual responsibilities.

Every auxiliary organization, every quorum, is made The final goal of a missionary is celestial attainup of a body of men and women, or of men, who are ment—to be worthy of celestial glory, and I conclude

in the ultimate sense of the word teachers; therefore, by offering one of the greatest revelations ever given

this revelation refers to us all. to man regarding the priesthood:

A teacher cannot teach others that which he him- "We have learned by sad experience that it is the self does not know. He cannot make his students nature and disposition of almost all men, as soon as

feel what he does not feel himself. It is ridiculous they get a little authority, as they suppose, they will

to attempt to lead a young man or a young woman immediately begin to exercise unrighteous dominion.

to obtain a testimony of the work of God if the man "Hence many are called, but few are chosen.

or woman who is attempting to teach does not have "No power or influence can or ought to be mainthat testimony himself or herself. tained by virtue of the priesthood, only by persuasion,

One of our local missionaries, years ago in Scotland, by longsuffering, by gentleness and meekness, and accepted a call to do missionary work. He was not by love unfeigned;

very well prepared, but he accompanied his com- "By kindness, and pure knowledge, which shall panion to an open air meeting, and during his sermon greatly enlarge the soul without hypocrisy, and withmade reference to the book of Paul. A man in the out guile—

audience said, "There's nae sic a book as the book of "Reproving betimes with sharpness, when moved

Paul"; the young missionary gave him a scornful upon by the Holy Ghost"; [not through selfishness,

look, and continuing, made another quotation, saying, personal interest, not to hurt a man's feelings just "And ye'll find that in the book o'Paul."because of personal feelings, but when moved upon

"I tell ye, there's nae sic a book as the book of Paul."by the Holy Ghost] "and then showing forth after-

"Hold your tongue. No more interruptions, or I'll wards an increase of love toward him whom thou

put my fist i'your mouth. I cam'oot here to teach, hast reproved, lest he esteem thee to be his enemy;

not to be taught.""That he may know that thy faithfulness is stronger

The missionary's duty is to know the scriptures. than the cords of death.

The next point is coordination. Harmonious co- "Let thy bowels also be full of charity towards all

ordination means harmonious adjustment or functionmen, and to the household of faith, and let virtue ing; equal in, or in the same rank or order. Make garnish thy thoughts unceasingly; then shall thy

every person, every convert, feel at home. In that confidence wax strong in the presence of God; and

connection, however, I wish to mention that every the doctrine of the priesthood shall distil upon thy convert has a responsibility as an individual and soul as the dews from heaven.

should not be dependent upon the members of the "The Holy Ghost shall be thy constant companion, branch or the ward. But we must not minimize the and thy scepter an unchanging scepter of righteouseffect of greetings, handshakes, and making the new ness and truth; and thy dominion shall he an everconvert feel that he is one of us, equal to us, especially lasting dominion, and without compulsory means

if he is a stranger. it shall flow unto thee forever and ever."(D&C

It is every convert's duty to be "honest, true, chaste, 121:3946. Italics added by writer.)

benevolent, virtuous, and willing to do good to all God bless you, fellow workers; bearers of the

men.... If there is anything virtuous, lovely, or of proclamation of the restoration of the gospel of

good report or praiseworthy, we seek after these Jesus Christ, the second greatest event in all history;

things."(Articles of Faith.) the birth, life, death, and resurrection of Christ being

The individual himself has to pay his tithing, obfirst. Next, his appearance as a Resurrected Being, of

serve the Word of Wisdom, attend his meetings, whom the Father said, "This is my Beloved Son.

Sacrament meeting especially; abstain from faultHear Him."

finding, backbiting, vulgarity, profanity. I think I pray the blessings of God and his Son Jesus Christ

we should emphasize this to every converted be with you, brethren and sisters, authorized repremember—that his is an individual responsibility, not sentatives of this glorious work, in the name of

only to himself, but also to his neighbors, and to the Jesus Christ. Amen.

OCTOBER 1961 731 Build up the Kingdom of God (Continued from page 713)

we all have the ability to go that far in our teaching. stumblingblock, and unto the Greek foolishness;

It is likewise certain that those who hear will be "But unto them which are called, both Jews and capable of understanding. Greeks, Christ the power of God, and the wisdom

And a person who understands and accepts these of God.

simple principles of the gospel meets the requirement "Because the foolishness of God is wiser than men;

for baptism which President [Joseph Fielding] Smith and the weakness of God is stronger than men."

read to us. (D&C 20:37.) We must teach the world (1 Cor. 1:2225.)

that moral codes for individuals can be entrusted to "That your faith should not stand in the wisdom no one but the individual. It must always be above of men, but in the power of God."(Ibid., 2:5.)

the law, a force or power within us which must be Bryant S. Hinckley, whose recent death sorrowed

felt, which cannot be denied either by atheists or us all, had this to say about two attributes which agnostics. every missionary should possess to the maximum.

Another thought that President McKay is con- "Enthusiasm is the greatest asset in the world. It

stantly emphasizing is that we must bring our conbeats money, power, and influence. It is nothing

verts to a position where they accept these standards more or less than faith in action. The Greek's definifor themselves, where they act for themselves, and tion of the word 'God in us'makes its meaning

where they are capable with the leadership which we clear. It has in it the qualities of fervor, warmth, and

give to the branches and districts in the mission to persuasion. Opposition strengthens it. It flourishes

fellowship themselves. in adversity and inspires the deeds of heroism and

I might say parenthetically that one of the best renown. In fact, it is the inspiration of all great

ways, it seems to me, to insure action in every dethings. If enthusiasm gets out of control or is

sirable direction on the part of the convert is to in misdirected, it may result in fanaticism, bigotry, and turn let him apply these group meetings, this referral intolerance. But when it is wedded to wisdom and

program, all of the details of our missionary work to guided by sound judgment, it is the most potent force his own investigators and converts. I have in mind of human achievement."

now Detroit. When Brother Benson was there orAnd then Brother Hinckley says this about fortiganizing the stake, and I accompanied him, we learned tude, "[it] is resolute endurance. There is no more

that we had thirty converts (that was the Northern searching test of the human spirit than the way it

States Mission in those days) who constituted the behaves under adversity, under long periods of initial stake missionary corps, and they went out and struggle, disappointment. This, I repeat, is one of

baptized thirty more. the deepest tests of character. Trouble strips a man

After a convert has brought another convert into of all his borrowed faith, reveals the strength and the Church, you can be assured that he is pretty fibre of his soul, makes him acquainted with his own near fellowshiped and has the problem of fellowweakness and his own strength. It either embitters

shiping somebody else. And I think that is the secret him or makes him bigger and better to live victoriof our missionary work. This statement of President ously, to live to the end without surrender, which

McKay is almost a direction, a command. "Every requires a combination of fortitude, patience, and

member a missionary"applies to every convert the faith."He told the story not infrequently about a

moment he is baptized. The proper freedom of man who had been hunting all day and had fired

conscience brings all men who believe in God to the his last shot. He was making his way home down

same standard of life. And that is one of the great the steep and narrow trail when he was suddenly

testimonies of the divinity of the work in which we confronted by a grizzly bear. The bear looked at

are engaged. In fellowshiping our Saints, the gospel him and he looked at the bear. He realized that he

intends us to develop within ourselves knowledge of had been careless about his religious duties and what is right and to choose the right freely and to concluded that he could not consistently ask the Lord devote our development of our choice in our daily for help. So he prayed, "Oh, Lord, if you will not

conduct. And when I say we, and us, and our, I am help me, do not help the bear. Just look on and you

talking about these newly baptized converts. will see one of the greatest fights you ever saw."And

"For the Jews require a sign, and the Greeks seek he lived to tell the story.

after wisdom: May I conclude by invoking the choicest blessings

"But we preach Christ crucified, unto the Jews a of our Heavenly Father upon us all.

732 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Era of Youth October 1961

TO DO: Marion D. Hanks, Editor Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor

BY MARION D. HANKS

More things in life are certain than the oftnoted "death and taxes."One of the certainties of

life is that individuals must make decisions. Another is that the quality of our decisions determines the success, satisfaction, and contribution of our lives.

But how does one go about making right decisions? How to avoid the wrong choices, and

the "decisions by default"which are the product of indecision?

Here are some suggestions for consideration:

BE CLEAR ON YOUR PRINCIPLES Decisions involving honor, honesty, virtue decide themselves, if we have learned what is right and firmly committed ourselves to it beforehand.

Deciding on the basis of correct principles habituates us to right choices and strengthens our capacity to discern and choose the good.

But what of decisions which are not so clear, where there may be "right"in both or several alternatives?

TAKE THE LONG VIEW, LOOK AHEAD What do you really want to give and get from life?

Some of us make shortsighted choices which seem to serve the needs or desires of the moment. How will the

decision look in an hour, a month, five years, eternally?

What effect will it have on you then?

THINK AND CONSIDER, EXAMINE AND WEIGH all Perthe issues, evaluate. then you can about

to writeWHAT TO DO ABOUT hapsLearn it be well would the "fors"paper down on and "againsts"of a particular solution, clarifying the issues and prospects.

No important decision should be made in haste when time for deliberation is possible, and none should beMAKING made in anger or sorrow or anxiety.DECISIONS

LEARN FROM THE EXPERIENCE OF OTHERS

Look around you. Listen. Be wise enough not to make the

mistakes others have made. Jesus was able to learn without the painful problems of wrong choices. He accepted

the counsel and direction of his Father and the prophets.

This should be our objective and pattern.

COUNSEL WITH WISE AND EXPERIENCED

FRIENDS We cannot shift the burden of making decisions. We must become selfreliant. But there are those

who can help us clarify our objectives and thinking. God

has commissioned some to counsel, and promised them discernment in so doing.

Advice from the unqualified, whose own choices are often obviously bad, must be avoided or resisted.

PRAY Seek the help of the Lord in considering, in deciding. The guidance of the Spirit is

promised those who humble themselves and qualify.

DECIDE, AND PRAY On the basis of principle, with the long view, having thought and observed and counseled, prayerfully make the decision. The Lord will not decide for us, but

he will give us confirming witness if we have chosen well.

Recall the experience of Oliver Cowdery who tried to translate but failed. To him the Lord

said: "Behold you have not understood; you have supposed that I would give it unto you,

when you took no thought save it was to ask me. But, behold, I say unto you, that you must

study it out in your mind; then you must ask me if it be right, and if it is right I will cause that

your bosom shall burn within you; therefore, you shall feel that it is right."(D&C 9:7-9.)

I decide? Quotes from youth. How do

Mormons are in the minority in Independence, so any decision I make must be based on how it will make me look to those not of our faith.

David Harris, 16, Independence, Mo.

Consulting both one's earthly father and one's Heavenly Father is the only way to come to a decision in an important problem. I'd never want to do anything displeasing to

either of them. I think my parents are so tremendous that my decisions would have to

be in harmony with their attitudes, beliefs.

Craig Smith, 15, Salt Lake City, Utah

David Craig Jay Gay June Brent Nancy

Harris Smith Burnett Jacobs Johnson I Pulsipher Moore

It's a good idea to examine one's problems in the light of the gospel. We should never

decide to do anything contrary to church standards or displeasing to parents.

Jay Burnett, 16, Schenectady, New York

Life can be likened to a treasure hunt with the whole earth as the field. We must return

to our heavenly home laden with the right treasures. I keep this in mind when I'm pondering a problem.

Gay Jacobs, 19, Oakland, California

Consider both sides of every problem. This is especially important when you're growing

up and still learning. The Church's belief on what makes for a good life has everything

to do with how I make a decision on anything from whom I date to how I spend my Sundays.

June Johnson, 16, St. Catherine, Ontario, Canada

Some decisions have to be made on the spot—no time to ponder. I've made it a point in my

life never to leave my room in the morning unless I feel I have the Spirit of the Lord with me. It's like going off without shoes on to leave without a proper prayer for guidance

during the day.

Brent Pulsipher, Ogden, Utah

I believe in the power of the Holy Ghost given us when we're confirmed to guide us in all things. I don't make a decision until I get a feeling of "rightness"about a problem.

Nancy Moore, 1U, Cleveland, Ohio

WHAT TO DO:

On a Saturday Night

ALONE on Saturday night? Well, you can hope TWOSOME fun on Saturday night is the big

by the phone, mope by the TV, or cope with the dream, of course. So whether it's a prom or a

problems of your position in a positive manner. parlor party a movie or a Mutual dance, it really

studying Consider selfimprovement (in material is doesn't matter the when good. a company As

the... completing a longERA OF YOUTH?) fish change, though, fry for a visit try: a two, to

overdue project (the sweater you're knitting?) the zoo, a jaunt through the museum, a "trolley"ride

piece, reading (a Michael Drury some poetry, limits to the city again; and back the watch or... scripture?)... catalog collection your (of planes in, the... trains the go out, come morning

records or rocks or insects or china horses?). paper get printed, a disc jockey in action. Just

Spruce up some while you do it, though, partly remember who you are wherever you are, and the for morale and partly because you just might not evening will be much better, by far.

be alone all evening!

ALONE TWOSOME

HffCROWDfii FAMILY STYLE CROWD a group of teens into one activity on FAMILY STYLE fun might follow the format of

Saturday pm and you come up breathless. For a a home evening with the lonely, the unloved, and

more memorable time, stage an impromptu songnewcomers in the neighborhood on the guest list.

fest... hike in the moonlight... show home An entertaining program could include appromovies (each teen brings a reel) or movies at priate tributes and greetings for all. Or...

home (chip in and rent one, Hollywood style)... update your books of remembrance... go bowling

take food and fun to the shutin down the block... help a neighbor with a barn raising, ground

... play progressive table games... prepare a clearing, house painting, pool building project...

surprise package for the missionaries... learn a stage a cousins exchange... plant bulbs about

new dance step... try a gourmet taste treat the Church. Even the most reluctant dragon in

(banana buns?)... cook dinner for the team or your family will enjoy the novelty of an hour or

freeze ice cream for the MIA executives. two spent in a worthwhile way with loving kin.

ELAINE CANNON.And Sunday

A Chinese Christian once gave to a beggar six of the seven coins he was carrying. But the beggar, not content ivith six, found opportunity to steal

the seventh. Today, people similarly steal the Lord's day, ivith work, tennis,

skiing, swimming, movies, and many more activities.

3 The Savior taught that "The sabbath was made for man, and not man for the sabbath,"(Mark 2:27) but not for man to waste, nor for man's

play. Neither is it a day to enslave man's spirit, but to feed it. Like other

things, when the spirit is fed, it grows—neglected, it withers and dies. It

usually takes the same intent and consistent effort as learning to play the violin or the piano. It isn't easy and was not intended to be. But the rewards

are infinite and everlasting.

Have you recently written someone who needs to hear from you? Have

you visited a shutin—not a friend who expects you, but someone you can

please and who expects no one?

To his critics, Christ said, "Is it lawful to do good on the sabbath or no?"(See ibid., 3:4.)

How about fine music with family or friends or a good book by yourself? What better day than Sunday to get to know your family? Have you

heard their dreams and hopes, their plans or their experiences? Do you dress

as if you knew it was the Lord's day?

And, finally, are you on speaking terms ivith your Father in heaven?

Do you know what it means to really worship? This, too, takes practice.

But ive are gaining ground or losing it every Sabbath day.

"God is not tvaiting to whip us or to punish us for breaking the Sabbath day. What we are will be reward or punishment enough."

—Russell C. Harris

T

MABEL S. NOALL G. HOMER DURHAM

Since skills obsolesce and facts wear out, the Two teachings, received from my parents, best gift in today's world is a love of the have always helped me. First, the recognition

act of learning. There is a knack to learning. that hard work, to acquire optimum

You are never too young to acquire it. intelligent results, benefits by asking of God,

Enjoy it and it becomes a habit. Then you are "that giveth to all men liberally and

constantly becoming ready for work that upbraideth not."

does not yet exist. Life always opens out... Second, heightening the importance of one's

in a pathway of eternal progression. environment and associates, that to try

constantly to qualify, so to live as to "always have his spirit to be with them,"is the

Mother of three children, all college graduates. fundamental, conditioning factor for intelligent

Mabel S. Noall is Senior Consultant to Science Research

growth and human service. The

Associates on leave from Boston University faculty.

of the companionship constitute Spirit may

Former member of University of Utah faculty and attainable. a standard not fully But

conductor of summer work shops for Brigham Young within reach. Toward it one is alwaysit privilegedis

University. She has degreesfrom University of Utah, to strive quietly. I believe such effort

University of Southern California, and Boston University. is basic to successful achievement.

WHAT TO DO Dr. G. Homer Durham is President of Arizona State

University. Prior to this he was Academic VicePresidentABOUT THE and Professor of Political Science at the University

of Utah. He has served as President of the American

Society for Public Administration, filled a mission in England, and has been a high councilman. HeFUTURE currently writes a monthly column in the

by some who have already Improvement Era. The Durhams (she was

done something about it Eudora Widtsoe) have three children.

MARBA C. JOSEPHSON DAVID B. HAIGHT

Would you be interesting to your When I was fourteen, I thought that the classmates? Read. Would you know the best high light of a man's career would be to play

thoughts of the greatest people? Read. baseball for the Yankees - to step up

Would you know the greatest events in the to bat in the World Series, score tied, last countries of the world? Read. Would you know inning, final game, and knock the ball out

the earth and its peoples? Read. of the park.

Would you know the gospel of Jesus Christ? But when I sat in the beauty and quiet

Read. And with all your reading follow of the Temple witnessing the marriage of our

the advice of the wise Abbe Dimnet who said daughter, assembled there with my wife that we mustn't be content with reading and all three of our children, I knew good books; life is too short; we must read for certain that here was the greatest joy and

only the best. Or memorize this scripture thrill that had come into my life,

from the Doctrine and Covenants "... seek ye or could come.

out of the best books words of wisdom; I give you my conviction that regardless of

seek learning, even by study and also where you make your home, whatever your by faith."(D&C 88:118.) occupation or profession may be, your life will

be richer, more rewarding, and have a greater degree of real happiness

Marba C. Josephson, wife of the late Newel Josephson, if you remain strong in the faith.

is mother offive children, Associate Managing Editor of the Improvement Era, former president of the

National League of American Pen Women, David B. Haight is president of the Palo Alto Stake,

vicepresident of the Utah Press Women, chairman mayor of the city of Palo Alto, and, among other of the Women's Division of the United Fund. civic responsibilities, a former president of the

She has a B.A. degree in English and History from Chamber of Commerce. He is also president of a large

the University of Utah, with graduate work done hardware and builders'supply company with operations at the University of Southern California. She is now in four sections of the Bay Area. His wife is the

working on her doctorate. former Ruby Olsen, and they have three grown children.

He said it's not security, k But freedom at its best

That makes of mortals greater men,

And fills each task with zest.

Although we might not reach the goal

WHAT TO DO: We'reUpon thebetterfirstmenattempt,for having tried

Not weaklings of contempt.

scorn those not do succeed who Weabout the world build there. But and from go

This love of things and life and men

With sweetness fills the air.

I asked another traveler The query just the same.

I know not of the road he trod,

Nor did I know his name.

But from the words that he replied,

So close I knew the man "The world,"said he with many airs, "Is quite without a plan To make it good or elsewise ill.

Just see that you attain Its worldly stuff to keep your life

And all you own to gain.

"Is the world good?"I ask each traveler Yes, work will have its bounties rich

And prizes fair to see,I meet upon life's way,

And it's not at all surprising So set about this merry chase

It is the life for me!"To hear the things they say.

Said one, "The world is good enough

But for the men therein. Just then his golden tie pin shot

to my eye.God's world is perfect work,"he said, A sunbeam

"But men are full of sin."He didn't see the sunbeam, though,

I could not help a feeling then Or look into the sky,

Of why the world was made, For golden trinkets, gems of cost,

And how unhappy he must be Were quite enough for him.

life, the very stuffWho all mankind forbade. But life—real

He'd hardly stopped to skim, I asked another traveler Went floating off beyond his reach.

The question of them all: His world was to the brim

"Is the world good?"Replete with man's most empty charms,

He stooped and plucked And nothing more for him.

A flower from a wall, And, standing once again erect Which of these men has really lived?

Beneath the azure sky, Which said the world is fair?

Said, "Yes, the world and life are good, For each has left it slightly more

And so to be wish I."The way he found it there.

He indicated nature's best Who found it bad has made it worse.

And told the good in each. Who found material things

Now every portion of my quest Has added to the worldly wealth

His wisdom seemed to reach. That money to us brings.

He talked on more about this life But greatest gift of all, I deem,

And how we all must try The one who found it free

Win or lose, we still attempt, Has made the world a richer place

And so to do wish I. For liberty to be.

by Kent Busse, 18 Hood River, Oregon MAESTRO'S REWARD When I first saw him he was resting quietly in a huge highbacked Victorian chair, which was just next to his beloved old grand piano. The draped windows created a lovely backdrop for this peaceful scene,

with the lazy sun of midafternoon sifting in on a leafy fern through the deep scarlet of the stained glass.

The maestro was well past his eightieth year, but still had never had the opportunity to see any of his students play a significant formal concert.

As we entered this quiet studio, the maestro glanced up. His eyes met hers.

With joy, he recognized her, asking with his tired old voice. ''Why Charlotte, what are you doing

here? I thought you were at the university."

"Oh, I was,"she replied, "But last week something so wonderful happened! I hardly know how to

tell you.""Come, come. What is it?"

"I am playing a concert tonight at Carnegie Hall!"

"Oh, that is wonderful,"he repeated with enthusiasm. "I must come and listen to you play!"

"Please excuse me for being so rude,"Charlotte interrupted. "Let me introduce you."

"This is my fiance, Jonathan Waterman; Jonny, this is Mr. Stronski, my very first music teacher."

We exchanged greetings, and because of the lateness of the afternoon, Charlotte left. She went to

the concert hall to practice for the last time before her performance.

I remained and chatted with the maestro for awhile, and then arranged to return later in the evening to take him to the concert with me.

The hours passed very swiftly, and before we knew it, the maestro and I were seated on the fron t row of Carnegie Hall, waiting for Charlotte to make her appearance.

Then, very gracefully, in a flowing black formal, Charlotte made her entrance and took her bows, then she seated herself at the keyboard of the concert grand piano. As she did so, I could almost hear

the maestro's heart pounding, for he had every reason to be proud of her. You see, Charlotte had

been the only one of his students to ever attain such a lofty position in the world of music.

Throughout her performance, the maestro listened very intently, and watched her every motion on the ivory keys.

Then, after more than an hour of majestic performance, Charlotte played her climax, an impressive Polonaise, by Chopin; then to complete her program, she did a very beautiful and emotional

sonata by Beethoven.

I studied the maestro's face, furrowed with the lines of life, of pain, of joy, of sorrow. As the

sonata advanced, it softened into a hushed lullaby. The maestro, to keep from weeping at this moment

of ecstacy and pride, closed his eyes.

Now, he seemed to enjoy Charlotte's music even more, for on his careworn face there appeared a faint smile. So contented; so much at peace with himself he was.

Then my eyes jumped quickly to Charlotte as I heard the last romantic chords of the sonata fade into silence, which gave way to deafening applause. It stopped when Charlotte spoke.

"You have applauded me alone. But now, applaud my wonderful teacher, my first teacher, who at

the age of eighty is here tonight."

Again the audience applauded. But as it beat upon my ears, I was struck by a most frightful thought.

I glanced at the maestro. He still wore the same expression, that of beautiful and sacred inner

peace and joy.... But now, these emotions were his for the eternities; his tired old eyes were still

closed, but now they were closed forever.

by Larry Lee Birch, 16 Idaho Falls, Idaho abpofc BOYS... Feed them. The way to a man's Humbe

heart is you know where. cfthings Wdo

GIRLS Notice them.

Attention is the sincerest form of flattery.

s HOMEWORK... Do it. To have

commenced is half the deed.

MONEY

... Manage it.

A dime in time saves embarrassment.

.

..

Teens above, left to right: Julia Groth and

Jim Backman, Paul Engeman, Perry Lane and daughter Marilyn, Mark Eskelson, Kay

Dean Cahoon, Nick Eldredge.

WHAT TO DO ABOUT THE CHuKCJH

LEARN! inStudydiscussions.the gospel. GetReada thereturnedBook ofmissionaryMormon. toParticipategive the

systematic lessons to your group. Know what you believe!

LIVE! Doself whatas oneyouwhoknowhas theis right.gumptionTaketo astickstand.by yourIdentifystandardsyourin spite of what "everyone else"is doing. Turn away from

the filthy story, the cup of brew, the wild "adventure."Do

things your way, and make it the right way.

talents. give to opportunities your time and Be aSERVE! Accept teacher. cause worthwhile teacher, or a ward Primary Any

requires something of you, and that is especially true of

God's work. Be there when you should, and on time, ready,

willing, and able to contribute.

SHARE! DivideInvite yourwithfriendsothersto yourhappinessgreatestby teachinggifts andthempossessions.the truth,

by showing them that joy comes with living the truth, by witnessing truth in word and deed. Get them to participate.

Help them to know and love God.

I

Missionaries—Modern Miracles

(Continued from page 717)

who have been trained in the traditions of the earth; things which have been, things which are, things

socalled Christian world in doctrines that have which must shortly come to pass; things which are

come down for hundreds of years. But the misat home, things which are abroad; the wars and

sionaries go out fresh with the understanding and the perplexities of the nations, and the judgments the testimony of the restoration of the gospel, and which are on the land; and a knowledge also of counthey may be a little impatient with these poor tries and of kingdoms—."

people when they are not ready to accept our views More particularly I want to call attention to the or doctrines readily, even though they are earnest next verses—"That ye may be prepared in all things

and sincere, just as earnest and sincere as we are. Let when I shall send you again to magnify the calling

missionaries learn patience, brotherly kindness—whereunto I have called you, and the mission with

heard a missionary in a foreign country express himwhich I have commissioned you.

self in regard to the people to whom he was carrying "Behold, I sent you out to testify and warn the the message in an uncomplimentary manner. Well, people, and it becometh every man who hath been

they were different from us in many of their habits, warned to warn his neighbor.

in their looks, and in the teachings that they had "Therefore, thev are left without excuse, and their received. We must know, that as missionaries, we sins are upon their own heads."(Ibid., 8082.) Now

have to learn to love the people whether in Japan our mission is not just one of gathering out the honest, or China, the South Seas, South America, no matter bringing into the Church the repentant, but we have where it is on the face of the earth. The Lord the duty and responsibility of warning the world and

scattered Israel to every part of the earth according leaving them without excuse.

to his predictions, and we're sending our missionaries When they are warned, if that's all you can do with out to preach the gospel and gather them in, so we them, bear your testimony of the restoration of the should have a brotherly feeling. If we have the right gospel, and when they are in the hands of the Lord,

spirit, we will. you are clear. "Therefore, they are left without

Godliness—means that we should try to be as nearly excuse, and their sins are upon their own heads."

like God as we can. If we keep that in mind, that Now, you good mission presidents, be kind to these

will help to keep us humble. young, inexperienced missionaries. A young man can

Charity—we should have charity for these poor be ruined in the first month or six weeks of his mispeople. Now it was my privilege to go down through sion. He can become discouraged, disappointed. He

Central and South America a few months ago. I saw needs your sympathy; he needs your guidance; he

the conditions there. Brother Tuttle and I went into needs your help and encouragement to lead him

some of the great churches. We saw those poor along, because of the opportunities he is to receive

people in the midst of their poverty coming in, putting as he goes forth to teach the gospel. He comes in

their coins into receptacles, kneeling down, and contact with people who apparently know more than praying. They were sincere in all their ignorance. I he does, and sometimes the first few months are

could not go out of one of those buildings and say months of discouragement. Help him, buoy him up,

something mean or unkind about those poor people. and strengthen him that he may, through the help

I felt sorry for them. My heart went out to them of the Lord, have humility to perform the labor that

because they did not know any better, and in the he is sent there to perform.

humility of their souls they were doing those things Encourage these young men; help them. If they're

faithfully and ignorantly. I felt more like weeping a little weak in the beginning, help them to become

than making unkind remarks. I could make the strong. Don't force them too greatly. Every misunkind remarks about the people who led them sionary doesn't have the same ability, the same

to do it. personality. Some of them are more or less plodders,

Humility—we need to keep ourselves humble, and but their hearts are right. We can't place them on

then last of all—diligence. Our missionaries should the same level. Some are quicker to learn. We must

prepare themselves by study and by faith. take all of these tilings into consideration. Be kind

In section eightyeight, verse seventynine, the Lord and considerate and encouraging. Because some

gives some instructions intended for missionaries as other missionary makes a far greater success, let well as others on which we should be prepared "Of nothing happen, as far as we're concerned, by way of things both in heaven and in the earth, and under the discouragement to the young missionary who does

OCTOBER 1961 733 not have quite the same ability. Covenants: "And again, by way of repented of all their sins, and are

I'm going to read to you the covecommandment to the church conwilling to take upon them the name nant of baptism that the Lord has cerning the manner of baptism—All of Jesus Christ, having a determinagiven us. I don't think people those who humble themselves before tion to serve him to the end, and

should be brought into this Church God, and desire to be baptized, and truly manifest by their works that before they know something about come forth with broken hearts and they have received of the Spirit of it. It is in verse thirtyseven of seccontrite spirits, and witness before Christ unto the remission of their

tion twenty in the Doctrine and the church that they have truly sins, shall be received by baptism into his church."That is the covenant of baptism.

Then this other verse which does

of the Church. "He that Pioneers—and a perspective memberapply to every missionary and every seeketh me early shall find me, and

on being busy shall not be forsaken."(Ibid., 88:83.)

RICHARD L. EVANS

We have talked in recent weeks of the comparative values of life, of the uses of time, and of elimiKINDNESS

THE inconsequential. the nating be a Today there may SPOKEN BY S. OMAR BARKER in point of the present some comparisons making WORD

with the past. In this prefabricated, prepackaged

period, most makes up our of what material lives comes through I think of kindness as a flower lines so wellorganized assembly machinery and and operated that we are hardly aware of the effort of anyone. And yet with Whose petals may be deeds

all this done for us by others, we seem to feel more crowded and Or words to cheer a saddened hour—

hardpressed than were people in the past. To put the picture in

perspective, think a moment of the pioneer mother, father, family, Whichever my friend needs.

wresting firsthand from nature sheer sustenance and necessities. I think of kindness as a bread

wilderness, in the of being nursing Think for loved and caring illnesses, injuries, accidents, professional without ones through help Of heaven we may share, or facilities, or much of medication. Think of breaking ground, That hungry hearts be warmly fed

of growing and grinding grain, of gathering food, of storing food, By knowing people care.

of cutting logs, of providing protection against the elements, insects, animals, in short, of living starkly next to nature, without I think of kindness as the best all the processing, packaging, provisioning, and without profesOf all gifts we can give;

sional services that personal have to count and come so much we For in its giving we are blest far frontiers the find those did on time to do who lived on. How

what they did—to fish, to hunt, to feed, to defend, to make a meal By learning how to live.

or a shirt or a shelter from the simple and absolute essentials? The

answer, of course, is work and faith—a great degree of selfreliance

and a great dependence upon divine Providence. But out of this,

there comes a question: What do we do—we who sometimes suppose that we are busier than anyone ever was—what do we do with

the time our forebears used in providing these absolute essentials?

Our very busy busyness is in part a paradox, and we need repeatedly Don't Lose the Shepherds an appraisal of what takes our lives, our time, what keeps us forever on the run. "Nothing,"said Plato, "is more unworthy of (Continued from page 715)

a wise man,... than to have allowed more time for trifling, and

useless things, than they deserved."1 Time is limited, and what is worse, his spirit.

may be done with it is limitless, and we are accountable for what These young people under you are we do with ourselves, our time and talents, our efforts and opporlike colts. They are purebreds, but

tunities, with the hours, the days that God has given. This from all are not intended or fitted for

Richard Baxter in summary suggests some searching of our souls: the same kind of work. Speaking

"Spend your time in nothing,"he said, "which you know must be again of horses, some horses are repented of; in nothing on which you might not pray for the Clydesdale and some are Hambleblessing of God; in nothing which you could not review with a tonians. We do not expect a

quiet conscience on your dying bed; in nothing which you might Hambletonian to be a good plow

not safely and properly be found doing if death should surprise horse nor a plow horse to be a good you in the act."2 racer. So with these young men.

Classify them, and do not yoke them ] Plato. together unequally. Do not expect

2Richard Baxter (Eng. Divine, 16151691.) the same speed or pulling power

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the from each. Beyond all else, inColumbia Broadcasting System, July 23, 1961. Copyright 1961. spire and save them. Do not allow

734 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Talking road"that can save your life!

The visibility is almost zero and ahead is a sharp curve. The rumble strip is part of Standard's continuing

interest in traffic safety, which includes driver trainSuddenly, beneath your wheels, the road says: "Slow ing, seat belts in Company cars, educational films for

down!"Tt does this by sending sound and low vibraschools, and widespread distribution of safety tips.

tions through your automobile's frame. You get the

The tough plastic which makes the rumble strip message and cut your speed.

possible is one of a wide variety our scientists are

This road warning system—called a "rumble strip"creating to help manufacturers bring you new and

—has reduced accidents in test areas by nearly twobetter products.

thirds. It is made chiefly of a new plastic developed They include superstrong plastics for car bodies planning ahead

by Standard's scientists... one so rugged that it and building materials; plastic fibers to increase to serve you

will stand up to the pounding of the heaviest traffic. the durability of everything from clothing to tires. better

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

OCTOBER 1961 735 competition to become the chief inCensoring the Joseph Smith angel in the Rochester Advertiser centive to work. Encourage them all, Story account of the previous year, where

of course, to do their best, but let "the spirit of the Almighty"was the your competition from now on be (Continued from page 725) visitor? Obviously, the earlier report

with your own mission, your own has mixed up the story of Moroni past record, and not with any other A closer check is provided by an with the first vision. That was a

mission. Teach your missionaries article in the Rochester Advertiser common blunder, as we have seen,

that their competition must be with ir Telegraph for August 31, 1829: in later years as well.

themselves and not with the other "In the fall of 1827,"it says, "a A few weeks after the appearance missionaries, but inspire them with person by the name of Joseph Smith, of the Book of Mormon, Obediah ambition and enthusiasm. Encourof Manchester, Ontario county, reDogberry published a satire on

age them to be humble and prayerported that he had been visited in a Joseph Smith in the Palmyra Reful. Do not downgrade them with dream by the spirit of the Almighty flector; it is the Book of Pukei, and

unfavorable comparisons. Preserve and informed that in a certain hill we quote from Chap. ii. First the

their selfconfidence and selfrespect. in that town was deposited this Gold contents of the chapter are given:

Do not break their spirits. When Bible... as he states... after pene- "1. The idle and slothful reverence

great movements get the impetus of trating mother earth a short distance the prophet. 2. The prophet reveals

a prairie fire there is danger. I hope the bible was found... [it was] to them the first appearance of the

I have not spoken out of place. I nicely wrapped up and excluded Spirit. 3. The admonition and

am just sounding this word of from the Vulgar gaze of poor and promises. 4. Description of the

warning. wicked mortals.'"os spirit...."

In your enthusiasm to increase the Here we find the usual freedom Then beginning with verse 2:

flock, be careful you don't lose the of invention, including the flowery "And the Prophet answered and shepherds. The Lord spoke about editorial terms "mother earth"and said... lo! yesternight stood before

leaving the ninety and nine and go- "vulgar gaze of poor and wicked me in the wilderness of Manchester, ing out to save the one; I am thinkmortals"explicitly attributed to the spirit.... And he said unto me,

ing in reverse order. You are asking Joseph Smith himself two years beJoseph, the son of Joseph, hold up

the one to go out and get the ninety fore, though no sources are given. thine head... hold up thine face

and nine, but be sure you don't lose Again we see that the supernatural and let the light of mine countethe one. God bless you, my brethelement in the Book of Mormon story nance shine upon thee.... I am the

ren and sisters. God bless the misis full blown in 1827 or at least in spirit that walketh in darkness, and

sionaries. One of the most effective 1829—no need for Joseph Smith to will shew thee great signs and

techniques of your work is that wait until 1838 to invent it. The wonders. And I looked, and behold

which all of you are employing and piece is just as thoroughly mixed up a little old man stood before me, asking your missionaries to employ, as the others we have cited, and an clad, as I supposed, in Egyptian that of bearing testimony. I want to interesting note emerges in the conraiment, except his Indian blanket

tell you from the very center of my fusion: it is not an angel who visits and moccasins—his beard of silver

heart that I know that Joseph the the young Joseph Smith but "the white, hung far below his knees. On

Prophet talked with Jesus Christ. spirit of the Almighty,"and that not his head was an oldfashioned mili-

I know that this is the restored gosin any abstract or mystic sense, but tary half cocked hat... his speech

pel of Jesus Christ, that this Church as a conveyor of specific informawas sweeter than molasses, and his is led by revelation, and that the tion. If Joseph Smith was not talkwords were the reformed Egyptian.

man who stands at the head of the ing to angels in 1827, it would seem And again he said unto me, 'Joseph

Church today is a prophet of God. from this scrambled account that thou who has been surnamed the

I leave you that testimony and he was talking to someone much ignoramus, knowest thou not, that ask for your prayers for all of us higher up. Where could that rumor great signs and wonders are to be

that we remain humble and somehave started? done by thine hands?"71

how be efficacious and partly, at Just two weeks later (September The broad, heavy Yankee humor least, equal to the task assigned to 16, 1829) the Palmyra Reflector reis apparent enough, and it would be us. I leave you my blessing, a ported: "The Book of Mormon is hard to explain such expressions as

blessing of peace in your souls, expected to be ready for delivery "reformed Egyptian"as coming wisdom in your minds and hearts, in the course of one year. Great from any but an official source.

enthusiasm for the work. I bless and marvelous things will 'come to But what about the rest of the

you that you may go back inspired pass'about these days."69 Again the satire? Note the table of contents:

as never before to carry out the Book of Mormon is surrounded with "2. The Prophet reveals to them the

greatest work of all time. Revelaan aura of the supernatural even first appearance of the Spirit. 3. Adtions from God will continue to before its publication. Then eight montions and promises. 4. Descripcome, and the world will yet know, months later (May 15, 1830) the tion of the Spirit."The first

as they are beginning to know, that Rochester Gem announced: "The appearance of the Spirit is then

there is a force in the world that is translator if we take his word for it, depicted as taking place "in the capable of combating the satanic has been directed by an angel in wilderness of Manchester,"where and implacable foe called comthis business... [This] is in point the Spirit addresses Joseph by name,

munism or more properly called of blasphemy and imposition, the introduces himself, and promises antiChrist. I leave you that blessvery summit."70 So the stories of great things to come, including a

ing and that testimony humbly in the angel were not invented years work to be done by Smith himself.

the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. later, after all. But why wasn't it an (Continued on page 738)

736 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NEWS!

ANEWHAMMOND SPINET ORGAN,om/995*

(with exclusive Hammond features from more expensive Hammond models)

for organist in needn't settle percussion your church bring anyyour anyNow '- "s W?<

thing Organ. effect—bells or less than harp such as a Hammond Now—by just a

slight Spinet keys. Company Organ of touchyou on the change new can own a Hammond m Avenue $ Hammond4220 W. Diversey dollars of less than everfor hundreds appreciate will quickly organist (Your

before. Only $995. the 16 control tabs, 4 preset tabs, wide Chicago 39, Illinois

free folder send about this At you will new low price have swell pedal, twin speakers.)

the $995 new <>&> Hammond all features these exclusive Hammond can have Spinet. You this magnificent new % Please

formerly available only on the more exHammond Spinet in your church next I | Please send free booklet on pensive Hammond Organs: Sunday—for only $25 down. Free demorgan fund raising plans. <r:>

Harmonic Drawbars let your organonstration in your church: just call your

ist select and blend thousands of tones. Hammond dealer (in the Yellow Pages Name

Reverberation gives even the smallest under "Organs"). And send the coupon Churchy.

church the rich, threedimensional tone for two helpful booklets. %

of music played in a large cathedral. *Less Federal Excise Tax, F. O. B. Chicago; bench extra. Address..

City totally eliminates PitchPermanent Prices subject to change without notice.

Zone County State ntuning expense. This new Hammond

1196!, HAMMOND ORGAN COMPANY IEI06ISpinet can never go out of tune. HAMMOND ORGAN i

TouchResponse Percussion lets... music's most glorious voice %-. jgP'SpSIG $% W

OCTOBER 1961 737 (Continued from page 736) have quoted only a few lines) is 1830) added to the confusion with

In the burlesque description of "the only effective if the reader recogyet another tale:

Spirit,"special mention is made of nizes each point as a takeoff on "... friends and advocates of this

the light of his countenance and the Joseph Smith, who is represented wonderful book state that Mr. Oliver

extreme whiteness of his beard. as having told his followers, "the Cowdery has his commission directly

With the coming of this light, Smith idle and slothful"—and no one else! from the God of Heaven, and that

is told, "hold up thine head,"as if—of that "first appearance of the he has his credentials, written and

before he had been cast down. Spirit"which took place "in the signed by the hand of Jesus Christ,

Now is Mr. Dogberry simply makwilderness of Manchester."with whom he has personally coning all this up or is he satirizing? Just a week after the Painesville versed, and as such, said Cowdery

The humor of his heavyhanded disTelegraph had deplored "the thouclaims that he and his associates are course is anything but intrinsic; sand tales which are in circulation the only persons on earth who are

his long, laborious spoofing of the respecting the book and its propaqualified to administer in his

Book of Mormon (from which we gators,"that journal (December 7, name. 7 -

The source of this story is not given; we are not even told whether

the "friends and advocates"in question were Mormons or merely report or the whether or thirdhand second, Reaction Time sympathizers,came at first, from personal friends of Cowdery.

RICHARD L. EVANS It is simply another of those "thousands of tales"going around in 1830;

Last week we closed with a quotation which we but the elements of the story are fanow again recall: "Spend your time in nothing miliar—a personal faceto-face conTHE SPOKEN which you know must be repented of; in nothing versation with Jesus Christ, as a

WORD on which you might not pray for the blessing of result of which it can be confidently

God; in nothing which you could not review with announced that there was no

not safely a quiet conscience... in nothing might and which you authorized church on the earth at

if in surprise death should the act."properly be found doing you 1 that time.

Many, if not most of people's problems come with misuse of timeAnother version of the story puts not only time in continuing quantity, but the decisions or reactions Sidney Rigdon in the leading role.

of a single second. Studies of the reaction time of people indicate One Alexander Majors claimed to

how vitally important can be a fraction of a second. In the oftrecall that "an elder bv the name of

portrayed use of side arms, for example, the difference between Rigdon preached in the courthouse those who live and those who die is frequently a fraction of a one Sunday in 1832, in which he second. And the same no doubt could be said for the days when said he had been to the third heaven,

swords and spears were the common weapons—and certainly the and had talked face to face with God

same can be said for these days of highway hazards, where, at Almighty. The preachers in the comsixty miles an hour, a car travels eightyeight feet in a single munity the next day went en masse

second. And so the difference between life and death, good and to call upon him. He repeated what

evil, safety and sorrow, between a quiet or unquiet conscience, he had said the day before...,"73

between what can and what cannot be recalled, is often only an Yet according to the same Majors, instant. This is true of utterance as well as action. A second's Joseph Smith's story anticipated

thought before we say something would leave many things blessedly Rigdon's by a good two years, for in unsaid; a second's thought before we do something would leave 1830 "five Mormon elders made their

many unwise things blessedly undone. The illadvised action or appearance in the county... said

utterance, without first thinking through, can lead to incalculable that they had the priesthood 'that consequences. There is no problem in filling time. There are had been organized by Joseph

interests opportunities urges and and invitations and and demands an angel and had met Smith, who

It is directions. different of in ten thousand a question...'using time received a revelation from God.

for what we should—for what is immediately necessary, and for In that day and age it was regarded

is of of striking value a balance everlastingly—and between what to for as anyone blasphemous

".. itself as significant sentence; This not a the two. suggests. do re-. angels claim they that and met..

life is of for time] [or worth, or nor that no which spend money revelations, ceived them from new 2 for think, satisfy."to time that labor your cannot which need We religious of the portion the and

to explore, to reach for the real essentials, to pursue a sincere and community, especially, was very honest search, ever seeking to come closer to the answers that much incensed and aroused at the evade us, and to an understanding of eternal truth. And the audacity of any person claiming

thoughtful use of time, with honest intent, gives peace to the soul such interviews from the invisible and a deep and satisfying assurance. world."74 From this it would appear that at an early date people

Baxter 'Richard (Eng. Divine, 16151691.) were much angered and excited by

9:51. Nephi 22

Joseph Smith's claims to heavenly "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the visitations; note that a distinction is

Columbia Broadcasting System, July 30, 1961. Copyright 1961. made between the angel's visit and

738 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Enjoy the extra pleasure and convenience of

Colorful autumn is a delightful time of the year to travel.

The peak summer vacation crowds have come and gone. The

pace is unhurried. Accommodations are more readily available on trains, in hotels, restaurants and the thousandand-

one entertainment attractions throughout this great land of ours. In fact, many resort areas offer reduced "offseason"rates.

Wherever you go—east or west—you'll appreciate how

truly rewarding travel can be when you relax to your heart's content aboard one of the popular Union Pacific Domeliners or Streamliners.

For information or reservations, see your nearby Union Pacific Railroad ticket agent. He's there to serve you!

UNION PACIFIC w Serving the expanding West for nearly a Century

OCTOBER 1961 739 "a revelation (i.e., a particular reveIt was wonderfully reassuring to

lation) from God."Dynamic find that we could catch our lives

Since Oliver Cowdery and Sidney together after all those years, and

Rigdon were understandably conto realize that dynamic friendship fused with Joseph Smith in the Friendship goes on unendingly, "no matter stories that were going around, it is what."

not surprising that Martin Harris BY RUTH C. IKERMAN Neither of us had meant for the

the distinction.had insame The to visits. years hurry past without

It years since twentyfive had beendefatigable E. to able D. was Howe the living of process earning a But

I close the friend seen had my of affidavitget an testifying from one family duties and such had made college days. she Yet walked whenthat Martin Harris "frequently deimpossible. were we Now in the reunion day, our door on we journeysclares that he has with conversed the of making afternoon most an started as talking though had we Christ,Jesus Angels the and Devil together.

and at one the time of seen each other that very morning. presence other among We remembered,the so... Lord great that was a screen things, a favorite course in English

was hung up between him the and literature, that and how it was there 7 'Prophet."could not ask One the had read of advice famous for we

a more obvious juggling of hearsay Samuel Johnson. He urged people

reports. We are told that the man to keep their friendship "in constant

claimed actually to have conversed repair."Yet we had not managed

with the Lord, and yet in his most many letters in all these years.

wonderful experience he did not see there is a deeper "Maybe wisdom

Christ at all, but merely "the sensed than Samuel said knew,"Johnson mypresence of the Lord,"from which reflectively. friend "If it's really

he was shielded by a screen—only friendship, it will not collapse with

the screen was not between him and such neglect. Repair must be the

the Lord at all, but "between him wrong word."\

the Prophet."and That would make

is in matters friendship the What SmithJoseph the one who was building of attitude of an underreally in "the presence of the Lord,"standing, the recogniand mutual is not It Harris.and quite plain tion is that true all understandingthat is somebody confusing the story that matters. if getting toThen

firstof the vision with the wellif difficult, gether proves sicknessknown active accounts of the translating keeps participation, fromof the plates.

there is underlying strength in the (To be concluded) knowledge that a friend does understand.

FOOTNOTES When circumstances change for is the better, opportunity and there in ""Quoted Francis Kirkham, W. A New living, for normal more time has noWitness in Christ for America, Vol. II

(Independence, Missouri; Zion's Printing to be wasted in apology or explanaand Publishing Co.), p. 43. tions. But all the precious moments

"H. Nibley, The Myth Makers (S.L.C.: of companionship can be spent in

Bookcraft, 1961). enjoyment.

E*Brodie, op. cit., p. 17.

:"Tbid., p. 20. On the cultivating of an attitude

"E.m Ihid.,D. Howe,p. 751. op. cit., p. 187. ofof understanding,true friendship theis based.developmentAnd

"Ibid., p. 77. this attitude is available to all

78. "Tbid., p.

"Ibid.., 233. wherever they happen to live, what- p.

"'It is Ingersoll who tells that Jos. Smith, ever their routine duties.

Sr., insisted that "the large stones on the By practising this attitude of untop of the.. are, ground in fact, most earthly derstanding with friends we

of chests of them raised. money the by to of a greater appreciation come ofheat ibid., sun,"the and p. 233, then

it was that Jesus what meant whenlabors mightily to persuade Ingersoll to join him in digging for money! Ibid., p. he said, "Behold I have called you

234. friends."Relying on his under-

""Tucker, cit., op. Italics 28. p. ours. standing, are able to undertake we

"''Ibid., 29. p.

this life, in friends our more for cit., II, ""Cit. Kirkham, op. 32.

wIbid., pp. 29f. rejoicing in his eternal friendship.

mIbid., p. 46. And the power of friendship in

"'Tbid., pp. 5253. building a better world cannot be

45. TTbid., p. overestimated. For it warms the 78Alex. Majors, Seventy Years on the

Frontier (1893), p. 44. heart when encountered dailv or

'Tbid., p. 43f. after a lapse of many years if it has

75E. D. Howe, op. cit., p. 14. the qualities of dynamic friendship.

740 THE IMPROVEMENT EttA New Yorkers were AMAZED By a Frank Newspaper Series That Discussed

VITAMIN PRICE COMPARISONS Now You Too Can Learn How To SAVE...

STOP PAYING HIGH PRICES FOR

s*:: i: I wm:mmsVITA A recent public service study of Patent Vitamin Catalog. This interest prompted

Medicines in one of New York's leadingus to tell the entire nation our story.

evening newspapers, devoted one entire installment to VITAMINS and disclosed Hudson Vitamin Products has been many interesting highlights about the serving doctors and nurses for over 25 sale of Vitamins and VitaminMineral years and now you, too, can purchase combinations. your Vitamins direct from Hudson at

savings up to 50% and more. Page after

One of the startling revelations in this page in the Free Hudson Catalog shows frank article was the wide variance of tremendous dollar savings on Vitamins,

Vitamin prices. VitaminMineral combinations and Food

The following three paragraphs taken Supplements.

it are appeared, as from the series, of Here is one example from the Hudson to family buyconcern every particular ing Vitamins. Vitamin Catalog: A very popular multiple vitamin that is taken once-a-day,

"Any particular vitamin bottled under regularly sells for about $3.10 per 100

one label is, for all practical and thera-... the Hudson formula sells for only

peutic purposes, the same as if it is $1.50 per 100.

bottled under another label. The fact is,

most of the Vitamin concentrates conHere is another—a wellknown high

sumed in America are produced by only potency B complex formula with Vita- a few companies. min C and minerals (similar to a brand

nationally advertised at $4.40 per 100)

ingredients "The list in a Vitamin of only $2.10 100 per DIRECT the from

is one thing the consumer compound can Catalog. Vitamin.Hudson..

almost always depend on to be correct.

Any company which fails to label the These are only two examples that you bottle with the exact formula and amount will find in our 48 page catalog that is (or unit strength) of each ingredient simple, easy to read and has been a risks a seizure by the U. S. Government. Vitamin buying guide for millions from

"Bearing that in mind, it is interestcoast-tocoast.

to a ing catalogs pick up Vitamin few it for the Catalog to Write and show the prices and compare charged if doctor like—but, all means, by difyour you by ferent companies for the same Vitamin for yourself discover has Hudson why compounds."a direct become source moneySaving

Following publication of the installfor vitamins throughout the nation. All

ment we received hundreds of telephone Hudson vitamin products are sold with calls requesting copies of the Hudson a money back guarantee.

VITAMIN (HV?) PRODUCTS

89 Seventh Avenue, Dept. M-937, New York 11, New York

MAIL THIS COUPON TODAY!

'HUDSON VITAMIN PRODUCTS, Inc.

Hudson Vitamins J 89 Seventh Avenue, Dept. M-937, New York 11, N. Y.

have been awarded both the i i Please mail me your Free Hudson Vitamin Catalog. PARENTS'MAGAZINE i

COMMENDATION SEAL NAME and Mc call's USETESTED SEAL ADDRESS,

CITY -ZONESTATE World's Leading Directby-Mail Vitamin Company. J

OCTOBER 1961 741

Church Moves On Greeley Group, a branch dependent elders, residing at Nome, where they upon the Eielsen Branch, comprise were engaged in mining operations, ( Continued from page 696 the stake. Alaska Stake was created invited their friends to meet tounder the direction of Elder Mark gether from time to time to have the

Lloyd V. Owen. Three wards will E. Petersen of the Council of the gospel preached to them. Edward

be at Anchorage, two wards at FairTwelve and Elder Franklin D. Bich- G. Cannon, one of these elders,

banks, one ward at Palmer, Eielsen ards, Assistant to the Twelve. As maintained a chapel on wheels for

Branch, Chugiak Branch, and the Ft. early as 1907, says one source, two this purpose. Brother Cannon died

in 1911.

Elder John J. Nielsen, first counselor to President Verl F. Scott of

Canyon Bim (Salt Lake area) Stake, succeeded him as stake president.

President Nielsen's counselors are a Elderas a counselorStanley G. toSmith,Presidentwho servedScott, "Read the best books first and Elder Ervin M. Skousen.

RICHARD L. EVANS Elder Erwin E. Wirkus, first counselor to President Charles P. Brizzee

of the Falls (Idaho) East Idaho In all the of time, uses in recent have of which we Stake, presistake succeeds him as talking, surely been weeks should taken some be

THE for reading—for acquaintance with great thoughts, dent. Sustained as counselors were

Elder Biley SPOKEN D. Westergard, who is great minds, read great men. What we WORD of inserved Brizzee, with President and calculable of are variable consequence—for books

quality and character—some true, some false, some virtuous, some Elder F. Carl Day.

salacious, some uplifting, some degrading. Indeed, books are Elder Farrell A. Munns, first counlikely to be like the men who make books, and we would scarcely selor to President W. Leonard

recommend exposing ourselves or our children to every man's Duggar of the Orlando (Florida) mind. And always we should be discriminating in choosing what Stake, succeeds him as stake presito read—even as we would in choosing what to eat—lest the subdent. Counselors are Elder David

stance be unfit for food. "... you require judgment in the selectors H. Hawkins and Elder Freeman E.

of books"; said Carlyle, "real insight into what is for the advantage Baggert. Elder Walter E. Hawkins,

all served as in souls, second counselor the who exclusion of kinds of claptrap books which of human.. "the retiring stake presidency, excite foolish of the talk astonishment people. merely was l "We

of food for the mind, as of food for the body"; wrote John Buskin, named to the high council.

"now a good book contains such food inexhaustible,... [But] no

book is worth anything which is not worth much;..."2 "Books are

of things, said the used,"[they are! best well "abused, Emerson, (Arizona) Eighth Mesa Ward

worst."3 the must be among careful what we read,""We the senior allChurch said ji won

sailors not, like of Ulysses, the of take "and bags John Lubbock, Softball tournament deby."4

.. treasures, for sacks of of wind "The very books abundance feating Fifth Monument Park West

in terrifying stupefying our days—a abundance,"and wrote James

Bryce, "has important choose. it more made to know how to... Wardnohit, ofnorun,Salt Lakenowalk,City, 4-0,noerrorin a

first is I to this: piece will give of advice venture The you Bead the pitching behind of game George

... only the books. thirdbest not Let hour... an wasted on be Stapley, in the series at weeklong 5

if stuff firstrate rate or stuff secondrate had."can be It comes in Softball Morris George Park Q.

down essentially to this—that besides being a depository of the Salt Lake City. In the allChurch

knowledge, discovery, and experience of the world, books are also junior tournament Chandler (Ari- a reflection of men's minds: They reflect the false as well as the zona) Second Ward defeated Queen

true; the trivial as well as the profound; the degrading as well as Creek (Arizona) Ward, 9-2. These

the uplifting. And merely because something is put into print championship games, scheduled Fridoesn't mean that it is worth reading, or that it can be believed. day, were played Saturday because

And as surely as men shall be held accountable for their acts and of rain Friday evening. Saturday

utterances, they shall just so surely be accountable for what they the outstanding player award in the put into print. And so reading should always be selective—and senior division was given to Denny

first,"of the "out best books.""the best books "Bead of Fifth; said Thoreau, Green in the Beach Long

"or all."7 not to at you read have a chance them may juniors, this to was given award Don

McCall of Studio City. George

Carlyle, 'Thomas In?ugura] Address. Stapley of as cited Eighth was Mesa

Lilies. Ruskin, Sesame 2John and the in the valuable most player Scholar. The American "Emerson,4 at Address Lubbock, Sir John the London Working Men's College, 1887. seniors; in juniors, the of Lines Kay Bryce, to the Students College, Address BJames of Rutgers 1911.

88:118. D&C Second. Chandler won Perry Ward

D. 7H. senior Thoreau, A Week on the Concord and Merrimack River, 1849. the trophy; sportsmanship

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the South Jordan Ward won the junior

Columbia Broadcasting System, August 6, 1961. Copyright 1961. sportsmanship trophy.

742 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA RIDE A WINNER!

A surge of power. A thrilling lift. You're over

the top bar easily... with power to spare. It's the

power in reserve that provides smooth, effortless, championship performance.

Experience this same thrill... of extra power..,

in the car you drive. Drive with SixtySix

Gasoline. Phillips packs every gallon with high

octane energy. Yet SixtySix is regular priced.

Try a tankful in your car and enjoy the thrill of championship performance. Have more

fun going... go Phillips 66.

PHILLIPS PETROLEUM COMPANY, Bartlesville, Oklahoma

OCTOBER 1981 743

First Missionary to Britain lins hoped to recapture his reputaof Liverpool.

tion for having the fastest ships in They probably took the noon ( Continued from page 721 the New YorkLiverpool run. Earlier coach from the Crown Inn on Dale

that year, in February, Collins had Street, 11 for they arrived in Preston "Capt. Palmer [master of the lost the first Atlantic Ocean match about 4:00 in the afternoon, SaturGarrick] big, burly, and commandof record. His Sheridan, on its day July 22. Their first lodgings

ing, came to the starboardside of the maiden voyage, was beaten by two were on Wilfred street. The next

quarterdeck and with trumpet in days by the Black Ball's Columbus. day, Sunday, the Reverend James

hand gave orders, distinctly heard, For this second match with the Fielding, a brother to Joseph Fieldbut never boisterous, under which Black Ball Line Collins had entered ing, invited the elders to preach in the great topsails were spread by his new and supposedly faster his church, Vauxhall Chapel. The

sheets and the halyards flat aback Garrick. Heber C. Kimball, who first speaker was Heber C. Kimball

to the breeze, the jibs were hoisted like the Prophet Joseph, was interwho declared "... that an angel had

and the spanker loosened.... Then ested in honest sporting competition, visited the earth, and committed the

the spanker was hauled aft, all the recounts the end of the race thus: everlasting Gospel to man; called

lighter sail and the couises were "At daybreak on July 20, we artheir attention to the first princiswiftly spread, the staysails were rived in the river Mersey, opposite ples of the Gospel; and gave them a

run up between the masts and the Liverpool, being eighteen days and brief history of the nature of the ship fled rippling down the bay."6 eighteen hours from our departure work which the Lord had comThe voyage to England took nearmenced on the earth;..,"12 Thus

ly three weeks, during which time was the restored gospel introduced the elders made themselves as comto England. The missionaries were

fortable helpful as possible. successful. and as eight Within months WITHOUT APPLAUSE very child in out a small few days over they 2,000 had baptized mem-A

steerage became seriously ill. Heber bers and organized several confer-

C. Kimball administered to it, and BY HELEN VIRDEN ences (districts).

the child recovered. Sunsoon in After a nearly year On England

slowly, breaks with little sound; Day perday, they requested 16, Russell Elders Kimball, July Hyde, and

calls that Only a crow to of the captainmission hold Fielding returned (Elders home. Across field a of corn,services. granted, request the Richards The to carry stayed was on and

its to yesterpickers Bent knees by aftservices held the wereand on work. and Snyder Goodson had day.

quarterdeck. Elder returned Hyde gave home.) More puts on its show to empty previously a Dawn It is resurrection.sermon on the accident the missionby design than seatsto three that ariesrecorded two hundred again secured on the passage overture No attended. servicespassengers Garrick The which was still commanded Only the crow... and I applaud this success, a for the Palmer. April 20, been Captainmust have by On spectacular.

congregation appointed a committee 1838 they weighed anchor. The

to thank the elders. return trip was much like the first,

Throughout the trip the missionexcept for a severe storm which aries were treated kindly by the came up shortly after they sailed, captain and the crew. Collins was from the anchorage at New York. "A great storm came on, with a

very careful in the selecting of his The packet ship South America, head wind, which continued without crews, especially the captains, and which left New York at the same cessation for several days, and did the captain who treated the missiontime we did, came in a few lengths considerable damage to the vessel;

aries so kindly was undoubtedly behind, thus losing a wager of tenthe bowsprit was broken twice, by

Nathanial Brown Palmer, "possibly thousand dollars which had been the force of the wind, with only the sail likewise set; the starting. came of boom She had jib

ner,"force, great with near where the down voyage, duringNew 7 York'sa "finemosttype outstandingof Americanmarisea- beenmade seenthe daydaily man of exemplary character."8 but never passed us. The sight was the captain was standing, but he

Captain Palmer (18181877) went to very interesting to see these two fortunately escaped; several other

sea at fourteen and became a sailing vessels enter port with every inch parts of the rigging were much torn master when he was only nineteen. of canvas spread."9 and injured. During the continuance

From 1835 to 1839 the was master Eighteen days, eighteen hours was of the storm, Brothers Hyde and for the "Dramatic Line"and in com- a remarkably short run. The average Russell were very sick. After this

mand of the Garrick. time from New York to Liverpool we had more favorable weather!"13

There was some excitement during was thirtyeight days. Even the Another race was run. This time

the voyage. Off the banks of Newaverage for Collins'fast ships was with the Black Ball's England.

foundland they saw some whales thirtyone days. "There was a wager made at Liverand porpoises. About one thousand The missionaries stavedJ for a few pool whether the New England

miles out they were hailed for didays in Liverpool, lodging with a [England] or the Garrick would rections by a large vessel which had widow on Union Street. Their time arrive in port first. When we passed

become lost. There was also the was "spent in council, and in calling Sandy Hook [May 12] the New

daily excitement of the race between on the Lord for direction."10 The England was four or five miles ahead

the Garrick and the South America, Spirit of the Lord directed them to o us; some o our officers remarked

a speedy packet of the competitive Preston, a large manufacturing town she would go in before us, but I

Black Ball Line. By this race Colin Lancashire, thirtyone miles north told them she would not, as I had

744 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA iTAt ff 'i PI

,v..

New! m

..'-'It- $> V"''"'<&* -- "":; -5;>'..*": SV 1f"$ 11:1

..:,,-,::..'Vft*,,..,-:-..- t:-.-...-:iSij '-. I

: -,. '''.. '!'ii irV OPSTE COMPACT UNIT

5 S S *iH'*&fci '?i i

J,;:..;, si*, -.

NEW Baldwin Model 46C

Richer tonal resources, greater musical range and important new playing features never before available in a compact organ are yours with the new Baldwin Organs, Section 74

Baldwin Model 46C Church Organ. Completely selfcontained console. 180T Gilbert Avenue, Cincinnati 2, Ohio

Threechannel, seventywatt amplification system. Full 61note manuals, Please send me full information about the new

25 pedals. Dramatic chorus effect controlled from tone color panel. Three Baldwin 46C Church Organ

ensemble presets. Optional percussion ensemble. Wherever a custombuilt Name——

organ installation is impractical, the exclusive features—and moderate Name of Church—ideal. the Baldwincost—of 46C make it

Address Send now for comp/e/e specifications City- -Zone- -Stateand full color illustrations of the Baldwin PIANOS ORGANS Clip coupon and mail to address above new Baldwin 46C Church Organ

OCTOBER 1961 745 said at Liverpool we would go in The Rivers of Babylon interesting city, but he had to refirst. At this time neither of the fuse. Obligations up river would

ships was sailing more than three (Continued from page 727) not allow him to. He suggested,

knots an hour, when suddenly the however, that those of us who winds left the sails of the New EngIt proved to be a serious matter, wished might be put ashore. There

land, and a fair wind struck our indeed. The two "gentlemen"I had were good accommodations for

sails, and we ran in one hour ahead seen on deck had gotten into a distravelers at an inn called the Manof her."14 pute over a card game, and the one sion House.

On that same day, a Sunday, they with the ruby ring had shot the "Oh, do let's go,"said Dolly, visited the small branch of the other. The police carried off the clapping her hands. "It would be

Church which had grown up during wounded man, while his assailant such fun."

their absence under the leadership walked away free. "We are just across the river from

of Parley P. and Orson Pratt. Anx- A man standing next to me shook Iowa,"said Jeremy. "We could

ious to be home again, they left the his head. "Cheatin'at cards just cross over tomorrow and see about

following day for Kirtland, arriving ain't safe,"he said. buying a farm."

May 22. And I thought, "Dear heaven! So with several other travelers

What sort of place have we come we walked up Water Street until

FOOTNOTES to?"we came to the Mansion House.

Joseph Smith, History of the Church The next day we began our jourWe were surprised and pleased at of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints (2nd ney up the mighty Mississippi. At its neat and respectable appearance,

Saltedition, Revised, Lake City, 1948), of so because more the memory we river of year the that time was very

II, p. 487. food wretched and poor had of rafts, logs, high. and Sometimes op. cit., 2 Smith, p. 489.

3Orson F. Whitney, Life of Heher C. even houses came floating toward lodgings over most of our journey.

Kimball (2nd edition, Salt Lake City, us, and we would pass large trees All of our company were so pleased 1945), p. 111. standing deep in the water. Occawith the good accommodations that

4Idem. further information about the sionally we would see farms with they apparently did not notice what For

Garrick and early shipping days in New the river up around the foundations to me was somewhat strange. The

York see: Richard E. McKay, South Street, of the buildings, and the animals proprietress, a Mrs. Smith, seemed

A Maritime History of New York, New looking very miserable standing surprised when we asked for lodgCutler,York, Carl C. Greyhounds 1934;

York, Robert G. kneedeep in it. ing. She was a handsome widow 1930;of the Sea, New

Albion, The Rise of New York Port, St. Louis was the only large city with large, dark, tragic eyes, who

New York, 1939; R. G. Albion, Square we passed. All else seemed to be seemed to share the inn with no

Riggers York, Schedule, on 1937; New children her her motherone but and I to desolation. and began swamp History Morrison, YorkTohn H. of New well, inlaw. treated us but She I grow worried, and wondered Yards,Ship Arthur 1909; H. New York,

eyes, with venturing downcast right to sellClark, whether York, Era, Clipper Ship had done The we New 1910; J. Disturnell, New York as It Is in our New England farm in order to scarcely a word.

York, Armstrong,18S7, 1837; Warren New at that there dinner found We But Dolly come west. and Jeremy Story, Collins London, 1957.The guest, a one handsome more for was convinced that chances Garrick, 17171779, a famous were 5David

English actor, Quintus Roscius, greatest farming were good in Iowa, and man who wore the uniform of a of Roman comic actors, Thomas Sheridan, since they considered me a tower of militia officer. He was introduced

actor, English Siddons, Sarah17191788, as of the to us Warren. Major One strength, nothing.

actress. tragic English famous17551831, flirting of with our company, Captain day, Jolly ladies On the I fourthsaid typical Collins advertisement reads A

table, said, across the "Major him that a surprise allas he had ships are of follows: the announced "These

first class, recently built in the City of for us, if we would watch directly Warren, perhaps you will be so good materials, best of the York, no andNew to as the sights show us of Nauvoo line ahead. shore continued The

to the props, render sparedexpense by tomorrow."the same, and much begun we had in of respect every general worthythem

regret, "I Ma'am,""but I he said, to think us, teasing he merely was Theirsupport. are cabins unusually

spacious and furnished with every attenwhen, suddenly, the river swept to am making preparations to leave of thetion to passengers the comfort and I and to do the advise you the west there Nauvoo, in a wide curve, and ability.. ofare by commanded men all possible speed."same with He surprise: the captain's.."was a beautiAdvitizerGore's (Liverpool) General July

27, 1837. ful city stretching for a mile or more arose from the table and bowed.

"John R. Soears, Cant. N. B. Palmer back from the shore, to a hill where "I mean it kindly, Ma'am, but earnYork, 159160. left. 1922), pp.(New that with he And stood to large estly."a what appeared be

Rise 7Albion, York Port, The of New set the to next out morning it. We with a tall spire church atop 202. p.18151860,

city. see the along, As walked we all hurrionto cit., the crowded RClark, to 77. op. In addition p. We

this and other references cited above see, cane deck to get a better look, and we noticed a great number of people

CyclopaediaThe National of American leaving after town. wagon, Wagon that told us Captain Jolly this was

Vol.Biogravhu, Journal and XXV, piled high goods, with us passed finest the largest city of the Nauvoo, and Institute,Franklin (January, 1904), CLVII

pp. 8188. on the upper Mississippi. He going down Water Street toward the

9Whitney, op. cit., p. 118. couldn't have acted prouder, pointriver. Jeremy ventured the thought w Ibid., 121. p. that since the fever season, it was it out, ing T. Mr. P. been had he

Liverpool A. H. Aikle, "Early "See perhaps leaving until they the were himself. It built had been Barnum Historical TransactionsCoaching,"of the

Societu of Lancashire and Cheshire, upon a swamp, he said, by a curious hot weather was past.

LXXIII (1921), pp. 2931. sect called "Mormons.""But why,"I asked, "would they

12Whitney, op. cit., p. 125. We begged the captain to stop take so much?"Ihid., 199200. pp.

Ihid., p. 201. and let us look more closely at this (Continued on page 748)

746 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA is over When the '"harvest"And "chill winter winds"begin

PERMAPAK PROVIDES SECURITY STORAGE FOOD & SUPPLIES SURVIVAL ITEMS CAMPING FOODS (Sealed in cans or jars for BiSupply KariKit (6-day MEAT (beef, chicken, jerky, longtime storage) food and water) shrimp, meat bar, beef steaks,

Beans (navy, chili, pinto, etc.) Blanket (partwool 62"x 84") pork chops, etc.) MIXES CAKE BREAD AND instant)Bouillon (cubes and can lasts (each Heat Canned mix, cake (bread andBread Mixers min.) 30 to 45 bread, corn mix, pancake (oat, corn meal)Cereal wheat,

etc.) bread, ginger bran, date oz. (2410% Water Canned (powdered)Cheese

Eggs (whole solids) cans per case) BEVERAGES (punch mixes, milk, malted shakes, milk milk, (whiteFlour whole and Bars (Tropical) wheat) Chocolate crystals, tomato pream, postum,Fruits, (lowmoisture) types many etc.) mix, cocoa crystals, ration of foodorange Chow Belt (3-day CrystalsFruit Powders and

Gelatin (pure & dessert) fastens around waist) SOUPS (potato, pea, chicken,

Honey (9 lb. & 60 lb.) Energy Tablets (malt) beef, beef noodle, chicken noodle,

etc.) rice, chicken (elbow)Macaroni Survival Food Family stew, (camp DISHES Kit MAIN (hydrogenated)Margarine for six) supply (3-day chili, dinner, chickenriceMilk (nonfat and whole dry)

MultiPurpose Food (MPF) First Aid Kits (Johnson & Johnson, potatoes and gravy, scrambled

MultipleVitamin Tablets travel & auto) eggs, macaroni and cheese,

Peanut Butter (hydrogenated) Halazone Tablets (for water cereal, etc.)

Rice (white and brown) purification) FRUITS AND DESSERTS

Vegetables, many types (apple sauce, fruit galaxy, (lowmoisture) KariKit (8-day survival kit for grapes, peaches, prunes, banana

Vitamin C (ascorbic acid) air, water, or land) crystals, puddings, apple splenWheat (whole kernel) Life Pack (3-day supply of dor, etc.)

Wheat for Man (recipe book) food and water) MISCELLANEOUS

Wheat Grinders (large and small) TriSupply Emergency Chest (gravy, Yukon biscuits, syrup mix,

Yeast (4 oz. & 2 lb.) (foodwater-medical supplies) margarine, etc.)

DOZENS OF OTHER ITEMS - WRITE FOR FREE CATALOG PRICE LIST

FEATURE FOR OCTOBER UNIT #10 $7.60

ANOTHER NEW PERMAPAK KIT 1 24oz. geSatin dessert

6-DAY BISUPPLY 11 gal.gal. cerealbeans (wheat(pinto oror navy)*oats)*

1 gal. vegetable soup blend

1 gal. No. 10 diced potatoes KAR! - KIT

Specify kind FOOD AND WATER Shipp'ng weight, 25 lbs.

Too heavy for parcel post $6.95 Prices f.o.b. SaEt Lake

F.O.B., Salt Lake City

humous 3106 South Main Salt Lake City, Utah Phone IN 7-9479PERMAPAK Storage Food & Supplies—Survival Items—Camping Foods

DEALERSHIPS AVAILABLE IN SOME AREAS - WRITE FOR DETAILS

OCTOBER 1961 747 Ill'

Put your Many of the houses we passed were of fine brick or stone construction, and there were stone walks WAITING bordering the streets. The vacant

lots, too, were not allowed to run to weeds but contained vegetable MONEY gardens and fruit trees.

to work at We presently came to a very

Western handsomestanding empty,red brickits housewindowsthatshutwas

Savings spilledtered andriotouslybarred. overA ramblingthe fence.rose

"Oh, let's look around,"said Dolly.

"I shouldn't think the owners would mind."So we walked around the brick path, admiring the fine proportions of the house. As we approached the

gate again, a man hastened toward us and tipped his beaver hat.

"I am Mr. Spreckles, a property

agent. Are you interested in buying

this house? I can sell it to you very

How much is your money worth? When it's waiting, it's cheaply!""We are on our way to Iowa to

worthless. But when you put it to work in an purchase a farm,"replied Jeremy.

account at Western Savings in Salt Lake City, it's "My dear Sir, there is good land increasing in value every day. Here's how your money already planted to crops, right outworks for you at Western: side of Nauvoo; and here in the

city are the most elegant domiciles

Your money earns 4%, compounded semiannually. Your west of New York. But they are

money deposited by the 10th of the month earns from going fast. I would advise you to

the 1st. Your money is insured to $10,000 by the Federal act quickly."

Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation. As Jeremy shook his head and

started to walk away, Dolly caught

Mail this coupon today: his arm imploringly. "Oh, please,

Jeremy, do let us ask him how WESTERN SAVINGS much it is."

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Mr. Spreckles rubbed his plump

Enclosed is my check money order hands together. "Well, folks, you

for $ Please open a savings will find it hard to believe, but account in the name of: this stylish abode can be purchased

Name for just twelve hundred."

Dolly gasped with surprise and pleasure and said, "Can we not look (if a joint account put second name here) inside?"Address WESTERN SAVINGS Mr. Spreckles hastened to unlock LOAN AND COMPANY into a stepped and we First Citv State Office: East South Main 45 =

Dr. Office: Highland Cottonwood 4989 that, for of a coating except

City, Salt Lake Utah =5= thehomedoor, dust, might have been dwelt in the days before.

"It's the most beautiful house

I've ever seen,"Dolly cried.

"Yes, it is,"agreed Jeremy, "but

I'm looking for a farm."

"Why, Sir,"exclaimed Mr. Spreckles, "let me take you for a ride

into the country and show you the fruit and grain just waiting to be gathered. My horse and buggy are

down by my office on Exchange Street."We drove with Mr. Spreckles

out along a country road neatly fenced. Grain stood heavy and golden

in the fields, and the trees were

748 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Step out front with the DISTANCE brand.

brand.. the POWER

CONOCO

the Hottest Brand Going!

Hottest line of products... backed by hottest advertising!

Conoco offers you products with benefits your Conoco really believes in advertising. Now customcustomers want! Conoco Premium Gasoline has ers will see big, colorful Conoco ads in LIFE, Look,

TCP* plus...to give cars up to 17 more miles per Saturday Evening Post, and newspapers throughout

tankful, up to 15% more power! Conoco allseason Conocoland. They'll see and hear Conoco adverSuper Motor Oil is fortified with an exclusive distising on Television and Radio...telling them why

covery that oilplates engines, protects them 24 hours Conoco is the distance brand...the power brand..

a day. Good reasons to switch to Conoco! the hottest brand going!

*TM and pat owned by Shell Oil Co.

OCTOBER 1961 749 A TOTAL ELECTRIC bowed with fruit. peace between the Mormons and

"I can sell you that orchard over the other settlers. That explained

there,"said our agent waving his the presence of Major Warren.

hand, "and the wheat and barley We saw him leave town later that fields with it, for five hundred dolweek, marching down Mulholland lars."Street with his troops and out along

I could see that temptation was the road toward Carthage. He had

struggling with Jeremy's Yankee resigned his post, feeling the posishrewdness. "It does look like good tion an impossible one.

land,"he said. Jeremy returned from Cairo,

We looked at the house again, bringing us reports of much agiand this time inspected it from tation up and down the state concellar to garret. There seemed to be cerning the Mormons. "I really

nothing wrong with it. It had been

carefully and lovingly built.

All the way back to the Mansion FIRST DAY OF SCHOOL House, Dolly used every persuasion she knew. No one could ever resist BY LILITH LORRAINE

Dolly, least of all Jeremy. The next

day we walked down to Exchange How great a boon has been conStreet and affixed our names to the ferred on me,

A wonderful new deed:Dow Thompson,Jeremy Thompson,and RachelDeborahDow. Tobattledhave sphere.been called to this emway to live But as Jeremy said, we would have To open wide the gates of history

worked all our lives to get anything And song and story to these children half so fine in Iowa. here.

The next day, Jeremy hired a To ivatch their young eyes glowing team and wagon and set out for as they read

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. Cairo to get our furniture. Dolly Of Athens glory and of Caesar's

Buy now from your dealer was like a little girl playing house, fall, running about, brushing the hearths, To hear the armies clash, the statesexclaiming over the nicely paneled men plead, doors and the handsome brass stove The great bell ring at Independence in the parlor. Hall.

When we opened the inner shutters in the parlor, we discovered To pray at Valley Forge with Wash- "Ease in Care of that a window was broken. It had ington,

hear the great Emancipators shattered something large To by Bedridden Persons"been voice, stone. like a and heavy

Excellent Hospital Beds I walked down to Mr. Spreckles'To see an old world die, a new

office to report the broken window. world won,

Reconditioned—Repainted His mouth pulled together in a And all the world make freedom's

straight line. "You bought the house final choice.

as is, Ma'am,"he said with finality, And then to hail the ships, that past and directed me down the street all wars,

Shall lead them to the portals of to a glazier.

.:rtfHIBBw!{p.*j --> stars. the "Perhaps then, Mr. Spreckles, you

\l"52SPv%"willquestion.be kindWhyenoughare so manyto answerpeoplea

leaving Nauvoo?"don't know what to believe,"he

He gave me a look of innocent said, "I have heard so many conflictastonishment. "Oh, Ma'am, hadn't ing reports about them."

you heard? It's the Mormons. On the first day of July, Dolly

They're leaving because it ain't went shopping in anticipation of healthy for them here anymore."the Fourth, and came home greatly

"That seems very strange,"I said. disappointed. She had hoped to

Limited Supply—Order Now "What is wrong?"buy a large flag and drape it from "Well, Ma'am, I hate to cast mud the upper windows, but upon inBed - $47.50 on anybody, but the Mormons just quiring in the shops, she was told

Bed and New Mattress ain't welcome in the state of Illinois. that Old Glory was not for sale.

$70.00, $75.00, or $85.00 It's got so, to keep the peace, The people of Hancock County had

they're being asked to leave. Oh, passed a resolution not to celebrate

Patient operated, Hyd. units available tumble!"And he shook his head. the Fourth that year. Since all the

I learned that Nauvoo had been Mormons had not as yet left the

LYNN'S SPECIALTY SALES under martial rule for the past year, state, they could not consider themin an effort by the governor to keep selves completely "free."So there

Route 3, Blackfoot, Idaho

750 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Wellknown construction superintendent Frank Lemperle with volunteer workers at site of new church building.

Postum is the natural wholegrain drink that warms the heart

h Have a cup of friendship... have a cup of Postum. So many POSTWM

leading citizens do. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals,

slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor. It's hearty,

hospitable. healthful,

- Postum is 100% coffeefree, contains no caffein or other K INSTANT * artificial stimulants. Ready in an instant, it's always welcome. l>0STUM

Make sure you always have Postum on hand.

, S0'ft 100% coffeefree Another fine product of General Foods

OCTOBER 1961 751

for those you love SEASON'S GREETINGS parades,would notspeeches,be, as inandformermerrymakyears, ing.

We decided to fly in the face of this silly decree and plan a picnic, at least. The Fourth of July dawned

beautiful and clear. In honor of the to day Dolly wore her blue and white

sprigged frock with a red sash and her largest hoops, and defiantly waved a tiny flag.

We had been curious to view picturing you and your family the temple at close hand, so we packed our basket and walked up the temple hill. The edifice was very

large—three full stories plus a tall

tower, and the heavy colonnades all

GOURD DIPPER

BY ALMA ROBISON HIGBEE

I recall the place where the gourd vine grew And the gate post where the long gourd hung.

SO CARDS with ENVELOPES $3.49 There I walked in grasses sweet

TOO CARDS with ENVELOPES $5.99 with dew

And swung on the crooked gate CHOOSE FAVORITE YOUR young. I was when FAMILY SNAPSHOT years slipped by like gold The

The most delightfully warm and leaves from the tree, personal Christmas Greeting of And I noted their passing not at all, all so inexpensive!—and Run

through your favorite family Until a lengthening shadow walked negatives now—pick the one with me,

you want to appear on your And I saw the gourd on an alien,—mail Christmas and Card wall, dark pine today. coupon below Your

Seasoned dry, where it has hung and will their cards Christmas on be way to you in a few weeks, so long....

envelopes and all! Order now 10 As I gazed at it, my eyes with tears

avoid disappointment! were dim,

And my heart turned back where it had lost its song, ILLUSTRATED: NEW SAM'SP.O. Box 111."),PHOTODept. AA SaltLABLake City, Ut. ih |

"SLIMLINE"Please find enclosed $ lor When the evening star was caught

I want on the dippers rim. CARD -ACTUAL SIZE: Photos with attached nc gatives.

ZW x 7"SLIMLINE D REGULAR SATISFACTION GUARANTEED Please Print around gave it a somewhat Greek, Name or perhaps Egyptian appearance. ORDER NOW! a labor It to been have seemed

State on Citv Sor?y! guarantee of delivery No stone to the love, great even

1. received orders after PRESIDENTS of UTAH December pillars, the add 3% TAX!| ofcarvings and we above

walked away impressed with its solid grandeur. Looking for a place

\\ tr to picnic, we presently came upon a grove of trees arranged with BURNED OUT benches and a platform, like an outREALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY door meeting place. We could see

out over the pleasantly drowsing

A fire may mean you are out of a place to live, city and almost to the golden fields with tremendous added expense before you find beyond. We spread our fried

another. chicken and apple turnovers under

Let us explain your need for ample insurance the trees, and enjoyed a pleasant to cover today, s higher values. Independence Day.

While coming from shopping a UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY fewSquiredaysDaniellater,Wells,I meta amanneighbor,with a

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

752 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA lean and kindly face. We fell into THE RECORDED

conversation, as we walked along, about the Mormons. He told me

how their prophetleader had been killed by a mob, and the Mormon people had suffered so much subsequently that they had begun to leave Nauvoo in the middle of winter, crossing the river on the ice.

At supper that night Jeremy said, "I am going out to harvest tomorrow for a Mr. Pickett. In return,

he has promised to help me with my crop and take it down to Warsaw to sell."

It seemed a fine arrangement, but

PERENNIAL GOLD

BY SYLVIA PEZOLDT My garden is a joyous thing, Though it is months since it was spring, And summertime has come and gone, But still perennials bloom on;

Chrysanthemums of every shade Nod from their row, a gay parade,

While in a corner near a wall In these three books, the Book of Mormon, Pearl of Great Price, and Doctrine and

Michaelmas asters have grown tall. Covenants is stored the world's greatest collection of spiritual knowledge. Take this

Orange zinnias and the marigolds knowledge out of storage and put it into the lives and minds of your family. These

Are proof of what their promise oneLatterdayhour a scripturesday. can be heard in their entirety within two months by listening only

holds, That gold is where you find it, so KNOW the joy and fulfillment in UNDERSTANDING the message of the Scriptures through

Hail! Perennials'priceless glow. the LIVING WORD, in this beautifully recorded Triple Combination.

They do not mope at summers end YES, this collection of fiftysix 12inch longplay records will truly be a family treasure—

But greet the autumn as a friend. an exciting addition to your library!

$33.50 down and pay only $6.00 a month for 12 months, an unbelievable low total of

$99.50. after Dolly had retired, I chanced Less than $2.00 per record.

to go out to the kitchen and discovered Jeremy cleaning his gun. Send this coupon to: COLUMBIA RESEARCH GROUP

"There has been more trouble 3600 Market St., Salt Lake City 4, Utah

over the Mormons,"he explained. ( ) $33.50* enclosed, please send full Triple

"They have been warned not to go Combination. I agree to pay $6.00 per Name

outside the city, except to cross the ment.month (Includesfor 12 monthshandlingto completecharges.) payAddress

river."( ) Enclosed $99.50*, please send complete City State "Who is doing this?"I asked. Triple Combination. *Utah residents add $3.00 sales tax.

"A group that calls itself the

Quincy Committee."

"But, Jeremy, how can this concern you?"

"Some of the men working for Mr. Pickett are Mormons. We don't

expect any trouble, but it's best to Join the age of progress be prepared."

"Please, Jeremy,"I begged, "don't take gun. your Then you can't be with HOME STUDY of trouble."seekingaccused

So he agreed to leave it at home, and the next morning set off for Please send a free HOME STUDY catalog to:

Mr. Pickett's grain fields. We exName

pected him home at dusk, but when Address at eight o'clock, not arrivedhe had agitated veryDolly and City. State - became

Send to: Adult EducationHOMEandSTUDYExtension Services

BrighamProvo,YoungUtahUniversity

OCTOBER 1961 755 kept running to the window to peer out.

Finally we heard the approaching rumble of a wagon. "It's stopping

here,"observed Dolly.

A man dashed up the walk and pounded on the door. We opened

it to face a tall stranger, and behind him was Jeremy, supported under the arms by two other men.

They stepped in and quickly bolted the door. Jeremy sank to the floor,

and Dolly screamed. His face was

swollen and bruised, his hair matted

NOW! every needed with blood. You can reduce

"We've saved him from a mob,"vitamin and mineral the tall man informed us. with delicious,

"Put him in the first bedroom all in one tablet! upstairs,"I said, and led Dolly, safe, economical

half fainting, to the parlor sofa.

LYMAN'S Thestairs,twobut menthe tallcarriedone Jeremylingered.upSURE

"With your permission, Ma'am, I'll all fasten the shutters. We may MEAL DAILY SUPPLY followed."have been

familypriced... at less "You may, of course,"I said, and just mail in coupon

went to fetch the smelling salts for below, today! than 2c per tablet! Dolly.

This truly remarkable, new allin-one "You'd do well to take a sniff Get slim and trim with 2 Sure Meal vitaminmineral tablet... specially formyourself, Ma'am,"he observed, "You servings daily! Just mix nutritious, powulated entirely from natural food sources look a little pale."dered Sure Meal with milk or 2% milk

by a wellknown West Coast labora- "Thank you, Sir, but I am not for two lowcalorie (210241) meals per tory... is brought to you at this the fainting kind. Can you tell me day. Then enjoy a satisfying 300 to 400refreshingly low price only through this what happened?"calorie regular meal each day. OR, have

calories) servings (169 Meal two Sure in offer the this magazine. Compare working, were "While we were we

water milk and powdered with mixed multiple vitamins in Lyman's surrounded and minerals by mob. an armed They

Daily Supply tablets... compare the forced us to follow them toward an with a substantial 400 to 500calorie meal

U. S. P. units... compare the allin-one orchard. Three of us escaped by each day! Thus, unlike fixed 900calorie

tablet convenience... then compare ducking into a patch of corn, and allliquid diets. Sure Meal allows one

the price... with all the others! You'll then we followed at a distance to good meal a day for the bulk and natural

requires. your body find this to the best be product of its to the food see what would happen

with just 1 Sure Meal slim stay Then at the kind prices! lowest others.... ditchto a were taken They

at the your weight daily! Keep tablet for kiddies a Just one day up to to lie forced and bank down. Then serving

1 the with continuing point by desired. of tablets 6 years age.. one a or two they beaten with hickory were

regular serving, plus 2 daily Sure Meal... for to youngsters of 6 day 12 and goads. the finally rode When mob

pounds, gain a few Should meals. you or tablets as one a day, more needed, the away, fetched wagon, and we

1 regto 2 Sure return Meal, the simply... for adults teenagers provide and brought the home."men

for weight schedule daily easy ular meal the daily requirements of each group age you,"inadequate, "Thank was but is not fad food, a a control. Sure Meal for natural vitamins minerals. and it all I to find say. could was

... to provide every carefully balanced Daily tablets Lyman's the for Supply I turns Dolly took through and in lownutritional essential element a help family whole assure buoyant good the night for caring poor Jeremy, is high diet. Sure calorie Meal And—

... health guard or against vitamin his the sponging cuts on back deep to easier tasting quality better and—mineral deficiencies. Ideal economical and left I head. and morning Toward it soon. Try use. for missionaries everywhere. sitting Dolly beside him and went

stores. or in drug yet food available Not Excellent fundraising project for as a to prepare breakfast. some down

your Stake or Ward! The tall man sat on the bottom step Don Lyman & Associates,

asleep, his head in his arms and 1087 East 9th South,

Don Lyman & Associates, Jeremy's rifle across his knees. As I Salt Lake City 5, Utah

East 9th South, T087 following the rush Please start, passed he a jumped up with

Salt City 5, Lake Utah of quantities MEAL: SURE

at trifle guilty a being following the Send quantities of Lyman's looking Size 20Meal $ 4.75

Daily Supply natural vitaminmineral tablets: caught napping. 40Meal Size 9.00

Bottle. 100Tablet 1.95 45.00 Size $ (Case) 240Meal,"I "Sir I paused. and began

free delivery For 3-9674 phone EM Bottle 500Tablet 8.95 his did name. not..know flavor: desired Check 1,000Tablet Bottle 16.95 Defatted Chocolate Vanilla said. Kincaid,""Simon he in selling be interested Lyman's may Butterscotch Blond Maple

tablets. IDaily vitaminmineral Supply Kincaid, "Mr. have you would in selling interested be I may I interested Daily Supply in Lyman's am

tablets as a fundraising project. been very welcome to rest on our SURE MEAL as a dealer.

My name My name My address i My address i City Zone State j City Zone State

754 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA sofa. Where are your friends?"

"They slept out in the stable.

We'll be going now, Ma'am."

"I was about to prepare breakfast. Will you let me feed you before you go?"

He looked as if he could use a good meal, and consented to stay if

I would let him help.

The intimacy of the kitchen made me suddenly shy and stiff, and I replied, more loftily than I intended, "Yes, there is something you can do. My sister is exhausted from

her night's ordeal. You can takesome medicine up to her to calm Man

her nerves. Can you read?"The Deseret News'medicine

He looked at me with amusement man is Will Fehr, author of the or amazement, I could not quite tell.

"Oh, yes, Ma'am."column "The Medical Beat."

"Very good. It is an accomplishHe keeps readers fullyment not common in the West, I

have found. Please to take that informed about the latest

bottle from the shelf and measure out the proper potion in a glass of advances in medicine and water."research. Read his column He complied with a speed and

efficiency that made me feel, someregularly in your how, reduced in stature.

Jeremy continued very weak and that the day ill for over a week. On Bmsmumtj$ali alu: SkiagramMmw

sit in to out well enoughhe was the garden, I approached him, feeling that I really must discuss our circumstances. It was no good to

...worry Dolly. IN YOUR HOME

"Jeremy, this is not a safe place.

Let.. us sell the house and move IN YOUR CHAPEL elsewhere."

"Dolly loves it here."

"She would not want to stay at the risk of your life."

He crushed the newspaper he had been reading into a ball and threw it upon the ground.

"We can't sell the house, Rachel.

We're trapped. Sell this house?"

He gave a laugh of bitter derision.

"Do you know what that paper contains? Countless advertisements put

there by the Mormons, begging people to buy their homes. They

will take anything—a wagon, a pair

of oxen, a milk cow. And people

wait, because they know that when the Mormons get desperate enough, their homes can be had for nothing!"PRATT & LAMBERT He dropped his head in his

hands, and I sat there, reflecting on the nice profit Mr. Spreckles must

have turned. I was sick at heart.

decobeautifully most of our area in the many and Countless homes not reaped where had we had We the finestPratt with out inside finished and are rated Chapels it LDS our had proved sown, and undoing. & Lambert paints and varnishes.

(To be continued) SALT LAKE GLASS & PAINT CO.

"Decorating Center of the Intermountain Area"330 East 4th South Salt Lake City, Utah

See your local Pratt & Lambert dealer

OCTOBER 1961 755

ME LCHIZEDEK for a spiritual awakening

PR ESTHOOD

\/jv

Every man in the Church who holds the Joseph Smith said: "I told the brethren [meaning

Melchizedek Priesthood has been given the twelve, with whom he had that day been in the special assignment by the First session] that the Book of Mormon was the most corPresidency to read the Book of Mormon rect of any book on earth, and the keystone of our during 1961. religion, and a man would get nearer to God by

There are no exceptions. Every brother holding abiding by its precepts, than by any other book."( Histhe Higher Priesthood is included. General Authoritory of the Church, vol. 4, p. 461, Nov. 28, 1841.

ties head the list, then come stake and quorum What every faithful priesthood holder desires is to officers, and finally all quorum members. And it grow in grace; to increase in spirituality; to walk in

does not matter how many times each brother has the light; to abide in the truth; to have the companread or studied the Book of Mormon in the past; the ionship of the Spirit of the Lord—or, in effect, as the

present assignment is to read it during 1961. Prophet phrased it, to get near to God. And as far

Lesson work for this year in the Melchizedek as the written word is concerned, the Book of Mormon

Priesthood quorums centers around this reading is the perfect path toward attaining nearness to assignment. At the priesthood leadership meetings the Lord.

held in connection with stake conferences during the Brethren who read the Book of Mormon with the third quarter of 1961, the General Authority in atproper spirit grow in faith and a knowledge of the tendance (or if there was no visitor, then the stake gospel. They get firm testimonies of the divinity of

president) made a check to determine—quorum by this great latterday work. They come to know for

quorum—how many brethren were current in themselves that Jesus Christ is the Son of God, that

their reading. Joseph Smith was called of God to usher in this final

Next year, 1962, as already announced, the Meldispensation, that the Church of Jesus Christ of chizedek Priesthood quorums are going to study the Latterday Saints, as now organized and constituted, doctrines of the Book of Mormon. is the kingdom of God on earth.

Thus, this year and next provide an opportunity for Brethren who partake of the spirit of the Book a great spiritual awakening among priesthood brethof Mormon are in harmony with the programs of the ren through a searching and sincere study of this Church. They sustain and support their church

great volume of latterday scripture. leaders. They are led to keep the commandments of

756 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Read The Book of Mormon

God and to live by every word that comes from the 6. Who are the sons and daughters of Jesus

mouth of Deity. Reading the Book of Mormon leads Christ? (Mosiah 5:7.)

to righteousness, peace, and salvation. 7. Which is greater, a seer or a prophet? (Mosiah

To get full value out of the present organized plan 8:1318.)

of Book of Mormon reading and study, it is hoped 8. What are the terms and conditions of the covethat stake and quorum officers will carry out a pronant of baptism? (Mosiah 18:8-10.)

gram of encouragement and checkup where all 9. Can you summarize the doctrine of being born

holders of the Higher Priesthood are concerned. As again? (Mosiah 27:2431; Alma 5.)

part of such a program, and as a means of creating 10. Where do our spirits go at death? (Alma 40.)

interest in the study of the Book of Mormon, quorum 11. What is meant by the restoration that is to take

members might well be asked to find Book of Mormon place at the time of resurrection? (Alma 41:1215.)

answers to such problems and doctrines as the 12. How do we distinguish between those who

following: shall receive mercy and those destined to gain justice? (Alma 42.)

1. Who is delivered from death, hell, the devil, 13. When will the Lord fulfil his covenants to the

and endless torment, and in what does this deliverhouse of Israel? (3 Nephi 21.)

ance consist? (2 Nephi 9.) 14. How can we best define the gospel and the

2. Can you define and identify what is meant by plan of salvation? (3 Nephi 27.)

"priestcrafts"? (2 Nephi 26:29.) 15. Whence came "sorceries, and witchcrafts, and

3. Since Christ was guilty of no sin, why was he magics"? (Mormon 1:19.)

baptized? What is meant by fulfilling all righteous16. Do we believe in Christ unless we believe his

ness? (2 Nephi 31.) words? (Ether 4:1012.)

4. Can you identify the peoples involved in the 17. Can you summarize the arguments against inallegory of the tame and wild olive tree which Zenos fant baptism? ( Moroni 8.

gave? (Jacob 5.) 18. Have you put Moroni's promise to the test so

5. Are you familiar with a great gospel sermon on that you know for yourself by personal revelation

the atonement of Christ which was preached by an whether the Book of Mormon is true? (Moroni

angel from heaven? (Mosiah 3.) 10:4-5.)

OCTOBER 1961 757 t& S8K&

BOOKi MORMON

YOUNG MEN CAN SEE FURTHER

Binoculars are optical instruments through which we The Presiding Bishopric want the boys of the view distant objects more clearly than is possible Aaronic Priesthood to get so near to the Lord that with the normal eye. Because of the magnifying they will have the knowledge and desire to live

process, binoculars seem to reach out and bring clean, wholesome lives, to be preparing themselves objects closer to our vision. It is, therefore, possible for missionary service.

to see further and to focus attention on interesting Let us focus our attention on one or two incidents and important subjects. In military operations in the life of a young man in the Book of Mormon.

binoculars are used to perceive danger and also to His name is Nephi, and he describes himself as being avoid undesirable routes more susceptible to the will "exceeding young, nevertheless being large in of the enemy. They help us view pitfalls and traps stature...."(1 Nephi 2:16.) Even though he was

where the enemy waits in ambush. young he had developed great faith in God; and

The Lord in his great wisdom gave us another because of his desire to know God, he exerted great instrument to improve our vision. This instrument influence over those with whom he associated.

is far more valuable than binoculars. When we use On one occasion after his father, Lehi, had been

it properly, it brings us nearer to God and will help warned by the Lord of the destruction of Jerusalem, us discern undesirable conditions and circumstances he with his family was commanded to leave Jeruso that we may avoid them. This instrument is salem and go into the wilderness where he would be

known as the Book of Mormon. The Prophet Joseph led to a promised land. Later Lehi received another

Smith said, "... the Book of Mormon is the most commandment from the Lord to send his sons back

correct of any book on earth and the keystone of our to Jerusalem. When he requested his sons to return

religion, and man would get nearer to God by abiding to Jerusalem to obtain the Brass Plates from Laban its precepts, than by any other book."(History of the which was a record of his forefathers, Laman and

Church, 4:461.) Lemuel, the two older brothers commenced mur758 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

muring about the request, saying, "... it is a hard ing, "... I will go and do the things which the Lord

thing which I [Lehi] have required of them;..."hath commanded, for I know that the Lord giveth

(Ibid., 3:5.) no commandments unto the children of men, save he

Do you ever murmur and complain when your shall prepare a way for them that they may accombishop makes a request of you to speak at Sacrament plish the thing which he commandeth them."(Ibid.,

meeting? Do you murmur about your ward teaching 3:7.) Because of Nephi's faith and power of

assignment? Do you murmur about the meetings persuasion, his brothers, apparently reluctant, went

you should attend? Do you murmur about requests with him back to Jerusalem on their assignment to

the stake presidency make? Do you murmur about secure the records recorded on Brass Plates from

the Word of Wisdom? Do you ever say, "It is a hard Laban. Upon their arrival they cast lots and Laman

thing which he requires of me"? Do you say, "I will was their representative to meet with Laban to

do it, but it isn't the right way"? Have you ever request the records.

heard some of these expressions made after an You can imagine what kind of attitude Laman assignment has been given: "We have never done it possessed as he made his request. Perhaps it was

before.""That is not our problem.""Why change negative in its approach, and when his request did

it, it is still working okay?""We don't have time."not bring the desired results and Laban thrust him

"Has anyone else tried it?"As Laman and Lemuel out of the house, he had to flee for his life. He, with

murmured against their father Lehi, he stated as if his brother Lemuel, was determined to give up and to explain: "... I have not required it of them, but go back to their father, Lehi, and say it couldn't

it is a commandment of the Lord."(Idem.) be done.

Let us now briefly analyze the reaction of Nephi, Do we ever give up with our first attempt to fill an a young man of faith. He simply responded by sayassignment? (Continued on page 767)

WARD TEACHING SUPPLEMENT

THE END OF THE WORLD

The expression "the end of the world"has a dread- "Two women shall be grinding together; the one

ful connotation to many people as they -visualize shall be taken, and the other left.

some awful catastrophe. In a real sense it is a condi- "Two men shall be in the field; the one shall be

tion and time that will be viewed with "fear and taken, and the other left."(Luke 17:3436.) It might

trembling"by those who reject Jesus Christ and his also be said in our present manner of speaking, two gospel plan. It will be a fearful time for those who shall be driving along the highway in an automobile;

are exponents of Lucifer s philosophy of hate, murder, and one shall be taken, and the other left. Those taken

stealing, lying, adultery, etc. It will be a time when would be caught up to meet him at his coming, while

the air castles created by the evil designs of men will the wicked who are left will be burned as stubble.

collapse and their false standards will crumble before In the final analysis we usually just have two the Prince of Righteousness, even Jesus Christ. choices in life—to do good or to do evil. For surely

The literal meaning of the expression "end of the when the Savior said, "He that is not with me is world"more specifically has reference to the destrucagainst me"; would place apathy and omission in the

tion of the wicked. It is associated with the second category of wrongdoing as a stumbling block in the

advent of Jesus Christ when he comes to usher in the path of righteousness. Joshua's challenge issued hunMillennium when "... Christ will reign personally dreds of years ago would seem applicable to us even

upon the earth; and, that the earth will be renewed today when he declared, "And if it seem evil unto

and receive its paradisiacal glory."(Tenth Article you to serve the Lord, choose you this day whom ye

of Faith.) To those who are living righteously, it will will serve; whether the gods which your fathers

be a great, glorious, and happy occasion; a time to served that were on the other side of the flood, or the

rejoice with the triumph of good. Of this time the gods of the Amorites, in whose land ye dwell: but as

Lord has said "... there shall be two men in one bed; for me and my house, we will serve the Lord."

the one shall be taken, and the other shall be left. (Joshua 24:15.)

OCTOBER 1961 759 APPLES DO COME IN HANDY..

AH APPLE

t A DAY The old adage, "an apple a day keeps the doctor away,"might not economically be good for doctors but none will deny the nutritional value of this fruit.

Many a pioneer child owed his strong body in part to the bushels of apples stored away in the cold cellars of that day. Nutriments didn't come in bottles

then, and he found his vitamins and minerals in a juicy apple.

From the time of Eve, apples have played an important part. Many of us have memories of huge

baskets of rosy apples by the fireplace, a bowl of apples by our elbows while we studied, polished apples in our lunches each day along with those ever present tuna sandwiches, fruit stands by the side of country roads overflowing with red and golden apples, someone crunching an apple in your ear when you were trying to concentrate, a big, strong boy in your past breaking an apple in half with a twist of his wrist, bobbing for apples at a Halloween party, telling fortunes by the seeds in an apple, trying to peel an apple in one long curly swirl—just for the

fun of it, and many more apple customs. All this

and not to mention one TV star with a beautiful complexion who said she followed her grandmother's advice of using a mask of cooked, drained, nonsweetened apples for ten minutes on her face each morning. The result she claimed was a complexion

like a baby's. She said an apple a day might not

keep the doctor away but it surely kept the lines away from her face. I can't vouch for this, but we

all know about "an apple for the teacher"and just plain "apple polishing."Apples do come in handy

and are a valuable food.

We find this kingly apple in so many varieties!

Remember Johnny Appleseed

All ye that love the apple;

TODAY'S FAMILY. FLORENCE B. PINNOCK, EDITOR

He served his kind by word and deed

In God's grand greenwood chapel.

VENABLE

For cooking, the Greening is a favorite. The Baldwin the rosy skins left on. This salad is so good with

keeps very well and is not as sour as the Greening poultry or pork of any kind. Try adding cubed apples

and is popular for baking because of its color and to a tossed green salad—again leave the colorful skin

flavor. The Northern Spy is good for cooking or intact. Crisp apple added to fruit cocktail gives an

eating during the winter months. In the early fall added welcome texture and flavor. Raw apples may

we get the Mcintosh and the Wealthy apples and even be added to vegetables. The next time you

find them good for cooking. The Jonathan, Roman heat canned string beans add paper thin slices of

Beauty, and the Delicious are tops for eating. These apple just before removing the beans from the heat

are only a few of the many varieties of apples growing and sprinkle gently with nutmeg and flavor with in the orchards around the world today, but perhaps butter. The uses for raw apples are endless, but best

they are the most popular. But no matter the name, of all is to have a bowl of ruddy apples handy for

any apple is a king among fruits. snacks between meals.

The average housewife buys more apples than any When canning apples expect to get 16 to 20 quarts other fruit because of their extensive use in cookery. out of one bushel of fruit. Now is a good time to add

Any and every course of the meal can contain an to your jelly and jam cupboard. Try these two

apple in some form or other, A hot steaming cup conserve recipes.

of wassail made of apple cider to start a winter dinner, an apple and celery salad, applesauce with Apple Conserve roast pork or apples in a casserole with yams, apple 8 cups prepared apples Vz teaspoon salt bread or muffins, applesauce cakes, cookies, puddings, 6 cups sugar Vz cup raisins and even candy made with applesauce. Considering 4 tablespoons lemon juice Vz cup chopped nuts

all this, it's very easy to get "an apple a day."Wash, drain, pare, core, and cut apples in raisinPolishing a rosy apple and taking a big bite out of sized pieces. Measure. Mix all ingredients except

it is one way to eat an apple raw, but there are many nuts. Boil until thick. Add nuts about 3 minutes

other delicious ways. Have you ever tried an apple before removing from the heat. Pour boiling hot

sandwich? Slice homemade bread as thin as possible, conserve into half pint jars. Seal with tight lid.

spread well with softened butter and cover with thin slices of crisp apple, top with another slice of bread Fruit Nut Conserve and eat immediately. This sandwich is good with hot 4 cups diced apples

chocolate on a chilly fall Sunday evening. To vary 4 cups canned pineapple, chopped

this sandwich, spread the bread with deviled ham 3 oranges, thinly sliced, slice one complete orange before adding the apple slices and taste what a deincluding skin licious combination of flavors it makes. Waldorf IV2 cups grated coconut

Salad is always made with raw, cubed apples with 6 cups sugar

OCTOBER 1961 761 RAISE FUNDS Quickly... Easily! Wash, core, pare, chop, and into loaf pan and bake about 50

measure apples. Add pineapple and minutes. Remove from pan and

Every Latterday Saint oranges. Boil orange until the orange cool on rack.

home is a prospect... peel is tender. Add coconut and

You'll find a ready sugar. Boil almost to the jellying The following recipes use apples

market for Messenger's point. Pour boiling hot into hot jars in a number of different ways. Try

Latterday Saints Caland seal at once. some of these recipes to get "an

endar. Each month has apple a day."

art appropriate an cookies, cake or in bread, Apples natin full, production Apple Crowns effect. these a moistening Try color, with a have ural

brief description—and delicious breads. They store well. Core large red apples and cut

every day features an through middle to make 2 circles. historical interesting

event. Front cover has Apple C Bread Place in shallow pan cut side up.

lovely fullcolor paintFill centers with brown sugar and ing entitled, "Miracle xk cup cooking oil dot with butter. Bake at 350 desupplement on wellbeaten 2 eggs Gulls."Also the a fullcolorof or minutes F. for 10 about grees

color design—ideally in beautiful cover, aback cup milk % seasoned, tender. until Prepare for framing.suited 2 tablespoons molasses Pile high yams. smoothly mashed MAIL TODAY COUPON sifted flour 2 cups ring. Swirl of apple each top on full successful details for of

2V2 teaspoons baking powder fundraising program butter melted point. to Dribble a

1 teaspoon Stakes can 100% profit. and make up toWards at 400 degrees top and reheat salt over

for tested fundraising program proved and 1A teaspoon cinnamon lightly browned. F. until organizations. andquorums V& teaspoon allspice

PRICES—Single copy 45c; 3 copies $1.25 xk teaspoon nutmeg

copies copies12 $4.50; 25 $7.75 well sugar, packed cups brown % LULLABY OCTOBER HANDY USE copies $15.0050 (cereal) flakes 1 COUPON wheat whole cup BY SOLVEIG RUSSELL PAULSON prices special for on largerWrite

TODAY! sales plan. MAILquantities Vz the proved walnuts & chopped cup

apples, finely Hush, the striving time is done.r P. & H. DISTRIBUTORS 1 cup peeled cooking

1051 E. 21st South, Salt Lake City 6, Utah chopped Hazy, lazy, grows the sun,

Please send at once Messenger The breezes flutter with the tang 1962. for Art Latterday Calendars Saint shortening, eggs, the Combine Concords fragrant juice where Of

is remittance Enclosed of $ all other milk, and molasses. Add hang,

Please information free send on Ward and enough ingredients only blend and lie apples in the orchard And sales plan. Stake

into flour. Pour to dampen all the Drowsing where the weeds are dry. Name at loaf pan. Bake a wellgreased

Address 350 degrees F. about one hour. Cool Now the summer s drumming fades.

City State.. for 15 minutes. Turn out on rack. Gold and crimson fills the glades,

Slices best the next day. And brittle corn flags whisper low

Where the earthbrown furrows Cheese always compliments apflow.

ples. The flavors blend so well toGone are lusty growth and rush.

gether. Whether cheese is served Autumns here. Hush, oh, hush!

with an apple pie, eaten with an apple as dessert, or found in a nut bread the taste is just right. Apple Rings

Choose large, red apples, core

Apple Cheddar Nut Bread and cut into %-inch slices. Dip into

FOLDING Vi lb. butter or margarine melted butter and then into a mixPEDESTAL TABLES V2 cup sugar ture of sugar and cinnamon (or

Direct from factory sav- 2 eggs cloves). Broil until puffy and

ing to Schools, Churches, side. other and brown brown—turn sifted flour 2 cups

Clubs, organiLodges and all for or pork ham Use a garnish baking 1 powder teaspoon zations. 1962 MONROE

Folding Banquet Tables are 1 teaspoon baking soda roast.

for quality, unmatched duraVz salt teaspoon convenience handand 4 anise (optional) For a different applesauce try sizes for teaspoon models and jsomePortionsappearance.bility, 94

every use. Write for 1 cup ground apples cooking apple quarters in sweetened

is delicious. It sauce. cranberry BIG 1962 FREECATALOG 1 shredded Cheddar cheese cup

tables, chairs, Full Colorpictures. lineMONROE next bran your Also make when you pecans chopped cup platformrisers, portV2 trucks, table and chair

able partitions. Write today! muffins add 1 cup finely chopped

THE MONROE CO., 249 Church St., Colfax, Iowa Cream the butter and sugar until unpeeled apples to batter and

smooth. Add eggs and beat until sprinkle tops with a mixture of

fluffy. Sift together flour, baking sugar, cinnamon, and nuts. For a

powder, baking soda, and salt. Stir different apple pie, slice some dates

The most economical food wrap into creamed mixture. Add anise, over the apples before putting on

crust. Serve top the pie warm the cheese, and pecans, apples, Cheddar you can use! cheese. of with to blend. a wedge Turn just enough mixing

b&>**iKITCHEn CHflRITl WAXED PAPER

762 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Gold Ribbon Winner at the Nebraska State Fair suggests you try her

Apple Crunch Pie 6 cooking apples White Potato Rolls

Vz sugar cup "I originated the recipe myself, thinks and my family 1 teaspoon'cinnamon says a good one!"Mrs. Harold of Lincoln GilmanVz cup brown sugar, firmly packed it's

it, too! It won the% cup flour "And lucky for me—the judges liked

V3 cup butter Gold Ribbon for me in the top yeast baking contest at Nebraska's State Fair. I think your family

Peel, core, and slice the apples; will like my White Potato Rolls, too. But

arrange in unbaked pie shell. Combe sure to use Fleischmann's Active Dry

bine the Vz cup sugar with cinnaYeast—it's so fast and easy. Your baking

mon, sprinkle over the apples. Mix turns out just right with Fleischmann's."

the brown sugar and butter with the flour sprinkle top. the over and Bake / WHITE POTATO ROLLS Makes 3 dozen F. for degreein a 400 oven 40 about

cups milk well. flour; let Wi remaining Cover; mix orminutes until apples are tender. Vi cup sugar rise in place, free draft, from warm serveCool and ice with vanilla salt tablespoons 2 until doubled, min. 45 about Punch

3 tablespoonscream. Fleischmann's

in half. divide half each down; Cut Margarine

Applejos 2 packagesYeast, activeor cakesdry orFleischmann'scompressed handsinto 18intopieces.a ropeRollabouteach6 inchespiece underlong;

Vz cup shortening V2 cup very warm water tie each in loose knot. Place in well

1 cup brown sugar 1 egg greased 9-inch square pans, rolls 1 egg 1 egg white touching. Cover; let rise in warm

potato V2 cup mashed until place doubled, about 45 minutes.1V2 cups flour flour, sifted 6V2 cups about Bakeat375F. (mod.) 25min.Remove Vz teaspoon soda

salt milk; sugar, Scald add and marpans; from brush with margarine. Vz salt teaspoon garine; to cool Sprinkle lukewarm. or

1 teaspoon vanilla crumble Fleischmann's Yeast into 1 teaspoon nutmeg very warm water. Stir to dissolve.

1 cup chopped, unpeeled apples Add lukewarm milk mixture, egg and

Vz cup chopped nut (optional) egg white, mashed potato and 3 cups sifted flour; beat until smooth. Stir in

Cream the shortening and sugar V ANOTHER FINE PRODUCT OF. STAN DA R D BRANDS INCORPORATED /

and beat in the egg, add the dry ingredients. Stir in the apples and

vanilla. Drop in balls on greased

cookie sheet. Bake at 375 degrees

F. until done, about 10 minutes.

Applesauce Lunch Bag Cookies 2 cups flour It looks like cream

Vz teaspoon salt Vz teaspoon cinnamon -pours like cream

Vz teaspoon nutmeg Vz teaspoon cloves -tastes even better!

1 teaspoon vanilla 1 cup finely chopped walnuts EVAPORATED 1 cup chopped, seedless raisins

Vz shortening cup.S V"".ir,MILKD Contrnl Ir""4"* 1 sugar cup

1 teaspoon baking soda 1 cup applesauce 1 egg, well beaten Sift the flour, measure, add the SOLVE YOUR GIFT PROBLEMS salt and spices, nuts and raisins. with

Cream the shortening, add the sugar A Present Appreciated The YearRoundgradually, and continue to beat until light, add the egg. Stir baking soda THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

into the applesauce, combine with is the creamed mixture. Add the dry An Ideal Gift For:

ingredients. Drop by teaspoonfuls Weddings, Birthdays, Servicemen, Missionaries, Friends, and

apart a onto2 or 3 inches greased New Members sheet. degrees at 375baking Bake

F. for about 15 minutes. This A lovely gift card will be sent in your name.

recipe may be doubled, and the Send Only $3.00 For 12 Big Issues To:

cookies stored in a covered container.

50 North Main Street Salt Lake City 11, Utah

OCTOBER 1961 763 The Teacher s Mission Now that is the field of religion "Behold, I sent you out to testify with which we teachers are to conand warn the people, and it be- (Continued from page 729) cern ourselves: with theory and cometh every man who hath been

doctrine and practice. Then the warned to warn his neighbor.

center of religion, it seems that Lord broadens it to include all of "Therefore, they are left without teachers ought to be learning about these things: excuse, and their sins are upon their

the revelations which the Lord has "Of things both in heaven and in own heads."(Ibid., 88:8082.)

given. Certainly their responsibility the earth, and under the earth; Then the Lord tells what will hapis to give youth this outlook, this things which have been, things pen after the testimony has been

viewpoint. The Prophet Joseph which are, things which must shortgiven by his servants who have been

Smith had this point of view. I ly come to pass; things which are called to go out and teach the gospel.

have read section eightyeight of at home, things which are abroad; It seems to me that the purpose for

the Doctrine and Covenants many the wars and the perplexities of the blessing men with scientific achievetimes, particularly the part referred nations, and the judgments which ments, this Church with means, and to as the charter of education in the are on the land; and a knowledge the purpose of education is to preChurch. I would like to refer to it also of countries and of kingdoms—"pare the small group of peoplehere, (Ibid., 88:79.) members of the Church—who are in

"And I give unto you a commandUsually this is where most of us a sense the custodians of the gospel ment that you shall teach one anstop. I think, however, there is a of Jesus Christ, to be prepared and

other the doctrine of the kingdom. message in these next few verses, able and willing to share it with

"Teach ye diligently and my grace for the Lord gives answer as to why all people.

shall attend you, that you may be these things should be studied: I think the Savior did not in any

instructed more perfectly in theory, "That ye may be prepared in all sense have a negative attitude in principle, in doctrine, in the law things when I shall send you again toward science or the arts. I think

of the gospel, in all things that perto magnify the calling whereunto I he gave the invitation for all of us tain unto the kingdom of God, that have called you, and the mission to study them and learn them. He

are expedient for you to underwith which I have commissioned gives a chance for us to find our stand;..."(D&C 88:7778.) you. own niches and fill them because of

eA 'fke meal...

There's nothing plainJane about Macaroni and Cheese Supreme... mushrooms

nestled in curls of macaroni in a bubbly sauce, rosy slices of tomato and melted cheese on top. Yet it's so simple!

Just melt cheese cubes in SEGO Milk with a nip of seasoning for the smoothest cheese sauce. Recipe No. 11.

764 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Recipe No. 1

CORNCRISPED CHICKEN Crisp, juicy, and perfectly grease/ess/

DIP... ROLL... POP INTO OVEN

1. Dip IVi to 3-lb broilertryer 2. Roll in mixture 1 cup 3. Place chicken in shallow baking

Chicken, cut in pieces, in Vi cup KELLOGG'S Corn Flake Crumbs, pan lined with REYNOLDS WRAP.

SEGO Evaporated Milk. 1 teasp. ACCENT, 1 teasp. Salt (That's right, no shortening.) Bake

"Thin"milk and V* teasp. Pepper. in 350 oven (moderate) 1 hour, or

just won't do ""until drumstick is tender.

**s&

Recipe No. 2

FRIED CHICKEN AND GRAVY SEGO and soup make this famous failproof gravy 1. Dip 2 x/2 to 3-lb. broilerfryer Chick- 3. To crisp chicken, remove cover,

en, cut in pieces, in V2 cup SEGO cook 5 minutes more. Remove chickEvaporated Milk. Roll in mixture of en, pour off all but 1 tablespoon

1 cup Flour, IV2 teasp. Salt and Y6 drippings.

teasp. Pepper.

4. Stir mixture of 1 can Cream of

2. In 10inch skillet brown in x/4 cup Chicken Soup and % cup SEGO

hot Shortening. Cover, cook over low Evaporated Milk into drippings and

heat 20 to 30 minutes, or until drumcrisp flavorful bits in skillet. Heat

stick is tender. until steaming. Makes 4 servings.

.

Recipe No. 3

HAM AND POTATO SKILLET 1. In 10inch skillet brown 1-lb. slice readyto-eat Ham in

1 Tablesp. Butter or Margarine and 1 Tablesp. Brown

Sugar. Remove ham, pour off drippings.

Mushroom 2. Mix in same skillet 1 can Cream of Mushroom Soup,

soup and SEGO % cup SEGO Evaporated Milk (1 small can), % cup make this Water,Pepper. x/\Stircupincutup3 cupsOnion,thinly l/2sliced,teasp.peeledSalt andraw VsPotatoesteasp.

topstove and 1 cup sliced raw Carrots.

dinner delicious 3. Cover, cook over low heat stirring now and then, until

vegetables are tender, 35 minutes. Place ham on vegetables. Cover and cook about 10 minutes more. Makes

4 servings.

Recipe No. 4

BEEF STROGANOFF A gourmet's dish, with a super sauce 1. Cut 1 lb. Round Steak, Y2 inch

thick, into 3 x 1-inch strips. Brown

strips in 2 Tablesp. hot Shortening in

10inch skillet.

2. Add Vi cup cutup Onion, 1 teasp.

Salt and */4 teasp. Pepper. Blend in

2 Tablesp. Flour, then V/2 cups Tomato Juice and 4-oz. can Mushroom

Stems and Pieces, drained. Cover,

cook over low heat 1 hour, until meat is tender. 3. Stir in mixture of y2 cup SEGO

Evaporated Milk and 1 Tablesp.

Lemon Juice. Heat until steaming,

but do not boil. Serve over 3 cups

cooked Noodles or Rice. Makes 4

servings.

Recipe No. 5

TOPSTOVE BEANS AND MEAT BALLS 1. Mix well 1 lb. ground lean Beef, l/2 cup SEGO Evap.

Husbandorated Milk, % cup soft Bread Crumbs, 1 teasp. Salt and

approved. Ys teasp. Pepper. With wet hands, shape into 16 balls.

with 1 Shortening skillet hot in 1 Tablesp. in Brown and grand 2. heat 10 minutes. low sliced Cover, cook over Onion. cup

for a 3. Add mixture of 1-lb. can Baked Beans (2 cups), Y%

busy day teasp. Salt, 2 Tablesp. Catsup and Vi teasp. Dry Mustard.

Cover and heat. Makes 4 servings.

..''mmid

< ifcjil W

z

UJ z

Recipe No. 6 Recipe No. 7

BEEF POTATO LOAF AND MACARONI AND CHEESE

UJ SUPREME over bakes right mea? loafh Jw/cv

< sliced potatoes Oldtime favorite, glamorous new way

K 1. Arrange evenly in greased 2-quart 1. Mix in greased l l/2 -quart baking

dish baking cups cooked 3 x/2 thinly 4 cups sliced, dish Elbow Mac1L aroni (cook cups macaroni), peeled raw Potatoes 1% and 1 Tablesp.

K 4-oz. can Stems Mushroom and cutup sprinkled Onion 1 teasp. with

ID Pieces, drained, finely and x/ cup cut Salt, teasp. teasp. Pepper and 1Q. ys Pimiento. Parsley Flakes (can omit)

2. Stir until over low heat cheese

melts Milk, cup Evaporated SEGO % cups Process cubed l 1/ Americanz SEGO2. Mix Evaporated1 lb. ground Milk,lean Beef,y2 cup% finecup

-I Soda Cracker Crumbs or uncooked Cheese, 3 Tablesp. cutup Onion, 2

teasp. 1 teasp. Oats, Dry Mustard, Chili or cup Catsup Salt, x/\ %< Rolled teasp. Pepper Worcesterand 1 teasp. cutup cup Sauce, x/4 Onion, 1 teasp.

Salt and y8 teasp. Pepper. Spread shire Sauce.

< evenly over potatoes. 3. Stir into macaroni. Top with 4

I-HI 3. Decorate top with more catsup, if slices4 thickProcessTomatoAmericanSlices (canCheeseomit).and

desired. Bake in 350 oven (moderate) Bake in 350 oven (moderate) 25 min-

1 hour, until potatoes are tender. utes, until bubbly hot. Makes 6

Makes 4 servings. servings.

M> m

Recipe No. 8 Recipe No. 9

VEAL PARMESAN GRAVYBAKED Italian specialty, mellow with cheese PORK CHOPS 1. Turn on oven and set at 350 (modWhen the chops are done, the gravy's made

2 Tablesp. Butter erate). Melt or 1. Sprinkle to 4 lean Chops, Pork Yt in 12 x in oven. Margarine 8-inch pan inch thick, with Salt and Vi teasp. %

2. Dip 4 servingsize pieces Veal, Ys teasp. Pepper. In 10inch skillet

V2 inch thick (cutlets, steaks, chops) brown in 1 Tablesp. hot Shortening.

in H cup SEGO Evaporated Milk. Pour off drippings.

Roll in mixture of 2 Tablesp. Grated

Parmesan Cheese, x/4 cup Flour, V2 2. Pour around the chops a mixture

teasp. Salt and few grains Pepper. of 1 can Cream of Chicken or MushPut into pan. room Soup, % cup SEGO Evaporated

3. Bake, uncovered, 30 minutes. Milk (1 small can) and Yi cup Water.

Meanwhile, mix cup EvapSEGO Y3 in 350 Bake oven (moderate) 45 orated Milk and Grated cup J/2 until Par- 3.minutes, are chops tender. Stir Cheese. mesan well. gravy servings. 4 Makes

4. Take veal from oven. Pour 8-oz.

can Tomato Sauce around veal. Tip: Instead of baking, you can cover

Spoon cheese mixture on veal. Bake and cook chops and gravy about 45

20 to 25 minutes more, until meat is minutes over low heat, stirring now tender. Makes 4 servings. and then, until chops are tender.

Recipe No. 10 Recipe No. 11

TUNA CASSEROLE BEEFSTEAK BUNDLES

New cheese version... bakes in 15 minutes With onionflavored rice

1. Cook iy2 cups broken Noodles in Bakes in foil, no watching

unsalted water. Drain and mix with 1. Have ready four 18 x 12inch

1 can Cream of Mushroom or Chicken pieces heavy aluminum foil, 3 cups

Soup, y2 cup SEGO Evaporated Milk, cooked Rice (cook 1 cup converted 7-oz. can Tuna, drained, 1 cup grated long grain rice or 5-oz. pkg. preProcess American Cheese and V3 cup cooked rice), 1 pkg. Dried Onion

cutup Onion. Soup Mix, 1 lb. Round Steak, y2 inch

thick, cut into 3 strips, 1-inch x Y22. into Pour greased -quart bak- l l/2 cup Evaporated Milk SEGO and dish.ing with Top cup broken l/2 4 teasp. Butter or Margarine.Potato Chips. in 425 Bake (very oven

hot) 15 minutes, until bubbly hot. 2. Put cup rice in center of each %

servings. 4Makes foil. piece of Sprinkle 1 tablespoon

onion soup over each. steak PutCORNED BEEF Use CASSEROLE: on 2 On tablespoons12oz. mixeach—pour can Corned in Beef, cut up, Milk, sprinkle 1 SEGOrice. tablespoonplace of tuna. onion soup 1 mix, place teaspoon

butter. 3. Bring together short sides of each

piece of foil; fold under twice. Fold

up ends to seal tightly. Bake on

cooky sheet in 350 oven (moderate) 1 hour. Serve in foil packages.

Recipe No. 14

FRANKFURTER SPAGHETTI 1. In 10inch skillet cook % cup cutup Green Pepper and x/z cup cutup

Onion in Vi cup Butter or Margarine until tender. Take off heat.

2. Stir in 3 Tablesp. Flour, y4 teasp.

*-'"'. A*"5

"SSfr Ss?

Recipe No. 12 Recipe No. 13

HAMBURGER NOODLE BAKE ORIENTAL DINNER

Layered with creamy cheese Pork strips and vegetables and tomato sauce in an exotic sauce 1. Mix until smooth two 3-oz. pkg. 1. Cut 1 lb. Pork Steak, \/2 inch

softened White Cream Cheese, x/2 cup thick, into 2 x i-mch strips. Brown

SEGO Evaporated Milk, 2 teasp. in 10inch skillet in 2 Tablesp. hot

Lemon Juice, V4 teasp. Garlic Salt Shortening. Add l/2 cup sliced Onion,

and 1 teasp. Worcestershire Sauce. V2 cup Green Pepper Strips and 4-oz.

Mix with 5 cups cooked Noodles can Mushroom Stems and Pieces (cook 4 cups broken noodles) in (drain, but save liquid). Cook until

greased 11 x 7-inch baking dish. tender. Take off heat.

2. In 10inch skillet cook V2 cup cut- 2. Move meat mixture to one side.

up Onion and x/\ cup cutup Green Stir 2 Tablesp. Flour into drippings.

in 1Pepper Tablesp. Butter or MarStir in gradually liquid y3 cup

tender.garine until drained from then mushrooms, V2

cup SEGO Evaporated Milk. Stir

3. Add 1 lb. ground lean Beef. Stir over low heat until thick.

now and then until brown. Stir in

8-oz. can Tomato Sauce and x/2 cup 3. Stir in 8-oz. can Tomato Sauce, 2

Catsup. Cook over medium heat 8 Tablesp. Brown Sugar, 1 Tablesp.

minutes, until mixture thickens. Vinegar, 1 teasp. Salt and V2 teasp.

Spread over noodles. Bake in 375 Worcestershire Sauce. Cover, cook

oven (high moderate) 10 minutes, over low heat 30 minutes. Serve over

until bubbly hot. Makes 8 servings. 3 cups cooked Rice. Makes 4 servings.

Oregano, V2 teasp. Salt and V4 teasp. cups cooked Spaghetti (cook % cup

Pepper, then % cup Water. broken spaghetti).

3. Add 1 cup SEGO Evaporated Milk, 4. Put into greased lVssquart baking

1 teasp. Worcestershire Sauce and 1 dish. Top with 1 cup buttered Bread

cup grated Process American Cheese. Crumbs. Bake in 350 oven (moderStir over low heat until thick. Stir in ate) 30 minutes. (Garnish with few

1 lb. Frankfurters, sliced, and l l/2 slices franks last 10 minutes.) Serves

4 to 6..- %\\.

our interests and our abilities in any attention to their specific areas, but fires"become minimized. Teach

one of these fields, but it seems that with an emphasis in the direction young people as effectively as they he did this in order that man could now being given as a charge by the should be taught, and they will unfocus more intelligently on religion. Church leaders. derstand the importance of this

Does not religion in its true sense In conclusion, I leave one or two great goal.

comprehend all of life—science, the specific suggestions. First, teachers Second, teachers, teach respect for

arts, and all? Perhaps that is why ought to give increased attention to authority, obedience, loyalty, and

the Savior, knowing all that he knew this area of stimulating, on the part dedication. These, as we know, are

and considering all that he could of students, a desire to fulfil misconcepts we cannot teach directly.

have given his children, taught basic sions. The Lord has said, "... that These concepts are caught from oband simple principles such as faith he granted unto men according to serving our example of devotion—our

and repentance and love and servtheir desire."It is almost a frightendedication to and our respect for

ice and the meaningful ordinances ing thing to think we can actually authority. Students will catch that,

of the gospel. Is not this also the have what we wish to have. The and we cannot hide it. We must

pattern for teachers to use in their teacher's task is to help our young teach respect for the priesthood endeavors—to concentrate on the men set their hearts on a mission. young men hold and the uniqueness

fundamental things of life, then, as When this becomes their desire, of it.

opportunity comes, to draw from all many other things almost autoIt would be a wonderful thing, the facets of life to help enrich and matically fall into place. If they too, if the members of the Church

enlarge living? have their eye on this goal, they would teach their children the forNow, I think this does not mean know they must live worthily to go eign languages they know. In inthat all ought to resign their preson a mission; they know they canterviewing a young man, I asked,

ent teaching assignments in the not get married prior to this; and, "Are you willing to go anywhere?"

Church and go out preaching the in general, their life becomes more He answered, "Yes, I will. But, I

gospel. I think that is not what purposeful. If we teachers can think you ought to know that I was

the Lord intends. Each of the center this theme solidly enough in quite a big boy before I knew there

auxiliaries and all of the various the lives of our students, a lot of were any other missions in the departments should give adequate other problems and little "brush Church besides the German Mission.

dink, adiuououqmJL doimt /ucIl 3330 wmh& 1h& \J nee in a while you find them. Recipes for

dishes so good you serve them again and again..

dishes that need only the simplest et ceteras for memorable meals. These are that kind. Make

them yours! And make them always with SEGO,

the milk with country cream in every drop.

"Thin"milk just won't do... it takes the richness of SEGO in each of the thirteen recipes above.

Whatever would good cooks do without SEGO!

The meatand-potato man's special! That famous

SEGO Milk meat loaf, juicy and smoothslicing, bakes right on top of sliced potatoes for a perfect allin-one dish, Beef and Potato Loaf. SEGO Milk binds

the loaf (without an egg) and blends the savory seasonings with the good meat juices. Recipe No. 10.

Pork chops browned and ovensimmered in a creamy gravy swirled with the rich panjuices of the meat...

a recipe that will take its place among your family's favorites! The gravy is superb—and failproof! Just,%-':-fismooth-blending SEGO and a can of cream soup

(chicken or mushroom). Try GravyBaked Pork T'<

Chops. Recipe No. 13.

*rv>.- J

OCTOBER 1961 765 HOW TO COLOR STYLE YOUR My father went to Germany. He

speaks German to us. I have studied

German in the home. My father

has helped me with it. I have taken Motel it at college. I both read and speak

School itmightfairlyhavewell."been Thisassignedyoungto manany

mission in the world, but he went to mission. a Germanspeaking Can we

to Hospital teachers figure out some way

skills in the pass guage Church and Factory itcapitalize on this reservoir of lanstudents our on through and many other personal contacts we Restaurant the have?

or Store beThird,taughtourthe youngscriptures.peopleWeshouldhave

heard this before, but I mean teach

A nationallyrespected color authority has prepared 6 "Functional Color the scriptures with a purpose: first,

Kits"covering these institutions, for Bennett's Colorizer Paints. Each Kit

illustrates in precise detail how the "right"colors can be used to provide MOUNTAIN MIST

I. HAMILTON tasteful decoration and to promote morale and efficiency, better seeing, BY GLADYS

The curtain of the morning mist was safety, and improved employee and public relations. Each kit includes

lifted, chips of 36 Functional Colors and instructions fortheir use. Forfull inforRevealing blue skies wearing pearly

mation, write: FUNCTIONAL COLOR DIVISION Likelockets;little girls in gingham pinafores,

The mountains earned hankies in

teach them as the will of the Lord Bennett's their pockets.

65 WEST 1st SOUTH ST. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH toand,be second,used to teachteach others.them asEncour-a tool

age young people to read the standard works. teachers already Many BECOME ACQUAINTED WITH

this particularly admirably, with do

The Improvement Era the Book of Mormon. Teachers

could also inspire their students to the Price Pearl of Great read some direct shopper try, afternoon, if they Sunday would wnmi—a

A mail order section especially designed to bring together andnants.to readStudentsthe Doctrinewho areandstudyingCovein one place, information about quality items of unusual in the New Testament area ought to

be motivated to read the whole interest or usage. thing.

All products advertised carry a guarantee to satisfy or We can teach students to give talks, give them experience and opmoney will be refunded when merchandise is returned in an portunity to express themselves.

unused condition. They need this valuable training.

They should learn to speak loud

Improvement Era advertising is carefully screened and enoughof the otherto be techniquesheard and ofto useproperall may be relied upon. We respectfully suggest you try ordering public speaking. Teachers do a

the products you find of interest from the distincttheir studentsservicethesewhenopportunities.they afford

And, finally, we teachers need to have uppermost in our minds that

sionary, to teach with and we ought DIRECT SHOPPER every young man is a potential misthat goal in mind. young Each man Pages 768769

should know that his teacher expects him to be a missionary.

LEARN, PEWS, PULPIT* CHANCEL Teachers are on the spot every

AT a General Authoritv interviews time FURNITURE missionary. prospective a How well HOME! write for Free catalog j job? our do do we LOWDIRECTPRICES W AND or profitable career highpayEnjoy

Fashion Art, Commercial glamorousLearn at home,Cartooning, trainPainting, you Lettering,hobby.Art, TV, extratime inatspare outfits We(worth 22pc. J.RREDINGTON&CO.TWO

day. Bookcharge. includedFREE only artCOST etc.—LOW Schooldescribesno acall.$25) 20cwill Washington salesmaneasy

(Estab. Y. N. 1914) Washington,Art, Port Studiocourse. 2, PA. 10 of DEPT. No4210. 2 SCRANTON

766 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Your Question

(Continued from page 708)

his neighbor.

"Therefore, they are left without excuse, and their sins are upon their own heads."(D&C 88:8182.)

"And again, by way of commandment to the church concerning the manner of baptism—All those who

humble themselves before God, and desire to be baptized, and come forth with broken hearts and contrite spirits, and witness before the church that they have truly repented of all their sins, and are willing to take upon them the name of Jesus Christ, having a determination to serve him to the end, and truly manifest by their works that they have received of the Spirit of

Christ unto the remission of their sins, shall be received by baptism into his church."(Ibid., 20:37.)

Missionaries should also remember that before a person is baptized he or she should subscribe to the covenant of baptism as the Lord has given it by revelation.

Presiding Bishoprics Page

(Continued from page 759)

When things go wrong or when we first encounter resistance, do we run istinctive choice of to the theback one having made programs to make the say, "I quit, it can'tassignment and arewell complete. Thebe done"? with Are we content

photograph fifty percent performance, or do in folded we includedmissionary's have the faith to persevere and the imagination to try another approach? Here again it was necessary for Nephi to persuade his for 500

brothers to stay until "... we have for moreand 85cor lessper than100 500

accomplished the thing which the plus postage

Lord hath commanded us."(Ibid.,

3:15.) This is a fascinating story that is The West's Finest found in the first few pages of the Printers and Binders

Book of Mormon that gives us insight to the unhappiness and trouble that can come to peoplebecause of disobedience, because of Deseret unfaithfulness. It is also a story of

the importance of faithfulness, of keeping in tune with our Father inheaven, of studying the scriptures, News developing a vision for righteousness, and to help us see further. Press

OCTOBER 1961 The Improvement Era DIRECT

COATOF-ARMS. Add a new dimension of

knowledge and enjoyment to your interest in authentic, genealogy with handpainted an is set This SET. on CHESS WINNING AWARDSILHOUETTE Not NOTES. obTHANK YOU

Oliver Mrs. coatof-arms. Genevieve Howard of display at the Chicago permanent Museum in store.tainable for deBrand any new we

paint to is at coatof-arms family your ZCMI design Industry. Science world by and A raresigned them. FULL IN PRINTED NAME BLACK

authentic the source material from from in ivory Peter sculptor Ganine. Molded HALL famouson girls, of pink background for ladies and

full Beautiful color 16"x20"HERALDRY. OF heavily black, polished, highly weighted and for inblue center diecut and boys of men

coatof-arms $75. ZCMI. gift felted packaged. The and and handsomelysilhouette. Personalized thank you notes make

excellent gifts. 24 Notes. 24 Envelopes—size popular ZVi"king size set shown is a gift that

63/ix7". Regular $1.50. Offer to ERA readers will be treasured a lifetime. Only $7.95 ppd.

$1.29. Jasperson, 1070 Jasperson Bldg., Culver Satisfaction positively guaranteed. Lilly Caro,

City, Calif. Box 431, Encino, California.

LIFETIME of FILM

PLAN

\ / UU MAGNETIC PHONE PAD is ideal gift for home PUSSYFOOTING AROUND. $2.98. Pussyfooters DON'T MISS THIS! You save more! More ways!

or office. Handy, easyto-replace 4-inch by are cattalk for California's onthe-prowl playMore often! And we prepay both ways. Plus:

6-inch memo pad plus balltop magnetized shoes. Custommade of kitten soft suede leather FREE participation in our exclusive "Camera

alldialerpencil clipped to phone! comfort. Gleaming Saddlestitched for barefoot onto conSnapshot"Club"membership, Your "Name

top; black $1.98. lacqueredmetal Order flexible base. soles... ankletied with cowhide tests lovely you can "Alohaiand"where win

from Pembroke's, 24 East Broadway, Salt Lake cat's whisker bow. Sizes 4 to 10 in 4 fashionand other vacation trips. Send for full details

City 11, Utah. Include 30c postage. Utah resipurrfect colors—Siamese Tan, Tomcat Black, today to 1498 Major Street, P.O. Box 15498,

dents add 3% sales tax. Angora White, Persian Red. $2.98 -air postSalt Lake City, Utah.

paid. CALLEATHER CO., DEPT. ERPF-10, 963

Harrison St., San Francisco 7, Calif.

LUCKY BEAN with ivory elephants. Tiny good CRG's NEWEST BOOK OF MORMON - "The

luck bean contains handcarved ivory elephants. Compact Edition: NOW, within the reach of PARENTS'MAGAZINE AT HALFPRICE. 6

This unusual conversation piece makes a woneveryone! This great scripture recorded commonthly issues only $1 (reg. $2). On rearing

derful Christmas gift. Bean with 1 elephant plete and unabridged on 50 unbreakable gold children from crib to college, Parents'Maga-

$1.00; Bean with 3 elephants $1.50; Bean with vinyl records. 16% rpm.* For family nights! zine is read in almost 2,000,000 homes. Send

6 elephants $1.75; Bean with 12 elephants Firesides! Cottage Meetings! Priesthood study! $1, your name and address to: The Parents'

$2.00. All orders ppd. WRIGHT'S AFRICAN An ideal Christmas gift! Only $39.95! Columbia Institute, Inc., Subscription Dept. 50x, BergenIMPORTS, 1451 Perry Avenue, Salt Lake City 3, Research Group, 3600 Market Street, Salt Lake field, N. J.

Utah. City 4, Utah.

*Deluxe 33'/3 Gold Plate Edition $69.90.

... the merchandise shown on these pages

can be ordered direct from the companies listed. Enclose check or money order.SHOPPER

'.; ':::-:'----.

..:../:........

PLAY GUITAR. Only a few minutes a day with SAFETYSEE CAR VISOR - Effective for night

RECORDED DOCTRINE fit COVENANTS. AND to Easily NOW! or driving. adjusted day any the records 10 "Nexsus"method new on big—

The only recorded complete Doc. Cov.! 17 & driving position. impact, high of durable Made 1/3 L.P. 33 inch 12 plus RPM, charts books and

long play discs! 12 inch Easyfind section for bright plexiglas. Blue lights tone gray two actual with to don't 1,000 photos. You have

breaks! index! Complete cover! Unusual album for glare. driving sun or and in snow Amber I will read music. to teach at parties play you

Remarkable inspiring voice! postShipped and steel rain. spring Adjustable clamps. to Heavy in or perform public. three or Learn tunes four

forpaid $34.95. only Research Columbia Group, it, visor. tried car fit any have Once you you Full cost weeks. in a $34.95. few only Money

Street, Market Salt3600 City 4, Lake Utah. it. will never $4.95. without Prepaid. be Only Leis Inc., back guarantee. Studio, Dept. Gene

-E, Box 320, Manhattan Beach Blvd., ManhatRolite Mfg. Co., 4403 So. 2950 East, Salt Lake

tan Beach, California. City 17, Utah.

VIP ROCKING CHAIR from SCANDINAVIA. So GEERTSEN HEIRLOOM PORCELAIN. Treasures 1000 NAME AND ADDRE5S LABELS $1. Any 3

comfortable, so modern, yet harmonizes with of finest quality. Handcreated collectors'items Different Orders $2 ppd. Your name and adboth period and contemporary. In beechwood for the most discriminate. Perfect for gifts. dress printed on 1000 finest gummed labels.

with foam cushion, back and seat in Scandia Snow birds only $4.95 a pair plus 50c postage. Conveniently padded. Packed in FREE useful

fabrics of NorseRed or CopenBlue. Shipped The shell, approximately 6"by 8"and only plastic "Gift Box."Useful on stationery,

knocked down, assembles in minutes. Take $6.95 plus 50c postage. Both available in eggchecks, books, greeting cards, records, etc.

anywhere, always feel "at home."$79.50 shell or palest Arlington pink. Specify color. SPECIALSAVE MONEY! Any 3 Different Orshipping charges collect. Delivery approx. 30 Robbins Shop International, 14 S. Main, Salt ders $2. Ideal Gift. Agree best buy of year

days. THE GIFT HORSE & WAGON, Dept. E, Lake City, Utah. Phone EL 5-4651. or money refunded in full. HANDY LABELS,

Glen Gardner, N.J. 1070 Jasperson Bldg., Culver City, Calif.

SONGS OF TKFNOSffi* SOUTH

|f

NEW TABERNACLE CHOIR RECORD. Enjoy the

of the release Tabernacle Columbia Mormon JUICESFRESH every day! and TODAY... HER. DEERSKIN REAL HIMFOR LOAFERSFOR the of North singing Choir South: "Songs and nature's health yourImprove docway! Many in of the a loafer comfort the lazy enjoy Now 18611865."favorites like Includes timelesstors juice maintain that derived raw from real deerskin. Soft luxurious softness of and

"Dixie,"Johnny Marching "When Comes fruitsfresh for in outlight invaluable vegetables shoe, and as a strong are house enough the maintenance of good health. Onepiece, door wear. Padded insoles and split leather Home,""The Battle Cry of Freedom,"and ten

highquality, stainlesssteel cutterblade; heavy outsoles. Natural chamois beige ovry. The others. HiFi $4.98. Stereo $5.98.

fitting All tax. sizes side lacing easy. state Include 14c postage, simple makes 3%stainlesssteel basket. 2 quarts. Capacity: over

size for better or shoe Send and women. men Center, St. Record 47 So. ZCMI MainPrice: only inFor further $119.75 prepaid. trace foot. Sizes, All outline of your an

write: DIST.,formation JUICERATOR ACME or postpaid. $7.95 Women. stillMen THE OLD

4403 South 2950 East, Salt Lake City 17, Utah. MEXICO SHOP. Attn.: Shoemaker. Santa Fe,

Phone CR 7-4952. New Mexico.

.

This is the place to stay in Salt Lake City A CONVERT'S PRAYER

HOTEL UTAH BY (ToL.YDIAa Missionary)R. M1DDLETON

and MOTOR LODGE My Lord, Wherever he is today,

SWIM at the Motor Lodge IfReachdangerouttherethy handhe cannotto him,see,I pray

DINE at the beautiful new And hold him close to thee.

SKY Room, atop the hotel or the Coffee Shop Lord, do not let him falter here, or the Crossroads Restaurant For the way is rough and the chasm (Motor Lodge) wide, And the pride of men is a raging

SEE the outstanding scenic tide.

attractions nearby The rugged hills are slick and steep

And the pits men dig are dark and? YOUR CHOICE of downtown locations, deep.

adjacent to Temple Square The tempter waits just 'round the

Modern, air conditioned rooms bend

Write or phone DAvis 8-9114 for reservations To tempt his feet toward sands of

Max Dean, Manager sin.

But he'll go on, my Lord, I know.

His heart and mind have told thee so.

And when he needs thee on his way

His voice will seek thee, and he'll pray. } I tJM. {JlOOSM/lk... bring joy to your family I know sometimes he prays for me,

and friends... send your own personalized.. cfT3 irt I see I think times THE FRJENDIV For many

"PERSONAL VISIT"WAY room, tiny TO lamplight of a dim SAY.. In the PHOTOGRAPHIC

strife and surrounding from Away "S *.!..- CHRISTMAS CARDS gloom,

color snapshot! and white or your own favorite black bed, a narrow shadow of The

An open book, and a bowed head—

A kneeling figure, quiet and still.

The moonlight from the windowsill

Plays softly on the head bowed low, pale the in his prayer I hear As in FOLDERS. CHRISTMAS CARDS GREETING PHOTOGRAPHIC PHOTO SLIMLINE NEW

and Designs Colorful APPROPRIATE lampglow. Gay, size shape and card (3'/2X7"). studio popular the prints or color full your Send SENTIMENTS. negative color or white black and favorite Your own Christbeautiful in these snaps white and

photographic Kodak luxurious is a on reproduced either Kofor suitable.. perfectly folders.

greetings snaps. holiday cheerful white black with or and prints card combined and blackmasdacolor to kneels tell while he him Lord, posiFour vertical or horizontal in available designs (optional). Your imprint personal your and name own

print. on tion, your depending in sentiments designs attractive of and choice 4 pray, matching folders and prints, Prices include negayour on shape vertical horizontal depending or envelopes.

tive. low included. envelopes soft Matching and whispers in Somehow Color

Color for Extra B from (Made B & & W all the going way—thy I That am one Personal from negative (made one from fromW (made

side) Quantity or negative or slide) one(Made Print negative) Quantity one Negative) Name way—6.00 25 5.50 25 2.25

11.00 50 4.502.50 1.25 The way he prayed I'd go. 100 2.751.75 20.00 8.00 4.00 18.5010.00 50 7.00 100

For name imprint, add $1.00, any quantity. Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your Money Back.'.

order Mail your THIS. AD OFFER

of the beforesame negative.Oct. 30 andCirclewe yourwill'] enlargement WITHbeautiful at includeSPECIAL noBONUS mounted

to: negative this cash, and or ONLY.5x7order jorder mail witha check money extraand charge, ad on

Photo Mail, Box 216 ER Madison Square Sta'.,N.Y. 10, N.Y. Established over 26 years.

Be humble, bid have a decent roR YOUR respect for the dignity of your own w:lij:hii IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS position. Assume the dignity of your

SCHOOL Aids in treatment of Canker, simple calling, and don't let yourself be

LODGE! sore throat and other minor mouth overcome by timidity that will crush

IT'S EASY! IFitteGantyl IT'S FUN! and throat irritations. you down. You have been called to

10 sell 10 each members $50.00 EVERYTIME position a of to assume work, a or Fashioned Old Cocoanut do KitchenFresh of cans

can! at per $1.00 Candy Mint Creamy HALL'S to REMEDY canright size Quart a The have UP! 100% you leadership, PROFIT! and MARK

sell for $1.00! each and 50c City. group Salt Utah nisters Lake

today. cans Take 100 Order NOcost MONEY!your SEND dignity in the of your there tli0'ln< stand n:m!HBH>* name, your Give payment. to $50 send days 30 to up

of address and name address, complete and situation the in of calling command lodge, church, group, school, of officer, name title2nd express and desired, of each quantity etc., compatible i.. is cover perfectly to sent that Extras post). parcel (no nearestFREE office and Eras Bind Your only. to groups cost. open Offer shipping

VERNE COLLIER Depf. LS-1 Only $3.30 with the greatest degree of humility.

900 NORTH 19th ST. BIRMINGHAM 3, ALA.—Albert E. Bowen

770 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Keep the Children Busy

BY LEIGH HAYDEN

A busy child is a happy child! A around a vegetable plot can be a shears, and a set of them presented

happy child is a good child! And a thing of beauty to a child as well to her, to grandmother, or aunt as

good child makes for happiness in as to an adult. With your help, a a surprise gift; and they'll figure

the home! few pansy or violet or sweet alyssum out (maybe with a little help) any

Keep your child busy! As soon plants may be transplanted from number of other uses for the coloras they are able to understand, let your garden to his. And when he ful wallpaper.

them help you with little tasks goes with you to the grocery store, An inexpensive, small blackboard about the house—emptying wastelet him choose a packet or two of and some colored chalk may furnish

baskets, seeing that the dog or cat flower seeds for his garden. many hours of pleasure.

has fresh water, bringing in the Help him plant things in the A child may be given responsinewspaper from the front porch, house, either in egg shells or in bility, too. The "job"of emptying

dusting, putting the chairs in place empty milk cartons with the tops the wastebaskets might be his and around the dining table before a cut off. These containers could be his alone.

meal, and any number of other jobs. placed in a sunny window, and he While keeping him busy, you may

Make a game of it! As you work could tend to the watering of the also interject a tew lessons in kindsing together or recite Mother Goose seeds and get a thrill as little green ness, such as having him put out

rhymes or make up stories. Have sprouts appear. A few seeds may crumbs and water for the birds

your children help make the beds be dropped on a sponge kept moist when the ground is covered with and wash or dry the dishes or get in a saucer of water. snow; making little gifts, such as

them out in the sunshine with you Keeping a diary and making homemade valentines, birthday and rake leaves together—maybe scrapbooks are interesting and cards, and so forth for members of

not everyday, but occasionally. And worthwhile hobbies—and may furthe family; taking May baskets to

not in a spirit of work, but in a nish much pleasure and many laughs some lonely elderly people and sick spirit of play! They'll love it! * in the years to come. Snapshots of neighbors; getting Daddy's slippers

Doing things with somebody else family and classmates will recall for him when he comes home from is just as much fun for a child as it happy times which might otherwise work.

is for an adult, especially when that be forgotten. Original drawings, Children often become restless and

child is at a loss to know what to poems, and anecdotes will add to fidget and squirm and, yes, somedo, possibly when the older brothers the interest of the books. This is times quarrel when seated at the

and sisters are in school. a project for both parents and table at mealtime, especially beGive your children hobbies, too, children. tween the main course and dessert.

to keep them occupied. Some children enjoy making They will be thrilled with their imLet them cut pictures from old cookies. If you are too busy to portance if they are allowed to be

magazines. When they tire of this, make cookie dough for them, give "waiters"and carry the soiled dishes

suggest they paste the pictures on them several slices of fresh bread and silverware to the kitchen and sheets of cardboard. Later the and let them roll the bread thin bring the dessert (which has been

pictures may be colored with with a rolling pin, cut cookies from previously dished up in individual crayons. it with cookie cutters, place them serving dishes) back with them to

A collection of leaves, especially on a cookie tin, sprinkle with a the dining table. During this short

the beautifully colored autumn mixture of sugar and cinnamon and intermission they use up some of leaves, may be pressed and pasted place in the oven for a few minutes. their excess energy and are then

in a notebook (or even over the They'll love them—just as you like able to sit more quietly through the

printing in an old magazine). cinnamon toast! dessert.

A garden of his very own to dig Save your empty spools. Children The Boy Scout and Beehive are

in, plant what he wishes, weed, can have a wonderful time making worthwhile activities and help water, and watch grow is a wonthings from spools—also from to keep children occupied and inderful experience for a child. He clothespins. terested in the right things and in

may plant some of the squash seeds An old sample book of wallpaper the right way. There are groups

removed from the squash you are (which most wallpaper stores are for the younger children as well as preparing for dinner, or he may glad to give away) will furnish infor the older ones.

plant some of the eyes from a potato spiration, also. Some of the pictures And don't forget Sunday School!

which has begun to sprout or a may be cut out and pasted on the Keep the children busy, and they onion which has started to grow. covers of scrapbooks; place doilies will be happy, and you'll be happy,

And flowers! A border of flowers may be cut with mother's pinking too!

OCTOBER 1961 771;:.::

Are you troubled very much in If a clock proves the existence of a clockyour neighborhood with borrowing? maker and the world does not prove the

Yes, a great deal. My neighbors existence of a Supreme Architect, then

don't seem to have anything I need. I consent to be called a fool.—Voltaire

No one is useless in the world who lightNever get so busy making a living Life is the childhood of ens the burden of it to anyone else.—Dickens that you forget to make a life. our immortality.—Goethe

After several minutes struggle, the teacher finally succeeded Egotism is the art of seeing qualities in getting the six year old's galoshes on. She remarked, in yourself which others cannot see.

"They're awfully hard to get on.""Yes,"replied the child,

"that's because they aren't mine."Patiently, the teacher

pulled them off again, when the child said in a resigned The soul would have no rainbows voice, "They're my brothers, but I have to wear them."if the eyes possessed no tears.

If I have ever made any valuable discovWhere did you get the idea that swimeries, it has been owing more to patient ming is good for the figure? Did you

attention than to any other talent.—Newton ever take a good look at a whale?

A tongue twister is a group of words and About the only people who listen to both sides phrases that gets your tang all tongueled up. of an argument are the nextdoor neighbors.

The fellow who can swallow The little voice inside us a pill at a drinking founused to be conscience; now

tain deserves to get well. it's probably a pocket radio.

772 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

OPR. 1961, VAN CAMP SEA FOOD COMPANY, PACKER OF WILLAPOINT OYSTERS AND OYSTER STEW

THE NEW RECIPE ONE BRAND fillet, pressurebaked IDEA! \Jj? A UilfxjL that's all prime

our own way to protect the natural protein and flavor! For consistently high quality, make your brand White Starthe tuna with the

mermaid on the label WHITE STAR TUNABURGERS Cut 4 hamburger buns in 3 horizontal slices. Mix one 9Kounce can of

White Star tuna, 1 tbsp. chopped onion, M cup chopped celery, 1 tsp. lemon

juice and 2 tbsps. mayonnaise. Cover middle bun

slices with tuna. Mix 2 tbsps. each mayonnaise

slices; top bun on bottom Spread and catsup.

Chicken at the served Tunaburger authenticThe WHITliSTA! deckers. double slices. Make sweet pickle of with Star (White Disneyland. Pirate Ship Cove atthe Sea

is known as Chicken of the Sea in some areas) Wrap in Reynolds Wrap Heavy Duty Foil. Bake

hot. Serve F.) minutes. 15 in moderate oven (375

SIZE! TUNA''"SESSM*—FAMILY IN NEW 9VOUNCE NOW

The Face of America's Future

the world you can of tomorrow? of How America's catch a glimpse

for prepare help your children it? And of the facesYOUfutureCANin the young men

and women in our schools today. They what of your own tomorrows? What deare learning not only the skills and logic cisions should you be making now that

that will see them through the technology will make the future brighter?

of tomorrow, but they are also learning A Beneficial Life Planned Futures what has made America great... and program can help you find the financial

how we can "preserve us a nation."answers to many of these pressing proHow will your son or daughter fit into blems. Call your Beneficial Life agent.

Careers unlimited—yours to choose

education formal your completed you may find a If you have BENEFICIAL LIFE

If in serving others. you'd like, career to know highly rewarding

more about opportunities as a Beneficial Life agent, just ask the man who is one. Or write to the home office for details. Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

E1061