mm

UL f-

li:|lil;?;si:i

i *

il

pf

.: i

OctoL (95/

SHiK

*. *&*-':'-,/:

Cooking is so much easier

with a new

automatic gas range

CIZZLING, chartype steaks perfectly And something else you'll like; autocooked under the pure, live flame of matic Gas cooking requires no watching

a smokeless Gas broiler! Beautiful or waiting so you save valuable time

featherlight cakes evenly browned in an long aircirculated, kingsize Gas oven! Burnfor other things. It's thrifty too—

ers that give triggerfast cooking heat on economy. When you go "range

from slow simmer to rolling boil. Instant shopping"check these advantages firstautomatic lighting without matches. hand, and let your Gas appliance

And whole dinners ovencooked by dealer show how easy it is to own clock control. These are features the

new automatic Gas ranges have.. a brandnew, handsome Gas range

plus many more. right now.

SEE YOUR GAS APPLIANCE DEALER,

PLUMBER, CONTRACTOR OR MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY am

r Delicious/ Different!

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS. JR.

A delicate, golden brown, Cobalt has now been shown to proslightly salted and flavorduce the same increase in fattening rate of hogs that has been found ful, they're so good you in sheep and cattle. Diets with other

can't quit eating them!trace minerals—manganese, iodine,

iron, and copper, as well as cobalt, cause an even greater increase. Perfect with soups and

salads... wonderful with

B readdon'tpanshavecoatedto be withgreased,siliconeandresinthe spreads.

bread comes out easily.

npwo new elements, the heaviest * known, have been created in the cyclotron. Number ninetyseven has

been named berkelium and number ninetyeight californium. Only ninetytwo elements are found in nature.

Tl pples have been matured as much ** as thirty days earlier with the aid of a new synthetic plant hormone, 2, 3, 5-T.

TV metal which shrinks instead of ** expands with heating has been discovered as a byproduct of polonium.

rpERRAMYCiN is a new antibiotic drug.

* It is active against whooping cough, pneumonia, gas gangrene infections, postirradiation infections, scrub typhus, Q fever, Rocky Mountain spotted fever, rickettsialpox, amebiasis, and possibly influenza.

TA NEW icebreaking ferryboat, the ** Abegweit, has been built to cut through the ice floes up to twenty feet thick in Northumberland Strait between Prince Edward Island and New

Brunswick in Canada. This allwelded

dieselelectric ship has two of its four propellers located near the bow, to suck out water from under the ice and cause the floes to weaken under pressure of their own weight.

researchand darknesson thewhichamountplantsof needlight for maximum results has found that the poinsettia should have about ten hours of light and fourteen hours ofdarkness. Too much light prevents purity TOIM House Crackers

its blooming. By changing the days'

it islength, also possible to grow PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Pocatello Phoenixonions from to seed seed without producing the onion itself.

OCTOBER 1951 689 BROWN OCTOBER P

T am writing this column on the warm, By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

humid evening of August 6, nearly two months before you, the readers Head of Political Science Department, (if any there be), see these lines in University of Utah print. The editors want something

lively, of current interest, capable of for of mankind's interpretation the era from the to and to school back work in and which improvement work we of the pressure weekend, Labor Day

I enusually dwell. Accordingly,

deavor to select a large theme, indicarising prices, plus whatever the Korean situation have produced, may may swell, that will tive slow ground of a interesting to something done still interest or "break"have some by have the time the magazine is in print. Somethe "guard."

times events of more than passing interest will bear comment months and years after their occurrence. But this

month, I'm going to share a few obWhether or not Mr. Mossadegh and

servations as they occur to me on this the Iranian Majlis (parliament) have summer night, and then endeavor to come to terms with the AngloIranian relate them as they, in turn, will or Oil Company and the British governmay strike you in the crisp day's of ment, may have pushed Korea far into brown October. For both of us, they limbo by the time October conferencePROTECTION represent the phenomena of these adjourns. As a footnote, we may have

times; the events through had something of a leswhich we move towards son in whether sauce

destiny. (nationalization) for the

British goose, is also ALUMINUM COMBINATION DOORS sauce (nationalization)

Alumatic aluminum doors are a for the Iranian gander, permanent improvement! Screen and how, or in what

or storm panels quickly slip into The effort to arrange measure.

a strong aluminum frame that the ceasefire in Korea on headline news was never needs repairs! PAT PENO. 6, 1951. August How

do Korea and Asia look to you tonight? To me, it seemed Potpourri: Footballs filling the air

quite obvious that Mr. Truman's adwill remind some that in August, ninety

ministration was most anxious to clear cadets at West Point were suspended

ALUMINUM includin examinations, for cheating into the election go matter up and the COMBINATION the academy's football most of of hot ing bite bitter the without year STORM AND discipline the (provided This team. SCREEN reflects funda- a WINDOWS of which war—all

fuel save by insulatthat have carried all out and has nabeen we of leaders If the truth: mental

entire wining the finish Hollywoodlike a spared been periodpeoples their to face tions had opening! dow

forwere boys"dismissal the plus WGoodGuaranteedHousekeepingby ''* FHA terms icallybe forcedfor a toreturnconsiderto power,policiesthey inmightthe ingiven,whichafterthetears),"poor ti'JtoftfnfOt1 light (or the darkness) which those of Brigadier General D. J. Crawford

peoples reflect. How brightly is your as commander of the Detroit tank

For Complete Information light shining this October day, and arsenal, will have suggested that moral in survives discipline the United States (General intent? Macwhat CALL or WRITE with its in a envelopment still army, despite be will probably candle Arthur's

sputtering and not completely faded.) society either overtolerant or overpastel mink coats, of royal informedQnMdaJtionA Qnc. busi- "influence deepfreezes, and the

1349 S. Main Salt Lake City, Utah ness."We will regret that ninety of

Phone 844393 I should think that by the time these the select youth of the land may have words reach you, the pressure between had to suffer because of their elders'contemporaries'of mateworship and will have rearmament prices and INC. rising in gladiatorial delight Saturday rINSULATIONS, effects. interesting On some produced Main South 1349 inthe land of Kefauver rialcombat—in told been City, Utah shall have Salt Lake hand, the one we

that vestigations. But hope may we guard not let our must cannot and information complete send Please

(I sacrifice their presume and sorrow Doors and WinCombination Alumatic increased will this mean on down—andwe dows. us, touch sorrow) there has been may at for arms, spending home government

ironic, course, It is, of high and low. Acheson's fate of Mr. and abroad. The NAME will that athletic scandals more draw for billions twentyfive of suggestion

ADDRESS. rearming American allies, in addition public attention than the memorial

to our own establishment, will have service for young little Private Jones been part of this story. And, as the who got caught by a sniper's bullet

J people of America come streaming {Concluded on page 767) 690 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WASHES EVERYTHING

atutMd&tffomhad/

There's only one "proof of the pudding"when you buy washing products. That's to try them

... at home... with your

own wash. Compare... feel

your FELSOclean clothes.

Try FELSO. You'll see

that gentle justright suds give you the freshest, most fragrant, sweetestsmelling wash. Did you

ever see whiter sheets and shirts... brighter,

more colorful prints?

Did you ever feel softer, fluffier laundry... or

any so easy to iron?

And how soft and smooth your hands are after you use FELSO.

OCTOBER 1951 691 L/ffictat \Jraan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, IMPROVEMENT MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF "THE ERAVOICE OF THE CHURCH

Jke Lshurcn of

of cJLatteyaau ->alnti r*-> n-> r-J VOLUME 54 NUMBER 10 OctoLr 195/

Editors: DAVID O. McKAY - JOHN A. WIDTSOE - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Manuscript Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT - Research Editor: ALBERT L.

ZOBELL, JR. - "Today's Family"Editor: BURL SHEPHERD

Contributing Editors: ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT - G. HOMER DURHAM

FRANKLIN CLAUDES. HARRIS,B. PETERSENJR. - HUGHSIDNEYNIBLEY B.- SPERRYLEE A. PALMER Jhe Lo ver

General Manager: ELBERT R. CURTIS - Associate Manager: BERTHA S. REEDER

Business Manager: JOHN D. GILES - Advertising Director: VERL F. SCOTT

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR CRATER LAKE AND PHANTOM

SHIP

This spectacular photograph of Crater

Lake and Phantom Ship is the work of

The Editor's Page Sumner from Monkmeyer. From Kerr

Notch, Oregon, the photograph was "And the Tongue Is A Fire"David Ch McKay 701 taken, looking southwest over the lake, lying in the center of an extinct volcano, to Garfield Peak in the southwest.

Church Features Evidences and Reconciliations: CLIX—What is Science?...

John A. Widtsoe 702

The World of the Jaredites—Part II Hugh Nibley 704

The Ship "Brooklyn"A, William Lund 708

OFFICES BUSINESS AND Virgin Elsie F. Parton 719 EDITORIAL TheAustralia—ABook of Doctrine & Covenants A* C. Lambert 714 Field—Genealogy

Street Main 50 North Attempts to Prove The Book of Mormon ManMade

Francis W. Kirkham 726 Y.M.M.I.A. Offices, 50 North Main St.

The Church Moves On 696 NoLiquor-Tobacco Column 746 Y.W.M.I.A. Offices, 40 North Main St.

Melchizedek Priesthood 746 Presiding Bishopric's Page 748 Salt Lake City 1, Utah

Copyright 1951 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a CorporaSpecial Features tionAssociationof the ofYoungthe ChurchMen's Mutualof JesusImprovementChrist of

Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subin foreign year, advance; price, $2.50 a

in year, advance; a "I Am The Way"...Sam M, Meeks 707 scriptionsubscriptions, $3.00 Ricks College—Idaho's Latterday Saint School Joyce May 710 single copy. 25c

The Challenge of the Maya Mystery John L. Sorenson 712 Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah,

for mailing Acceptance matter. secondclass as Through the Eyes of Youth—Choice at the Crossroads in section for provided of special rate postage at -.Theron Folsom 713 July authorized 1917, of October 1103, Act

The Importance of Teaching Iris Brown 718 1918. 2,

Jacob Hamblin '........Louise Lee Udall 720 ThesolicitedImprovementmanuscripts,Era butis notwelcomesresponsiblecontributions.for unThe Spoken Word from Temple Square All manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient

Richard L> Evans 732 t 736, 740, 744, 764 postage for delivery and return.

Exploring the Universe, Franklin A Honey of a Story 756

S. Harris, Jr 689 Keep Color in Mind, Louise Change of Address

These Times, Brown October, G. Price Bell 757 Fifteen days'notice required for change of adinclude please change, a ordering dress. When Milk 690 Evaporated Has Durham Many Homer

of slip the issue magazine. recent from a address - -.758 694 Letter Uses Open An old unless the be cannot changes made Address

.....722 Storage Foods the Bookrack is included. well as one the On as new 760 address

Today's Family..Burl Shepherd Handy Hints—763

A Simple Knitting Box..'..—.756 Your Page and Ours 768

National Advertising Representatives

Stories, Poetry EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Second Wind......Joyce Knudsen 716 San Francisco,Russ BuildingCalifornia

JrL Peterson 723 Prayer William Quickstep's Timothy. Farrell Collect R. Bullets. Pencil Lead 724 EDWARDHENRYS. TOWNSENDG. ESCHEN,COMPANY

Blvd. 1324 Wilshire Christie Chrysanthemum, H. Frontispiece, Lund Barren Hill, Jane California 17, Angeles Los

711 Coles -. 699 Merchant ASSOCIATES SANGSTON AND 727 SADLER Scene, S. H. Dewhurst Smokeh

-.. 342 Ave. Madison Poetry Page Son, to Missionary Her Mother 700 A Y. 17, N. York New Philippians 4:8, Thoughts On 730 Mildred Tenney Handy

Elaine V. Emans. 706 Escape Artist, Ivan J. Collins 745 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

692 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA fj** "Ofmaking many books there is no end.

True, there is no end in sight, while the restless, unappeasable, inquiring minds of men demand ideas, experiences, inspiration.

Since the wartime restrictions on paper and publishing were relaxed, we, a relatively small publisher, have issued editions of new and reprintings of old favorite books totaling one million, one hundred seventeen thousand, five hundred (1,117,500) and in addition have sold more than a half million books of other publishers, in the biggest book selling era of our history:

These are our postwar releases:

of new books SWEET LOVE REMEMBER'D $2.75 STORIES FROM THE BOOK OF MORMON 2.00

THE CHURCH IN WAR AND PEACE 1.00 AN UNDERSTANDABLE RELIGION-(Out of Print)*

FRUITS OF RELIGION 1.75 BRIGHAM YOUNG AT HOME 2.75

A STORY TO TELL 2.50 WITNESSES OF THE BOOK OF MORMON 2.25

TRUTH AND THE MASTER'S TOUCH 2.00 FAITH PROMOTING STORIES..... 1.25

HOW THE DESERT WAS TAMED 1.50 PAHUTE INDIAN LEGENDS 1.75

MORMON MIRACLE 50 RECREATIONAL SONG BOOK 1.50

L.D.S. HYMN BOOK 1 50 KNIGHT OF THE KINGDOM 2.25

THE CHILDREN SING 1.25 CHRISTIANITY THROUGH THE CENTURIES 2.50

SCOUTING FOR THE MORMONS ON THE GREAT FRONTIER 2.00 BLAZING THE PIONEER TRAIL.25

SERVICES SERMONS MISSIONARY AND 1.75 AND A WONDER MARVELOUS WORK A

J. MELVIN OF 2.75 BALLARD 175 TIMES PROPHECY MODERN AND FUNDAMENTALS 1.50 RELIGION OF 1.75... RELIGION DIVIDENDS GREATER FROM FUNDAMENTALS OF 50 CONDUCTING 1-75 DECISION FATAL BE (Out of Print)* TO WELL HOW

2.00 ARE ONE YOU TWO NOW SMITH, JOSEPH THE 3.50 PROPHET

JOSEPH, THE PROPHET 1.75 EXODUS TO GREATNESS 3.00

EZRA T. BENSON 3.00 THE MORMON 1.00

UNDER THE MIDNIGHT SUN 2.00 SHARING THE GOSPEL WITH OTHERS,- 2.50

OUR FAMILY THROUGH THE YEARS $5.00, by Mail 5.25 ON THE WAY TO IMMORTALITY AND ETERNAL LIFE 3.50

of old books in perennial demand

BOOK OF MORMON VITALITY OF MORMONISM -- 2.50

MISSIONARY EDITION $1.25 ARTICLES OF FAITH

(CASH AND CARRY) 1.00 MISSIONARY EDITION 1.50

LIBRARY EDITION REGULAR (10 POINT TYPE) 2.00 LIBRARY EDITION 2.00

LARGE TYPE (FAMILY) (12 POINT TYPE) 3.00 LEATHER, - 6.00

ILLUSTRATED DELUXE FOLKS EDITION YOUNG JESUS, THE CHRIST 4.00 "A VOICE THE DUST"FROM 3.00 LIBRARY DOCTRINE COVENANTS AND 7.00 LEATHER LIBRARY 1.75 EDITION

LARGE TYPE (FAMILY) (12 POINT TYPE) COMBINATION REFERENCE 75

WITH PEARL OF GREAT PRICE 3.00 TO THEM OF THE LAST WAGON 75

PEARL OF GREAT PRICE RATIONAL THEOLOGY (Out of Print)*

LIBRARY EDITION 85 PROGRAM OF THE CHURCH 2.00

TRIPLE COMBINATION (ALL THREE IN ONE) PRIESTHOOD AND CHURCH GOVERNMENT 2.50

10 POINT TYPE 7.50 A SKEPTIC DISCOVERS MORMONISM 1.75

LARGE TYPE 12.00 DISCOURSES OF BRIGHAM YOUNG 3.00

(Leather bound, gold edges, Bible paper) MORAL TEACHINGS OF THE NEW TESTAMENT 1.50

HOLY BIBLE (CAMBRIDGE) RESTORED CHURCH 3.00

L.D.S. MISSIONARY EDITION WITH NEW TESTAMENT SPEAKS 2.75

READY REFERENCE, CONCORDANCE AND DICTIONARY KEY TO THEOLOGY 1.50

MB1 7.50 PIONEER STORIES 1.75

MB2 13.00 INSPIRATIONAL TALKS 1.75

MB3 11.00 and 12.00 MISSIONARY EXPERIENCES 1.75

MB4 13.00 GOSPEL QUOTATIONS 1.75

DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS COMMENTARY 5.00 PRESIDENTS OF THE CHURCH 3.50

DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS CONCORDANCE 3.00 FROM BABEL TO CUMORAH 2.25

OUTLINES OF ECCLESIASTICAL HISTORY 2.25 TEACHINGS OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH 2.75

NEW WITNESS FOR GODVOL. 1 2.25 GOSPEL DOCTRINE 3.00

WORD OF WISDOM 2.75 STORY OF L.D.S. HYMNS '2.50

J. GOLDEN KIMBALL 3.50 JOSEPH SMITH, AN AMERICAN PROPHET 3.50

DOCUMENTARY HISTORY OF THE CHURCH BRIGHAM YOUNG, THE MAN AND HIS WORK 2.50

VOLS. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 $2.50 per Volume, Set $15.00 ESSENTIALS IN CHURCH HISTORY 3.00

temporarily **Eeclesiastes 12:12. Ask our dealers throughout the Intermountain West

DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 EAST SOUTH TEMPLE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

All prices are subject to change without notice.

I OCTOBER 1951 693 Dear Fellow Church Member, But, even so, you wouldn't sit tell "It serves you me, and AN OPEN LETTER back 6417"eep all the truth you have and If idea that right."any had you

IV then let us explain some of the where reverence is of supreme imyou could be the person to make a things that have been reportance. sweet young girl decide whether

vealed to the Prophet Joseph Smith My thoughts went back to my or not she would become interested that will make your life richer,"was former bishop in another state, who in our Church, you would not hesibars played of music few has a that Presidentthe approach Smith would know what action last the while "Amen,"not to peoplemade of our faith. As after the tate—youyou must take.

he repeated that statement in genfull congregation remains silently eral conference, I saw myself sayseated, to the time when he told the I am trying to piece together the ing it to the girl my son intends to story of his father's refusal to begroundwork that will sometime soon marry and asking myself, "Would come a member of the Church. Evilead my son's fiancee to the Taberthere be any chance to make her dently converted by his wife, and nacle or to one of our chapels. I

believe that we could show her the willing to support his son on a misbelieve that in the nottoo-distant way to make her life richer?"sion, he still refused to become a future she will choose to attend one

live services. doesn't of our She actions of too the because member Next, I saw would what happen she not where in Utah; I do know in keeping not were members many

five later, minutes closing the when will to go. wherever But choose the teachings of the with Church.song was announced. Yes, it hapit Without condoning his father's atmay be, I need your cooperation. Ipened. the Before announcement speaking to you, to each member titude, finished story am the my bishopof complete, the song was of the wherever you Church, may saying, keeping was "Somebody the exobydus had begun—the rushing for my father out of the Church."be. When at last she decides to

doors, the complete breaking up, at And then he asked the congregajoin us in worship, please do not let least at the rear of the Tabernacle, tion, "Are you keeping anyone out her feel the lack of anything upliftof the spirit of the meeting, of the of the Church?"Since then I have ing that she has known in her own

inspiring impromptu address that asked myself that question many church. Please remember to be

President Smith had just delivered. times. Probably sometime I have reverent. Please don't keep my

I visualized her sitting there bekept someone out of the Church lovely daughterin-lawto-be out of side me. But would I ever dare I hope it wasn't permanently. I am the Church.

even to ask her to sit beside me? probably to blame for my son's

Hopefully yours,She would be horrified—she who willingness to marry outside the

had been brought up in a church Church. A mother

FR"tUL&

when you FLY oj FRONTIERAIRLINES to the GENERAL CONFERENCE You Have More Time There Less Time Away From Home

Four flights in and out of Salt Lake City daily.

Connecting with all transcontinental airlines.

Frontier RESERVATIONS: agents?C\\V are located in all cities shown 3S

"'''"'* {i on the map. Or, call your travel agency.

FRONTIER AIRLINES SERVING THE R O C K Y M O U N T A I N EMPIRE 694 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Help your child win success with the

EncyclopediaWforld Book The extra advantages your child 10 parents report it has helped their gets at home can mean the differchildren get better school marks in ence between success and failure in an amazingly short time.

school and, later, in life. One proved

way to give your child these vital Act now to discover the wonderful advantages is by owning the redifference that owning the fascinatmarkable World Book Encyclopedia. ing, easyto-use World Book can

make in your child's life. Find out,

Not only is the World Book first too, how much your whole family choice of America's schools and liwill enjoy World Book and gain braries, it is praised by thousands benefits that can't be measured in of parents as well. In fact, 9 out of money.

of A mpripo's CfVmr1c finH More World Books are purchased annually than any other encyclopedia in America

for booklet, free of valuable your copy today Write "How

Address Success."Mr. B. K.libraries for more than 30 years FREE to Your Child Help Win

Ask any teacher or librarian BOOKLET! ard, World Book, Dept. 1240, Box 5968, Chicago 80,How111.

Name

Address..

City.StateOGTOBER 1951 695

.

THE CHURCH MOVES ON

Y. M. M. I. A. enrolment 86,875 1m Plans were announced in Los

July 1951 Y. W. M. I. A. enrolment 100,915 * Angeles for the expansion of the

Stake and ward leaders 38,830 L. D. S. seminary program for high

Ojj A letter went from the First During the 195051 Mutual year school students there. The program

Presidency requesting that each there were: was begun in the fall of 1950. This

of the 345 quorums of seventy make Ward and department socials.. 32,575 year twentyfive classes will be offered

available at least three of their memWard dances -....:. 19,604 in various wards near the high schools.

bers to receive calls to the mission Drama presentations 4,057 field. seventies, stories, commisThe whose addresses, Public

five of series first of a 1 The ission to gospel,"the will "preach 24,165 readings debates, and -*- in "I. held institutes was A. M.replace the missionaries first completIt the that now announced was M folfor the chapel Lincoln the Warding their missions. of Because Scroll went Achievement the MenGleaner area: Salt Lake of the stakes lowingdraft, these cannot replaced be men (Utah) First to Hyrum Ward, Hyrum Millcreek, East Davis, Bonneville, other youngby men. for Stake, having than more HighGrant Granite, Riverside, East

all of five persons of percent MenMseventy- Liberty, Hillside, land, Monument 9 C Mrs. Winnifred C. Jardine and Gleaner age in the ward active, Park, Park, Pioneer, Riverside, Salt

reMrs. Larson C. were Ann Salt Lake, South Davis, South Lake, America's pageant annual Aleased as of the The members Young Wells, House, Sugar Summit, South Christ begun Witness was for Mutual Improvement AsWomen's will institutes be The Murray. and

at Hill the Palmyra, Cumorah,sociation general New board. stake conventhe in place of the given

first this night York. Attendance on

situated are stakes tions where many pagtwenty-five thousand. The for the P. was Parley9 A Landscaping other. each near fixed is event, dates yearly with eant a Pratt near Park Memorial Van of collected songs of library The that the of so the dark with moon,Buren, the Arkansas, Apostle where Gates late Bowen Lucy Emma floodlighting will be the outof-doors following buried his assassinathewas of University Utah to the given was effective. mosttion in 1857, began.

library by her husband, Elder Albert diLeadership Canadian Week, the of Council the of Bowen O. E. Mrs. President and Davidrected University Brigham by Young in Earlier the Brigham week Twelve. and arrived in Palmyra McKayfaculty at members, began Raymond, her library received University Young thirty people thousand joined the who

ItAlberta. 3. continued through August varoratorio, collection of opera, and the of presentation second saw the

L. R. Ivins, president of the second Book of Mormon pageant. ious other music.

quorum of elders in Yale Ward.

Bonneville (Salt Stake, City) Lake persons forty 1 thousand 1 Nearly of the copies 1 bound O Plastic first the AllChurch golf tournawon of final the performance saw anof were Book Mormonment. at meet the The was played at Hill Christ, America's Witness for plastic pliable nounced. The new links.Fort Douglas Cumorah. stitched, rather than is glued cover

Primary Associations throughout the and the book is printed on a slightly

Church marked the seventythird andifferent stock of paper. These econAugust 1951 niversary of the founding of that oromies will permit copies to be sold by

ganization. missionaries again for fifty cents each.

Stake conference sessions began toof the observance L. Ross Covington Elder The centennial 9 was after the usual sixtomorrow, day and ** of set apart the SwissGerman establishment missionary as a while period. vacation week

acting as a chaplain in the armed Mission of the Church was held on forces following the day at Logan, F. Merrill and of by Elder Joseph 1 Richards this Stephen President 9 L

is of thethe Council of the Dr. Utah. A. Widtsoe Twelve. John *- He dedicated Presidency the First "of

the tenth L. D. S. chaplain now servthe chapel of the Thirteenth Ward, Council of the Twelve represented the

ing in the armed forces. The others University (Salt Lake City) Stake. General Authorities. Other speakers

are Theodore E. Curtis, Jr., Warren Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the were Elders Walter Stover and Jean

Richard Nelson, Timothy J. Irons, Council of the Twelve dedicated the Wunderlich, former presidents of GerLeon H. Flint, Lyman C. Berrett, Kay chapel of the Rawlins Branch, Lyman man speaking missions. Music was

Schwendimann, William H. Green. ( Wyoming ) Stake furnished by the twohundred-voiceLawrence Rast, and Grant Mann. German L. D. S. Choir of Salt Lake

Chaplain Mann is serving in the air An allday testimony meeting was City and the Eidelweiss Swiss Chorus, force; the others are with the army. held in the Sacred Grove by the misalso of Salt Lake City.

sionaries of the Eastern States Mission. The meeting was attended by

r President Stephen L Richards President and Mrs. David O. McKay. | A Elder Julius B. Papa was ad-

"of the First Presidency dedicated vanced from second to first the chapel of the Edmonton (Alberta) 1 9 The genealogical society of the counselor and Elder Wilbur F.

Branch, Western Canadian Mission. Church opened its doors after Mills was sustained as second coun-

a summer recess in which they had selor to President Harry E. McClure

O Statistics announced by the moved into a new addition to their of the Gridley (California) Stake.

Mutuals showed that on June 1, building at 80 North Main Street, Elder Loren A. Stoddard was released

1951 there were: Salt Lake City 1, Utah. as first counselor.

696 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Why Do People Write These Why the fumihfReiulinij Qllh Offers

Wonderful Letters About OF THESE J

Family Club?-,!—The Reading AJkHUF great new 1 i m 4 mm WITH the are hunfew of a but f0R 0HlY BOOKS MfMBIRSHIP HERE letters enthusiastic dreds of #4lllvl v

has the Reading Club Family which its received These members! from just is what Club Family Reading in the way. any objectionable books three arcof wonderful to the accept invited any you straight hearts the of peoYi:s. from came brings you the Club below, for! how Read, looking have been the in you with for this pajo: membership only $1.89, on shown

fine to to ple are a belong proud who coupon the prices. mail Then bargain finest at very hooks the new books select distribute to and Founded Club. Reading Family

clean, that book, club delay! brings without want, them you books three the get the to join and Club without being entertaining interesting, worthwhile, are and which

wholesome books of genuine literary merit at bargain prices—books that

are without sensationalism, yet delightful to read! Why don't you, too,

join this great family of book lovers while the Family Reading Club offer explained below is still open?

"An Enriching Experience""My two years'membership in the

Family Reading Club has been an selections enriching experience soulsatisfying."—been have Mrs.

Theo A. Goodrich, Denver, Colo.

Thornd ikeBarn hart LOOK YOUNGER, LIVE LONGER CREATIVE HOME DECORATING "Uplifted and Entertained"DESK DICTIONARY By Cayelord Hauser By The Rockows for stepby-step methods is effective Mr. Complete in last, of volume at book. really one Concomprehensive commost Here, "The way A

in home. your real is wonders working for literature lifelong bating illustrations, to supplan poor 'amazing 700 tains 80,000 Hauser's

fullcolor 41 "dem500 illustrations, it the written, plant through health with wholesome, modern, pages. strength youth, and Newlyentries, 900

charts, etc. Pubonstration rooms", inspiring as type such those everybooks diet. exciting Life, in book featured accurate. Recently proper An

edition, $4.95. lisher's you your members. Thanks ed., $3.00. read. Publisher's edition, $2.75. Pub. should one

it for possible spirto makingoffer be itually uplifted tained by good asreadingwell as"enterMrs.

Ray Satterfield, El Paso'. Illinois.

"Purchased Every Selection""Only twice did I ever miss any of your monthly selections, and then

I ordered them later because they all were so good."Miss Gladys

N Dean, New fork, N. Y.

"Started Church Library"started library have a Church "We THE GREAT OPERAS OF Complete Book MAGIC STORIES of with of GARDEN the wonderful WANTED my copies FARM

Cross Milton By I E. Biles selections received have By Roy from Train Wiles Helen the By

everyFamily Club. all Reading aria, action, to elimto every the all Contains Hilles Now need dreaded Here's years you Mrs. know ago,

in has the community one an of stories the of enjoy 72 the inate guesswork, the complete This and quiet country opFifteenthe of read to wonderful my operatic methods, bestloved dramas. world's garden dreams she becameis of your story of delightful Newto theA

Arndt, Frank; Oakshort-cuts. hundreds richlyrewarding pages! years of for loved new 334 in spite book a farmer of portunitybooks."—Mrs.

ville. Tenn. of drawings. edition, howto-doit study. Publisher's $3.75. herself—andhowlife.ed., $3.00. the Pub. experience!

"Wonderful Bonus Books""I can hardly resist the temptation to order every one of your fine selections and it seems lately that you are doing even better than before in that respect. The Bonus

Books are of such a character that sometimes I wonder how you can afford such fine and expensive extras, and we already know that we have our money's worth in the monthly selections."Rev. Cecil

A- Baker. Memphis, Tenn.

"Suitable for Daughters"SEWING MADE EASY THE GREATEST STORY EVER TOLD SON OF A HUNDRED KINGS "As a young mother I am deBy Mary Lynch By Fulton Oursler By Thomas B. Costain

lighted and knowto belongin advanceto yourthat club,each Showsand remodelyou howclothesto cut,likesew,a profesfinish Asublimereverent,storyfaithfulof Jesus,retellingbringingof Himthe Thisof the famousnineties—ofauthora sixyearweaves olda storyboy,

will suitable present be book you lives friends entwined relatives or those follow, were complete, whose to full and for to read."daughters my close to the shortcuts. illusimportant; and His excitingly modthe ideas! Easy Mrs, sionalof with 1000 most and becomes howleft withouthe

L. Ste. Sault Marie, Ray, Onf. reader. Publisher's $2.95. edition, edition, trations. ern Publisher's $3.00. ed., in Pub, town. person $3.95,

mail coupon nowi OFFER! THIS SENSATIONAL MAKE WEWHY

this Books Club makes Reading Family Free "Bonus"The THREE THE CHECK BOOKS YOU WANT offer distributes demonstrateunusual to a how Club memReading Family The IN CLUB FAMILY WITH MEMBERSHIP READING THE in best four the the you Clubbership Club free for each Book "Bonus"will at Dept. enjoyable books books take. most newbrings FAMILY CLUB, muchand MINEOLA, These 10ER, READING YORK you NEW

retail of editions!less excelpublishers'the standards than high Club selectionsmeet the Please three books the send once checked have me ThorndlkeBarnhart | to are invited writing publishers interest, and superior monthEach first at right the as Gift two IBooks and Membership will believe the Dictionary Desk they can books meetsubmit you subject matter—and lence,wholesome mybillat selection, delivery) for only (plus | and $1.89 me standards. at this Reading library Club OurFamily build fine a way home up all enroll three. Also as of the a Family member me it Look Younger, selects the Editors of of books then bookBoard purchase expense. extra The no Reading Club each send me, and review of month, a enthusiastically Live to $1.89 each—incan for most only Longer recommend the from Club the selection. I Club's privilege forthcoming the have

retail every regular are which books publishers'Thesemembers. of the stead if of notifying I in to you accept advance do not wish I Creative Home to your can read—books family youmember of of $4.00—saves to $2.50 23% selection, or alternate offered—the any at special book retained pleasure,to dollars. read the with Decorating and when of be book And your prices35% price of members'only (plus each postage and j

in, pride.in library figured with of Books the value Bonus home. handling) are fees, There dues $1.89membership or no and Farm Wanted isas 50%! actually as save much you I You To Membership Means Whatyour accept as selections J four or alternates as few may

is for Join in There no charge Money—Send membership No the twelve during Now I will months. coming As a member, Complete of Book J will in believe cost club which the Club If a Family beyondthe book free Reading receive you a Bonus selecBook four with each Club

Garden Magic of instincts finest themselves. only every to the pay books tionsof the You alternates or I accept.

let$1.89 (plus us family, postage introduce each handling) and of your appealmember [""] Stories Complete of, afterfor reading purchase Club Family the the books to Reading you you NOW, Mr. the Great J Operas will of choice get review magazinethe your book can which you ANY Mrs...

is to It described not of the your books each wonderful month.come home whileTHREE Miss (Please print) I Sewing Easy Made every to a here your Membership purchase book—as two FREE

first selection as as four Gift, accept as Club one few yournecessarymonth—you and may Street No.. and J The Greatest Story for All $12.65 only year total to aseach G retain as value membership. your high—a

Ever Told couwell- theselections mail just $1.89! complete, are money, Send f new, no

offer City...Zone this unusualprinted as today. State wellbound. books your However, pon and And of Son a Hundred jwill if urge time,, the at delivered withdrawn any to Age, be we price door be your may by Canada: 2 "1 Bond KSame Kings In inonly Offer the good TorontoCanada. St.and 21. to mail 105U.S.A. read! the you coupon Under J topostman—ready NOW!

FAMILY READING CLUB MINEOLA, NEW YORK.!

OCTOBER 1951 697 NEW BOOKS IMPORTANT! IMPRESSIVE!

"In our many years of publishing, our FallWinter 1951 list of titles is the most important and impressive that we have ever released at one time."

Marvin W. Wallin, General Manager, Bookcraft

BOOK of MORMON STORIES for YOUNG LATTERDAY SAINTS By EMMA MARR PETERSEN

This is the companion book to "Bible Stories for Young II

Latterday Saints"—last

years'biggest "Best Seller."

Here are the bestknown and bestloved stories of the Book of Mormon, told in the simple, easy style that children quickly grasp, understand and learn—

stories that are factual, teaching the truth of God and his people, and holding fast to the spirit of the Book of Mormon itself.

JOSEPH EVIDENCES and SMITH RECONCILIATIONS SEEKER AFTER TRUTH PROPHET OF GOD By Dr. John A. Widtsoe

By Dr. John A. Widtsoe

VOLUME III of A Treatise Dealing With

THIS VITAL SERIES the Accomplishments of the Prophet Between the covers of this third volume, you will find the same pleasure and knowledge The answer to the question: "Was Joseph

that you discovered in Dr. Widtsoe's two earlier Smith a prophet of God?"can be answered

"Evidences and Reconciliations."You will only in an honest and prayerful study of what

want this third volume to complete your lihe taught and did. Here, with convincing evibrary to date—and, if you have a loved one dences of the truth of his claims, Dr. Widtsoe

you would like to introduce to this series, what gives you the story of Joseph Smith—the result

finer Christmas gift than all three volumes? of more than three years labor, told in unforgettable style.

BOOK of MORMON COMMENTARY ESdin Ricks By Containing the full text of First Nephi At Your Book Dealers or Order Direct From with a verseby-verse explanation—ideal for

the firsttime reader; perfect for Study

Groups, Fireside and Cottage meetings, and

Missionaries in the field. This is the first

sixvolume projected of a volume series, BOOKCRAFT1186 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAH entire covering the Mormon. Book of $2

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA698 Barren Hill

nce there was beauty on this barren hill.

A tree stood here and wrestled with the sky.

Angry and stubborn, challenging the weather,

It battled for its being with a wry,

Tenacious wrath against all easy living,

Against all pliant, yielding ways of life.

It fought the rain. It struggled with the storm.

It beat against the wind with swirling strife.

Almost it made its native earth a foe,

Scorning the scanty sustenance it drew

From rocky contradiction. Friendless and free,

Fed by its own integrity it grew.

A lightning stroke defeated it. The blaze

Shriveled the sky as the fierce flame descended.

Now bland suns beam upon the barren tree,

And there is only peace, with beauty ended.

/jane J4.

ere,hani

—Photograph by

Eva Luoma

OCTOBER 1951 699 RIVER AT MY WINDOW HALLOWE'EN AUTUMNGOLD

By Dorothy J. Roberts By Lloyd C. Lewis By Inez Sheldon Tyler

the liquid from tones, "Car the roar castribute to St. Vincent Millay) (A is Edna night black, 'TThe witches and prowl *- cading barricaded -* Beyond room; my the Over stream bed, sloping suddenly, springsilver loved you when A lthough Their stealthy steps whispering and

I listen to different, a stronger current the leaves ** Forewarn of impending doom. me

find lifted in the And peace to sound me. the shape Take bough, loved upon yet you

best fate cruel devised, they have What is river the racingWide past window, my autumngold nature interweaves The when I ransom must pay, What River of sound the which grooves liveliest. tapestries, Rich Persian earth's their them make quiet To mount brooms and ride night; for salty yearned sea with You days winds In search of other prey?

is Swift river the on the gray macadam blowing,

Pierced hill; friendly Yet cherished every Berkshire last, a with sirens, flecked with colored At knocking at my door! light; color at all but cry with They your going, of It brooks no delay,

aflame, though standing calm and Their faces leer gruesome at me, Gilded, steel River of carries which living cargo, still. "It's trick or treat,"say. they

grim, toGay or retreat. desired some

is Vital the torrent is rest where my beauty, of faring, Lover with perhaps worn they troop parlor, Then into my pillowed, of life, of dreams the harp upon Weaver they delight, giggle with And flows foodWhere hunger, safe to our and that the I fill world hold Know would you their bags treasure with When fleet. is close caring; kiss each And one goodnight.

Men have loved the sound of rushing Dawn'slong eagernessstrife... and. noonday's headwaters, Too vivid blooming on a tortured stem....

Have found lost slumber at the swift Merge tranquil, lulled by evening's restream's edge, quiem

Have shed their weariness beside its thunder Or known joy, hearing waves among the HARVEST FIELDS sedge.

By Florence Jansson But I have loved the city's vein of traffic,

Coursing unmuted by a grim command, HPhe harvest fields have offered up their

And I am glad as men by mountain stream- * grain;

lets Their pledge is paid. Their summer's

For life, unfettered, throbbing through the work, now done, land. Relates a splendid miracle of rain

Combined with fertile soil and warmth of sun.

CHILD ON A BEACH Their garnered shocks serenely testify

That through the course of days there

By Eleanor A. Chaffee runs a plan

LJe hears a note that no one else can InIn alleverythe season'selements brief,from allottedearth to span.sky,

* * hear.

The others look toward dim horizons, see The placid fields deny chaotic force;

Written in water, changing and yet clear, A kind assurance lingers in their spread;

The transient record of man's destiny. Throughout the years they hold their

But this small boy, intent with pail and steady course sand, And offer rich, unfailing gifts of bread.

Quietly aware of tide and wave, Their quietude, their deep, productive sod

Half listens as within his chubby hand INDIAN TIME Translate to man the gracious love of God.

He shapes new elements, remote and grave. --<>

He sees no enemy beyond the mist; By Manfred A. Carter

This is his world where he alone is king. PATCHWORK QUILT

of sand is all that weights hisA rope there loneliness waited in sagebrush By Alice R. Rich wrist; *J"For Indians mourned who among gray

isThe only gull's high a shadow wing. poles paint job exit, her made her

tiny architect, lies what wisdomO of stones, Instead hours were and passing complete, done MCeptember secret, inHidden clear and your young less bustling in October breezed As on chilly eyes! that time that Than slowly old shadow feet;

rolls. The restless leaves talked lightly of magic

Tin towns, speed cars, and marbles in the days ahead,

BALANCE banks Then wove a patchwork quilt for warmth toys, Are when men have lived with blowand settled down in bed. By Ethelyn M. Kinchev ing sand

And measured years by horizontal ranks lovely every"Dor flower Of praying pillars, never touched by hand. FROST in the sun, weed grows*- A

of every hour brightnessAnd We learn that calm old tribesmen will not By Gay Winquist thatSees clouds begun. have rush

For there is laughter sorrow; strikes flare; his tinder; sell maples and sound, To buy by minuteticking Oe

For a smile there comes they a tear; But learned have to hear the hillsides desert -* sheet with flame; * And

The good and ill must balance hush And only Summer's children dare

Along each day and year; And read eternity upon the ground. To call the knave by name:

For God knows well the beauty They hear the Old Ones speaking in slow A whited sepulchre, a fraud,

In hearts and flowers and lives rhyme, liar, An arsonist—aIs best appreciated Above the white man's tinkling, measured goes appareled WhoWhere contrasts make us wise. time. To set the trees on fire.like a god,

700 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA;gm*iWXM

"And the Tongue

Is a Fire"

5u [-resident Dauld \J. VHIcJ\a

... If any man offend not in word, the "This wisdom descendeth not from above,

same is a perfect man, and able also to bridle but is earthly, sensual, devilish.

the whole body. "For where envying and strife is, there is

"Behold, we put bits in the horses'mouths, confusion and every evil work.

that they may obey us; and we turn about "But the wisdom that is from above is first

their whole body. pure, then peaceable, gentle, and easy to be

"Behold also the ships, which though they intreated, full of mercy and good fruits, withbe so great and are driven of fierce winds, out partiality, and without hypocrisy.

yet are they turned about with a very small "And the fruit of righteousness is sown in helm, whithersoever the governor listeth. peace of them that make peace."(James

"Even so the tongue is a little member, 3:2-18.)

and boasteth great things. Behold, how great So wrote the Apostle James many hundred

a matter a little fire kindleth! years ago, but I feel that, like all truth, what

"And the tongue is a fire, a world of inhe expresses in these lines is applicable today.

iquity; so is the tongue among our members, The tongue is but a little member, yet a most

that it defileth the whole body, and setteth effective means of giving wings to our on fire the course of nature; and it is set on thoughts and of influencing one another.

fire of hell. Then let us speak well of everyone when

"For every kind of beasts, and of birds, we can do it truthfully!

and of serpents, and of things in the sea, is tamed, and hath been tamed of mankind: "Nay, speak no ill; a kindly word

"But the tongue can no man tame; it is Can never leave a sting behind;

an unruly evil, full of deadly poison. And, oh, to breathe each tale we've heard

"Therewith bless we God, even the Father; Is far beneath a noble mind."

and therewith curse we men, which are made "Nay, Speak No 111"Anonymous after the similitude of God.

"Out of the same mouth proceedeth blessThen, say you, would you not speak of ing and cursing. My brethren, these things evil conditions? Must we not raise our voice

ought not so to be. in denouncing conditions and men who are

bringing evil upon us? Yes, speak of con- "Dbth a fountain send forth at the same

ditions; but do not falsely revile the charplace sweet water and bitter? acter of men. We cannot do it as true Latter-

"Can the fig tree, my brethren, bear olive day Saints; we must rise above it. There is

berries? either a vine, figs? so can no fountain a trait in the heart of the world to pick at

both yield salt water and fresh. their fellow men. Emerson says that so pro-

"Who is a wise man and endued with nounced is this tendency that an accident knowledge among you? let him shew out of cannot happen in the street without the by-

a good conversation his works with meekness standers becoming animated with a faint hope of wisdom. that the victim will die. We cannot en-

"But if ye have bitter envying and strife courage that tendency. As James says, it

in your hearts, glory not, and lie not against is from the earth—sensual, devilish.

the truth. (Concluded on [olloiving page)

OCTOBER 1951 THE EDITOR'S PAGE

(Concluded from preceding page) rider piled one upon another till the whole

We must not pick out that which will tear abyss was filled with a living debris that made down a brother's character, nor the character a bridge of the broken bodies of horse and man.

of the city, the state, or the nation. O let us There are, perhaps, sunken roads in our

be true to our nation! There is reason to be communities. Let us see them and not stand

true to it. off and say that they are all right when our

If we see a condition in a town that endangers young people by the score are rushing headlong the life of our fellow citizens, we meet that into them. It is our duty to meet these condicondition. If it is a washout, a cave, a hole in tions, but let us do it calmly; let us do it dethe roadway, there is a warning lamp or sign terminedly, and take the high stand of right.

placed there to keep the travelers from falling Let the men whom you elect and appoint to into it, and as soon as possible the dangerous represent you in your communities know that condition is remedied. That is proper. you desire to have these "sunken chasms"closed

You will remember when Napoleon's cuirasbefore more human beings are piled or dragged siers made the fatal charge against Wellington, down to destruction. But, I repeat again, in

that there lay between them and the English meeting these conditions, we can take the high soldiers a sunken road. Napoleon stood away stand of truth.

off and could not see it. He had asked a man The gospel is our anchor. W"e know what it

if there were any obstacles and had received stands for. And knowing this, let us do forthno as the answer; trusting to that, he gave the rightly what should be done, avoiding ircommand for the brigade to charge. The responsible gossip and evil speaking. Let us

"Invincible Column"rushed on, until they came, be what we should be and do what we should it is said, to a sunken road, and then horse and do—and keep control of our tongues.

What Is Science?

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Science is usually looked upon as something science. To discover the principles involved in

different from the ordinary experiences of the art of dishwashing is as truly a scientific life. This is an error. Science is a search pursuit as to learn the effect of penicillin on

for truth—all truth. The farmer who tries out the ailing human body. All the affairs of man

different varieties of wheat to find the best for may come under the purview of science.

his use is as truly a scientist, in the larger sense, Science asks questions. In the past, before

as the astronomer who, peering through the the socalled scientific age, the answers to telescope, determines the number of Jupiter's questions were often guesses or mere opinions.

satellites. It is a pity that because of the recent The earth was thought to be flat; planting a

rapid growth of knowledge, science in the crop in the full of the moon would insure a full common mind has been set aside as something crop; some women could become witches and

apart from the other affairs of life. ride around in the air on broomsticks. That

Dr. James B. Conant, President of Harvard was the age of superstition.

University, has sought to make clear the true When men moved away from speculation nature of science in his book, Science and Cominto dependable knowledge, science was born.

mon Sense, People should talk about science The method of science is indeed the one in the spirit of common sense. Science is not distinguishing characteristic of science. The

something essentially different from the other answers that men seek must come from nature, activities of life. not from the opinions of men.

Man becomes a scientist That is often called the exwhen under the impulse to perimental method.

know as much as possible Newton was studying light.

about the things about him, He darkened his room, made he begins to seek new knowl- a slit in a window blind, edge. Near and remote, humplaced a glass prism in the

ble and striking things may path of the entering beam of be investigated—the resultlight, and found that light is

ing knowledge is the body of composed of several colors.

702 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Torricelli sucked the air out of a tube with one careless use of it is dangerous to the progress end in a basin of quicksilver. Promptly the of sound science.

quicksilver rose about thirty inches in the tube Indeed, mature and immature scientists may and remained there. If the experiment were usually be distinguished by their careful or

performed on the mountaintop, the careless recognition of facts as height of the quicksilver fell. against theories. If that difference

Thenceforth men knew that air be recognized, most scientific and has weight. theological disputations would

Pasteur heated or otherwise devanish. There would then be

stroyed life in the materials with little conflict between science and which he worked. Soon by this religion.

experiment the doctrine of sponThe facts of science and the taneous generation was set aside theories of science constitute the for a new meaning of life. content of science. The one is

By such rather simple experieverlastingly the same, if surroundments, most of our knowledge of ing conditions do not change; the

the material world has been won. other changes with every newly

Occasionally a discovery is made discovered fact. The student of

accidentally, but generally by a science should always keep this series of experiments, questions distinction in mind. Perfectly honof nature. That is the method of est teachers will try not to con-

''science. That is really what we fuse facts and theories in the minds

mean when we speak of science. of their students.

Much of the progress of human: I There is a class of persons who

'.';"'knowledge has come through the become so wedded to a theory of

use of discovered science that they aids to human will not accept it senses; for exam- *

to the Question* of bfoutk ple, astronomy 4n rniwer fH hf came with the trine of evolution,, telescope; biology, with the microscope; chemleading to the origin of man, still a theory, is

istry, with the balance; farming, with the plow, an example of such human explanations. Such

etc. These instruments came as results of people are usually vehemently thinskinned.

such simple experiments as have been menThey cannot discuss their pet views with the tioned here. open candor of the scientific mind.

The marvel is that answers to main questions Science then, a search for truth, is part of are nearly always found. It appears that the the everyday activity of man. The searcher for

mysteries of nature may be opened to man if truth is a scientist. The methods are those

he asks faithfully. The results that have foleverywhere employed.

lowed this method of inquiry into truth are Through the years a vast array of instrustupendous, as every civilized person well ments to help the searcher have been perfected.

knows. Under the influence of this method of These are only extensions of the simple things

inquiry the dark ages have vanished, and men used in the beginning when science was young.

dwell more and more in light. Thank God for the inspiration that came to

As such knowledge increases, man wonders man to enlarge the circle of man's knowledge why things behave as they do. With the facts by inquiring from nature!

at his command he sets up explanations of things and phenomena as they are, and often makes predictions of conditions to be found.

However, when that is done, the seeker after truth enters the field of conjecture, hypothesis, or theory.

There can be no objection to a person reflecting upon the world of phenomena in which he finds himself, provided he always keeps in mind that he has stepped outside the field of facts and is now in the domain of fancy. Otherwise danger lurks in his procedure.

The dangerous man in science, as in religion, is the man who selfcontentedly scatters a manmade theory among his fellow beings without defining it. Until a theory has become so

thoroughly established by accumulated knowl-. edge that it can claim the name of a fact, the

OCTOBER 1951 703 The Tower concerning them are legion, but they Lord,"13 founded the kingdom of all fall into the same pattern: In Babel, and in the next chapter that

Dear Professor F. the beginning an ambitious race of Babel was the name of the tower

reply to my sustained blast of men tried to get to heaven by climbbuilded to reach to heaven. This

INthe 17th inst. you tax me with ing a mountain or tower; they failed Nimrod seems to be the original13

"a naive and gullible acceptance and then set out to conquer the archtype of the Mad Hunter. His

is for the Jews at all times theof the Tower of Babel "story,"I world. A thoroughly typical vername

knew you would. Most people besion of the story is a variant found very symbol of rebellion against

lieve quite naively that Lincoln in Jewish and Christian apocryphal God and of usurped authority; he

wrote the Gettysburg Address, but writers in which the sons of Seth it was "who became a hunter of their totally uncritical acceptance of (the angels, in some versions), men,"established false priesthood the fact does not prevent it from eager to regain the paradise Adam and false kingship in the earth in being true. You may accept any had lost, went up on to Mt. Herimitation of God's11 rule and "made

story naively or you may take it mon, and there lived lives of reall men to sin."A very early

critically. What would you say if ligious asceticism, calling themselves Christian writing tells how Noah's

I were to accuse you of being very "the Watchers"and "the Sons of descendants waged bitter war simple and gullible in rejecting the Elohim."It was an attempt to estabamong themselves after his death,

story of the tower? The cornerstone lish the heavenly order, and it to see who should possess his kingof "sound scholarship"in our day failed, the embittered colony deship; finally one of the blood of

is the comfortable doctrine that the scending the mountain to break the Ham prevailed, and from him the answer no can never be quite as covenant, marry the daughters of Egyptians, Babylonians, and Per- "wrong as the answer yes, a proposiCain, and beget a race of "men sians derive their priesthood and tion which to my knowledge has notorious for murders and robberkingship. "From the race of Ham,"

never been demonstrated. Excuse ies."Determined to possess the says the text, "came one through

me if I seem recalcitrant, but I find earth if they could not possess the magical (as opposed to the it odd that the one skill most appreciated and rewarded in those circles where one hears everlastingly of "the inquiring mind"and theimportance of "finding out for one's WoM Of Dkself"is the gift and power of taking % things for granted. Even our Latter-day Saint intellectuals are convinced that the way to impress the JAREDITES

Gentiles is not to acquire a mastery PART II of their critical tools, (how few even know Latin!), but simply to

in all their todefer opinions. things A5u Jfuak PL 2). totef, to the back, Think man, good my ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR, BRIGHAM HISTORY AND RELIGION, YOUNG UNIVERSITY

first act of recorded history. What

meets our gaze as the curtain rises?

People everywhere building towers. heaven, the men of the mountain holy) succession named Nimrod,

And why are they building towers? denied that they had failed, faked who was a giant against the Lord

To get to heaven. The tower was, the priesthood, and forced the in-... whom the Greeks call Zoroaster

to use the Babylonian formula, the habitants of the earth to accept the and who ruled the world, forcing markaz shame u irtisim, the "bindkings they put over them. 8 This all men by his false magical arts

ingplace of heaven and earth,"story you will recognize as an obto recognize his authority."15 The

where alone one could establish vious variant of the extremely anChronicon Paschale reports a widecontact with the upper and lower cient and widespread Mad Hunter spread tradition that this giant who worlds. That goes not only for cycle, which I treated in an article built Babylon was not only the first

Babylonia but also for the whole on the origin of the state. 30 The king of Persia, the earthly Cosmoancient world, as I have pointed Mad Hunter, you will recall, crator, but also the first man to

out at merciless length in my recent claimed to be the rightful ruler of teach the killing and eating of study on the "Hierocentric State."the universe, challenged God to an beasts, 16 a belief also expressed in

The towers were artificial mounarchery contest, and built a great the Koran. 17 There is another comtains, as any textbook will tell you, tower from which he hoped to shoot mon tradition that Nimrod's crown

and no templecomplex could be his arrows into heaven. Sir James was a fake, and that he ruled with-

"without one. The labors of DomFrazer has collected a large number out right "in the earth over all the

bart, Jeremias, Andrae, Burrows, of American Indian versions of the sons of Noah, and they were all and others shall spare us the pains story to illustrate Old World under his power and counsel,"of showing you these towers scatparallels, for the tale is met with while he "did not go in the ways of tered throughout everywhere primitive hunters the throughout Lord, the among and more than wicked was 11 18 as ofold helping world a means all the world. that the before were him."men

to heaven. get legends * Themen In Genesis antiquity of stories these we read that NimThe may X

'Numbers refer to bibliography at end of article. rod, "the mighty hunter against the be judged from an early Babylonian

704 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and so forth. 23 You may list the various founding legends and trace them

back at your leisure to a single point of origin. Is it not strange that the

founding father and summus deus of each nation of antiquity is somewhere declared to be a fraud and an impostor, a wandering tramp from afar whose claims to supreme authority cannot stand a too careful examination? Think of Prometheus'challenge to Zeus, of Loki's

blackmailing of Othinn, of the dubious "Justification of Osiris,"of the terror of allmighty Anu when Tiamat challenges his authority, and so forth. 2* Run down these

legends, and you will find in every case that the usurper comes from Central Asia. Even Isaiah

(XIV:12ff) recalls that in the beginning the adversary himself set

up his throne "upon the Mountain of the Assembly in the regions of the North,"and there pretended to be "like the Most High."For all

this a single origin is indicated;

Religious News Service Photo whether historical or ritual makes

GIANT OLIVE TREE NEAR THE MOUNT OF OLIVES, JERUSALEM little difference.

There is one aspect of the Nimrod cycle that is too interesting to account of a wicked king who first the legendary Nimrod ever existed. pass by, especially for an anthro-

"mingled small and great on the As I told you before, I am only pologist. That is the tradition of

mound"and caused them to sin, interested in the type of thing that the stolen garment.

earning for himself the title of happened, and after having ex- "king of the noble mound"(cf. amined hundreds of legends from The Stolen Garmentthe tower), "god of lawlessness,"all parts of the ancient world, all

"god of no government."19 In the telling substantially the same story, Nimrod claimed his kingship on

very earliest IndoEuropean tradi- I think that anyone would find it the grounds of victory over his tions this person is Dahhak, "the difficult, in view of the evidence, enemies; 23 his priesthood, however,

type of the dregvant, the man of to deny that there was some comhe claimed by virtue of possessing the Lie and the king of madmen,"mon event behind them. It seems "the garment of Adam."The Talwho sat on the throne for a thouto have been a single event, moremud assures us that it was by virtue

sand years and forced all men to over. How so? I said above that of owning this garment that Nimrod

subscribe their names in the Book we find mounds and towers scatwas able to claim the power to rule the ancient tered throughout wholeof thus making them the Dragon, that earth, the he over whole and further world; to him. 20 and gosubject now I will sat in his while tower came men

In the Book of Ether the name say that they are not independent and worshiped him. 20 The Apocof Nimrod is attached to "the valley local inventions but actually imitaryphal writers, Jewish and Chriswhich was northward,"and which tions derived ultimately from a sintian, have a good deal to say about

led "into that quarter where there gle original. Every great national this garment. To quote one of

never had man been"(11:2, 5), shrine of antiquity had a founding them: "the garments of skin which

which suits very well with the legend of how in the beginning it God made for Adam and his wife legendary character of Nimrod as was brought through the air from when they went out of the garden the Mad Hunter of the Steppes. some mysterious faraway land. And and were given after the death of

The name of Nimrod has always this faraway land always turns out Adam... to Enoch"; hence they

to Asia. philologians,baffled Central have been in have who to then to Methusaleh, and Our passed

it, 21 giants'able to locate from the Othinnnever been Norse but came stole them Noah, from whom Ham at the end of the last century the land to the east, the Greek national as the people were leaving the ark.

explorer and scholar Emin found cult from the land of the HyperboHam's grandson Nimrod obtained that name attached to legends reans, far to the northeast of them from his father Cush. 2T As for

(mostly of the Mad Hunter variGreece; people of the Near East the legitimate inheritance of this

ety) and place names in the region looked to a mysterious white mounclothing, a very old fragment reof Lake Van, the great valley due tain of the North as the seat of their cently discovered says that Michael north of upper Mesopotamia. Now primordial cult, the Chinese to the "disrobed Enoch of his earthly

I am not insisting for a minute that paradise or mountain of the West, {Continued on following page)

OCTOBER 1951 705

THE WORLD OF THE JAREDITES

( Continued from preceding page rod in his wandering moved to Two significant conclusions come 1 ) that any historicalgarments, and put on him his angelic Asia 34—made the same claim. It from all this: (

clothing,"taking him into the is interesting that according to cerreconstruction of what actually presence of God. 28 This garment of tain ancient scriptures which the happened is out of the question,

Enoch was supposed to be the very Latterday Saints claim have been what has come down to us being garment of skins that John the Baprestored by revelation in our own a mass of conflicting legends and tist wore, called by the Early Chrisage, Pharaoh (who represents the reports, and (2) that these contians "the garment of Elias."*'An AfroAsian line of CushNimrod) flicting legends and reports neverArabic "Life of John the Baptist""was blessed as to the kingship but theless agree on certain main points,

says that Gabriel brought it to John cursed as to the priesthood,"and that they are very old, and were from heaven as "the garment of he offered Abraham the privilege considered by the most learned

Elijah"; "it went back,"says John of wearing his own royal insignia Jews to present matters of great

Chrysostome, "to the beginning of in hope that Abraham would return importance, the significance of the world, to the times before which the compliment by allowing Pharaoh which has escaped later ages. The

ceris priests and kings of antiquityAdam required covering. Thus it5 to wear his priestly ones. 3"There 38

was the symbol of repentance."a good deal of Egyptian material tainly wore such garments, and the

Others believed it was the same dealing with this custom of a royal skin garment was often imitated in garment that Herod and later the exchange of garments and honors, woven materials; 39 in fact the skin

Romans put under lock and key but there is no time to go into it garment was itself held to be a when they wished to prevent the here—I only want to call attention substitute for a still older garment

people from putting it on a candito the fact that we are actually made of the leaves of the ficus date of their own choice, and tell moving in a world of established religiosus. 40

how the Jews tried to seize the patterns and familiar concepts, how- I make no apology for conducting garment by force and put it on John ever weird they may seem to the you into these lost bypaths of the the Baptist, thus making him, inuninitiated. past. You have often proclaimed 31

stead of Herod, their high priest. According to the Talmud, Nimit your professional obligation to be

Whatever its origin, the wearing rod's "great success in hunting was interested in all things, and especialof a garment of repentance, symdue to the fact that he wore the ly the unusual. Still there is such

in hisbolic life of of the man for skin of fallen coat which made God it is too far, as going and a thing to ancient the moststate was known is a tradiEve."30 There and Adam I what time high you was showing

Christians and practised by certain tion that Nimrod, becoming jealous a sober, factual, and commonultra-conservative cults down to of the rival hunter Esau (so much sense document the Book of Ether 32 modern times. for chronology!), lay in ambush for really is. Let us return to Babel.

Incidentally the story of the him, but was defeated by Esau, stolen garment as told by the old who cut off his head and "took the rabbis, including the great Eleazer, valuable garments of Nimrod... The Dispersion

calls for an entirely different renwith which Nimrod prevailed over dering of the strange story in the whole land (or earth!), and The Book of Ether, depicting the

Genesis IX from the version in our he ran and concealed them in his uprooting and scattering from the

King James Bible. They seemed to house."These garments, says the tower of a numerous population,

think that the 'erwath of Genesis report, were nothing less than the shows them going forth not indiIX: 22 did not mean "nakedness"at birthright37 which Esau later sold to vidually but in groups, and not

all, but should be given its primary Jacob. merely family groups but groups

root meaning of "skin covering."of friends and associates: "thy

As they read it, Ham took the garfriends and their families, and the ment of his father while he was friends of Jared and their families."

sleeping and showed it to his brethTHOUGHTS ON PHILIPPIANS 4:8 (1:41.) There was no point in

ren, Shem and Japheth, who took a By Elaine V. Emans having Jared's language unconpattern or copy of it (salmah) or founded if there was to be no one

true I shall things are whatsoever his talk brother couldelse like he to, and a it (sim garment woven FOR followed cold is by the Think how the their his friends thatlah ) they to the cried which Lord put upon own pink shoulders, returning the skin garHepatica, and summer's growth by fall might also retain the language. The

ment to their father. Upon awaking, And harvesting; for honest I shall think same, however, would apply to any

Noah recognized the priesthood of TheProudlygiving,of thosealways,whoeverywill notmanlie;hisfordue,just, other language: If every individual

the two sons, but cursed the son Or upright character. For pure I must were to speak a tongue all of his

lily petals glowing through his tried to garRemember rob him of off entirelywho so go by himand own rain; for 33 or lovely I could never sun The

is, apparently,ment. the source This not have been races self, the would store the the of things sugExhaust word

of the widespread legend that Ham gests merely scattered but quite annihilfall into thestole the garment of Noah and Fromeverface to symphony; and for whatso* ated/ 1 We must not

claimed to possess the priesthood Things are of good report, my thinking old vice of reading into the scripby virtue of his illegal insignia. rests ture things that are not there. There

Ham's descendants, Cush and NimUponOr courage,some kindnessor someI havelove hearduncommonlyabout,rod—both Africans, though Nimstout. is nothing said(Continuedin our ontextpageabout752)

706 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA not believe in revelation because

I bytheysuchhave aneverdirectbeenexperience;forcibly facedthe

same individuals probably fail to realize that they are unworthy of direct revelation from God, and AM that only those possessing his keys attain such a magnificent es- *, ww w.1 can

I tate. -I- JX JLi Another erroneous concept frequently held is that all contact with

AT "17 99 God must be a complete spiritual

WW /I experience. Those "hunches"that

""*-- have succeeded, those premonitions of the future, that suggestion from the inward man, all are examples of God's revelations to each of us.

is a revelation of the Nature majesty S>am eefc$L & the of but One, is not Supreme

God himself? It is so human to

fail to recognize all this as revelaheart afraid to trust in anything tion, and to call it "intellect."

I atOur Lord is the foundation of—especially itself. When

tempt to prove that if he knew all knowledge, knowledge that has jl more truth, his opinions would been obtained over countless ages.

be different, the young student If he should choose to reveal this,—From Camera Clix refutes my thought on the then it is to man's advantage to ac- 'THE CHRIST"BY KLINKE

basis that I am attempting to cept and to utilize. God is far

justify blind faith. If so, I am still wiser than any of us.

correct, for faith is of God, while For one who believes the Bible, are of man. revelation may easily be proved, Thecan gnawmost atpainfulthe humandiseasesoulthatis words

for one the facts doubts who as a people we, can who but What doubt. hope, crushes Doubt and

it that Bible tne proclaims, is more faith entire base the our rock upon with gone, departs the hope meandifficult. revelation, of a consuch do when life. is ing of individual safe No

from the devil of doubt. He stalks flict arises as to the truth of revelaHow can the renaissance begin

us all, from the greatest to the tion? I feel that the confusion is that will restore this soul? How can

smallest, from the richest to the only in the mind of the doubter, this shell be transformed into a cornplete man with an uncontaminatedpoorest. To some, he takes one When they say that learning takes

form; to others, he has a different place only as a result of experience, concept of Christ? Surely, one

shape. One man doubts that he are they not making liars of themrequisite is prayer. Let him pray

has strength enough to accomplish selves when they say that revelation to God, and he will be directed. Let

a chosen goal; another doubts the is not experience? One of the defthim read from the word of God.

faithfulness of his friends; a third nitions that I find for experience in Surely these things would not have

is this: Webster for written beenthe most pitiful the of all—doubts is a "Experience the deception ofexistence and identity of God.

i spiritual exercise = u1 1 Tf1 1 1 1 any1 1 1 1 i ofiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiyou lacki iimiiiiniiiiimii:wisman. Let him

In most of us there is a period of the mind."dom, let him ask of turn his thoughts

of skepticism, when we hold everyDoes this not God, that giveth to all to the creation thing about us to an exacting examplace revelation men liberally, and upand its purpose.

ination. Curiosity and mild doubt among the rich, braideth not; and it shall Let him seek a

are transformed into a haunting and direct experibe given better answer to disturbing emotion which disrupts ences? No growth 1:5. life's question him."—Jamesthe normal functions of body, mind, is so great in any -riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiimiiiiiiiiiiii IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIUIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIr than Christ. Let

condition Thisand soul. must be that as him ask if he mind

are tocured individsurvive as if we which can be a life without attained directly from could lead as good uals. At times it seems that we are God. the example of Jesus.

living that nothing a dream, on earth the disbeconfound "If let of lack To further any you wisdom, isis real, but this a hollow philiever, revelation is neither the that of to all giveth behim ask God, losophy that perishes in the light of ginning nor the end. Joseph Smith men liberally, and upbraideth not;

thought and knowledge. prayed sincerely and humbly beand it shall be given him."(James

These are the sort of thoughts fore he was permitted to partake 1:5.)

that I meet from day to day. Some of the celestial feast. True, Paul And the wisdom that will conquer

call them "fundamental thoughts,"was a disbeliever, but after his reveall these doubts will surely be, "I but I prefer to think of them as lation, did he not walk humbly in am the way, the truth, and the the gropings of an unsure heart, a the sight of the Lord? Many do life...."(John 14:6.)

OCTOBER 1951 707 Jke

W'Dm v. \J\Jilliam oLund J

position arose. The Nauvoo charter was repealed, the plotters

trumped up charges, notably against

President Brigham Young of the

Twelve, and supplemented these vexatious acts with deliberate pillaging, burning of houses, and destruction of property.

While these depredations were being enacted, President Brigham

Young and his brethren were trying with all of their knowledge and strength to find a peaceable settlement with their opposers. Letters

were written to the governors of the several states of the United

States, except Missouri, asking if an afflicted and outraged people might receive a place within their boundaries where the Saints might dwell in peace. Only Governor

Thomas S. Drew of Arkansas answered this appeal. He felt that

inasmuch as the legislature of his state had adjourned he could not; I IC we Hav call them together again. The final

ultimatum was that the Saints must

A copy of a proclamation issued to the Saints leave their city and homes.

to who were in the published sailNewon theYork Ship"Messenger""Brooklyn"of andDec. was15, Finding no peace, the brethren

a York 1845. The "Messenger"was New paper notified the opposition that they

Parley Brannan Wri JiHlli 8!i. published and edited by Samuel by e wtia b:j!i",!- 1 P. Pratt. would leave Nauvoo the next spring

lotirnsj-'* st &$$*?&. t 'W'M t a4 ymt with pleaded to and them "cease

-, <*, 1 y*xtx e*s*;ry. with Peat?t

hostile operations so to your give as yotir f.-u<r ii?i e-xtlmg )*i,y TheJosephmartyrdomSmith andof thehis brother,Prophet

i j>a*'i2*; t%* 'for s *&**&}>f-s*cki>sl w:* *sw? short us the y! but necessary for time

Smith, Patriarch the >:! f<jrn*.h; Hyrum journey,"is our In the proclamation;!'>>. jwrvt&ek fo<&t U> >.i; an beissf JiUie feat i*a. Wefee tragedies. great of the world's 'one

oask-s U> \im of President h54 8s"$*rov Brigham dated Young mh&m w of of the Church members The s ifse to a* e wrve g#i water, ted J** Oct. these 31, 1845 are "It words:

yosi *jl before uy, tfews you? m> w&ssi e& fo w *$ % Saints m$s of Latterday Christ Jesus

in has fes necessary the provibecome r**fc aaysUiiR ka>? not fft&y ti * fe*ri ti*M *Wp Hei crisis. great a There j faced were at w?iS Witfe tisssta a* messy &p|>. tfc* fj* #*8taj & of dence our that Heavenly Father

J$aey &tiiiKe t&& that they -sl#&> l claimed pay were some who the Saints en are located masse who t*il* tfiii of ifes *Si! JaSSSSry, st*4 24th e TJj *bi leadership in the of successors the

wsj g*i whi<s& s!sn jfcifig iw 4y*, fey vW in SC&: to should a immigrate Nauvoo m

*&'$ in a laii** took stand the $* tey *ll l*t# 'isw and # it*t fc& Church SalJSM eth#*w$ae distant in to country order West, -.. <i fc* s.hiag 8uti;*y, cswSd w8an over port iy in k to the direct opposition Quorum

t to dl,, be A*. irawe fulfil Bt'Setters f.-fttgM will his > *v'live A'! his ordiand by

the of Twelve, which quorum was Mi.; 7 S|Sf8$# nances and commands as soon as

II sy cM:i stasM &pf& to &1*y say &$** wrrftfin authority the presiding the

possible."f<5? tlasas. It sfeaM wH tm* wU #* ite asfsista | t this sooner conChurch. had No #ar *! 'm fe* 2&* &$#0HMr?! y. %: A* #,* time there At this were many the dition quieted been nonwhen

in Saints the eastern the ** *"part of t f * *v ti#t rs> c*a All Vaw p**s* into element commenced Mormon tail *M tfe* rt'we fee>! i* i*#|s 6*'./W Mf States. <mm United the brethren That

?*-> wh,r.*j >.?#, refep srr.-n* uaii! their.:*4r>- opposition >"i crease the i toward;st greatly were concerned about them.sri oaf si 6 *a- We *$%tw0t &i'feiis'-te ssChurch. This opposition reached

l Wtf tl* *4lfe is w&rt s* Ysre-:** settle they Wilas|S'and where would

UA 'iu;* the f w,tj*y * o l!( *:"fJ 88 t ** s?V its highest pitch in the year 1845. shown by this excerpt from a letter

A trial of those who were in the of President Young to Samuel mob which had perpetrated the cruel Brannan:

pott, b** mi

i? V * -'wJmtt*ktamlktxt-f'SfKO**mm$ cs%r*e*!U *te *wS H ssa S* waskillingheld,of theandProphetthroughanda grossPatriarchmisCity of Joseph [Nauvoo]

carriage of justice these men were Dear Brother Samuel Sept.Brannan:15th, 1845.

found not guilty. Emboldened by... I wish you together with your press,

the outcome of this trial, greater oppaper, and ten thousand of the brethren 708 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

(NOTE: The text now being used

ID byrumsthemakesMelchizedekno mentionPriesthoodof this ship;quothis article is written withSL BROOKLYN therefore

the hope that the story of the Ship

ASSISTANT CHURCH HISTORIAN AND RECORDER AND MEMBER GENERAL BOARD, Brooklyn may prove of interest to the quorum members.

DESERET SUNDAY SCHOOL UNION

were now in California at the Bay of St. sympathy with them in their sufferings, they too might be free from tyranny. That

Francisco, and if you can clear yourself and in the cruel treatment they have exyou may be guided in the way of truth, and go there, do so.... perienced. Observing a statement that and have light from on high to direct you

you purposed removing with your friends is the earnest desire of a friend to humanity

A communication from the Quofrom Nauvoo, and having lately had some and to the oppressed.

rum of the Twelve was sent to information from a traveller, as to the peCharles A. Lovell.

culiar excellences of the region around

Esq. the presiding Pratt, Brigham Young, was Orson who St. river in Calithe Francisco and bay at Nauvoo. of the Community in the the Eastern officer of Church it I to President fornia, might not be amiss thought

States, informing him of their desire state them that you might take them into that the Saints there might also join consideration in deciding as to the place In the latter part of January and in this western movement. youI havemightno interestselect forin yourit anycityway,of refuge.except theSaintsfirstfromdaysseveralof Februaryof the branches1846 the the eastern of At a conference desire that be delivered from you a may

I this of the Church in the Eastern States to leave expect persecution. held of the never branches Church

the awaiting in York New First, St. gathered of of the country. the bay November

for ship Brooklyn the of departure is safest strongest, the best, Francisco and Hall, New 1York2, 1 845City,in theElderAmericanOrson part the coast western of North harbor on the Finally full numCalifornia.

Pratt announced the decision of the America, you might defend yourselves ber were entered; their baggage the that of the leaders Church enemies, have and a good from all your transferred to the ship; and the pasraise, in supplyfor might market all you West. to move Saints were Samleft and the busy city sengers ships the ing whaling come which would uel the then laid before Brannan

could provisions. of fish in Plenty for their into staterooms ready be crowded his instructions the conference from people. few procured for your own A for sailing.

directing Authorities of the Church, river miles are Francisco waterup the St. all The Brooklyn sailed from New furnish with falls which would you water, him and called to go by upon

1846, 4, February on City York mill privileges the want. which would you all to wanted accompany him who

I tell cattle the that the cheap not need you day which same was how may to at close the of forward come in the of the be neighborhood bought commenced exodus from Nauvoo their meeting put names. and down is Castro Jose Monterey. Commandant now started for the voyagers West. The

is Caliof Pio Pico in his General Governor Pratt Elder FareOrson & well Message to the Saints wrote fornia. A few thousand dollars would their journey joyfully. They took

tools, besides with farming them 300,000 for 2 or them from you as follows: obtain

of land, grants as they acres of make many fixtures for a printtwo gristmills,

Elder Samuel Brannan is hereby apsquare leagues for a mere trifle. If you ing press, type, and paper.

lease Catholics, to the should your Temple pointed to preside over, take charge and bishops doubtThe following story of the jourthe Catholic would some of all that of the company go and by sea;

who go with him will be required to give less throw all the Catholic influence in ney is taken from an account given strict heed to his instruction and counsel. California in your favor. One of your by John Eager and supplemented

States get appointed United might number will out to the point necessary you He excerpts taken the account from

St. thus Francisco, for consul have by and articles to taken, for be whether food or Crocheron: of Augusta Joyce consular that influence would power which for utensils, raiment, together farming with

mechanical instruments, and all kinds of give. You ought by all means to have "The ship Brooklyn, 450 tons

garden seeds, seeds of various kinds of ship carpenters and boat builders there, so burthen, was commanded by Capin that might engage community your fruits, left &c. Several already fishtain &c, have given Richardson, and York New near be ing commerce. would You and I their to him, with think go names and 4, 1846, Feby. 236 having on board active of the grounds your some whaling & will raise a as large he soon as company

all of passengers, were Morbusiness. whom in that might engage young men in vessel. conveniently can go one

Then the Sandwich Island trade opens a mons except Frank Ward; the comenterprise. field for fine have any If you implewell supplied with pany were the doubt There is no that when buildthe in could engage you among who necessary of husbandry and of the immigration knowledge of the acments rapidly might steamboats, they ing of

Saints to the West reached the quire a fortune. If your numbers should tools for establishing a new settlepeople of the United States many increase so that you could plant a colony ment.

of California, would then Gulf you on the out the Brook- "The second day happy, saddened, were were many entire of the country the mastery have sea, and lyn encountered a heavy and it thought and some plan to a good defiance persecutors. bid to your might The

offer advice as to where the Saints route that has been taken by many of the on the following Tuesday laid to might go. The following copy of emigrants to Oregon would probably be all day, in a heavy gale of wind,

the of greater for part route your of deal occasioned a great the which letter a written A. Lovby Charles

cattle, sufficient of stock a way. With the seasickness. crossing While ell Ipswich, from Massachusetts, provisions. lack of be no And there would

gives a very interesting insight to I doubt not but that there is wisdom enough equator they experienced a calm such advice: in your councils to guide a large comfor two or three days.

munity to their destined territory. Wher- "As for the pleasure of the trip,

I rallying ever doubt not your you are Ipswich, October 20th, 1845. cry we met disappointment, for we once that will to all. Liberty ever be Would

To Brigham Young, Esq. that cry could be raised in Missouri, and long lay becalmed in the tropics,

Sir, Though I think the Mormon docthat those who are there suffering from and at another time we were trines are erroneous, yet I have much oppression might go with your band where {Continued an page 728)

OCTOBER 1951 709 "The seeds we are planting today will grow and become mighty oaks, and their branches will run all overthe earth."Spori RICKS COLLEGE—Jacob

During its sixtythree years of cultured and educated European v3u douce l/v(iai growth, Ricks College, Idaho's must have been disheartening. Few

Latterday Saint teachertrain- homes had been built, so the Spori ing institution has proved itself a family moved into a granary. No Through his work no break came

valuable part of the Church eduschoolhouse had been built as yet. to the academy. After his leave

cational system. The college has On November 12, 1888, President Professor Spori never returned to

grown from a little tworoom log Ricks and Dr. Karl G. Maeser at a the school, but he left his family uncabin to a spacious campus and special conference opened the Bander its wing and always watched

plant which serve Idaho youth and nock Stake Academy with Jacob for its success. All his children

other students from a widely disSpori as first principal. Dr. Maeser and grandchildren except one attributed area. pronounced a wonderful blessing on tended the academy.

Back in 1883 L. D, S. pioneers the school and on those who should In 1900 the elementary grades

entered the present Rexburg Valteach there in the future. were discontinued, and four years

ley with visions of colonization with Brother Spori spent many hours of highschool-level work were of- a resulting great educational sysoutside the classroom cutting wood fered. The school gave courses

tem. For the first five years there and doing janitorial work to keep in agriculture, mechanics, arts, and

was little time to think of educathe struggling school alive. One of missionary work, which subjects are

tion; efforts were bent on subduing his early students, Minnie Black still featured by the school. The

the desert, erecting log houses and Garner, said of him, "Many times name of the school was changed in hauling wood for the severe Snake when the boys were particularly 1903 to Ricks Academy in honor

River Valley winters. rude I have seen him with his hands of the Snake River Valley coloBut the dream of a school never clutched tightly at his sides, and I nizer, Thomas E. Ricks. Between

rested, and Thomas E. Ricks, presihave heard him say, 'Sometimes I 1900 and 1919 the two main builddent of the Bannock Stake, wrote feel as though I cannot bear it; but ings on the campus were erected,

Church Authorities in Salt Lake the gospel is worth all.* and the name was changed to Ricks

City during the year 1887 about an Professor Spori was a strong beNormal College, signifying the role academy. liever in discipline. the school was playing in training

Jacob Spori, a brilliant convert During the third year the school Idaho educators.

from Switzerland and personal came desperately close to failure. By 1931 all high school work

friend of the Church educator, Karl Rather than see the school close, had been discontinued, and Ricks

G. Maeser, was selected as princiProfessor Spori wrote to Dr. was made a fully accredited twopal of the Rexburg school. Brother Maeser asking leave for vacation year junior college with Hyrum

Spori had not yet reached the that he might earn money to pay Manwaring as president. President

United States when he received his the other two teachers. Brother Manwaring broadened the educacall to Rexburg, and the family Spori's own salary was meager. It tional program of the school and

went directly to the Snake River was paid in potatoes, meat, and guided it through the war years.

Valley. eggs, and sometimes he received In 1944, he became president

What greeted the eyes of the nothing at all. emeritus. John L. Clarke, former

RICKS COLLEGE CAMPUS

710 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Idaho's Latterday Saints School

Jacob Spori, first principal at Ricks Rare photograph of President ThomJohn L. Clarke, current president

College, then Bannock Stake Academy. as E. Ricks, founder and colonizer

of Upper Snake River Valley.

instructor of seminaries at St. The college has an outstanding presentation of The Messiah and

George, Utah, was appointed presiphysical education department and the collegecommunity symphony dent to succeed him. participates actively in the interorchestra both function through

In 1948, with the approval of the mountain collegiate athletic conferthat department. The college choir

general Church board of education, ence. Students also have opportunifurnishes music for stake conferRicks added a third and fourth ties for individual sports through a ences in the valley.

year to its program, making it growing intramural program. The Ricks draws students from forty-

a fullfledged fouryear teachingclasses are arranged to enable farm five stakes of the Church and severtraining college. The first bachelor boys to complete two quarters of al missions and has been termed

degrees were granted to thirtyone work by two sixweek shortterm "the friendly school."Students find

seniors in the spring of 1950. courses in the fall and spring plus the personal contact with faculty

The main objective of Ricks Colthe full winter quarter. A large members especially attractive.

lege has been individual developpercentage of the students at Ricks Furthering the social life are six ment and personal growth in a are enrolled in the agricultural dechapters of Lambda Delta Sigma

Latterday Saint atmosphere. How partment. and other social groups including

well the college has achieved this The college also boasts fine drama Delta Phi, returned missionary orgoal is shown by the high cultural and music departments. Plays of ganization. Delta Phi boasts the

standard of the area served by the the highest moral standard are prolargest group on the campus. Ricks

college. Latterday Saint ideals duced each year giving large numCollege is especially proud of the

prevail at Ricks, and they are fosbers of students opportunities to fact that each year dozens of stutered by Rexburg itself, which express their creative talent. The dents leave for the mission field,

boasts a population which is ninetymusic department sponsors the comhaving received their training five percent'Latterday Saint. munity fine arts series which each through the extensive missionary

Its faculty members have been year brings outstanding talent to classes offered.

trained at some of the best universiRexburg. The annual Christmas The annual leadership week was

ties in the nation, and Church meminaugurated in 1923 and has since bers who are leaders in all walks of become a tradition. Leadership week

life obtained their first experience provides an opportunity for Upper at Ricks. The college ranks among CHRYSANTHEMUM Snake River Valley residents to

the highest in Idaho as a teacherBy Christie Lund Coles hear noted speakers and specialists training center, and its graduates in all fields.

frost, flower after is a blooming TLTere in sixtythree are a piothroughout the western years Thus, known * * in bright the Feathery misted in the states field of education. a reality. air, neer dream has become lost, that the flower seen has summer A

Teacher training has been the Yet stands indomitably fair. The school has grown from a log

central drawing point for the school, I, too, would be as this one autumn flower, building to an accredited college but under the rapidly expanding Undaunted by the cold, the stinging storm, with a vital role in fostering Lattercurriculum of the college a student Knowing His goodness holds me in its day Saint ideals. Ricks College faces

its place in the may obtain a teaching major in fifKnowingpower,I too stand nurtured from all the future, proud of teen academic fields. harm. Church educational system.

OCTOBER 1951 711.

oi Jke Lkaiieeviaef

ONE of the most modern buildINings of America, the new science The Maya Mystery building at Brigham Young Unitheversity, be lies what may key Dm Aohw oC. S>corenson of enigmato the challenging some

of the continent's greatest ancient day. He thought that many of the buyerrepresentatives at all thestructures.

writing symbols of the people stood sales of the great private library

There, awaiting the attention of for sounds, were "phonetic."There collections of the world, and byambitious scholars, are found

might be, then, hope of matching photographing everything he could volume on volume of the curious sound to sign and deciphering the not buy, came to hold, by 1930,writing symbols of the Mayas, whole, if only we knew just how about everything that was anybuilders of massive, thriving cities the Maya spoke. As a matter of thing to a Maya linguist,in Central America, centuries befact, there are records of many Then, with a few interestedfore Columbus. These writings separate tribes who spoke languages friends and backers, he organized

of the Mayance family, but no sinthe Maya Society to carry on his gle one of these today would be work and publish his invaluable like the pure ancient tongue, if there materials. There followed a period

presieight of Gates, as years such a thing. when.. tL. U. -C l* vftfwf were tKM—I I t -#ieieA iwt ****** i.Kf KALry society, at plan of the Gates'dent worked Johns was to work backward from these later languages to Hopkins University in Baltimore

try to reconstruct the old Maya making masterfully detailed copies speech sounds from which he of his rare documents for fellow ecf thought all these later branches linguists and laboring on his pet must have sprung. The task is researches.

much like that which a scholar At his death in 1940 the collecwould face if he had to work out tion became little used, attracting how Caesar's Latin sounded from much more dust than interest. But

only a knowledge of Spanish, in a few years Gates'widow deFrench, Italian, and related lancided to sell everything. Dr. M.

*>y

t4i/L* A U4 t\fcr*e-'"*1 wLiveVjJT—*vv%-Arijij*y y*"- jflU,-vj.v—* wvuf**?Li.:'-.--.virfi*.*A.'t>JJuCWfttt*-;> guages. Wells Jakeman, a Maya scholar

Immediately Gates'plan ran into who is now chairman of the B.Y.U.

difficulties. Few documents or inDepartment of Archaeology, exof given purported "alphabet"Maya 4 by Diego scriptions in Maya characters were (Contintied on page 738) tas in his Cosas de Yucatan.""Relacion dede Landa

known or at least acmake up the Gates Collection, poscessible then. With so

little of Mayan to work library ofsibly the complete most of jc-y... decipherment to with, in intended existencerecords

out of the glyphs was the puzzleuntangle of what the

Im/k,? gkj% question. the Consesay.Maya characters

,. jr.. Collector William Gates began to quently, this determined

far investigator, though seriously history ancientstudy set out from wealthy, to ss r. fa*?* &? / 1 at Pointabout fifty Loma, years ago

California. His interest then was gather singlehanded all

the mythical lost continent of Athe could find of the exivy* jtT JV lantis which he believed to have isting material in or been the real source of such high about the language. "/

civilization as the Maya, Because This long, arduous of this belief he began to study search took most of what was known of the discovered Gates'time and energy remains of the Mayas. However, for a quarter of a cenonce exposed to the fascination of tury and actually conhis J$i right up to assuch a challenging problem Maya tinued L s pa W &-, himself rode death. He his Atlantishistory, he abandoned

through muchviews more scientific horseback and became I &.A&jt* i'of turbulent Mexicoin studying the Mayas.

He set on a plan of action he seeking his precious thought would eventually unravel manuscripts. He kept

a icAl'ftJK. fmW -pst from Book "The A page ofthe tangle fantasy about and fact of fitUK Chumagel,"an imChilom Balam i 's JL: "f/i. & 4 wfc'<--'w*jfife written historical source portant that clutteredthe the both Mayas

popular and scientific minds of his incharacters.the Maya language in Spanish

712 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA speaking about the decisions of

IN the young adult, I think you will agree that they are the mostimportant we ever make. I am r o a k tk

finding that these choices not only shape our lives while we are here upon the earth but also help to pattern our course in the eternities to come. Since each of us follows a road e6 o YOUTH

of life that is controlled by our decisions, I like to think of these* problems as crossroads along the highof life. Perhaps you canway

picture yourself eye Choice at the Crossroads in your mind's going down this highway of life and being at these crossroads where H5u Jkeron Jofa5omLatterday Saints must determine y some of their momentous choices.

We might first come to the crossEither of these objectives might be Just how important is missionary road of "Service and Selfishness,"decided upon: How much can I work? The Lord has had occasion

reading on the one hand, "This is get? Or how much can I give? to reveal that

selfishness;the of road much how of that course, teaches, gospel The of will... the thing the most be which the other,can get?"on you and "It is give than blessed to more rewill declare be to unto to worth you

service; is the of"This road how that this people, pentance unto you may

much can you give?"Mormonism bring souls unto me, that you may rest

is a practical, living religion, and with them in the kingdom of my Father.

at presented Address 15:6.) (D. & C. is real a part of verywork it. We /. A. Conference M. to are going decidemust how we isn't calling the But today Lord 17, 1951 June

is a imliving—-what moremake into the mission young men manyportant—what is to be our attifield as such; instead they are being

tude toward the services we render. receive,"and so I hope that we can called into the service of their counchoose in this instance to follow try. I like to think of it as just

the useful, happy life of service to that—the service of their country.

others. You may recall some of the words

Before going on to other crossof King Benjamin in this regard.

roads, it would be well for us to The Book of Mormon records these place here two additional signs for words as part of his counsel to a the benefit of those who follow. great multitude of his assembled

Pointing down our road of service countrymen:

we might make another sign to And behold, I tell you these things read, "This road of service is also that ye may learn... that when ye are

the road of righteousness and hapin the service of your fellow beings ye piness"; and pointing the other way are(Mosiahonly 2:17.)in the service of your God.

we could make a sign warning, "This road of selfishness is also the Here, then, is our answer. We

road to wickedness and misery,"beneed not cease to be missionaries, cause we know from reading the but rather we shall be ambassadors

Book of Mormon and from our very of truth wherever we go. As we

lives that "wickedness never was serve our country, we can be servhappiness."(Alma 41:10.) ing our fellow men and Heavenly

Closely associated with service Father as well by living the gospel, is the crossroad of missionary work. by being examples to those around

Knowing the importance of misus, and in sharing with them our sionary work, thousands of young testimonies of this great Latter-d y men today would be anxious and work.

willing to make the decision to serve I am told that there are many as missionaries. This Church is opportunities for missionary work

probably the only organization on in the armed forces. Indeed, the

earth which can so inspire its youth Latterday Saint who is living his that they are willing to choose to religion cannot help being a misleave their personal pursuits for sionary because his life will be a two or three or more years and code of clean living that will prompt preach at their own expense the emulation, and his speech and congospel of Jesus Christ. (Continued on page 734)

. >3OTL- 'mm Jke Doctrine and Covenants

Utah Territory, first edition in any tions became manifest, additions to &9 language with 136 sections, first edithe book were made, certain author- r. C-. (=Lambert, fh.<=Jj. tiontial marriage;to contain1879,sectionLiverpool,132 on celesEng- izedmade,refinementsand the enlargedin the textand wereimland, 136 sections, the first edition proved editions appeared, naturally

to contain extensive footnotes and and necessarily.

ThenantsbookofoftheDoctrineChurchandof CoveJesus crossCity, inreferences;the Swedish1888,language,Salt Lakefirst

Christ of Latterday Saints is edition in any language to contain a very important book. It is also a 138 sections; 1908, Salt Lake City,

widely published book. Ninety136 sections, with a concordance by

three editions of the book have apJoseph B. Keeler, and with the ofpeared in the period 1833 through ficial declaration or manifesto; 1908,

1949. While some of the editions Rotterdam, 136 sections; 1908, Zuhave been reissues of certain pririch, twentyeight complete selected

mary editions with a new date sections, in the French language;

placed on the title page, the greater 1914, Honolulu, 136 sections, in the percentage have been primary ediHawaiian language, together with tions. the Pearl of Great Price, (the ReSix editions of the book (and one organized Church published an edivolume of Selections ) have appeared tion of its Doctrine and Covenants

in the Danish language, five in the in the Hawaiian language in 1893);

German language, two in Swedish, 1919, Auckland, New Zealand, in two in Spanish (including the book the Maori language, 136 sections, of "Selections"in 1933), and one together with The Pearl of Great each in Welsh, Dutch, Hawaiian, Price; 1921, Salt Lake City, 136 secMaori, and Armenian. Copies of tions, without the Lectures on Faith,

the edition in the Dutch language with revised footnotes, with revised which were issued in 19291933 prefaces to the individual sections, with pages 177192 retranslated in doublecolumn pages, and with TheThefirstBook"Doctrineof Commandments.and Covenants"

in Ohio, 1833. Kirtland,

in Church Historian'sconstitute a second Netherlands an index and concordance by John publishedOriginal edition. A translation of the book A. Widtsoe; 1941, Los Angeles, Office,

in the Japanese language has existed California, 136 sections, in the Arin a manuscript for some time. A menian language, together with The Whenever any early mission of

partial translation was once made Pearl of Great Price; 1948, Louisthe Church was established, beginin the Czechoslovakian language. ville, Kentucky, 136 sections, in ning with the missionary work and

Translations of the book with 136 Braille characters, in the English the colonization activity in Ohio sections are being made in other language. and in Missouri in the early 1830's,

languages. A book of selected secNo one knows how many copies there was need to put printed copies

tions was published in the English of the book of Doctrine and Coveof the primary and distinctive scriplanguage in 1930, and appeared nants have been printed, but the tures, doctrines beliefs, covenants, later in Spanish, in Danish, and in number doubtless runs into the miland rules of the new Church into

Norwegian. An edition of twentylions. In no library in the world is the hands of missionaries, investieight complete sections was issued there a complete file of all the edigators, members, and officers of the

in the French language in 1908. tions of the book. In no edition of Church. Wordof-mouth communiAmong the important first edithe book are there all of the revelacation simply could not carry the

tions of the book, which bear the tions of Joseph Smith, the Prophet. full load of making the doctrines

title Doctrine and Covenants, are To persons who have had no ocand the covenants of the new these: 1835, Kirtland, Ohio, the casion to follow the matter, the numChurch known even to its own memfirst edition with the title Doctrine ber of editions may seem amazing. bers. Printed materials had to be

and Covenants, first edition with But the book has had to parallel provided.

the Lectures on Theology, on Faith, the history and the expansion of the In the Danish and in the Ger103 sections; 1845, Liverpool, EngChurch. Great activity has been man missions particularly units from

land, 111 sections; 1851, Merthyrnecessary to keep sufficient copies the book of Doctrine and CoveTydfil, Wales, 111 sections; 1852, of this book available for members nants were translated early (as

Copenhagen, 111 sections; 1876, of the Church and others, at a modearly as 1851 in Denmark) and

Bern, Switzerland, in the German erate price. As the needs and the were published in the mission perilanguage, 110 sections, (the second organization of the Church exodicals before a complete book was

German edition,, in 1893, contained panded, and as the wisdom of pubavailable. The same principle was

138 sections); 1876, Salt Lake City, lishing certain scripturesand revelafollowed in the publication of items

714 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of doctrine and covenants and comventure they began in Independbroken up by mob action in July mandments in the English language ence, Missouri. In 1831 that town 1833. The type was thrown into

in the early days of the Church in was the real jumpingofF place for the street; the press was stolen, the

Ohio and Missouri. the several western trails; it was sheets of the growing book were

Revelations were printed in a the really frontier town of the great scattered or destroyed. But enough

Church newspaper, a monthly periWest. sheets were salvaged to be sent to

odical, published in Independence, Units of the manuscript compilaKirtland, Ohio, to bind later into a

Missouri, beginning June 1832. tion of commandments and revelasmall, vestpocket, incompleted book

Much of the essential history about tions which had been prepared and of sixtyfive chapters, the last chapthat publication is more or less edited in Ohio in late 1831 preparater itself incomplete as printed. As

available, and it need not be recited tory to publication in Missouri were put together and issued, the book here. The main point here is that set into type slowly by hand. Some contained 160 pages, in five signaprinted copies of the teachings, the units were printed in the monthly tures of thirtytwo pages each, the

doctrines, the rules of Church govpaper, and others were slowly set last page of the book and of the last ernment, the codes of personal and printed in sequence in sheets complete signature ending at the duties and behavior simply had to and were stacked in the printer's bottom of page 160. The page

be made available even though there office (home) for eventual folding ended with the last word of verse was no press immediately at hand. and binding into a book, to be called 47, a verse toward the end of the

There were no paper, no type, no A Book of Commandments for the manuscript chapter.

typesetters, no printers, and no Government of the Church of Certain controversies have grown money. In 183031 in western Ohio Christ. It is easy to understand why up around A Book of Commandand in Missouri there were no job the book was planned to be a small ments. The writer is aware of them.

printers ready at hand to accept book, for convenient use, and to For twenty years he has systematwork and turn it out, there were no hold its cost at a minimum for those ically assembled and searched for bookstores eager to distribute books who would buy it, and to save material relevant to that book. New

even if they should be printed. precious paper. material comes to light periodically,

There were no telephones with Not every chapter prepared for and the record is not closed yet.

which to locate type, paper, and ink, the projected book of command- A long history attaches to the ments was first printed in The Evepreparation of the manuscript and ning and the Morning Star, but the publication of the larger revised every unit which was printed in the book of 103 sections in Kirtland,

Missouri Star appeared later in A Ohio, in 1835, the first book to bear

Book of Commandments as it was the title Doctrine and Covenants.

printed. equipment, and of paper, want A 1* vi a *>*v!*viv*v

to it necessary skilled labor made The first unit of the revelations # and commandments ever printed print the three Nauvoo, Illinois, ediwas the one on Church organizations with 111 sections in 1844, in set tion, editions of of current from 1846 one known 1845, and >':.;;,-.WW tUiVt'r.xr<> >>*:'>.';-*'<**

parthree of plates. of these Doctrine and book Copies Cove-.. - "—r**<*wtjiim-'X.:..,,:;-; the

*****. nants as Section 20, but which was ticular editions which do not have

Section II in the 1835 Kirtland, their original title pages intact can

Ohio, edition, and Chapter XXIV scarcely be distinguished one from in A Book of Commandments, 1833. another, except that a skilled stuThat first printed revelation was dent of these editions will be able

then called "The Articles and Covefinally to find fewer than a dozen, nants of the Church of Christ, givbut only fewer than a dozen, critical

This edition, printed in Kirtland in en in Fayette, New York, June differences in typography, text, and to carry 1835, the title the first was "Doctrine and Covenants."1830."It was printed in the Mispage arrangement, out of a possible

souri Star in June 1832, and was three thousand such singular items or to quote or to hear prices, or to repeated in the issue of June 1833. that might be used, to distinguish

make promises or to accept delivThe text of the unit agrees in both any one of these three editions from eries. There were no trains, no numbers of the Missouri Star, with the other two.

trucks, no adequate roads for even the exception of one verse, and in But the main point here is not to horse and ox teams. There were no A Book of Commandments. Cerrecite the long history of those early

banks to extend convenient credit tain changes in the text appeared editions but to indicate briefly someto anyone, much less to a handful in the Kirtland, Ohio, "reprint"of thing of the conditions under which of religious settlers who, with othThe Evening and Morning Star, those earliest books had to be pubers, as a rule, owned no more than and the Kirtland, Ohio, (1835) edilished. The history of those early

they stood in. tion of the book of Doctrine and editions shows, however, how cerIt seems almost a miracle that the Covenants, which two latter publitain records of the revelations and

young leaders of the very young cations agree. commandments came into published

church did as well as they did in The handprinted "Chapters"of form "line upon line"and to meet getting men, materials, and rethe first Book of Commandments first needs first; other needs had to

sources together to make even the were slowly assembled in 183233, be met later.

simple and wholly pioneer printing but the entire printing venture was (Concluded on page 734)

OCTOBER 1951 715 must be packed in a single saucepan or casserole and heated over a spirit

CUPfruitofbesidesoup,her,sandwiches,magazine in andher kitchen?stove in theTodayshellit ofwouldthe haveunfinishedto be

lap, Nora was prepared for the the ubiquitous veal stew again, varsingle daily halfhour of selfin- ied perhaps with a green salad. Just Second this once she revolted against packdulgence. Before the clock's hands

had marked another hour she must ing the dessert. There was so much

begin preparing tonight's supper, dress Penny after her noon nap,and start off on the daily trek to Wind... dSvi /4ouce sKnudden

the house. The house—standing a

little embarrassed in its seminudity, patiently awaiting the nails and in-,. ft

ner organs, the eavestrough collar, and painted coat which would seal its destiny as a respected member pleted the foundation of the house, of the new community. and she and Tom had gazed lovBut before two o'clock, before the ingly at the solid base of their house

grind of hammering and sandpaper-—that day had not been drudgery;

ing and painting would begin again, it had been an exciting, jubilant bethere was this one luxurious halfginning for their own work. And

hour of rest and quiet. She thumbed the day Tom had finished all the

through the magazine looking for outer studding, what an unbounded the story which had been left unfinished yesterday. Something about

second wind, it had been—a boy,

grudgingly taken on a hunting trip by his father, and saving the wounded father's life by making a man's effort, furiously paddling against river current to reach help.

Nora's eyes fell on the sentence she had been reading when she put down the book yesterday. "Nearly

exhausted, for the first time in his life he experienced the phenomenon of second wind.''

Nora began to drink her soup slowly, not reading further, but speculating on the previously uninteresting subject of second wind.

Just what was it like? Did one have

to be an active sportsman to experience it? She reviewed her own activities: the housework, cooking, the thrill it had been to stand in the hot to carry, and she might be able to

caring for Penny, and now this new sun that day and look with pride send a neighbor's child to the store project of building the house with at the strong skeleton of their for ice cream.

their own muscles and sweat. But house! The stew having been precooked

it was Tom's muscles that naturally Yet none of it was this elusive in its saucepan, she began packing carried the greatest load of work second wind business. Amused at the blue canvas utility bag. Nora

after his own day's work at the her own curiosity, Nora finally speculated on the undoubted astonplant. She must be content to fit picked up the sandwich and went ishment of the manufacturer if he

windows, paint, run errands, and on to finish the story. were given a glimpse of the variety

make endless phone calls to track and quantity of articles which she down fugitive materials. None of Tn the beginning, two months ago, daily succeeded in stowing into the

it really constituted the kind of it had been a challenge to prezippered bag. First, a change of

labored effort that might bring the pare an appetizing supper that could dress for Penny so she would look exhilarating sensation of second be reheated at the house for their presentable on the busride home wind.yes—dayDrudgeryin and daymuchout ofworkit was,with eveningsome fortymealcasseroles,with Tom. stews,And afterand lotafterallgrubbingafternoon.aroundThenthetheunsoddedtightly

sometimes little sense of accomplishsalads, it was something less than a covered stewpan, a package of iron ment. challenge; it was a downright enelbows for the plumbing connecAnd yet she must not complain of durance test. Just how many variations, the vacuum flask of cool milk,

it. The day the subcontractor comtions were there to a meal which the package of salad makings, a

716 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA clean towel so they could all wash watching the departing bus. Ah, stairwell or drop nails down the

before coming home, a banana for well, if they had a car, they wouldn't drainpipe....

Penny's afternoon snack. And the have had the down payment for the She unlocked the door, and Penbag's contents had to be scienhouse, Nora reflected. Penny, inny scrambled into the "vestibule,"

tifically packed. One shift of those tent on a new role as mother's little turning around to declare lustily

heavy iron elbows and the banana helper, struggled valiantly with the that she was hungry. Nora had no

would be a sorry mass! heavy bag. foreboding before she opened the

From the bedroom there came a "Penny, you can't possibly lift bag. She simply unzipped it and

preliminary thump and the peculiar that. Get in the stroller, honey, and then froze in horror. The single fall

dialogue of a twoyear-old deciding we'll put the bag on the footrest. to the ground had spilled enough of

to herself that she has been asleep No, you get in. You've got all afterthe rich brown stew to make Penquite long enough. noon to trot around on your own ny's change of dress resemble a

Nora opened the door; they studfeet."stained pudding cloth. The banana,

ied each other with secret pleasure Nora stowed the supper bag unhaving come in brutal contact with for a moment; and then Nora der the child's feet and was promptiron elbows, would have to be rereached quickly for the little girl's ly faced with the choice of leaving moved with a spoon and a delicate

clothes and began dressing her bethe two little fat legs in a cramped hand.

fore the sturdy little body could position or giving in to her daughWith an effort, Nora made a erupt into violent activity. ter's desire to dawdle happily up strained joke of it. "Well, you can

Fifteen minutes later Penny sat the street under her own power. It's have a drink of milk, anyway,

with dignity in her folding stroller not far, she decided; she won't be Toodles."She unscrewed the vacuas Nora, purse and utility bag in uncomfortable for just a few minum flask and knew the worst before

hand, trundled the six city blocks to utes. the cork had been withdrawn. The

the suburban bus. Magnanimously Penny was uncomfortable. At glass lining was shattered, their

scattering smiles to passersby, the the first squirm Nora's hand flew supply of milk ruined, and the nearlate. It fell to the est store four graveled, heatsoaked sunnyhaired child cared nothing to the bag—too

that her mother realized, too late, gravel road with a clump. She blocks away.

that in the lastminute rush she had caught the handles resignedly and On the emergency shelf in the forgotten to comb her hair and there trudged ahead. kitchen she found a biscuit for Penwas not a comb in her purse. She climbed the steps to the rough ny. Well, there was nothing to do

looking without door up temporary at once. In begin but work June to side stood they one Nora when the house. of at front the The certain could they so been they had the for stop, reached waiting bus slow, ungrowth changes were and the October. into house by move the to other so get passengers on

It depressonly dramatic was now. it's if rough,"had "Even Tom that her elaborate with scramble blind, the to ing see look and up if earnestly, "even do planned we the stroller, folded the bag, heavy the eyeless openings bedroom where nails clothes to on our have hang least at Penny, reand not would be. consudden should windows A in doorevery don't doors have and sult in torn limbs frayed tempers and

I striction throat. her only caught in we'll house and our way, be own fellowtravelers. her from

to here, a a hours have few day work all time. traveling that save can we settled her equipage, Finally with I desperately. she thought Maybe finall place the have could We hair her tried with her combing she I I insisted took too on much when the winter."ished of end by

all fingers, she as usual but needed ten digits to confine Penny's restPrying open a paint can Nora lessness. She had closed the winconsidered how much easier things

dow to prevent the child dangling would be if they could move into the house. No more busses, no more

tyranny of the blue supper bag;

when their evening's work was She thumbed through the magazine done, they could simply go upstairs looking [or the story which had to bed, no more long rides home.

been left unfinished yesterday.... But it was August now, and there

was so much to be done. As week

by week slipped by she had lowered her standards of the term "habout by her kneecaps, and now the Before the grind of hamitable."Let the staircase wait; they

heat in the bus became a thing of mering and sandpapering could use the ladder to the bedhot fingers pressing on her brain. and painting would begin, rooms. Kitchen cabinets weren't a

floors. nor were finished the forgot she time After a heat, there was this one luxurinecessity

far plumbing was still last And yet the the of the crowded watching ous halfhour. from finished; the heating system city streets give way to pleasant

suburban greenness and tranquility. was imperative before they moved

But here it was again: the efficient could fit those windows. But it in for the winter, and even her wingathering up of her appendages, and looked like an interesting job, somedows were only half ready. / don't

even after long practice it was still thing I could handle. I can still do see how we can do it in time.

an ungraceful scramble. it; it just takes so much time to see The screwdriver slipped suddenly

They stood on the sidewalk that Penny doesn't dive down the (Continued on page 750)

OCTOBER 1951 717 I brought a package of raisins from my own food supplies for our "provisions''as we set out to exThe Importance plore the wilderness, as had the party of Lewis and Clark. Here the

small Indian girl Patsy led us.

"Watch out for mountain lions,"I Teachin called to her. "Be careful. Our

lives depend on you."

Patsy began to enjoy the game.

Bu Jns B,rooun She laughed gleefully, strutted i ahead of us as we threaded our way carefully through the driedout

hill, the orchard, sagebrush up and

I pull THREETHIRTY I'll the girls. ute, down get provisions some for in the the night"camp "made

flag American theAT tattered from for us, we'll then take exploring an shelter stalof rocks. high pinto The flimsy pole the of on top trip. ramto are going play the We lion to us, nickered asking "King"

shackle Pine schoolhouse Creek called Sacajawea.''game join invitation to fun. the an Nelda

teacher. building,where I am The the ranch, alone as on were We him, so followed answered us as he

its in respectable days, a trailer. was It is usual. a miles hundred perilous our journey, resumed we leaks roof sides water; theThe to the public nearest no cliffs, the bed, creek over the overtown—with up

air. leak five are for seats There transportation, telephone, no and with guide leading our Sacajawea

five pupils, the of the seats none left even without a car on were we us.

being suitable. Two of the pupils the place. The teacher required to Life was good on the sunny hills have the through gone in seats term this live at for place the must cook that evening as dramatized we in they could the which touch not girls herself, three and chop wood to history the bind American up

floor. pitch to to keep them hay warm, to a child, of give her a wounds

are There considerations many school, the teach while stock, and with device. banner a proud The this that school make an ineffective relieve the parents the the tedium of scented the sagebrush air with

instrument of teaching. Still some isolation by weeklong trips to town. [Continued on page 733)

things have been accomplished.

work Among these five pupils is the Teaching—Realization of dreams plus—Photograph by Eva Luoma

child Patsy, of American Indian descent, of a sordid family background, and of a quite unhappy present. In school I found her to

be at first an amiable but disinterested pupil, a poor reader. But when

we came to history study, there was inescapably the Indian. Patsy lost

her aloofness. At the first mention

of the word by the teacher, she colored up and shrank back in her seat as if I had hit her. It was plain

enough that the word to her was a slur, a word that meant an accumulation of shames and faults.

So now in class Nelda spoke up protectively, "Patsy doesn't like to talk about Indians."

Indian!

Patsy must learn to wear the word proudly, not to cringe under it as a shameful thing.

We began with Sacajawea. I had

the eighthgrade girl read the story from the history books, the inspiring true story of the Indian girl who led Lewis and Clark over the mountains and uncharted plains, and to whom those white men paid great tribute. Patsy squirmed uncomfortably at the insistence on Indian.

After I dismissed school that day,

I called to the three pupils of the schoolboard family. "Wait a min718 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

AUSTRALIA Ar X/imlvv rield i About twenty years ago Florence ancestors of whom no trace could M. Bailey approached several Dm (Lisle r. jartanon be found has been discovered by

publicminded men in the great those copying for the genealogical city of Sydney, Australia, and prosociety of the church.

posed the formation of a genealogsteadily gathering force with the People became curious and often ical society in that city. Prior to years. On one occasion there were resentful, complaining that we

this time there was no such oronly two workers prepared to visit should not disturb the dead. One

ganization in Australia, but through Waronora Cemetery. The day was young man passed a rude remark

Sister Bailey's proposal the Society hot and oppressive; one of the workbehind one worker, who, upon lookof Australian Genealogists was ers suggested they take a rest. The ing up, recognized him as a lad who

created. other replied, "I am going, if I go had often visited her home. SpeakToday we may find similar oring his name, she asked if he reganizations in every capital city of membered her and reminded him

Australia working diligently for the Genealogy of those visits. He politely inpreservation of family records and quired the purpose in copying the

statistics, which are being collected engravings, and when told it was from newspapers, wills, title deeds alone."Both went. During the to preserve records of Australian

of land, and from inscriptions on afternoon one group of inscriptions people, he was happy to conduct tombstones in cemeteries throughwas somewhat complicated, and aid her to his parents'graves and introout the continent. was requested by one worker of duce his sisters, requesting them to

In the Australian Mission great the other in fathoming the relationsupply all information relative to activity and interest are displayed ship of the group. With an extheir family.

in this work by members of the clamation of amazement, the worker Engaging in research in the geneChurch who have been organized who had suggested canceling work alogical library in Salt Lake City,

I saw a lady studying a book which

I recognized as being in my own handwriting. It was a book of records I had personally copied from

the tombstones in Waronora Cemetery, New South Wales, Australia.

I was thrilled to know these records were of such value that they were being indexed and alphabetically ers—thousandsprinted for the benefitand thousandsof researchof

names!

Standing there, my mind traveled across the trackless blue Pacific to

Australia, to those large cemeteries covering many square miles of mother earth. I visualized the group

with which I had worked. The cold

winter winds, scorching summer's sun, damp earth underfoot, sandin Florence Sydney, Australia, where A scene M. Bailey first approached several men, proposing the flies, ants, flies, parched throats, city. offormation society for that a genealogical

many miles of traveling by train, all into groups under trained superfor the day discovered that the endured by those loyal Latterday vision for the purpose of collecting stone held information which she Saints whose souls are filled with information from cemetery tombhad repeatedly tried to find and determination to do that which they stones. Cemetery trusts will not which was required to complete a know to be right. A great admirapermit the copying of records from line in her own genealogy. How tion swept over me. Gladness filled

their registers, but raise no objecthankful she was that she had not my heart and tears of joy welled tion to groups taking inscriptions slackened in her duty that day! to my eyes.

from monuments or tablets in the The Lord rewarded her a hundredFor over a year the largest cemecremation section. fold for her efforts. tery in the southern hemisphere>

Slow to begin, the project gradSimilar incidents have occurred. that great necropolis or city of the

ually gained impetus and is now Information regarding relatives and (Concluded on page 728)

OCTOBER 1951 719 of Jacob the home X*If ACOB HAMBLIN... Utah, in Kanab, ||f:Hamblin

:lg||lf in early spring of the

flpp year 1883, preparations Story of his were underway to make another trip into Arizona. Members

of his family were accustomed to the usual routine that preceded a trip into Navajo country. An older

son saw to it that his horse was freshly shod, while Jacob himself epatron*KVe'S!S'***?a'jrtCmiJVvCjyrWA y -WaStf*****'-:'

brought out the last and put new soles and heels on his own boots. at Lee's Ferry, and looked up at the Although Jacob went first to

His wife might sit up later for a towering crags and peaks, he felt Round Valley, he decided to go to few evenings in order to finish that Echo Cliffs would never again Pleasanton, New Mexico (near the knitting a couple of pairs of wool reecho the sounds from his wagons. present town of Glenwood). Here

socks and mend his warm shirts, One afternoon, as they neared the the water from the river and the and underclothes. Then, early some end of their journey, two of the fertile valley gave promise of susmorning, with pockets and saddlechildren were out walking alongtenance for a community. The plan

bags filled with parched corn and side when the wagon toppedthe was to buy the farming land from jerkey (lean meat cut in strips and crest of a hill. It looked to them like the cattlemen. This was the era of

dried), he would ride southward, thousands of Indians, Navajos, "cattle kings."Some were of Engto return weeks later with his misspread out across the flat. Several

sion accomplished. of them came galloping toward the

But this time it was different; wagon with a whoop, while the chilJacob was not leaving the family

behind. The lead and trail wagons

were packed with food, clothing, and bedding, and ready to roll; and

his wife, Louisa Bonelli, and her children were going to Arizona to live.

Jacob was now sixtyfour years of age. He had given his best years

to the Church, responding to the frequent calls made by its leadership. He had carried the gospel

message to the Piutes, the peaceful

Hopi clansmen in their ancient villages atop the high mesas, and to the proud nomadic, warlike Navajos; and what was equally important, he had acted as peacemaker,

often at the peril of his life. Without the friendship thus cemented

and the confidence thus created in these peoples by Jacob, the early settlement of northern Arizona would have been impossible without serious bloodshed. Now he had

been relieved of this assignment and had been given the blessing of his

Church. dren hurriedly climbed into it and The Navajos had been on a raid against Geronimo.

As he traveled the familiar roads clutched their mother's skirts. Her

day after day, Jacob's eyes looked face paled as the Indians came lish origin, coming with money and at the hues of the Vermilion Cliffs near; but recognizing her husband, looking for opportunity; others came

and wondered whether he would they shouted, "Jacob!"Never had from the South after the Civil War;

ever pass this way again. He ponthat word sounded so good to the some came because a sheriff was on

dered upon the journeys he had children nor to their mother nor to their trail.

made to Fort Defiance for the great Jacob. These Navajos had been A verbal agreement for the purpeace conference in 1871; or to on a raid against Geronimo and chase of the land was made. Jacob

Granado, Red Lake, and Oraibi. were spread out over the flat trying counseled each man to make sure

As he forded the Colorado River to capture some antelope for meat. that he completed the transaction

720 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA could find the freshly planted seed. Mexico. Pleasanton was directly in

A large adobe fort and storethe path that Geronimo followed in house was built at a central point. his periodic raids.

A welcome cash income was to be If a man at work in the fields saw had by freighting supplies from Indians, he would hurry to the vilSilver City to a silver mine at Molage, shouting "Geronimo,"and all would hasten to the fort for a few hours or maybe overnight. At one

time they were held in a state of

Dm <=>Lcouide c=Lee Uldaii crysiegecamefor ina theweek.middleSometimesof the night,the

and the mother, perhaps alone, would awake and scurry with her gollon, in the mountains; the silver small children to the fort for proore was hauled back to Silver City. tection. The men on the freight

"Geronimo,"the war cry of road also had to be always on the

World War II paratroopers, meant lookout for Indians.

something different to the greatThe community of Pleasanton grandsons of Jacob Hamblin than knew three years of happiness and it did to his small sons and daughprosperity; three times crops were

ters in Pleasanton in 1883-4-5. Geplanted and harvested. As many of

ronimo, an Apache Indian chief, had the men as could be spared traveled been doublecrossed by a young the freight road from Silver City to

West Point officer. He gathered a Mogollon. Each time they detoured

band of warriors and led them in by "home"they brought with them raids of revenge against all white a plow or a new wagon, shoes for men for a number of years. His the women and children (the latter

practice was to attack a small vilto be worn in winter only), heavy and procured his deed. There were lage, kill whom he could, steal the boots for the men, a new stove, or

eight families who moved in. Houses loose stock, then evade the troops springs for the bed, yardage of

of adobe and logs were built. The sent to capture him by going into gingham and calico, for Geronimo had been captured and exiled toland was cleared, and a diversion

feeling ofdam of rocks and brush was thrown a distant prison. A

across the river. security and wellbeing developed, when alas, with the heatDitches were dug of midsummer 1886, the villageso that as soon as

was struck by an epidemic ofthe plow was put to the virgin soil, the "chills and fever."

Continued on page 741)lifegiving water

OCTOBER 1951 721 N TIHI &&\z*><jce\& E J HARMONY IN BOOK OF ""Phis gifted Brazilian writer has made THE PICTURE WINDOW

MORMON GEOGRAPHY a stirring story of the early history (Josephine Lawrence. William Mor-

(Walter M. Stout. Published by the of Southern Brazil from 1845 to 1895. row & Co., New York. 1951. 308

author, 624 Avenue F., Boulder City, Time really is the protagonist, against pages. $3.00.)

31Nevada. pages. $1.00.) of the backdrop which the is a novelist Lawrence author Josephine

'"Phis is intelligent jealousies, a story of rivalries, an weaves attempt to bring that attack problems who dares about unity among students of the and revolutions. From a rural, isolated need thoughtful consideration. In this

muchdiscussed subject of Book of farm the story indicates the developher latest she attacks the problem of its of regeography. limited ment theMormon With urbanization—with inlaws. older of Even people—and sultant problems and tragedies. accurate Few information at students hand if so there good people are no two

of the subject will naturally continue writers have so keen an understanding as Garth and Bonnie, there should of people as Erico Verissimo. if the of them, more many A thorbe—many, Brazilian, oughgoing he, in addition,

place to differ in their conclusions.—/. A. W. in which world is to good be a

has a rare understanding of the United to live. Marriage with four inlaws,

States,MR. here, having spent JUSTICE some time SUTHERLAND others to five, to increased be soon and

(Joel Francis Paschal. Princeton at Mills in CaliUni- teaching College

live, to kindness a place need and who versity Press, Princeton, fornia. New Jersey. is ordinarily not anyone's formula267 for pages. $4.00.)—M. C. /. it of that is happiness, but all what /.eorge Sutherland was a great

selfrespect takes to assure hapand

American who whether in private THE SKY CLEARS piness to Garth and Bonnie Wheeler.

life office or public notable rendered Day. (A. Grove Macmillan Company,—M. C. /.service to his country. As Congress1951. York, 204 pages. $3.00.) New

man, U. S. Senator, and Justice of the

Supreme Court, he distinguished himHPhis book of poetry of the American THANKS TO NOAH self as patriot, lover of the common Indians is an exciting one, bring- (George and Helen Papashvily. Harman, and defender of the Constitution ing as it does, an insight into the culper & Bros., New York. 1951. 167

and the right of personal liberty which tural life of these truly great peoples. pages. $2.50.)

it grants. The author rightly points out, "The 'T'he author's very first words serve

The story of this man's life and Indian has been too often portrayed to bring the reader up short: "Unliterature either in a sentimentalizparticularly of his related the in to work, less you've an loved animal—given ing tinged with in a manner mood or lived,times he in which told is well to live in, corner heart one a of your

suspicion misunderstanding."and His of the the Dr. Paschalby faculty of this then is not for you."Writbook

.. desire is to reveal the Indian as ".University Carolina. of North Even the ten in quaint speech of one who

to those who knew him, many are yet a man, with human feelings and human has learned English, the book preserves living, the stature of greatness in failings."the Old World quality of witchery

George Sutherland increases by the Most of the poetry of the Indians that endows animals with human reading of this scholarly, temperate, originated from the use of song—rather qualities, and humans with qualities

yet inquiring book. than for mere entertainment. This that make them love animals.

Above all things Justice Sutherland book affords the rare opportunity of It is a book to make all folk kinder

American. an getting intowas soul the The Constitution the poetry to more considerate of animals—and his first support, finding soul,demanded and in that he gave of the Indian—andbehind people. M. C. J.

it full his liberty, defense. Personal the something to respect genuine to and

rights of freedom for every man, the learn to love. M. C. J.

avoidance of "surplus"government, ENTER MRS. BELCHAMBER

and other like principles of life in a (Elizabeth Cadell. William Morrow

democracy he found in the ConstituTHERE'S ALWAYS & Co., New York. 1951. 247 pages.tion. For these things he battled his ADVENTURE $3.00.)

E. (Grace Barstowlife Murphy. all Harper long the with of his power in is this serious world someLIumor

Bros., 1951. York. pages. 299 & clear New mind.remarkably

thing to particularly be welcomed, $4.00.) of Millions reason Americans have

it is if clean, the of Elizagay humor forto grateful the be service of George author a for all statement made HPhe beth Cadell. a Mrs. Belchamber,

his to citizens. fellowSutherland time "If she wrote: adventure when old driving adopts Christopher woman,

Justice Sutherland George was a curious a and are not mind within his three charges and as leave they son of Utah. We of Utah, and all one's inner self, travel is merely restFrance for England. In spite of

readers of the Era, should welcome less motion."The Murphys found everything that later Christopher and

this readable relates book, which adventure both and abroad his at home a friend of can do, she remains things other Sutherland'samong they early because maintained them. the spirit of with she However, does have

life in at Brighis education Utah, strong adventure within themselves. points, such as cleaning her good up

University, his andham never Young those this to unable travel For the book are house they where encamped tribute towavering G. Maeser as will for prove it covers welcome, while the one much of charges recovers

inspirer in hisa great A. W. of the western hemisphere conand from measles pointing the reout Karllife.—/, and

siderable of Europe and the South sponsibilities of the cleaning woman

TIME ANDTHE WIND Seas. And through it all, the author as well as the master of the house. A

(Erico Verissimo. Macmillan Comstresses the importance of family love delightful book, it will sweep away the

pany, New York. 1951. 624 pages. and loyalty—welcome emphasis in this cobwebs of the workaday world.

$4.95.) day of easy divorce. M. C. J.—M. C. /.

722 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Timothy Quicksteps

the early days at Fairview,In Utah, most oldcountry folk Prayer were given nicknames, which in some instances fit exactly. Niels vDia William *Jy. JeLerson

J. Nielsen, when a young man, had

a nervous, highstrung disposition.

He had fiery red hair, and his everyone would get his fair share Burning brick is a twentyfour- movements were quick. He was for the labor actually performed. hour-a-day job. The fires must be

an adobemaker and a brick mason It was a busy summer for all of us, kept just so, and the arches must by trade and generally ran to and as we were raising some crops and always show a certain color until from his work. He made what putting in all the time we could the job is completed. About four

were called "slush adobes,"the spare on the brickyard; the family, days after the fires were started, it

mud being mixed by his bare feet together with inlaws, was large commenced raining and poured and a shovel. While at the adobe enough to handle the job without down night and day until the roads

yard he went barefoot with his hiring any help. When the kiln and country all around were soaked

trousers rolled up to his knees, and was completed in the fall, it conand impassable. Our bricks were

traveled at a keen trot while carrytained seventyfive thousand brick. only half burned when we dising the adobes over the yard. He Wood was hauled to the yard and covered that we did not have

was chuck full of vitality, and when piled in great tiers in preparation enough wood to finish the job. We

his day's work was finished, he for the time when the kiln would tried hauling it from the hills, but would run home, straight up Main be fired. Finally George Davis the horses would mire down the

Street, barefoot, pants rolled up to thought we had sufficient wood, and minute we got off the road. We

his knees, head thrown back, his the fires were started in the arches. gathered all the wood on the homered hair gleaming in the evening Our brick kiln was underway! (Concluded on page 750)

light. Loungers on the sidewalks

called him "Timothy Quickstep,"and the name stuck. It fit him exactly. Many of the oldtimers remember him by no other name, and

though his children resented it at the time, I think we are all proud to be known as Timothy Quickstep's children today.

In the year 1915 our family lived at Cederview, Utah, on the former

Uintah Indian reservation on a part of the eldest son's homestead. That

country was newly settled, and times were hard. There was, however, a demand for building material of all kinds, as the settlers were

building homes and business houses as fast as they could afford them.

George Davis, a sonin-law of Timothy Quickstep, suggested that the family all go in together and make a kiln of brick, as there was excellent brick clay on the homestead.

Father called the family together to plan the details. George Davis

was put in charge since he knew how to make brick from the molding to the building of the kiln and the burning of the brick. Father kept

a strict account of all the labor done by every man and boy on the job, with the understanding that when the brick was finished and sold,

OCTOBER 1951 723 I lifted theFORtheTHEbolthundredthon my rifle.time Yes,

cartridge was in the chamber.

The mechanism was in perfect working order. All I had to do was

shoot.

The bolt slid easily into place with a soft metallic click, and I dropped the sights on a white rock, which for the moment became an imaginary deer.

For five years I had come with

Joe and the bunch to hunt deer.

For five years I had determined not to return home without at least a spike buck. But each year my

nerveless trigger finger had let the deer slip into the trees or over the hill without a shot. And each year

I had been ribbed unmercifully when I brought home a pocket full of sketches instead of venison.

It wasn't that I couldn't shoot with the best of them. I had shot

on a rifle team which had placed high in the running at Camp Perry.

The blue ribbon on my navy uniform was won as an "expert"with a fortyfive automatic. My trouble

is—I'm an artist.

The things which thrill the average hunter thrill me also. The

audible bounce of a deer, the majestic rack of its antlers, its breakneck speed have always sent chills up my spine. But where other

hunters have thrown guns to their shoulders, I have tossed mine to Each year my nerveless fingers let the deer slip the ground. Where they have into the trees or over the hill without a shot.

brought back the trophy in a trailer, mine has always been on a scrap aspens, the crash of a rifle sounded know what the fellows said,''Noof paper. from the hill above me. The legs deer—no hunt next year.'This year would be different. I

of folded, his the deer dressed, the and deer body was we When their ultimatum. given been No

it into then, after ploughed tne the mud, brush through dragged down season. next This hunthaddeer—no still. jerks, convulsive a lay to the old few logging road and hung

in it. I'd a deer bring backwas

still rifle it it at side in a tree was could be when reached where my My oil flesh paintsthe or dump my hill to the the ran Evert truck. the pickup down Joe byinto the Bear rdver.

deer. I helped him drag the big At camp Joe mentioned nothing

Again I checked my rifle. The fourpointer to the aspens where of my failing to take a shot at the

cartridge was still in the chamber. we hoisted it with a length of deer, but the others in the group

The bolt still slid easily back into rope. wondered if the pattern of my beplace. The safety could easily be "What's the matter, Andy? Why havior was running true to form.

moved into firing position. I was didn't you shoot?"Joe wanted to "How did old Pencillead-bullets

ready. know. "That buck almost ran over do today?"asked Red Elliot, with

The oak brush in front of me exthe top of you."a laugh. "Did you bring back a

ploded as a charging buck burst "He surprised me,"I said. "By locker full of paper deer?"

through it, I was almost knocked the time I got my gun up, you "Didn't have much chance,"I to the ground as the animal crashed brought him down."said, but I avoided Joe's glance as

down the side of the ravine. Fasci- "I suppose you got some pictures I said it.

nated by the rippling muscles, the of him."Joe was sarcastic. "What about yourself, Red?"

driving legs, the majestic carriage "You got a buck for yourself, I asked. "You can't hit the side of

of his head, I just watched. Joe,"I said. "You're not too sorry a barn with a pan of wheat—with

As the buck bounded toward the I didn't shoot."the doors shut. Who's going to get

protection of a grove of quaking "O.K.,"was his retort, "but you yours for you this year?"

724 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Pencil Lead Bullets

Jtom and Jriiudtratlond bu jrarreli f\. Lottett

"I got one last year, didn't I?"last year. I could still envision how the night. Next morning Ross and

answered Red. the huge buck had cleared a windRed elected to hunt close to camp.

"Yes,"said Joe, "but you had fall after winding me. He had been Joe and I decided to try the Diato ride it to death to do it."a perfect target, but I couldn't have mond Fork area again. The dense

"What's the gag?"laughed Ross shot if he had charged me. forest covering of spruce, alpine

Peters, a newcomer with the party. Red must have sensed what I fir, aspens, and oak brush would

"Sure thing,"said Red with a was thinking, for he said, "It will be sure to offer a refuge to Old sober face. "I knocked a buck be just our luck for Andy to be the Rocking Chair.

down, and just as I reached him, one to see him. Though I doubt that "Better take my buck, Red, if

he got up with me on top of him. he'll be in this area after the barrage you don't get one,"offered Joe.

I grabbed an antler in each hand, laid down today.""Then if I don't help Andy get one,

and boy, oh, boy, did I have a "Well,"I chuckled, "if I see him, you can let me have a quarter when ride!"he at least will be around to give we get down."

Ross bit for the gag. The day passed slowly, as

"Well, how did you get we slogged up and down him?"hills fighting our way

Red still held a straight through oak tangles, and face. "I just hung on until combing the draws and rawe rounded a cliff, then vines in an effort to break a

grabbed a rock off a ledge, deer from cover.

and hit him behind the ears "They hear us coming till he dropped."and just circle around beRoss roared with laughter hind us,"complained Joe,

with the rest. when the two of us came

"Say!"Red suddenly retogether in one of our meetmembered. "Ralph Astle told ings in a shallow pass.

me that a ranger saw 'Old The day wore on, and we

Rocking Chair'just night beseparated to cover each side fore last."of a small canyon. I reached

"Where was he seen?"Joe the pass at the other end bewas all animation. Old Rock11 fore Joe did and sat down on

ing Chair was an almost a wet rock to rest.

legendary buck of tremenThe aspens on the hill dous size. How he had esabove me shivered in the

caped the army of hunters cold October wind which for the past five years was whipped up the canyon.

almost miraculous. Their shaking limbs were

"The ranger caught a bare except for one or two glimpse of him up Diamond clinging, trembling leaves.

Fork Canyon just at dusk. He was the rest of you a chance at him next The maples around me in their

standing right in the road as the year."drab undress presented quite a

Forest Service jeep came up from "No kiddin',"was Red's reply. contrast to the flaming frock they

Hoback. He says that the old boy The following day was another wore a month before. Oak brush,

has another rack like a bull elk."one of snow, sleet, rain, and occaalso leafless, seemed to cover the

"Was he sure it was the 'Old sional sun. Night found Ross with slopes like a tattered mist, and

Rocker'?"Joe wanted to know. a deer to his credit. Joe stayed even the pines seemed to wear

pretty close to me during the day, mourning because of summer's pass- 'Yes. He had the white markso he knew that a buck had not ing.ing on his left hind leg,"Red ancome my way. All of us were dogThe midafternoon sun at last

swered. tired, but each of us had seen the broke through the wet blanket of

Stories about the old buck, most track of a huge buck, and our scudding clouds which intermittentof which were pure fabrication or spirits were still up. ly had hurled snow, sleet, and rain

which had grown in stature with "I'll have to leave by five tomorduring the day. Its rays smiled

the years, flowed from the group row afternoon,"said Red. "I have feebly in a halfhearted attempt to

like water. This gave me a chance to be back on the job the next lessen the chill of the breeze but

to feel comfortable once more. morning."did, however, offer a picture of

I had seen the elklike deer only Rain and sleet again fell during {Continued on page 764)

OCTOBER 1951 725

Atttemph to /"/wue

iiFTJHE Book of Mormon has I withstood a century of atTHE BOOK OF MORMON tempts to prove it manmade.

Despite fierce and unending assaults it continues to challenge the attenan-made tion and scrutiny of the world.

"One result of this vigorous opBy 3iranci5 Ha J\imkam, jk. <=JJ.

position has been the formation of a large Book of Mormon literature.

Friend and foe have sought and upon the world, calculated to deGrandin, Palmyra, New York, in sifted sources and evidences to supceive and ruin millions who will August 1829. Each night after the

port their views. Few books have receive it as the word of God."usual work of the day, the printing

been as thoroughly examined,"On March 26, 1830 the Book of continued over eight months until writes Dr. John A. Widtsoe. Mormon was announced for sale the book was offered for sale.

"The Book of Mormon must be by the Wayne Sentinel at the village The preface taken from the plates, either true or false,"wrote Orson of Palmyra, New York. Joseph in part, describes the Book of MorPratt, in 1840, an early convert to Smith had secured the copyright on mon, as an account written by the

the Church. "If true, it is one of the June 11, 1829, and in keeping with hand of Mormon, upon plates takenmost important messages sent from the requirements of the law, had from the plates of Nephi—"Written

God to man. If false, it is one of signed his name as author and proby way of commandment, and also

the most cunning, wicked, bold, prietor. The manuscript was deby the spirit of prophecy and of

deeplaid impositions ever palmed livered by him to the printer, E. B. revelation—Written and sealed up,

and hid up unto the Lord, that they might not be destroyed—To come

forth by the gift and power of God unto the interpretation thereof....

Till And also to the convincing of the

Jew and Gentile that Jesus is the

BOOK OF MOBMOJV ingChrist,himselfthe Eternalunto all God,nations.manifest-... *

Joseph Smith declared this preface was not written by any man in generation. It was taken from WRITTEN BY THE H\ND OF MOB his m ACCOUNT'plates. the

MON, UPON PLATES TAKEN FROM Advertiser Daily Rochester The about York, Rochester, THE PLATES OF XBPHI...: v of New

twenty miles from Palmyra, pub- 2, 1830, of April date lished under v... i* pi, -: "i K-,v of <U

* t >..,! "ii ofrantN> ai. > "w> it>- the fenestra, its *!-, publication, after.to.:..t. one only and week bvi.*t vtitft* P?vi -y.,fco..r.W n.|.ir.,:,-.mt

">''-* rf <! >";'wwo, KMttMm Wl.I,.. spirit,U!I..J.-of. Pnyhwy the following

ut faenuw wnv,.,, rf htd - uat<>

fi,iu ti>-. krl tbr<tt>< WfUt>,Kv ta*to cornsgift riforthGuu;m rfu<no tm*.iirUjjBMUMbym Blasphemy—Book of Mormon, alias the

Golden Bible.

rr <... nMM: wW-.. i - h. ui * "> * -,';; '<M The Book of Mormon has been placed

in our hands. A viler imposition was never

,-.. blasof fraud, It is evidence practiced......,Jm.g i.,.,:f,,,. ind..*,...-.;* /- -';JV;'V

to Chrisboth shocking ofCftiis.J. credulity, f.t-t phemy, aitltjn<i

tians and moralists....

challengIt and is an interesting JXOSXOMj BWtTH.f BY '3Q&&WH describe and to discover study ing X'&OI*14lET0ft? AUTHOR AWJ

":::;..''''"'.. '': ".::: ''"::.'M'the many attempts to prove the Book

of Mormon manmade.

'"'>"PALMIRA; From the newspapers published

at Palmyra, from books written by residents, from affidavits of citizens, it can be proved that the persons, places, events, and situations described by Joseph Smith concerning the "coming forth"of the book were common knowledge among the 726 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

people of Palmyra. The historical written at intervals and by different perwithin a few weeks'time of his hearevents are conceded, the divine sons during the long period of 1,020 years. ing the strange story, must be the

for of style there uniformity yet never Andpower in its writing, preservation, written evidently book more one man who planned the fraud and was a by and translation is denied. set of fingers, nor more certainly conwrote the Book of Mormon.

Obediah Dogberry, editor of the ceived in one cranium since the first book By searching, a manuscript was

Palmyra Reflector, asserts and aims appeared in human language, than this found which was claimed to give the historical background for theto prove its human origin in six sameman's book.voice, IffaceI couldor person,swear assumingto any

weekly published articles beginning different names, I could swear that this Book of Mormon. Joseph Smith was

January 6, 1831. book was written by one man. And as selected to present the book as a

Alexander Campbell, the noted Joseph Smith is a very ignorant man and divine record translated by the gift the title page, author is called on theevangelist and founder of the I and power of God. He no longer

that he a single doubt cannot for moment "Church of Christ,"also described is the sole author and proprietor of it.... deserved pity nor could he expect

the human origin of the book within It is as certainly Smith's fabrication as sympathy. He was in reality a

a year of its publication. His stateSatan is the father of lies, or darkness the vile deceiver, a public nuisance

ment, agreeing with Obediah Dogoffspring of light. So much for the internal that should be eliminated.

berry, was published first in The evidences of the Book of Mormon. The authors of the book called

Millennial Harbinger, February 7, About one month following the Mormonism Unveiled, which set 1831, was reprinted in the Painespreceding explanation of the Book forth this new explanation, had in ville Telegraph March 8 and March of Mormon by Alexander Campbell, their possession a manuscript writ15, 1831, Painesville, Ohio, and the Evangelical Inquirer, a Campten by Solomon Spaulding, which later printed by Joshua Hines of bellite publication at Dayton, Ohio, they declared provided the historBoston in 1832 under the title David I. Burnett, proprietor, pubical parts of the Book of Mormon.

Delusions. This came to be the lished a complete number, March 7, For obvious reasons, they refused

itsfirst to contents. reveal universally print or explanaaccepted 1831, to "Something new—The

the origin of thetion of fifty the years, scores next During reprinted Bible."This paper Book of Golden

Mormon other than the one by the from the Painesville Telegraph. The of books were written calling

Prophet Joseph Smith. above quoted article by Alexander Joseph Smith a vile deceiver. He

Alexander Campbell writes, Campbell refers to the writings of was building a church upon claimed "Every age of the world has proThomas Campbell, also a letter from revelations from God.

duced impostors and delusions."He the postmaster at Palmyra, and Fortunately, in 1884, the Solomon

then follows with a long description reaches the same conclusion that Spaulding manuscript secured by of false prophets and false Christs. Joseph Smith, an ignorant and imputhe authors of Mormonism Unveiled

In one place he writes, "We have dent knave, was the sole author of in 1833 was found and published.

been thus particular in giving a few the Book of Mormon. (Original It was evident that it had had no

of the incidents of the life of this pages at Yale University, New part in furnishing the contents of impostor, as a specimen of the Haven, Connecticut. the Book of Mormon. Also, its

others; and because of some remarkWithin four years, another exauthor, who denied the divinity of

able analogies between him and the planation for the Book of Mormon the Christian scriptures, did not

New York impostor, Joe Smith."became imperative. The believers in have the ability or character to conUnder the heading "Internal its divine origin had gathered at tribute to the prophecies, religious

Evidence,"he writes: Kirtland, Ohio, and in Missouri. teachings, and historical contents

It (the Book of Mormon) admits the They were Christian men and of the Book of Mormon.

Old and New Testaments to contain the women of intelligence, character, A different explanation was again ability. institutions,revelations, Protestant and and commandments were Some imperative the to prove made Book

.. hisof with God. eyes open man. No It ministers. evident the book was of manmade. Enemies Mormon

to bothcan admit books have come not written "ignorant from was by Joe stated lost that it a longer was the Bible Admitting receivedGod. now

to have come from God, it is impossible Smith."manuscript written by Solomon

that the Book of Mormon came from the The explanation by the people of Spaulding at a later date that was for author, the reasons: followingsame at the Palmyra place time and of used Sidney by Rigdon he when

1. its real author, as Smith, ignorant and its publication not could be true. the wrote not Book of Mormon, everas as a impudent knave wrote a book,

betrays the cloven foot in basing his whole Someone, "behind the scene,"with the one found and already pubbook upon a false fact, or a pretended religious training and ability had lished.

fact, a liar. which makes conceived a plan to deceive God the the turn of the century, With ignorant This impudent and liar, etc., ignorant superstitious. and Sidney a constantly with and growing

Rigdon, more than ten years the better attitude toward the LatterThrough nine reasons Campbell senior of Joseph Smith, a Baptist day Saints, many writers have positively and definitely makes preacher who joined the Church made various attempts to prove

Joseph Smith the sole author and the Book of Mormon manmade.

writer of the book. Joseph Smith has been called an

He makes the final summary with SMOKE SCENE epileptic, a paranoid, a mythmaker this remark: By S. H. Dewhurst of prodigious talents; a person

with a dissociated personality.

up the of the internal whole I will sum One writer declares: "The Bookevidences which worthy I deem of reONLYHugsthe theautumnbrittlenowbough,

mark in the following details: As gold leaves, brown leaves burning of Mormon reveals the background

The Book of Mormon professes to be Mark the year's swift turning. (Concluded on following page)

OCTOBER 1951 727 ATTEMPTS TO PROVE THE BOOK OF MORMON MANMADE (Concluded from preceding page) a base deceiver. An unbiased power since the death and resurof western New York of the first writer in 1951 asserts: "No Verrection of Christ. In a troubled

decade of the nineteenth century, mont schoolboy wrote this, [the and frightened world that recogas distorted by an adolescent mind, Book of Mormon], and no Presbynizes the need of faith in God and as recorded by that mind in terian preacher1 tinkered with these and a return in human life to an autistic state."pages."He permits the believers the teachings of the Master, the

More and more an effort is bein the divine origin of the book to Book of Mormon more and more make their own explanation, and challenges the sincere investigaing made to trace the contents of leaves their claims to the truthtion of all people everywhere.the Book of Mormon to the social

and religious environment in which seeker. This investigation will include

Joseph Smith lived. Confusion is The Book of Mormon, because the evidence of divine power in the

apparent among the writers. It of its divine origin, is the greatest coming forth of the Book of Morbecomes more and more difficult to challenge of evidence of divine mon, also the many changing atdeclare Joseph Smith an ignorant, 1 The Mormon, p. 21, reprinted by Deseret Book tempts since its publication to

deluded person, or assert he was BobbsMerrillCompany from Company,Faith and Inc.My 1951.Friends, Marcus Bach, prove it manmade.

THE SHIP "BROOKLYN"(Continued from page 709) but this is the worst gale I have "That storm passed away, and we 'hatched below'during a terrific known since I was master of a encountered another off Cape Horn, storm. Women and children were ship.'One woman, full of confidence in which one of the sailors was

at night lashed to their berths, for and zeal, answered him: 'Captain washed overboard. It was also durin no other way could they keep in. Richardson, we left for California ing a storm that Mrs. Laura GoodFurniture rolled back and forth enand we shall get there.'Another win was descending a stairway

dangering limb and life. The waves looked with a calm smile on her face when she was thrown heavily forswept the deck and even reached and said: 'Captain, I have no more ward, which caused premature conthe staterooms. A passenger refear than though we were on the finement and death to ensue.

lates that their only light was from solid land.'The captain gazed up- "They had a quick passage to

two lamps hung outside in the hall on them in mute surprise and left Cape Horn. Their little children

and these were dim and wavering them. As he went upstairs he exwere on deck every day, attending

from the movements of the vessel. claimed, 'These people have a faith school, jumping rope, and engaged

Children's voices crying in the darkthat I have not,'and added to a in other amusements. At no time

ness, mothers'voices soothing or gentleman, 'They are either fools was the thermometer in the cabin scolding, men's voices rising above and fear nothing, or they know more below 50 Fah. On the deck, at one

the others, all mingled with the than I do.'time, it fell for about three hours as

distressing groans and cries of the low as 36 which Captain Richardsick for help, and, above all, the son attributed to passing near an roaring of the wind and howling of iceberg. Ran up to the cape with

fairthe a west then tempest wind, took wind made a scene and feelAustralia—A Virgin Field a 60 in latitudeing indescribable. south ran and up to

"The effect and feeling at such (Concluded from page 719) four days, then took a south wind times were so wretched that with dead, with over two million interuntil they made longitude west of some of us the certainty of death ments at Rockwood, New South the cape, then had a fair wind down would not have roused us to an efWales, has been the center of the Pacific; experiencing a heavy

fort to save life in our own behalf. activity. Organized groups have gale from the south, and were unAnd yet even there amid such been allotted certain sections, and able to continue with safety, so they

scenes a few were cheerful and they spend many Sunday afterscudded before the wind until it sought to comfort others, and those noons and many holidays in this hauled to the east which brought never for a moment lost belief that manner. them to the island of Juan Ferthey would reach their journey's It is a huge undertaking. All nandez, where they found two famend. Upon one occasion, during a who have the opportunity should ilies living.

dreadful storm, the good old capcooperate and thus speed the work "The first settlement on this tain came down with grave countewhich is being eagerly awaited by island was burnt by the Peruvians nance. The passengers gathered the society in Utah. I can personseveral years ago, the fort dearound him to catch his words amid ally vouch for the soul satisfaction stroyed, the canoes sunk in the harthe confusion of the scene. He said: derived from this activity. There bor and the convicts carried away.

'My friends, there is a time in every is no greater project upon the earth The last settlement was abandoned man's life when it is fitting that he and none more fascinating and en- a few years ago, at the time of the should prepare to die. That time grossing. Those who have not asearthquake at Valparaiso when the

has come to us, and unless God sisted in cemetery work have missed island sank and rose about fifty interposes, we shall all go to the the most inspiring and satisfying feet; excellent water found, easy of

bottom; I have done all in my power, work of all. (Continued on page 730)

728 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Helps teachers in m every department'

That's why the Bell & Howell:..,.::.. IIP

WMKp Filmosound's so popular with.:<Msi sps?::::':-;'- religious educators everywhere!

mm

,.-""-":-

..: \.:::..;:.::; [: '::;:.:<

"Filmosound has augmented and enriched our teachAnd it's not surprising! For these people have found

ing in every department. We have used our Filmothat this Bell & Howell projector meets all the various

sound constantly for three years and found it dependrequirements of church film programs... and gives

able and easy to operate."Just one of many enthusiasactual "theater quality"projection. Ask your B&H

tic comments from religious leaders the nation over special representative for a demonstration today!

FILMOSOUND can add to your church program, too!

16mm SingleCase Filmosound for Dramatizes teaching for Sunday School classes either sound or silent film. Weighs only Helps build programs for meetings of

35% pounds. Full, natural sound at all Y.M.M.I.A. and Y.W.M.I.A.

volume levels. Precisionbuilt to give Entertains at social gatherings

most hours of projection time. With 6 Assists in missionary enterprises

inch builtin speaker or larger, separate Brings spiritual messages to "firesides"speakers. Helps in church promotional activities

Guaranteed for life. During life of product, any (Tear out and send today)

defects in workmanship or materials will be FREE!

remedied free (except transportation). FOR CHURCH FILM PROGRAMS

Bell & Howell Company 7177 McCormick Road Chicago 45, Illinois You buy ror life PleaseTruths,"sendyourmeinformative"Teaching Eternalbooklet when you buy gram.on using films in our church proName

Address..

City. Zone.—-State.Bell &Howell

OCTOBER 1951 729 THE SHIP "BROOKLYN"(Continued from page 728) sequently named San Francisco. few moments uniformed men trod

access, about two rods from the The Brooklyn proved a better ship the deck; we knew they werebeach; also plenty of wood. Goats, than was represented. Capt. Richfriends—Americans, not Mexicans.

hares and pigs abound; likewise, ardson and his first mate were good In our sweet native tongue the

figs and peaches. and kind to the ship's company; officer in command, with head un-

"At Juan Fernandez we went every book in the library was read. covered, courteously and confident-

'Ladies tone: in loud ly, a said Alto Goodwin. Mrs.ashore bury filled its the echo "A boom—and to the honor I have gentlemen, and so sorrowthe occasion wasthough air; the a salute cannon from it was in the are that you inform you little six the of presenceful, the

S. the fort, U. ordered by the of America.'Three of States United their in unconchildren sobbing reBrooklyn The commander. in reply given were cheers hearty his in the father grieftrollable and

felt all hearts more sponded, and rising lips, but faint weary and from to them,loneliness comfort trying still, such was our weariness of the cheerful and secure. Look! in the from hearts strong, brave, hopeful,

voyage that the sight of and tread dim distance a dark body gliding and loyal still.

upon terra firma once more was on the water towards us while the "They crowded upon the deck, such a relief from the ship life familiar strokes of the oars brought women and children, questioning that we gratefully realized and enit swiftly and steadily to our ship's husbands and fathers, and studied joyed it. The passengers bathed side. It was a sturdy rowboat, the picture before them—they would

and washed their clothing in the that seemed a familiar friend. In a never see it just the same again

fresh water, gathered fruit and poas the foggy curtains furled towards tatoes, caught fish, some eels, great the azure ceiling. How it imprinted

spotted creatures that looked so itself upon their minds! A long,

much like snakes that some members A MOTHER TO HER MISSIONARY sandy beach strewn with hides and of the company could not eat them SON skeletons of slaughtered cattle, a when cooked. We rambled about By Mildred Tenney Handy few scrubby oaks, farther back low

the island, visited the caves, one of sand hills rising behind each other a,s a background to a few old shanwhich was pointed out to us as the I WILLNor asknot alookfurtherbeyondgift thisof Providence;hour

veritable 'Robinson Crusoe's'cave, Your letter is enough to last me for all time ties that leaned away from the wind, and it was my good fortune to take Should I have only this for recompense. an old adobe barracks, a few donbe- along dejectedly plodding keysa sound nap there one pleasant

left of youth us, tender, young You a wood, bundles of towering neathafternoon. still lingers, of that day memory And

lazily stretched upon loungers left clear few poignant company "May 9th.—The

time has nothing could the Though as though slipped away on transient the beach reached Fernandez andJuan

Sandwich Islands June 25, anchored And wingsdays have melted far beyond a year. astonish them; and between the

in the harbor of Honolulu; the is- I saw you dimly, through warm tears picture and the emigrants still

... my little boy... my son so loomed up here and there, at the

tall,land of Oahu, the residence of King My babelately

Kamehamaha, where the company Who now would guard and succor all your first sight more distinctly, the black needs? sloops ships to and discharge days, eightremained

yet, I that water. And was all, and receive and woodcargo and would not keep you from your vessels—whalingof war—that was call. holy

Bro. Winmer on going ashore was For this I'd prayed since first you stirred Yerba Buena, now San Francisco,

arms. within my the landing place for the pilgrims native if he a was a misasked by

a cross such it then seem should Why of faith. he to answered whichsionary eyes? in eager impatience read your in To

the affirmative. I thought your leaving was our loss! "Soon came the order for unloadall activity, ing, being and all was Honolulu, leaving "July 3. On

solid to stand glad once on more went StocktonCommodore aboard Our forgiveloss? Today I prayed, dear Lord,

and inspected the 'Brooklyn,'and The selfish heart that would have held you ground. A few tents were erected,

to Into the these were soon filled. my side; and to procure the passengersadvised white sheets have on thin, words Your families sixteen old barracks were unsettled of the accountarms on soul pierced my

state of California; the ship's comWith unknown joy and reverent, humble crowded, their apartments being

pride. other divided quilts, or accomby conbought accordinglypany truth you've taken up with lance of The partitions. modating cooking The and $4 each. muskets at $3demned hands zealous

"The company celebrated the 4th Like those ancestral sires who gave their was to be done out of doors. The

willingly life's blood all that orders passed were around inspected and were of July, evil at last subdued be blackrobed disThat limits; certain the within must stay sea. were their arms. There the windwrought subdued charged As Christ

fifty Allen's revolvers and each man The thought that deadlier battlefields may war with Mexico was virtually had a military cap and suit of Will claimfill myyoudayssoonno more with fright; ended, but the vindictive enemy

clothes. The company were drilled. Your faith will be both sterling sword and lurked ever near, ready to wreak

shield unwary. vengeance upon the the reached "July 31st.-—They you later through the bloody To speed will, trying good "With hearty and landed of San Francisco harbor fight.

at Yerba Buena (which signifies a to make the best of everything, the good herb used by the Spaniards as I will not look beyond this hour new colony, carried and landed a tea), found twelve or fifteen SpanNorYour prayheartdeepone alterationwords revealin theenough,final plan; safely by the old ship Brooklyn

ish houses. Yerba Buena was subMy son has grown—a man! {Continued on page 732)

730 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FOR MORE

INVESTIGATE Buehnercrete CONCRETE PRODUCTS

Gives you more of You've seen the trend... scores of new churches and schools built with walls of exposed Buehner'the things you want

most in your chapel. crete masonry units in chapels, auditoriums, recreation halls, gymnasiums and classrooms... making them

Low construction * quieter, more attractive, more conducive to reverence, as well as less expensive to build, to heat and to cost k Low maintenance maintain... and giving more floor space, more building at less cost.

through the years Attractive You've also seen a new accent on beauty with ornamental details in sparkling Buehnercrete cast stone, appearance lasts longer than most and costs far less. * Builtin sound a material that gives all the beauty of the finest quarried stone—yet

absorption (for If you have a part in selecting materials for your church or school, investigate Buehnercrete... good acoustics)

Builtin insulation insist on the best.

OTTO BUEHNER & CO. 5, BUEHNER BLOCK CO. - Crete Architectural Cast Stone -7, Concrete Masonry UnitsBuehner

640 Wilmington Ave. '2800 South West Temple

MHtwi. -. J PRODUCTS

OCTOBER 1951 731 THE SHIP "BROOKLYN"

(Continued from page 730) Brooklyn formed themselves into from New York, began life and a company under the name of S.

spread its influence, habits of inBrannan and Company. They

dustry and adornment of homes branched out into the various mearound them. chanical and agricultural pursuits

"The ship's company obtained a necessary for the purpose of buildcity lot and encamped thereon. ing up a new settlement; they took

There was one windmill which tried up city lots and improved the same.

to grind. When they landed they had three

"For their general benefit the months provisions; the mechanics

emigrants who arrived in the could get money for their labors;

y>>29>>C3\J\>y5s3& n f\eai Jhe Jkin 9 RICHARD L. EVANS

we see pictures of stars with their standOoccasionallyins. To the camera they may look remarkably alike.

And no doubt they have many qualities in common. But

the one is the "real thing"and the other isn't. Sometimes

differences between the real thing and an imitation are obvious and unmistakable, but sometimes the differences are subtle and difficult to detect. And sometimes when

we don't know the difference we don't care. But as long

as there is any difference, when we pay for the "real

Bound Volumes of thing"and get something else, we have cause for comthe ERA make valuplaint. And this is true whether we know it or not. Perhaps this is the cue for someone to say, "What difference

able reference books. does it make if we don't know the difference?"One answer is that some day we will know the difference. Truth

doesn't change because of our ignorance or indifference,

Preserve each issue for perand somewhere along the line we have to face facts. A

manent binding. man may enjoy a ride down the river if he doesn't know

that he's riding too close to the rapids. But the fact that

he is ignorant of the danger doesn't keep him from drown-

A fine addition to any ing when the current carries him under. The happiness

of ignorance is a dangerous kind of happiness. When

library, both for value we don't know, we live in danger of learning too late.

of contents and apLet's look, for example, at the matter of money: Money

that is limitlessly printed on a press looks just as good as pearance. any other money. But individuals and institutions have

been wiped out financially because they forgot the difference between the real thing and something that didn't

Economical have any substance to secure it. There are some actual

$3.00 per volume and intrinsic values that are important whether we know

them or not. And there are times when it isn't safe to

(F.o.b. Salt Lake City; postpaid accept the appearance in place of the actual article. The

anywhere in U. S., add 30c "real thing"is important in things, and it is important in

other and Canada foreign people. The genuine and the shoddy may look alike in countries, 75c.) add

many ways, but innate qualities of character show up sooner or later. It isn't enough just to look like the real

thing. The substance must be there as well as the surface. There must be sound, sure, safe standards; there DESERET NEWS PRESS must be principles from which we do not depart—or there

wouldn't be anything that anyone could count on.

6-8 South Main Street Jke Spoken'lA/ora FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

Salt Lake City PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SYSTEM, JULY 22, 1951

732 """—-*—THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

eight dollars bought a beef ox.

There were fifteen or twenty white inhabitants, English, Americans and the A New Book—bought andwho kept stores

tallow and hides from the settlers.

Capt. Sutter had bought out a Russian post and paid the Russians in

yearly instalments of grain. If any tinAhol

person rode into the country and killed a fat beef all the owner r wished was that such person would hang up the hide and tallow on a tree to be secure from the destruction of animals. A hide was considered a dollar bank note.

"Commodore Stockton arrived Designed and Producedsoon after and took possession of the country in the name of the by

States,United planting the American flag public of LDS CRAFTSMEN on the square

Yerba Buena."On heavy gloss paper, in 4 colors.

Mart's Journey through Eternity portrayed and explained in Colorful Charts The Importance of Teaching The PreExistence (Continued from page 718) The Creation (Science and Religion corntangy perfume, through endless dispared and harmonized)tances of mountains and flats: deer

country; a brilliant sunset highThe Old Testament—with contemporary

lighted the jagged hills. events

Again in school, we came inThe New Testament evitably to the Indian brandishing a Christ's Ministry tomahawk through many bloody with contemporarypages of history. Why? Why was The Book of Mormon—

the Indian putting his small deevents scendant to shame in that fashion? The Great Apostasy—the almost unbePatsy's concern was easy to relievable steps in the great Falling Away

lieve in that matter. I told the class, The Leaders of the Restored Church

"The Indians owned America and The Growth of the Restored Church left it free and beautiful. It was

their hunting ground. They took The Gospel Plan

what they needed from animals and plants and left all the rest unspoiled. A milestone in LDS Teaching and Study Aids

Naturally, didn't they want the An LDS Teaching Aid you can use ivith confidence kill buffaloes, all thewhite men to to cut down all the forests, to take PRICE: $1.00 Postpaid

and take and destroy. Naturally

they made war."Your copy of GOSPEL CHARTS will be sent by return

A helpful concept was furnished mail if you put just $1.00 in an envelope with your

by the story of the Indian Squanto, name and address and mail to:

who taught the white settlers how to live in this wild, beautiful, dangerous new land; the Indians,unnamed and unnumbered, who (/lAiml CbdJu Qo.

helped the white man. Patsy began P.O. Box 25, Sugar House Station

to glow with pride. Salt Lake City 6, Utah

Further on a few 'weeks, a few more chapters, we came to the Would you like to receive—FREE—special announcements

"simple red men"who traded Manof new LDS Teaching and Study Aids (for all ages and all hattan Island for a few dolclasses) as they are produced by our LDS Craftsmen? Just

lars; Indians in many places who send us your name and address. There is no obligation to buy.

traded empires for beads and calico.

(Concluded on following page) OCTOBER 1951 733

THE IMPORTANCE OF TEACHING

{Concluded from preceding page) and marched up to talk to this

It was my turn to squirm at the stranger, to tell him an impressive premeditated villainy of the whites fact learned from her history book, who engineered these trades. But to speak to him about the Quaker,

the child didn't react to this type William Penn, who didn't believe of event. Likely she'd trade the in war. She was trembling, but

world for an ice cream cone hershe went, and of her own notion.

self. I was thankful I didn't have I do not allow any racial slurs

to try to explain how that old in my classroom or on the playwrong became the white man's right ground.

to America. This much good Pine Creek

School has accomplished this year,

Better age.PatsyWhenhas a ourhigh districtquality superinof courtogirl bringcloser ato littleadult Americancitizenship, Indianproud

# tendent made a visit to Pine Creek, and powerful. This is the imPatsy took her nerve in her hand portance of teaching. Protection

AT LOWER COST -for your Frozen Meats Fish, Fowl and Same THE BOOK OF DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS

{Concluded from page 715) The concept of continuous revso established elation so early and vast disof majority Whe authentic time goes on and as As appointments in frozen meats, of exhibited clearly in the book editions copies of the book of many fish, fowl are to and due game is proCovenants Doctrine and faulty wrapping. the origProtect of Doctrine Covenants and become

inal flavorfreshness principle significant. natural and foundly The ability to and more rare, color of frozen the more your meats of expansion continuous mean dismay tinguish edition positively. from one.. with dependable, ecosure way

nomical Western Lockerap. another will prove to be exceedingly meanings and applications of given

Western Lockerap is moistureimportant. With the passage of units of scripture as well as the

vaporproof... it locks in flavor time copies of all the earlier editions more obvious idea of adding more

it natural juices and while real of understanding Some in all will units. locks of languages this book out tasterobbing, drying, outside will serious stuenable the principle air. collectors'items. certainly food become reaches Your table your

as fresh and wholesome as when dents of the book to tie the past it was wrapped and frozen. Wrap One who would study the book continuously to the future without

right... with Western Lockerap of Doctrine and Covenants serilosing the important truths of the

ously and thinks to find the venture past or needlessly binding the future. the Properly understood, book /Wrap right with besimplehelpedhas muchsomewhatto learn.by seeingHe willa will facilitate of the the growth

the Itybfc Wrap! difference between revelation and Church and the salvation of its

the records of revelation. He will people. It requires time, much time,

If you homefreeze your meats, also find it wholly necessary to for the wisdom and the meanings of the handy, inexpensive conbuy roll sumer grocer's at your or study Church history at great continuous revelation to emerge and locker plant... if your meat is prelength. to mature.

pared by your butcher or locker plant, specify wrapping with Western Lockerap.

Roll Contains

150 Feet of Western Lockerap.

Choice of 18, 20 widths. or 24inch THROUGH THE EYES OF YOUTH

in Available buff M and pearlywhite.

{Continued from page 713) less, the sons of God, without rebuke, in duct will be so different as to make the midst of a crooked and perverse nation, ye shine as lights in among whom tftti him in very deed a messenger of (Phil. 2:1415.) the world.

righteousness. In the armed services we shall confront elements of Latterday Saints are not "of the

Ipcteifflp unrighteousness,think it would be andwell asfor weus todo,re-I world"that theybut "shineare a peculiaras lightspeoplein thein member these words of the Apostle world."Remembering these things

Paul to the Philippians: let us go into the armed service

of with the courage and purpose WESTERN PORTLAND Do all things without murmurings and WAXED PAPER DIV. SAN true missionaries; perhaps we shall IEANDRO disputings: ANGELES LOS Zellerbach Crown

Corporation That ye may be blameless and harm- {Continued on page 736) 734 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "What happens when Standard men go into the armed forces?"

One question on many people's minds these days is how military service may affect themselves orpeople they know...their

jobs, their family security. People ask us, of course, about what

happens to employees of Standard Oil Company of California.

The answer shows what a big company can do.

Standard Oilers come through this trying period in better financial shape than you might expect:

Let's take for example Bill, an avNow suppose Bill is called into the When Bill leaves for active duty, erage young Standard Oiler. As a armed forces. One of the tough probhe's given an extra month's salary. Then

mechanic with the Company, he makes lems he might face is a lower income for Standard sends his family a monthly $368 a month. He has Companypaid life his family. But because he qualifies as to check to make up the difference between

insurance worth $4,420, a pension plan dependents and length of service, he'll his military pay and his Company pay paid partly by himself, other benefits. be helped by a plan Standard has for him. an amount up to half his regular salary.

Moreover, Bill's Company life insurWhen Bill conies back from military This is Standard's "G.I. Policy"for

ance remains in force—still paid for enservice his job is waiting... his benefits qualified employees called into the

tirely by Standard. And the pension intact. Standard, having big economic Armed Forces. We believe it helps

plan, which Bill paid for in part while resources, can and does act to preserve strengthen Company morale and that of he was working, continues to grow—but the human resources of the nation... the nation, too—another way Standard

now Standard of California pays it all. people like himself and his family. serves best by being a big company.

1 Ct LjIiZG ZO iSJlXOVO,.. Many people write to Standard asking pertinent questions

about the Company. We answer all letters individually, but some points seem of general

interest. We take this way of discussing them for every one. If you have a question, we urge

you to write in care of: "I'd Like to Know,"225 Bush Street, San Francisco 20, California.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

OCTOBER 1951 735 THROUGH THE EYES OF YOUTH

{Continued from page 734) portance has to do with our eternal find as did the Prophet Alma that welfare and happiness. It is the

the crossroad of marriage with its sa-... preaching of the word has a great credness and importance to Latteris ** which it has a powerful more give people marry? just—yea, We young effect HOT * tendency to lead the people to do that day Saints. Just whom shall I of upon the the minds people than this to and prayer much thought an the sword (See 31:5.).... Alma y/'ith

question, but more important than 738) tlECTRC Another crossroad of great im- [Concluded on page

Jke \J\Jau Afcome RICHARD L. EVANS

'T'here is a tale told of a lad who had hiked to the eminence of a high hill in the company of a companion.

The long effort upward had wearied the boy, and he thought longingly of the comfort of his home, which now seemed so far away. He turned to his companion, asking:

"How do we get home?"and was answered with sweeping

words and gestures that took in miles at a moment: "Just

FOR over the ridge and along the river and across the valley and there we are."But with the reality of wide distance

SHOWER separating him from where he wanted to go, the boy replied: "You can talk your way home quickly, can't you?

SHAVE But I'm tired, and it takes a long time to walk there."In

SHAMPOO our dreams, and in conversation, we can quickly bridge over many obstacles and ignore great distances and much or 101 other time, and save ourselves much arduous effort—but in

life itself, with the physical facts before us, it is a matter household uses of moving step by step, of living from hour to hour, from day to day, and no amount of tall talk or hopeful wishing will set the facts aside. We may see where "home"is,

buy from your dealer but the eye travels faster than the feet, and the wish is far or plumber ahead of the performance that would take us there. About

all any of us can do is to move as our means and strength

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. and opportunities and understanding will allow-—toward the desired objectives of this life—and toward the objectives which the Father of us all offers each of us beyond

the limits of this life, ever remembering the importance of keeping the course and of enduring unto the end. That

we shall perform spectacularly is not expected of most of

is little in life. us. there the of of us spectacular For most HERE IS it is of of us a matter as best For most moving more we

can from day to day. But conducting ourselves consistentREAL HAIR ly with the best knowledge and ability and understanding

that the Lord God has given us is important if we would BEAUTY reach "home"and be able to report as Paul reported: "I

have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I have

Creamed kept the faith."1

Shampoo HI Timothy 4:7. WITH 2%fcPOWDERED egg

"7/Jhe spokenSpoken wordWord from temple square if your hair needs help.., - p PRESENTED CASTINGOVER KSLSYSTEM,AND THEJULY COLUMBIA29, 1951 BROADit needs L*D*

736 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hati Three Walker Bank Locations For Your Convenience Come in and look us over—we'll be glad to show you around!

- - - - 2nd South and Main Main Office - - 450 South 2nd West Pioneer Branch st South and McClelland Sugar House Branch 21

With the completion of our new Sugar House

Branch and our Pioneer Branch, additional banking facilities are provided for residents of the greater

Salt Lake area.

The sites for these modern branches were carefully selected with a view to serving you better.

You are cordially invited to visit either or both of our new branches and inspect the many modern features. Plenty of offstreet parking has been

provided, for your added convenience.

uMt?a#tf WALKERNow in ourBANK92nd year

Member Federal Reserve System Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.

OCTOBER 1951 737 THROUGH THE EVES OF YOUTH

{Concluded from page 736) the Lord holds in reserve for those which person is the type of person who become his sons and daughwe want to marry and whether that ters."( The Way to Perfection,

person has the same ideals and attipage 233.) The Lord has made us

tude toward marriage as we do. I feel the sacredness of temple ordiam thinking now of temple marriage nances in these words:

and the importance of choosing a companion for time and eternity. And inasmuch as my people build a

the Lord, of in the house unto name me privileged are such to have we How to thing suffer unclean any not and do live for blessing a if we it! How it, defiled, into that not it be come my

thankful we can be, upon being glory shall rest upon it;

married in the temple, for the teachYea, and my presence shall be there....

ings of the restoration and the au- (D. & C. 97:1546.)

thority of the priesthood which can bind and seal on earth ordinances I feel, therefore, that possibly the

You're which will be binding in the heavmost farreaching decision I can

Right There ens. ever make will be to keep myself

with a The world's idea of marriage is clean and continuously worthy to... full color, three dimenvery different from the one I have enter into his holy house.

I hope with all my heart that I sional pictures of American been taught. The looseness of a

scenic beauty. Hundreds of civil marriage doesn't seem to hold might make these choices in the

reels—each with seven mag- a shadow of the value that the Lord right way, and may our Heavenly

nificent pictures. intended marriage should. "Till Father bless each of us with his

Write for free catalog death do you part"sounds very spirit, that we all may choose to hollow to me in comparison with live happy, useful lives of service;

of also all eterthat be messengers we may of PHOTO nity."the words, "for time and the gospel peace wherever we

MATERIALS CO For us as Latterday Saints, may be by living close to the Lord;

Temple So 27 West Ph.3-1404 marriage is the foundation of the and finally may we be endowed with CITY, UTAH. LAKE SALT

greatest happiness. President Joseph his Heavenly Spirit, to be ever

Fielding Smith has said: "Marriage prepared to enter the House of the

is the grandest, most glorious, and Lord and there receive the blessings most exalting principle connected which will exalt us in the eternities with the gospel. It is that which to come.

CHALIENGE OF THE MAYA MYSTERY

(Continued from page 712) of pages of invaluable rare photoamined the collection in detail as an stats.

expert appraiser, and it was on his The work done by Gates in makJust Open A recommendation that B.Y.U. puring available basic sources for reSAVINGS ACCOUNT chased part of the library. Accordsearch was instrumental in helping NOW! ingly, in 1946 the Maya section other active scholars in the same

with $50.00 or more and you will receive

FREE your lovely Schaeffer Fineline pen of the Gates Collection came to field to decipher part of the strange and pencil set. the Provo campus. Tulane Univerinscriptions that adorn the great

Savings Accounts in any amount $1 to sity at New Orleans obtained the stone monuments of Yucatan and $25,000.

32 years of continuous operation. Aztec part. Guatemala. Today about a third

CURRENT O Per Among the piles of crates unof them, pertaining to calendar DIVIDEND J Annum loaded at Provo that year were some dates, are deciphered. The remainof the most prized books of the ing signs are more tantalizing than

Utah Savings New World. Among others were ever, for it may be from these that

and Loan Association Gates'own originals of his definiwe can learn the answers to the 172 West Center, PROVO tive reproductions of the Codex perennial questions, "Who were

MAIL HANDY COUPON Peresianus, Codex Dresdensis, and the Mayas?"and "How did their

Codex TroCortesianus, the only high culture begin?"

Send your check or money order to

Utah Savings, 172 Center, Provo, and three Maya manuscripts known to Today the collection challenges your savings pass book and pen set be earlier than the Spanish conquest all lovers of mysteries. The massive

will be mailed to you immediately. of America. Also included were dictionaries, the pocketsized gramName many pages of unfinished manumars, and vellumbacked catechisms

Address scripts containing Gates'own inlaboriously compiled by Spanish

City Zone. State.

vestigations along with thousands [Concluded on page 740) 738 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

your neighbors.

Shadow with Substance

fivery man who works with Utah Copper because this shadow is his wife, his family, casts a shadow. But it's a shadow with subhis hornet

stance, with reality, with life of its own. Never present while he works, their influWhether he's a shovel operator, a train ence is always felt. They provide him with

engineer hauling the ore to the mill, a flotathe wellrounded life that is his right. They

tion operator at the mill, or a crane operator help give him the feeling of wellbeing and at the refinery, his shadow always helps him. completeness that make him a better worker.

His skill and knowhow help produce a The man and his shadow—a winning

third of the nation's newlymined copper. His combination in American industry and one

shadow helps make him an expert craftsman, that helps bring benefits to us all.

K) UTAH COPPER DIVISION KENNECOTT COPPER CORPORATION

A Good Neighbor Helping to Build a Better Utah

OCTOBER 1951 739 CHALLENGE OF THE MAYA MYSTERY

(Concluded /rom page 738) Archaeology in the new B.Y.U.

lines little the tortuous the of Building, Physical Science use

is HOUSEHOLD HELPS nativepadres, manuscripts, the of this even and treasure house being made provocatively halffinished manuof knowledge since fellowship funds bright so the sun With it a script of Gates'huge comparative and sufficient trained personnel are shiny seems and shame to waste any more dictionary of the Mayance dialects, lacking. But the collection holds its

indoors than time you all beckon scholars with a bent for secrets well, and those who attack things For the have to. that just have to be done, the mysterious. Now housed in the it will have to be competent linguists

let these "Helps"lend quarters of the Department of to solve its problems.

Baldwin Faye hand. a helping you

Adviser Vano Home UPholstered furniture DOWN at the heels?

Clean upholstered pieces this way: Brush thoroughly with your special

vacuum cleaner attachment or a medium stiff brush. Don't cheat: pay special atJke (o7Ue6UOVl Oi 'ivorce to corners tention and undersides. Then

go over the surface with a sponge or soft cloth wrung out of a gallon of lukewarm RICHARD L EVANS water to which you have added two tablespoons Bleach of Vano Powdered favorite 3 tablespoons of your soap "There is a problem perennially before us, acute and and flakes. With clear lukewarm water, go increasing. No matter how widely differing may be

times, several surface over the again rethe laws and leanings toward divorce, we must admit that all soap. moisture with Take up moving

a soft, clean cloth. Let dry thoroughly. in our time there has been an alarming laxity of attitude

families. marriages, homes, broken broken broken KEEPING CURTAINS toward

willing that to concede Perhaps would be most men SHIP SHAPE there

Shake curtains to reare some serious causes which seem to suggest that people move all the dust you who have once been wedded go their separate ways. But

can. Then soak them in it must also be admitted that to the serious causes there solution a water ofwarm

and soap flakes, adding some Vano Powhave been added many superficial causes which cater to

Bleach. well dered Rinse to remove all the quick changes of mind and of heart of those who too curtains your are soap. While still damp,

dip into a strong solution of Vano Liquid lightly consider the obligations and privileges of marriage.

Starch for that crisp, new appearance. Often the person who seeks divorce as the way out has

Slip into a curtain rod the top and botis the curtain while drying tom hems and supposed that others who are married do not have adjustonly the bottom hem will need a light ments to make or compromises of personal privilege. But

press, If pressing. you iron straight with never would we find a man and a woman whose thoughts

material. the of the weave

and whose preferences were so alike as to require that

NEW CHOPPING BOWLS \\W/ neither of them give up anything for the privilege of purFOR OLD suing life together. Too many who request a termination

If your favorite wooden of their marital vows imagine that their errors of underbowl is chopping discolfs/fTi \ \ *\V* N ored do this: Wash the bowl in hot water, standing and deficiencies of wisdom would, with someone

3 tablespoons adding of Vano Powdered else, unquestionably solve themselves. But those who

for five or six Bleach. the bowl soak Let

minutes. Rinse and dry. cannot make their peace with one partner in marriage have

BLANKETS no positive assurance that they can make their peace with 'BLOSSOM'WHEN another, because often those who seek separation suppose

YOU BLEACH 'EM that others are wholly the cause of contention, whereas

And it isn't work they themselves may be at least in part responsible. Addone this way: Dip mittedly there may be many exceptions to all these generalthe blanket tub in a of heavy suds with lukewarm water and izations—but marriage is more than a social convention,

8 tablespoons of Vano Powdered Bleach. more than a personal privilege, more than a legal contract.

wringer or spin through a power Feed dry It is a solemn and sacred covenant which affects not only five at least twice. redip times. Rinse and

Stretch the edges and hang straight by the lives of two people, but also the whole social pattern half placing the blanket over the clothessun. out of the Brush when of the present, and the lives of the generation to come. line. Hang

dry. Press the binding under damp cloth. Personal happiness, the strength of a nation, and* the

stability of society itself depend upon the integrity of home and family which easy divorce tends to undermine without

IF YOU'RE NOT putting anything in its place. These and many other

USING solemn considerations should precede the making of a

Vono marriage, and JkeshouldJpokendeter theWoJ"decisionFROMto divorce.TEMPLE SQUARE

YOU'RE WORKING PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADTOO HARD! CASTING SYSTEM, AUGUST 5, 1951

. 740 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Jacob Hambliii

{Continued from page 721) Jacob was among the first to be Let Us Winterize stricken, and he was sorely afflicted.

It was thought that the cool mountain air at Alpine, just over the line in Arizona, might help him. A

sturdy spring wagon was prepared with a bed, and his son Jacob and sonin-law Abe Windsor took him there. Since Jacob's health did not

improve, after about a week he insisted on returning to Pleasanton.

Lyman's fifteen - year - old son

Duane was sent to take his grandfather home. The team was a little

brown mule and a work horse.

It was raining, and Duane made camp inside an old adobe house at

Spur Ranch the second night. Water soaked through the dirt roof and

dripped onto the bed. Jacob became It's a good to drive in now

chilled. From this time he grew

steadily worse. and have us

Realizing his grandfather's conDrain and clean the radiator and supply antifreeze, dition, young Duane took a cutDrain the crankcase, flush it, and refill with motor off road over Milligan Hill; even oil in the proper winter grade.

though it was very steep, it shortLubricate your car thoroughly.

ened the distance several miles. It

was a hard two days'drive from Replace worn tires with new Atlas "Gripsafe"Tires to

Spur Ranch into Pleasanton, and it provide you maximum safety for driving on slippery was toward evening when Duane highways.

set the brake for the last dugway. Check your battery—to be sure it can stand the added

He glanced back at his grandfather, strain of cold weather driving.

who appeared to be sleeping and Inspect the fan belt and replace if necessary.

felt the load of responsibility alCheck the hose connections and replace if necessary.

ready lifting from his young shoulders. He was relieved that he

..would be into the valley by dark. Better One Week Early

steel screech of the rim The as Than One Day Late!the slid wheels over rocks wagon

was loud in the stillness, but it did You can't have your car protected for cold too weather early—but a few hours delay

late! be toonot register in Jacob's fevered brain. mayWomen wondered who was coming

home; dogs came out to bark; and 42nd Year of Progress

Duane straightened his weary body for the last quarter of a mile.

He stopped at Priscilla Leavitt's UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY house (one of Jacob's wives) to find her and all of her children prostrate with the fever, except eightyear-old Dudley. So Duane gZZZZZZZZZZZZZZk

drove on to the house where Louisa lived. She was standing at

the door and recognized the little brown mule. Before Duane was on

the ground, she was climbing into the wagon and after a quick survey hurried into the house to get the bed ready.

Duane aroused his grandfather and helped him to a sitting position to take the cup of cool water Louisa (Continued on following page) OCTOBER 1951 741 Jacob Hamblin

( Continued from preceding page) had brought from the burlapwrapped jar. Jacob drank long and

deep. Duane removed the endgate

and climbed back into the wagon to help Jacob to the ground. Jacob

finally managed to take the few steps to the house and into the bedroom, where he sank back upon the pillow, exhausted. He did not note

the baby, restless in the crib in the shadowy corner or observe Louisa's anxious glance in that direction.

Neither did he see the bed where the little girls were huddled under a quilt, shaking with a chill, in spite of the August heat, nor did he realize that the boys were in another bed, with all the covers pushed off as they burned in the fever stage of the malady.

Night passed, and in the morning

Louisa prepared food for both families. Dudley came to take some to

his mother and brothers and sisters.

The day wore on. The heat of

the afternoon found Dudley sitting by Jacob's bedside, fanning his face with a branch to cool him and keep HOTEL UTAH Manager the flies away from the semicon- MAX CARPENTER, scious man. Jacob lived out the day,

but in the wee small hours of night the word passed from house to house: "Jacob is dead."

Louisa's sixteen - year - old son to see that a coffin was MINER Walter had provided. So although he was in

the convalescent stage of the fever, he went to Alma, a town a few miles MIKE saps.00 away, and peddled some homemade

"We don't have a cheerleader butterpine, forthatthehadfabulousbeen sentpricefromof fiftyAllike a college football teamcents a pound. He hired a carpenbut we work together just like a team! ter to make a coffin. When Walter

It takes teamwork to keep mines and went to get it, to his consternation smelters producing—the teamwork of he discovered it was black, but it

workers, management, stockholders, had to do, and he took it home.

and the public. Everybody works toHow to get a grave dug was angether for the benefit of all/'other problem. C. S. (Sam) Love

and Frank Campbell, young men of

UTAH MINING ASSOCIATION tively,nineteenhadandbeentwentyworkingyearsduringrespecthe summer months at the mines in Mo

H)-0<)-M()M-(>VUO-l gollon and were on their way home to Nutrioso, Arizona. They spent

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS the night at the home of William WE OFFER...

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple A COMPLETE Goddard. As they were preparing

sore throat and other minor mouth ENGRAVING SERVICE to leave the next morning, a mesand throat irritations. FromCatalogues.Missionary Portraits to the Largest sage was sent to them asking them

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention to dig the grave for Jacob Hamblin, there to do since were no men able CO. ENGRAVING UTAH HALL'S REMEDY picks and shovTaking this work. St. Utah Salt Lake City, City, Utah 113 Regent Salt Lake

els, they rode to the flat tableland 742 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

near the hills about a mile and a half from the town. The ground

was very hard; each stroke of the

pick would loosen only a small Relax in armchair comfort amount of the caliche dirt. It took aboard a Western Convair..

them the whole day to get to a and watch the West go by.

depth of about four feet. Having Each restful hour saves

finished this task, these two went a hard day's drive in your car.

on their way. Example: Western's deluxe

Priscilla's fourthborn was her onestop Convair flights first son, whom she named after his between Los Angeles and father but who was called "Jake"Salt Lake City take only by the family. His young shoulders 3 hours, 20 minutes!

assumed a heavy part of the responsibility for his mother's family early Northbound, Western offers in life. When he was twentyone three convenient flights

and married, he freighted for the daily between Salt Lake City family livelihood. and Great Falls, with service

cities in to intermediate of 30, the evening August On msi Utah, Idaho, and Montana. a 1886, had made Jake neat camp

on the freight road, a day's journey For fares and schedules, from Mogollon and the same discall Western or see your tance from Pleasanton. The night authorized travel agent.

had been filled with fitful sleep and nVESTERJP troubled dreaming, and he was up J? jLlimslslAIR \

early in the morning. After caring

for his horses and preparing breakfast, he called to his younger brother Oscar. To urge him on, Jake

said, "We'll be home tonight, boy.

We're going home."Oscar was bewildered. "But I thought you said WESTERN AIR LINES

/this load of freight had to go through today."

"It is rush freight, all right,"said

Jake, "but it won't get there today.

I feel like I ought to go home. I

am afraid something has happened.

Last night I could hardly sleep for thinking about them, and when I did get to sleep, I would dream. I

dreamed the same thing three times.

Then I awoke, and it seemed like a voice said to me, 'Go home. You

are needed there.'I am afraid something has happened."

And so it was that Jake and OsNew pews are installed in the average church only car drove into Pleasanton in the once or twice in the lifetime of a ward member.

evening of the day their father died. Therefore it stands to reason that bishoprics, architects, builders will carefully of perishable load and best choose the The freight had SALFLAKE value they can find from the manufacturer through, to go who and and Duane

the has most experience and to back "knowhow"it. sent to take Oscar were They CABINET

his product. since up That's why, 1909, Salt Lake didn't until burial. after the get back oavL

Men came in from surrounding Cabinetand manufacturecraftsmen morehave L.D.S.been selectedchurch pewsto designthan FIXTURE

ranches, in the and morning of anyone else... COMPANY 1, 1886, they carried the September

coffin out from the little tworoom Offices: 136 South West Temple Factory: 1436 South West Temple

house and placed it into a wagon and drove to the grave. Jake and Walter and Dudley were the only POP 5QMI FOtt ACCORDIONS

members of the family who were FAMOUS ITALIAN MAKES

Students, Christian Workers HAUOWESN Available to Bible able to go, the little boy shadowing at and Missionaries his elder brother as he looked on in SPECIAL DISCOUNTS

Literature for FREE Write Today by Guaranteed at this, his first mute suffering pin ex-. Good Housekee Inc. CENTER, CHICAGO ACCORDION

<*; TIME Dept. Ave., Chicago 22, III. N. Damen IE, 754 <Dv[nii5lD 1,f (Continued on following page)

OCTOBER 1951 743 JACOB HAMBLIN (Continued from preceding page) now gave Jacob's families two NOW perience with the reality of death. weeks'time in which to move out.

The coffin was lowered into the Priscilla left within a few weeks grave and covered with rough pine and made her home in Nutrioso.

boards. The dirt was replaced, Louisa stayed in Pleasanton that

shovelful after shovelful, until the first winter with the Maxwell famgrave was filled. ily. In the spring, Jacob's brother

About two months after Jacob's Fred came and took her to Alpine death a man came to the widows where, with his help, she was estaband told them that he had the deeds lished in a log cabin and managed to their farms, having purchased to eke out a living. The other famPOLICY from the previous owner. Jacob had ilies soon abandoned their places,

PROTECTS YOU notto procurefollowed hishis deedsown—instructionsonly the andtown. Pleasanton became a ghost

promise of them. The new owner The St. Johns Stake was organFROM A TO Z

HOMEOWNERS (?3S355535

dSeuond Jcotnowow RICHARD L. EVANS

CNE question that constantly presses itself upon us is the

YOUR HOME question as to what kind of world we morrow—what kind of world we shall findshallfor liveourselvesin tolines,

kind YOUR CAR andthere leavemay forbe thoseour children'swho feel children.that they knowOn broadwhat

of world we shall live in ultimately, when all eternal

ALL YOUR plans and purposes prevail and when we shall have found

POSSESSIONS that longlooked-for heaven on earth; but ultimately is not

the immediate tomorrow, and the moreor-less immediate

General of America's Housetomorrow may cause us much concern. Whatever we may

holder's ultraPolicy protects meet tomorrow, of this we may be sure: Somewhere along

you from A to Z with one policy, the line, whether immediately or remotely, we shall be one agent, one premium, one well rewarded for all we have done well and worthily, date, expiration one company. and we shall pay a price for all our mistakes, for all our

This ONE policy can include: indifference, for all our misdirected actions. Some of

Fire insurance these penalties do not wait for tomorrow. For some we

Personal possessions are paying in the present—despite our preference to charge

Automobile against the future. Under some circumstances it may be

Household contents possible, for a long time, to charge against the future

Burglary and theft but the future we charge against comes ever closer. In

Personal Liability all history men have rarely faced facts until facts had to and more be faced. We avoid things until they become unavoidthe facts about this modern Get is able. reality until further postponement We postpone your from package insurance impossible. us something about There is that somehow or agent, General America

inquire at General Insurance makes us seem to prefer taking our medicine in big and

Company of America, Excelcis violent doses, rather than taking the Great Physician's

Bldg., Salt Lake City 1, Utah. prescription—rather than following the formula of sound

Phone 47717. living from day to day—whereby we could avoid the

periodic, deathly illnesses and the recurring drastic remedy.

In the meantime, let the immediate tomorrow hold what it will; there are greater things beyond the immediate tomorrow, in the providences of the Lord our God. And we

have within our reach a wonderful world even in the present if we will pay the price of personal and public repentance lHaiaaS and return to the Godgiven principles which offer the only path to personal and permanent peace.

Miuminn "*wV. Jke Spoken Word FROM TEMPLE square

HOME OFFICE SEATTLE PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROAD-

H. K. Dent, President (* CASTING SYSTEM, AUGUST 12. 1951

744 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ized in 1887 with David K. Udall

as its president. Soon thereafter it

was called to his attention that the grave of Jacob Hamblin was in danger of being washed away by the floods from a side canyon. He reby Sholem Asch

ported this fact to the General Authorities of the Church. Aware of

the service this man had rendered and learning of the poverty of JaThis magnificent novel sets cob's families, the First Presidency an appropriate keystone in the appropriated six hundred dollars to career of Sholem Asch. Delvbe used in moving the remains of ing deep into roots held in comJacob Hamblin to Alpine, Arizona, mon by much of the world toand to assist his families. day, it is a noble story, fused

The responsibility for bringing with the vigor, insight, and the body to Alpine was delegated imagination of a writer who to Fred Hamblin, brother of Jacob, has devoted years to its rewho was given enough money to creation. The translation is bycover expenses. He took two outfits, borrowing a light wagon from Maurice Samuel, translator of

a man named Mortensen in which "The Nazarene"and "The to bring the body back. Duane Apostle."

went to drive the second wagon, Uniform in size and binding and James Martin, a lad of ten with the other major works years, went along. The trip took of Sholem Asch.

about two weeks. 5 5/s x 8 3/s—51 2 pages

At Pleasanton they camped with September 21 $3.75Abner Martin. In the morning, the

men left young Duane to look after the horses while they disinterred the body. The banks of the wash were

tovery close the grave, and a few floodsmore carried would have it DESERET BOOK COMPANY away. The rough outer box was 44 East South Temple Street

rotted, but the coffin itself was intact and rather heavy as they raised SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH it to the surface and placed it in the wagon.

Duane reported, "They held a service for Grandpa when we got back to Alpine with him. They

drove the wagon to the side of the meetinghouse, and everybody in town turned out. After the serviceshe was placed in the Alpine cemeUNIVERSITY CLASSES BY MAIL...

tery. This was on July 10, 1889."Yes, the Church University is as close to you as your mail box! Brigham Young

A memorial service was held in University's Home Study Bureau offers more than 200 courses by mail, each one connection with a ward conference carrying full University credit. (Thirtyfive credit hours of Home Study work may

at Alpine on July 28, 1889, where be applied on a Baccalaureate degree.)

David K. Udall presided.

A monument erected by the famareWriteoffered,now forincludinga free catalogueLatterday ofSaintHomereligiousStudy courses.courses. Classes in every department

ily in later years bears this inscription: EACH COURSE CARRIES UNIVERSITY CREDIT.

"Peacemaker in the Camp of the EACH COURSE IS TAUGHT BY A B.Y.U. FACULTY MEMBER.Lamanites."

OVER 200 COMPLETE COURSES TO CHOOSE FROM.

COURSES IN EVERY FIELD - FROM ACCOUNTING TO ZOOLOGY.

ESCAPE ARTIST HOME STUDY BUREAU

By Ivan J. Collins

is someone who BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY A GENIUS** Regrets he can't oblige in such EXTENSION DIVISION - PROVO, UTAH

A sincere way that, really, I do

Not suspect him—very much.

OCTOBER 1951 745 NOIIQUOR

The results from the seventies'quorums have been gratifying TOBACCO since this request was sent by the First Presidency. This Church

Louumn isLet'sandcontinuemust everthe begooda missionarywork. EveryChurchmemberat homeof everyand quorumabroad.

who supports these missionaries in the field will be blessed for so doing.

CONDUCTED BY July 20, 1951 TO PRESIDENTS OF STAKES &Or. /4oiepk jr. fvferrill

Dear Brethren:

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE The war effort is calling into the service of their country the majority of the single young men who otherwise would be going into the mission field.

Our proselyting force is rapidly diminishing. This means that

unless recruits are had, there will be serious loss to the work in the mission field. Many investigators and new isolated Saints may be lost,

WHY DRINK? some branches may be discontinued for lack of leadership, and perhaps

many fields closed.

/ertainly the vast majority of peoMissionary work is the special responsibility of the seventies, and ple who take their first drink of we feel that now is the time when these good men may rise to meet a an alcoholic beverage do not ask themgreat emergency.

selves this question. And likely the Some personal sacrifice may be entailed, but every man who makes

first drink does them little, if any the sacrifice will bless others and bless himself. We need a thousand

harm. Yet there is real danger in this brethren to carry on the work of double that number of young elders

first drink; for those who know the whose work in the mission field must be terminated within the next

facts agree that about one person of few months.

every sixteen who takes the first drink To that end we are now calling upon the quorums of seventy to becomes an alcoholic—a confirmed provide us with these replacements. We feel that every one of the 345drunkard—that is, about six percent quorums can and should furnish to us at least three fullterm missionare drink casualties. If one of every aries; some may provide more.

sixteen who enter an airplane or a We therefore request that you bring this urgent matter directly train or an automobile should become to the attention of the quorums of seventy within your stake, stressing a casualty, would travel be popular? the necessity for early preparation for response to the call.

Yet, seemingly, social drinking is popuWhen the quarterly conferences resume, beginning with the 11th lar with many people. The first drink and 12th of August, it is confidently hoped prospective missionaries

is taken with no thought of its danger. from the quorums of seventy will be available for interview by the

So here is where education should do General Authorities, and that before the coming winter sets in, a full its work. And if society would measure up to its responsibility in the matter, this work would be done—people ing to the eminent authority, Dr. Haven cotic drug and not a stimulant. That bewould warned so by general mens following: cannot are the often be too repeated. Emerson, Thethat none could plead ignorant of the

effects alcohol, that 1. learned of alcohol are have almost entirely, "We that firstdangers lurk in the glass.

causes today, if not wholly, to used more as explained be commonly by

No one wants to become an alcodiseases, disability, and death than toxic damage to the central nervousits holic, a condition in which "I suffered any other cause of ill health which system, the brain, and spinal cord. It

constantly, not just one kind of pain, is wholly in the power of the individual is upon those tissues that the action but all kinds of pain. I suffered physito prevent and avoid. of alcohol shows most strikingly. The

cally, mentally, emotionally, financially, 2. "Medical sciences have learned only thing that distinguishes man from

and socially. I tell you, honestly, and and found that alcohol is not a food, the brute is his power of selfdirection,

on behalf of those suffering three mil- a stimulant, or harmful only in drunkself-control, judgment, discretion.

lion human beings, that alcoholism is enness. That was the former belief. Those things are the first qualities of

the most painful disease known to The liver, stomach, and heart were man that are destroyed by alcohol, man."So said Mrs. Marty Mann in supposed to suffer only from drunkenlong before there is any obvious inter-

a nationwide radio broadcast, Decemness. Those are the least of the damference with the muscles and motor

ber 1946. She is a recovered alcoholic ages alcohol causes. Deaths from alfunctions of the body.

and executive director of the national coholism are the least of the harm 4. "In recent times, it has been obcommittee for Education on Alcoholthat alcohol causes. It is the constant served that the lifesaving reflexes of

ism. Certainly no one wants to beand severe interference with human the body are all slowed from five to

come an alcoholic. Then play safe; relations, the disturbance of the conten percent by amounts of alcohol too

do not take the first drink. duct of people to each other, that is small to be socially appreciable, and

But to avoid the risk'of alcoholism the major damage that alcohol does in amounts far smaller than can ever is not the only reason for abstaining in our society today. be registered under the law or by the

from drink. Among the others, accord- 3. "Alcohol is a depressant, narpolice as indicating intoxication. The

746 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA blood much too small to produce visible signs of drunkenness are yet amply large to produce the slowing reflexes spoken of by Dr. Emerson in number

four, of the foregoing statements. The

"onedrink"driver is usually far more

S5*355\?5S\3SvSv5:3v5 dangerous than the "drunken"one.

thousand men from these quorums will be in or on their way to the During the fiscal year 1951 the Utah missions of the Church. Drivers'License Division revoked 838

All calls should be processed in the regular way, the bishop making licenses, nearly all of them for drunken the recommendation after careful interview, to be followed by the driving.

interview of the stake president and the General Authority. These In Texas last year 6400 motorists

preliminary interviews should be made with extreme care and in conhad licenses suspended for drunken fidence, to safeguard the Church and insure the ability and worthiness driving. But suspension is only the

of the prospective missionary. first step in corraling the offender.

Both mental and physical health should be carefully investigated, Since it is found that alcohol is inin addition to the doctor's examination. The financial situation of the volved in twentyfive to sixty percent

fatal missionary should be scrutinized to assure that the family be properly of highway accidents—many with

it a misdeprovided for during the husband's and father's absence. If the misresults—"why not make

sionary's means are insufficient, they may be supplemented either by meanor to drive when alcohol is in quorum aid or by contributions from friends. the blood? Chemical tests are delife is witnesses. pendable Human

Care of the family should include not only financial support, but with. to be toyed too sacred

such protection and guidance as the wife and childen may require.

opportunity Here will lie for the application of the true spirit of BE NOT DECEIVED of the quorum. brotherhood

Seventies quorums will be expected to do all within their power to "The Temperance and Tolerance stimulate this movement, but they will not initiate or make the calls Association of America"is a comparafor missions. It is the province of the quorum council to bring the tively new organization set up to

prospects before the stake president and the bishops. Presidents of counteract the efforts of temperance

quorums themselves will give great encouragement to the movement workers of the country for the control if some of their number in each quorum will prepare themselves for of the liquor traffic by local option, a call to missionary service. That action will speak louder than words. education, and other feasible means.

We ask that after you have made a preliminary survey of the The Wisconsin Beverage News, an quorums, you submit to us a report of your survey and an estimate of organ of the brewing industry in Wisthe number of men who may likely be furnished. consin said, "The T. & T. Association

In the confident hope of full cooperation on the part of all conshould be welcomed and supported cerned, we look forward to a loyal response to this urgent call. With by everyone in the alcoholic beverage

such response and the blessings of the Lord, his great missionary work industry"for it is dedicated to the prowill continue to go forward. motion of true temperance and moderation in the use of alcoholic beverages,

Sincerely your brethren, and it has the active endorsement of

David O. McKay all phases of the brewing industry, inStephen L Richards cluding brewers, wholesalers, and

J. Reuben Clark, Jr. union leaders. Is such support a matter

The First Presidency of news?

*QCsCN5iQQ The T. and T. Association is sponsoring a film for the public entitled,

Shall "The Truth Make You Free"—

is of there absolutely form ments that no evidence alcohol prove shows title. absolutely It an deceptive gives

far tested causes a activity which so the slowing reflexes of of human the in that impression drinking moderainferiority of the performas rebody, Dr. states, not does show Emerson

is tion Certainly commendable. parsulting of the in invariable sequel the as ance accidents. highway many ents their children not do want brought

alcohol. usually the of absorption But driver taken has who spell the this under film. of damnable

5. important of the only "drink or "Perhaps a believes most othertwo"

all Let read the divinely given words, is all wise. that positive feels statement is the that no alerted he more He "In evils of consequence designs and

in drives of better evidence after improvement human and the drink than will in which exist and the do hearts it, far result to found has health so before been deceived alcohol, the by of conspiring in last I the men days, liar. in the the alcohol of use normal from Consequently he speeds and up have you, warned forewarn and you,

being. as causes used takes Alcohol that chahces otherwise human he would giving this unto by you of wisword inis times the than deaths take. not more the many This testimony of..."dom.

fectious diseases."traffic officers. They find that the

In the light of all the risks, dangers, greater number of accidents on the and damages caused by the uses of alhighways involving alcohol occur when There is an eternity of matter, and coholic beverages, why should any only a "drink or two"is confessed. it is all acted upon and filled with a

sensitive the ever being take driver human The he is drunk knows who portion of divinity. Matter is to exjusti- is satisfactory drink? safer and first than other. the No

it cannot be annihilated. Eternity fiable this to given can answer be tests chemical Dependable for alcoist;

question. hol in the blood have been developed is without bounds and is filled with

and frequently used, so that anything matter; and there is no such place

DRINKING DRIVERS the offender may say can be checked as empty space. And matter is

by these tests. So sensitive are these capacitated to receive intelligence.

Scientific observation and experitests that amounts of alcohol in the—Brigham Young

OCTOBER 1951 747 Aaronic Priesthood Members to Collect Fast Offerings Each Month Today Is Your Only '"Throughout the Church, in quareach bearer of the Aaronic Priesthood Day to Work terly conferences during 1951, the collecting the fast offerings. Not a few

principles of fasting and the collection cases have been reported where boys 'T'oday is the only day in your life.

of fast offerings have been emphasized are dropping out of priesthood work Its rising sun is overflowing with by the welfare leaders of the Church. or becoming very unhappy therein, beglorious opportunities and dreadful

It is a timely emphasis and, if the adcause in some instances a single boy is temptations. Time is its lifeblood. The

monitions are adhered to, will bless assigned to call on as many as twenty setting sun of today will cast its golden the membership of the Church imhomes each month. reflections or its fearful shadows on

measurably. This matter should be given serious the souls of those who have used or

But there is one vital thing Aaronic attention by stake committees and by misused its precious moments. The

Priesthood leaders should not overbishoprics. Why do we have to ride problems of today are the only problook, i.e., that much of the desired the willing horse until he either belems you are called upon to solve.

effect will never be realized unless our comes tired and discouraged or balks Yesterday's challenges are gone forAaronic Priesthood members, particuespecially when he is yet a "colt"? ever, and tomorrow's are yet unborn.

larly deacons, are assigned to visit Again, five or six homes are plenty Your joys and your sorrows, your each home in the ward, each month, for one boy to call upon, perhaps even opportunities and failures belong to toand thus afford to each family the too many where considerable distances day. The rock upon which you stand

opportunity to contribute to the fast are a factor. at this very moment is either the stepoffering fund for the blessing of the ping stone to exaltation or the

poor. Collecting Fast Offerings stumbling block to failure and sorrow.

Bishoprics are urged to give this In Scattered Areas matter full attention. Coordinators It is well said that "procrastination

and quorum advisers will relieve the Where a boy must cover consideris the thief of time."It is one of the

bishopric of the details of this project, able distance to call upon his assigned devil's most potent weapons. It debut it is the responsibility of the bishop homes, even beyond the practical use stroys the seeds of success. It lulls

and his counselors to set the program of a bicycle, older members of the us into a state of lethargy. Procrastinain motion. Aaronic Priesthood may be assigned tion blinds us with beautiful air castles

Where there are not sufficient deato furnish transportation in the family and fantasies of tomorrow and makes cons to cover the ward, allowing them car where agreeable to the parents. us forget the necessity of laying

time to return to the chapel in time In some such areas, the adult members strong, tangible foundations in our for Sunday School, teachers, and even of the Aaronic Priesthood are detemples of character today. Yes, it

priests may be asked to assist. lighted beyond words at being asked does rob us of time, the "stuff"that

to drive their cars while the deacon life is made of, the most precious

Number of Homes makes the calls at homes. thing we have. It takes from us the

to Be Visited There are ways to do it if leaders minutes and hours, every one of which think "it can be done."Let's get it we need to accomplish the purposes

It is strongly recommended that not done: It will bless so many in so many for which we were sent here.

more than five or six homes be assigned ways. Do you, the leaders of adult members of the Aaronic Priesthood, find

yourselves saying, "I will make my trines and qualifies him to advance and visits tomorrow; I will start regular

Ward Teachers Have defend them; loyalty sustains its leadcottage meetings next month; I will

willingness to contribute a ers; and the really get to weather work whenDual Responsibility talents, fosters time, substance, and and it is off to clears easy put up"? How

its interests objectives. promotes and"Tot all ward teachers comprehend until that never which tomorrow

the magnitude of the Lord's manHe should realize that the strength comes, the things that should be done date to "watch over the Church of God's kingdom here on earth detoday. The happiness of men, women,

attitude the pends devotion upon and faralways."This places admonition children are depending on your and

its officer of of the members. an As responsibilitiesreaching asthose on actions today. of peace Your own

it its is his protect to kingdom, dutysigned to teaching. do ward While satisfaction of soul depend and citizens teaching the value of mind them bythe teacher's responsibility chief ward realizing of the importance your upon its principles. saving strengthening Byis to in those his care, placed members call the the of the you, has Lord made individual the also he member, also shouldhe be the concerned about responsibility of the he magnitude has collectively. strengthens the Church progressgrowth of and the Church

as a whole. It is his duty to uphold Surely no conscientious ward teacher placed upon you, and the dangers of

its standards, defend its principles, adwould consider such a responsibility as procrastination. Today is your day,

vance its doctrines, sustain its leaders, being unimportant. your only day.

foster its interests, and promote its objectives.

The exemplar of good character upAWARD RECORDS FOR 1950 holds its standards; thorough study Standard Quorum Awards Approved to September 1, 1951 876

enables the ward teacher to acquire Individual Certificates of Award Approved to September 1, 1951 13,825 knowledge of its principles and doc748 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA repared bu <JLee M. J-aitmer

When Shall Stake Committees Absentees to Be Given Applications For Awards

Visit Wards? Activity Credits Should Be Made Early

irpHE question in the title to this artirpHE question has been asked conEight months after quorums and incle is a familiar one. The answer cerning the absentee, "when an dividuals have earned their awards for

is quite simple. absentee reports his activities for sev1950, we are still receiving applicaMembers of the stake Aaronic eral months at a time, are we to record tions therefor. Why?

Priesthood committee should visit all reported activities in his quorum Boys often lose interest entirely wards at whatever time or times they roll when received so late?"when their leaders fail in such manner

can see the Aaronic Priesthood proAll activities reported by the abto apply for the coveted awards. It's

gram, or any part of it, in action. sentee, covering any period of time, much like heating up a cold bowl of

The ward priesthood meeting proare to be recorded in his quorum roll cereal and assuming it will taste just as vides an excellent opportunity to see at the time the report is received. good as when prepared originally.

the bishopric in action as the presiAll such credits are to be figured into Be ready to go when this year's dency of the Aaronic Priesthood, to the quorum's record at the end of the work is ended. The best time to resee the bishop in action as the president year looking to the standard quorum ceive an award is immediately after it

of the priests'quorum, to see coordiaward and into the member's record has been earned—not several months

nators, advisers, and secretaries in aclooking to the individual certificate of later.

tion, to see quorum presidencies in acaward.

tion. Where an absentee reports his acAaronic Priesthood Handbooks The ward boy leadership meeting tivities for one month, and the report

provides an opportunity for the stake is received after the ward and stake Not Yet Availablevisitors to see one of the very major Aaronic Priesthood reports have been features of the program in action, i.e., computed and mailed for that month, "\17hile our new Aaronic Priesthood

assignments for personal contacts the information is to be recorded in handbooks are not yet available, between leaders and boys. the quorum roll without any attempt we are making progress and will give

It is in the leadership meeting we to adjust either the ward or the stake ample notice when they are ready for see the machinery of the program set report for that month. distribution.

in motion. It is in the priesthood It is sufficient that the added inforIn the meantime, leaders coming into

meeting we see the moreor-less finmation be included in the computations the work, or other leaders without ished product in the boy. It is in the at the end of the year which determine handbooks, will do well to check with

leadership meeting we consider the the eligibility of the quorum and the former Aaronic Priesthood leaders who "inactive."It is in the priesthood individual for the Standard Quorum may have a handbook and be happy

meeting we behold the "active."Both, Award or the Individual Certificate of to give it to the new leader. This is

and their kindred observations, are Award. the only way to avail yourself of a

essential to the efficiency of the stake handbook until the new ones are availcommittee. Think it Over able.

Stake and ward Aaronic Priesthood Life's afterglow is made the Aaronic Priesthood handbooks "Issocial functions are other opportunities 1, 1949,"and "Reprinted sued January brighter the unresisted because of seeto 1, 1950,"program what our latest edithe are irresistible leadership is doing for and of January our boys. yesteryears. tions.

is suggested that all Aaronic Members of the stake committee Time will come when you will It visitshould whenever and wherever Priesthood leaders keep a watchful be the "leadership of yesterassist in bishopricsthey may Bishopric's eye on the Presiding Page the proyears."

motion of the entire Aaronic PriestWhat contribution will you of The Improvement Era and of the hood program. have made to life's afterglow Church Section of The Deseret News

that, emphasize poswherever instructions for changes and coming We the from sible, each should be visited latest and ward the since editions out of the today? you lead lives of those—l.whoma. p.

assistancegiven needed every month. printed. handbook were

CHESTER WARD

YOUTH (MORONI, UTAH, STAKE) FETED IN SALT LAKE CITY Twenty Aaronic Priesthood members and girls of corresponding ages were recently treated to a full day of exciting experiences in Salt Lake City in recognition of their faithfulness in Church activity.

Bishop Delon Dyches was the official host and took the lead in all arrangements.

OCTOBER 1951 749 Your TIMOTHY QUICKSTEP'S PRAYER

page 723) I quietly (Concluded withdrew from Lord. to the ing most convenient to corner the and listened around woodpiles and stead; burned our

heart to his Heavout his pour the him everything fact, on in explained our estiFather. enly ignite. He George would place to SAVE placefences,that

mated the bricks were about threecondition and our obligations fourths finished when we threw in how we had done all we were able the last of our wood, and Father to do, and that now it was up to ordered us to seal up the arches. him to finish the job.

We could do no more. I returned and told my brothers

We were a pretty discouraged and brotherin-law what Father was bunch that night about ten o'clock doing. Quietly we left and went

when we finished plastering all to our homes. When the time came

leaks in our brick kiln. George, who that the brick should ordinarily

understood brick, said the extra have been fired, Father said:

work we were doing was useless. "Well, boys, let's go out and

He said that as soon as the fire uncover the brick."

burned down the arches would cave Without faltering and with perin, and that there would be nothing fect faith in the outcome, so far as but a pile of smoldering ashes and I could see, he took charge of the useless adobes. However, we job. When we reached the brick,

Highest Dividend older Father picked up two of them and paid in this area obeyed Father's orders. We

on Federally ones stood in front of the kiln after knocked them together. They rang

Insured the job was finished, sympathizing like bells. They were the nicestwith ourselves. Father left us standcolored and finest brick I ever saw Savings.2? ing there. He walked around beburned in the country. We were

State Satfi hindtwo, theI followedkiln. Afterhim, athinkingminute heor ableobligations,to sell andall ofbuythem,our meetwinter'sour

* * * * 56 SOUTH MAIN wasneed takinga handit prettyon hishardshoulder,and mightas supplies.

misery likes company. As I rounded Some people say the wet weather

the corner of the kiln, I saw him, finished the brick, but the Nielsen hands above his head and his body family know who it was that finkiln, talkished the brick. See and Save by pressed against the brick

GREYHOUND HONEYMOON COUPLE... enjoying

an Amazing America Tour... everything SECOND WIND

preplanned just as they wish. {Continued from page 717) hands, weeping bitterly as a child.

COLLEGE off the groove in the can lid; it bit The accumulation of fatigue and

STUDENTS dollars ahead..on. cruelly under her fingernail; she tension, all the nagging little wor-

a weekend trip stood rigid for an instant, her face ries burst forth in an explosion of home. white with pain. frustrated emotion.

Then, very deliberately, she bent When it was over, she walked

BUSINESSMAN again to pry open the can. The lid into the kitchen where Tom left a

... sh! he's recame loose this time. She stirred bucket of fresh water each night.

laxing on the way the paint carefully, dipped her She had been bathing her eyes for sales to his next call. brush, turned to the unpainted win- a few minutes when growing awaredow sash laid over two sawhorses. ness of Penny's unintelligible chatJust as deliberately she made her ter warned her that someone was

DRIVER... one mind a blank. Her brush flicked approaching the front door. Giving

of the world's skilfully over the white, sweet- a last hasty dab to her eyes, she best—pleasant and capablel smelling wood. And just as the returned to the hall just as Penny

satiny coat of paint was completed, threw open the door in a burst of a strong gust of hot wind whipped hospitality and ushered into the

There's through the remaining open winhouse the immense figure of a womsomething about a dows, scattering dirty sawdust with an. Mrs. Dawes immediately filled

GREYHOUND a heavy hand over the wet paint. the entire house. Her voice, her

that makes it the Spontaneously Nora's control personality, the heroic proportions

FRIENDLY broke. The brush fell from her finof her immaculately clad figure were

to travel! j way

gers, and she buried her face in her a little overwhelming.

750 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "My, how I envy you!"she build your own house—that big your heart that you had it to do

boomed, her black eyes sweeping house up the street?"over again. You want all the fun

over Nora's tousled, grubby appearPenny stared fascinated as Mrs. and the heartbreak and the joy

ance and the naked, unfinished Dawes'deep chuckle began in her again."

rooms. cavernous throat and cascaded out She turned briskly to Penny.

If she's patronizing, I won't be effortlessly. "Oh, mercy, didn't we? "Come now, little lady, where did

able to stand it, Nora decided. It doesn't do for a young architect you put that pitcher of lemonade I

There had previously only been reto live in a rented apartment, and brought your mother? She might

served exchanges from a distance we couldn't afford the kind of house feel like stopping work for a minwith this neighbor, the woman in we wanted. So we built the frame ute."

the handsome colonial house with of that house with our own hands. Nora laughed outright. "Stop-

I hadn't even made a respectthe double garage—this dominating, This district was way out in the ping?

beautifully dressed wife of a succountry then. Why, we lived in the able start!"She moved away to

cessful architect. lower four rooms for almost two find and set up the battered folding

Without waiting for Nora's reply years. Had a wonderful time!"table, and something strange and

Mrs. Dawes boomed again, her big, Nora smiled, shaking her head. delicate was stirring within her; a

wellmanicured hand running over "You make it sound such a game, warm, tingling strength was slowly the smooth wood of a door frame. Mrs. Dawes. Don't you remember flooding her body, stimulating all

"I do believe our happiest days that eventually the sport wore off?"its vital forces—a rippling, all perwere those when Mr. Dawes and The woman's dark eyes which vading sensation of power and reso-

I went around with smashed thumbs had previously glittered and glanced lution!

and sore joints, building our own lightly, turned to gaze steadily into "Second wind,"she breathed place. With three little apprentices Nora's. "Of course, the fun wore wonderingly, heedless that Mrs.

underfoot, too, trying out hammers off once in awhile. But it's like Dawes may have heard the apparon each other's heads—bringing up your children. When ently irrelevant words. After all,

Humiliation over her own apthey're grown up and you're lookMrs. Dawes knew about second,

pearance forgotten, Nora broke in ing forward to a quiet life of your wind, and third, and even fourth incredulously, "But—you didn't own, you suddenly wish with all wind.

Enriched With Vitamins and Iron

Royal Baking Company Salt Lake and Ogden

OCTOBER 1951 751 THE WORLD OF THE JARED1TES

(Continued from page 706) the same word, the wellknown every man suddenly speaking a eretz. In view of the fact that the

new language. We are told in the Book of Ether, speaking only of

Book of Ether that the languages the Jaredites, notes that "there were

ElLt /{ were confounded with and by the none of the fair sons and daughters ttOOK "confounding"of the people: "Cry upon the face of the whole earth

cost unto the Lord,"says Jared (1:34), who repented of their sins"...at less

"that he will not confound us that (XIII: 17), it would seem that the

than ordinarj we may not understand our words."common "whole earth"(kol haThe statement is significant for aretz) of the Old Testament need

flooring '/? more than one thing. How can it not always be taken to mean the

possibly be said that "we may not entire globe. Certainly it is quite W.K understand our words"? Words we as legitimate to think of the days

SO SIMPLE! cannotsyllablesunderstandor may bemayin somebe nonsenseforeign ofold PelegJewishaswritersthe timedescribewhen, it,as "thethe

...you can lay it yourself language, but in either case they children of Noah began to divide42 are not our words. The only way the earth among themselves,"as,

The answer we can fail to understand our own without the least authority, to visto all your words is to have words that are ualize the drifting of the continents dreams of a beautiful tile actually ours change their meaning or the rending apart of the terresfloor is among us. That is exactly what trial globe. A reader's first reacAs- HAKO

phalt Tile. A happens when people, and hence tion to an ancient and fragmentary

durable, resillanguages, are either "confounded,"text usually becomes a lifelong ient, economthat is, mixed up, or scattered. In credo, though research and revelaical flooring,

pastel Ether's account, the confounding tion have combined in latter days featuring modern new and standard colors in endless of people is not to be separated from to discredit this obvious and easy patterns and combinations. the confounding of their languages; solution of the mysteries. The Book

Your floor can be the delight they are, and have always been, of Ether, like First Nephi, is, when of all and envy friends. your

tile is asphalt factory one and the same process: the Lord, we come to examine it, heavily HAKO

waxed, easy to clean, retains its we are told (1:3537), "did not weighted in the direction of sober

bright beauty. See friendly your confound the language of Jared; and factual history and was never dealer today lumber learn and

how you can enjoy a beautiful and Jared and his brother were not meant to be a springboard for the custom floor at less cost than confounded... and the Lord had imagination; for example, our record

ordinary flooring. compassion upon their friends and does not attribute the scattering of

their families also, that they were the people, as one might innocently not confounded."That "confound"suppose it does, to the confusion

FACTORY fife WAXED as used in the Book of Ether is of tongues. After the brother of

meant to have its true and proper Jared had been assured that he andASPHALT TILE meaning of "to pour together,""to his people and their language would

USED WHEREVER BEAUTIFUL mix up together,"is clear from the not be confounded, the question of

FLOORS ARE DESIRED! prophecy in XIII: 8, that "the remwhether they would be driven out

nant of the house of Joseph shall of the land still remained to be anAsk your friendly Lumber Dealer be built upon this land... and swered: that was another issue,

they shall no more be confounded,"and it is obvious that the language

MORRISONMERRILL & CO. the word here meaning mixed up they spoke had as little to do with

BUILDING MATERIAL DISTRIBUTORS 205 NORTH 3rd WEST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH with other people, culturally, lindriving them out of the land as it guistically, or otherwise. did with determining their destinaBoise, Twin Falls, Pocatello, Idaho, Reno, Nevada Yet another important Biblical tion. It was something else that

expression receives welcome elucidrove the reluctant Jaredites from dation from our text: though Ether their homes. What could have

says nothing about "the whole forced them to leave? History to be

earth"being "of one language and sober and factual need not deal

PIKES PEAK one speech"(Gen. XI: 1), he does with the dull, normal, and everygive us an interesting hint as to how day. The confounding and scatterFLOUR those words may be taken. Just ing of the people of the tower was

INHICH(D tv* With FOUR as "son"and "descendant"are the no slow working out of the historical

FLOUR S Extra Baking same word in Hebrew and so may process. It was sudden and terAdvantages easily be confused by translators rible, and the Book of Ether gives

( who in fact have no way of knowthe clearest possible indication of

SALT FLOUR LAKE MILLS ing, save from the context, in which what caused it.

425 5th South West Salt Lake City, Utah sense the word is to be underBut this introduces a theme on stood), so "earth"and "land"are which it is impossible for me to 752 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA speak with brevity. Let us consign

it to a later communication.

(To be continued)

BIBLIOGRAPHY

8For the classic treatments of the tower, see A. Jeremias, Das Alte Testament im

Lichte des Alien Orients (Leipzig: 1916),

pp. 168180; W. Andrae, "Das Gotteshaus

und die Urformen des Bauens, in Das Alien

Orient"1930, Iff; Theod. Dombart, Der

Sakralturm (1920), and "Der babylonische

Turm,"in Das Alte Orient XXIX (1930),

Heft 2; Eric Burrows, in S. H. Hooke

(ed.), The Labyrinth (London: 1937),

19. below, n.and THE OFFICIAL

VI, 2; 9The Book of Enoch The Book of L. D. S. MISSIONARY BIBLE IX,Jasher 20ff; Budge, E.A.W. The

Chronography of Bar Hebraeus (Oxford:

1932), I, 3 (ch. 4). is now available in four new durable and

Nibley, 10H. the "The Arrow, Hunter, attractive bindings designed to withstand theand State,"Political The Western

Quarterly II (1949), 339ff.

continuous use in all climatic conditions "Nibley, loc. cit., cf. William Nestle,

"Legenden vom Tod der Gottesverachter,"

Archiv fur Religionswissenschaft XXXIII An Essential For Missionaries, Teachers, Students, Churchworkers (1936), 246270.

The vague "before the Lord"of the

King James version (Gen. X:9) conceals

the true meaning, rendered "against the The King James Version bound with the Church's official

Lord"by the Rabbinical and early ChrisReady References and the useful and authoritative Camtian writers; on this head see K. Preisenbridge Concordance and Dictionary to the Bible. A sectiondanz in PaulyWissowa, Realenzyklopaedie

der Altertumswissenschaft XVII, 624. of ruled paper for notemaking is included.

the direction 13Under of Nimrod men clear, in bold, Set said, will to ascend Omega, '"I and heaven Alpha "We and 13 am ver. selfpronounced tt/ch.1.8,*

4.6.smite a Tim.7. him the end, with and beginning (God) spears; the y the and bows center type, with

19. 17, jMt, last. first all theand and God knew their works... and references he column

saw the city and the tower which they building,"were thus 20, cf. IX, Jasher G. leather, overlapping covers, fabric lined, simulated MB1 DurableSale, ch. xxi, 269. The Koran p. The $7.50 gold edges. red undersame custom the is and arrogance same

reported of the ancient Thracians, HerodoMB2 The finest Persian Morocco leather, straight edges, fabric tus, Hist. IV, 94. lined, red under gold edges. Indexed $ 1 2.00

"See the article on Nimrod in the Jewish MB3 The finest Persian Morocco leather, overlapping cover,

Encyclopedia; cf. Book of Enoch X, 7-10 fabric lined, red under gold edges (as illustrated). $1 1.00

on Azazel the mad hunter to whom "is Indexed $12.00

ascribed all sin,"who "led the angels in their pursuit of the daughters of men,"etc.; MB4 The finest Persian Morocco leather, overlapping covers,

Preisendanz, loc. cit. genuine leather lining, red under gold edges. $13.00

"Clemens Romanus, Homilia ix, 3-5, in

J. P. Migne, Patrologia Gracca II, 241-4. From our dealers everywhere

16Chron. Paschal, xxxvi, in Migne, Patrot. Graec. XCII, 145. THE DESERET BOOK COMPANY

Koran xxxi, 68f; cf. Anon. Chron. in 44 East South Temple Street, Salt Lake City 10, Utah

Migne Patrol. Latina III, 680.

wMahbub (Agapius) of Menbij, Kitab alUnwan (ed. A. Vasiliev), in Patrologia

Orientalia V, 631; Bar Hebraeus, Chronography (Budge I, 8); on Nimrod the

usurper who "slew his father and took his HEADQUARTERS FOR L. D. S.

to wife,"mother C. M. Doughty, IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA I Travels CONGRESS HOTEL Iin Arabia Deserta (New York: Random

House, 1937), II, 32. Invites You and Yours YE KING'S REST MOTEL

52G STREET 5TH SOUTH 19Boscawen, "The Legend of the Tower

B. Foutz, Dr. 200 Rooms Harold Ownerof Archaeological Soc. TransFoutz, H. Manager Edgar 303ff.actions Babel,"V BibL(1876), Western Service & Hospitality Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout

20A. ofVI J.MythologyCarnoy, Iranianof allMythologyRaces, Boston,(vol. Near Beautiful

1917), p. 321. When Seth succeeded Adam "Mormon"Temple

in the priesthood, he ordered a special Center of Everything torecord kept, be the which was called

Life butBook of concealed the Reservations Accepted DRINK from was sons of Cain, according to the Persian Let us make your stay antiquarian Tha'labi, Kitab Qisas al- a pleasant one. A delightfulAnbya-i (Cairo, A. H. p. 33; the 1345),

State at 2nd South—PhoneDragon's of this. an imitation was Book 3-4494 whohot beveragedon't drinkforcoffee,those himself, accounts the S.In some Res. Manager W. Hollingsworth, Jemshid

( Continued on following page ) AT YOUR GROCERS

OCTOBER 1951 753 The World of The Jaredites FIRST OF AILRELIABILITY

(Continued from preceding page) Daqnes first father of king and race, the human is described the as e.g. usurper, Ad- 'JfUttic Co-.

Diyarbakri, Tarikh aUKhamis (Cario, A.

H. 1283), I, 67; C. Huart and L. Delaporte,

L'han Antique (Paris: A. Michel, 1943), pp. 454f. The

21K. Preisendanz, in PaulyWissowa,

Realenzykl XVII, 625f. Kraeling (in Jnl. Bibl. Lit 66 (1947), 289, n. 1) has finally LESTER GRAND

accepted Eduard Meyer's muchdoubted theory (Geschichte des Altevtums II.2.3H), A Beautiful Piano

that the name is EgyptoLybian. With Magnificent Tone

EVERYWHERE in Utah, Idaho, Mon220. Emin, Izsledovania i Statyi (Moscow, 1896) pp. 301-3.

tana and Nevada there's a KOLOB 23 I have treated this subject at some

AGENT ready to advise you on your length in an article, "The Hierocentric

State,"in The Western Political Quarterly insurance problems. Every type of III (1951), 226253. For a survey of varcoverage, prompt settlement of Gaster,ious suchThespisprimordial(N.Y.: mountains,Schuman, T.1950),H.

claims, more than 300 agents.. pp. 184f, 169171; H. R. Hall in Journal of

Egyptian Archaeology X (1924), 185ff.

A General Insurance Agency Ancient24C. }. Gadd,East Ideas(London:of Divine1948),Rule p.in the1;

DahhakJemshid (above n. 20) is a typical

FRANK SALISBURY, MGR. example of this.

25Jasher VIII, 3946.

2aA. Jeremias, Das Alte Testament, pp.

I58f; Jewish Encycl., s. v. Nimrod; Preisendanz, PaulyWissowa, RE XVII, 627.

27Quote is from Jasher VII, 2430; others

given in Jewish Encycl. loc. cit.; cf. Jere330 Judge Bldg., Salt Lake City mias, loc. cit.

28A. von Gall, Basileia tou Theou (HeidAlthough no expense has been

elberg: 1926, p. 330, citing II Enoch xxii, spared in procuring the best ma-

terials and craftsmen to build

Eisler, Robert Basileus lesous it is surprisou the LESTER GRAND,

II, Basileusas 3338. (Heidelberg: 1930) Truly, price. ingly the low in tradition Eisler cites the that (p. 33) John

the Baptist wore the garment of raw skin LESTER GRAND is the greatest {'or, Gen. 111:21) in place of the original dollarfor-dollar value in pianos.

garment of light ('or) worn before the Ideal piano for schools, churches fall; early various cults, forbidding the and conservatories. slayingThe distinctive skills that are Estey have been reof animals, the skin garchanged

sponsible, for more than 100 years, in bringing to ment into a hair garment, id. II, 16, 34, The LESTER GRAND PIANO is the

cf. inspiring ofchurches music Dieterici, 118f, worship chapels and F. (ed.), Thiev und official the Philadelphia of piano

devotion. the Estey model,and ), Organ an Whatever (Leipzig: 22, 1881 97. Mensch pp. Orchestra. isis reed there tonal organ a masterpiece a and—Chrysostome, in Joh. Homil. X:4, Mat.

fit practical, special needs, the yourto lowfrom in Patrol. this Graec. LVIII, 1880 1892; 8cost, to portable the superb JUNIOR, and FOLDING Paynes Co. Music j the Life anon. of the Baptist John or to and Priced from $175 CATHEDRAL.SYMPHONIC

II, in cited 6. Eisler are n. both 36, Acfreight. plus tax committees and Organ$1075,

the to cording Jubilees cenBook (2nd of invited to write detailsare for and free illustrated folder. ",tury.. B.C.)to Adam(ed.heR.(God)H. Charles)gave a coveringIII, 30f, 4547 South Main, Salt Lake

his shame. account On this Consult us for it is 145 North University, Provo prescribed tablets on the. heavenly.. as touchfor builtto-plan ing all those who know the judgment of I—

PIPE the law, that they should cover their

ORGANS shame,as the andgentilesshoulduncovernot uncoverthemselves."themselves

Newest Most Modern Eisler, op. cit. II, 7881; Josephus, Antiquities III, 182-7, cf. Eusebius, Eccl. Hist. Facilities for Auto Service

I, vi.

Eisler, op. cit. II, 35, 78, 109f; A. von all makes

Gall, op. cit., pp. 330-2, cit. Baruch Apoc.

civ; Enoch LXII, 15; II Enoch XXII, 8; -<>-

Rev. III:4f; VI: 11; the Mandaeans believed the garment of John the Baptist DODGE PLYMOUTH

would be given to all who were admitted to salvation (Eisler, II, 33), cf. Odes of

writing Apostolic published C. Schmidt, by J. ESTEY Solomon xxv, 8; and the 2ndcentury C. Burgess ORGAN

mit (LeipGesprache seinen Jiingern Jesu CORPORATION dealer downtown zig: the to Related p. 72. baptismi 1919), Street 50 Birge

BRATTLEBORO, VERMONT tullian,vestamentum,De Baptismoof the Earlyxiii, inChristians,Patrol, hat.Ter-I, 1000 So. Main-S.L.C.

1323 (1215).

754 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA By an extremely common type of transposition, simlah of Gen. IX: 23 could very

easily stand for an original tsimlah, a copy, imitation, pattern or salmah, a garment ormantle as in Mic. 2:8. Even as it stands TheTIE that BINDS...

simlah means only a woven garment and can hardly refer to the original skin article.

MSee above n. 21; cf. J. Poplicha, "TheBiblical Nimrod and the Kingdom of Eanthe Intermountain West!

na,"Journal o/- the Am. Oriental Soc.

XLIX (1929), 304.

Abraham 1:2627. Abraham's refusal In October, or whenever you visit Salt Lake,

theto real reason the exchange was make acremember the "Welcome Mat"is always out atfor from his being expelled Egypt, cording to apocryphal writers. According

to a coveted very old tradition, Pharaoh the as his THE SALT LAKE TRIBUNE exactly priesthood of Moses ofancestor that did Abraham, Nimrod This greatest of Intermountain news gathering cenDieterici, 112; Thiec u. Mensch, p. It was

said that the Pharaohs of Egypt dressed ters is anxious to meet its old friends in person in a skin garment "to show that their origin was older than time itself,"A and to show them its dramatic operation at work.

"yVunsche, Salomons Thron und Hippo*drom ii), p. 26. (Ex Oriente Lux

'Jewish Encyclop. IX 309: "When the

animals saw Nimrod, clad in them, they crouched before hini 'jjfo that he had no So, when in Salt Lake City, plan todifficulty in catchingv'them."

a7Jasher XXVII, 2ff.

see the men and machines whose lives 38Above n. 36; Egyptian priests, royalty,

and the dead were all clothed in the classic skin garment of the Egyptian priesthood are dedicated to keeping you inin JnL of Eg. Archaeol. XVI (1930), 173.

The kaunakes of the Sumerians was a heavy skin garment wholly unsuited to the formed and whose efforts in producclimate of Babylonia and has for that reason been taken as proof that the Sumerians came from the North, Moret, Hist, de ing a newspaper tie the Intermountain

I'Orient, I, 21, n. 81; vs. G. Barton,

the Sumerians?""Whence Came JnL Am. West into a great community of James, (1929), 263. M. R.Or. Soc. XLIX

The Apocryphal New Testament (Oxford:

1924) p. 413, cf. p. 411, on "the garment unified, progressive interests.

of the King of Kings."In 1939 an amber

statuette was found showing the King of

Assyria wearing the insignia of the Jewish

High Priest, Illustrated London News.

later 30In times the Egyptian priest wore mm t)f Salt fakf tibnnt mm real"no leopardskin but a closefitting coat of fine linen in the form of a leopard-!: 'Shortest Kaesong Truce Parley

Snags Again on Buffer Disputeskin, in R. Hall Eg. Archaeol. "H. JnL

1, cf. Baly, T.XVI, "The J. C. iOlfc.diJ.i,uk*>*SiE:.1jah Mexico \W Opening |'3H Win* *'""JJJlJ"'""l--llqr.l.:.YkJfa

of the Mouth,"JnL Eg. Arch. XVI, 173,

The Syrian Christians said that the garment given to Adam was of cotton, the "skin"of the tree,"(Eisler, op. cit. II, 34);

this doctrine they say, was known only to

Moses "who called cotton 'skin'because among trees it takes the place of skin";

hence the idea that John the Baptist took his clothes from trees. The Jews retained

traces of the older garment in their

Sisith, thephylacteries four the and in the Lake Tribune strings, that every once on had Jew edge of his garment, see F. J. Stephens,

"The Ancient Significance of Sisith,"JnL

BibLL.it L (1931), 59ff. Compare the

Irham of the Moslems (J. L. Burckhardt,

Travels IT COST in Arabia (London: 1829), I, HOW MUCH WOULD 104f; l'63f).

"Eisler, op. cit. II, 34, n. 1 1 for referTO REPLACE YOUR HOME?

ences.; '"Among traditions of the dispersion, The average homeowner today caris of the righteous that, story not lacking

not changed. ries only 40% enough fire insurance. Let us check your language was whoseman

Certain rabbis, says Bar Hebraeus, Chron. He's thinking backward to what his replacement vah

I, 8f, that "the teach Hebrew ed. Budge forward to cost, instead of property

for he (Eber), with Abher preserved was ues for you.

it. cost to REPLACE it would what not agree did and a righteous man was

to the building of the tower."This

theory is necessary to defend the belief, popular among the Jews, that Hebrew is paradise. of the The Book of language FIRE CO. INSURANCE UTAH HOME

realistic. more Ether is much Salt Lake City Agent J. Grant Heber & Co., General

Bobk of Jubilees VIII, 9.

OCTOBER 1951 755 ISurl Shepherd, EDITORTODAY'S

A SIMPLE withcontainera soft,anddrysmoothcloth orawayold clothesblisters brush. Third, brush paste over bottom of box, fold over edges of maKNITTING BOX terial, and paste them down.

Surprise Grandma with a knitting To give the bottom of the box box of your very own make! a finish, cut out a circular piece of

Younger people with time on material the same size as the bottom their hands will find this creation of the box. Hem it neatly and glue

unusual and practical. it on, making sure that it covers well

It can be made from as simple an the rough edges pasted under.

item as a large oatmeal box (as While it is drying, you can work shown) and decorated in various on the lid. It must have a small

fashions, according to the ingenuity round hole, about an inch in of its creator. Those adept at diameter, cut in the center of it to

painting may do some original dec-...

orating; the rest of us may use some II

gaily printed cotton or some scrap wallpaper. Suppose it is print we L4ou

are using. 'J'his column for young

First, cut out the print into a people, and for any rectangular piece a half inch longer others who wish to takethan the box inch wider than and an advantage of it, featuresthe measures box the around outside. Be sure to cut so that the articles of a "howto- heavy cord through the holes and

printed pattern will show up to addo-it"nature. Contribuknot the ends on the inside. The

vantage when it is wrapped around tions are welcome and knitting box is now ready for use.

the box. The top edge of the mawill be considered for

terial should be turned under about publication at regular onefourth inch and neatly stitched rates.

down. A HONEY OF

Second, apply paste all over the outside of the paste box (wallpaper the knitting needles, accommodate A STORY is easiestis fine and applied with through which a and be yarn may brush), and carefully mount the pulled while knitting. Reinforce.Amu.- '*

material on it. Top edge of the this opening with gummed cloth

material should fit right below the tape or some other tape that can space occupied by the lid when the be glued on. The lid may be enamlid is in place. Mount the covering eled, inside and out, in a color that

gradually and tightly around the will match the rest of the box, or it may be covered with the print used the box. on OATMEAL WALLPAPER PRINTED

BOX Next, punch a small hole in each Oneto OFmanthewasearlythatsweetsreferredknownto OR CLOTH side of the box, about a half inch by Aristotle as "dew distilled below where the lid fits. Cut two from the stars and the rainbow."

small cardboard reinforcements for It is provided by the everindustri- these holes, each about the size of ous honey bee.

a fiftycent piece, and punch similar When it is available in pure holes in the center of each one. form, especially when not heated

Glue them on inside of box, making during extraction or adulterated sure holes in box and reinforcewith other sweeteners, it provides ments match. a natural food of much value in

Finally, apply two coats of clear the diet.

shellac all over inside and outside The sugars of honey are chiefly of box and lid (especially if walllevulose (fruit sugar) and dexpaper is the covering used; cloth trose (grape sugar), which comcovers may be left unshellaced, if prise seventyfive percent of its bulk,

desired ). After shellac is dry, thread and it is about seventeen percent

756 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA water. It contains a very small

amount of cane sugar (about two Immmm! 22 Tea Garden Jellies and Preserves

percent ), and many minerals in trace amounts. It contains vitamin C and with the

many vitamins of the B-complex, but in amounts small enough that it cannot be considered a real source of these vitamins. It contains many

digestive enzymes and, according to the late F. W. Schlutz, M.D.,

of Bobs Roberts Memorial Hospitalfor Children, deserves wider use in fctfictf piem infant feeding. Recent research indicates that "honey would seem to

have a definite beneficial influence upon the retention of calcium by young infants."*

Those who can purchase their year's supply from the producer might find it an advantage to do so.

Knott, E. M., Shukers, C. F., Schlutz, F. W.,

"The Effect of Honey upon Calcium Retention in

Infants."Journal of Pediatrics 19, 485494, 1941.

KEEP COLOR IN MIND!

Dm oLouiie j-rice vDell

"VST'e have all heard the expression that "we eat with our eyes as well as our mouths"... and it is

an actual fact that tempting food FOR DESSERTS, TOO appeals to us much more if it is wellarranged and-—most of all Put up homestyle from summer's choice fruits

colorful. Take the dinner plate So fruitrich! So much fresher tasting! Beshown, for instance. Can't you alcause Tea Garden takes bright, plump fruits

most see how dramatic it must look picked when they're juiciest, sweetest, justwith the deep red beets, the snowywhite cauliflower, the rich green right ripe. Simmers them gently, in small

spinach, made even more colorful batches, to capture that summerfresh flavor by the contrast of the attractivelyyou're hankering for! Sensibly priced!

cut lemon slice? Then the slices of Party Cupcakes: Scoop hollows in tops of

bright red tomato, against the cupcakes. Fill with ice cream or vanilla pudearthy-brown of the baked potato,

with its snowy center dotted with ding made from packaged mix. Top with Tea

goldenyellow butter and sprinkled Garden Strawberry or Pineapple Preserves. SINCE 1885

with firered paprika, add just the TEA GARDEN PRODUCTS CO. SAN FRANCISCO

right planning you are touch. When

plate,an especially keep Also Look for Tea Garden Pure Concord Grape Juice, Apple Juice, Syrups. Fruit Delicacies gay food

color in mind.

OCTOBER 1951 757

4m EVAPORATED MILK "have some Fritos"

—A valuable storage item to meet

emergency needs for—An inexpensive cream

whipping for cream "soured"quickly—A clock, it's the A round adding achieved recipes, by Fritos many Mealtime, eating! for goodjLX.

snacktime, any time of day, you'll one tablespoon of vinegar or lemon

Fritosenjoy chips of corn...... filledcrispy,withgoldennew juice to one cup undiluted milk

flavor appeal! different Withand a creamy, that yields—A milk sandbeverages, withrefreshing good sauce with white richlooking in casserole salads, orwiches

dishes and dozens of favorite color appeal delicious.. Fritos are Ask recipes for improving first millions choice of your—A prizewinner grocer for.. Fritos—

flavor, consistency, and food value in warm beverages can at your—A concentrated food which

favorite be mixed undiluted in equal proporfood or tion with leftover vegetable and grocery store meat stocks for a nourishing creamed soup.

These and many other qualities have made evaporated canned milk

MISSIONARIES, SERVICEMEN, AND ALL CHURCH MEMBERS! popular as a supplement to fresh

Can You, as a Latterday Saint, Explain and Defend the Doctrines of the Church from the Bible? milk in today's family cooking.

Evaporated milk triples in volume

SCttotu Xht'W\\xU(King James Version) whenvery stiff,whipped.a little lemonThoughjuiceit addedwhips

FIFTY VITAL PERSONAL AND RELIGIOUS QUESTIONS to it (if the lemon flavor is not obAnswered by jectionable) will cause the whip to 800 IMPORTANT AND FAMILIAR BIBLICAL QUOTATIONS hold for a longer time. When used

essential and but an BOOK, JUST ANOTHER NOT for in any recipe which calls for milk, Book Text and Biblical Guide convenient

Latterday Saints desirous of promulgating or deevaporated milk will, of course, be

Christ, and enabling of Jesus Gospel the fending of the diluted with an equal volume of fuller knowledge a acquire them to

Scriptures pertinent to the Doctrines of the water. L.D.S. Church.

"SINGLEMEMBER"IDEAL FOR FAMILIES Here are a few recipes which INVESTIGATORS AND illustrate some of its uses in food to or nonmember a send give can book you A

I IS say: relative or and "THIS WHAT preparation:

I IT!"IS BELIEVE THIS ANDfriend WHY

. controversy no no apology no... BELIEVE,...

... IT'S contradictions HOLY. BECAUSE. THE

BIBLE SPEAKING FOR ITSELF!

Cheese and Olive Fondue Bible exclusively the on needed book much A in Holy the Saints do believe proving Latterday

Bible! 5 slices wholewheat bread

of The Church of the Teachings with In Harmony butter softened 2 tablespoons

Saints. of Latterday Christ Jesus olives sliced, stuffed cup y2

1 cheese cup shredded FOURTH ENLARGED NEW eggs 3 EDITION 1 tall can evaporated milk ( 2A cups 35 Pages—Cloth Binding $2.00 251 Pages—Extra

(Limited Number of Second Edition Paper Cover- 2/i cup water ed Copies Available at $1.00 each.) 2 teaspoons grated onion

(New Jacket Design) 20% D/scounf to f*"*Missionaries 34 teaspoon dry mustard

Autographed Copies Postpaid Direct from the Compiler and Publisher

Spread bread with butter and cut

B. N AMI ALWARD BENJ of bread half about Place cubes. City 3, Utah into Salt Lake First 148 Avenue

dish of baking in bottom 8x8 cubes Z.C.M.I., and CO., BOOKCRAFT DESERET at: BOOK sale Also on THE

half BookDealer of or Stake layer with your Ward from Or Cover 2 inches. x

the olives and cheese, then remaining bread cubes. Top with remaining olives

HAS MANY USES

and cheese. Beat eggs; add milk, water,

onion, and mustard and pour over ingredients in baking dish. Bake in

moderate oven (350 F. ) for 45 minutes. Serves 6.

Onion au Gratin Soup

2 bunches green onions or 3 mediumsized dry onions, chopped 3 tablespoons butter 3 cups beef broth 234 cups evaporated milk 1 teaspoon salt 3 rolls (dayold) cut in halves, or 6 bread squares.

1 cup grated cheese

Cook onions in butter for a few minutes, being careful not to brown them. Add broth and simmer until

onions are tender. Add milk, salt, and

pepper. Toast cheese on rolls or

bread and place in bowls of soup.

Serves 6.

Oatmeal Bread

1 cup evaporated milk, not diluted 1 cup quick cooking rolled oats (uncooked) 1 egg Y2 cup brown sugar, firmly packed 1 cup sifted, fine whole wheat flour 1 teaspoon salt Yours now, yours to remember—this loving smile that's all

3 teaspoons baking powder for mother. Yours also, the joy of knowing that he is safer

1 cup raisins, chopped and happier because of you... because of your care in

2 tablespoons shortening, melted choosing for him now the things that will help him grow

Pour evaporated milk over rolled into a sturdy, happy child.

oats. Beat egg until light. Add sugar

gradually and beat until fluffy. Add High on the list of things important to your baby now is the

Sift flour,oat mixture and mix well. milk you give him. Is it uniformly rich—easy to digest—

salt, into together and baking powder first mixture and stir until well safe? You can be sure of this, and more, when you give your

blended. Stir in raisins and melted baby Sego Evaporated Milk.

shortening. Pour into a greased loaf

pan. Bake in moderate oven (350 Sego Milk is always easy for babies to digest. Always uni-

F. ) about 50 minutes to 1 hour. Makes formly rich in the food substances of whole milk. Always

one loaf 83/> x Yi x -Vi inches. surely safe, in its sealed container. And Sego Milk is enriched

Pumpkin Pudding with pure crystalline vitamin D, the sunshine vitamin. It's

this sunshine vitamin that helps your baby build strong, 3 eggs 2 cups pumpkin pulp straight bones and sound teeth—helps him make the best of

%2 cupscup darkevaporatedbrown milksugar(not diluted) growth.

Y2 teaspoon salt Yet, with all these advantages, Sego Milk costs less generally ginger teaspoon]/2 than any other form of milk!

1 teaspoon cinnamon J/2 teaspoon vanilla FREE TO MOTHERS!

This bandy book that makes it easier

Beat eggs. Add other ingredients. to care for and train your baby.

Beat 2 minutes. Pour in baking dish Dozens of the most important quesand set in pan of hot water. Bake in tions about the care and training of

moderatelylow oven (325) for about your baby are answered in this 64illustrated page book. Approved until firm. hours, or Serve warm by J"\y2

a doctor. Praised enthuwell-knownor cold with cream. whipped HOMOCE NIZf

siastically interin the by mothers for free west. Send mountain your Fresh Orange Cake this helpful of copy today. book

400 rt Co., E-5, Address: Dept. Milk Sego M lK

2-3 cups sifted, finelyground wholeSalt Lake City, Utah.

wheat flour 1 tablespoon baking powder Sego Milk Products Co., Originator of Evaporated Milk in the Intermountain West

(Concluded on following page) Plants in Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

OCTOBER 1951 759 EVAPORATED MILK HAS MANY USES (Concluded from preceding page) Add egg yolks and beat 2 minutes.

]/2 teaspoon salt Add flour mixture alternately with the % cup shortening orangemilk mixture, beginning and 1 tablespoon grated orange rind ending with flour. Beat 20 seconds.

\ lA cups brown sugar Fold in egg whites that have been 3 eggs, separated beaten until stiff but not dry. Pour

}/2 cup orange juice into two 9-inch round layer pans which

S,is***A that mixed with have been greased, bottoms lined with x/2 cup evaporated milk waxed paper, and greased again. Bake

) about 25 PROFESSIONAL LOOK Sift flour with baking powder and in moderate oven (375 F.

salt. Cream shortening. Add orange minutes. Cool layers in pans 5 minwith the rind. Add sugar gradually, and conutes, then run spatula around sides

tinue creaming until smooth and fluffy. and turn layers out on cooling rack.

ANKER

ZIGZAG STORAGE FOODS—fr Meals, fer Snacb-

[or Good Nutrition

(lessons in Eating Asuounq peoneonieI await1 from komel

NO ATTACHMENTS the hurry and worry of getting incredibly versatile/ yet INto meetings, school parties, or it's the smoothest, easiest studying a prescribed number sewing machine you ever of hours, the problem of keeping saw. Just touch the builtfood on hand for snacks, lunches, or

in STITCH-O-METER and quick meals becomes a real one for the young person away from home many young people. Too often they will breakfast on hot rolls and cocoa

do: solve it by eating a hamburger and or lunch on a candy bar and root

fries, a can opening or ZIGBUTTON- by French that are foods beer—sugarrich, ZAGGING jar of preserves. a HOLES of and soup stomach. a destined to ruin many

BUTTONMONO- These items may be all right on ocWhile fresh food is much preSEWING GRAMING casion but when they become a daily ferred, it's a good idea to have other is easy BUNDHEM- habit, deficiency symptoms and an food in the apartment that

STITCHING STITCHING acid condition are bound to develop to prepare and will keep without sooner or later. All too frequently refrigeration. It's a good idea, too,

APPLIQUE EMBROIDERY wholesome something have—A Lambert Photo to Straight and Wonderful snacks, somefor evening around

. Sewing.. help to overcome the candy thing

Guaranteed a Lifetime and soft drink habit which only creates an appetite for more sweets.

We might suggest a snack shelf in the pantry to be equipped with:

Full Selection (a) Dried. fruits: dates, raisins,

of Fine Cabinets prunes, figs. These may be ground,

and Desks mixed together, and formed into balls for a delicious candy that stores well. Add nuts, too! Why

IMRAL TRADtIN starve on commercial candies that are chiefly sugar, when dried fruits

For the Name and Address provide the calcium, iron, and A local dealer, phone of your and B vitamins to nourish the nerv-... write or

ous system and blood stream? For

WILLIAMS achopsandwichor grindspreadandthatmixstoreswellwell,Yi pound pitted dates, Yi cup walnuts,

Co. Machine Sewing it is figs. to be When 34 pound

Salt Lake City, So. Main 50

juice fruit or cream. Utah used, mix with 5-8651 Phone

Special discount to (b) Nuts: almonds, Brazils, haChurch Organizations zelnuts, peanuts, and others which

(Continued on page 762) 760 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA!j J

SCOUTING

Hamilk** By FORACE GREEN r V apprenBTmfSer'feplorer, Scout apprentice,.i;n- iMdwd&*reuScout

's Beak expedition. a

f,ewaTtiedsecond council.for tMr| [fiesf PeakThis was iar a|*,f *lf

wiro CounciJ Empi \ Golden. rf 22fl ve. ui had by Explorers Cache Valley

89 Picture Councils, "/tfoftno to1 other P""- are iar * W8S takBut those i k *?*%*; (or examination. t

quite *tth be $8 be U?rip wman ij have ngid,|Jfbe food may * the,e their own ot tornishing hikers pfcyed fS iAve compi Snitbwe wa, being! Sfreport no* are abou 'what the; they fis But in ywhere Areo't ** ttSS'i old headpuarters J? e tnei -. And icingBudding. p"*m ", ypatherScout thffflg oi Ogden, rrms in r dropped; were uns \f52

three. BLAj Valley, ers reregister doesnH wnit a reason The

I *troop,AIJor posr. P And we whave neverthev ha<5

Six Ufahns

iWor/cf Scout Aj"trl|- Dateline, 15.W Some Scuts,,countryfrom 1, tl democratic every ><- irlv r|n"|oP.nhe=S

u* /"WSan7ofXHwooaiana Friday. e are fw*. group |! the In S(XHUU from Scuuters three and Knrkte A Oscar are,,

City; ct &

Boy Scouts find complete Scout News every Saturday in the Deseret News

Here in the Mountain West where there to the interest of boys in this age group is are more Boy Scouts per capita than anyanother reason why the Deseret News has other part of the nation the Deseret News become known as the Mountain West's considers Scout news important. family newspaper.

The Deseret News is the only paper in The Scout page appears in the Deseret the West to devote a page each week to News every Saturday. Read it for timely

news of scouting activities. This is another news of happenings and future events in

example of how the Deseret News appeals scouting activities.

to the interests of all its readers. This appeal

THE NEWSPAPER THAT APPEALS TO EVERYONE

THE MOUNTAIN WEST 'S ZfrdfrH E W!SPAPER

OCTOBER 1951 761.

Storage Foods

{Continued from page 760) ALL-O-WHEAT in There's a are cooked oil. Nuts fresh—not CEREAL protein vitamins. provide and B Beautiful The Best and Most Healthful

(c) Crackers: graham wafers, Cereal for Your Family to Eat!

(socalled), sodas wholewheat national is All-O-Wheat not

Triscuits, Thins, wholeWheat the only from made

Fig are Bible for wheat Newtons. There finest Whole 100%

Every Need many cracker and cookie combinatainsWheatall thewhichfood conval- tions on the market today which ues, but it also conflour, chiefly its white values and sugar, and tains Lectern are Teacher Home flavor AFdelicious little fat, with vitaminmineral or no Letter Zipper is processed. TER it Red They should be eaten very

IT'S STEEL CUT Color Cover Testament value.

iiiii iiiiiiiiiiiniiiii tiii iiii sparingly. * i 1 1 1 1 1

cebreakfast | ALL-O-WHEAT a granular real is milled to | | for.. FishersThe Testamentof Men (( de )) CheesePopcornspreads, peanut butclear special fineness—small, | on a Steel | bold ter

valuable helps. for type, A MUST retaining thus I Cut machine, | attractive Three (f) Honey, molasses Christian

styles. Printed on of vitamins,! maximum la Worker, juices: Fruit apple, grape, (g) India paper. proteins, 1 building min- | body pineapple, grapefruit, toorange,

Is, etc. era | Ask for mato, others that iiiiiiiiiiiillilllllilS iiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiM and are canned iiiiiimiu mini minim

is sugar. It added someBibles without national!!

to the ALL-O-WHEAT IS economical times more buy at your bookstore

BELOVED KING JAMES VERSION small cans that can be used imDELICIOUS to the Taste mediately, as the juices must be NUTRITIOUS to the Body kept cool after opening. Fresh citrus EASY TO PREPARE VERY ECONOMICAL to use fruits keep well in winter and are

more desirable than canned fruits. Get it at oryourwritegrocersto today

Storage Foods ALL-O-WHEAT CO.

Dried foods, canned foods, and OGDEN, UTAH frozen foods are all available in variety today, and although they should not form the bulk of the diet, they have found a place in most family menus. Specific suggestions include:

Dried Foods:

(a) Peas: whole and split peas

(b) Beans: navy, kidney, lima,

soy GOOD FOR NOTHING (c) Lentils and garbanzos

CORNER GOES TO WORK (chickpeas)(d) Dried fruits: apples, apriwith a

cots, and others "MODERNFOLD"DOOR (e) Corn and popping corn.

BEAUTIFUL SAVES SPACE These will keep in the package

DURABLE for some time, but if to be kept for ECONOMICAL the doors that fold a year or two, they are best stored like an accordion in jars to keep out weevils.

Canned Foods:

(a) Evaporated milk For demonstration write or phone (b) Soup: especially bean or

pea, as these provide protein (c) Honey, molasses %jj ilhtwlnHu... SALT LAKE CITY 1343 SO.ALDER'SMAIN Beans ( d ) Phone 7-1531 the flavorful

(e) Fruit juices (see snack list) minty aroma oftastefreshlyand

Alvita Peppermint made Please send me Meat is irresistable... iced Tea titled Beautiful a "What your freeWaybookletto Saveen- (f)

as it's as refreshing or hot IE Fish Space"(g)

NAME.. (h) Fruit and vegetables: to be a spring morn.

Address used moderately, chiefly when fresh Ask for It... at Your

City State. foods are unavailable. Local Health Food Store

Canned food, if bought in small ALVITA PRODUCTS CO. P A S A D E N A, C A L I F O R N i A

762 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

quantity and used and replenished These can be kept in the package over a threeor fourweek period, for some time, but longterm storHANDY HINTS can be kept in any available place. age is best achieved in cans. Some Payment for Handy Hints used will be

For longer keeping, it should be packaged cereals (shredded wheat, thatone dollartwo withuponthe publication.same idea areIn submitted,the event

placed where it is cool, away from puffed wheat, etc.) are whole grain the one postmarked earlier will receive the

heated pipes in winter and sun's and keep well, but food value has dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

heat in summer. Canned milk will been lost in processing and storing. but each will receive careful consideration.

keep for a year, if kept cool. Those ( See The Improvement Era, Feb. A good way to make leather and chamois

who have access to basements for 1951, p. 116, "Speaking of Whole olivegloves oilsofterto theis washto addwater.a few Anddropseachof

storing food can plan to keep a Grains.") Those who wish to use rinse water should have some soap in it.

bag of potatoes and onions; a box modern packaged foods to some D. B.

of apples; a sand bin or can of carextent (dry cereals, cake mixes, Ogden, Utah

rots, beets, turnips, etc. Students etc. ) should think seriously of keepThoroughly cleanse an old discarded

may have much of this food sent ing on hand for daily use supplepurse-containerlipstick holder, forandbobbyyou havepins. Bythe manipuperfect

from home; young marrieds who ments which can be added to food lating the bottom of the lipstick holder,

are settled for a year or two would (or taken alone) to restore some of you can raise the bobby pins, causing do well to consider some storage the natural qualities which have themcessibleto forfan use.out, making them easily acplan for economy's sake as well as been lost. Wheat germ, rice polish- R. G. M.

for convenience. ings, soy powder, brewer's yeast, Alhambra, California

The freezing method of preservablack molasses are some of these; Old rubber overshoes will look like

tion retains more mineral and vitathey are best kept cool. new gone over with liquid shoe polish

min values in food than canning, liquid(any color),floor wax.let dry, then two coats of

but of course necessitates use of a J. E. W.

freezer compartment for storage. Burley, Idaho

If you must leave a small baby alone

Cereals in a room soon after feeding, turn it on (a) Wheat: for whole or ground itsis higherside andthansee itsthat mouth.the backIf ofit itsshouldhead

cereal, and for flour vomit, it will not choke but empty its (b) Rolled oats mouth upon the folded diaper you have (c) Corn meal (whole grain) placedF. S. A.under its head.

(d) Whole rice. St. George, Utah

Profitable new career open to qualified women

Fascinating fulltime position where you choose your own hours

An established Marshall Fieldowned enterprise personality and interest in serving others are offers outstanding opportunities in your comfar more important. The age requirement is

munity to women of character, education and 2555.

sincere interest refinement. in education A is You must be ready to start October 8, if you

in teaching, club or background essential. And

church work is desirable. qualify. So write now for a local interview. In

your letter, state your age, education, address

Previous experience is unnecessary. Nor do you and telephone number. Address Mr. J. Allen

need to have specific business training. Your English, Dept. 2240, Box 5968, Chicago 80, 111.

Secure future with guaranteed income

OCTOBER 1951 763 PENCIL LEAD BULLETS

(Continued from page 725) ground sucked at a person's heels mountains splotched with light, in the low places.

and shadow; this in contrast I huddled on the rock, cold, hunrifle lay to the fog of lowhung, windgry, and discouraged. My.nJm I hugged my driven clouds which had persisted across my lap while

knees in an effort to keep warm.

for two days. The day and the hunting season

The snow had melted on the were almost over, and I had yet lower hills but still capped the this day to see a buck, much less higher peaks. Soggy, slippery shoot at one.

Wtik...

TILBEST ANGEL... and \J\Je J>natt Ulnaerdtana

FOOD CAKE MIX It's so easy... RICHARD L. EVANS

and quick, too!

No need to JDerhaps we are all acutely aware, and somewhat measure and troubled at times, at the seeming injustices and unsift—or sepaexplained adversities and unanswered questions of life.

rate egg whites Our questioning may be caused by someone who has...no leftover lived what to us seems to be a good and sound and sensiegg yolks. You just add lust ble life, who becomes seriously ill, or who has some unwater, mix and bake. odd deserved setback, or meets tragic misfortune. There

Perfect results every time. wQter are so many such questions: What of people born with

handicaps? What of those who are injured by the

T ry these other Tilbest Mixes actions of others? What of those who are taken at

CHIFFON CAKE BROWNIE a time when they seem to us to be needed most? What

BlUE BERRY MUFFIN DOUGHNUT of those whose service is cut exceedingly short while some live longer than they sometimes seem to want to live? What of promising young people who are taken

in the years of their youth? What of cherished children

who are suddenly seized by illness or accident? When

we see what can occur that we cannot readily reconcile, QUICK our souls sometimes cry out in questioning as to why such things are permitted to be so. Why? We could

speculate perhaps upon a thousand possible answers without being certainly sure we had the right one. But

as to these and all other unanswered questions—of which

there are many—as to all of them: We must have faith.

And as to all of them perhaps we should once more remind ourselves that life is a process and not an ultidestination. It is a mate end—a journey and not a

reaching for, but not an ultimate arrival. If life were

bounded by birth and death, the seeming injustice of some of the daily happenings we see would never for us find adequate explanation. But sometime at some

turn in the eternal journey, with a just God watching over all, we shall understand all that is not now understood. And when we know, the answer will seem to us

to be as simple as the answer to some things we now know, which once were not understood. And we shall

be satisfied and shall come to the quiet conviction that, having done our best, we can leave what we cannot do or cannot change in the hands of a kind and just and

Serves 4... ready in merciful Father, and not be bitter about those who receive more or less from life than they seem to deserve.

4 minutes... at amazing

Jhe Spoken lA/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROAD*

CASTING SYSTEM, AUGUST 19, 1951

Copyright, 1951 NOW AT YOUR GROCER!

764 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Thinking to help the situation by moving around again, I unbent my stiffened form and walked a little way up the ridge. Then things

began to happen.

There was a crash as a heavy the underbrush struckbody in a first choice quaking aspen below.grove A

snapped, and a magnificent buck splashed up toward the pass which

I had just vacated. I was screened

from the buck's view by a servicefor your berry bush as he plunged past, his flying hooves splattering mud to either side.

'The Rocking Chair',"I said Church aloud. "Boy, what a deer!"The

rifle flew to my shoulder—and

dropped. Instead of shooting, I

just watched him run.

I dropped the gun to the ground all electronic organs, Among the hill, the to crest of theand ran Model 25 is Wurlitzer the only one designed a stub for at Wurlitzer pocket Organclawing my sacrificing without for ensemble pencil and an old envelope. Standtone. Ensemble is essential to inresponsive action, and a solution to

ing with my feet spread and my terpret organ literature. And given the problem of space are also among

heart pounding, I scribbled hurriedthe proper ensemble, organists can the many advantages provided.

effects. solo achieve desired fundrais- a tried For proved and effort to in get a drawingly a mad

too, Here, is the electronic only facts ing plan, about and the many it reached before the deerof its in the organ price class that includes Wurlitzer models, with get in touch pines. Then with a start I rememcrescendo pedal and combination your Wurlitzer Organ dealer. Conbered Joe. pistons as standard equipment. sult your classified telephone direcThe deer was hardly out of Standard dimensions and controls, tory, or write us for his name.

sight, and I could still hear him THE RUDOLPH WURLITZER COMPANY, NORTH TONAWANDA, NEW YORK EXECUTIVE OFFICES, CHICAGO, ILLINOIS crashing through the trees when

Joe stumbled up the hill behind me. Considering a Piano? More

of out people Wurlitzer Pianos buyHe was all

Builder breath, mudWurliTzerWorld's Largest and Pianos of Organs than those of any other name. bulged. eyes Hissmeared. Under One Great Name

"Did you see him? What a

head! Didn't you get a shot? Which Missionaries

way'd he go?"Former Missionaries

The questions, except for breath Seventies—Servicemen

punctuations, fairly tumbled over L.D.S. Readers and Students

each other. Read and Enjoy

I tried to hide the envelope, but

Joe spotted it in my hand. etore

"Of all the fools!"Joe choked

for lack of words, his mouth working, his hands hanging incredulously at his sides. Then he started 1st Edition—July, 1951

1951 over. 2nd Edition—August,ORDER NOW FROM

"Of all the idiots I ever saw, you Deseret Book—Bookcraft

top the lot. I've walked my legs or otherOnly 50bookCENTSdealers

off clean up to the knees tryin'to (Discount to missionaries) give you a shot at a deer, and For autographed copy write author

CARL 1. EDVALSON

AVE. OGDEN, UTAHwhen the granddaddy of them all 2310 JACKSON

nearly runs over you, you draw pictures of him."Joe choked again

of Free Given Cost To You—more, theremomentarily. was Then

and of Vitamins supply 30 day sarcasm of his acid only for sending Unbreakable... moulded two us Minerals in which the

friends orders easyto-get from glass. like Lightto look Finally dissolved me.completely price at relatives everybody and L''eofree. noise weight, f afford. can SCIENTIFICALLY height. said: Standard squall passed, he and the nomicul. SUPPLEMENT BALANCED FOOD

dealer. your from Order guaranteed by and compounded freight."pull "Let's 167 SB largest manufacturer oldest and OFFER SPECIAL

Dot. $1.25 in extra of U.S. vitamins Earn

lot trial slid to of $1.00 back slipped for Mail and postin spare time. Send cash We

postpaid. sent details. dozen for free one card today led. I followed. in silence. Joecamp DIV. DISTRIBUTING COMPANY, N NOYES Mass. 14. St., Boston Sinlbury 55 fiOODS'CO. BRASS Mexico Ave. Albuquerque, 302 page) New 1/? W. Central following (Continued on

OCTOBER 1951 765 Pencil Lead Bullets (Continued from preceding page) CONFERENCE VISITORS

I could sense anger and disgust in Welcome his every step. at

When we came to the ridge it to get beginning camp, above was in BEESLEY'S dusk. Ross and had left Red

Red's car. Red had taken Joe's MASON and HAMLIN

deer with him. The Stradivari of Pianos

We loaded the equipment into the trailer and secured the soggy KNABE

The Piano of the tent as a tarp over the top. Joe Metropolitan Opera drove the Model A, and with me

at the rear, grunting, slipping, and EVERETT pushing in the wet clay, we finally The finest toned, medium gained the firmer footing of the priced spinet pianos built graveled road.

CABLENELSON angry twist of the wheel With an Beautiful spinet pianos in

Joe turned the ancient Ford onto the low priced field the road, and I climbed silently into the seat beside him. As we made

a sharp bend in the canyon, we alBand Instruments most ran broadside into "Old RockSheet Music ing Chair"buck, which stood for and Everything Musical an instant across the road.

Joe brought the car to a stop with a jerk which almost threw me BEESLEY MUSIC CO.

through the windshield. Both of

us piled out of the car and fought 70 South Main Phone 4-6518 Salt Lake City

MARCAL PAPER NAPKINS clothing and other equipment which UTAH'S PIONEER MUSIC HOUSE covered the guns in the rear seat.

Joe was the first to clear his gun, and thrusting a cartridge into the breech, he took a hasty shot at the deer as it plunged through the

When Doctor Says willows which fringed the small VISIT stream. 'STOP the of running deer sound The stop, did not HA WAII stood there and we SMOKING'for a few seconds, listening. The

sounds from the fleeing deer came THIS WINTER

NICOSTOP jumps,to an abruptand I haltfoundaftermythevoice.first few

makes it easy i "I believe you hit him. It sounded You need no passport for

Mentioned in Dr. Merrill's column, NICOlike it."this SOUTH SEA HOLIDAY.

STOP is endorsed by leading physicians. Both of us jumped the stream

Pleasant harmless—used—thousands the rushed sucand through willows

cessfully. At or write DRUGGISTS NICOthrough the deer which gone. Transportation, hotels, sightseeing, St. had STOP, Dept. A, Calif. Helena,

for in adwill all you be arranged faces. our slapped Willows

it We vance. much You will know how half blindly in ran the direction

taken by the buck. costs before you start.

Joe, in the lead, took a sprawlWHEN IN ing, headlong fall over something WRITE OR PHONE

SALT LAKE CITY large in his path. His rifle flew

Visit the from his hands as he fell.

The hurdle Joe had failed to UNIVERSAL TRAVEL QUISH clear rose up from the ground with

BEAUTY SHOP a coughing grunt. I ran into it SERVICE

at 338 South before I could stop.

Main Street 'The buck!"I yelled, as I crashed HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE

Expert Hair Dressers and Beauticians into its hind quarters. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

for 40 years.

PERMANENT WAVES, FACIALS, AND With another gurgling grunt the Phone 5-6215

MANICURES, OUR SPECIALTIES wounded deer charged the prostrate

Joe, who with his wind knocked 766 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA out of him had been unable to rise.

Joe threw himself over on his back and raised his legs in an attemptto protect his body from the GET READY murderous antlers and hooves. Theprongs of the buck's antlers passed M-MEN NOW!

on each side of Joe into the ground. For 195152 Basketball

Joe clutched at the antlers and held Competition himself against the deer's head, LOOK! WOULD YOU LIKEthus saving himself.

The deer shook his head vio- A BALL lently, with Joe still hanging desperTHAT LASTS LONGERately onto the antlers, and again MORE WEARplunged in an attempt to pinion the SATIN UNIFORMS WILL NOT PEEL man to the muddy ground. The As low as $4.45 AND

breath went out of Joe in a rush. (Special Team Prices) COSTS NO MORE The deer reared back to slash THAN REGULAR BALLS?with his hooves, but my rifle finally OFFICIAL LASTBILThad found its voice. The buck collapsed as the life went out of him. BASKETBALLS its Rawlings new

side at myself I threw Joe's and "CONVERSE"SHOES SEAMSEALED fairly hurt?"shouted, Are "Joe! you

Joe rolled his head, gasped for OFFICIAL breath, and looked up at me. with Place Your Orders ata sickly grin on his face. BASKETBALL "His stickers missed me, and I Come In and See It—Now!don't think he busted any bones. II SpoiXwuGoocU. M

Thank goodness for once you BENNETT'S, Ogden # BENNETT'S, Provo weren't shootin'pencil lead bullets!"LOGAN HARDWARE CO., Logan

IDAHO GLASS & PAINT CO., Pocatelio

EASTSIDE PAINT CO., Idaho Falls

65 W. First South Salt Lake City TWIN FAILS GLASS & PAINT CO.

These Times

(Concluded from page 690) somewhere between Kaesong and Taejon, and who hadn't had a betplaced on him, either. Sound Investment

***** Franklin said, "IF A MAN EMPTIES HIS PURSE

The gospel doctrine classes will keep INTO HIS HEAD NO ONE CAN TAKE IT AWAY on discussing the teachings of the FROM HIM. AN INVESTMENT IN KNOWLEDGE

Book of Mormon each Sunday mornALWAYS PAYS THE BEST INTEREST."An investing, with most of us, during October, ment in training at the L.D.S. Business College will bring

talking as if we knew what was in that you the practical business knowhow to help you increase book. The quorums will continue unyour income and gain a position of responsibility.

raveling the threads of volume VII of the History, and, if they Church hurry, beat to ENROLL NOW Brigham may Young

Winter Quarters by December 5, Classes are available in further for call or Write 1847, the First Presidency when was Business Administration Shorthand corare information. You reorganized. will (But of most them L.D.S. at dially welcome Accounting # Secretarial to have to up keep College. Business hurry—especially

with Brigham, any time, anywhere.) and a variety of other business subjects.

And, of course, the new batch of Register for day or evening classes at

Special Interest Class leaders in the

M.I.A.'s will be scrambling to collect

the biggest roster of outside talent to charm and woo the busy Latterday Saint into a Tuesday or Wednesday D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE evening Mutual; and, they will be a L70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY

little discouraged, as usual, but "will all press on."More and more of the

rest of us will be at home, conducting a HOTEL LANKERSHIM special interest session with TV. And 7th & BROADWAY

as we see a 1936 film, we will wonder ROOMS the people on earth got along how in OjccoaIok 10RoomsDouble faroff, distant that heydey New Deal with so little government. This, may SALT LAKE COSTUME CO. IN THE VERY HEART OF

be October 1951, in these times. 248 So. Main St., Salt lak* City - Dial 3-1031 LOS ANGELES

OCTOBER 1951 767 0WV oymsz

Editors'Note: The two letters following present two diftions to The Improvement Era? Personally, I think it

ferent viewpoints. We think you'll be interested in them. will be of more value over the years than anything else in

the world.

Santaquin, Utah Sincerely, Dear Editors: Jean Hedges Hall

Last year my husband and I both taught school in San

Diego, California. Before we accepted these positions,

we deliberated for some time. We were afraid to go so far Co. Dublin, Ireland

away from the main stem of the Church. Our fears were Dear Sirs:

194849, subscription of a year's present that unwarranted. and out a found had no matter are where you We

live really religion for 195051. can the your have present in the world you if you of a similar are nearing end WEwe

the desire and faith. We have always had great pleasure in reading them, and

We lived in the Pacific Beach Ward. We will always they have answered many questions about your Church

be indebted to Bishop Grant Hodgson and all the members which have come into our minds from time to time.

for their kindness, companionship, and sincerity. We are leaving Ireland next month, and our emigration

But I believe our main link with the Church was The has been made possible by the sponsorship of our Los

Improvement Era. We feel that it is the one magazine Angeles relations who are, of course, members of your

we can read knowing the material is sincere and truthful. Church. It is no small undertaking to sponsor the immigration of a family of four, and it should be a lesson in unSincerely, selfishness to all—no matter what their religion.

I si Ruth Wasden Wishing you continued success,

Yours sincerely, Ogden, Utah * Mr. and Mrs. C. I. Attwooll

Dear Editors:

A t various intervals I have taught in Mutual, Primary, ** and Sunday School; and I also became a Golden Gleaner. Hongchon, Korea

Later I moved to California, and I became very inactive. Dear Editors:

Therefore, I can speak almost as an outsider. I don't be- T received the May issue of the Era yesterday. I would

lieve the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is * like to thank you for your efforts in getting The Improveadvertised enough in Los Angeles. We were there three ment Era out here in Korea. The wonderful stories and

months before we finally found someone who knew where editorials are inspiring and out here in Korea all soldiers there was an L. D. S. Church. I even searched the church could use the same advice and knowledge which lie within

sections of several newspapers and found nothing. It seems its pages.

that the majority of these people have heard of us, but they My favorite reading is "The Spoken Word"by Richard didn't realize we were there in their city. Do they have a L. Evans.

program of sending out ward teachers? I was in Burbank Thanks again and may God continue to bless us with such

and Los Angeles a year and a half and I never saw an clean and eternal knowledge.

L. D. S. missionary or ward teacher in my neighborhood at

all. Respectfully yours,

I believe The Improvement Era would be a wonderful /s/ Sgt. William H. Jephson

medium for reaching the people who are of another religious sect. Wouldn't it be nice for each member to give a subscription as a gift to someone who is a nonmember. My Alpha, Washington

motherin-law sent the first copy I have ever had in my Dear Editors:

home as a gift last year. It was the conference edition and VT'our article tracing the history of the Los Angeles Temple

it was so inspiring that I immediately subscribed for it. * lot was doubly interesting to me; once for the content,

On the very day I received my June issue, one of my Protesand a second time for the author, with whom I was cortant friends started asking a question or two and those very responding before the war, about genealogy since he is my subjects just happened to be stressed in the Era, so I ran cousin through my greatgrandfather, Edward Stevenson.

over and got it and read two items to her and her hosband.

Now she has started reading the Book of Mormon. Sincerely,

This Christmas, for gifts, why don't we all give subscrip- /s/ Bert A. Dickson

MIA MAIDS FROM PAROWAN STAKE

Mrs. Nora Lund writes enthusiastically of

her Mia Maids from Paragonah Ward, Parowan (Utah) Stake. She says: "I'm proud of

my girls. I love M.I.A. work, as you can see.

It's a challenge to every girl. I'm sure that the

sixteen I am directing now will all be Silver

Gleaners, and many will be Golden Gleaners.

They were all Honor Bees, filled the Mia

Maid requirements, and they already have a good start toward Silver Gleaners."

They are, first row, left to right: Ida Talbot, Lois Guyman, Rayma Thornton, Doris

McBride, Jacklyn Robb, Betty Jean Lund.

Second row, Anna Talbot, Nora Lund, Mia

Maid leader; Esther Robb, Jennie Dunton,

Larie Hunt, and Shirley Robinson.

768 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA How do weDare make this Guarantee?

Fill your crankcase with new, improved Phillips 66 Heavy

Duty Premium Motor Oil. Try it for ten days—or up to

1,000 miles. If it doesn't satisfy you on every count, go to

any Phillips 66 Dealer and he'll arrange for a refill using any available oil you want at our expense.

The reason we dare make this guarantee is simple. We are sure this new and improved Phillips 66 Heavy Duty Premium

Motor Oil will please you. It's a great

motor oil. It gives you a new high in

Lubritection. For example, here are a few

of the special benefits you get:

Yes! It keeps

corrosion and friction from harming piston your cylinderengine—walls.guards rings and

Yes!

Acids are neutralized—protecting

bearing surfaces from pitting.

1 Yes! And a

clean engine means more powerless gasoline consumption.

INSUM >TIONt Yes!

It resists decomposition—keeps oil

control rings free. So—fewer makeup quarts are needed over

thousands of miles of operation.

It's because of important features like these that Phillips 66 Heavy Duty Premium Motor Oil surpasses manufacturers'specifications for all makes of cars. It's

truly a "Heavy Duty"motor oil—will do

an outstanding job in trucks as well as passenger cars. Try Phillips 66 Heavy

Duty Premium Motor Oil today. We

guarantee satisfaction.

fHear Rex Allen and the Sons of the Pioneers Mon. nights on C.B.S.

Phillip STOP AT STATIONS WHERE YOU SEE THESE SIGNS 66 armg Things of LifeM?5WtW$MMMMM

frt Beautiful Beneficialland..*

prater Lake is set gemlike in a wondrous pattern of vast sky, tall timber, and snowfrosted crags... and it

becomes even more aweinspiring when the sight is shared with family and friends. In a more limited setting, there's

something wonderfully satisfying about the orderly pattern"of family security provided by a tailoredto-measure

Beneficial Life Insurance program!

BENEFICIAL LIFE Insurance Company David O. McKay, Pres. }SI.BH*JERCtALj $alt Lt,ke Ci,v'W'ah

': f; r, *;

a&'OS'.V* -J* *

i#-f dt... **