The Improvement Era March 1960.,,,

NewI Tuna Twirls I prizewinning recipe with the all prime fillet tuna -White Star

Only one brand of tuna is all prime fillet, pressurebaked 1 medium onion, grated or finely chopped 2 tablespoons chopped green pepper in the special way that keeps White Star so delicate V2 cup shredded Cheddar cheese in flavor. When you see "White Star"on the label, you y%1 wellbeatenteaspoon cayenneegg. Mixpepperthoroughly.and

know it's all prime fillet -moist, tender, firmly packed. Spread,.. evenly over dough. Roll as for jelly roll, starting

slices. cutside Place side; cut into 10 with 12inchYet even this superior tuna costs so little, it makes sheet apart. baking inch one on ungreased down

sense to buy the bestWhite Star brand. Bake...in hot oven (425) 20 to 25 minutes. Serve hot

with Cheese Sauce.

TUNA TWIRLS CHEESE SAUCE 8 to 10) (Serves heat. 2 in butter tablespoons in over Blend low saucepan Melt

Sift flour 1 1/16 soda. teaspoon Gradually tablespoons cup add 2 and.. sifted Flour Pillsbury's Alltogether 2 Purpose Best cups

until water; with cook milk evaporated mixed 1 cup undiluted teaspoons baking doubleacting powder 3Y2 1 stirring constantly. shredded cheese thick, Cheddar cup Add salt teaspoon and y2 until taste. cooking cheese to salt Continue pepper and and into teaspoons bowl. 2 mixing sugar

oz.) Vegetables, drained. vegall 1 (16 can melts. Mixed Add

in... fine. particles until shortening areCut cup y2

Stir in.... 2 teaspoons caraway seed.

evaporatedCombine.. 1 unbeaten egg milk and to measure for the mermaid on the NIW UMIIT UK all ingredients at once; dry stir until% Look cup. Add to

clings together. floured dough on Knead surface label, guarantee your WHITEiSTAR 12"strokes. out to a 10 Roll rectangle. x 10"

finest of CHUNK quality. WHITEiSTAR FILLING TUNA SOLID

oz. each) or cansCombine.. 2 White Star tuna, (9V Qy2 broken into very small pieces TUNA TUNA

All the flavor I I:: lllllll

is not in the cheese mMllaiim II (or the salad or dip or soup, or whatever you

PiSlfl serve with Saltine B:>:j|:'IIi >I Crackers by Purity)

liSllliilllllgllli;i!iyyiiiiii

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

The Honey Bee

The queen honey bee lays eggs at the rate of about 1500 a day.

The eggs about equal her weight. The

queen bee lays at this rate for three or four years.

European Salmon

Studies of European salmon have found that only one or two out of hundreds and thousands show two spawning marks, evidence that they have spawned twice and are returning for a third time. Rarely giant

salmon are found which indicate signs of three or even four spawnings Your favorite cheese or cheese spread—tasty notbut more.

as it may be—is even more delicious with the

Water Requirements of Cattle perky flavor of Saltines by Purity... so fresh

and crackling crisp, so really special.

When the appetizer, or the snack, calls for crackers, taste what a difference Saltines by Purity makes.

Work summarized by Winchester and Morris of the United States Department of Agriculture indicates that the water requirements of cattle are 0.3 to 0.4 gallon per pound of

dry matter consumed; that salted

rations may increase water consumption 20 to 100 percent, and that raising the environmental temperature from 40 Fahrenheit to 90 At your favorite grocer's

Fahrenheit increases the water used irt I and 2 pound cartons 2.5 times.

PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatello

MARCH I960 1.29

The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood.::''. Quorums, Mutual Improvement

Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for March 1960 Volume 63, Number 3

Church Features

The Editor's Page: The Printed Companions We Choose,

President David O. McKay 142

Your Question: Differences in Genealogical Lineages,

President Joseph Fielding Smith... 144

A Faith That Was Justified, (Genealogy) Norma Haheck Sommer 150

The Church Moves On, 138; Melchizedek Priesthood Page: How to Perform Priesthood Ordinances, 194; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 196.

Special Features

There Is a New Look in the Church Department of Education,

Alma, A. Gardiner. 150

Leadership Development: Imperturbability, Sterling W. Sill.... 160

On the Bookrack.. 163 ART AND PHOTO CREDITS:

What Is an Ideal Father? W. Cleon Skousen 164 Cover,photo,art,HalAlvinRumelGittins, color

These Three 170 Era197,Staff,198199,129, 132,208151, 154, 172,

And Ye Shall Teach One Another, Russell N. Stansfield 172 ChurchDale Eilboum,Informationart, 147,Service,148, 142160161

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 180, 182, 193, 204 ErnstJohn Goddard,Wittke, 150.155 172

Farrell Collett, art, 156 Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 129; These Times: Time for the Family, The Dave Burton, art, 164165

Children Speak, G. Homer Durham, 132; Letters and Reports, 134.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Friday We Shop, Saturday We Cook, Sunday We Rest 198

On Being a Lady: Wake Up, It's Spring! 201

The Last Word 208

Stories, Poetry

Aunt Jody, Albert R. Lyman 146

Kayaks down the Nile, John M. Goddard 154

The Bravest Man—First of two parts, Deone R. Sutherland 156

Poetry 159, 162, 167, 178, 182, 187, 189, 193, 200, 202, 207

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, 11, Utah

L. Evans, and Richard Editors; DoyleDavid O. McKay

Editor; Editor;Production L. Zoblll, Jr., Research Albert L.JohnGreen,G. KinManagingnear, EditorialEditor; Associate;Marba C. FlorenceJosephson,B,AssociatePinnock, ManagingToday's FamilyEditor;Editor;ElizabethRalphJ. ReynoldsMoffitt,

Art Directors.and Ed Maryon,

F. Bennett,Archibald G. Homer Durham; Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Milton R. Hunter, Hugh Nibley, Sidney B. Sperry, Contributing Editors. THE COVER:

JosephThayer T.Evans,Bentlev,RegionalGeneralAdvertisingManager;Representative,Bertha S. Reeder, Associate General Manager; Verl F Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription Director; Artistof the AlvinProphetGittin'sJosephoilSmithportraithangs in the

of the conference west room Church of Saints. of Christ Inc., the Associations of Latterday Church Funds, Jesus hy Improvement Mutual and the Mutual published AM rightsCopyright by

in Salt Building Administration Lake issues. for special single year, copy, i960Subscription except price, 25c in subscriptions,reserved. foreign $2.50 a year, $3.00 a in advance; advance;

for transparency The color for 1103. in section provided Act City. (he Post at Salt rate for mailing Office, special of City, matter.Entered as secondclass postage Acceptance Lake Utah

cover use was 2, 1917, madeof Octoberat by authorized 1918. ERA July

The Improvement Era is not responsible For unsolicited manuscripts but welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of Iftc Hal Rumel.

a word and must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

days'noticeThirty changes cannot be madeis requiredunless forthe changeuld addressof address.as well asWhenthe neworderingone isa included.change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Coverby DeseretlithographedNews Press.in full color

130 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NONSTOP D TRACTOR DEMONSTRATIONS prove what you can expect on your farm

*Publisher state of a farm magazine, a state college agricultural engineer, a national and farm publication editor in clockmg the D-17 as diesel Tractor it crossed the finish line after plowing acres ten nonstop.

10 acres plowed in less than 5 hours with four 14 -inch plows; 7% acres in less than 5 hours

with three 14 -inch plows

Diesel performance taking less than iy2 gallons per acre

Gasoline models using only V/2 to less than 2 gallons per acre

Traction Booster system controlling wheel slippage without added weight or builtin excess tonnage

These are the kinds of results your Allispreviously. Land had been in oats. Soil was

Chalmers dealer is waiting to show you on your sandy loam with some heavy clay spots. Time

own farm with your choice of D-Series Tractors. and fuel were carefully measured by the judges.

Above are some of the performance records Your AllisChalmers dealer has the from four nonstop tractor demonstrations conwhole story, including detailed results.

last fall ducted before impartial judges.* Two Whether calls your farming for 10 acres D-17 new Tractors plowed 10 acres each with plowed between not, or meals the speed, conbottoms; a 4 D-14, acres new with 3 bot- l]/2 venience and of a economy new D-Series Tractoms; a D-12, acres 5 new 2 with bottoms. tor will put hours, acres you dollars and ahead.

It was regular farmtype plowing, with 14Let your AllisChalmers dealer demonstrate inch bottoms set at a uniform 7 inches, although the difference between D-Tractor farming and this was deeper than this land had been plowed your present power.

ALLISCHALMERS, FARM EQUIPMENT DIVISION, MILWAUKEE 1, WISCONSIN

TractionALLISCHALMERSBooster is an AllisChalmers trademark. M

Ask your dealer about the AllisChalmers plan to finance your time purchase of farm equipment

MARCH I960 13X These Times

The finest Bibles you can buy

SSBeBBSfflpB11------ ''

mffiBSk::.":-'V-r;.-:::.---ft;;v..:'.:: *.... #s#

02227x- $10.75

Marrakesh Persian Morocco, half circuit, leather lined. 64 pages of

Concise Helps. Jasper selfpro-

nouncing type. Concordance.

Black or Red. 5x7 Vs, only *%"

thick. Time for the Family:

The Children Speak

by G. Homer Durham

Vice President, University of Utah

04434x—$10.95 Towards a 1960 "White House to material things and possessions."

The words of Christ are printed Conference on Children and Youth,"Leisure Time: "There is a need

in red in this beautiful Bible. 42,014 secondary school students in for youth centers... with strong

Calf, grain in Morocco Bound teenagers supervision where imadult "the most reported have Utah selfpro- circuit. Brevier, half sensibly."let off steam can... today"face they portant problems type. blackface nouncing, Concordance. 5x1 Vi, only %"thick. under each of the following topics: Health: "We don't get enough

1. The Family sleep. Too many people, organiza-

2. Religion tions, groups schedule too many

3. Leisuretime Activities things for us to do in the evenings

4. Health and at night.""Many... eat too

5. Education much junk and too little wholesome

6. Welfare food."

7. Government Education: "Academic and scho-

8. Vocations lastic achievement needs greater

A fiftypage compilation of the stress and recognition."

results has been made by Vaughn Welfare: "Father should be at the

L. Hall, Executive Secretary of the head of the house. Parents should

Utah Conference. Some fiftythree say no when it is for the best good

0487x- $12.50 seniorjunior highhigh schoolsschoolsareandrepresented.fortysix of Government:the teenager.""Law enforcement

grained, limp, Morocco, hand far are too courts officers the basic and to a boils report down The lined, corners, leather gold round inconsistent with young lenient and provide should Parents challenge. type. blackface edges. Brevier

.. trouble. into get children. their for. We people who leadership Too or BLUE, BLACK, MAROON,

RED. 4y4x63/8 x%". many are mere economic providers, are warned or threatened about

often at an unnecessary and unapjuvenile delinquency, but these

Authorized King James Version preciated luxury level. threats are never carried out."...

Among the replies: "Too much government control on

OXFORD UNIVERSITY Religion: "We need greater spirthe right to work."

PRESS ituality and less importance... given (Continued on page 206)

132 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TAKEreceives complete service and WEYour foreign car extrathorough lubrication at the sign of the Chevron.

We go to school to learn the best ways to care for all cars from bumper to bumper. And the service procedures

and lubricants we use are approved by auto makers throughout the world.

In any language, our service spells satisfaction.

You can count on us for clean rest rooms, a sparkling windshield, free insideout tire inspections, and many other conveniences that make driving more comfortable.

They are just some of the reasons why every independent survey shows motorists rate the service at the sign of the Chevron "best in the West."

CARE OF

In any engine, the best CARoil is our RPM Supreme... the motor oil used by motorists in many countries

for supreme engine protection. Its DetergentAction

compounding keeps parts so clean, protects them so well, engines can outlast the car itself!

At the sign of the Chevron Standard Stations Chevron Dealers

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

MARCH 1960 133 a few steps from the TEMPLE Letters GROUNDS... and

Reports

,.. and your car is

parked but a few steps from your room.

Every comfort and convenience The entire Beehive and Mia Maid classes of the Cardston (Alberta, Canada) Second

Ward earned individual awards during 19581959. All twentysix girls received their

Free radio and television Honor Bee or Mia Joy awards as well.

Pictured (back row, from left to right) are: Sandra McBride, Kathryn Matkin,

Carol Tagg, Joanne Stewart, Iona Rutledge, Geraldine McNaughton, Colette Card,

Reasonable rates (center row) Mia Maid teacher Bernice Baines, Eileen McNaughton, Brencla Jensen,

Margaret Jean Baines, Doris Shields, Karen Shields, Colleen Bennett, Barbara Herr,

Complete convention Maureen Sloan, Jerrilyn Jensen, Irene Weiss, Louise Herr, Beehive teacher Elva facilities and exhibit Stewart,Sharon Glines,(frontRebeccarow) CherylCrawford.Dee TwoWolff,girls,JudyDonnaWolff,PrinceKarenand Pitcher,Pearl Sommerfeldt,Geneva Smith,and

halls Beehive teacher Rita Sommerfeldt were unable to be present when picture was taken.

Familystyle "Crossroads"restaurant ily lines they have been instrumental in the publication of a book on these families.

Next time you drive to Salt The Mattisons are now retired from,'regular work and are devoting full time Lake, be sure to plan the....Jw'

extra pleasure of staying at to genealogical research.

the 40 Sue Porter, a senior at Cuslring ( Oklahoma ) high school,

Sj|| recentlyCushing'swas1959awardedGood

Citizenship Award, presented by the National Society, DaughPictured above are conscientious geneters of the American alogy workers Frank and Rhodanna Matti- Y Revolution.

of is the eldest the son from Grand Rapids Branch of the *1 Sue chilfive Mission. Great Lakes

In 1958, Brother and Sister Mattison:H dren of Mr. and Mrs.

HOTEL UTAH completedregistration. andOf sentthese,in4463,324werenamesacceptedfor tire family was baptizedFred onPorter,SeptemberThe en-5,

by the Genealogical Committee in Salt 1959, after being contacted by missionaries

MOTOR LODGE LakenamesCity.in theAsMoore,the resultSias,ofandtracing,Wilsie10,000faminearlierthe indishingthe summer.Branch,TheyWestall Oklahomaare active

Max Dean, Mgr.

134 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Give your son this great gift of knowledge...

—MF"*1———- i—|—IB—W—SVMCM

i[mmmiwi m

.,-:.,.:..r;J'-:,:;:-:.: i / '

MORE PRECIOUS H YflllHfi THAN RUBIES S. DILWORTH YOUNG

A Man Loved By Boys

Fathers and youth leaders from all over the

Church are hailing this outstanding book as one of the finest they've read. "Just what our boys

need,"they report. The inactive boy...

the "luke warm"boy... the stalwart... all

will find instruction, inspiration, and stimulation in this book on priesthood. Here is an author

who knows boys... who writes in their

language... and who writes exactly about the

things they should know and understand.

$2.00

Some of the important topics discussed:

What is the priesthood?

Why are we here?

r y i MO PRI Why go to seminary?

Ml)DEMON What is a prophet?

Respect for parents.

How we use the priesthood.

m WhatThe valuethe Wordof chastity.of Wisdom means.

The Church and the world.

r 3-60 BOOKCRAFT City, Utah Main, Salt Lake 1186 South complete have We of copies Please send "More Precious "'facilities for printing your

Than Rubies"for which I enclose $... family histories. Limited

in check ( ) or money order ( ). editions our specialty.

Name Write us for information.

Address

City State

MARCH 1960 135

Fast Fair

District, Central States Mission. Sue, a

high school honor student, teaches a Primary class in the branch. Friendly

A ninety -yearold fullblooded Cherokee Indian, Sister Dollie Greenup, was baptized a member of the Church last September in the Red Star (Gulf States Mission) Branch.

Born in a cave some thirty miles from McAllister, Oklahoma, Sister Greenup lived the nomadic life of. the early Indians. Her

i father, Willie Tingnor, in born: was Keokuk,

Iowa, while his family were making a trip from the Dakotas. Both her parents

and four sisters died of tuberculosis.

An Englishman, Ed Greenup, took a fancy to her after seeing her ride a wild pony. They were married by six Indian

chiefs and then by a Justice of the Peace.

Ed and Dollie lived a full life, traveling the United States in a truck while Ed worked for a railroad company. They

visited Alaska, Hawaii, the Philippines, and

England as they continued in the traditional nomadic life of her forefathers.

Today, Sister Greenup lives in a neat little house in Brookhaven. She studies the

gospel diligently and has read the complete standard works of the Church ( the

Book of Mormon four times) and a number of other classics in Church literature.

Looking amazingly young for her years,

Sister Greenup looks like any other active, elderly lady in the branch except when she dons her native costume for such festivities as home town celebrations.

reported by Elder Larry E. Dorius

NATIONALLY FAMOUS FOR PERSONALIZED SERVICE

Anywhere across the country, day or night, rain or shine, a call brings help from the Farmers -man... FAST. He protects your interests, cuts red

tape, avoids delays. He handles the details, arranges for repairs, Orderville, Utah

speeds settlement of claims. Farmers is famous for FAIR and liberal Dear Editors:

payment of claims, too. Wherever you drive, you'll find FRIENDLY It is a privilege to represent [Era DiFarmers people... ready and willing to give you personal service. Your rector] such a fine magazine as the Era.

Farmers Agent is listed in the phone book under Farmers Insurance We especially enjoy the excellent artwork so material which makes the printed muchGroup. Call him now—before your present policy expires.

covers enjoyable. the best more One of

you've ever featured was the painting of

YOU SAVE MONEY WITH FARMERS! theEverettsea Thorpe.gulls and Itthewaswagonso inspiringwheel, weby

Farmers rates are generally at least 20% lower than most other framed it to hang on our wall. ( How

companies because Farmers insures only careful drivers. Farmers gives I'd love to see the original! Could you

a 10%* discount for one year of accidentfree driving, allows an tell me where it is and whether it can be additional 25% discount on your second car, if you qualify. And your viewed?

Farmers auto liability policy automatically provides protection Thank you!

against hitand-run or uninsured motorists. Janice F. Esplin

for Larry Esplin NOT AVAILABLE IN WASHINGTON, P.S. Of course we always appreciate the

great work of Arnold Friberg, and the cover for December was no exception—it

is lovely!Farmers Auto Symbol of Superior Service/ JF.E.

AUTO LIFE FIRE TRUCKInsuranceCALL FARMERS INSURANCE GROUP

Test Drive and you'll agree -

miles are worth Tai 10.000 words!

For the "Sweetest Rhythm on the Road"

Get FLITEFUEL at your Phillips 66 Station

MARCH 1960 137 SIDE CHAIR STACKS 20 HIGH The Church

IN 36"SQ. OF FLOOR

SRACg Moves On BEAUTIFUL NEW!

CHAIRS December 1959 THAT Mrs. Amy Brown Lyman, lifelong worker in the Relief Society, and eighth general president of that organization, died

at the eightyseven. Speakers at the age of

present Belle S. Spafford, 8, included Mrs.STACK funeral,inheldSalt DecemberLake City

general president of the Relief Society, President David O. McKay,

R. Roberts Bishop Higham of the Nicholas G. Morgan, Sr., and FOR EASY the services. conducted East Twentyseventh Ward, who

STORAGE! American River Stake was organized from parts of the North

Sacramento and Sacramento (California) stakes. President

Austin G. Hunt and his counselors, Elders George E. Leavitt

and R. Bay Hutchings, formerly serving in the North Sacramento

Stake, were sustained to preside in the American River Stake. Elder

Lester D. Call sustained as president of the North Sacramento Stake

with Elders John M. Newey and Ralph A. Greenwell as his counselors. American River Stake has a membership of approximately

4,150, comprising six wards, taken from North Sacramento Stake, and one branch, taken from Sacramento Stake. North Sacramento

Stake has a membership of approximately 3,700, residing in six wards and two brancbes. The organizations, bringing the total

stakes in the Church to 290, were directed by President Joseph

Fielding Smith and Elder Mark E. Petersen, both of the Council

of the Twelve.

Elder Alvin R. Dyer, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve,

spoke to the subject "The Gospel of Restraint/'on the Faith

ARM CHAtR STACKS 7 HIG. in Action, radio series of the National Broadcasting Company.

Spacesaving... lightweight... sturdy Elder Howard W. Hunter, of the Council of tbe Twelve,

allsteel squaretube frame finished spoke to the subject "Tbe Light of the World,"on the Faith in chipresistant baked enamel... in Action radio series of the National Broadcasting Company.

comfortable cushioned seats and Elder Maurice J. Taylor sustained as president of Temple View

contourcurved backrests... wipe- (Salt Lake City) Stake, succeeding President Percy K. Fetzer who

clean vinyl upholstery... wallsaver is now serving as president of the North German Mission. President

feature...your choice of 5 new colors. Taylor's counselors are Elders John R. Burt and Donald M. Ferguson. Released with President Fetzer were his counselors, Elders

now at a new low price Burt and LeGrande Dowdle.

The appointment of Amanda J. (Mrs. Laurel J.) Brown andSamsonite May G. (Mrs. Clifton R. ) Davis to the general board of the

stacking chairs Young Women's Mutual Improvement Association was anFor church, school, club, other group nounced.

seating info., see Yellow Pages or

write: Shwayder Bros., Institutional Seating Div., Dept. IE30, Detroit 29, Mich.

138 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

CHOOSE FROM THE FINEST OR OLDER CLASSICS

BOOKS JUST OFF THE PRESS.. YOU'VE BEEN MEANING TO BUY

TRUTHS

THE &**

"Religious Truths Defined"by Joseph Fielding Smith, Jr. compares IDS doctrine

with the beliefs of other,VA0

Christian faiths. Treats

such important subjects as the Godhead, the preexistence, the fall and atonement, the apostasy, etc. j*&*

HOW THE LDS BOOKS CLUB PLAN HOW TO JOIN...

SAVES YOU UP TO 20% HOW TO GET YOUR BOOKS

You join by ordering one or more of the books

Ith every four books you buy you receive a fifth pictured above. Each month you will receive rebook free... thus you get five choice Church views of several carefully selected books

with one being named book of the month. If you

books for the price of four. A long list of bonus wish to receive the top book, you do nothing—it

will be sent to you postpaid along with a statebooks will be provided from which you make your ment. If you do not want the book, you return

selection. Dozens of marvelous Church books are the postcard provided for an alternate or none at

all. You may order as few as one book every

available through the club and carry bonus credit. three months to keep your membership active.

SAVINGS up to 20% LDS BooksFILL Club,OUTP.O.ANDBox 385,MAILSalt THISLake CityCOUPON7, Utah NOW

finest the Enroll in library available. the LDS want Books me CONVENIENCE "Religious Truths me: ); send Defined,""Leadership,"I and ( $3.95

I, in Basic ); of books delivered to Club$3.50 Vol. Course Genealogy,"( $3.95 ); Vol. "A (

your door $3.95 ( ); "Jesus the Christ,"$3.50 ( ); "Teachings of the Prophet2,

METHODICAL way to Joseph Smith,"$3.50 ( ); "Discourses of Brigham Young,"$3.50 ( ).

add to your library Name BEST NEW LDS Address BOOKS City State OLDER LDS CLASSICS Amount of check or money order enclosed: $

residents (Utah tax.) add 2V2% sales

this information required page, send onIf youseparatedo notsheet.wish (Mar.to mutilate1960)

LDS Books Club MARCH 1960 139 Speaking to the responsibility of both parents in the rearing of children, President S. Dilworth Young of the First Council

of the Seventy gave an address on the Faith in Action radio series of the National Broadcasting Company.

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

H. Roland Tietjen as president of the Hawaiian Temple.

He succeeds President Ray E. Dillman who was recently

released. President Tietjen has been director of personnel at the

Bureau of Information, Laie, Oahu, Hawaii, for the past two years.

He was formerly a president of the South Sevier (Utah) Stake.

January 1960 President David O. McKay addressed the youth of the Church

in the marriage. of courtship spoke and on the ideals He

his voice overflowing, to Food Is A Tabernacle, which and was filled

Bargain... and message were taken by closedwire circuit to other groups of

At Safeway younga problem,peoplehis inspecificallythe MountainrecordedTime messagezone. Wherewas usedtimebeforezones youthwere

groups. He was introduced this evening by Elder Mark E. PeterSafeway works handin-hand sen, of the Council of the Twelve. In all, approximately 170 conwith the farmer to give YOU gregations of youth, representing the 290 stakes of the Church,

the finest food at the best poswere assembled to hear the President. For the following twelve

sible prices in history. weeks, other members of the General Authorities will address the

Just two generations back youth on Sunday evening, discussing vital questions.

50% of the family income was spent for food. Even today in Elder Mark E. Petersen of the Council of the Twelve delivered

12 European countries food the first radio "fireside message"of the current twelvetalk takes 50% of the income. series to the youth of the Church.

But the average American Elder Melvin O. Dearden sustained as first counselor to Presifamily spends only 22% of its dent Roland C. Bremer of the San Antonio (Texas) Stake, succeedVirgil James. Elder Rex S. Hansen sustained as second income for food—food that ing Elder

is better and more convenient counselor succeeding Elder Dearden.

prepare. to

the appointment First of Elder C. Presidency announced The

reasons? are the What sucof Argentine Mission, the as president Snelgrove Laird

First, the producincreased ceeding President Lorin N. Pace. President Snelgrove has

tivity and improved practices presidency (Salt City) Stake in the Granite Lake a counselor farmers of our American who been is of Lincoln years. a former bishop for fifteen Ward. He He individually produce enough

food for 23 people compared served as a missionary in the Mexican Mission 193134. Mrs. Snelto eight some 30 years back. grove and their six children will accompany him to Argentina.

Second, the modern, efficient It was announced that approval by the First Presidency had methods of transporting, rebeen given to bring the current youth "campaign"into the frigerating, displaying and sellEnglish-speaking missions of the Church.

ing which bring food into your kitchen fresher, finer, more apPresident Marion D. Hanks of the First Council of the

petizing and easier to cook than Seventy gave the second talk in the radio series that comever before. And for the great prises the current youth firesides held throughout the Englishvariety of services offered, Safespeaking portions of the Church each Sunday evening.

way takes only 1.5 cents net

profit on the sales dollar. Via radio and tape recording, Elder Marion D. Hanks adSafeway works with the dressed the youth of the Church in their Sunday evening

farmer to make food a real firesides.

bargain for YOU. Elder Marion D. Hanks of the First Council of the Seventy

gave his concluding discussion in the Sunday evening fireside

FRIEND OF THE FAMILY series for the youth of the Church.

FRIEND OF THE FARMER February 1960 February is the month of the annual Penny Drive of the

Primary Association. Funds collected go for the support of

the Primary Children's Hospital in Salt Lake City.

The First Presidency issued a statement urging the support SAFEWAY of the current "Heart Drive."Similar statements are made from

time to time in support of other health drives.

140 THE IMPROVEMENT EBA How else on earth can you travel so relaxed?

Traveling's no fun when you drive yourself from start to stop. To make

it a wonderful experience all the way, go Union Pacific Domeliner. Fine

food... comfortable accommodations... downto-earth views of the

passing countryside... carefree lounges... complete relaxation—all are

yours by Domeliner. Family fares, too—to save you money.

See how wonderful travel can be—go U. P. /

too, their Shippers, can relax when

is in the freight hands ION PACIFIC of Union

Pacific's experienced personnel Dependable Transportation—Passenger and Freight

For information, reservations or help with your travel plans, see your nearest Union Pacific Railroad ticket agent.

march 1960 141 The printed companions we choose

by President David O. McKay

There are great books and good periodicals and good books, and, second, in seeing clearly what is poor books and bad periodicals just as there are good therein written. Reading affords the opportunity to

companions and bad companions. Our characters everyone-—the poor, the rich, the humble; the great—

are formed largely by the company we choose. We to spend as many hours as he wishes in the company

"catch"virtues and vices as well as diseases from our of the noblest men and women that the world has associates. Noble companions inspire nobility, but ever known. No matter how bashful, how reserved,

evil associates lead to moral failure. or how poorly dressed the reader may be, he will

As with companions, so with books! We may choose feel right "at home"in the presence of these greatest

those which will make us better, more intelligent, leaders and thinkers of all time!

more appreciative of the good and beautiful in the In June 1921, during the worldwide mission tour world, or we may choose the trashy, the vulgar, the that the late Elder Hugh J. Cannon and I made toobscene, which will make us feel as though we've gether, we were required by law to stay in quarantine,

been "wallowing in the mire."for several days, on Makahaa Island, in the South

The value of good reading consists first, in selecting Seas. I recall writing in my diary these words: "Men

142 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Editor's Page

sometimes get stranded, but the current of life flows ter with alluring but sinful and highly objectionable on without them!"pictures. Today the newsstands are flooded with

While there one day I read to four of the elders magazines that never should enter a Latterday Saint who were sharing; my shady nook, under a large home—or any home, or any mind, or any heart.

scraggy, gnarled fotulona tree, poems from A Heap d But in the Church we are fortunate to have fine

Limn by Edgar A. Guest, and half of Shakespeare's periodicals that present and point up that which is

play, As You Like If. One of these young elders good in life. Surely every Latterday Saint home

"never liked Shakespeare,"so after I had read one should have all these periodicals, and use them as a or two scenes, I stopped and inquired, "Are you getting compass and a guide in daily life.

tired?"Many of us, when we think of studying, imme-

"No, go on,"the missionaries answered. diately form a mental picture of young Abraham

When it was mealtime, the spokesman said: Lincoln. It is interesting to note how, undoubtedly,

"Please finish it tomorrow, Brother McKay, will his early reading affected his future life and charyou?"acter. Of course, we know from his own words that

"I think I heard one of you say,"I replied, "that the memory of his angel mother influenced him prohe did not like Shakespeare."foundly. She died when he was but nine years old,

"Well, that's the first time I ever liked him,"the yet in after years he said: "All that I am or hope to

young elder said. be I owe to my angel mother."

That is just another example proving that interest It is true that our mothers "make us most"; but

can always be awakened by producing mental picgood companions and good reading are wonderful tures of personality and action. supplemental helps. So I think it was with President

The following afternoon I read Hamlet to the Lincoln. Early in his life he chose good reading.

elders. Chief among his favorite books were the Bible,

Good reading implies thinking. Sentences may be Bunyan's Pilgrim's Progress, Aesop's Fables, and

seen and even pronounced without calling up a single Shakespeare's plays.

idea; indeed, the person's mind may be on something From another of his first books—The Life of Washelse entirely; for example, students sometimes pretend ington by Weems—the lanky lad, lying outstretched

to study their lessons by looking with their eyes at in the flickering light of a crude fireplace, would the assigned page, while their thoughts wander. read and treasure such sayings as these:

When the reader's mind thus wanders, though every "Our private deeds if noble are the noblest of our word in the paragraph be seen, the paragraph has lives."

not been read. Good reading is thinking. It is "My son,"his father is reputed to have said, "I

getting the meaning of the printed page. Good readwould ride fifty miles to see the boy whose heart is

ing is to the intellect what good food is to the body. honest and his life so pure that we may depend upon

Thoughts as food should be properly digested. every word he says."

Our homes are being challenged today in nearly Much of the greatness of George Washington was every field of human activity. The forces of evil are instilled in the character of Abraham Lincoln in

intent upon destroying the faith and preventing the hours thus spent.

Church activity of not only the youth, but of parents Reading is so much a part of modern life, and its as well. effect so farreaching, that anything we do to enReading material should be chosen wisely. As a courage and develop proper reading habits is bound

man may be judged by the company he keeps, so to be helpful to the people and to the Church.

his leanings for the highest and best or the low and Never neglect the opportunity to read aloud from the vulgar in life are indicated by what he reads. the scriptures, from other Church books and period-

"Evil communications corrupt good manners,"and icals, or from the classics of world literature as vou vile literature debases the soul. meet in your precious family hours in your homes. It

One of the avenues of destruction, and one that is will pay big dividends in togetherness and in eternal most effective, is improper and harmful reading mathappiness.

MARCH I960 143 Your Question

Answered by Joseph Fielding Smith '*** I President of the Council of the Twelve

DIFFERENCES

IN GENEALOGICAL LINEAGES

Question:

"I wish to receive an answer to the following question: Is it possible for all the members of a

family, including father and mother, to be of the tribe of Ephraim and one son in that family to be of the tribe of Manasseh?"

144 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A It is very possible that a taken away into Assyria, it does not mean that all of

J3.llolAJ\r patriarch in giving blessthe members of these ten tribes were transported and

ings to a family may that none were left. The Israelites had the privilege

declare that one or more may be of a different lineage of moving from place to place and of intermarrying as from the others through the inspiration which he rethey pleased among the tribes of Israel. Therefore,

ceives. We have in our archives, blessings showing perhaps none of them came down through the ages

this difference to exist in families. Without giving with a pure descent from any one of the sons of

this question careful thought one might conclude Israel. Without doubt there were those in the tribe

unit the patriarch had spoken without inspiration, of Ephraim who married into the tribe of Judah, or but such would be an incorrect conclusion. Manasseh, and those of the tribe of Manasseh that

The fact is that we, each and all, have descended could have married into the tribe of Ephraim, and so through a mixed lineage. No one can lay claim to a on among the other tribes of Israel.

perfect descent from father to son through just one Moreover we have learned that the Lord said that lineage. The Lord blessed Abraham and said: he would scatter Israel among the Gentile nations,

"And I will make of thee a great nation, and I will and by doing so he would bless the Gentile nations bless thee above measure, and make thy name great with the blood of Abraham. Today we are preaching

among all nations, and thou shalt be a blessing unto the gospel in the world and we are gathering out, thy seed after thee, that in their hands they shall bear according to the revelations given to Isaiah, Jeremiah, this ministry and Priesthood unto all nations; and other prophets, the scattered sheep of the house

"And I will bless them through thy name; for as of Israel. These scattered sheep are coming forth

many as receive this Gospel shall be... accounted mixed with Gentile blood from their Gentile forethy seed, and shall rise up and bless thee, as their fathers. Under all the circumstances it is very posfather; sible that the majority, almost without exception, of

"And I will bless them that bless thee, and curse those who come into the Church in this dispensation them that curse thee; and in thee (that is, in thy have the blood of two or more of the tribes of Israel

Priesthood) and in thy seed (that is, thy Priesthood), as well as the blood of the Gentiles.

for I give unto thee a promise that this right shall conThe Book of Mormon states that Joseph Smith the tinue in thee, and in thy seed after thee (that is to Prophet was a descendant of Joseph, son of Jacob. By

say, the literal seed, or the seed of the body) shall revelation we learn also that he is of the tribe of all the families of the earth be blessed, even with the Ephraim, but it is evident that he also had some Genblessings of the Gospel, which are the blessings of tile blood in him, for it is written in the Book of Morsalvation, even of life eternal."(Abraham 2:9-11.) mon, that it came forth, "by way of the Gentile,"

Therefore through the scattering of Israel among and it came by Joseph Smith. It is reasonable, therethe nations, the blood of Israel was mixed with the fore, to understand that we one and all have come

Gentile nations, fulfilling the promise made to Abrathrough a mixed relationship, and that the blood of ham, and most of the members of the Church, although Ephraim and also of Manasseh could be in the veins they are designated as descendants of Abraham, of manv of us, likewise the blood of others of the through Israel also have in their veins Gentile blood. twelve tribes of Israel, and that none of us had come

This is to say, no one is a direct descendant through through the ages with clear exclusive descent from

Ephraim through each generation, or through Mafather to son through any one of the tribes.

nasseh or any other one of the sons of Jacob, without In giving blessings the patriarch then is directing having acquired the blood of some other tribe in the lineage through the blood that predominates, and

Israel in that descent. When Israel came out of Egypt, there could be one son who would be designated as

Moses separated them into twelve tribes, and by of Ephraim and his brother, of the same father and virtue of this inheritance they were assigned to cermother, could correctly be said to be of the blood of tain parts of the land of Palestine. However, the memManasseh, or of Benjamin, or of any other member of

bers of these tribes were not compelled to marry within the tribes of Israel. One of the best examples of this

their particular tribe. Neither were the Israelites difference in blood is recorded in the book of Genesis.

placed under any edict that they had to remain on It is the birth of Esau and Jacob. They were twin

inheritances within the borders of the territory asbrothers, yet, according to what is revealed they were signed to their particular tribe. as far apart as though they had been born to parents

There is no question that they were at liberty to of different nationalities. Perhaps this is explained

move from place to place and to marry as they chose by Mendel's Law governing the differences in parental among the several tribes. When the ten tribes were offspring.

MARCH I960 145 one they had left in Cedar. When the people of Bluff

began moving out of the fort in 1883, or '84, and building on their lots, Sam Wood built a log room on a little hill a block west of the fort, and later another room about twelve feet south of it, still later to connect the two rooms with board walls and floor and roof, making a threeroom home, thatched with mud, f Joctr which was never replaced with shingles, nor anything that would turn the rain. by Albert R. Lyman A spirit of love and good cheer and brotherhood

prevailed with these builders of the remote mission;

Josephine Wood was glad to be alive after the they had all made great sacrifice to come to and begin strenuous journey from Cedar City to the treacherthis difficult work for the sake of friendly relations ous Colorado, the crossing of which was the most with the Indians, and they drew together for mutual perilous and hairraising part of the trip. She was purpose and mutual defense. The Woods received

also thankful to the Lord for their arrival in Bluff, and reciprocated this mission spirit as souls who had but what did it have to offer them? What promise been especially attuned to be a vital part of it.

of compensating reward for what they had sacriThe Thales Haskell family lived at this time in ficed, what they had suffered? For the present Bluff; Sister Haskell took the part of nurse and doctor.

nothing but the cramped quarters in the little log fort The Woods established themselves in their homes on with its mud roofs through which the water came the hill and fitted into the industrial, social, and dripping after every shower! Everything was crude spiritual life of the isolated little world like a part

and primitive; they were a long and roadless hundred made to order. Like all others in Bluff they had

miles from any other place where white people lived, been initiated by the rugged pathway of hardship, I and on the south of them just across the river, the and they could adjust with thankful hearts to any great hostile nation of Navajos. On the north of them, kind of privation the duties of the mission might imand all around, the still more quarrelsome and dispose. Kumen Jones said the people never would

agreeable renegade Piutes, and besides the Navajos have stopped at Bluff in the first place and would not and the Piutes to steal everything they could find unhave stayed when they did stop, if they had not been guarded, the wild and remote San Juan was overrun fittingly inured to its hardships on the way.

with outlaws and desperadoes hiding from the law Sam Wood, industrious and resourceful, set about all over the West. She had, however, this one conto provide for his loved ones in Bluff as he had done

solation, as expressed by their campfire on their way: in Cedar, but the farawayness of the wild frontier

"When the call comes from the President of the and the lack of resources, limited him as it limited

Church, we go."She was making the honest answer to the others to their crude homes and primitive conher deepest conviction of what is right, and that was veniences. He had a garden, an orchard, and land

most important of all. As we follow her on through in the field, and retained his limited number of liveher years of tribulation, we find her unfaltering with stock as well as he could from thieves on every side.

this kind of answer to the call, even when its demands His two rooms, like every other house in Bluff at that seemed surprisingly bitter. time, was built of the crooked and twisting cottonShe was never again to have as good a home as the woods that grew along the river, the kind that defy

mechanical skill and mock at artistic taste. But within

episodes from See previous thi= life of Aunt Jody, Sept. 1958 and these log walls prevailed the blessed atmosphere ofFebruary, 1959. March, and August

146 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA home, without which, a palace is a desolate place to live. With its crudeness, there wasn't a home where

more parties, candy pulls, quiltings, and children's gatherings were held than in this home.

With all the stark inconveniences and discomforts of life in the log shelters of faraway Bluff in the early eighties, it was a life of peace and comfort compared to life among the rugged rocks and thirsty sands along the dim wagontracks leading away in any direction. A trip back to Cedar at that time took

longer and cost more in money and anguish than a journey halfway around the world today. The trip

meant a month or more of toil and torment, with heavy accent on the torment. It meant the slow and laborious

dragging of cumbersome, irontired wagons over more than three hundred miles of flintlike rocks and unhardened sand, with pony teams to tug and puff, to reek with sweat and develop raw sores on their shoulders. These horses had to subsist mainly on such

grass and forage as they could find as they hunted for it with hobbles on their feet in the nighttime, and sometimes they balked, and refused to pull a pound, even though they should be whipped to death. A

trip called for the gameness of a coyote to meet all kinds of weather, day or night, to drive where no road had been made or could be made with such equipment as they had then, and to cross rivers with perilous ferry arrangements or no ferry at all.

All the same, for two potent reasons, the Woods were determined to make a trip back to Cedar, even though they knew by stern experience just what it would mean. One of those reasons was that a new

member was to join the family, and Aunt Jody wanted to be cared for by her sister on the occasion of the new arrival; her sister, Mary Ann Corlett, who

had acted as her mother from early childhood, and who had been present with her love and her skill when the other children were born.... there wasn't a home where more parties, candy pulls,

It was towards the end of 1884, or possibly early quiltings, and children's gatherings were held than in his home.

in 1885, that they left Bluff with their four little folks in a covered wagon, with winter either upon them or threatening at any time to break loose. They traveled

in company with four other families; Frederic I. Jones,

MARCH i960 147 Nephi Bailey, Hanson Bayles, and Tom Rowley. This possible they did not think how pleasant it would be

time they came by way of Moab, not at Hall's Crossing to forget about San Juan, its impossible roads, and of the Colorado which they took on their way to Bluff. its outcome doubtful and distantly future?

It took the little company three days to cross the We know the vision of it rose before them in most

Colorado at Moab, and this is a safe basis for guessing alluring colors. We know too that they stood then

about their difficulty in crossing Green River farther and always true to their convictions; not only to

on. I recall crossing these two rivers with my parents return in honor to the call of the Church for pioneers,

that same fall, and I am sure the present generation but in returning to assume, voluntarily, a heavier has little notion of the bother, delay, and painful inobligation and a greater burden than they had carried convenience it involves. It was not only slow but before. All this had been in their plan before leaving

dangerous. The wagons had to be unloaded and taken Bluff. But for this, the new baby would have been

apart and rowed over the wide streams in little skiffs. born with such attention as the new San Juan settleThe horses had to swim. I was too young to realize ment could give.

that people in the days of Adam, no doubt, had ways The new baby was born on the 23rd of February, of crossing rivers with more ease and dispatch than 1885, and given the name of George William, yet they were crossed in southeastern Utah in the early somehow he went by the name of Budd during his eighties.

There is no good reason to believe that Aunt Jody let all the valuable experience of that journey back to Cedar pass without being written. The care of her

four children simply added to the richness of the ordeal, and the more reason to pre- - --v&v serve it for future use, but her record is not available.

She enjoyed living; she had

a relish for the intensities which give existence its twentytwo years before he died as a missionary in color and its tang. She clung to these peculiar values Texas in the vigorous and athletic bloom of his young

as the essential ingredients of the charm and magmanhood.

netism by which she ministered so effectively to the We recall that the Wood people on their return people in need. trip to Cedar chose to go by way of Moab, hoping to

When they reached Cedar, with the chilly winds find a better way than that by which they went to of winter magnifying the importance of comfortable Bluff in 1882. With the crossing of that terrible wilderhomes, they were homeless in the dear environment ness ahead of them again in the fall of 1885, they

which had ever been home hitherto. The brick house decided on still another road, which promised to be

which they had built with its six cozy rooms was filled shorter, and they hoped it would be better. That it

by others, and the Woods had no alternative but to could be worse seemed quite impossible.

lodge with relatives. The sight of their old home, This third trip, routed through the big wilds by way

attractive and comfortable, could not fail to remind of what was then known as Dandy Crossing on the them of their poor cabins in Bluff, the ordeal of Colorado River, turned out to be worse than either getting there again, and the promise of little more than one of the other two. Yet with every point in the

an extended ordeal after their return thither. Is it journey, and with every day bringing more trying

148 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a

situations, they could still indulge the hope that the company crawled along the winding track over hills, morrow would be better. over ruts and mud and rocks. They "... camped on cold

Getting themselves crowded into the covered wet ground with nothing but the canopy of heaven wagons again—bedding, provisions, grain, equipment to cover us."Baking, cooking, drying out wet cloththey were taking into their new country, and the ing by the campfire in the evening was a common

endless number of things people have somehow to feature of the day's program. They walked long and

carry with them—the eight members of the family, often to lighten the load for the weary teams, and

including the new baby—it was slow and unpleasant she speaks of climbing hills in falling snow with her

labor. baby in her arms.

Few families ventured to travel this long and "I thought we were having a worse time than the perilous road alone; it was considered safer and people in the handcart company,"she writes. "But

saner to go in companies. It was to be a little comSister Nielson (Aunt Elsie), one of the old handpany now with Willard Butt and his young wife carters, says this is nothing to compare with that, so

Julie Nielson; her mother, Aunt Elsie Nielson; her we think, after all, that we should be thankful."

halfbrother, Jense P. Nielson; and the three little Some days they progressed six miles only, and at

motherless children of her father's third wife who had about the last place where it would be possible to recently died in Cedar; a company of fifteen: three buy grain, they waited a whole day, baking, washing,

men, four women, and eight children. shoeing horses, and rounding up their shoulders

On the seventeenth of November, according to generally for the more difficult part of the journey still

Josephine's journal, "After we had passed through the ahead. Back and forth across the track they were

trying and heartaching time of saying goodbye, we to follow, roared the treacherous Dirty Devil River, started off in a snowstorm, and it never stopped snowand other places awaiting with less devilish names, ing till we got to Johnson."She writes that they were to be nonetheless unpleasant or unsafe to entraveled on "very sad and not much to say,"and were counter. Beyond that, most perilous of all, ran the

glad to be invited in out of the storm at Redcreek. At awesome Colorado in its deepcut gorge.

their camp the next night, "stormy night, the wind And still the resolute woman wrote, not with penblew most terribly. In the morning we could not cil but with ink, wrote while she had to wait by the

find dry clothing for the children.... Our wagon road for the slowmoving outfits, wrote instead of

covers leaked badly.... After partly unloading we repining. Her timefaded record after these seventyfound enough dry clothing to get along."On the odd years is a sweet echo of what she suffered in

20th and 21st, "Terribly stormy and cold,"as they mind and body with her love and goodwill prevailing.

toiled through a mountainous region with mud and Often in making the final entry for the day she writes:

snow and heavy hills. On the evening of the 21st they "Well good night, and God bless everybody."

were glad to find a ranch house, and nineteen people Surely the Lord was watching over and fitting this slept there on the floor. choice woman for the difficult and unusual part she

In the stress of these cold days with the great was to take. It was the school of tribulation—

necessity being to cover as much of the road as possible wondrous school, the school through which great souls while their long fourhorse and trailwagon outfits mount up to wear white robes as seen in the vision of were in moving gear, they made no stop for the noonJohn. (Rev. 7:1314.) What other school is equal to it

day meal but "took a cold bite for dinner."On the in softening the heart and refining the feelings of

evening of the 23rd they found another ranch house men? As stated before: It was only because of the

in which to retreat from the weather and Aunt Jody school of tribulation at Holein-theRock that any wrote, "... we thank the Lord, for it is most terribly of that company of pioneers were toned down in

cold."their feelings to stop at Bluff when they finally arStorms and cold weather continued as the little rived, and then to stay (Continued on page 203)

MARCH I960 149 THE DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION by Alma A. Gardiner, Director of Curriculum, Dept. of Education

The seven year period, just concluding, has seen ficials and with ward and stake authorities is in much tremendous growth in more than one aspect of the greater evidence. Last but by no means least in

program of the seminaries, institutes of religion, and these accomplishments is the number of converts that

Deseret clubs of the Church educational system. Most have been made and the number of nonmembers

elating to the Church Board of Education is the who have been and are availing themselves of the rapidly increasing numbers of youth who are availing various high school and college level programs of themselves of the religious and moral training offered religious education sponsored by the Church. 1

through these three great programs. Likewise, the

scholarship and academic achievements of all emXA detailed report of these items was given by President ployees have steadily increased. Further, better and ErnestSchool System,L. Wilkinson,at the regularadministratormeeting ofof thethe ChurchUnified BoardChurchof

more meaningful relationships on the part of departEducation on December 3, 1959. This article stems from the

ment of education personnel with secular school offigures and charts presented in this meeting.

150 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The four areas which evidence this vigor and vitality NO. I: GROWTH OF NUMBER OF SEMINARIES

the most are now to be considered. AND INSTITUTES BHIOSaS 195960

(AS OF DECEMBER 1, 1959) 1. GROWTH WITHIN THE PROGRAM OF '- 700 70

RELIGIOUS EDUCATION Three phases of the growth and development of 600 60 the Church program of religious education indicate the 500 rapid progress made since the inauguration of the 400

Unified Church School System. These are the greatly

increased number of seminaries, institutes of religion, and Deseret clubs; the constantly expanding enrolment of the youth of the Church in these programs;

and the yearly increments to the size of the graduating classes.

Chart I, chart II, and chart V tell the growth story RELEASEDTIME NON.TIMERELEASED FULL TIME PART TIME

since the unification of Church schools. ReleasedSEMINARIES INSTITUTES DESERET CLUBS

time seminaries—those operating on a fullday schedule in Churchowned buildings adjacent to high

schools—have increased from 123 to 141 since 195253. NO. 2: GROWTH OF SEMINARIES

Seminary instruction is now available to every Mormon AND INSTITUTES SINCE 195253 youth enrolled in the high schools of the state of (AS OF DECEMBER 1, 1959)

Utah. In adjacent states this opportunity is increasing

year by year. Nonreleased-time seminaries, usually ENROLLMENT 195253 195859

SEMINARIES 32,076 52,167 single classes held in ward chapels previous to the INSTITUTES 4,202 7,822 commencement to the secular schools attended by

NO. OF GRADUATES

LDS youth, have shown the tremendous growth of SEMINARIES 6,405 9,772 643 percentfrom 98 in 1953 to 698 at the present INSTITUTES 421 836 time. These classes are now dotting the entire nation; NO. OF NONLDS STUDENTS

some are operating in Canada and Mexico. Just this SEMINARIES 510 870

year, new classes have been provided for the youth INSTITUTES 252 318 of the Church in the Cincinnati, the Florida, the NO. OF BAPTISMS

Kansas City, the Orlando, the South Carolina, and 5EMINARIES 73 437 the Virginia stakes. INSTITUTES 31 119

Fulltime institutes of religion have been expanded from 17 to 25, and the parttime group of institutes now number 42 instead of only 6. This means that

LDS students at 67 colleges presently have an opportunity to enrol for institute classes where in 195253 EARLYNO.MORNING3: ENROLLMENTllllllllllllll RELEASEDTIMEIN SEMINARIES

only 23 colleges and universities were served by this religious education program of the Church. Deseret 10,000 20,000 30,000 40,000 30,000 60,000

clubs, which provide a social program and a semimonthly opportunity for religious instruction where BEFORE UNIFICATION smaller numbers of LDS students are enrolled at a 1952 particular university or college, number 32, where only 2 were functioning in 1953. Further, many clubs

that were organized during the 7-year period are 19541955 now functioning as either fullor-parttime institutes of religion.

The expansion of facilities for seminary and institute instruction has not, alone, accounted for the increased enrolments amounting to 80 percent and 98 percent, respectively, since 195253. There has been a steady

increase in students attending previously established 52,167 I seminaries and institutes of religion through an everAll 7th and 8th grade classes not connected with Senior Seminary growing interest and (Continued on page 186) were dropped, resulting in a decline of 1208 students.

MARCH 1960 151 Genealogy

Faith That Was Justified A by Norma Habeck Sommer

One evening in April 1956, I boarded the train in he must be dead after all of these years. I decided

my hometown of Oconomowoc, Wisconsin. My to telephone him anyway. My faith was justified. It

destination was Toledo, Ohio, which lay about nine was he! Needless to say he was thoroughly surprised,

hours ahead. I was in search of genealogy and had for he had had no word from Grandfather since the

faith that the Lord would help me to find it. Truly early 1900's. The next few seconds brought another

his guidance was needed, for I knew no one in this surprise. Percy mentioned, "Addie,"my grandfather's

city and had no idea of where I would stay. But sister; for fortv vears Grandfather searched for her.

deep in my heart there was no fear that this trip was If only he had lived two months longer—but he died

in vain. So with records in my suitcase and that the 28th of February never knowing that his only

big feeling that one has inside when embarking on a sister was still living and in the neighboring state of great adventure, I bade goodbye to a somewhat perIllinois. He had lost contact with her at the time he

plexed but trusting family. left Ohio as a young man and moved to the vicinity

As the train passed into the night, my thoughts of Mason City, Iowa.

kept turning back; back into a period of time in Throughout the morning and afternoon I looked

which I myself had never lived. Instead of the 1950's, through the records of Lucas County finding addiit was now the 1870's; instead of Wisconsin, it was tional information. That evening I took the bus out

Ohio. This was where my grandfather, John Melvin to Maumee, a suburb of Toledo, to the place in which

Beal, was born and lived as a boy. All I knew of his Percy and his wife lived. Hour after hour we

younger years and his parentage was what he had talked of family history. Old photographs were given

told me on several occasions. But somehow in the to me and old memories relived. Not only did the

next few days, in courthouses, cemeteries, or in any names that I already had in my book become real other place, I would find the records of my people. personalities but also little by little history seemed

Four o'clock the following morning we arrived in to unlock the secrets that she had held, and my family

Toledo. Because of the early hour, I rested awhile began to enlarge. Where I had come knowing only

and made plans for the day. Nearby was a telephone the first name of my greatgrandfather, I could now

book. I had the strong inclination to look through add the name of his mother, Sophia Bayer Beal and

the "B's,"if by chance, there might be a family by the that of his father, Frank. Percy told me, too, of

name of Beal. Yes, there was and by the given name Grandfather's cousins and some of the history of the

of Percy, the same as my grandfather's cousin! But surrounding area.

152 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA /fyjfc.,-:>-:;..'".V::;:;:

.///

VX X

s %

I -'I SE=

-T-7g,,—> fc*",t8, -ai "HfiiiJi*'""PK** g-g fefte;..;

John Lewis Swarm, together with 1,500 other Northern soldiers, perished on the illfated "Sultana.

WKM

In order to know and understand these people of slender build. In contrast, Sophia was a very tiny

better, I will write down some of what Percy related person, so small, in fact, that she had to sit on the to me and also include information that has been edge of the chair to reach the floor. She was always

secured through subsequent correspondence. very spry, even in old age. A onehundred and one

The Beal family originated in England; the birthyear old man, whom we visited, remembers her

place is unknown. As far as Percy remembers, my walking past his house on her way from Toledo, a

greatgreat-grandfather, together with two brothers, distance of twentyfive miles. She died in May 1900

came to America and settled in the state of New York. at the home of her son, Frank.

There the two brothers are supposed to have become One afternoon, Percy took me to the small comwealthy after minerals were discovered on their farm. munity of Providence where Sophia and her husband

One brother later moved to Los Angeles, California, lived. There are now only a few homes left but in the

and built a mansion. Little is known of Frank Beal 1840's, it boasted five hotels. In the years of 1850

other than his being an expert shoe cobbler. It was and 1852, however, the population was nearly annisaid that he could measure your hand and make boots hilated by a cholera epidemic. Huge trenches were

to fit your feet. His birthdate, taken from the Beal dug by the survivors in which they laid the victims.

family Bible, was June 11, 1812. Greatgrandfather, John Alexander Beal, married

Sophia Bayer Beal, Frank's wife, was born in LonMary Syvilla Swarm, 1 April, 1875. She was born

don, August 26, 1812. All that is known of her parin Tontogany, a once thriving oil community. During

entage is that her father was a casket maker and had their marriage they operated a farm near the two his own coaches and horses. About her mother, there hamlets of Waterville and Whitehouse. The land was

is a tradition that she was descended from royalty, but sandy, making farming difficult. This area is comlost her rights when she ran away with the coachman. monly called the "openings,"probably because of the

This has yet to be proved. She came to America, with absence of trees in various places; through these soher parents at the age of thirteen. She told of playing called "openings"the settlers passed with their teams.

on London Bridge as a child. The place of her marGreat-grandfather died a few months before Grandriage was Waterville, Oneida County, New York. Ten father was born, having been sick for a period of

children were born but only three survived infancytime. Greatgrandmother, then only nineteen years of

Frances, Frank, and John Alexander (my greatage, was left a widow with twoand-onehalf-yearold grandfather). Like the Beals, they were tall and Addie and an unborn (Continued on page 185)

MARCH I960 153 After a week's travel on the serene Albert Nile, running a gauntlet of unpredictable hippo and enPart V joying the deceptively lovely parklike countryside, we arrived at Nimule and the Sudan, one of the most heterogeneous countries of the world; a hodgepodge

of races, cultures, languages, and religions. Its area down is nearly 1,000,000 square miles, onethird as large as

the United States, yet with a population of only 9,000,000, about that of Ohio. As we so often found

to be the case, Nimule, though prominently labeled on our maps, was not even a real village, but consisted merely of an outsized deserted customs shed and a few scattered native huts beyond.

From Nimule to Juba, a stretch of 125 miles, the

- Nile surges swiftly along over a solid granite bottom, a shallow, rapidsridden torrent through one of the most prolific big game regions in Africa. Rather than

risk our thinskinned kayaks in the interminable boiling rapids, we decided to cover this expanse on foot, trekking along the banks.

A few miles north of Nimule we visited King Zelindo, ruler of the Madi tribe, a tall, handsome African Nile dressed in a neat khaki uniform, with the bearing by John M. Goddard and dignity of a European monarch. At our request

he provided three strapping youths to assist us in transporting our supplies on the long hike. Jean

LaPorte, stricken suddenly with a high fever and too weak to travel on foot, reluctantly continued to the river outpost of J"ba with our disassembled kayaks and the bulk of our equipment in the lorry of a government official, James Dodson, who was returning to his home after a trip to Kampala.

Andre and I spent a memorable week tramping along the wooded banks of the Bahr el Jebel (Arabic for "mountain river") as the Nile is called in the southern

Sudan. Armed solely with our little.22 rifle and

with our three nearnaked porters following at our heels, loads of equipment neatly balanced on their heads, we threaded our way over wellworn game trails along the river, sometimes having to plough our own path through tenfoot high elephant grass.

Our safari led us through a beautiful, unspoiled land abounding in animal and bird life and thinly populated with small villages of Madi and Bari people;

real "shenzi"natives, as whites refer to them, primitive,

The gray area on the isolated Africans virtually living a handto-mouth exthe section showsmap the Nile written of in istence in a "survivalof-thefittest"society. Evenof

this instalment. though these simple people possess little more than

a Stone Age culture, with no system of writing, no currency or commerce, not even a calendar, they certainly are not stupid but employ, we found, surprising ingenuity and intelligence in winning a livelihood from their hostile environment. Being a student of medicine myself, I was amazed at their remarkable knowl154 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

edge of medical drugs and herbs, which they have day looking like jungle refugees, feverish with malaria, built up through centuries of trial and error. Every our eyes bloodshot and ringed in dark circles, lips

village is familiar with and uses herbs possessing cracked, beards scraggly and tangled, and our bare diuretic, analgesic, and antipyretic properties. legs like raw hamburger from the lacerations of thorns

Our visit to a village always precipitated a few and saw grass. For eight miserable days the siege

minutes of pandemonium until the startled people of malaria held us captive, flat on our backs, at the overcame their alarm. White men traveling on foot home of our British host, Mr. Dodson. Finally the

in Africa are a rare sight, and natives never failed to attacks passed leaving us weak and listless, but free manifest great excitement at our appearance. We to get underway again.

burst in upon one dozing Bari community during their After a month of "landlubbering"we reconstructed siesta hour. In response to our vivacious salutations Andre's kayak with new parts air mailed to us from

those napping on mats in the shade of their mushroomParis, then the three of us struck off downriver. With

shaped huts awoke with a flinch, took one look at a fair current and several hippo charges expediting the grizzled and sunburnt Bwanas standing before our progress, the 120 miles ( Continued on page 178 them and hastily retreated into their huts. Children

playing nearby fled in tearful terror or immediately sought the protection of their mothers. Even the

goats, dogs, chickens, and lizards added to the general commotion, scampering around and filling the We reaped immense dividends in satisfaction and friendair with their babble. Once the novelty of our visit ship by treating the people of the Nile basin with respect.

had worn off, however, their natural sense of friendship and hospitality asserted itself, and we were accepted wholeheartedly. We reaped immense dividends

in satisfaction and friendship by treating the people of the Nile basin with respect and equality. Our

associations with them proved to be the high light and the greatest compensation of our whole expedition.

We saw large herds of impala, water buck, and antelope as we hiked along each day. Our porters

were somewhat perplexed at my refusal to shoot some of the luscious game we were constantly flushing, and

I couldn't seem to make them understand that my gun was too light for such hunting. But one morning

I made them joyously happy and provided us all with a real feast when I shot a big wart hog. After

that the boys had such confidence in the rifle and my shooting prowess that they were calm and unconcerned even when a herd of elephants browsed close to our camp one night, knocking over trees and making a terrible racket.

The last night of our march we set up camp at the broad, sandy mouth of the Kaia River, one of the

Nile's few tributaries in the Sudan. As I walked

across the soft, white sand, I read a faunal inventory of the richly diversified wild life inhabiting the region.

There were fresh tracks of all the big game animals of Africa—elephant, rhino, buffalo, and lion. Also I

recognized prints of different species of antelope, probably Grant's gazelle, reedbuck, and impala, as well as those made by crocodiles, hyena, mongoose, hyrax, and baboon. The queerest tracks of all were

the huge dinosaurlike tracks of the hippo.

We stumbled into the town of Juba on the eighth

MARCH i960 First of Two Parts The Bravest Man by Deone R. Sutherland

Maud closed her eyes, but the tears did not come. At first the trip had been pleasant. The green

She was beyond tears. The last few months of nightmeadows and trees and creeks, the birds singing

mare had caused her to shed more tears than she wildly about them, the little towns with the children had ever thought herself capable, and now she had gawking had made it seem like an adventure. But

stopped crying into her blanket in the covered wagon then they had left the occasional little town and isoat night after Ralph and Amy were asleep. She lay lated farm behind. The heat had become oppressive.

there alone with her terror, waiting for the cry of The dust became a part of all that was tasted, and the Indians that would spell the end of all of them. the wagon! The wagon jerked and bumped and

She had been a good wife to Ralph for almost fifteen ground and pulled and stopped. Her every muscle,

years. As a merchant he had built up a respectable every bone ached and became sore with the endless

business in St. Louis. Then had come this insane journey. Their lives centered completely about supscheme to get rich. Merchants talked of the wealth plies of food and kegs of water. It was degrading to

there was in bringing goods into the city of the Morhoard and measure and count out constantly; it was

mons and trading there. And there was the wealth degrading to cast suspicious eyes upon the other

of California beyond that. company members to check on how much and what

Maud buried her face in her hands. If she could was being eaten. Amy had become almost wraithpretend she wasn't here. If only nothing had changed. like and yet she had quit complaining. She was

With her eyes closed she could see again her mother's young, a growing girl. Her health would break under

twostory frame house on Winslow Street, and there this. Maud's heart ached, and in spite of herself

was Ralph's and her house just around the corner. she groaned aloud.

The oak tree on the lawn was big enough for their "What is it, Maud?"Ralph's hand was against her

Amy to sit in, and they'd eaten supper out under its back.

arms on many a hot summer evening. Then they'd "Nothing,"she murmured. Ralph needed every

sit on the old quilt and see who could spy the first moment of his sleep. She must try to sleep. Was

firefly. The little pulsating lights began flickering there such a thing as being too tired to sleep? Perhaps

in the shrubbery usually first, but later in the dark she had reached that point.

night the whole lawn would be atwinkle. If they had only been able to stay in Salt Lake City

She could remember the smell of damp, of blossoms, as they had planned. It was not home, but it had

of corn bread cooking. She felt her rough hand seemed like heaven in the wilderness. She certainly

beneath her cheek. At home she had soaked her hadn't thought that she would be so happy to see

hands in buttermilk if she felt like it. Now, she'd such a place. How she had rested that first night in

have given almost anything for just one cool sip. spite of the strangeness because she had thought they

She had encouraged Ralph. She had supported were through with traveling for a little. She could

him in his ideas and schemes. She had pleaded and look upon these women with kindliness and sympathy.

begged for him to allow her and Amy to go along. But there had been no opportunity to extend such

She hadn't cared if they might be the only women sympathy. If she had not been so tired, she would

with the small group of merchants. Where Ralph went, have realized something was amiss. Ralph had kept

she was going in spite of what her folks advised. it from her so that she might rest easily at least briefly.

MARCH I960 157 She heard the news only too soon. sured Maud that he would come. Did they not have

The following day was spent in a letter from the man's Church president? He would

preparing to leave Salt Lake City obey.

with other merchants who had been The messenger returned with the reply that they doing business in the city as well as were to come on. The man was making preparations

the small group with which they had at his home in Santa Clara and would meet the comjust arrived. Rumors of trouble pany on the California road.

between the Mormons and the "We won't go on,"Maud whispered to Ralph.

United States Army hung like a "Wait for him here."

dark cloud over the valley. Maud "We must do what he says and what the company

and Amy helped pack the wagon decides to do,"Ralph replied.

Z I with what new supplies were availThe next morning the company with loud shouts fs-X JekL able. As swiftly as a dream vanand cries started their animals and wagons on their

ishes upon awakening, did Ralph's journey again. How Maud hated this country. The

dream of profits vanish. "I won't brush and yellowed grasses grew thick along the

lose everything,"he promised Maud worriedly. "There creek, but so much of the hillsides and rolling lands

are those in California who will want such things as were covered only by ugly scrubby trees or brush.

we carry, if we can get through."The sky was endless, and the sunsets burned the sky

"Indians?"Though Maud phrased the word as a in great sweeps of color. How could they be beautiful

question, she had heard the stories of trouble. when they seemed so forbidding and full of strange-

"The Mormon's President, Brigham Young himself, ness and terror? They began seeing Indians again in

is giving us a letter directing a man of great influence the distance, and still there was no sign of the Inwith the Indians to see us safely through the worst dian Scout who was to guide them safely through.

part on our way to California. We can return to But the Indians had begun following them in the

the Eastern States by the Isthmus of Panama if we distance, and the company felt they could not turn desire. We will be all right."Ralph drew Maud's back. Against the sky Maud heard the cries of

head against his shoulder, and she closed her eyes meadow larks and lark sparrows chanting and trilling that he might not see their despair and terror. as if all the world were as gay as they. Suddenly

Amy sat in the back of the wagon watching the each object of the earth and sky began to seem dear distant outline of the town disappear. It was too and sweet to Maud, the curve of a hill, the prickles

heartbreaking to Maud to look back. This new disapof a wayside weed, the sun hot against the dustcaked

pointment was almost too much to bear. But the canvas of the front of the wagon. Amy laid her cheek

other merchants were right. against her mother's back, and Maud slipped her arm

"It's pitiful that this should be happening to the through Ralph's.

Mormons even out here,"Ralph sighed. At night Maud dreamed that she was a little girl

That was like Ralph, Maud thought, to be thinking playing on the front porch of her mother's house. Her

of others when their own plight was so in question. mother rocked in her old brown rocker, back and

The Mormon women had been making preparations forth, back and forth. "You must come in,"her mother

to leave their homes again. In spite of the darkness told her; "it's going to rain."Just then her mother

she felt about their own destiny, she did feel pity for dropped her knitting, and it seemed to Maud that those women in the wilderness. But the few that she she had been knitting all along, but Maud hadn't

had observed in her short stay had not seemed terrornoticed. "I'll get the yarn,"Maud called to her

stricken, rather they had seemed full of purpose. I mother. The ball of yarn rolled down off the porch

suppose when people have been driven beyond all and about the yard. Faster and faster Maud ran,

human endurance, they must get their strength from trying to pick up the unraveling, endless ball of yarn.

somewhere outside themselves. But she had been The clouds were black and low, and there was a

praying almost steadily this whole trip. terrible clap of thunder. Maud opened her eyes and

Maud pulled her bonnet forward. The sun was clung to Ralph. The dawn was just beginning to outburning hot even though autumn was upon them. line the wagons. The men were coming off watch

She tied a large handkerchief about her mouth. They and preparations began for another day's travel.

had seen Indians riding along the horizon, and once Maud saw the Indians riding toward them with they had circled the camp. The merchants sent word the graceful ease and flow that only riding Indians

to the man who had such influence with the Indians and their ponies have. They were no longer followto come and see them through the rest of the way. ing them now on distant ridges. They rode about the

They dared not try to get through alone. Ralph aswagons peering insolently into the faces of the white

158 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA travelers. Because the Indians blocked their way, the away, but a few still remained around the company.

wagons lurched to a halt. "Why don't we fire on "What shall we do with our animals?"Ralph asked

them?"Maud whispered to Ralph. "Let's die fighting Hamblin. None of the men dared risk them out of

them—"sight with the Indians ready to drive them away or

"Hush,"Ralph said, "it would be a matter of minmurder anyone guarding them in the night. Yet they

utes before they could get our few guns. We wouldn't had to have food and water.

die fighting—""I know where there is good grass for the animals.

Maud knew how they would die. I am sending two Indians to take care of your ani-

"We have presents!"the men shouted at the Inmals. For pay the two Indians are to have their

dians. "You let us pass. We give you many pressuppers, and when they bring the animals in the

ents—"morning, you may give them a shirt each."Hamblin

The Indians milled about. Maud could underspoke clearly.

stand why they did not accept the presents. Why Maud wrung her hands. Surely the men would not

accept presents when by merely killing the company, agree to such a thing. It was madness to expect those

they could have the spoils of all? animals to be returned ever on this earth. They

Maud closed her eyes in prayer. A flow of movewould be left to die in this forsaken country. A

ment among the milling Indians and the excited murmur of incredulity rose among the men. "By

merchants caused her to open her eyes. The Indians thunder, we'll never agree to any fool plan like that,"

and the whites watched the distant approach of the one of the men shouted angrily.

two white men. One white man had his feet bound "Such a thing is out of the question,"Ralph said

in cloths, for he was without shoes. Maud learned bitterly. They had placed so much hope in the skill

later that he had been saved from torture by Indians of this man with the Indians. Perhaps he intended

by the man the company long had been waiting for, dividing the spoils with the Indians.

the man called Jacob Hamblin. 1 "We can trust him, but he is mistaken about the

Could this man save them? Maud saw the bearded feasibility of his plans. He is wellmeaning, but he

man speak briefly with the merchants. Again she is dead wrong if he thinks we'll hand ourselves over

heard the question, "Can you save the ship?"Her to the Indians without a struggle."

own hands twisted her dress as she waited, guarding Jacob Hamblin stood aside from the group and

Amy who had come to the front of the wagon when waited quietly. Maud noted the heavy brows, the

she had heard help was coming. Ralph had joined wide forehead, the rather long face with high cheek

the other men. bones. There was an arresting strength and steadiness

"We have plenty of presents for the Indians,"the about the looks of this man. Perhaps it was the steadimerchants explained. Maud watched Jacob Hamblin ness of the eyes. The assurance, the purpose, the

listening quietly to the excited, frightened comments peace of the man that attracted Maud.

of the merchants. Then he left his people to talk The murmuring of the men died down and again

with the Indians. Maud saw him again listening and they turned to Hamblin. His voice came quietly, "If

then talking calmly with the savages, the same intent, I am to direct matters, (Continued on page 176) pleasant look upon his face as when he talked with the merchants. The way this Jacob

Hamblin listened to their talk those savages might have been FOUR TREES white men, Maud thought indignantly. by Eva Willes Wangsgaard

As the afternoon had almost disappeared in the impasse in Three I planted and one just grew.

which the merchants had found A pale winged seed when a strong wind blew themselves, there was nothing Rode the wind's shoulder and fell off here.

to do but camp for the night. On a greening leaf Spring dropped a tear

Some of the Indians had ridden And Summer spilled moments of sunshine gold

That found the roots deep in the mould.

Three Mormon Classics, comp. Three I purchased, but one came free,

Nibley, Preston. Stevens and Wal- A distant maple's gift to me.

lis, City, Incorporated, Salt Lake 1944. Jacob Hamblin, A. I loved them all, and they flourished well, James

Little, p. 237. But my heart took root where the winged seed fell.

MARCH 1960 159 Leadership Development

IMPERTURBABILITY

by Sterling W. Sill

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

William James, the great Harvard psychologist, reactions from which range all of the way up and once said that "The essence of genius is to know what down the scale from annoying irritability to burning to overlook."That is also the essence of leadership. rage and vindictiveness.

It is the essence of a successful life. No active leader The opinion has sometimes been expressed that it

lives a vigorous, constructive life without the possimay be a good thing to "let off steam"once in a bility of a little jostling and a little of being jostled. while or to "blow one's top"occasionally, but one

As even the most careful man works his way through doesn't usually "blow his top"many times before the world, there is always the possibility of giving he starts blowing his blood vessels and his nervous or of taking offense. system and the success of the organization for which

One of our most serious leadership problems is our he is responsible. The ancient law still applies that

common tendency to pick up and retain more of the "whom the gods destroy they first make mad."

irritations, hurts, and grievances of life than we should. Certainly one of the most damaging personality

This trait immediately puts its possessor at a severe defects is to become a touchy, peevish, finicky, easily disadvantage as "there is no great art without serenoffended person. Then the ordinary "give and take"

ity."The Apostle Paul described the ideal leadership of life becomes an insurmountable hurdle. People

personality as one "not easily provoked."must live happily together, even though there are

How many qualities can you think of that would differences of opinion, dislikes, or even opposition.

give you more of a head start toward success than We must learn to deal with these situations without to be able always to maintain a wellbalanced perbeing thrown too far off our course. We need a

sonal control even in the midst of the greatest difficertain quality of robustness of spirit to enable us culties? There is a nice big word which expresses to deal fairly and imperturbably with irritations. It

this ability better than any other I know of. It is is pretty difficult to be thin skinned and great souled

imperturbability. at the same time. With a little imperturbability,

The dictionary says that to be imperturbable is to irritations can often be prevented from arising in the be "incapable of being agitated."It means to remain first place.

calm and controlled, especially in an emergency or But just think how many unpleasant situations under the pressure of serious disturbances or disapdo arise because some people are unable to handle pointments. A great doctor once said, "No quality

takes an equal rank with imperturbability."

Some people are subject to hurtful, untimely, and uncontrollable eruptions of temperament; they have

unwarranted explosions of feelings. It is so easy

to lose one's hold on success if little annoyances and irritations are allowed to get under one's skin and cause him to become agitated, upset, argumentative, curt, or vindictive. There are some people who in

a very real sense wear their feelings on their sleeves.

They are continually being hurt and soon develop a jumpy, erratic, moody personality, the particular

160 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a normal and necessary amount of opposition or certain public official had been unjustly critical, and criticism. Some other people need to be continually the members of the group not only let it get under

thanked and praised at every turn if they are to their skins, but they took it into their blood vessels remain active. It is so easy for a touchy person to and nervous system as well. In any serious scuffle,

develop an oppressive feeling of inferiority or even it is a pretty good idea to fight the antagonist at a persecution complex. Some people subconsciously arm's length, but these people apparently let him

get a sort of sadistic satisfaction out of disagreeable get inside of their defenses where he was able to human relations imagining themselves to be martyrs break down their morale and rob them of their to some cause. professional confidence. Their speaker talked of

A very small grievance can throw a giant shadow "wounded pride"and "offended dignity."He felt

across our imagination. It is so easy to get a warped that "bad motives"had been imputed to them. He

viewpoint by imagining things that aren't so. Little impressed his hearers with his opinion that they had

slights may be enlarged until we are incapable of been "humiliated,""belittled,"and he said that some seeing situations in their true light. had been "mortally offended."As a consequence

Recently a member of a great profession talked there was a general epidemic of "low morale"within before a gathering of some of its members. He exthe group itself merely because they did not know

pressed the attitude that their profession was not how to handle their irritations.

properly appreciated or supported by the public. A Sometimes even an entire nation may let some

unhealthy feeling of fear and inferiority sweep over it with a devastating effect. Any group or individual expecting success must keep strong of heart.

If we have a great calling, at least we ourselves must believe in it. We must not let antagonists get their

sand inside of our delicately adjusted engine.

Someone once claimed that he had been "insulted"by the remark of a thoughtless person. A friend

said to him, "Whoever heard of an eagle being insulted by a sparrow: But what would you think

of an eagle that continually allowed his morale to be broken down by the chirping of a few uninformed or critical sparrows? Think how the

early Christians handled their opposition. They

didn't lie down or get discouraged or quit at the first whisper of disagreeMAHCH I960 161 merit. They did not let even the most severe persecubecause they just "can't take it."Every little untion get under their skins. Rather, their problems pleasantness puts them out for the count.

united them and made them strong. Like the wounded Nature helps the turtle handle his problems by

oyster that mends his shell with a pearl, the early giving him a protecting shell. That is a good idea.

Christians had learned to capitalize on their irritations. If a hardworking elephant tried to make his way

We should not try to achieve our goals by closing through life with only the delicate skin of a baby, our ears to criticism, neither should we let it throw he would probably develop a good many sore spots us for too great a loss. If the criticism is right, we before he was through. In building a modern battleshould profit by the correction; if it is wrong, why let ship the company gives it a protecting armor of steel

it destroy the most important possession we have—to shield its vital spots from damage; otherwise, it

our morale, and in addition cause us unpleasantness would be of little usefulness. But everyone who

and failure? works with people should also cover his vital spots. A

A boy doing what he thinks to be right may be little imperturbability will make it unnecessary to called a "sissy."Think how important it is that this spend valuable time licking our wounds or suffering

bov knows how to handle the situation. But our need intense torture when we have a few poisoned arrows

for imperturbability is not limited to youth, and it is of criticism sticking out of our backs.

not only needed for the conflict between right with There are a great many dangers in being too touchy.

wrong. We need it for the ordinary dayto-day situaWhen some people have been hurt a few times, they

tions that cause us to be unnecessarily upset. Sometend to withdraw from activity. They quit going to

times we actually lose control and go to pieces. Church, etc. Others give up their convictions and

We jam our gears in such a way as to make our proper become weakkneed and spineless. Others go to the

functioning impossible. It is said that you can usually other extreme and become hard, calloused and vindicjudge the caliber of a man by the size of the thing tive. Any of these alternatives quickly incapacitates

that gets his goat. a leader and makes him unfit for service.

We live in a society of rugged individualism. SomeGeneral Robert E. Lee was once asked his opinion

times things may even get a little bit on the rough of the ability of a fellow officer by President Jefferson and tumbleside, and we should not be so tender or Davis. General Lee gave him a wholehearted recomtouchy that our ability to do good is placed in jeopardy. mendation. Another officer took General Lee aside

Jack Dempsey once said that every prize fighter and said, "Don't you know that that man has sard needed two abilities: First, the ability to give a big some very bitter things about you?"General Lee said,

punch and second, the ability to take a big punch. The "Yes, I know that, but I thought the President asked

first ability would be of little value to a prize fighter for my opinion of him, not his opinion of me."

if he was not well supplied with the second. Life is Abraham Lincoln was a good example of imperturblike that. There are a lot of people who fail simply ability. He said, "If I (Continued on page 191)

NORTHERN BRIDE

by Alma Robison Higbee

She always talked about the wild plum tree

That leaned against the friendly pasture bars

Back home, but she never seemed to see

Cedar and balsam lifting to the stars.

She brought her young and eager songs to fill

Each day with music, for her heart was glad,

But when green springtime cameoed the hill

Her songs were muted and her heart was sad.

Strong as his northern, timbered hills, he tried

To understand and so he sent away

To get a plum tree; the day it came she cried

And her heart's fulness left no word to say.

Both girl and tree had known soft southern skies,

But wild plum drift can ease a heart's turmoil,

And this bright thing soon came to symbolize

Alien love transplanted in sterner soil.

162 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Bookrack

EXCEPT THEY BE AGREED, Mark E. Petersen Poignant also is the story of his wives as recorded by him:

Bookcraft, Salt Lake City. 1959. 45 pages. $1.00. "Ella and Ida were always industrious and more than willing

Now available in book form, this conference address by Elder to do all they could to lighten my financial load. At Hunt,

Mark E. Petersen of the Council of the Twelve meets a definite Ida cooked for our family and for passengers, during the

need among young people. Concerning marriage within one's course of years taking in hundreds of dollars from the latter.

own faith, Elder Petersen has included letters in the book Ella boarded schoolteachers and students for many years in that indicate the urgency of this subject. He has also cited St. Johns. My womenfolk saved us many dollars by looking

letters from leading religious leaders indicating their concurafter the express and passenger business incident to our mail rence on the wisdom of marriage between parties of the same contracts."

faith. Judges, educators, editors—all have added their conWith justifiable pride, Elder Udall records: "All of our

sidered opinions to the fact that success in marriage has a eleven children were married in the Salt Lake Temple."

greater chance when people marry those of the same religion. This biography provides the backbone for the story of the

For Latterday Saints it is unthinkable, as Elder Petersen Arizona frontier—and for which future writers will be grateful

states, that young people should not follow the admonition when they come to write the great Mormon novel.—M. C. J.

of their leaders in marrying Latterday Saints.—M. C. /.

RELIGIOUS TRUTHS DEFINED, Joseph Fielding Smith, Jr.

RELIGION AND THE PURSUIT OF TRUTH, Lowell L. Bookcraft, Salt Lake City. 411 pages. $3.95.

Bennion The subtitle gives the thesis of this book: "A comparison of

Deseret Book Company, Salt Lake City. 1959. 180 pages. $2.75. religious faiths with the restored gospel."In thirtysix chapters

In the foreword to his book Dr. Bennion states, "in western the author has analyzed Latterday Saint tenets as compared

civilization, as every student of history knows, we have inherited and contrasted with various other religious concepts. A tretwo traditions: the faith and morality of the Hebrews and mendous amount of work has gone into this volume, which

early Christians, and the life of reason initiated by Greek provides thoughtful reading and provokes a further analysis philosophers.... This brief volume is an outgrowth of a for better understanding of Church doctrines.

desire and an effort to help students accept both traditions as The author has shown careful consideration in his choice being valid and of infinite worth."Then clearly and forthrightly of beliefs basic to an understanding of our gospel. Many such

the author settles to his work of showing that truth is the pertinent topics as Free Agency, the Fall of Adam, Evidences objective of both education and religion. The author discusses of the Apostasy, The Restoration of the Gospel, Faith, RepentWays of Knowing Truth, Fields of Knowledge, The Province ance, Baptism, Baptism for the Dead, Gift of the Holy Ghost,

of Science, The Province of Philosophy, The Province of Art, and others are discussed fully.

The Province of Everyday Life, the Province of Religion, and This is a good book for investigators as well as members of

Faith. the Church to read and digest.—M. C. J.

Religion and the Pursuit of Truth is a most provocative and stimulating book—and a must for those who seek truth.—M. C. J. A CHILD'S STORY OF THE PROPHET BRIGHAM YOUNG,

Deta Petersen Neeley and Nathan Glen Neeley

ARIZONA PIONEER MORMONDAVID KING UDALL, Deseret News Press, Salt Lake City. 1959. 171 pages. $2.00.

Pearl Uclall Nelson Joy will abound in the hearts of parents of young children

Arizona Silhouettes, Tucson, Arizona. 1959. 304 pages. $10.00. when they learn that there is this book by the gifted writers,

With a foreword by Delbert L. Stapley of the Council of Deta Petersen Neeley and Nathan Glen Neeley about Brigham

the Twelve, the tale moves rapidly to relate the life of David Young, the second President of the Church and intrepid pioKing Udall, a man of vigor in body and spirit. Although the neer.

prefatory material may seem a bit long to the casual reader, In their usual lucid style, the authors have carefully chosen there is some justification that it is essential to the writing of words readily understood by young people of the fourth grade a definitive biography as evidenced in the careful acceptreading level and above; but they have done more than that,

ance and designation of authority for the writing. they have organized sentences that, chosen from these words,

David Udall's life began in St. Louis, Missouri, on September are dramatic and captivating.

7, 1851; he traveled with his family to Salt Lake City and The Church is fortunate to have such careful workmen as

from there to Nephi, where the pattern of his life was set in the Neeleys who, in a dedicated manner, bear their testimony wholesome fun, work, and in devotion to the Church. The to the truthfulness of the gospel and share their great discovery

book is full of poignant experiences from his missionary and of truth with countless young people of the Church—and

his home life, and his temporal and his Church activities. their parents.—M. C. J. (Concluded on page 189)

march 1960 163 is What an Ideal $fc Father?

SsLittle hoys have their own special

by W. Cleon Skousen Ideal fathers come in a great variety of sizes,

shapes, models, and makes. Therefore, from a disChief of Police tance, it may be difficult to spot one. Naturally, he

Salt Lake City cannot be identified by nationality, education, profession, church, lodge, political party, or social set.

Neither can he be labeled a successful father even though he may appear to be a very successful man.

A man may be a great scientist, a financial genius, a popular movie star, a world famous musician, even an authority on child psychology, and still be a failure as a father.

In the final analysis, an ideal father is the one who develops the attributes of being a great "next generation builder."It means he is not egocentric and

selfish but has cultivated a willingness to invest money, energy, training, and time in those who are next in line to inherit the earth.

What It's Like to Be a Father Becoming a domesticated, welladjusted father is no accident. In fact, it takes many years to raise a

good father. And his wife and children do most

of the raising.

It all begins when a young husband makes that first fearful pilgrimage down the long, antiseptically pure hallway of the hospital to the window marked "Nursery."Inside he can see several rows of pink

and blue bassinets full of babies. Even through the

glass the nurse can tell he's a new father (new fathers are easy to pick out), so she gives him special attention because the hospital has never lost a father yet.

164 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA he can ride a horse, play par golf, shoot a gun, bandage cuts, tie Scout knots.

She hunches her shoulders as though to say, taking his homestudy course on the basis of "learning "Which one?"and he hunches right back, "How by doing."However, he finds that the role of being a

should I know!"She points to a card on the nearest father actually suits his secret fancy rather well. It

bassinet and he can lipread her question, "What's isn't as tough as he thought it would be. He learns

your name?"He blurts it out through the glass and that the biggest job of solving family problems is

startles himself with the noise of his own voice echoing simply "getting at it."Once he has settled down to

down the silent hallway. The nurse turns away to "working things out"he usually finds each riddle

search around and finally wheels over a very special easier to solve than he had suspected. Consequently,

bassinet bearing the family name. She uncovers the when someone asks him how he became a successful

little wonder package and sure enough, it's a baby—father, he replies rather quizzically, "Oh, I really

a real live baby. The nurse gently lifts up each of don't know—exactly; just working at it, I guess."

the tiny hands and then each of the feet.

As the young man looks through the glass he can't Hoiv a Father Looks to a Little Boy help scrutinizing each fragile feature—the eyes, nose, Little boys have their own special slant on fathers.

lips, chin, fingers, and toes. Truly, it is a miracle. To most little boys a father seems like a combination

Suddenly, out of the cosmic void there comes a of a big bear, a dray horse, and superman. The big

booming message. It strikes him in the forehead like bear is only evident on special occasions when Junior

a tenpound sledge hammer. It says, "Boy, you are finds he has fouled up royally with the head of the

a father!"house. But once he has come under the shadow of

Of course, he knew it all along; at least, he knew the big bear's paw he makes a strong mental note:

it in an abstract, intellectual sort of way. But looking "Dad is a great guy, but don't rile him."He knows

through the window makes a difference. He quietly that sometimes sweet talk will melt Mom, but not so

says to himself, "Gosh, this is for real."much with Dad. "Once Dad's mad, wow!"

Thus the mantle of fatherhood settles on the young This mental note is good for a growing boy. It

in heart. In the days, months, and years that follow, makes him feel his dad cares enough about him to want

this business of being a father becomes more real with him to mind. As long as a dad is reasonable, a boy

every passing hour. As seasons come and go, the likes it that way.

family grows. Instead of one baby there are two, mayThe dray horse facet of a little boy's father is evibe three, four, or even more. With each one a new dent every morning when Dad gets up from the table

chapter of "How to Become a Better Father"begins. and says, "Time to go to work!"A little boy feels

Each child is different, and the father finds himself that the drudgery of Dad always going to work is a

MARCH 1960 165 nuisance. He and his dad could have so much fun—of the time he notices that Dad gets what he needs

if he would just stay home. with patience, hard work, and cheerful persistence.

This desire to have Dad as a playmate comes from And when Mom warns the family that Dad is pretty the feeling that this big fellow who presides over the worried about something, he notices how well Dad family is just about the most tremendous, colossal can usually hide it and frequently joke and play as thing that ever happened. He's a superman. He can though everything were all right. In fact he likes to

ride a horse, shoot a gun, play a par game of golf, tie see his father cut loose with some guffaws of laughter

Scout knots, fix a tire, bandage cuts, clip hair, and, once in awhile. He also likes to feel the physical imwhen necessary, pull teeth. In addition to that, he pact of wrestling with him or being tossed around.

has money in fabulous quantities; at least, he has Dad calls it "getting roughed up."Junior feels better

more than little boys have. after one of these tussles. There is a strong masculine

It is no wonder that a boy with that kind of a dad sense of adventure with the matching of muscles, might assume that his father could also whip any daring to be thrown high in the air, or being whirled other father in the block; maybe in the whole world. about at a dizzy pace.

Unfortunately, this heroic dream soon fades. As Sometimes there are bumps or minor accidents, and

time takes its toll, Junior gradually learns the truth. Junior learns that among us men there's a lot of give

He finds his father is a wonderful, lovable person, but and take and "men don't bawl."He also learns to

his game of golf is lousy. He also gets buck fever provide his share of roughness with cub bear tactics

every time he sees a deer and might just as well sell that really don't hurt. He learns that Dad is a boy at

his rifle. He can ride a horse but jiggles in the middle heart with a wonderful sense of humor, and when

if the horse goes faster than a walk. There is some circumstances permit it, he can really be fun. These

proof that he did get a few merit badges in scouting, are among the memories of a boy with his dad.

but now he ties granny knots in everything but his shoelaces. He can fix a tire but takes out service The Image of Authority

insurance so he won't have to. As for being a fighter, Another thing a boy should learn from his father

he is the most nonprovocative, peaceloving man in is the image of judicious authority. From this he

town. And he isn't so rich, either. As witness the deduces that he lives in an orderly world and that the

recent request to raid his own little boy's piggy bank. center of his boyhood world is presided over by his

If the little boy only knew it, his father is happy and father. This does not mean he is a dictator, monarch,

relieved to be debunked. It gave him the jitters to be or blind authoritarian mogul. He learns that authority

put on a wobbly pedestal where his hero worshiping merely means that final decisions are usually left up son had perched him. Now the two of them can start to Dad. He notices that Mom is often asked for her

out fresh, building a real father and son relationship ideas and suggestions and she gives them freely; but

on a man to man basis. after all the discussion is over she defers to Dad's

decision and supports it once the decision has been

Getting a Good "Father Image"made.

It takes several years for a boy to really know his In many homes there is a confused image of authordad. In his early years he has many happy associaity because a father does not carry his normal division

tions, but his closest ties are with bis mom. Somehow of labor which is to preside and take the initiative in

his dad rather puzzles him, seems always on the go, family leadership. It therefore becomes necessary for

sort of preoccupied, has a worried, weary look when the mother to assert her leadership, and it can be very he comes home sometimes. He remembers the quiet confusing to a boy who is trying to get a picture of

warning of his mother, "Don't bother your father tothe father's role in the family. When such a boy

night; he's tired."marries, he may distort his own family pattern by

After several years a boy gradually gets the idea playing the role of Casper Milktoast and lean pathetithat life is not such a jolly bowl of cherries for Dad. cally on his wife the way his father used to depend

He becomes aware that the house, the car, the food, upon his mother.

the clothes, taxes for schools, money for vacationsomebody has to go out and earn enough to pay for The Image of Discipline all of those things. He becomes conscious of debts Juvenile judges have not only been saying, "Let's put

and bills and wishes he could strike uranium in the father back as head of the family,"but they have also back yard to help out. All of this is good for a boy. recommended a much more sound and consistent

He learns something else about his dad—the patience pattern of discipline for children. Some parents have

and plugging that it takes to raise and run a family. been led to believe that any form of discipline is

He sees the "big bear"image once in awhile, but most primitive and archaic, that it inhibits a child's out166 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA going personality. As a result their children frequently it. Leadership therefore means taking the time to

fail to develop normal personalities but become social study things out and gaining the foresight to anticimonstrosities. pate trouble. It means having the answers in a crisis.

Discipline simply means a reasonable set of standards And this is important to a boy who constitutes a or rules, administered with discernment and judgment, crash bag full of crises. Of course, a good leader has

and consistently enforced where necessary. The form to be teachable himself. He pushes his curiosity on

of the discipline depends upon the child and the cirany problem to its bedrock foundation so that he cumstances. Obviously, discipline should never be can gain some opinion concerning it. A good leader

harsh or brutal, and a parent with a temper should therefore develops opinions on many subjects but wait until he has cooled off before handling his boy's tries to avoid being opinionated about any of them. If

problem. there is a chance to learn, he becomes a good listener.

Still, he takes a firm position on facts and is not easily

The Image of Masculine Adventure persuaded otherwise unless somebody comes up with

Women can often be quietly courageous beyond the more facts or sounder conclusions. It makes a boy

point achieved by most men. Nevertheless, a boy proud of his father when he is big enough to say he

usually learns physical courage and the spirit of adwas wrong or change his view on something.

venture from his father. A boy also likes to see the quality of initiative in his

There is a certain spirit of reckless abandonment father's leadership. When a group is fussing over a

which a boy loves to see in his father and which he problem, a boy often gains the impression they are tries to emulate. Actually, as a boy eventually learns, all equally confused and just milling around waiting

his dad only appears to be reckless, and his courage for some guidance. He takes great pride in the fact

is calculated, not blind. Still it's that great spirit of that quite often it is his father who seems to come up

masculine adventure which sets a little boy's eyes with a helpful answer and is not afraid to express it.

to shining and his heart to thumping. Even in big

cities, Dads should work it out so their boys get some The Image of Exemplary Manhood fatherand-son adventures—at the beach, in the moun- A boy tends to see in his father the man which

tains, along some trout stream, or just camping somehe, himself, will someday be. Whatever his father is,

where. In later life it is this same kind of spirit which whether good or bad, the boy often seeks to emulate

makes a man a great jet pilot, a good civil engineer, him. A cussing father therefore usually raises a

or a fine corporation president. Experts have obcussing son. A drinking father is likely to have a

served how many leaders in business, industry, and drinking son. A lying father is practically certain to

government come from farms or small towns. Many raise a lying son. The boy who sees his father steal

of them feel that the boy tends to develop a stronger will justify himself in similar conduct almost immespirit of adventure and achievement in a rural setting. diately.

The same thing can and does happen in the city, but Naturally, such behavior may arouse the anger of a a boy's father has to cultivate it. And that takes time. boy's father. He, therefore, orders his son to "do as I

The kind of time a father spends with a boy is say, not as I do."With (Continued on page 191)

important. What he needs is "quality time"rather than quantity. To

answer a boy's questions when he asks them, to give him undivided attention when he's trying to exMARCH WIND plain something, to help him with his problems at the moment they by Nell Evans Atwell arise, these are what a boy rates Blustering Boreas!

as "quality time"with his dad. Released and unreluctant wind,

Glaciered, and untamed ruffian

Image of a Leader And rager of the spring!

Corners your plundering, know It doesn't take a boy very long to brittle whistling beneath the eaves. Your

identify the qualities of a leader, especially in his dad. Leadership Oh, scheduled vagrant

means "pointing the way."It makes That prowls with a howling breath

a boy feel confident and secure if that bends the treetops low and sweeps the fields of promisehe has a father who knows the way Boreas, forego your rowdy presence and isn't afraid to help others find at spring's new birth!

MARCH I960 167 KAILUA WARD CHAPEL on the Island of Oahu. Hawaii. Note how

naturally and beautifully the diagonal redwood siding blends with the native field stone. Redwood heartwood's exceptional natural resistance to termite

attack is another reason redwood is so often used in humid climates lere damage by decay tie a serious prob/e/

M

jSifiHpW"ffl

Architect: Harold W. Burton

,W Architect: Peter Kump, AIA

WHEN REDWOOD IS USED FOR SCHOOL BUILDINGS, it adds warmth and natural appeal to the architect's design. And

because of redwood's inherent durability and natural weather resistance, it is a sound investment in longrange economy.

Have you wondered why so many of the buildings you most admire are built of California Redwood?

Perhaps you've noticed that the bestdesigned contemporary buildings, the ones that are most likely to catch your eye as you're driving through a town, have certain characteristics in common. Their lines are clean, simple, uncluttered; they are unpretentious

yet dignified; there is a close relationship between indoor and outdoor area. And because California Redwood has a warm, natural

beauty, blends so attractively with other building materials and the setting, and can be used so effectively so many ways, a great

many of these buildings are made of redwood. Certified Kiln Dried redwood also has the very practical advantage of being one of

the most durable of all commercial woods, one that requires a minimum of maintenance. Write Department 15 for "REDWOOD

HOMES—Ideas from Architects'Own Homes."

Ail the wonderful warmth of wood... lastingly yours in redwood

CALIFORNIA REDWOOD ASSOCIATION

576 SACRAMENTO STREET SAN FRANCISCO

CERTIFIED KILN DRIED REDWOOD

Architect: Ward Thomas, AIA Architect: John G. Grace, AIA

JUiffllflE....,r QIImiuIIm;*.;ltmlm'T":

REDWOOD'S LUSTROUS, NATURAL BEAUTY REDWOOD'S NATURAL AFFINITY for trees and planting make it most gives small commercial buildings, such as this suitable for siding, decks and walls as it helps to relate the house to doctor's office, a friendly, casual atmosphere that its setting. Certified Kiln Dried redwood is available in a wide variety

is far more attractive than the usual "instituof color tones and interesting grain patterns.

tional"look of most office buildings.

young people

m * ''''::.>:.:;::...;;:;:::;.:::::::::...;:: y:;:-\:y.:::/:.::;:.--.-?

. r. 170 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

have been chosen to serve and consult on the new tenpage section for teens which begins in the July Improvement Era. President Marion D.

Hanks, center, member of the First Council of the Seventy and great friend and champion of teens is your Youth Section Editor. Elaine Cannon,

popular columnist, is Associate Editor of the Youth Section. Dr. Vaughn

Hall, member of the YMMIA general board and a member of the White

House conference on education will serve as Consulting Editor.

This trio is working closely with groups of young people to find out what they like to read and what type of layouts they think are most appealing.

Every effort is being made to make these pages fresh, exciting, readable, and helpful.

Tell your friends about this new feature so all the young people of the Church will look forward to their own section beginning in July.

MARCH I960 171 Professor Einstein was once asked this question:

"Is there any hope for the world—what with atomic

bombs, jet planes, and the whole world able to ONE ANOTHER destroy itself?"His answer was, "Yes, produce

better people!"

In producing better people, every presentday soby Russell N. Stansfield

Assistant Professor of Business Education ciety expects that every healthy person should do and Office Management, some sort of useful work. Some of us have chosen

Brigham Young University to teach and have made this work our life's profession.

However, if we are to produce better people, many thousands of men and women must be called as volunteer teachers to staff the huge army needed in the many auxiliaries of the Church.

From the Doctrine and Covenants comes this admonition: "And I give you a commandment that you

shall teach one another...."

172 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 'Teach ye diligently and my grace shall attend there are ways to meet disturbance without causing you...."(D & C 88:7778.) havoc in the classroom.

Isn't it true that basically, much of the trouble in Jack was extremely full of life. It was hard for

the world grows out of the fact that so many people him to settle down to listen or to work in the Primary do not care a rap for the other fellow? That being class. After several experiences with his outbursts

the case, how serious are we in our intentions to follow and loud expressions, the teacher approached Jack's the advice and promise of the Lord that if we do teach parents. The following Wednesday, the mother, who

diligently and faithfully his grace will attend us? incidentally worked in the Primary, slipped into class

Do we really consider the benefits it brings to us? unnoticed by Jack. She saw at firsthand what the

Besides letting us lead, a teaching position gives teacher had been going through. Jack was led from

us opportunity for selfadvancement, for it is often the class by his mother and taken into another room.

said that he who teaches gains more from his work She later confided that the hardest and most deserved than anyone else! Not only does he gain unlimited licking Jack ever received was administered right

knowledge, but the position gives him the opportunity there in the meetinghouse. She further stated that that

to develop new friendships, to interest himself in was the last bit of trouble the teacher had with Jack.

people and their worthwhile causes and to do what Can we as teachers resolve to be a little more kind?

he can, in his limited sphere, to help other people. How many of us lose control of our tempers? It is

It is an ageold principle that we get only as much said that there may be an excuse to get angry—clear

out of life as we give freely to it. If we can live and through—but there is never an excuse to lose one's

work and think each day in the terms of the service we temper. William Fleming French wrote this on the

are rendering and the good we are doing, we can subject: "Some of us feel it is a virtue to lose our

surely keep our hearts and spirits strong. tempers—to flare up and give battle.... But there is

To some of those called by the Church to teach, no virtue in fury—no sense and profit in it. An unknowledge represents power; but, what is knowledge restrained temper can never be an asset. It is always

of the mind without heart, high intelligence without a liability—a weakness."His advice was, "So learn to

good conduct, and extreme cleverness without goodsit tight, smile when you want to rave. And you will

ness of character? The good teacher gives an imbe surprised at the selfconfidence you will gain, and

pression to his students of his complete honesty and the victories you will win."

sincerity, for he is the kind of man who is the hope of Think of the thousands of students who have sat societv, as Professor Einstein intimates, because he back and had to "take it and like it"because they were becomes the motive power by which society thinks! a little less courageous than the ones who dared to

As teachers serving in the Church! speak out against unjustness administered at the hands

1. We have an obligation to be intellectually honest of misunderstanding, emotionally maladjusted persons

with our students at all times while at the same time thrust upon them as teachers or supervisors.

remaining calm, friendly, and in absolute control of 2. We have an obligation to our students, when we

our emotions. assign them responsibilities, to follow through to help

Jane Andrews was young for a teacher. She readily them perform well.

admitted she was having a little trouble getting the John was turning thirteen. He had been a Scout

class to settle down; but she felt that the boy who for nearly a year and had enjoyed his work in the

seemed to be giving most trouble was hungry for Church as a deacon. When he was asked to give a

approval. She was working on the problem and felt talk in Sacrament meeting, he came home and told

that improvement was being made. his mother that he had accepted the assignment.

One Sunday morning, the Sunday School superinHis father had passed away just the year before, and tendent walked into her classroom just as this youngster the mother knew very little about preparing such a was jumping from an inside window ledge. Without talk. Nevertheless, she helped him the best she could.

consulting the teacher, the superintendent grabbed the The night of the meeting came, and John, full of child, shook him hard, and literally threw him out of fear and apprehension, gave what was to him and his the room. friends, a very incoherent speech—one poorly preThe young teacher was sick at heart, and to this day pared, poorly delivered, and very poorly received.

she has little respect for this man who, with so little The child was hurt, humiliated, unhappy, and thorprovocation, treated a child of God in such a manner oughly frustrated. Had this boy's teachers, as well

in God's house. as his mother, been wiser, they might have sensed

The wise teacher and supervisor will know that these symptoms, for it is a wellknown fact that the tree

MARCH I960 173.

of frustration and despair bears a One Saturday night, while sitting awav from this Church and from bitter fruit. up with a sick child he had adopted, learning.

Because of John's sense of shame a mob of fanatics dragged him from All of the problems of the teacher and failure, he stopped attending his chair, tore his clothes from his are not with the children. Man

priesthood meeting, MIA, Sunday body; and, while some held him, differs in his mental capacity and

School, and Sacrament meetings in one tore at him with sharp fingeremotional sensitivity just as he difspite of the pleading of his mother. nails. After that, he was severely fers in physical size and complexion.

John eventually moved to anbeaten and covered with tar and In adult classes, each person brings other state, married a girl of another feathers. a wealth of knowledge in experience

faith and joined her church. The remainder of the night was and study. He thinks in his conWhile all of this was happening, spent in scraping the tar and feathcepts of good, of evil, of right, and

the mother kept accusing herself—ers from his body and administering of wrong.

wondering wherein she had failed. to the scratched and burning skin. Bishop Clark knew that there

Night after night she cried herself The next morning was Sunday, and were many members of his ward to sleep. The only event she could Joseph was scheduled to speak. who smoked. Did he deliver a

think of that had turned John from Among the congregation, were some sermon on smoking? No, not at all.

the Church was that simple speechof the members of the mob who had Every time he met a member who poorly prepared, poorly delivered, tarred and feathered him. In great wasn't keeping the Word of Wisand even more poorly received. Had pain he preached to them and taught dom in this respect as well as he

the adviser who asked John to give them the principles of the gospel and might have, the good bishop would the talk checked on him and helped forgiveness. If angry, he never say, "Come to church next Sunday,

him, the Church might never have showed it; if bitter, no trace of Jim. Put your pipe in your pocket

lost this boy and his posterity. malice could be discerned in his when you get to the door; but, what-

3. We have an obligation to our voice or manner. ever you do, come to church."With

students to be examples of whom Pupils will be attracted to such a enough urging of the right kind, they can be proud.

Prophet The Joseph Smith was a teacher. Like Joseph Smith, can Jimwithoutusuallyso muchcame.as aEventually,sermon on andthe

great teacher who was unexcelled in we as teachers resolve to exercise a subject, Jim came to church more poise and stamina. Even under the little more poise and stamina? and more often, and soon the pipe

most trying conditions he did not 4. We, as teachers, have an obligawas left at home—unused!

forget God's commandment to teach tion to be extremely careful in what Can we as teachers, temper our one another. we say lest we turn just one soul criticisms to each individual while

AllNew.. Automatic ZOOM Action!

instead One lens of Kj&v-eJue. 8MM for all views three

c cYc ELECTRIC EYEMATIC CAMERA Now it's easy to give your home movies the professional touch you see at theatres and on TV! Here is the first fully automatic

camera that zooms under its own power! At the touch of a

button superfast Wollensak f 1.8 Raptar Zoom lens glides

smoothly back and forth automatically with continuous sharpness throughout the entire zooming range. If desired, you may

zoom manually. Extralarge coupled viewfinder zooms automatically with lens showing scenes exactly as being filmed.

Automatic electric eye exposure. So simple to use a Just touch the button child can operate it! 50

for telephoto, normal and wideangle views! $169Only $2.25 A Week! TELEPHOTO Pay Nothing Down...

COME IN or MAIL COUPON NOW!

Please send me the Revere PowerZoom Camera at only $169.50.

will pay $2.25 a week.

NAME WIFE'S NAME ADDRESS CITY AND STATE Dr. S. Highland 2190 Main—

Center; Provo: 161 West EMPLOYED BY - SaltOgden:Lake City:2443 155WashingtonS. Main - Blvd.;273

CREDIT REFERENCE Idaho Falls: 446 Park Ave.

174 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA at the same time direct him toward a higher plane? The challenge is

very real. Wouldn't we be better

off, if the lessons concerning the

Word of Wisdom were tempered a bit, knowing that we have several violators in our class? Is it better

that we cover the lesson and the subject rather than penetrate the heart of the listener?

5. We, as teachers, have an obligation to our students to serve prayerfully and to prepare fully.

Teaching is a challenge! It is also

an intensely human vocation. You

are a human being working with

God's children, who are also human, whose lives are constantly influenced for good or ill. Perhaps it can best

be described by Professor Gilbert

Highet of Columbia University when he wrote, "Teaching is not like inducing a chemical reaction; it is BOB AND SUE, like thousands of their elders, have learned the truth

much more like painting a picture about the "lying allure of liquor."

ofor music. piece You making a the haze thrown up by the glamorous HAVE YOU seen through

into it; heart you your throwmust about of the truth learned enough alcohol advertisers? HAVE YOU it all realize that cannot bemust

done by formulas."liquor to want to have no part of it?

fulfil the those who By and large, "IF YOU DON'T DRINK,"says the Preferred Risk Mutual alareobligation not of teaching Insurance Co., "WHY HELP PAY FOR THE ACCIDENTS OFways masters in that field nor have

first automobilethey had preparation in training and THOSE WHO DO?"Preferred Risk, America's

methods and procedures. When insurance company for nondrinkers only, now makes it possible for

Elder Lee was visiting a stake in you to stop paying for the drinker's accidents—and to save money

the southern part of Utah, he was at the same time.

queried as to how best to teach "The Great Apostasy"when so many If you are a nondrinker,* we invite you to investigate, and inof the Saints were lacking in knowlsure with Preferred Risk. Save money—and put your automobile

edge. Pie told the elders that when insurance where your heart is—with the thousands of others who

that did they to materialthey came full details, including an drink."don't say, For "No Thanks—we there no understandnot and was claimfree plan for Risk's reduction merit explanation of Preferred or for to to help a good turnone

book, to get down on their knees and drivers, return this coupon now.

ask God for guidance and light; IMPORTANT—Nondrinker means TOTAL abstainer. The occasional social drinker is not eligible.

and, if they did this in sincerity, God would give them the answers to their ACT NOWUSE THIS COUPONproblems.

* # # Please send me complete information about your auto insurance for total abstainers I underThe teacher who is interested in stand there is no obligation. Cil1254

his assignment, who loves those who Name Myexpires:auto insurance

come to him for guidance, who is Address Month prepared as well as he can possibly City State Day be, and who spends time that someOccupation- Year one else might benefit will be blessed Age Age of principal driver of auto Age of youngest driver.

of the Lord, for he is teaching, as Make of Car..Year..No CylindersJesus did, the laws and commandBody type & Model (Scries)ments of God.

of CarPleasure Use Business workand from -miles one way. To Q Q Yes, teaching is a great challenge—

.children DriverPrincipal Marital with Status of Married Q that greatest challengethe mankind living Single, at home D Single

saidhas! President Grant Heber J. fOri/ifc Send me free copy of Christian Herald article.

".. to. of those of his talks,in one

whom much is given, much is exACClOtMTS PREFERRED RISK MUTUAL pected. As we grow in knowledge INSURANCE COMPANY

and in the testimony of the Spirit of God, we must also grow and in150 South 4th East, Dept. 360

crease in labor and effort for the Salt Lake City, Utah Phone EM 4-1931

America's First Total Abstainer's Automobile Insurance Co. William Plymat, President

MARCH 1960 175

advancement of the work of God or we will lose the Spirit of God. It

is not a knowledge that God lives that will save us: it is keeping the

commandments of God."The admonition contained in the Doctrine

and Covenants sings out to all of those who serve in this noble profession: "And I give unto you a commandment that you shall teach one

another....

"Teach ye diligently and my grace shall attend you "(D & C 88:7778.)

The Bravest Man

(Continued from page 159) I'll do it in my own way."

There was to be no alternative then. Again the men consulted. A NEW WAY

"We will do as you direct."Maud

stifled a moan, then turned and clung TO HONOR YOUR to Amy.

"Don't, Mama, the man is right.

Can't you tell he knows far more about these things than our men? We PIONEER should do what he says, Mama."

It seemed strange how quickly the heat of the day disappeared as HERITAGE night gripped the camp. Maud

shivered in the wagon. Ralph lay

The Sons of Utah Pioneers are spearheading a awake beside Maud holding her major campaign closely tied to the area's culture. hands and comforting her. "Perhaps

things will go well for us yet,

Members of the Church can honor their Pioneer Maud."

ancestors with permanent bronze seatplaques In the morning Maud lowered herin the new Pioneer Memorial Theater... perhaps self from the wagon. Many of the

the West's finest... which will rise soon in Salt men looked as if they had not slept.

Lake City. Their faces were haggard and their

manner surly. There was no word

Cost of the plaques is small... especially if for each other this gray dawn. Jacob

your Family Organization is invited to participate. Hamblin moved quietly about the

camp, and the men watched him.

You won't want to miss out on this opportunity. "Do you have the shirts ready?"he

asked quietly, and the company followed his eyes. The Indians were

bringing the animals back to camp.

Maud crawled inside the wagon, and beside Amy she laughed and then cried and then laughed again.

"It's as if a terrible weight has been lifted from my soul. Some of the

awful fear has been taken from my heart at last. I have lived through

this—perhaps we can bear what is

to come."For additional information, write ( To be continued )

National Society, Sons of Utah Pioneers 2998 Connor Street Salt Lake City 9, Utah 176 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.".. "Howdy, this is Perc

pQ/ttq wnev5Uj/ Not too long ago, one of the "Some's"of SANSOM call to exchange ideas. And Perc, airs both

AND THEN SOME, a lovable "downeast"charquestions and answers, adding a few ideas of his acter named Percy Newton, Perc for short, own. The net result has been a new goodneigh-

"graduated"to a show of his own... THE PERC bor policy involving the whole Mountain West!

NEWTON PARTY LINE. Twice a day, 9:05 a.m. The BIG K phone lines have never been busier.

and 12:35 p.m., people with homemaking probWhy don't YOU join Perc soon for some of his

lems call Perc for help. Others with answers to "partyline"talk. It's great!

those problems and helpful homemaking hints

VLSWmrho

1160 ON YOUR DIAL SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

MARCH I960 177

Kayaks Down the Nile tween Bor and Lake No. Two kayaking through the sudd, travelRoman centurions discovered these ing on a shallow draft, woodburning

( Continued from page 155 marshes nearly 2,000 years ago while paddlewheel steamer as far as on an exploratory mission for Nero. Tonga with a keeneyed Sudanese

between Juba and the small steamerSir Samuel Baker, during his expediriver pilot at the wheel, but only stop settlement of Bor were covered tion to the Sudan in 1869 was held after losing eleven precious days in just three days, the fastest travel up for weeks while as many as 1200 waiting at Bor while it was extricated time of the entire journey. The natives worked to clear a channel from a sand bar near Mongalla where

meandering river, clear and dull through. The Nile in this region has it had gone aground.

olive green, fluctuated continually no defined banks but expands into Our extended visit enabled us to in width, at times narrowing to no lagoons and marshes choked with study the large group of tall, slender more than 150 feet yet ballooning at gigantic masses of unstable, floating Dinka people living in and around other places to over 1,000 feet. This islands of reeds, grass, and papyri. Bor. Of the three great Nilotic tribes

being the dry and low water season The main waterway is continually in the Negrodominated southern we were forced several times to get shifting as it becomes clogged with Sudan—the Dinkas, Nuers, and the

out and drag our kayaks to deep these clumps of aquatic vegetation. Shilluk—the longheaded Dinkas, diwater when we nosed into sand bars So with no positive channel to folvided into several independent vilin the shallow water. low and no dry ground to camp on lages numbering over 600,000 are the

Jean and I had a close call at it would have been a hopeless task largest. Like the Nuers, who redusk of the second day when we semble them closely in physical

were chased by four irritated hippo characteristics, language, and cusas we attempted to dash past their toms but with only half their herd. They came plunging and population, they are one of the

afterbellowing us in a determined effort that left no doubt as to their A CHILD PRAYS tallestof all races.and most darkcomplexioned

intentions. When we separated, by Kay Cammer No pure racial strains have beenJean furiously paddling in one dipreserved among the people of the

rection I in another, has interbreeding and the great Racial Sudan. miracle see a day, each We

river pigs centuries so that concarried were momentarily on for his to pray. been head he bows When

fused, not sure which one of us to Eyes closed—face quiet and content; the tribes of the south are not true

concentrate on, giving us just enough Small hands clasped; he's so intentNegroes but must be considered

time to elude them. Another narrow Thanking God for many joys—merely Negroid, with varying degrees

the next Semitic Caucasian, Hamitic,escape came day and when a We thank him too, for little boys. of crocodile veins. theirtenfoot nearly flowing clobbered through blood

me as I was paddling along close The Dinkas, called "the blackest to the west bank. Like a bolt from men of Africa,"are a proud, pastoral,

the blue the monster burst out of cattle raising people, made semithe thicket where he had been nomadic by the necessity of tending sunning himself, and came plummetattempting it on our own. The their herds through the changing

ing down from the high bank almost Major told us that occasionally even seasons of flood and drought. As

on top of me in what seemed like steamers go astray, blundering into with the other Nilotes their economy a fiendishly contrived ambush. Actufalse channels with no exits. In 1936 and wealth are based on the number

ally he was probably as startled as one captain took his paddlewheeler of head of cattle and goats they

I and had no thought but to seek for 20 miles down one of these possess. We were surprised to find

the safety of the river bottom. For pseudopassages to a deadend. Rethat the insidious canker of world

a moment I thought he was going tracing his route he found that the inflation had penetrated even into to land right on top of me but he sudd had closed in, forming a solid, their primitive commerce. The

smashed into the water with exploinsurmountable green barrier. Bebride-price, for example, of a reasive force a scant two feet away in fore a rescue party could cut their sonably sound wife having soared

the narrow space between boat and way through, the captain and 22 to forty head of cattle—nearly double

bank, drenching me completely and passengers and crew members the preWorld War II cost. In other

almost upsetting the kayak as he starved to death. respects though the Dinkas live unsqueezed underneath. An ambitious scheme to exploit influenced by white men, stubbornThe only white man living at Bor the papyri for paper and fuel was ly resisting any attempts to convert

was the District Commissioner, inaugurated in 1912 by a group of them to modern ways.

Major Cummings, whom, we found British promoters, who envisioned At Lake No, where it now becomes seriously ill from amoebic dysentery. a great fortune in the prolific sedge. known to Khartoum as the Bahr el

He read us a telegram from the govUnfortunately the papyri of the Abiad or White Nile, the enfeebled ernor of his province refusing us White Nile was of a different species river was revived by the Bahr el permission to travel by kayak from the plant of ancient Egypt, Ghazal, its largest left bank tributary.

through the perilous sudd country which was introduced from Abyssinia Our little steamer the Rejaf, flying because of the danger of becoming and Syria. Its fiber proved too the flags of Britain and Egypt at

lost in the intricate maze of chancoarse and porous, and finally after stern and prow, took three days to nels filtering through the vast watery four years of effort with mediocre transport us through the immense wilderness of swamp which covers results, the project was abandoned. marshlands to Tonga; twisting along

an area of 25,000 square miles beWe did the next best thing to narrow corridors of impenetrable

178 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Wellknown construction superintendent Frank Lemperle with volunteer workers at site of new church buildine.

Postum is the natural wholegrain drink that warms the heart

Have a cup of friendship... have a cup of Postum. So many

leading citizens do. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals,

slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor. It's hearty,

healthful, hospitable.

Postum is 100% coffeefree, contains no caffein or other artificial stimulants. Ready in an instant, it's always welcome.

Make sure you always have Postum on hand.

100% coffeefree Another fine product of General Foods

MARCH 1960 179 iM|l|'il|LWBM—iay

papyri eighteen feet high, and cept for a layer of gray wood ash continually bumping into the lush and a few strands of blue beads banks at every turn of the river. around their waists. As if at a given

Our steamer captain told us of the signal they stopped at the water's

British Jonglei Canal Project, a plan edge and in perfect unison lifted.

to cut an artificial 200mile channel one leg and rested it in the crook through the sudd along the Bahr el of the other and stood, complete! y

Zeraf, the right branch of the Nile, relaxed in this birdlike position, like to prevent the river from being difsome strange species of marsh fowl.

fused by the spongy swamps which Four genial Scotch Catholic now absorb over half its volume. priests greeted us at Tonga, where

We visited Nuer villages each day they maintain a mission and elewhen we docked briefly at woodmentary school for the Shilluk peostops to replenish our fuel supply ple; a handsome stock, intellectuallyNOW! try and take on cargoes of dried hides. superior to the other Nilotics, and

The Nuers, offshoots of the Dinkas, the only tribe united under the rule have been aptly named the "Stork of one king. We spent the night in

Men"of the Nile. We watched a the Fathers'thatched guest house

group of longlegged dandies, each then spent all the next day touring one over six feet tall, strut down to the nearby villages. During the late

the landing, spear and clubs poised afternoon we photographed dancing on their shoulders, stark naked ex- (Continued on page 184)

Mp9 No wholesale rate on errors

Richard L. Evans

Last week we spoke of special days and seasons, and of the danger of delaying repentance or imTHE provement, and closed with this comment (and

SPOKEN conviction ): "When we need repentance, we need

WORD it now."There is this further thought on a somewhat related subject: Sometimes, if we have made one mistake, we

may think it won't matter much if we make one more. We may

fall into the fallacy of supposing that the multiplying of mistakes is not, additionally, so serious. This is, of course, an untenable

position to take. It is certainly no less wrong—and it may be much

more—to make the second mistake than to make the first. The

second false step is not more acceptable, not less serious, than the first false step. For the first, we may plead impetuousness, or innocence, or ignorance—simply not knowing. For the second, we

can scarcely plead innocence or ignorance as convincingly as we could for the first. Stealing twice is surely not less serious than

stealing once. A second act of immorality is certainly not less

serious than the first. There is really no wholesale rate on sin or

error or the making of mistakes—and the more deliberate, the more

experienced, the more intentional, the more frequent the offense, the more serious it would surely seem. And it is a gross fallacy to

feel that after one mistake, another doesn't matter very much.

The Good Housekeeping Again, there is the reminder that life is everlasting, and no matter it is always road. The Seal g uarantees howurgentlyfar inanda earnestlywrong directionimportantwetomightget backhaveto moved,the right

will get right us out of direction only ways. wrong wrong The r ijSr '""'.'. Rancho's

just a did. because direction be never down man may And goodness! is no reason why he should go down deeper. Wherever onedeepis,

or has arrived, let him resolve to make his next move toward the right way, and not succumb to the false philosophy that following a first mistake with a second, or several, doesn't matter very much.

It simply isn't so.

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the 7 Columbia Broadcasting System, January 10, 1960. Copyright 1960.

DELICIOUS VARIETIES!

180 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It's an old Western custom to get the very most you can. That's why

Western Savings in Salt Lake City pays i J"!! J - substantially more for insured savings

for your savings at current rate

Western Savings New BONUS PLANS reward you with important extra earnings on Prepaid Investment and Systematic Savings accounts. These earnings

are in addition to your full dividend... currently 4%. Your savings are insured

to Si 0,000 by the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation, the agency created by the United States Government to protect your savings.

PREPAID SYSTEMATIC INVESTMENT SAVINGS

Deposits of $10,000 or more will Regular monthly deposits of $10 earn you Vi of 1 % to a full 1 % or more will earn you V2 of 1 % to bonus each year when your ac- a full 1 % bonus each year when count is maintained for 36 to 84 your account is maintained for 60 months. Compare these BONUS to 120 months.

PLAN earnings:

Plan 1 Plan 2 Plan T Plan 2 Initial Maturity value Maturity value Initial Maturity value Maturity value

Deposit at 36 months at 84 months Deposit at 60 months at 1 20 months $ 1,000$ 1,142.82$ 1,412.97 $ 10 $ 673.33 i 1,555.03

2,000 2,285.65 2,825.95 20 1,346.65 3,110.06

5,000 5,714.13 7,064.87 50 3,366.65 7,775.15

10,000 11,428.25 14,129.74 100 6,733.30 15,550.31

Save by Mail—Western Pays the Postage Both Ways

Wherever you live, you can take advantage of Western's Extra Earnings. Mail

your deposit to Western Savings, Salt Lake City. We will pay the postage both

ways, send you your passbook and all necessary forms by return mail.

Get More for Your Money—Open Your Bonus Account Today

Send the Coupon for Complete Details AT THE ORIGINAL

SAVINGS WESTERN Salt Lake City, Utah WESTERN Fl> details Please send complete on Prepaid Investment and SAVINGS ZD savings plans. Systematic Savings bonus

Name Address....

City State.

AND LOAN COMPANY

45 EAST FIRST SOUTH SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

MARCH 1960 181.

WET or DRY?

it's local option with The Warning Signs

V| RAIN BIRD and SymptomsJi! SPRINKLERS

Rain Bird sprinklers get the farm vote every time because they Richard L. Evans

offer the finest irrigation possible with a minimum Often we become so busy in life that we ignore the of maintenance. symptoms and the warning signs in many matters.

Rain Birds'platTHE Under the pressures of a complex living pattern, so intent on the next place form offers you WORDSPOKEN we sometimes become "Weather to order"we have to be, on the next thing we have to do, and their record shows they prothat we fail to follow impressions. Parents, for example, someduce double—even triple—yields. times become so busy with other obligations and interests that

You can depend on Rain Birds they fail to see, or, if they see, fail fully to sense the first signs of—backed by 24 years of success. changes in their children—changes of attitude, of affection, of interThere's a Rain Bird model for est and activity; changes in the company they keep. These may

every irrigation requirement... be for better, or may not be for better, but at least parents should

undertree, level land, hillside.. pause and look and sense and see—should watch the warning

signs—should watch the symptoms. Patiently and prayerfully, as

high pressure, low pressure, etc. they live for it, parents are entitled to a kind of wisdom, to a kind

REMEMBER, of guidance, to a discerning sense concerning their children. And

if it hasn't the name, it isn't the by love, and by wise and patient counsel, parents can sometimes same! Specify RAIN BIRD! save their children from making mistakes, from hazards and heartSee your Rain Bird dealer or aches; can sometimes keep them from cluttering their lives, from

write for literature. marring their records, from turning down wrong roads—by watching

WESTERN early signs and symptoms, not too obviously, not too intrusively,

RAIN BIRD SALES but with an earnest, prayerful sense of the need for foresight, and 627 No. San Gabriel Avenue for the power of prevention. Often people may have impressions in

AZUSA, CALIFORNIA other ways also, of things they should or shouldn't do—a kind of

still small voice seeming to talk inside—something we might call

conscience, or something even beyond what might be called conscience. And in matters of principle, in matters of inherent right or

wrong, seldom would it seem that anyone could honestly say that he was utterly and altogether unaware of any sense of warning, of any sense that he was doing or considering something he shouldn't do. Call them what we will, it seems that we could often have

occasion to regret the ignoring of impressions that seem to want to save us from the making of mistakes. Intelligently, gratefully,

earnestly, we should watch the warning signs; we should watch the

symptoms, and pay more prayerful, purposeful attention to the power of prevention.*

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Columbia Broadcasting System, January 24, 1960. Copyright 1960.

orstf)tp in comfort "Revised.

with individual seating by SCARLET MINSTREL and morel More HEYWOOD- 1 by Martha Sherwood Johnson 'WAKEFIELD places of worship are featuring individual comfort and Our scarlet tanager is back, privacy with HeywoodWakefield And sings again outside the door seating. Tastefully designed and The same song that his kinsmen sang

manufactured to highest quality Through countless scented springs before.

standards, chairs are available with He pours his heart out in the flood a variety of hymnal racks and aisle Of lilting tunes that soar abroad, ends adapted to your specific reAnd, as within the wild sweet air quirements. Write for folder illusTheir beauty rises, poignant, clear,

trating many models. I offer thanks to One above

HEYWOODWAKEFIELD COMPANY For such a message—and such love!

Church Seating Division MENOMINEE, MICHIGAN

182 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Is your church planning to invest in a new organ?

Compare... and you will discover..

there is a noticeable difference in a Conn Organ!

The glorious tone of the Conn comes closest of all to the deep, rich tones of a mighty pipe organ... always the standard

of excellence.

For a convincing test of Conn's superiority, invite dealers of other organs to bring their instruments right into your

Church or Chapel, for a sideby-side comparison test with the incomparable Conn.

Then listen for the most important quality of all... grandeur

of tone. Listen for versatility and contrast... for strong and

stirring tones... for pure and ethereal tones. Listen... to the

noticeable difference in a Conn.

"Full organ"on the Conn is grandly eloquent, not just loud, because the Conn essentially has a complete, individual tone generator for each and every note. And every 'Voice"

is true... precise and identifiable.

There is a Conn model to meet every requirement. If you

are planning to buy an organ, your Conn dealer will be glad to provide a magnificent Conn for a sideby-side comparison test with any other make of organ. Make arrangements with

him soon. There is no charge, of course.

Conn Organ Corporation Elkhart, Indiana

Before you invest...

be sure you discover the noticeable difference in a...

CONN

MARCH 1960 183 DISTINCTIVE BINDINGS Kayaks down the Nile went Reference of the Improvement Era (Continued from page 180) warriors dressed in brown shoulder F or 12 issues in handcloths and leopard skins, and caked some covers only $3. All with red ocher and ash. The tribal

orders should be accominsignia and marks of manhood peculiar to the Shilluk—a neat row of

panied with 12 Improvelittle knobs like shirt studs, spanned ment Eras and payment in their foreheads; a scarification caused

advance, plus postage for by filling small incisions with dung at the age of about ten years. Their

return mail. coiffures were the most elaborate of

any we saw in Africa, painstakingly formed over a period of years into a

The West's Finest flamboyantof a matador'sswathefelt ofhat.hair suggestive

Printers and Binders Taking to the water again in our kayaks, we paddled to the town of

Malakal, past banks of oom suf reeds bordering a low, flat country covered Deseret with yellow grass and occasional clumps of acacia trees. Upon reaching the Sobat, a vital tributary which News drains the country between Ethiopia

and Uganda and supplies the Nile with an average of fifteen percent to of the it bears Khartoum, water 33 RICHARDS Press its to northerly returned Nile the EM 4-2581

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH course after flowing eastward for eighty miles from Lake No.

We purchased a supply of foodstuffs at Malakal, the largest town leaving since Victoria seen had... we IN YOUR HOME the seat of government and Nyanza

for province, then the White Nile IN YOUR CHAPEL... Governor with and several Longe

of his officers lining the bank, we gratefully accepted their bon voyage present of fruit and chocolate and pushed off on a windagitated river.

Forty miles downstream we halted for the night at Kodok, a small district headquarters once known as

Fashoda, where in 1898, a French

Army officer, Colonel Jean Baptiste

Marchand, made France's first and only claim on the Upper Nile after a grueling threeyear march through the Congo basin. After an occupation of iess than two months, the

news of Marchand's intrusion sent

Lord Herbert Kitchener, fresh from

PRATT * LAMBERT hisMahdi'scapturearmy,of racingKhartoumupstreamfrom withthe a wellarmed force of Scottish and

Sudanese troops. With this formidable escort backing him up, Kitchener

raised the Union Jack beside the flag

Countless homes in the area and many of our most beautifully decorated of France and informed the heart- L.D.S. Chapels are finished inside and out with the finest—Pratt & broken Frenchman that his claim

Lambert paints and varnishes. was invalid.

be continued) SALT LAKE GLASS & PAINT CO. (To

330 East 4th South Salt Lake City, Utah "Decorating Center of the Intermountain Area"

SEE YOUR LOCAL DEALER

184 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A Faith That Was Justified her husband's father, Jacob Franklin when I arrived. Unfortunately, he

Swarm, a brother to my greatgreat- had no telephone, and besides that, (Continued from page 153) grandfather. She also gave the name he lived outside of town; where, I

child. Her neighbor, Mrs. Berridge, of their parents, John and Mary did not know. What to do next?

told her to summon help by blowing Rarick Swarm, and said that this My first thought was the post office.

a cowhorn when she became "sick."family had come from Pennsylvania, When I asked for Charlie's address,

Mary later married Albert Gibbs. possibly near Pittsburgh. the postmaster asked what business

I was very fortunate on this trip John Lewis Swarm fought through I had with him. After explaining

to find out more about this Swarm the Civil War but met a tragic death my situation, he was very helpful.

family. The day before I left, an after peace was declared. He, toHe invited me into his office and

answer came in the mail from a gether with fifteen hundred other took out a huge postal map. After

woman to whom I had written a northern soldiers, perished on the a few telephone calls, he was able month before. She, too, is descended illfated Sultana. They were looking to locate the exact location of

from a Swarm family. I had begun forward to being united with their Charlie's home. It was nine and a

corresponding with her after the families and deeply thankful that half miles out of town! A taxicab

Veteran's Office in Bowling Green they had survived the infested priswas the only way, regardless of the had given me her name. I had ons of the South. But their joy was expense. The fare turned out to

written them in reference to my shortlived for on April 27, 1865, be $3.80.

greatgreat-grandfather, John Lewis somewhere near Memphis, the I was able to remain at Charlie's

Swarm, father of Mary Swarm Beal. Sultana mysteriously exploded. My only one night. In those few hours,

While at Percy's I took the bus greatgreat-grandmother, L e v i s s a though, I obtained priceless informato her home which was approxiMontross Swarm, was left a widow tion and several photographs, one mately thirty miles away. She was with two children, Almyra and Mary. of these being an old tintype of John

very gracious and helpful especially She later married Samuel Dennison Lewis Swarm just before he left for in bringing her mother to her home bv whom she had one son, Lewis. the Civil War.

to talk with me. At the time we were After leaving Maumee and Toledo, On my way home, my thoughts

not sure of our relationship, but I took the bus to Adrian, Michigan, turned back into the past, but how through further research we have to the place in which my grandmuch more enriched they were than found that our families are directly father's halfbrother, Charles Gibbs, when I began this trip. Not only

related. She gave me a picture of lived. It was late in the afternoon could I reflect but I could also now

2. ONE FOLD AND New and Revised Edition

ONE SHEPHERD 1. THE NAKED COMMUNIST

THOMAS STUART FERGUSON W. CLEON SKOUSEN

Ancient treasures of the Middle East Khrushchev's recent visit to the United States is now and Middle America are compared included in this book's discussion on Communism.

for the first time by eminent arWithin this single volume you will read the history, chaeologists. Beautifully illustrated. learn of the amazing appeal of Communism, and even

find its secret timetable of conquest.

6.00 4.95

Co.3. SUPERBOMBS, SAINTS DeseretliiiBooh

44 East Soulh Temple - Salt lake Cuv Ulah

AND SCRIPTURES J CARL H. JACOB 44DESERETEast SouthBOOK TempleCOMPANY

Salt Lake City, Utah Some of the prophecies of the Bible, Gentlemen: Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money order

Book of Mormon, and Doctrine and ( ) I have an account. Please charge. Amount enclosed $

Covenants are brought to light and the possibility of presentday fulfillfor encircled (numbered) books: 1 2 3

ment discussed.

Name.. 2.75 Address

City Zone State Residents of Utah include 2'/2% sales tax.

MARCH 1960 185

project. The future was truly promThe New Look in 2. SCHOLARSHIP AND ACAising; I had so much for which to Department of Education DEMIC ACHIEVEMENT OFstrive. TEACHING PERSONNEL

The following September, my sisIn the words of Elder William E.

ter and I visited Addie in Granite ( Continued from page 151 Berrett contained in a report to Dr.

City, Illinois, a very heartwarming enthusiasm on the part of ward Wilkinson, "The growth of the experience, indeed. How thankful and stake officials, parents, and espeseminaries and institutes during

I was for that one telephone call in cially the students themselves. the period reflects only part of the

Toledo, for through it, Addie was Where there was an enrolment of story.... The unification of the

united with three halfbrothers and 32,076 in the Church seminaries in church school system has given a a halfsister whom she hadn't seen 195253, there will be over 58,000 scholastic shot in the arm to our in nearly forty years. in 195960. In like manner the enteachers."Though numbers comAs I look back on the joy that was rolment at the institutes of religion prising the teaching personnel have

experienced in this one family, and will have increased from 4,202 to an greatly increased (see chart III) so the happiness that I found in being estimated 8,300 before the end of has the percentage of those obtainan instrument in the Lord's hands, the current year. ing and working on higher degrees

inconof the thinkingI help cannot 6 greatly augmented. Where been the of Church Unified The vitality

that there will joyceivable be staff is of the seminary teaching percent in the also evident System when School the families of the whole earth are difference in the number having been were working on higher degrees and first generation. to theunited, back institute personnel of the 17.8 percent seminaries and infrom graduated

think of the agonyAnd then in 195253, likewise engaged to were in 195859 if but stitutes as compared one of us fails to do his part in weld1952-53. Here the charts indicate today the percentage has increased

this giant link of family eaching repercent 48.7 last to and of 70 percent of graduates the number in that diligent everchain. be must We will have teachers spectively. All in the semto 9,772 year amounted

is this the for surely workour duties of degrees in pursuit higher started of in the institutes inaries 836 and of the Lord. religion—an increase of 53 percent during the summer of 1960. (See

and 99 percent respectively. chart IV.) Elder Berrett points out

LEADERSHIP by Sterling W. Sill.

A concise and systematic plan for qualities the to.develop JSL I helping [Z for outstanding essential that are O leadership.

3.50 A FAITH TO LIVE BY Latest L.D.S. books A wealth of bywisdom,Mark counselE. Petersenand

bearing the stamp of authe day, experience. for your library.. instructionthority on the timely issues of and

3.50 BY EXAMPLE by Arthur S. Anderson

Collection of significant incidents from the lives of famous people.

Written originally as "Little Deeds

From Big Lives"for The Instructor.

Special cross index. Illus.

1.50 TEEN DATING AND MARRIAGE by Mark E. Petersen

Address delivered Friday of the

SemiAnnual General Conference,

October 9, 1959. Wonderful new

book for teens and all ages.

1.00 ZCMI BOOKS—Street Floor

Mail Orders filled. Add 14c postage

for each book.

186 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA six factors as being most pertinent in lifting the level of scholarship of the employees of the department of education. They are as follows:

(1) The possibility of advancement within the school system.

(2) Uniform policies of employment benefits for teachers, seminaries, institutes, and colleges.

(3) The calling of seminary and institute teachers to special summer school sessions at B.Y.U. every other

year. (From 1940 to 1954 no such

conventions were held.)

(4) The introduction of a merit system connected with salary increases.

(5) The utilization of Brigham

Young University in giving special training to candidates for positions in the seminaries and institutes of religion. (6) Intensive supervision of 57,000 tons of steel go to sea with the USS "Independence"When the first USS Independence was treated armor plate. Steel cables, strong

commissioned in 1776, you probably enough to stop a landing jet bomber, could have put all the steel aboard her were furnished by the American Steel

OF SPRING into one sea chest. But when the fifth & Wire Division of United States Steel. Independence joined the U.S. fleet this Her four 66 V2 -foot, 50ton propeller

year, she carried the widest variety of shafts were forged at the USS Homeby Caroline Eyring Miner specialty steels ever assembled. 57,000 stead Works. And so it goes. From the

of her 60,000 tons are steel. flight deck armor to the stainless steel

Expectancy The Independence is big. She carries used in her hospital, galley and crew's

important Steels play an of quarters, mile quarter USS of her 3,500 and crew a like a malady, growsExpectancy of the of in the one performance part liners luxury park could two runways for the longing withAnd I am ill ships. finest Navy's she'd side. and end her on side Turn by

spring. reach up to the 80th floor of the Empire It took three years to build IndependHave I grown mad or do I really see State Building. Total working area for ence. It took 50 years of research and

The willows by the fencerow yellowflight operations is over six acres. development to perfect the specialty

ing? The Independence is built of steel, steels of which she is made.

Was that a robin pecking at a seed much of it supplied by United States USS is a registered trademark

Or just a fancy?—I cannot be sure—Steel. For the greatest possible strength

So long I've waited—fear and need and toughness U.S. Steel furnished two (USS) United States Steel

To have her near and home again types of specially formulated and allure Me into fancied dreams. Be still, my

heart!

She said that she'd return when spring came on, And now the snow has passed, and the sunny part Of the lawn is green, and the wind is gone.

I've been expecting her so long I cannot wait.

It's thoughtless of the spring to be so

late.

MARCH 1960 187 leadership is in part responsible for 195253 Compared to 195960 conventions, attended by seminary

PERCENTAGE HOLDING DIFFERENT DEGREES and institute personnel and stake

NO boards of education, presided over 195253 DEGREE BACHELORS MASTERS DOCTORS by a member of the Church board

SEMINARIES 2.4% 89.4% 8.2% of education and conducted by the

INSTITUTES 82.6% 17.4% administrators of the board have resulted in an excellent spirit of cooperation and understanding."

PERCENTAGE PURSUING HIGHER DEGREES 1SS960 4. INCREASE IN NONMEMBER

SEMINARIES 1% 71.3% 27.7%—ATTENDANCEBAPTISMS

INSTITUTES... 7.3% 73.2% 19.5% The divine commission of the

Church is to save souls. The seminaries and institutes of religion

100% Of The Teachers Who Have Been With The Church Department of Education share in the great responsibility of

More Than One Year Have Started On Higher Degrees, And All Present Employees this charge. They are dedicated to

Will Have Started On Higher Degrees During The Summer of 1960. imparting the saving and exalting

message of the gospel of Jesus Christ to Church members. Not only is

this true, but they have also had 5: INSTITUTE NO. TEACHERS SEMINARY AND effect the lives upon a tremendous

IN 195960 1 95253 IN AND parstudents of whose nonmember

SEMINARY TEACHERS ents have given them permission to attend seminary classes or who, in the case of university and college

FULL TIME* I "This includes those who teach in more than one Institute students, have themselves elected to enrol for courses at the institutes of religion. Through the years,

PART TIME there has been a continuous increase

INSTITUTE TEACHERS 706 in the attendance of nonmembers at these Church institutions and a like increase in the number of subsequent

FULL TIME 41 baptisms. In 195253 there were

510 nonmembers enrolled in the seminaries and 252 enrolled in the

PART TIME institutes with 73 and 31 resultant baptisms, respectively. The figures

for 195859 were 870 and 318 nonteachers by district coordinators itual plane and to effect relationships members enrolled in the classes of under the direction of two general with stake authorities and with ward the two programs, with 437 and 119 supervisors. bishops and ward education combaptisms. This is an increase for

mittees that are highly compatible the period of 499 percent and 284 3. NEW SPIRIT OF LOYALTY TO and, thus, resultantly beneficial to percent respectively. It is obvious

THE CHURCHBETTER REthe seminary and institute programs. that the department of education is

LATIONSHIP AND COOPER- Concerning this, Elder Berrett's realso one of the missionary arms of

ATION WITH WARD AND port continues: the Church.

STAKE AUTHORITIES "During the past six years har- # # & # #

The following is also quoted from monious working relations have been Great dividends accrue to the

Brother Berrett's report to Dr. Wildeveloped between the seminaries young men and young women who

kinson: and institutes of religion and the partake of the inspired Church pro-

"A new spirit of loyalty to the stake boards of education. Wheregram of religious education. Said

Church and to the education program as stake boards of education before President Henry D. Moyle in his

of the Church has developed under that period had little to do with the conference address of April 5, 1958:

the Unified Church School System seminaries of the Church except to "Measured by any conceivable that is noticeable throughout the raise funds, and nothing whatever to standard, graduates of our semisystem. It is especially evident in do with the institutes of religion, naries and institutes are better qualithe devotion of teachers to their now the stake boards meet regularly fied to meet all of life's problems

jobs and a rather universal ambition each month with both seminary than those who have absented themto make the teaching of religion a principals and institute directors selves from these opportunities.

life's work."with an agenda that covers all phases # # # # #

This has further resulted in greater of the work. An enthusiasm for the "Better take an extra year of high

efforts to advance the program of work on the part of the stake auschool than miss such an essential religious instruction to a high spirthorities has followed, and this stake basic preparation for our life's work."

188 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Gain a Full Quarter of StudyOn the Bookrack page 163 from ( Continued

SAIL, Emma Man With All the Vacation Extras SET OF THETHE

Petersen Bookcraft, Salt Lake City. 1959. 139 pages.

$2.25.

Through the vicissitudes of the Roberts family and many who befriend them—and

some who try to destroy them—the author

has woven a story that indicates the value of choosing good friends and eliminating bad companions.

Through it all the law is upheld, as it should be, as standing for right and trying to build strong young people.—M. C. /.

YEARS IN THE SHEAF, William A.

Moody Granite Publishing Company, Salt Lake

City. 1959. 219 pages. $3.50.

With a wide background—Utah, Arizona, Samoa—Elder Moody tells of his

"years in the sheaf,"his autobiography which should be a stimulus to faith and works in this latter day. Many of the

customs of the native peoples of Samoa are included in the book and make most Plan to Attend Summer School interesting reading.

life entire author's has been lived The with view, the advancement one end in of At BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY the Church throughout the world. In this

book the author has planted the seed for Distinguished Facultythe great Mormon novel—if it can be MORE SPECIAL FEATURES Outstanding visiting experts will

written as it should be written. It is from FOR YOU AT BYU augment resident faculty.

such people as this that the advancement

Authorities, Assemblies—Churchof missionary system the Mormon and the INSTITUTES in outscholars, artists, appear have developed in buildingChurch at home

lives of truth and honesty among the SpecialLeadershipLecturesWeek in Music standing BYU assemblies.

.members and investigators of the Church. Culture—Thrilling concerts by

M. C. /. WORKSHOPS finest artists, in music, drama,

Printmaking dance.

Commercial Layout Full program of outFOR A PURPOSE AdvancedFamily RelationshipsCommercial Art 9 Activities—

Teaching Marriage and Family Reings, dances, athletics. Scenic

by Ruth Randall lationship in the High School Wasatch Mountains close for

The Professional Person and brief trips. Annual Timpanogos

Black November trees, veining RuralFamiliesEducation Problems Hike in July.

sky. NovemberGray Education AudioVisual students Advancement—Many

in Elementary Arts Language stretch fields that... beneathFallow

in less than college complete School cry. whistling widgeons'The Secondary Elementary four years by attending and Summer

Reading classes School. Outstanding and of that hold Publications snow and March School HighWind rein aid teachers workshops Economic Workshop Utah raise whileTo winter, we fresher work. Clinic Music asking to heavenImploring eyes

Now, for greening days. INTENSIVE COURSES r - CLIP AND MAIL

Teaching Home Economics in To: Director of Summer School

These inbetween-times we must Secondary Schools Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah

Adult Education in Homemaking know, Please send me free of charge your Summer School

Classes in 55 departments somber tones that edge andThe catalog.

vein;

Our days are meant to be a foil Name

For all our cherished bright domain. FIRST TERM: Address

If all our days were brightly hued... June 13July 15 I am especially interested in the following courses:

How could He teach us gratitude? SECOND TERM:

July 18August T9

MARCH I960 189... from the hearts of 12,000 L.D.S. families and

members who work for White Satin Sugar...

We herald the introduction of White Satin Sugar's Again, sincere thanks to each of you from the 12,000 colorful new packages. The voices of these 12,000 L.D.S. families and members who gain their liveli-

L.D.S. people blend in unison to express their hearthood the White Satin way!... Look for White

felt appreciation to fellow L.D.S. members everySatin Sugar in the new package at your grocery store.

where in the West for their loyalty and support.

Many L.D.S. hands have helped create the pure, WhiteSatin SUGAR

sparkling goodness of snowwhite, satinsmooth Product of The Amalgamated Sugar Company

White Satin Sugar. It now comes to you in gala new Home Office; Ogden, Utah

packages with the magic "sugar bowl"design. Factories: Lewiston, Utah; Rupert, Twin Falls and Nampa,

White Satin Sugar is one of the highest quality sugIdaho; Nyssa, Oregon.

Sugar Storage Warehouses: Ogden and Logan, Utah;

ars produced anywhere in the world, and you can Burley, Idaho.

be extra proud when you use it in its new easyopen, Sugar Distribution Depots: Portland, Oregon; Seattle,

Washington; Des Moines, Iowa; Minneapolis, St. Paul, Mineasy-close package. nesota; Milwaukee, Wisconsin.

190 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA What Is an Ideal Father? "It was like making a child go commenting on a father's love, the

naked until he grows up so he can boys defined it as:

(Continued from page 167) choose his own preference in "Interest in his children and their clothes. Likely as not he will prefer children."

most boys this is like setting the to go naked!""Not too lenient, yet not too

torch to ten tons of TNT. In the harsh."

prefather's the presence boy may he istend to comply but when by What Boys Say about his"Willingnesschildren."to spend time with

himself he glories in the riotous examTheir Dads "Firm, but not too strict."

ple of being "just like Dad."Recently a group of boys were "Understanding."

It is a low order of civilization asked to evaluate their fathers. Most "Not a dictator, anxious to help a

when adults force a code of citizenof those boys were in their late teens boy do things the right way instead ship on their children which they and were first asked: "What charof just bossing him around."

will not practise themselves. It acter trait do you admire most in Commenting on ability to discicreates burning resentment in the your fathers?"The following qualipline, they said:

hearts and minds of the youth of ties were rated by the boys in this "Make a fellow stick to what is that generation. They feel imposed order: right."

upon and are easily agitated to 1—Love "Constant control over children."

strike out against adult society. In 2—Example "He should speak softly but carry

fact, one authority has written, "The 3—Patience and even temper a big stick."

hour of revolution comes at the mo- 4—Kindness "He should be the disciplinarian

ment when the youth of a particular 5—Organization ability and head of the family."

generation find the hypocrisy of 6—Courageousness The general feeling about setting

their elders totally intolerable."Next the boys were asked: "What an example is summarized by one

character trait do you admire least boy's comment: "He should be everyImage of Spirituality in your father?": thing he expects his boys to be."

A boy has a hungry spirit. He is 1—Quick temper

anxious to hear about God and the 2—Impatience Conclusion

meaning of life. He wants to feel a 3—Lack of attention or interest in Nearly all fathers have aspirations

part of the vast universe of which children to be "ideal"dads, but very few for he seems to be the very center. He 4—Tenseness long would admit achieving it.

likes to have it explained over and 5—Worry Ideal fatherhood is a perpetual

over again. When asked what the boys construggle and most fathers find them-

A good father will not send his sidered the most important qualities selves capable of wearing a champiboy to church; he will take him. in an ideal father, they nearly all on's crown only at brief intervals of

Too many fathers are unwilling to agreed that there were three essentime. This article is therefore dedigive adult religion a place in their tials: love, ability to discipline, and cated to all the fathers who are trylives. They think of religion in willingness to set an example. In ing.

terms of the simplified version which they received as a child. They remember it was helpful and want

their children to have the same help, but they are unwilling to go back to church as adults and try to underImperturbability persecute you."(Matt. 5:44.) Jesus

stand the profound and inspiring was asked how many times we spiritual said, "Seventy forgive, of great ofpoints and he view in- (Continued from page 162) should (Ibid., like That 18:22.) times seven."structors and Moses Paul who

never could be understood comwere to try to read, much less anis a lot of forgivenesses. But just

pletely by children. swer, all of the attacks made upon think how that kind of attitude

The father who makes religion an me, this shop might as well be closed would relieve our own tensions, inexciting and inspiring topic in the for any other business. I do the crease our satisfactions, and improve

home and leads out in matters of best I know how, the very best I the quality of our service. In imprayer and devotion is likely to can, and I mean to keep doing so perturbability, as in many other

realize the fruits of it all through the until the end. If the end brings things, Jesus himself was our best

years. They say that families who me out all right, what is said against example. He made the supreme

pray together, stay together, and a me won't amount to anything. If sacrifice at the very time he was

boy from this kind of a home usually the end brings me out wrong, ten suffering the most grievous wrongs.

remembers the strength he derived angels swearing I was right would Even upon the cross he was able to from it. make no difference."say, "Father, forgive them; for they

A few years ago it was considered Jesus went further than either know not what they do."(Luke

smart psychology in some circles to Lincoln or Lee and gave the greatest 23:34.)

deny children any religious training of all formulas for imperturbability. How different this quality shows

so their children could "choose for He said, "Love your enemies, bless itself in the life of the Master from themselves after they grow up."This them that curse you, do good that in the lives of some of us who

proved to be a tremendous blunder. to them that hate you; and pray for tend to become embittered over

As one expert recently commented, them that despitefully use you, and every thoughtless trifle, or resign

MABCH I960 191 our responsibility and pull into our shell because of some microscopic injury. There are a great many people who have become inactive in

the Church because they have felt they were not appreciated, or some real or imagined offense has caused them to throw their blessings overboard.

Sometimes we are more intent on winning arguments than in doing good. We sometimes develop a

false sense of dignity that must be maintained at all costs. The old

idea of "evil for evil"is also still buried pretty deep within us.

What a wonderful thing it would be if we would take the chips from our shoulders and quit worrying about balancing scores with people.

Judgment is God's business, not ours. It is our business to do good.

What difference does it make wh

EXPRESS SERVICE I gets the credit? It is still the soft

answer that turns away wrath.

Twenty centuries ago the greatest

Where in the West are you going? Serving 62 cities in six great man who ever lived said, "Let not

troubled."heart be (John your

states "Modern jetage service with the F-27 PropJet"not else 14:1.) said, "Do Someone

be agitated."They are the same,

and both were given in our interests.

"People do not get stomach ulcers because of what they eat; they getwestconsramimes stomach ulcers because of what is

eating them."And that is also how

they get high blood pressure, heart trouble, nervous breakdowns, and

THIS SET OF inferiority complexes. That is also

RUG SHAMPOOERS about the quickest way to lose our blessings.

Imperturbability helps us to get our minds off the problems onto

Used for spreading dry type rug the solutions. What good does it

cleaning compounds, or wet scrubbing do to nurse grudges? Or how

if desired. does it profit us if we let the sins

Yours at no added charge when you purchase the NEW... of others destroy our morale and

the effectiveness of our work? We

need to make ourselves as nearly HOOVER POLISHER as possible invulnerable to injury,

Formerly $49.95 is the answer. imperturbability and

will increase Imperturbability SAVE $20 our it will increase our 51035 productiveness;

it will increase our peace NOW blessings;

is in lookof no point mind. There ONLY

in of anywhere 29 ing mind for peace the world unless we first find it in

MAIL THIS COUPON our own hearts. Godliness itself is

partly made up of imperturbability.

the Please send me POLISHER HOOVER FLOORS

I plus set the of advertised Rug Shampooers IN SPARKLE

( $29.95. at Enclosed | serenity the Money grant us THE HALF "God

I for ( ) includesCheck Order for $31.95 whichis $2.00) TIME things the accept we cannot To shipping charges Scrub, Wax, and Polish, Brushes j if DoAH

. Name change;

i Necessary. Changing No

Address k Magic Handle with Automatic Switch. The courage to change the things

City > * Combination Splash and Bumper Guard. we can;

the wisdom to know the differAnd Gloss. High Adding Pads for * Felt ISiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii ence."Needed. it All the Gives Power Big Motor

PEHRSON HARDWARE 2102 SOUTH 11th EAST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH $2SHIPPEDshippingANYWHEREcharge. IN AMERICA add

192 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

YOUR

. SALT LAKE When to repent and improve

Richard L. Evans HEADQUARTERS

We are disposed to attach particular significance \(i-:::::- to certain times and seasons. We look to special EYEGLASSES IP Si THE days and anniversaries and events. We speak of

7 hour. hour, SPOKEN special eleventh the midnight CONTACT LENSES hours—the / WORD the calendar, thus to the clock and and We look

mark off the measures by which we live our lives. Some hours and ARTIFICIAL EYES

special surely acquired significance—and seasons have days and HEARING AIDS note, at start or to stop, or things some particular we seem many

point—and these special times add their inducement to many things

we do. All this is good—or may be—provided we don't let waiting ANNOUNCING 4 LOCATIONS

for particular times lead us to delay repentance and improvement. Now in Murray

Well would we decide at any time, for the better, to do differently. 4792 South State

We could decide at any moment, for example, to settle some difference, or to do some service; to begin to diet, if we need to, The

or to start to pay a debt past due; to begin to break a bad habit;

to do better, to learn better, to live better, and not leave such decisions to a special day, to a special hour, to a particular time far OPTICAL SHOP future. And if we pass a particular time for repenting or improving,

or if we falter or fail after having made a good resolution, we 420 Boston Bldg.

shouldn't postpone repentance or improvement for another special 368 East First South day or hour, or for another such season. It is important now to be 1062 East 2100 South

desired in the repenting, to be moving to be improving, now direcEM 3-5262 quiet consistency. a simple needless with tion, not with dramatics, but

Life is everlasting, and the direction in which we move is exceedSalt Lake City, Utah ingly important, and the timing is also. And whether it's the New

Year, or midnight, the eleventh hour or any other, there is no real reason for waiting for a special day, a special hour, or a special season to improve or to repent. When we need repentance, we need

it now.

over Square presented Spoken Word,"from Temple "The KSL and

System, Broadcasting the Get worlds Copyright 1960. 3, 1960. January Columbia

of hot water 3 times as fast TWILIGHT SONG with a by D. J. Roberts "QUICK RECOVERY"

Sing the old songs over That exiled eyes may see The country lanes and clover ELECTRIC

Which colored my infancy,

The meadow lark and curlew Lyric on field and marsh. WATER

Not that this silent curfew More than the sound is harsh, HEATER

Not that the motors wheeling Over the thoroughfare Are hurried gangsters stealing

The stillness which was there,

But just that a childhood cable ism

Anchors a lad to earth By a tree, a song, a fable, To the time and the place of his birth.

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

MARCH 1960 193 LCHiZEDEK ESTHOOD A

to Perform How Priesthood Ordinances

One of the great blessings which comes to holders There are few set forms in the Church. It is inof the Melchizedek Priesthood is the privilege of tended that the Holy Spirit shall direct priesthood

representing the Lord in the performance of priestbearers in their ministerial acts.

hood ordinances. It follows that brethren must so live as to receive

For instance: What a blessing it is in a family, inspiration from the Spirit of God; they must cultiif the father has the faith, power, and authority to vate the ability to tune themselves to the divine mind

administer to his wife and children when they become and will. When they do so, their prayers are simple,

ill! Or: When children are prepared to be named, direct, appropriate, and effective in the sight of Deity.

baptized, or confirmed members of the Church, what There are no set forms for priesthood ordinances a wholesome spirit of family unity is created, if the performed outside the temples except in the cases father is worthy and able to perform these ordinances! of baptism and administration of the Sacrament. But

That Holy Priesthood which has been conferred there are certain essentials which should attend the upon men in this dispensation is, of course, the power performance of all ordinances. As shown from the

and authority of God delegated to man on earth to recitation in the Melchizedek Priesthood Handbook, act in all things for the salvation of men. Those who these requisites are:

hold it have the right, when they act in harmony with 1. All ordinances are to be performed in the name

the laws and requirements of the Church, to represent of Jesus Christ.

the Lord himself in the performance of holy ordi- 2. All are to be done in the authority of the priestnances. And they are obligated to perform their hood.

duty in righteousness—that is, to do it in the way the 3. And then any appropriate language which deLord has prescribed. scribes what is involved should be used. For instance:

Since it is the express policy of the Church, in In confirmation, it is essential that the Holy Ghost these sacred matters, that there be no written forms be bestowed; in ordaining to the office of priest, that

or detailed instructions as to the manner in which fact must be specified.

most priesthood ordinances shall be performed, it As set forth in the Handbook, all holders of the becomes a matter of great importance for priesthood Melchizedek Priesthood should be able and worthy holders to be taught the correct policies and proto perform, in accordance with the established policy cedures by their quorum officers, who in turn are of the Church, the following ordinances:

instructed by stake presidencies and members of 1. Blessing and naming of children.

stake Melchizedek Priesthood committees. 2. Confirmation and bestowal of the Holy Ghost.

194 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 3. Conferring the priesthood and ordaining to the Savior himself—was slain; his apostles whom he

offices therein. had chosen to take charge of the ministry and to build

4. Consecration of oil, up his Church in the earth, were also slain; and every

5. Administering to the sick. man that had that authority was taken from the peo-

6. Dedication of graves. ple. Little by little the organization strayed from the

Stake priesthood officers should take occasion in truth and from the correct manner of administering regular priesthood leadership meetings to teach quoordinances, etc., and darkness soon prevailed. In our

rum officers how these ordinances should be perown day the same results would follow if it were not formed. Quorum leaders should then teach their for the authority of the apostleship exercising conmembers in the regular monthly quorum meetings. tinued watchfulness over the Church....

Priesthood leaders, however, must not issue or use "Who is the author of these forms that were shown publications setting forth instructions about ordito us we do not know; but he must have been a bold

nances and giving forms of suggested prayers. Such man that would venture to write out forms for the

are not approved; indeed, in practical effect, their use of elders or other officers of the Church in ordainusage violates the whole spirit governing the pering men to the various offices of the priesthood, or

formance of these sacred ordinances. setting them apart, or confirming members of the

In this connection, we reprint here the instructions Church, or in the blessing of children. The Lord

prepared by President George Q. Cannon for the himself has given us, by revelation, the manner in

guidance and direction of priesthood bearers: which we shall ask a blessing in administering the

"A copy of 'Ready References,'belonging to one of Sacrament, and the form of words that we shall use the Elders who has been a missionary abroad, fell into in baptizing. Moroni has, also, in the Book of Morour hands the other day, and curiosity was aroused mon, told us how Priests and Teachers were ordained

by seeing, in the memoranda pages of the book, among the Nephites. Beyond this the Lord has not

written forms [italics added] for ordination to the gone. The Holy Ghost has been given for the express

Aaronic Priesthood, or the ordination of Elders, the purpose, among other things, of inspiring men to persetting apart of home missionaries, the anointing of form all the duties which belong to the priesthood;

the sick, the confirmation of members, and the blessand it is but little less than sacrilege for any man, in ing of children. We were informed by one of the and of himself, to frame a form of ordination for

Apostles, who gave us this book, that he learned that others to adopt. [Italics added.] Where this has been

these forms were in use among some of the missiondone, it has doubtless been done with the best of aries, some of them being missionaries in the States intentions, but nevertheless, is it not an assumption and in foreign lands. The Elder who is the owner of of one of the functions which belong to one of the

this book was a missionary to the Polynesian Islands, Godhead—the Holy Ghost? Where these forms are

and it was understood that these forms were in use adopted, those who use them are in a position where, to some extent in that mission. if the Ploly Ghost should inspire them to say anything

"This information was a surprise to the First Presito a person whom they were ordaining or setting dency and to those of the Twelve Apostles who were apart, or blessing, they could not do so without departpresent. We had not heard of it until it was brought ing from this prepared form.

to our attention in this way. "It is this spirit that has prompted men to frame

"It requires continual vigilance on the part of those rituals such as exist in... other churches. The

the Lord has placed as authorities in His Church, to prayers are prepared for certain occasions, and everyprevent the growth of fashions and forms that are thing connected with ordinances is arranged and contrary to the spirit of the Gospel of the Lord Jesus printed, so that there shall be no error in the ceremony.

Christ. Incidents frequently occur in the experience This is the case where churches do not believe in the

of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints Holy Ghost being given to men in these days. Does it

which illustrate the manner in which the primitive not seem incredible that men woidd adopt the same

Church, established by the Savior, fell into the grievous plans in the Church of Christ—a Church which is led

errors that resulted in the withdrawal of the power of by revelation and inspired by the Holy Ghost? [Italics

God from it. It requires constant watchfulness now added.] With such a departure as this from the way

to prevent aberrations from the right path, even with the Lord has pointed out, can it be wondered at that the full organization of the priesthood in the Church. men left to themselves go astray and fall into pernicious

But in the ancient Church, the Head of the Church—errors?"(Millennial Star, vol. 60, pp. 270271.)

MARCH 1960 195 Ward Teaching Supplement—SAFETY IS OF THE LORD

Man in this world is surrounded by a variety of a responsibility to teach our children to be safety conthings which possess both a tremendous potential of scious, to respect the persons and properties of others.

usefulness and a tremendous capacity for destruction. More than one snowball thrown at a passing car has

Knives, guns, ladders, poisons, fire, water, and the resulted in serious injury. Rockthrowing is also, for

like come to mind immediately. Others are less obobvious reasons, not to be recommended.

vious but equally perilous. Children are notoriously careless with their own

On every side we see unnecessary accidents (and safety as well as that of others. They should be taught

there is no such thing as a necessary accident) rethat there are good and notso-good ways to deal with sulting from a deficiency of caution, patience, or bicycles, roofs, trees, knives, guns, and such things.

wisdom. The "makings"of such accidents are everAlso present are dangers which threaten not our

present. mortal lives, but our eternal lives. These are evenTake icy streets, for instance—or dangerous bodies more insidious. Safety demands that we use caution

of water—or electric tools we don't quite understand—and wisdom in dealing with spiritual as well as physior fences that are pointed—or automobiles under cal hazards.

almost any circumstances. The Lord commands us to love one another. It is

Even the home is full of dangers. Steep staircases, not unreasonable to suppose that he expects us to

defective appliances, inadequately lighted storage take special precautions not prematurely to propel one areas, cellophane bags or scissors left where young of our brethren into eternity or leave him maimed, children can reach them... the list here is long and mangled, or misshapen for life. And he expects us

depressing. to be as careful with ourselves as we are with others*

Not all dangers are inanimate. Attempts at unLaws have been enacted to help us in this respect.

necessary familiarity with snakes, spiders, and strange They are guides to conduct, not challenges to indogs have often backfired. Even wellknown domestic genuity. Wherever we are, whatever we are doing,

animals occasionally reveal unsuspected traits. whether we are being watched or not—we should obey

Two menaces to our safety merit special mention: them. And we should obey them as a religious obligathe practical joker and the untrained child. The former tion.

is his own problem; the latter his parents'. We have Take care. We are our brothers'keepers.

LAW OF TITHING LIVED BY ANCIENT ISRAEL

"The law of tithing is an eternal law. The Lord The Old Testament in particular is rich in declaraAlmighty never had his Kingdom on the earth without tions shedding light upon the whys and wherefores

[either] the law of tithing [or the law of consecration] of this practice. Tithing was part of the law of Moses,.

being in the midst of his people...."This statement, but (being eternal), predates that law. In Genesis,,

uttered by Brigham Young in an address in the early the very first book in the Bible, we find an account of a days of the restored Church, is verified by a host of tithe transaction involving two of the greatest personscriptural and historical references which describe the alities ever to live upon this earth:

practice of this divine law both in the Old World and "And Melchisedek, king of Salem, brought forth the New. bread and wine; and he break bread and blest it;

196 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

and he blest the wine, he being the priest of the most that dwelt in the cities of Judah, they also brought in high God,... the tithe of oxen and sheep, and the tithe of holy

"And he lifted up his voice, and he blessed Abram things which were consecrated unto the Lord their [Abraham], being the high priest, and the keeper of God, and laid them by heaps.

the storehouse of God; "In the third month they began to lay the founda-

"Him whom God had appointed to receive tithes tion of the heaps, and finished them in the seventh for the poor. month.

"Wherefore, Abram paid unto him tithes of all that "And when Hezekiah and the princes came and saw he had, of all the riches, which he possessed, which the heaps, they blessed the Lord, and his people Israel.

God had given him more than that which he had "Then Hezekiah questioned with the priests and need."(Gen. 14:17, 3739. the Levites concerning the

Inspired Version.) heaps.

Jacob, Abraham's grand- "And Azariah the chief son, witnessed a very impriest of the house of pressive vision (known Zadok answered him, and as the vision of Jacob's said, Since the people beladder) and immediately gan to bring the offerings thereafter made a coveinto the house of the Lord, nant with the Lord simiwe have had enough to lar to the covenant which eat, and have left plenty:

his grandfather had made. for the Lord hath blessed

Part of the covenant his people; and that which

concerned the payment of is left is this great store."

tithes. (Gen. 28, particu- (2 Chronicles 31:5-10.)

larly verse 22. The rest of the Old

In the Mosaic law proTestament, right up to vision concerning tithes, the last book, is replete this significant statement with scriptures corrobois found: rating this idea that paying

"And all the tithe of the tithes and receiving blessland, whether of the seed ings are related. As a

of the land, or of the matter of fact, one of the fruit of the tree, is the most forceful and oftLord's: it is holy unto the Lord."(Leviticus 27:30; quoted passages confirming this truth is found in the

see also verses 3234; Numbers 18:21; Deuteronomy very last book—Malachi. Malachi's writings are scant14:28.) he left but fiftyfive verses—but they contain several

From the time of Moses and Aaron to the restorainspired sections, one of the most excellent of which tion of the higher law with the Savior, the Lord's is the following:

people lived the law of Moses, including the tithing "Will a man rob God? Yet ye have robbed me. But

provisions which had been incorporated into it. They ye say, Wherein have we robbed thee? In tithes and

were not consistent in their tithepaying, any more offerings.

than they were consistent in the other phases of their "Ye are cursed with a curse: for ye have robbed me,

religious life. But when they did faithfully live this even this whole nation.

law, they were abundantly blessed. Witness this "Bring ye all the tithes into the storehouse, that

incident which occurred during the reign of Hezekiah, there may be meat in mine house, and prove me now one of the few really righteous kings that ever reigned herewith, saith the Lord of hosts, if I will not open in Judah: you the windows of heaven, and pour you out a bless-

"And as soon as the commandment came abroad, ing, that there shall not be room enough to receive it."

the children of Israel brought in abundance the first- (Mai. 3:8-10.)

fruits of corn, wine, and oil, and honey, and of all the This promise is as valid today as it was when given.

increase of the field; and the tithe of all things brought And our duty in relation to it is equally clear, for "all

they in abundantly. the tithe of the land... is the Lord's; it is holy unto

"And concerning the children of Israel and Judah, the Lord."

MARCH 1960 197 Today's Family, Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

We have been told constantly, down through the The spareribs and cream puffs can be prepared on ages, that the Sabbath was to be a day of rest. But Saturday. All that is left to do Sunday is to bake the

human nature, being what it is, has made it so easy potatoes, simmer the meat, cook the asparagus, and conveniently to forget. Even today, after so recently toss the green salad.

being told by our General Authorities, to make Sunday different from the rest of the week, have we dropped Barbecued Spareribs back again into our careless ways? Are we refraining Brown the ribs. Put in roaster and half cover with

from shopping on the Sabbath, do we prepare our sauce and place in refrigerator until P/2 hours before food with a singleness of heart, and do we rest and serving. At this time put the lid on the roaster, heat to

worship our Heavenly Father on his day? boiling on top of stove. Place in oven and let simmer

It's good to gather our family and friends around F/2 hours while the potatoes are baking.

the dinner table. In doing this has it been Mother

who has broken the Sabbath by preparing a huge Sauce for Ribs dinner? Has she spent all Sunday morning in this 1 cup vinegar 1 teaspoon pepper

preparation? Perhaps neglecting Sunday School with 2 cups water 1 tablespoon salt

the thought, but I'm bringing my family closer to- 2 cups catsup V2 teaspoon dry mustard gether. All this food preparation can even give y% teaspoon cayenne 1 teaspoon chili powder

mother a "sorryfor-herself complex."This is all so pepper 1 teaspoon brown sugar

unnecessary. Reserve an hour or two Saturday to pre- 2 bay leafs

pare the Sunday dinner. Even set the dinner table in

readiness for the family gathering and greet the SabTwo Bean Salad bath with a wonderful serene feeling of preparedness. 2 avocados—peeled and cubed

Do your shopping on Friday, your cooking on Sat- 1 package of frozen baby limas—cooked and chilled

urday, then rest and enjoy the following menus on 1 can French string beans—chilled

Sunday. Lettuce

French dressing Menu #1 Cook the lima beans Saturday and toss with the

Barbecued Spareribs string beans and a few drops of French dressing.

Baked Potatoes Buttered Asparagus Cover and store in refrigerator. Just before serving

Two Bean Salad Sunday add the avocados and a little more French

Cream Puff Sundae dressing and serve on lettuce cups.

198 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Sunday we rest

Cream Puffs (16 large) 2 tablespoons butter 4 cups diced cooked 1 cup water 4 eggs 2 cans mushroom soup chicken

Vz cup of shortening 1 cup of flour sifted 1 can chicken broth 1 can chow me in noodles split cashew nuts V\ teaspoon salt 2 tablespoons soy sauce % cup sprinkle of black pepper Bring the water and shortening to the boiling point, add flour and salt. Cook, stirring constantly until Stew a chicken until tender. Remove from bones

the dough leaves the sides of the pan, and stirs in one and leave in fairly large pieces. Saute the onion and

piece. Take from heat and add eggs one at a time; celery in butter. Add soup and broth. Add seasonings

beat well with electric mixer or rotary egg beater after and chicken and simmer all together for a few mineach egg is added. Beat for 5 minutes after all eggs utes. Pour into large casserole, sprinkle with noodles

have been added. Drop from tablespoon 2 inches and nuts and store in refrigerator overnight. Bake

apart onto greased baking sheet. Bake at 450 F. for Sunday in a 350 F. oven until brown and bubbly.

10 minutes and at 375 F. for 25 minutes. Store in

Honey Onionscool dry place and serve filled with vanilla ice cream and top with berries fresh or partially thawed. 12 medium sized peeled Vi, cup honey

onions % cup butter Menu #2 salt and pepper powdered cloves

Chicken Cashew Casserole Cook whole onions in salted water until barely

Shredded Carrots tender. Arrange in wellbuttered baking dish and

Honey Onions season with salt and pepper. Heat together the

Jello Fruit Salad honey and butter and pour over the onions. Sprinkle

Marshmallow Refrigerator Loaf with powdered cloves. Store in refrigerator overnight. Put in 350 F. oven along with the chicken

This entire menu may be prepared Saturday with casserole and bake until golden brown.

just the heating up of the casserole and onions on

Sunday. Marshmallow Refrigerator Loaf

Vz lb. quartered or tiny Vz cup chopped nuts

Chicken Cashew Casserole marshmallows Vz cup chopped dates yz cup finely chopped 1 cup finely chopped lA cup water 2% cups graham cracker onions celery Vz cup whipping cream crumbs

MARCH 1960 199 Pour water over marshmallows. wellgreased pie plate. Rake 30

Add whipped cream, nuts, and dates, minutes at 350 F. When cool, top

1 and blend well. Add graham cracker with whipped cream and chill in

I crumbs and knead in well. Form refrigerator overnight. MEN into roll about 6 inches long and 3 1

I fry inchesLet standthickovernight.and placeServein loafin slicespan. Menu #4

I topped with whipped cream. Creamed Chicken Served on I ZOOM! Mushroom Riscuits

I...the | Menu #3 Peas and thin Onion Rings

Porcupine Salad a instantmsrqnT coowngcooking whofewnoie | Meat Loaf with an Apricot Glaze Chocolate Ice Rox Cake wheat cereal You've no fdea Scalloped Corn Rainbow Salad This complete menu may be preis neces- I how good Yourmorning s Soda Cracker Pie pared Saturday. All that

I sary Sunday is to warm the creamed

I hot cereal can be! I This menu can be entirely prechicken and cook the vegetable.

pared just on Saturday until the with chicken Saturtender the bakStew I ing of it, the day. scalloped meat loaf from and bones, cube Remove I cooks Faster INSTANT COOKING I

Store sauce. and add to a creamed I corn to be done on Sunday. | than QUICK... in refrigerator until just before I serv-

9 tastes Better Scalloped Corn ing next day. The mushroom bis-

f cuit recipe is in the January 1960 * * than GOOD! j&H

WHOLE WHEATCEREAL 4 tablespoons butter Era. These may be cooked SaturVz cup flour day and served cold under the hot

1V2 teaspoons salt chicken or mixed Saturday and baked % teaspoon mustard Sunday just before serving.

Vz teaspoon paprika The Porcupine Salad is a large \Vz cups half scalded splinters milk stuck of alpear with COAT style 1 can cream corn served salad greens. and on monds <utcC

HAT RACKS 21 teaspoonsegg slightlyWorcestershirebeaten sauce Chocolate Ice Box Cake efficiency Bring checkroom to the church and Sunday 1 cup buttered bread crumbs

School. in an

Vz lb. butter orderly aired, dry manner—Keep wraps

press". "in No. 3 wall and butter, the Saturday sugar melt cup On add % in racks length any to come

coat spaced hangers and flour 4 with the eggs seasonings, dry mixed foot. spacesfit; 4 per running ] on Mount

desired vanilla for height the 2 teaspoons gradually. each on milk and pour age group. Add

ft. 5 Portable No, wallTheat 50 Checker accommoVk teaspoon salt Worcestershire egg, and sauce. dates people, goes 50 wherever large corn, needed on

ballbearing-swivel casters. Answers the wraps Pour into a buttered casserole and 2 squares chocolate in vestibules problem, or for meetings, dinners,

Efficient, etc. sanitary, fireproof and quality vanilla cover with wafers 30 buttered cracker crumbs.

built for lifetime service of welded, heavy gauge 1 refrigerator Store in overnight, cup pecans steel then square with tubular columns.

Write Bulletin for CT690 with Sunday bake the meat loaf units for every church need until BWardrobeincluding 350 F. portable brown. Cream the butter and sugar, add umbrella and at

overshoe for racks entrances, and The Rainbow Salad is made by egg yolks, and beat until fluffy and for storage racks robes.

V0GELPETERS0N CO. shredding a small head of cabbage, light. Melt chocolate and add with

small head of red cabbage, and three the nuts, salt, and vanilla. Fold in

Rf. 83 and Madison St. Elmhurst, Illinois carrots, and mixing them together. the beaten egg whites. Put in layers

ntoHX&e LetDrainstandwellforandonemoistenhour in withice water.salad inwafers.refrigeratorFirst layertray wafers,with thelastvanillalayer

FOLDKING dressing. Cover and store in rechocolate. Will serve 8 people.

frigerator until ready to use.

Soda Cracker Pie WEATHER VANE 12 soda crackers 3 whites egg by Ethel E. Mann

TEMPEREDNO.pusrictzEaK-3 MftSONITETABLEtop 1 cup walnuts, coarsely chopped

LINE TABLE FOLDING 1 against cup sugar leaned chimney the sky A committees, Kitchen social 1 vanilla quickly, teaspoon without warning, Then groups, attention! Directfront-

factory discounts up—1 teaspoon sliver, baking a long, high. gray aimed powder It to Churches, 40%prices—terms.

Schools, Clubs, all Vz Lodges and is pint this whipping cream (There morning.) no wind,

organizations. Our new Monroe 1960 FoldKing Folding I sense a life beyond the smoke

Banquet are unmatched Tables durability, quality, convenReat the egg whites until stiff. Where shadows are retreating, 7 MODELS. for

ROLLING. ience and handsome appearSMOOTH, sizes. Add the sugar gradually and conAs though one slumbering, just STORAGE. ance. EASY HANDLING, and 68 Models

tinue beating. Fold in remaining awoke

1960 BIG FREE—CATALOG ingredients. Pour mixture into a Responsive to a greetingl

line tables, chairs, table Color pictures. Full and chair trucks,

platformrisers, portable partitions, bulletin boards. 52nd year.

THE MONROE CO., 249 Church St., Colfax, Iowa

200 THE IMPROVEMENT EI?

Gold Ribbon Winner at County Fair gives you her recipe for Family Loaf "I named my recipe for my wonderful family who pitched in to help make my fair entry,"says Mrs. Hoyt Palmer of Salt

Lake City, Utah, who won the new Gold Ribbon for yeast baking at the Salt Lake County

Fair. "And Fleischmann's Yeast deserves a

lot of credit, too. That's the kind we prizewinning cooks like best. It's such a dependable

fast rising yeast that you can be sure your k baking will turn out just right. S*

"I hope you'll have as good luck with my recipe as I did. It won the Gold Ribbon for me! And I

made my entry with Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast."I

/ Family Loaf \J 1 package or cake Fleischmann's 2 tablespoons molasses

Yeast, active dry or compressed 1 tablespoon salt 1/5 cup warm, not hot, water 3 cups milk, scalded (lukewarm for compressed yeast) 6 cups whole wheat flour 1 tablespoon shortening 3 cups sifted allpurpose 1 tablespoon honey flour (about)

Dissolve yeast in water. Add the shortenbulk. Bake at 400 for 10 to 15 minutes.

ing, honey, molasses and salt to scalded (Until lightly brown). Reduce heat to

milk. Cool to lukewarm and add yeast. 350 for 45 minutes. Makes 2 large

ON BEING A LADY Adddough.wholeAdd wheatabout 3flourcups toflourmakeas neededa soft loaves.

Wake Up, It's Spring! anding processknead thoroughly.I use white(Inflour).this lastLet mixrise

until double in bulk. Knead down. Let

Wake up the potential you, who's theloaves,doughkneadingrest 10wellminutes.to get Shapeout allintoair

hiding behind those dreamy eyes bubbles. Let rise until nearly double in

are really worldand show the you \ ANOTHER FINE PRODUCT OF STANDARD BRANDS INCORPORATED / clever ideas a personsomebody, with and fearless convictions. You know

you really are a fascinating person in right. stagnateyour own Why

pretty beout of touch? Hf'x face?hind a have some You

very special original thoughts under those curls. Think! Use that brain

of yours. Stir yourself. Open your

eyes to the whole world. Really see

everything there is to see and then let it soak in. Every day open a new

door, read something enlightening, listen to good music, notice something new around you, do something worth while you have never done before, make a new acquaintance.

Do all this, and a bright new world will be yours. Keep that mind of

yours working every minute and shiny unexplored horizons, and many, many new friends will be yours.

If your eyes are open and your catch up on the news of mind working, you can't help but family and friends by long distance be interesting. Be sure your voice Remember, rates are lowest after 6 P.M. and all day Sunday

mirrors your wideawake spirit. One—even lower when you call stationto-station.

fellow said, "I like to phone Jinny.

She always sounds as if she was just Mountain States Telephone waiting for me to call."No deadness or drabness in her hello! But

after the hello you must know how NOW AVAILABLE - WRITE FOR to carry on. Good talk is precious. lovely COMPLETE LISTING OF FRJEE conversationalist an interestingBeing

Tabernacle Choir Records +01* Isffoyers Mormon talent.is a wonderful It is based on

Recordings Columbia CENTRE RECORD KITCHEn South Main CHARm ZitI 1%/rV TI 47, x Lake Salt City, Utah WAXED PAPER

MARCH I960 201 THE CENTER OF 'S CONVENIENCE that timehonored rule of being interested, sincerely interested in what the other person is saying and doNEW AMERICA ing.happensBeingto reallyhim. interestedYou can cultivatein what

all this. It is a part of what we MOTEL have been talking about, keeping

your mind awake and being aware.

BEAUTIFUL 320 ROOMS find to conit hard make Do you BEAUTY BARBER SALON it's If SHOP v:;;ffi-;K;::::;::;:!>j versation on a date? do, you MAIN AT FIFTH SOUTH

because you are thinking of yourself rather than of the one you are with. Conversation is just a ball to

be tossed back and forth. You must

be ready for this ball. Spend time

planning—reading, observing, then

practise putting it in words while you are doing dishes some night.

Have subject matter on the tip of your tongue. What about sports,

new movies, and books? Praise be,

for their endless possibilities. Then

find out the special interests of the to one with you are whom 11 tr his likes dislikes, his ambitions, and hobbies, and you are all set. BURNED OUT and be. Know

REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY Live on your toes, anticipating a wonderful tomorrow but never for-

A fire may mean you are out of a place to live, get the glorious moment.

with tremendous added expense before you find another.

Let us explain your need for ample insurance to cover todays higher values.

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY MAKER OF QUILTS

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City by Maude Rubin

Her hands move slowly through the colored skeins, Making their careful choice, then briefly rest On cherished fabrics. Down through

Www Hertime'sreverygreenmoveslanesbackward, through loveblest And shining days, through dark of pianos loss. The years

Have hurried past like thoughts at night. No trace

BISHOPS Of doubt survives; faith's glowing

spheres see piano, Before or buying organ any filled its void. Old fingers'Have

finest instruments the musical world's BRIDAL GOWNS needle pace church. available or write for Phone your FORMALS Is briarstitch takes slow, perfect but

for further information.

DRESSES form Summerhays Music LINGERIE Totricatefence rose silk, gold velvet. In3719 So. StateAM 2-1 061 -S. L. C, Ut. Garlands border white satin. Pictures

swarm Through dusk like butterflies, their

Binding your Eras? radiant wings

send a 4c stamp for Hiding the fabrics'colors. Their

1959 index silence sings!

The Improvement Era 50 North Main Street South Main Salt Lake City

Salt Lake City 11, Utah 202 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA %? 1 Q w %5

Aunt Jocly Creditors?

(Continued from page 149) Start saving for those things you want. Then pay cash.

through all the difficulties they had to meet. You save twice because you

credit costly eliminate charges to the The company came Wood save and while your you money first it again.Dirty Devil was At

dollars earns extra for you terrible thenot at stream they found AMERICAN'S it to being There be farther down. hish current

no ferry, they "plunged in,"and then they wondered whether they would ever get out; the current threatened

to roll their wagons down the stream.

They walked to ease the burden of the teams; they traveled late at

night, children crying with the cold, HOME OFFICE: 63 South Main, Salt Lake City 11, Utah partly to unload in orderand had

to make their beds. They drove GRANGER OFFICE: SUGAR HOUSE OFFICE:

through "The Gates of Hell,"with 3555 Market Street, Salt Lake City 4, Utah 2186 Highland Drive, Salt Lake City 6, Utah barely room for the wagons to pass HONOLULU DIVISIONAL OFFICE: 915 Fort Street, Honolulu, Hawaii

OFFICE. HILO OFFICE: KAIMUKI cliffs three risingbetween hundred

Hilo, Hawaii Avenue, Honolulu, Hawaii 109 Waianuenue Avenue, hillsfeet high. they 1142 - 12th steep On

doubled teams, slid with roughlocks down steep places; and on sidling

roads Jense and Willard hung on the upperside of the wagons to keep over. from tippingthem

crossing At another of the Dirtv Dfoeouefc fcoui

Devil, and Todv wrote, "We have to unload again, the boatman will not take much at one time in his boat, he takes a wagon at a time, and thenthe luggage. He has gone across GOOD

seven times, and we are not overyet. Now he comes for us. Oh, bneadtam.be,

pray for us! He wants to take us all

in one load, but I want him to take just part, so if we go down there will be some one left, to tell the tale. He says we will be safe, at

least he can save himself and me, and I can tell the story. We went

on the boat, but my heart went faint, and I went blind and I clung to my dear children. Now we are The first bite will tell you

over and thank our Heavenly that Table Queen Bread is special.

Father."Try a loaf today—see how good bread can be

Even that was not the last, nor Always fresh—and enriched with vitamins and

the worst crossing of the Dirty Devil. iron for extra nutrition.

At the next crossing they had no boat, and had to drive in, hazarding SALT LAKE CITY ROYAL BAKING COMPANY OGDEN the swift current, and the holes and quicksand on the bottom. There is

still a sound of dismay in the written words: "We have to cross again.You would pity us if you could see QUICKLY FOLD FILMS!

us todav. Our team was first, and OR UNFOLD! DEVELOPED & PRINTED

to the horses the poorwhen came Maximum Folding Seating Any Minimum Storage straight they to dropbank had.. Tablesdown into the water, and when they or6. 128

Exposure in, it thepulled Send wagon came to the PERFECTIONEEREDBetter appearance, Roll! aldurability—NoCoinC.O.D.sOnly standing with and strength. 'bottom a bump,

Finest construction, Printed Copied and OLD PHOTOS straight down.most Toand up ynUehdl workmanship, for each GENEALOGY—60 top of Choice manyfinish. side the otherwards a came to we Guarantee! Moneyback colors. materials and

Write for Folder SAM'S PHOTO LAB Lake City, Ut CO. IP. O. Box AA, Salt 1115, Dept. MITCHELL MANUFACTURING

2748 S. 34th St., Milwaukee 46, Wis., Dept. A-10

MARCH 1960 203 A MUST WHILE IN... dead standstill, the team couldn't teams could not move it. All the

SALT LAKE CITY pull the two wagons while they men had to rush into the water to jumped up the steep bank. But Oh save the team. It looked as if the VISIT and ENJOY My, we couldn't get with the children horses would tromp the men to

to the bank, and Sam had to get out death in their rearing and plunging.

in the water and drop his trail wagon Sam had to hold one of the horse's which was sinking in the quicksand. head up while the other boys unfree. let to hurry. his tugs hitched had and him With much

fell shouting, itove. whippingWe the and and up many we got He straightened

first wagon up the bank and pulled times in the water, while we stood to one side. The horses didn't want on the bank shaking and trembling.

six in the again, of jerking horses think go water they Just but and 9&L (?JWWL

fast in getting pulling hitched the the other were and and S&i&'towent on FAMOUS it finally harness, got to the not the bank. and moving and wagon wagon UNUSUAL

six "Willard his horses to three only Butt an inch! put do on And men

wagon and tried to cross a little anything. The horses felt so bad

higher up. All six horses and the that they had to be unhitched, while

wagon began to go down, and the the wagon was still sinking in the

Our exquisite candies Debt: a real and actual

mailed everywhere.

'DISTINCTIVE'obligationbaiaqitoVe VceLtee/m, 850 East 21st South Salt Lake City Richard L. Evans

Closed Sundays Last week we spoke of the false philosophy of supposing that if we have made one mistake, it

THE won't matter much if we make one more, and of

SPOKEN the need for reversing a wrong process if we ever WORD want things to go the right way. There is yet this

further thought on a somewhat related subject, and it has to do with debt. Debt is a burden, a worry (or should be)—that is, it

should be if it is a debt past due. Debt is a real and actual obligation. It represents the use of something that actually wasn't ours,

or the use of something for which we have postponed payment. And

it is a fallacy to feel that being somewhat deep in debt, it doesn't matter very much if we go yet deeper. Here, in a sense, is a matter

of repentance, a matter of reversing the process. No one in debt is

likely to get out unless he does something different from that which got him into debt. Of course, there is the unavoidable, the unSo good for babies expected: the accidents, the illnesses, and other adverse events; and

there is generally a disposition to be understanding of the necessary...that Special and the unavoidable. But basically, borrowing carries with it the

obligation of paying back. Either we reduce obligations or we

Morning Milk increase obligations, and credit is given with the expectancy that the debtor will reduce the debt. And respect and confidence and

sound credit come with an honest attitude toward honoring obligations. Embarrassment and discomfort and the killing of confidence

So easy to digest, Special Morning and credit come with ignoring or attempting to move out from under

Milk is the only evaporated milk obligations. No man is ever out of debt who always goes in deeper.

especially developed for babies... No man is ever out of debt who always promises more than he

the only evaporated milk with expays. In this, as in other things also, the direction in which we

tra Vitamins A and D added in move matters much. And because a man may be down deep, doesn't

is the amount doctors believe best to mean that he should go down deeper. And this, or any other,

a season to resolve not needlessly or irresponsibly to go down deeper help promote sound bones and into debt.

teeth and build resistance to disease. "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Columbia Broadcasting System, January 17, 1960. Copyright 1960.

Ask your doctor about Special Morning Milk for your baby!

204 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA middle of the river. They had to

unload everything in the wagon, and carry it out in their hands. The

men were wet to the neck, and the water so cold. They worked for

hours bringing the load out; it

seemed impossible that so much could be in one wagon. They hitched

six horses on the empty wagon, and after much prying up of the wheels, and lifting they got the wagon across, while we got dinner so the poor men could have something warm to eat. I partly unloaded our

wagon to find dry clothes for them.

"Julie and the three children rode across to our side on the horses, but All sorts of advice for modern, American living can be found

Aunt Elsie didn't dare to ride; we

were all on our side of the river but on the women's pages of The Salt Lake Tribune. There is

her, and what to do, nobody knew.

So Jense, a big sixfooter, (he was advice—from Edan Wright—for teenagers; advice—from Ann

more than six feet tall) went over Landers—for anyone,- food buying advice; fashion advice;

and got her on his back, and plodded with her through the river. We were food preparation advice; beauty advice; health advice and

all anxious but laughing hard to ourselves. When they came out advice for home care.

safely, we all had a good laugh, but And without the women's pages, you will never know who is

Aunt Elsie said: 'Now, Jody, don't

write this in your diary!"marrying whom... or how beautiful a bride can look in

Crawling on towards the Coloflowing lace, Read it all inrado, days they progressed some Wat JNft ak* tEritmneseven miles a nine or day, sometimes a little more. Wind and cold, "giveout"horses, weather so unpleasant

they ate sometimes in the wagon without trying to have a fire in the thiswind. us they told "When was The HAMMOND Organ surelybetter than the other they road

didn't know what they were talking is your best buy because it is:

about. I do think it is a sin to have The only organ with thousands of

beautiful tone through the magic travel roads.people better such We "Tone Bars."it of River,have round gone Green by

offers rich that only organis five that miles hundred way."The

effects either keyboard vibrato on "This she wrote:Later is twentyon at time. or both same

four days from home; we thought The only organ that never gets out

to have been nearly to Bluff by now. of tune.

Well the wind is still blowing, the Let us prove to you that the children crying, and we have to HAMMOND ORGAN bake for supper, with sad hearts at is your best buy for the thought of getting up the mounHome—Church—School $25.00 down and 36 months on

tain that is before us, and then, the any Hammond Organ.

river! Oh dear, would anybody else CHURCH ORGANISTS Utah's original Hammond Dealer.

on earth travel such roads? No one Call in to see Seldon Heaps for a FREE Expert and Experienced Service.

but Mormons, but the sun is shining packettrations.of Hammond Organ church regisYour Time Contract is held by us.

while we eat in silence."

When at long last they reached

River,the the dreaded Colorado CO. GLEN BROS. MUSIC of the crossingplace washed was Salt Lake 246 So. Main St., 2546 Washington Blvd., Ogden

out, compelling them to climb up and over a mountain to come to the river higher up. On that mountain

they had tribulations again, in which they could move but one wagon at a time by hitching it to six span, that When you think of TRAVEL DRINK is twelve horses, and then got only part way up the pitch and had to Think of MURDOCK TRAVEL ficqo A delightful 51 North State Salt Lake City, Utah hot beverage for those

DA 2-1 129 who don't drink coffee.

AT VYOUR GROCERS MARCH 1960 205 A PERFECT VACATION stop and unload. "The poor horses tired out. It is very cold here on

fell downtop of the mountain, with the river ANYWHERE pulled and jerked and so many of them together. So they ever so far below us. It looks very

left part of the load, and had to scary."

carry the things from there to the After their perilous descent to the top. It was such hard work, the river, and their hairraising crossing,

men were so tired they could not "This is the most pleasant evening

If are a pillow. left Cedar. than more carry much when The since we we ItOBBINS TRAVEL

life's safe horses are journey, harder than and through did not any work

I did, trying to get up with my baby on the other side, if we are as happy boy. But the Lord prepared our as we are tonight, I think I shall be

backs for the burden, or they would satisfied, here with my five children, EUROPE have been half broken. If you could and all the dear ones safe."

if a our our teams they been and month on had men—Well When SPECIAL TOUR see YOUTH LDS still till get to the other side, they the somewhere were road we live we COUNTRIES - 13 30 DAYS

OTHER EUROPEAN TRIPS I shall write again."in the wilderness between the ColoAVAILABLE They spent all day moving three rado River and Bluff, and the achundred yards, "and so we stop; count is not given of their final

men, women, children and teams all arrival.

ROYAL HAWAIIAN HOLIDAYS 8 OR 15 GLORIOUS DAYS

AMERICAN HERITAGE TOOR These Times 7. Parents are "... justified in

(HILL CUMORAH PAGEANT) setting hours for teenagers to reQUEBEC, MONTREAL, OTTAWA, (Continued from page 132) turn from dates."EASTERN U.S. SEABOARD

Lef Us Plan Your Individual or Group Vocations: "Change the labor laws 8. Teenage marriages are too

Travel allowing teenagers under 16 years often the result of youth who are to escape an unhappy home... "trying the privilege of age working."—Our Service is FREE To You—of it is easy the "... think life."They school to establish "The a needs

14 So. Main St. Salt Lake City system to help teenagers acquire way out."They think it will "...

EL 5-8086 Evenings EL 9-0959 jobs."solve their problems.""Early dating

The following points from the and the use of automobiles..."also

heading, "The Family"are reprinted contributes to early marriages.

directly from the report. Here is How can we meet these chalthe fundamental area of challenge. lenges?

issue, in Utah, fundamental The These items, remember, come from "BANQUETMASTER"attiof desire, is not lack probably a report This is not Utah homes. THE NEW LIGHT WEIGHT

FOLDING BANQUET TABLE from the young people of Manhattan, tude, instruction, or preachment to for Designed today's beautiful

Churches Schools Los Angeles, or Baltimore: parents. The issue may be fundaCafes Private Homes 1. The family needs to become a mentally an issue of time. This is my

family again instead of just a group best observation, offered as a social of "... individuals living together."scientist. Too many of us have be-

2. The family needs to do things come "organization men and women."

together. They should play, work, We are ambitious people. We work

study, go to church, go on outings, hard all day. We fill our nights with

Made in the West by have family nights, and create a organizational activities; business;

workmen. civic; dinplus church; educational; life. family wholesome compare Banyou buy, BISHOPS—BeforeL.D.S.

is truth clubs. that harsh y ner material quality of for and The quetmasters 3. to needs There be more interdesign. Write of beauty workmanship, is little for the scheduled or no time in for est teenagers and love from prices with descriptive brochure and for

discounts. to family family. is supposed The their parents. Parents need to show Satisfaction Guaranteed

of "... time, get along with unscheduled sent for your inspection. Sample table talk over the to a willingness

Write or telephone collect JA 2-6601. problems of youth."Teenagers which none is usually left!

D. H. LOOSLI CO., INC. want more opportunities to confide In the rural society most older

Idaho Falls, Idaho in their parents. parents still remember, there was

4. "We grow up too fast."There alwavs leftover time. In modern,

are too many privileges for early urban, industrial society, every dating and early use of automobiles. organization tends to become a time-

M)'B<)'B'()B-()'B-(>'B'()()()()l)i()'aM'()(><M 5. Parents need to assume more demanding, timeconsuming monleadership. "Put father back at the ster. When the job (husband's and

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS head of the family."Parents should wife's), the service club, the social

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple set a good example for harmonious functions that go with the job, the sore throat and other minor mouth family life. chamber of commerce, the labor

and throat irritations. 6. There needs to be a better defiunion, the professional association,

nition of home duties. "We want to the educational front, the manyis expected of us."faceted religious organizations, all

HALLS REMEDY know what Salt Lake City. Utah

206 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA train their demands for the individual's time—there is no time left.The report of the youngsters, "We REDUCE NOW!

don't get enough sleep,"can be repeated and expanded for their parents. Too few modern urban men

have learned to say "no"to demands -tta JUOMjr curud d2atcluA> UtOAls on time which must be literally fought for, in which to snatch a few moments to collect, organize, and administer a family. Most families

are not administered. They proceed

by chance, circumstance, and the of organization.grace SURE MEAL organization seems to reNo one

spect any time but its own. GrandIt's safe and sure! It cuts your calorie intake

parents, uncles, aunts, and cousins down while maintainingyour vigor and health were an intimate part of the life of through proper nutrition.

every individual a generation ago.

Who among us today has spent five SURE MEAL is a scientifically planned food DON LYMAN minutes in the last year calling on a nothing else. You can reduce rapidly or slowly

senior uncle or aunt—compared with with SURE MEAL. You can use it 3 times a

the time spent in organization after day until you have lost all or a substantial part working hours? of the weight you want to lose.

The family is the principal social For best long range results use SURE MEAL casualty of the industrial revolution. twice a day with skim milk or powdered milk

All that solidly remains is the bioand have one other low calorie meal each day, logical function: a young husband until you have taken off the weight you wish to

and wife in their years of producing lose.

the young. As soon as the young

Control weight your have... when you oldare mobile, enough to become Az*W/ "movie** ujtWvwua*

desired your to continue weight, usethey are whisked go or by the reached away will each one SURE MEAL once of multileviathans organday—thismodern VITAMIN nutritional balance you to maintain a goodization. the They continue mad help

to the intake of calories and also keep help you in until confinesrace old age them CATALOG If control. under you gain with one SURE finally, time,a setting where, having

lost its value to the organizations, MEAL, you can cut the calories in your ordibecomes a problem. nary meals or use two or three SURE MEALS

The personal administration and a day for short periods to bring about theparceling out of time is among the control you want—when you use SURE lip].modern individual's central probMEAL—there's no counting calories—it's

lems. all done for you!

The family lacks a paid, administrative staff to demand response to If you just want to try SURE MEAL, send for the 20meal size. But if

its demands for time. All other oryou have a lot of weight to lose, order the economical 40meal size

ganizations have their bureaucracies at only $9.00, or the case of 6—40meal containers for only $45.00.

—devising uses for the family's time.

Mother, bless her heart, has no Mailed or Delivered Free—EM 3-9674

secretary; no one to answer the

phone for her.

Can the unorganized family comDon Lyman & Associates pete with the organized organiza472Salt So.Lake10thCity,EastUtahtions and survive? Can the family

organize itself and function successPlease send:

fully in some time sacred to it?

This is the problem pointed by SURE MEAL

'our children in these times. i 20 Meal Sire 4.75 Check a Delicious FLAVOR

! 40 Meal Size 9.00 a Vanilla Chocolate [J Butterscotch Q

MARCH MEDLEY I 6 40 Meal Size (Case) 45.00 Bland fj (So you can flavor it yourself) '

Impartially March mixes lions and Name lambs; i AddressWhen the vicious one enters, the modest one scrams.

:'. -Edith M. J. Hounsell City and State

\ 1 may be interested in selling a Send your Vitamin Catalogue [ ] J

MARCH 1960 207 The Last Word

Gzpern Charles Darwin, English naturalist (180982): If

I had my life to live over again, I would make it a rule to read some poetry and listen to some music at least once a week; for perhaps the parts of my brain

now atrophied would thus have been kept alive through use. The loss of these tastes is a loss of happiness.

Success or failure in life is caused more by mental attitude than by mental capacities.

Said the rich and single aunt to her nephew: "I'm Johnny: Say, Dad, do you know you're a lucky

sorry you don't like your gift, but I asked if you preman?

ferred a large check or a small one."Father: How is that, son?

Replied the ungrateful nephew: "True enough, but Johnny: You won't have to buy new books for me

I didn't know you were talking about neckties."this year. I am taking last year's work over again.

The Joy of Appreciation

As a simple, unpretentious admirer of fine art, Elbert Hubbard derived much pleasure from visiting Wisdom and watchfulness the great art galleries. One day he was admiring a are necessary for the guidpriceless painting in a New York gallery when a ance of children. Their

friend chidingly remarked, "Elbert, why do you allow manner of thinking begins yourself to become so enthusiastic over things you to develop very early, and can never afford to own?"in their growth, they are

"Harry,"replied the sage of East Aurora, "I would much like the plant which rather be able to appreciate things I cannot have than needs fertilizing and prunto have things I am not able to appreciate."ing. Shall we let the character of boys and girls

become less nurtured than plants?

The surest way to live with honor in the world is to be in reality what we would appear to be.

-De Scales

A plain bar of iron is worth five dollars. This same Two husbands were discussing their status at home.

bar of iron, when made into horseshoes, is worth Said one:

$10.50. If made into needles, it is worth $4,285.00. "I am the boss in my house. Last night, for examIf turned into balance wheels for watches, it becomes ple, there was no hot water when I wanted some, so

worth $250,000.00. This is true of another kind of I raised the roof. And, believe me, I got lots of hot

material—you. Your value is determined by what water—in a hurry."

you make of yourself. Then after a pause, he added: "I hate to wash

James M. Hughes, American educator. dishes in cold water."

208 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Unequalled for CHURCH BUILDINGS

From North to South... and East to West,

throughout the Salt Lake Valley and the entire

Intermountain West, rise graceful, gleaming

spires mounted on everlastingly beautiful chapel

walls of brick. Over the years, architects, contractors and church engineers have been quick

to realize the true value and many advantages of brick: Low original cost, low maintenance, fire

resistant, and lasting beauty.

mm 3tt4ttCm&/ /*-&mdfc

SALT IAKE CITY, UTAH.

'flP B '* "1 * 1 1 'B'

out on a li

--without

mortgage insurance?

Some people—such as arctic explorers and

small boys who build precariously perched treehouses—like to live dangerously. But most of us

prefer to play it safe... especially when it comes

to home and family.

There is only one thing more pathetic than a home without a mother—and that's a mother

without a home. If the privilege of living in a

home while you are paying for it is worth 5 or 6%

interest, then the knowledge that your family will always have that home must be worth the additional 1% or 2% that it costs for mortgage

insurance.

Will you leave your family a home—or just the

memory of one? Beneficial Mortgage insurance

makes all the difference.

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY

Beneficial Life Building Salt Lake City, Utah Depi. E 360

Check up now on your householding foresight..

Send for free folder "The House That Jack Built. BENEFICIAL IIEE

Name.

Street or RFD. Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

City. Zone State.