> i::

f: "-fi0:':

N THIS ISSUE—AUGUST, 1936

THE FIRST PRESIDENCY HEBER J. GRANT Volume 39 Number 8

CHARLES A. CALLIS HARVEY FLETCHER ReturnSALT LAKEPostageCITY,GuaranteedUTAH

CARVETH WELLS LEAH D. WIDTSOE

PREPARE FOR LEADERSHIP AT THE UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

Freshmen Register on Monday, September 28

Upper Classmen on Tuesday, September 29

More than 900 courses in 50 departments will be offered students of the College. This is

your opportunity to get vital training in your chosen profession and to increase materially your earning power and value as a citizen.

Courses are offered in the following Schools

AGRICULTURE HOME ECONOMICS FORESTRY EDUCATION ARTS AND SCIENCES ENGINEERING AND

COMMERCE MECHANIC ARTS

WRITE TO THE PRESIDENT'S OFFICE FOR A CATALOGUE

OR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

LOGAN, UTAH

mmmmmm THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1936

200 NORTH MAIN STREET SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

McCune School of Music and Art

Sponsored by the CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

TRACY Y. CANNON, Director

THOROUGH INSTRUCTION IN ALL BRANCHES OF MUSIC, DRAMATIC

ART, AND DANCING

Personal Direction Given to All Whether Beginning or Advanced Students, or

Teachers, or Registered in the Four Year Course Leading to Diploma or Degree,

Bachelor of Music

A FACULTY OF DISTINGUISHED ARTIST TEACHERS:

FACULTY PIANO VIOLONCELLO Tracy Y. Cannon Joseph C. Clive

Frank W. Asper

Mabel Borg Jenkins CLARINET, OBOE, BASSOON,

Becky Almond FLUTE.SAXOPHONE, CORLester Hinchcliff NET, TROMBONE, TRUMPET,

Helen Budge TUBA.FRENCH HORN

Viola Taylor Kenneth Roylance Jessie Seamons Taylor Louis W. Booth

Maurine Dewsnup Nephi K. Davis ORGAN

Thelma Caffall Thurman Tracy Y. Cannon

VOICE Frank W. Asper

Richard P. Condie HARP

Margaret Summerhays Lydia White Boothby

J. Spencer Cornwall

(Vocal Conducting) DRAMATIC ART

VIOLIN and VIOLA E. Munroe Husbands

Beales Reginald Aurelia C. Shimer DANCING

Kenneth Roylance Margaret Burton

REGISTRATIONS FOR I 93637 NOW BEING RECEIVED

MODERATE TUITION FEES—SEND FOR CATALOG

AN INSTITUTIONAL MEMBER OF THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF

SCHOOLS OF MUSIC

Heber J. Grant,

John A. Widtsoe,

Editors Richard L. Evans,

Managing Editor Marba C. Josephson, Associate Editor Improvement

George Q. Morris, General Mgr.

Clarissa A, Beesley, Associate Mgr. J. K. Orton, Business Mgr. AUGUST, 1936

"The Glory of God is Intelligence""THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS,

DEPARTASSOCIATIONS, IMPROVEMENT MUTUAL WARD ERA COMMITTEE, EDUCATION, MUSIC MENT OF

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCHCOMING OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS.

IN SEPTEMBER STEPHEN L. RICHARDS—DISCUSSING

MAN'S POINT OF VIEW ONE ON THE TABLE OF CONTENTS

QUESTION PERENNIAL OF SCIENCE AND RELIGION, WITH PROMINENT TO REFERENCE A RECENT BOOK BY (battortals

SIR FLEMING. AMBROSE

A Warning to Church Members The First Presidency 488

The Use of Gospel Standards John A* Widtsoe 488

THE RELIGION OF THE PIUTE IN- (Also Comment on CommunismReprint "Enemies Within

DIANS, BY WILLIAM R. PALMER, Our Gates,"489.)

PRESIDENT OF PAROWAN STAKE AND

AN ADOPTED SON OF THE TRIBE.

INFORMATIVE THIS COLORFUL AND TREATMENT OF THE WEST'S (church cfeatures BY ONE

BEST QUALIFIED AUTHORITIES ON The President Speaks to Scouters

INDIAN LORE BRINGS NEW LIGHT President Heber J. Grant 461

FACTS. LITTLEKNOWN CONCERNING

SAYS "IN ALL THE AUTHOR: MY A Worldwide View of M. I. A. Richard L. Evans 474

LIFE Pyper 492 George D. Story Hymns of Our DIAN I PROFANEHAVE NEVERTHE NAMESHEARD OFAN HISINThe

498; On, 490; Priesthood: Melchizedek, Church Moves The GODS."

Aaronic, 499; Ward Teaching, 501.

IN THE NETHERLANDS "LANDMARKS LYON, PRESSpecial CJeatures EDGAR MISSION"BY T.

MISFletcher NETHERLANDS IDENT OF 464 THE

SION. GOSPEL HAS A RESTORED THE of to the Youth Your SEVENTYFIVE PREACHED FormulaBirthright—TheFrom Life Pioneers'Message Harvey BEEN

YEARS IN EUROPE'S LOWLAND COUNToday Leah D. Widtsoe 468

TRY. EARLY EARLY AND NAMES OF Among the Catawbas Charles A. Callis 473 SCENES PAGES THE WALK ACROSS

PRINT AS A STORY OF THREEJudge Henry H. Rolapp Daisy Rolapp Romney 478

QUARTERS OF A CENTURY AGO IS The Journal of Archer Walters 482

TOLD.

A Citizen of the World Looks at Utah Carveth Wells 485

Let's Build a Cabin Karl E. Young 507

"BLOOM OF THE DESERT"BY VESTA Sagebrush, 467; How to Improve Your Silent Reading

P. CRAWFORD—IN WHICH A DRAB Habits, 472; Exploring the Universe, 494; On the Book Rack,

AND COLORLESS PLACE BECOMES 496; Homing, 497; From the Diary of a Bishop's Wife, by

ALIVE AND COLORFUL TO THE SEEING Adele Cannon Howells, 512; The Advertisers, 513; Your

EYE. Page and Ours, 520.

FICTION POETRY BOOKS HYMNS cfictioa ana [Poetry THE STORY OF OUR

THE JOURNAL OF ARCHER WALTERS Strange Roads Janet Blake Silver 481

L. Bailey 495 Walter Moving Mountains—Conclusion EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL 502 Eldred Johnstone Get It! Try and OFFICES:

Street, 50 North Main Salt Lake Frontispiece, Desert Shrine, Floyd T. Wood, 460; All Things City, Utah

Copyrght 1932, by the Young Men's Mutual Climb a Starry Stair, Evelyn Miller Hartwich, 473; Poetry

Improvement Association Corporation of the Page, 491; The Return, Ivy Williams Stone, 496; The

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. Skeptics, Rosannah Cannon, 512.

All rights reserved. Subscription price,

$2.oo a year, in advance 20c Single Copy.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, matter. as secondclassUtah, Acceptance procJhe Coverfor of postage at special rate mailing

rided for in section 1103, Act of October, "HPrail's End"is the title of the cover illustration. It is reproduced from

authorized1917. July Utah, Lake, A the east shore of Granddaddy taken from a photograph responsible Improvement Era2, 1918.is not The

Bieler, native of France a Utah. Mr. S. Bieler of Ogden, who joined Paul manuscripts, unsolicited but welcomes byfor

and will exercise care in handling all the Church at twentyone years of age two months after arriving in Utah, contributions. has been engaged in extensive photographic activities since he was fourteen

years old, and has won several prizes for his skill and artistry. "Trail's

A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY AugustEnd"whichafternoon.appears "Theto be Lakea nightRuthsilhouette,Campfire"was onactuallypage taken463 islatealsoon byan

MEMBER OF THE FAMILY Paul S. Bieler.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1936

to readers ofCOMING SOON 3ke IMPROVEMENT ERA

"The Outlaw of Navajo Mountain

THE STORY OF OLD POSEY, PIUTE RENEGADE

By ALBERT R LYMAN AUTHOR OF THE "VOICE OF THE INTANGIBLE"

'"Phis full length novel based on the colorful history of the Southwest, will be published in installments in this magazine prior to its appearance in book form.

i: IHWMPiPiiJMPP

ADVENTURE, CONFLICT, ROMANCE, CONQUEST, AND AND HISTORY RETRIBUTION

'"The San Juan Pioneers of the Co anxious were law enforceMormon Church walk across ment officers concerning the the horizon of this story of Infinal disposition of old Posey, dian outlawry as dauntless that, thirteen years ago, when guardians of peace in a scene of troubled unrest. his lawless domination of the

meetingground of four states HThe LAW of primitive man, the ended with his death, they dislaw of the tribe, and the law interred him to make identificaof the white man come into contion certain.

flict for more than half-a-century, and the story that comes \\7atch for the story of Old out of it lives and breathes and Posey by a colorful writer as trusted friendwarms the heart—and chills it, OLD POSEY who knew him

too, at times. and as mortal enemy.

LKead The Outlaw of Navajo Mountain"eqinntriQ Soon in ofke IMPROVEMENT ERA

Desert shrine

.'.-'V'T By FLOYD T.WOOD

'Y'es, we took a bit of desert

For a homestead, Sue and I.

Hoped to win success as farmers;

Pleased to have the chance to try.

Built a log and 'dobe cabin Where 'twas handy to the spring.

Sue called it a sagebrush palace;

Nicknamed me 'The Sagebrush King.'

Plowed a dam to hold the waters

From the winter snows and rains.

Set out trees and shrubs and roses;

Planted hardy hay and grains.

How we laughed and sang and frolicked

At these strange new jobs to do;

Seemed that things we'd hoped and prayed for

All our lives would here come true.

No more tramping, no more wand'ring,

Here a chance to settle down.

Love would make the gray days brighterWhat odds fifty miles to town?

Prairie larks our clock of mornings

Calling us to work and fun.

Brown our faces, tanned and crinkled

With the claw marks of the sun.

Winter, long; then spring's chinooking

Filled my lake with waters deep.

Bought a cow, a pig, some chickens,

And a little band of sheep.

In our garden fresh and greening

Sue and I were well repaid.

Proud because a barren acre Into Eden had been made.

But as blossoms wilt and wither

In the sting of winter's breath

So my dreams were on the evening

When my love lay cold in death.

Numbed and broken there beside her

Asking God why this must be;

And the night was dark and silent

As the desert mourned with me.

So this cabin that we builded Stands now empty and alone;

Roof sagged down and chimney fallen;

Through wide cracks the night winds moan.

When the sun is warm the lizards

In the doorway pause to rest;

'Neath the floor are squirming rattlers;

In the loft the pack rats nest.

Sightless windows ghostly staring

From the rooms where prayers were said.

Where our flowers and garden flourished

Rank the sagebrush grows instead.

Lake and fences, fields and ditches,

Scarce a sign of mortal hand.

Home that was, a broken Eden, Buried 'neath the marching sand.

Not one jot of earthly value In those ruins stark and gray;

By mankind and God forgotten;

pHif Still I linger, day by day,

Watching, hoping, listening ever

For the call to set me free;

Well I know my Sue is waiting In God's homestead fair for me.

PRESIDENT SPEAKS TO SCOUTERS

Training ConNational Sixth was And II canwentproveto Scotlandthat. while THEference Scout Executives of

presiding over the European held March 11 to 18, 1936, at French

PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT Mission and the British Mission of Lick, Indiana. President Heber J.

our Church, and an old lady asked Grant was there by invitation of the

Scouts the Council Boy National of if I lived a few I told her me my age. addressed twice and America of

I number, exact giving the delenine hundred than the more Dr.ExecutiveJames E.andWest,EditorChiefof "Boys'Scout weeks,

Life"introduced President Grant at would be fifty years of age. She gates who attended the "General

the "General Convocation on Scoutsaid, "Oh, nay, nay, never see sixtyConvocation on Scouting in the 15. held Sunday, March Churches"as in follows: the Churches"ing lying five again."thought I was She sin- a accorded President was The is this morning speaker first "Our her. to reception, hearty cerely and warm the Grant, President of Heber J. has to this Scouters message and prethat, successor after Just my Latterthe Christ Jesus of Church of

his remarks made taken been from that to arSaints. missions those know over I happen siding two day

that occasion. on has always President Grant, who years twentyfive rived he was and

friend a consistent been of Scouting, older than I. We had over one hunat considerable is here this morning

personal sacrifice, but this is nothing dred people emigrating that day to chased the place was moving his new for him. He looks to be a man Utah. That was in the early days furniture out and somebody asked

vigor, but amaze youth and it may of Idaho, a up into go man could looked our ages. to guess him He is when that to learn, you, he you of many vicinity get a of in the Utah, and "I said: quite carefully and us over age. years actually nearly eighty of

And yet he spends less time in his hundred and sixty acres of land at should say that Mr. Penrose was

home tha.n we have the privilege of $ 1.25 an acre. Some of it years later sixty, and Mr. Grant sixtyfive."

in our service homes. spending His sold at $300. many we had And to a conSunday Next we went his his belief, is in the cause of missionaries home, going and get I thought I would my ference and hither it takes Church, him and and

yonder by plane and by train and by successor had brought a lot with those three jabs between the eyes auto. I am sure it is in the heart of him. We had had a very, very corrected, so I asked the president

gratitude to express every man here strenuous day. of the Birmingham Conference:

indeed to President Grant, to all of his associates, for the splendid, pracAt night the shipping firm with "Which do you think is the older, tical cooperation that has been given which we did business sent me four Mr. Penrose or myself?"

almost Scoutthe very start of from theatre tickets. When there was He said: "The idea of asking I Yes, ing here should in America.

like to go further. He has been so something very fine at the Shakesuch a ridiculous question. Anyhelpful and encouraging in the evispeare Theatre they would do that. body can see you are very much

dence of friendship and brotherhood I turned to my wife and said: "Em, older than Brother Penrose."I hit

that source it has been great joy a of theatre old said: to the table the finest I wouldn't man go and "No

to him. with and pleasure work theatre tired. to the to will earth. I wife ever take on am I am going my

bed to sleep. Take a missionary to again,"and they never have.

"Age is a quality of mind; bring you home and two of our Now I repeated the articles of

If your dreams you have left bedaughters and use these tickets."faith of our Church in the meeting

I am not hind, My successor, the late Charles this morning, all of them;

If hope is cold, if you no longer look W. Penrose, who lived to be over going to do that here, but I am going

ahead, ninetyone years of age, said: to read what your Chief* wrote to

If your ambition fires are dead, "Sister Grant, let that old man go me:

Then you are old. to bed. I will take you to the "As we review the history erf the Boy

the theatre."Church movement, Scout we find that life best, the take if fromBut you

the Saints Christ of Latterday was Jesus life if in zest, the keep you The next morning I took him to of And hold,If love you no matter how the see the new

Chief * Referring to Dr. E. West, James roll by, years chased of America, Scouts of the for headquarters—twicehome that we had puras Executive Boy

No matter how the birthdays fly, fine as the one I had had. The genwho sent the letter, from which excerpts

You are not old."tleman from whom we had purare here quoted, to President Grant.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1936

first to give its official endorsement to general adopted by unanimous vote acts in relation to them, both in making laws

Scouting. the review records As we of our of a general assembly of the Church safetyand administeringof society. them, for the good and the various CouncilsLocal church and

Saints. of of Latterday Christ Jesus findgroups, the that Church we Mormon that believe government can no "We 17, 1835, all adopted August of This in high theleads others was percentage are in exist such peace, as laws except

its received boys and have young men slightest who the there been not has and will to secure as inviolate held framed and is fitting It training. thereforeScout most get a unanimous can change. exercise You free individual the of coneach thatand proper the be Church Mormon of property, right the control it and is a science, today. vote again There on inrepresented General our Convocation on

life. the protection of and I this, only but half of a page and am I inScouting the writing Churches, and am

on behalf of the Conference Committee, to going to read three paragraphs, be- "We do not believe it just to mingle invitationextend a cordial as Presto you ident of of Christ cause my time is limited: religiouswhereby influenceone religiouswith societycivil government;is fostered of Jesus the Church

Latterday Saints, to speak in behalf of the "We believe that governments were inand another proscribed in its spiritual privMormon Church and bring to our group stituted of God for the benefit of man; and ileges, and the individual rights of its

your appraisal of the value of Scouting in that He holds men accountable for their members, as citizens, denied."...

the magnificent program which you have—Doc. and Cov., Sec. 134:1, 2, 9.

developed for your boys and your young that readymen. reason The we were address Grant's President TO Prior to join willing with anxious and "We would be pleased to have you indiex- and read this Dr. James E. West

cate very clearly the close correlation becerpt from the Constitution of the the Boy Scouts has been given in tween the program of your Scout Troops Boy Scouts of America: what has been read to you here by

and Explorer Scouts, formerly Vanguards, Chief Executive.* your found We thewith the of program Priesthood. Aaronic IIIPRINCIPLES ARTICLE that something pleased us very much AND POLICIES further have "You than gone other any is indeed. Smith Here what Josephchurch in relating group the Scouting to

entire program of your church in its service "Section I—The Boy Scouts of has to say about the Constitution:

that can no maintains boy Americato boys. like to our would have group We is of the States Consitution United "The citizenship into the best kind grow of cleara picture of this completely has how it is glorious in the standard; a founded to obligation his recognizing without to out satisfaction."worked our mutual it It is banner; of heavenly a God. wisdom the the part In first God. Boy of

is all to privileged the those are with who the Scout's prompledge or boy Oath liberty, like the of cooling shades sweets will ises, best I do honor "On my my refreshing great a in of waters rock a and to to counduty and do God my my is It thirsty like great land. and a weary to rE over the try, thousand one Scout have Law."and wards obey\X7

tree under branches every from whose men ruling as the recognition of The God to and branches from Canada clime the burning shielded can be rays from in universe, the leading power and inMexico, the of and each and Smith. ward sun."—Joseph the grateful acknowledgment and of

branch we have a meetinghouse, and His favors and blessings, are necesSome men are ridiculing today the citizenship, to best the sary are type for of working Scouts fromwe fossils, to that old idea old so men, things are wholesome and toCanada on on Mexico are speak, the Supreme Court on cation the growing of inNothemattereduthe south. missions have theWenorthalso I or the Catholic what believe boy be—boy. bench. not may Well, any do

all over the world. Protestant or Jew—this fundamental member of the Church of Jesus

Again quoting Dr. West's letter: keptneed beforeof goodhim.citizenshipThe BoyshouldScoutsbe Christ of Latterday Saints can

"While you are indicating the church of America therefore recognizes the consistently do that. It might be of

in the element interest that training of a to you to know John relationship, that religiousScout Executive hope we nonsectarian is absolutely boy, but it will the president Taylor the our of great also emphasizeyou became fundaits in attitude religious that toward principlesmental that undergird our naseventy-two he Church was when Its is training. that policy the lifetional the spiritual motivation and which of age, that oryears Wilford Woodinstitution ganization or which withis essential to citizenship."good

is shall give the connected Scout ruff president the Boy he became when

It is a real pleasure to have acdefinite attention to his religious life. was eightytwo, and that Lorenzo

cepted this invitation. I do not see this"Onlydeclarationmen willingof principleto subscribeshall beto Snow became the president when

very well how I could have afforded entitled to certificates of leadership in he was eightyfive, and Joseph F.

to stay away, with such a splendid carrying out the Boy Scout Program. Smith when he was sixtytwo, and

activities the members "The of inrequest as this sixtythe letter contained he Grant when was of Heber shall the be Scouts America of Boy all Scout. Chieffrom your Traveling of us each have two, andJ. that and carried conditions which under on

such distances as from Santa Barshow respect for the convictions of served from fiftyone to fiftyseven bara to French Lick is, of course, not others in matters of custom and reyears as Apostles from the day that ligion, as the required Twelfth byunusual with me. I have ordained, been home and were the Mormon is we reading Scout Scout Law, 'A in I believe, fiftyfive theone Sunday, for the last years Church is last reverent. reverent God. toward He

eight weeks. I have been from San He is faithful in his religious duties has had somebody presiding over it

Francisco to New York twice and and respects the convictions of others who was an old man. Lorenzo

down to California a time or two in matters of custom and religion.'Snow, from eightyfive to eightyand over to Phoenix and other nected"In nowithcasea wherechurcha Troopor otheris condis- eight, did some of the most remarkplaces, and really and truly I am a tinctively religious institution, shall able and wonderful and splendid

very much younger man than I was Scouts of other denominations or work that was ever done by any man just before I was fifty. faith be required, because of their presiding over our Church.

membership in the Scout Troop, to

As to the fundamentals of our take part in or observe a religious *One reason we joined the Scouts distinctively ceremony to your just you by been given peculiar to has that position: reasonChurch The that institution or church."there is nothExecutive, and Chief to Scouting, joined going I waswe

tell you, but your Chief has done ing that we desire to emphasize more it for me. I borrowed this book to than that it is our duty to implant in

read just what he has already read/ *See boxed note Article III quoted above the hearts of all boys a reverence for

Here is a declaration of belief rewhich was read by Dr. James E. West preGod and a desire to be directed by

garding governments and laws in vious to President Grant's address. God.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1936

T remember purchasing and distriblast month from an appeal made to was at one time the editor of The uting one thousand copies of The me by one of the Protestant churches Saturday Evening Post, and I shall

Fundamentals of Prosperity by for help I sent them a check not take the time to read the first, secRoger W. Babson, the great statisonly from our Church but a donaond and last paragraphs of this first

tician, in which he tells about being tion from myself. essay:

in Babson America. Mr. South kings, to believe subject in being "We is of every foundation the rock "Truth

rulers in presidents, magistrates, obeyandsays: right the It is to loyalty character. great

ing, sustaining the law. honoring, and

it; it is living of our as see courageous we I I the Brazil to before went was Just

it is alhonest, true, in chaste, ideals; lives being in believe with our harmony "We the Argentine the of of Presidentguest

in virtuous, benevolent, doing and good to ways—power."sat lunching AfterRepublic. one day we

all follow indeed say men; we may we river.in his the parlor looking out over sun

all the believe Paul. of admonition Wethat is said, that thoughtful. thing "Mr. the very sentence was oneHe He That

all things, things, hope have endured we we I is it wonderingBabson, been have why instill into to endeavoring are you things, to to endure able and hope be many its allthat great natural with South America it all If is things. Scouts, of there the the hearts virtuous, anything and Boy is far soadvantages behind America North

lovely, of report or or praiseworthy, good is everything. worth thatnotwithstanding South America was

after things."these seek wesettled before he America."North Then

went on to tell how the forests of South I repeat: "If there is anything "Truth ever defies full definition. Like

it explained electricity only be can by noticeighty-six had hundred twoAmerica and lovely, virtuous, or report or of good is of its It ing the compass manifestation.trees that in found can of be no book after praiseworthy, these seek we the conscience, of the soul, the guardian toldbotany. ranches about He many me

that had thousands of acres under alfalfa things."final touchstone of right. Truth is the reveis lation also an inspiraof the ideal; but it block.in of the mines one mentioned He the discovered fundawe When impulse that ideal, constant to realize a alliron, coal, copper, silver, gold; those mentals the of were tion Boy Scouts, we it."to live riversgreat rival and which waterpowers

Niagara. "Why is it, with all these natural looking for just such a thing and

resources, South America is so far behind that is why we joined.

asked. thoseNorth America?"he Well, of You are teaching boys to be hon- "A man cannot truly believe in God the there reason. have beenyou who know

But, being a guest, I said: est. I hold in my hand one of eight without believing in the final inevitable

If on Truth. of have Truth triumph you written George by William "Mr. President, what do you think is the essays the dark through side can pass youreason?"Jordan, William George misrepresentation and slander, of Jordan valleyyour

He replied: "I have come to this conabuse, undaunted, as though you wore a

clusion. South America was settled by the magic suit of mail that no bullet could enter,

Spanish who came to South America in no arrow could pierce. You can hold your

search of gold, but North America was head high, toss it fearlessly and defiantly, settled by the Pilgrim Fathers who went look every man calmly and unflinchingly there in search of God."in the eye, as though you rode, a victorious

king, returning at the head of your legions glistening, lances banners and waving I quote from our Articles of Faith: with

filling music. the air with and bugles You

"We believe in God, the Eternal Father, can feel the great expansive wave of moral and in His Son, Jesus Christ, and in the health surging through you as the quickened

Holy Ghost."blood courses through the body of him who

"We claim the privilege of worshiping ishealth.gladly,Yougloriouslywill knowproudthatof physicalall will

Almighty God according to the dictates of come right in the end, that it must come, our own conscience, and allow all men the that error must flee before the great white same privilege, let them worship how, light of truth, as darkness slinks away into where, or what they may."nothingness in the presence of the sunburst.

When the Catholic people erected Then,panion,withyourTruthally,as yourand guide,inspiration,your comyou their first church in Salt Lake City tingle with the consciousness of your kintrials, all the petty ship the Infinite and withthey donation a were welcomed and life sufferings of fade sorrows and awayin aid of its erection was by made like seen visions in a harmless temporary, the Mormon Church. And in the dream."

jiBlfc 5?p ]{y"

Photograph by Paul S. Bieler,

THE LAKE RUTH CAMPFIRE

FORMULA A

LIFE FROM

By HARVEY FLETCHER, Ph.D., D.Sc.

yHE MATHEMATICS OF JOY AND SUCCESS

THE NET JOY IN LIFE IS THE TOTAL JOY

MINUS THE PRICE WE PAY FOR IT. "MEN ARE THAT THEY

MIGHT HAVE JOY."BOTH SAINTS AND SINNERS ALIKE

AGREE THAT SUCH IS THE PURPOSE OF LIFE, BUT IT IS

NEGLECTING TO CONSIDER THE COST OF A FLEETING JOY

OR PLEASURE THAT LEADS TO A LIFE OF MISERY AND

UNHAPPINESS.

HARVEY FLETCHER

Physical Fletcher, P\r. Harvey I offered, units. has 100 joy or the amount he has ured by However, *—J Bell the Director Research of given for this to charities. Still another joy in must pay some pain a scienLaboratories, and Telephone

tist of international eminence, rethinks his great joy in life will be acand sorrow. For example, this joy

turned to his Alma Mater, Brigham complished in the attainment of necessitates my leaving my family

Young University, to address the great riches. Or again, the school and spending three uncomfortable

class 1936. graduating From of his teacher thinks that the molding of nights on the train. Also, it necessithis occasion that on remarks made

article has been prepared for "The young minds is where success in life tates paying out money which might

Improvement Era."In the December is found. have been used for getting joy in

1935 issue of this magazine, there As young men and women go out some other way. So we must subbiographical appears a brief sketch from more or less sheltered places tract from the 100 joy units 20 or his attainments. and of Dr. Fletcher

Dr. Fletcher prefaced his remarks of preparation to take active place in 30 in order to get the net joy. It

to the graduating class with these a quickly moving world they are may seem absurd to illustrate in this words: "During my sixteen years'confronted with innumerable urges way, but I am sure it helps to emassociation with Brigham Young llni'

student versity, as a and and no doubt with much advice to phasize the problem which everyone and teacher, since leaving it, which, is now twenty follow this or that course for finding is confronted with every day of his years ago, a philosophy for judging this joy. Remember that joy is the life.

the values in life has been gradually objective, and any other immediate in evolving I am going my mind. to activity should be directed toward "Defore taking part in any activity express to try to that philosophy

you today. For lack of a better title this ultimate end. It seems parain life one should consider its

I have called it 'The Mathematics of doxical but life is so constituted that cost in negative joy units and comJoy and Success'."in order to attain this objective in pare them with the positive joy units

the most complete form, when once which he expects to experience. It

oriented towards it we must then is the neglect to consider the cost of forget about it. a fleeting joy or pleasure that leads

Joy is a real quantity. You know to a life of misery and unhappiness.

that in the great character and it in abundance you have whenLehi, this point of So from view we his in giving it is scarce. Book of Mormon, It can therealso when a that for consider everyone might

as a measurable fore be considered last to blessing advice and quantity. have this significant You can hisJacob, son, made more or joyside accountof this isaccountbeing kept.let us Onsayonein

statement: "Men are that they might you can have less. In trying to emblack ink is kept the positive joy

joy is a the fact that measphasize joy."of the briefThis is onehave units experienced goes as one

far so gone urable quantity, I have definite statements conmostest and side the other through life while on cerning the purpose of life that has as to try to define a unit of joy. in red ink is kept the negative joy

of might speak one example, For written.ever everybody Almost been positive units. that the The amount experijoy as that the unit of joywill sinners agree, both saints and is a the negative ones units exceed

alike, that such is the purpose of life. enced by an average individual measure of the extent to which one

In his own way everyone is seekwhen he shakes hands with a friend has approached the full rich life each ing joy and happiness. One man whom he sees perhaps once a week. one is seeking. Mathematically, this

thinks he is attaining this purpose With this concept in mind then one measure of a full rich life could be 100 joy units or of say speak can lifeof goes drunk and he gets when It a summation.* written down as

etc. joy units, is 1000 party. thinks heon a wild He the net joy that he would represent

having a wonderful time. Another For example, I might speak of the experiences during his lifetime. So

man measures life's success by the thrill which I receive when I am perlet me repeat that all of us have joynumber of religious meetings he has mitted to mingle again with my old attended, the number of prayers he friends in the West as being meas- *See appendix.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1936

accounts to which entries are being in the world, those immediately surin the proper atmosphere of unimade daily both on the red side and rounding us most and those farther versity learning, there is a large net also on the black side. and farther away from our society gain on the positive side of our joy

Before discussing some of the sitto a lesser and lesser degree. And accounts due to these intellectual exuations in life which yield large it is the kind of reactions set up in periences, although at times some of

amounts of joy compared to their the hearts and minds of other people us may have thought that most of it cost in pain, sorrow, and regret, I due to our actions that determines was on the negative side.

desire to discuss another account our success in life. Some no doubt will become teachwhich is also kept daily for each iners and lecturers. If they are welldividual, namely, his success ac- T et us consider for a moment a qualified and have the proper atticount. crosssection of life's activities tude as outlined above, they will

In order to understand this acthat necessarily produce entries in have a wonderful chance to build a count, let us pause for a moment to our success account. In other words, large success account because of

define success. If joy is the purwhat are the things we can do to their contacts with so many persons

pose of life, then he is most successproduce joy in the world? It seems as students. Each student who has

ful who is responsible for bringing to me that these activities can be been properly taught will continue the most joy to the most persons in grouped under three general classes, to add to the teacher's success acthe world. Putting it in mathenamely count not only during his student

matical language, one could say that ( 1 ) those concerned with direct days but during his entire life.

a man's success in living this mortal contact with other persons. On the other hand if the teacher

life is measured by the summation* ( 2 ) those concerned with the foris incompetent or has the wrong atof all the joy for which he is the titude toward students, he can build cause. This joy may be in his own up a large balance on the negative

life, in the lives of his contemposide of his success account. It is

raries, or in the lives of those who better not to live at all than to be are to live in the future, that is, in a continual source of sorrow and the life of any who might be affected pain for other people. I have seen

by his words, actions, and accomsome young teachers start out on plishments. The entries to this suc their careers full of idealism and encess account are taken from all the thusiasm but after a few years they

other joy accounts. become tired and sometimes actually

To make clear what is meant let ill so that they become "crabby"and us consider the success account of "cranky."If teachers ever find

the President of Brigham Young themselves in that condition they

University. In his success account, should quit work as teachers before

there will be entries taken from his they have irreparably damaged their joy account including all those items success accounts.

in his account which are directly due mulation of general principles of Then there are the material beneto this man himself. However, this living. fits bestowed by one person to anwill be only a small part of all the ( 3 ) those concerned with the creother. In this class are food, clothentries in his success account. For ation of the material things for the ing, and shelter. A large part of

there must come entries from the benefit of man. life's activity must be devoted to

accounts of every man in the world Under the first class we have the these necessities of life because great who has been affected by him. For emotional reactions of others caused sorrow, pain, and distress can be

example, there must come from each by our acts and attitudes toward caused by lack of them. The wise

of the joy accounts of Brigham them. For this St. Paul has given man chooses those activities in life

Young students entries that go into a wonderful guide in the thirteenth which enable him to scatter joy units the President's success account. chapter of I Corinthians in which he to all whom he daily contacts and at

Some of these will be on the red side extols love of fellowmen as the the same time receive enough money and some will be on the black. He greatest force in the world and anafrom his activities adequately to prohas given pain and sorrow to some lyzes it into its component parts as vide for the necessities of life.

which cause entries on the red side patience, kindness, generosity, huThe foolish man extracts his and joy and happiness to others mility, courtesy, unselfishness, goodmoney for these necessities of life which cause entries on the black temper, guilelessness, and sincerity. by scattering pain, sorrow, and

side. Long after he is dead entries The emulation of these attitudes is strife. Whether his activities are

will come into his success account the very heart of Christian living within or without the law makes little on both sides of the ledger. His and they have been emphasized in difference. Such a man frequently

success at any time is determined by the teachings of Latterday Saints. pays 100 units in pain and sorrow

the excess of positive joy units in his Following them produces a great for every joy unit which he or his success account over the negative number of joy units every day of family receives. David Starr Jordan

ones. our lives. put it concisely thus: "Success is

It is thus seen that all of our acThen there are the intellectual doing what you want to do and counts will be tied together by simreactions caused by direct contact as being paid for it."And what we

ilar entries in our joy account and between teacher and student, lecwant to do should always be guided some other one's success account. turer and those in his audience, and by the highest idealism.

In other words, each act or thought the, speaker who asks thoughtful Then there are the spiritual reacof yours or mine affects everybody questions and his listeners. A large tions and uplift caused by our acts

part of the university student's time and attitudes toward others. It

*See appendix. is occupied with such reactions. And may be considered oldfashioned

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1936

and unmodern to say so but I would ciples of living, to him who does memorates. As you stand before its

be unscientific if I did not frankly succeed come great rewards. portals these words greet you: "In

admit that hundreds and thousands Then there is the third general this temple as in the hearts of the of joy units have been posted on the class of activities concerned with the people for whom he saved the Union, positive side of my joy account, due creation and distribution of material the memory of Abraham Lincoln is to the prayer, the blessing, and the things. Probably most of our activenshrined forever."I will not detestimony bearing of my associates ities are concerned with this class of scribe this lovely spot but the point

in the Church. things. I wish to emphasize is that hundreds

In those activities under the secBusiness, including the business of of thousands of others like me are ond general class which are concernrunning the government, is the largreceiving joy and inspiration from ed with the formulation of general est field in this class. You are all this beautiful memorial every day

principles and plans of living there familiar with its many subdivisions and will continue to do so for many are only a few who succeed in maksuch as farming, manufacturing, centuries. The man who created

ing many contributions. For those merchandising, transportation, comthat beautiful memorial will indeed

who do succeed, however, the remunication, banking. There are have a large success account.

wards in success units are so large great opportunities in each of these I could give similar illustrations that it is worth a lifetime effort. fields for real service. We must be in the fields of music and literature,

For example, contribcontent some may them. Weherehavemerelythe interestingto enumeratefield butthingsI wouldwhich onlymostbeofrepeatingus alreadytheute principles to the of government.

There was never a greater opporof scientific research and invention. know.

tunity in this country for men and Great strides are being made every Let me close this enumeration by women who have the ability to think naming the field of amusement, recclearly and sanely and at the same reation, and games. The joy and

time be actuated by a high idealism. happiness resulting from properly

Such men and women are needed to cultivating this field is so obvious formulate plans and principles of that I need not take the time to disgovernment which will be effective cuss it.

in bringing us out of the great uncerThis list of activities includes only tainty and unrest which now exists. the positive activities which will give

Closely related to formulating new joy and satisfaction in living. There

principles of government is the formare certain taboos placed upon our ulating of new economic principles activity both by the Church and also which will be more useful than those by society. There are certain things

which are known today. I do not we are told not to do. We may have

mean to infer that the principles of rebelled at least in thought if not government and economics which in action at these restraints. We

you were taught are wrong but they day in this field and there never may have been caught by a spirit must be modified and added to and was a greater opportunity for those that is too prevalent nowadays applied to meet the needs of our of real ability, but I must warn you which says to follow our desires no modern society. that competition has become much matter where they lead us. If we

keener in this field than it was some should break through these reTn the field of homemaking there years ago. From the fundamental straints and engage in these foris still great need for further formprinciples laid down by Faraday and bidden activities we would find them

ulating and applying definite guidMaxwell in the electrical field and too expensive. The price in sorrow,

ing principles and also of finding by Carnot in the transference of heat pain, and regret, that is, the price ways and means of inculcating them has come the present mechanical in negative joy units, is much greater in the minds of prospective homeage. I need only remind you of the than the positive joy that they will

makers. Then there is the great great joy and happiness brought to bring.

field of religion, philosophy, and millions and millions of homes There may be a few taboos in our ethics which is still beckoning to through the inventions of Thomas midst for which this is not true. If

great minds and great souls. Al- A. Edison and Alexander Graham there are such it will only be a questhough men's minds have been Bell to illustrate the rewards which tion of time until they are removed.

struggling with such problems for come from such work. In the meantime it will be safer to

ages there is still much left to be abide by all of them. By so doing

done. Tn the great field of medicine with our activities will not be sufficiently

One can hardly conceive the total its many ramifications some of circumscribed to prevent a full, rich joy units caused by the philosophy you may make contribution which life and we will be avoiding dangers and terse sayings of such men as will relieve suffering and pain and which we cannot now see which

Ralph Waldo Emerson, Elbert Hubthus bring great benefits to mankind. would seriously cut into our success

bard, George H. Brimhall, and In the field of art there are great accounts.

others. Their work produces every possibilities of bringing joy to a So in making a choice for any acsingle day large dividends which large number of people. I frequently tivity, whether a major or minor one,

must be applied on the positive side go to Washington and if it is posconsider the cost in pain, sorrow, of their success account and will sible I always spend a short time in and regret compared to the joy continue to do so through future the presence of the Lincoln Mereceived. Seek those things which

generations. So although it is only morial which to me is one of the art yield large contributions to the posi-

a person of rare ability who can treasures of America. It seems to tive side of your success account and

succeed at formulating general prinbreathe the spirit of him it comwhich at the same time produce only

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 193d

success for and joy equations it that mathematical accident indeed not any by was side. And negative thesmall amounts on benefit the for referred. So to which all also ages were the thinkers greatest of will find great seekingIn this you equain such interested are others of Iwhohad they souls, religious even though deeplyhelp in three magical words—faith, made no public show of their religious tions I am giving them in this appendix.

love, work. feelings."Let us define the joy line as a graph which

How this world today needs faith! representsb to date ofat deathany time,d, thefromintensitydate ofofbirthjoy

The plighted word of one governTt has been two thousand years experienced by an individual. Such joy

ment to another in a solemn treaty since Jesus said that the greatest lines for certain successful and unsuccessful for indeed interesting very be would the men to "Love wasis as a commandment often looked upon now too life history. a contain they would all might, thy with thy Lord God torhetorical aside record be set when joy the of the ordinate will designate We thy neighstrength, mind, and and have notconvenient. Nations do designated line individual for by the x

faith in each other and because of bor as thyself."It is not just an- }x(t). The time t within the parenthesis

the lack of it Europe is inevitably other verse in the Bible but a fund-, indicates that / is varying as time proceeds is the indicates graph the subscript and x truth that be obeyed must amental war. great anotherdrifting toward

individual x. experienced for the joy by in live together before can will right ultimately thatHave faith of richness the of the measure Then Lx with the face world must real purpeace. that thereprevail is a and societyWe is the life equation lived given the by by x

pose to life. Have faith in mankind love in our hearts for those with d

for you will find that most persons whom we associate. It is a high Lx = }x(t).8t

are trying to do what is right. It Christian ideal but it is worth strivis the small minority that is giving ing for because the nearer we apwhich may be called the joy equation. The

the world an evil and ugly appearproach it the larger the dividends in lower limit b is the birth date and the upper date. limit death d the will be. units It is not joy faithance. in God. Have

let of the consider us measure Sy Now that most coincidencejust a lucky finally fracthe third magical the of individual success y. And A certain

of the Nobel prize winners in science word, "work.""Thou shalt earn tion of the intensity of joy Jx experienced

is individual individual Let to their y. due by declared xare have men who of the thy brow."sweat bread thy by

intensity fraction this the joy be Then Fy. in faith quote Let what me God. work. of the hard means Sweat brow acts individual of of to due Fy.Jx. x y is subject. this says on PlankMax accomplish to expect cannot total the individual of Consequently joy x

prize and winner a Nobel isHe is to individual given due by y while without is Weanything good worth sometimes considered the father of hard work. If you keep these three d

is author the physics. Jx.Fy.St.modern He that in inculcate and words mind

b Light,of Theory of Quantum The lives into they stand your for which for expression obtained must be his A similar taken from are his wordsHere will that find matter where no you these in then individual the each world and is entitled Science Gobook Where to or your what happen work you is together. exexpressions This added

ing: job may be, when this life is over pressed by the summation

"There can never be any real opposition your success account will show a x=N [dbetween religion and science; for the one satisfactory balance on the positive Sy = C Jx.Fy.St

is the complement of the other. Every side. x=l)b

serious and reflective person realizes, I think, which may be called the success equation.

that the religious element in his nature must Appendix The summation extends from x=l, the first be recognized and cultivated if all the individuals to x=N, where N is the number powers of the human soul are to act toAfter this talk was given a number of of persons in the world affected in any gether in perfect balance and harmony. the graduates asked me to write down the way by individual y.

SAGEBRUSH

By J. C. HOGENSON

is his inspired. at Close

is the prevailing color aTobeena Westernerabsent fromwhohomehas hefeet for some time in other parts greenish tinge of gray. A

of the world, there is problittle farther away the gray ably nothing missed so much color changes to a haze of—nothing that makes him light blue. Then, as the disrealize that he is home again tance increases, the haze

—as the sight and smell of changes to purplish gray, and

good old western sagebrush, then to a beautiful hazy garavtimesia tridentata. At his net in the far distance against

first opportunity he grabs a the mountains on the opposite handful and squeezes it afside of the valley. He stands

fectionately and as the fraalmost transfixed; the changgrant, pungent aroma reaches ing hues which the sagebrush

his nostrils, he knows that brings to view as the sunhe is really home. At night shine and shadow float over

as he is seated at his camp 'jlMj. the valley from near to far

fire, the aromatic odor of away have touched his longsagebrush smoke makes him ing heart. He knows now,

draw a deep breath and say is-, &*s; probably for the first time,

to himself: "My, but it is that this is home and that

good to be home again."there is no other place on

As he stands upon a hill earth that holds him so firmly and looks over a valley covin its loving friendly arms as ered with this western plant, the sagebrushcovered West.

Your birthright THE PIONEERS'MESSAGE TO THE YOUTH OF TODAY By LEAH D. WIDTSOE

\\7ho own the earth? Those who love

it and cultivate it and make the best use of it. All of this queer "modern"

slant on man's most needed industry, agriculture, does not change one iota the basic fact that no people or nation can be stronger than its land owners and its farmers whose industry makes possible its very life and being.

earth, some of which has been handed down from father to son for many generations. In all of these

countries a large proportion of the people gain their livelihood from the soil, and they are honored as citizens of real worth. Where such a

condition exists a measurable degree of prosperity is bound to follow, prointerfere. political crises vided not do in a magazine time agoSome In conditions are someEngland picture the printed was

different. tracts land of Great what of a HPhis* callsfrankinto questionand timelysomestatementcurrent

crowd of men emerging from trends and influences that would lead are owned by a few titled landlords the factory. anchorage people oura Underautomobile from away huge lease and farmers wouldbe must

traditions solidarity fine of and and caption: "Theneath was rent or tracts aclarger or smaller are the "the earth"good "Where basicWorld's capacity. cording to their peoprintedindustry—Manufacthe The sons Pioneers?"our many of Too of

ture."them are in CCC Camps and other ple generally are not landminded

relief while agencies government of of at the thousands one looked are inclined to look and As on down their birthright through at of the factory out crowding facpeasants or farmers.men Another fail to their fingers. them Manyis slippingof

closing time, one was forced to conrealize that a people who do not own tor of industry contributes to this clude that as important as the arts and cultivate land are sure to be in attitude: for generations, until reand trades and manufacture may be time a floating population with no cently, England has been the manuin human life there is at least one securitydren. Moneyfor themselvescannot buyor theirthe indechiU facturing center for countless peoindustry that is much more basic and pendence of one who has maintained ples overseas, both for their own

that is agriculture. Every one of or increased his land inheritance. colonies and for other countries as

those men who spend their waking well. Wheat from the Argentine

hours with tools and machines must and Canada, beef from Australia, eat. Every one of the eighteen hunThe European Picture dairy produce from Denmark havedred million humans on earth must been shipped into the island country

be fed. Where would any of them '"The nations of the earth differ and she in turn has kept their manube were it not for the farmer who greatly regarding their attitude facturing wants supplied. As a reproduces the food which keeps hutoward farming and the men who till sult the English people are largely

man machinery ready for work? Inthe soil. In France, Germany, Holfactory-minded.

deed, may it not be said that the land, and especially in Scandinavia, The war changed the industrial farmer has the most kingly of all much of the land is tilled by large outlook; other countries found that

earth's professions, for on his intellinumbers of people who not only own they could manufacture goods as gent industry depend the food and title to their plot of land, be it large well as England, and now in Engmuch of the clothing supply of the or small, but who love and honor land many factories are closed while world? every inch of their precious mother countless thousands of men and

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1936

women are walking the streets of "The increase of our children, and their cash for idle acres and idle hands.

regrowing maturity, increases our up to cities, idle the on slant and living this queer All of crowded on man's sponsibilities. land be brought must More

rich their the dole, while industry not does meadow most needed into to cultivation their This wants. supply

lands remain beautiful but unprowill press the necessity of digging canals to change one iota the basic fact that ductive. guide the waters of our large streams over no people or nation can be stronger

tracts of the immense bench bottom and forced is almost to conclude its farmers than its land owners One and lie waste. In which... now that its the people possible where industry own makes these whose public and cullandsgreat the improvements people should

tivate and love the land they are enter with heart and soul, and freely invest very life and being. Could anything

sure to persist and prosper measurin them their surplus property and means, be more sane and practical than this thus to locate the prepare vast multiably. truly are farwise and bit real At least if they of wisdom given by a

tudes are children of our up, growing which they not have doand industrious threePioneer seeing and statesman still solidify strengthen our hands, and and to live on the "dole"or accept remore—make still more compact our present quarters of a century ago? lief. A survey of European counorganized spiritual and national institu- "The riches of a kingdom or nation do

tries seems to prove this statement. tions."* not consist so much in the fulness of its

Of course, where years of drouth What are their children doing treasuryindustry asof inits thepeople."*fertility of its soil and thehave made land unproductive, the with this heritage?

picture is somewhat different, and Indeed, times have changed. This This rich statement of a bygone

people must seek other occupations. is an age when most people look day is just as applicable to condiThe Pioneer Picture to the large cities as desirable places tions today as it was the day it was

"piGHTYNiNE years ago the Pioof residence; the white lights and the given. The fundamentals of life and

countless of means pleasureseeking prosperity not do year change from 'neers Salt the entered Lake Valto attract seem dazzle to and humanyear or from to age. age Proley. lay the Before almost them as kind are moths the toward drawn cesses differ may but somewhat task the ofsuperhuman making flame. basic truths never. his needs Man itsdesert yield for treasures up huthree of youth the a meals land are The being today day as did he sustenance enjoyment. andman Unin in educated the schools one. colyear huge and lay before desert,broken the them leges great and of tracts most the That them of toward land not wereas yet untouched hands. human by

in "whitecollared necessary jobs."proPioneer times or The now is the leader "This declared hadThe fessions for law, of dentistry, medicine, living comfortable is indicatedplace"here they and remain. must business, thus: teaching, music, the and crisis before the them: land wasA arts claim majority; the while many living off fruits a have "You acre or grainsmust an produce and a and of the graduates of agricultural the quarter little of land. Such a wellfarmthe perish. people must colleges tilled teaching seek profesor it and managed, the products and of inspiration guidwise and Under economically applied, will sional do tojobs wonders rather actual than farm

ance a plan of earth conquest was experience. wards keeping and educating a small family.

introduced which has become one of Let the little children do their part, when to farm, wants they are anyway? not in their engaged studies, in Whothe of age. marvels the newly A knitting their stockings mittens, and braiding It's the dirty Youth. hard,devised of—think agriculture system caused straw for their hats, spinning or for yarn it besides, work, doesn't pay. andthe earth in food plenty to produce their frocks underclothing. and If this peoin Everyone that. America knows ple strictly the flourished. would people observeand these and grew prinsimple

Naturally the Pioneers learned to The newspapers and political ciples of economy, they would soon become rich so that they full sufwould speechmakers are not have of it. room Thelove their the that land gave them ficient to their hold abundance;'their and of the dilemma farmer has become their well as food, asfreedom and would run fulness. over with 't football political of juggling unstorehouses it to their a the childrenpassed on as

precious heritage of true wealth. til the thinking man becomes nauNaturally, this advice seems

seated at the practice of paying cold

Listen to counsel. their wise Said

Discourses 10:266. * Journal of

occasion:Brigham on one Young Discourses of 11:142. * Journal of Discourses 11:116. tJournal

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1936

somewhat antiquated as conditions citizens, and as citizens they may have changed with the times; but the own the land as well as cultivate it.

underlying principle is constant. Today over six thousand of the

These are not idle words. Said the farms of California are owned and

Leader of this great human experioperated by foreign peoples, the ment again: darker races. One may scarcely

step into a market in Southern Cali- "I intend to plant and sow, not only in the month of May, but in the month of fornia without being served by

June, and in the month of July, and I will Japanese, and the market gardens continue my labors to raise what is necesof today are in increasing numbers sary or to sustain life, as long as the season the result of Mexican Japanese lasts, "t industry. love the land and They

Is this not sound advice for toare not afraid of work. This is true

day? measurably in other sections.

are Pioof our the sons Where is held farming reason One why in are of them many Too isin are neers? disrepute some that men

shortsighted and are apt to over- C. C. C. camps and other government agencies of relief while theirlook the real purpose of life. Is it

living each day richly in some worthbirthright is slipping through their fail to rewhile endeavor with enough for the fingers. Many of them

comforts rather than the luxuries of alize that a people who do not own and cultivate land are sure to be inlife; or is it merely the making of

money? Unfortunately, many peotime a floating population with no

ple have come to think of the acsecurity for themselves or their cumulation of wealth as the real end children. Those who for any cause

dire their except necessity sold have existence.of knew Our Pioneers strangers to for or little, muchbetter; that they understood men lands

cannot eat money and that it cannot have actually "sold their birthright for a mess of pottage."Money certainly, are necessary, music and live withhappiness.buy may Man cannot the independence of one buy does bread not live by for man his providedout cash very much

efforts are welldirected towards coalone; but farming must always be who has maintained or increased his

I honoroperative enterprises and the intelthe chief concern of any worthwhile land inheritance. How

ligent use of Nature's resources. social economy. When any people those who give of their brain and

Such sentiments are expressed thus: or race refuse to cultivate the land their muscle that earth may yield

for treasure sustenance. her man's seek to divorce themselves and from

if gold; obtain to anxious are not "We loyalty industry of such and The is its care that then people doomed. it raising potatoes obtain and can bywe real noblemen. them men make all right. 'Can't yourmakewheat, you earth? the an- \T7ho The own speculating?'richselves not do by Wewish to. 'Can't you make yourselves rich swer is simple: those who love As AN answer to those who excuse

by going to the gold mines?'We are right it and cultivate it and make the best their exodus from the farms to

don't digin them. the of midst you 'Why it. easier use of Indians the time other or of life at one walks on The

it earth?'the demorBecause goldthe from

all of that are there too ground and South owned North Amermany earth nationalizes the or community on any to give them gold and silver to their hearts'ica but they did not use their land, farms already and no market for content; it will ruin any nation. But give and they remained few in number farm produce, one may say that

them iron and coal, good hard work, plenty and were wanderers. Bits of land there are still thousands in every

schools,to doctrine, and and good eat, good it wealthy, healthy, and were cultivated here and there; flocks land who go hungry all the time. will them a make

happy people.":): were fed until the grass was gone, Too much food is not produced, but

then they moved on to richer pasits disposal and transportation are

The Present Picture tures. White men moved in and beinadequate. Also more intelligence

gan to cultivate and enrich the soil. could be used in the choice of crops

"Decause farming does not pay They prospered and grew in numgrown on the land.

large of cash dividends inis diversity industry healthful great is that bers of crops and their A very certain ofa sign failure? Because creased. being conquest the Their urged today by was bloodFarm

large tracts are suffering from years less (measurably so) but it was seChemurgic Council of America of drouth, need men feel hopeless cure for it was built upon a sure which is organized to utilize farm about farming in general? There foundation: land conquest, land products for the basic industries of

are plenty of failures today in all ownership. life as well as for man's food supply.

the "whitecollared jobs"and proToday their descendants are In this field the chemist is coming to fessions generally, but that does not turning from the hard life of their the aid of the farmer to such an mean that the particular line of work Pioneer ancestors. They want extent that there never again need

need be considered of no account. something easier, with a surer cash be an idle acre anywhere, if it can

There are just as many failures in return; and they mean to find it produce crops.

business, industry, and the arts as or if they fail then "their GovernLeroy S. Weatherby, Ph. D., Prothere are upon the farms—and the ment"must feed them! fessor of Chemistry at the Univerfarmer usually has enough to eat, On the Pacific coast a foreignsity of Southern California, in a

anyway. born resident may not own the land; recent speech at the Western meetThe learned professions, the arts, but he may lease it and work it. ing of the Council held at Fresno,

tlbid 2:280. His sons, however, (and he usually California, made the following in-

$Ibid 13:176. has many of them! ) are American teresting statements:

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1936

fig the leaf that "Since constituted days a pyroline ivory, becomes which today than supmore one suit or necktie at a the first garment, has plants devoted a conman of elephant ivory. most Nitrocelshould time and eat not more than siderable part labors of obtaining his to lulose in dissolved various organic solvents

clothing. First, the skins of animals—then as amyl acetate, the wellknown "banana one simple meal at a time. In seekthe development of spinning and weaving. oil,"becomes the famous "Duco,"which ing the simple, genuine things of

flocks land, the furnished cotton wool; lends The its beautiful ivory sheen to everything life find you will the

fell flax. Finally small to the and a honor from auto bodies to milady's fingernails."to health of peace and attire to furnish the of pride human pathmind—ifthat leadsyouworm

silk. Silk passed from royalty and wealth There are many other products live in harmony with the laws of

to peasant and shop girl. Its use increased of the farm being turned into useful God.

tie to stockings, "outies"from from and to material for the industries. The Third, should you move to other silk "undies."became The poor worm

overworked. There was no unemployment rubber plant has many uses; vegeparts of the country don't be a

or depression in its life. The united efforts table fats, sugars, wood, and grain renter or a wanderer. Try as soon

all silk of all in the the world could worms products are as possible being used to produce piece a land, of to own this for silk.not meet growing demand lacquers, plastics, enamels, large while or small, it for incare and calico English Mercer, 1844, "In an John

printer, found that when cotton yarn or countless other uses are being found telligently. Not all may be farmers

fabric is passed through a strong alkaline for the farm produce of the future. but all should have a home of their

it its length. shrinks onethird ofbath about It if possible. own, more may be

is If fabric the tension allowed to dry under expensive it is but to own a home little fibers The Message of the Pioneers to shortening, cotton prevent the satisfactory. more muchall untwist shiny rods and become with a Tf Pioneers could speak with the

silk. like resulted "mercerizedsheen Thus Fourth, don't be a mossback the of our land youth today and aftercotton,"Mercer. named John

"Not satisfied yet, the chemist dissolved especially to their own descendants farmer who slaves and sweats, and cotton in certain reagents as nitric acid, they might say: swears when things go wrong. Use

disulphide, or hydroxidesodium carbon and all possible sources of information First, afraid don't of hard be in acetate. material This copper ammonia regarding improved methods. Train or useful or good happy Nois fine into a work. openings through pressed

suitable coagulating agent and transparent man or woman was ever nurtured in yourselves for your job as the doctor shiny filaments are formed. These filaments idleness or in striving for the easy or the artist does for his and then

are spun, and have dyed and woven we enjoy it. afraid Don't be ocof an for life, or a life easy money. Such

"artificial silk""celanese.""rayon"and or holiday although seaand ideal practice or to casional leads always silk, the next ambiconquered "Having

is intensive, sonal especially work failure, ultimately, to unhappiness,tion leather, to duplicate of the chemist was and even ivory. Cotton, wood pulp, or and often to crime. Keep busy at where hands are short, make up for

other sources of cellulose, dissolved in nitric some worthwhile job. it at other times. Successful farmnitro-acid, become known as what is

cellulose. Nitrocellulose dissolved mixSecond, don't sell your birthing is the result of intelligent planin a a wise system. and Slipshodture collodian; ether alcohol of becomes and a of or pottage a ning mess right—for farming never pays. your farm in vaseline Use acetonedissolved mixed with million dollars! vanish may Money

it sticks into cast small smokeand becomes schools papers, educate and your is night over the earth but goodless in alcohol dissolved with powder; children, to date. keep and up gift to bit great a God's man. Find it is celluloid, or sometimes addedcamphor

called pyroxylin. Pyroxylin pressed into of it for your own and cherish it. Fifth, to the young woman might

It tops. the forms autofabric becomes in intelligence It its care a special you Use and come message: be may

for bindingbeautiful books, durable and will not be rewarded. an honor for a be a You may farmer man to be less costlydisplacing leather. durable and

Pyroxylin pressed into laminated blocks rich but you can be independent. but remember no successful farm is

and cut at right angles to the laminations Remember that no one can wear possible without a wise, willing, and.—-——. -**v*..

I

.:

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1936

healthy helpmeet for the farmer. world; nor for fame and the plaudits

Don't be afraid of being "farmerof the crowd. When that is the aim

ettes"for therein may be found of life, its most valuable treasures much joy and progress. Use your may be lost. No matter what your

intelligence and plan your work; you life work may be—and all well done need not be slaves but the real work is ennobling—seek to underheroines of the nation. With the stand and live daily the Gospel of

mails, newspapers, radio, and a posJesus Christ.

sible automobile, your life need not The farmer youth of Zion today be too hard even if lonely at times. might do well to heed the counsel

To real people who think, you are given by one of the great Pioneers truly among earth's noblewomen. of the West, Brigham Young:

There are countless things in life of "Take courage brethren.... Plow your

more value than dressing in the latland and sow wheat... plant potatoes...

est fashion or going to a "movie"It is our duty to preach the Gospel, gather

Israel, build tithing temples. our and pay night. is that the life every Yours

is I fear this people about most have The earth's bring deepcould should and will forget rich in this country, get that they est satisfactions—it depends upon God and his people, wax fat, and kick themyour attitudes and understanding selves out of the Church (while their chilof things most worthwhile in life. dren) go to hell. This people will stand

Sixth, the farm is the place to cution,mobbing,androbbingbe true.and Butall mannermy greatestof persefear

rear the finest kind of children. No for them is that they cannot stand wealth."

city home (no matter how poor or how elegant ) or city street can comThat message may well be taken pare with the advantages of the orto heart by all who would find real dinary farm as a cradle of human happiness in life. Since all may not

always that the be farmers, certainly, all shouldtraining—providedparents are worthy and that ample cherish their birthright of independopportunities for an education are the learning of earth's most valuable ence on the land conquered with so

made possible. In the close relation lessons. much courage by their fathers less

of man with nature are possible the Seventh and last, don't strive too than a century ago.

finest development of character and much for money and the riches of the Can we be less courageous today?

How to Improve Your Silent Reading Habits 1 Approach your reading with a the table of contents and the preface worth while things you read. Then

definite purpose in mind. with care. remember that a note book or filing

2. Vary your rate according to 5. Ask yourself, "What do I case is not a miser's sock but a tool

the material you are reading. With know about the topic?""What may drawer to be used freely.

practice you should be able to read: I expect to get from this author?"1 1. Test your speed and accur-

( a ) light material at the rate of 6. Get the large pictures at the acy from time to time as you read

500 to 600 words a minute. outset. Read wholes not parts, read or skim articles.

( b ) average reading at the rate sentences, not words, read for Knowledge of progress made is of 400 to 500 words a minbroadest meanings first, then for one of the greatest stimulants to ute. details later if necessary. further effort.

readtaking solid notes while ) at the ( study 7. Avoid reading ( c )

a ing. (as Poor comprehension may be due check, a marginal rate of 400 words Make 300 to

minute. you read) of desirable material. to:

An hour each day spent wisely Then come back to it after the 1. incorrect eye movements.

in reading (devoting only fifteen article or chapter is completed. 2. forcing the attention on words

minutes to light material) will net 8. Generally depend on the coninstead of on phrases.

you at the end of the year the equivtent to give you mastery of new 3. a limited spoken vocabulary.

alent of: words. Later look them up in the 4. a meagre general background.

25 books of light reading. dictionary. 5. lack of a definite purpose in

25 books of average reading. 9. A meagre vocabulary is never reading.

20 books of the solid type, or the characteristic of a big man.

80 books for the year. Seek consciously to increase your 6. failure to make use of table

3. Read under time pressure to vocabulary of contents and preface.

increase your rate but always check (a) by filing these new words 7. lack of concentration.

yourself for comprehension when and using them whenever 8. vagrant thoughts, a sudden

you have finished the reading. possible in your conversamemory of some duty to be per-

4. Having selected the author you tion: formed, an upset emotional condiwish to read you will save much (b) by increasing your contacts tion, and even a littered desk may all

time and come to the essentials of with the world about you. act as irritating interferences with

the book more readily if you examine 10. Also save the gist of the desirable comprehension.

the Among catawbas By CHARLES A. CALLIS

CHARLES A. CALLIS Of the Council of the Twelve

"Drom out of the experience of his *- long years as President of the the Lord in simplicity and reverSouthern States Mission has come ence.

from Charles A. Callis this colorful The Catawbas were among the

glimpse of a little known peoplefirst people in this country to preIndians, the Catawba most of whom to the sent a temperance petition. On May according worship the Lord

Gospel plan given by the Master, 26, 1756, they asked the officials

Jesus Christ, who is also Lord and of South Carolina to protect them

Master of the American Indian, even from the white man's "fire water"as of all other races and peoples. which was debauching their young

men, and, as a result of which the whites were taking advantage of the Indians in the bartering and trading between the two peoples.

the Catawba Indian ResCarolina, mills, South fort At ervation, County, in YorkON erected a the monuwhite men L. D. CHAPEL S. CATAWBA THE there South Carolina, to of the the Catawmemory ment chapel. Saintstands Latterday a the people. a as Indians ba On chief the building, beautiful in design, of the King Catawbas was The inscripis following the monument

is is this in striking Hagler. story contrast to the about a humble There

houses that form the Indian village tion: noted Catawba that reveals the Inwhere sleep the pride and glory of "The Catawba Indians, although a wardian idea of vicarious justice that

former days when the Catawba Inlike nation, were ever friends of the white formerly prevailed.

dians were a proud and powerful settlers. They fought with the Americans A party of braves starting out on

race. in the Revolutionary, and the Confederates a hunt, so the story goes, met a

The Catawba language is as inimmigratedthe Civilto War.this portionTraditionof Southsays Carothey Frenchman who was passing

mute as the "harp that hangs on lina from Canada about 1600, numbering through the reservation. He carried

Tara's walls."Only four in the tribe some twelve thousand. Wars with the a violin and played a number of

nations, other Shawnees, Cherokees, and tunes for them. magical the musiccan it, although speak Catawba The

their depleted smallpox, together numwith the covetedIndians hunby one of upward box was number of two Carolina greatly. In 1764, South bers

dred. Almost all of them are memallotted about fifteen square miles in part young braves who waylaid and

bers of the Church of Jesus Christ of Lancaster district. About 1840 a new killed the Frenchman to obtain posof Latterday Saints. treaty was made, the state buying all of session of the instrument.

Their numbers are swelling. They seventheir landhundredand afterwardacres on layingthe westofF forbankthemof White men went to Chief Hagare an increasing race. And this in the Eswa Tavora (Catawba river) six miles ler and demanded that the murderfulfillment of the remarkable presouth of Fort Mill, where the remnant now er be punished.

diction, rich in promise, given by live, receiving a small annuity from the "Justice shall be done,"said the the Prophet Joseph, that "The Lastate."chief, who was in the woods enmanites shall blossom as the rose."gaged in a hunt. Chief Hagler care-

(Doctrine and Covenants 49:24.) During the administration of the fully loaded his rifle and blew a

The Gospel message was first last royal governor of the province long blast on his horn, recalling his delivered to the Catawbas in 1883, young men from the chase. Presby Elders Henry Miller and Charles ently an Indian appeared toiling

Robinson. The latter died at Kings through the underbrush with a deer

Mountain, South Carolina, while ALL THINGS STAIRCLIMB A STARRY on his shoulders. As soon as he

filling his mission. came within range Chief Hagler

Outstanding among the Christian By Ethelyn Miller Hartwich took careful aim, fired, and the Ininvirtues shining the lives out his in tracks. fell dead bears but leaf and thorn dian bush that of The faith, arethese people devotion, to the white Turning and man the rose; wears a Tomorrow

loyalty. They officer a complete Each twilight dawns in later morn, chief said: "Justice has been done,

branch organization of the Church, And winds of spring melt snows; and we are still brothers."

It was the Indian's idea that awith Sunday School, Relief Society, LifeThe winsnestingits eggavatar,tomorrow sings,'—

and Mutual Improvement AssociaFor the soul who dreams of heavenly things life must be given for a life, and tion. These faithful people worship Tomorrow finds a star. that any life would suffice.

GEORGE Q. MORRIS ALBERT E. BOWEN FRANK L. WEST

THE GENERAL SUPERINTENDENCYA OF THE WORLDWIDEYOUNG MEN'S MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATION

VIEW OF M. LA.

AT CONFERENCE TIME By RICHARD L. EVANS

Of the General Board of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association

f rom the inland valley lands of the west, to africa's

Cape of Good Hope, to Europe's land of the midnight sun, and in all the lands that lie between, the work of the

Mutual Improvement Associations is becoming increasPRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT, WHO GREETED ingly IMPORTANT IN MAKING FRIENDS FOR THE CHURCH, IN

M. I. A, LEADERS AT THE OPENING GENERAL GAINING FAVORABLE PUBLICITY, IN INCREASING MEMBERSHIP, AND

SESSION, WITH A CALL TO YOUTH FOR FAITH IN IN KEEPING MEMBERS ACTIVE AND USEFULLY ENGAGED IN A

THE DIVINITY OF THE WORK OF THE CHURCH. WORLD WHERE UNSETTLED ECONOMIC CONDITIONS AND FORCED

LEISURE DEMAND A SPIRITUALIZED PROGRAM OF LEISURE TIME

ACTIVITY AND WIDENING INTERESTS.

THEMutualworldwideImprovementactivitiesAssocia-of the tions were brought conspicunearly ten thousand delegates reginent national figures, distinguished ously to the foreground during the istered, representing most of the Church personalities, and Churchrecent conference season when genstakes and missions of the Church, wide "mass"participation events of eral gatherings were held in the Presided over by Superintendent A. an unusual character and high exUnited States and many foreign E. Bowen, assisted by Superintendcellence.

countries, climaxed by an internaents George Q. Morris and Frank L. The Drama Festival held at Kingstional broadcast emanating from the West, for the Young Men's organibury Hall on Thursday evening,

Tabernacle in Salt Lake City which zation, and by President Ruth May June 11, presented three plays to a was directed to M. I. A. members Fox, assisted by Counselors Lucy capacity house: "A Dispatch Goes

and leaders in many lands. G. Cannon and Clarissa A. Beesley Home"( Frank L. Manser) by BrigAt the M. I. A. general conference for the Young Women's organizaham Young University and Utah

in Salt Lake City, June 11 to 15 r tion, the conference presented promstake, direction, Lafayette Terry:

LUCY G. CANNON RUTH MAY FOX CLARISSA A. BEESLEY

THE GENERAL PRESIDENCY OF THE YOUNG WOMEN'S MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATION

''Smoke"(Dorothy Clark Wilson) by the Utah State Agricultural College, and Logan and Cache stakes, direction, Chester J. Myers; and

"Pygmaleon and Galatea,"a dance drama, by a selected group under the direction of W. O. Robinson. The

professional excellence and commendable artistry of this performance won the warm acclaim of qualified observers and guests in attendance.

The opening general session Friday morning, June 12, was marked by President Grant's appeal for "the one and supreme object of all the labor that we as Latterday Saints are performing—the conversion of

our young people to the divinity of the work in which we are engaged."

President Grant told the story of the founding of The Improvement Era and expressed his desire that it should be in every home.

The Dance Festival at Saltair Friday evening, June 12, was a spectacle, colorful and thrilling enough to serve as effective inspiration for the raising of dance standards throughout the Church. More than

fourteen hundred young men and women, gathered churchwide, participated in eight dances of beauty, grace, and dignity, under the direction of W. O. Robinson, and to the

music of Carol Lofner and his or-

M. I. A. SUMMER INSTITUTE ACTIVITIES,

SHOWING STAKE LEADERS TRAINING FOR A

YEARROUND PROGRAM, AT MEMORY GROVE,

SALT LAKE CITY, AND ON THE UTAH STATE

CAPITOL GOUNDS, MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1936.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1936

chestra. Commenting on the suc- "It is a source of great satisfaction for

cess and conduct of this event, the usthe tolargestreport crowdthis outingthe ofM. theI. M.A. I.hasA. everwas

management of the resort wrote as brought to Saltair, and broke all records for follows: the number of automobiles and automobile

pasengers to attend Saltair in any one day.

TOP: M. I. A. "TREASURES OF TRUTH"DIS- "Another outstanding feature of the outMISSION; GERMANAUSTRIAN PLAY, CHEMNITZ, the the patrons. quality of ing was With M. I. CENTER: LEADERS OFFICERS AND

nine IN nearly people thousand on the resort, IN SWISSAT THE A. FRANKFORT CONVENTION

GERMAN MISSION; BELOW, LEFT: CHARLES M. not one arrest was made for disorderly conPUBLIC OF MUSIC DENNIS, DIRECTOR THE

FRANCISCO, OF SAN SCHOOLS WAS WHOIN GUEST ducteveningand andwhilewatchedI was carefully,about the Iresortdid notall A. M. I. FOR FESTIVAL THE CONDUCTOR

CHORUS; RIGHT: DR. RAY 0. WYLAND, DIsee one intoxicated person and very few

RELATIONSHIPS, EDUCATION OF RECTOR AND to smokers. Strangers be at happen who

SCOUTS COUNCIL, OF AMERICA, NATIONAL BOY the resort are always A. days on M. I. I. IN M. A. CONFERENCE ATTENDED THE WHO

SALT LAKE CITY. curious to know to what organization the

Ecker Photo.

STEPHEN L. RICHARDS, WHO SPOKE CONCERNING "THE USEFULNESS AND HAPPINESS OF

YOUTH IN A WORLD OF GROWING COMPLEXITY"

DURING THE WORLDWIDE M. I. A. BROADCAST.

young people belong and are always complimentary of their conduct.

"We are pleased to belong to an organization that sets such high standards for its members and for the wonderful influence the M. I. A. organization is having on the

morals and the conduct of the young people of the Church.

"Wishing you continued success, we remain, (Signed) "Thos. M. Wheeler,

"Herbert A. Snow."

Another notable event of the M. I. A. Conference was the

Third Churchwide Music Festival presenting a chorus of fifteen hundred singing voices under the direction of J. Spencer Cornwall and

Evangeline T. Beesley. Charles M.

Dennis of San Francisco was guest conductor, and Frederic Dixon, concert pianist, guest solo artist. An

audience which filled the Tabernacle and paid admission for this special event, warmly received the rich subdued music of young singing voices in a tonal blend of thrilling excellence.

Sunday morning brought a "new high"in the level of conference interest with a world broadcast on the

Church of the Air series presented through the nationwide facilities of

KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting

System and shortwaved for international reception by the Columbia shortwave station W2XE. Music

for this M. I. A. international radio

service was presented by the Festival Chorus that had performed so acceptably on the previous evening.

Four of their best received numbers were repeated, for the radio audience, with the accompaniment of

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1936

Frank Asper at the Tabernacle organ. Stephen L. Richards of the

Council of the Twelve and Chairman of the Church Radio Publicity and Mission Literature Committee represented the General Authorities in speaking concerning "The usefulness and happiness of youth in a world of growing complexity."

After inviting the attention of the audience, present and unseen, to the type of young men and young women who composed the chorus, and after inviting attention to the principles of truth and rightliving that made their lives useful and happy, Brother Richards concluded by saying: "To the many people of the world who are hoping and praying for the dominance of righteousness but who may have become skeptical and pessimistic in the slow and uncertain progress being made toward the triumph of truth and virtue, I offer the encouragement and the hope which these young lives bring. Here is not a mere

philosophy, an abstract panacea for the ills of the world,—here is a vital, tangible

demonstration of the efficacy of high principles and religious ideals in application;

here is a rising generation that has been converted to the elemental philosophy of

Christian life that there is no lasting happiness except in goodness. What these

young people are, others can be. Their

philosophy and program of living can be extended to all the world. Their religion is

not a theory,—it works. If some have

despaired of the success of Christianity, I bid them look up and take heart and follow the lead of this glorious youth, marching so bravely forward under the banner of

Christ."

In response to this unusual broadcast the Columbia Broadcasting

System's director of the Church of the Air wired:

"N. Y., June 15. 1936.

"Evans—KSL.

fine for exceedingly thanks "... Again

thorities of the Church, with Pres- "Millennialby ClaudiusStar"E. photographsStevenson. ourprogram of the Church Air you gave

series yesterday. The music especially ident Heber J. Grant presiding and A CAMERA'S DIARY OF THE SECOND ANNUAL

beautiful and was handled well.... conducting, presented brief remarks BRITISH MISSION M. I. A. CONFERENCE.

riant: Front, left to M. I. A. (1) Mission (Signed) "Allen."from General Superintendent Albert

Florence Horlacher, Elizabeth Cornwall, Gertrudeofficers—

E. Bowen, General President Ruth A. Bickerstaff; middle: Catherine L. M. Horner,

Madeline Elsie Lewis H. Tarrand Mace, Dimler, distinguished guest conductor The President Fox, and May C. Poole, Thomas, Hill; David back: May AnLauraE. Mildred R.of the Dennis, chorus, Charles M. Bleakley, Smart, M. Neff Ralph John Association derson of the W. Hardy, Primary

director of music in the public which organization held its conferDr.LuncheonRay M.at Russell.Corn Exchange.(2) M Men(4) Tracksters.Nancy E. Evans(3)

contest winner. of poetryschools "Star"(Kidderminster) wrote (5) San Francisco, ence corresponding days on with

(Nottingham District)—winners Chorus the Gleaner

I. Kirkham,Oscar A. Y. A. M. M. national Massey, right: left Susie distinguished May Cook, to Front, May A. M. I. A

back: at piano); Cornwall Elizabeth and Hewerdine folin part Secretary asExecutive figure Dr. this gathering, addressed Limb. Edith and Dolly Blythe Day, Edithlows: (6) prosigning Sister J. Cannon Joseph President and Director of EduWyland, Ray O.

walked Arthur, who Elder grams. Evan 74, (7)

Relationships, National Conference. thirtyfive miles to the and (8) "... To me it was a great privilege to cation A session

acquainted withbecome such a fine body of Council, Scout of America. Boy Dr. inM MenTownspeechHall. winner.(9) Joseph W. Darling (Belfast) people, to whileyoung conduct the numbers previously addressed had Wyland

quality, beautiful they sang withwhich such precision, and interpretation was a genuine other conference sessions. On this young men and women who have dedicated

thrill. occasion he opened by saying their lives to the service of God through

(Signed) "Charles M. Dennis, 'For three days I have lived among you, the Church.

"Director of Music."I have received the baptism of inspiration "This morning as I listened to the world

that has come from the splendid vision of broadcast, my vision went out to the ends this inspired carried been your program; I have broadcast the earth by the of where''The Sunday afternoon genera]

I of the music; beauty been strengththe have of and message Truth the Words

session held in the tabernacle unened in my faith by the faith, loyalty, and Wisdom that came down from your Proof der the direction of the General Audevotion of this great company of... {Continued on page 504)

Judge H. HENRY ROLAPP

In whose life devotion to the word of god was foremostand all other cherished things followed.

By DAISY ROLAPP ROMNEY

HPhis sketch of a great lite was seventhan these moreDuring 1 860- 1 936—ney,*- writtenniece ofbytheDaisylate RolappJudge HenryRomty-five years—

Henry H. Rolapp served in H.mirationRolapp,andasappreciation.an expressionAlthoughof ad'

three fields and achieved in each a the author feels it does not do justice full measure of completeness and to his memory it will recall in the success. Often a man may excel in mindswhich willof hisagainold bringfriends,him incidentsclose to

one phase of his life, but rarely do them, and give those who did not we find love of God, devotion to know him well a glimpse into the home, and integrity in one's prorichness of his living.

fession and business so harmoniously and magnificently blended as in

Judge Rolapp's life. went to live and work at the headHis underlying philosophy was quarters of the European Mission in

the belief that God should come first Liverpool. Here he formed associain a man's life. This concept unified tions which made for him lifelong

and gave purpose to his living. Born friends. James H. Wallis, with

into a German family devoted to the whom he served in the presidency of JUDGE HENRY H. ROLAPP

Lutheran Church—a family whose the first Y. M. M. I. A. established

only information about the "Morin Liverpool, was one of these. He came to Utah in 1 880 and was

mons"was based on the prejudiced The Anderson family lived but a ordained successively a Seventy and views of outsiders—it was difficult block or two away from the Church a High Priest. His lifelong service

for the father to accept his eldest headquarters and Brother Rolapp in Sunday School work began when son's conversion to a religion so was a constant visitor in their home. he was chosen to work in the Ogden

badly spoken of by his pastor. ComSince he was very homesick, he beFifth Ward Sunday School super -

pulsory military training made it came like one of their family. Alintendency. He often taught the

difficult for him to leave Germany, though he had received a good educlasses, telling stories which he himbut through the haze of opposition, cation in Copenhagen, he couldn't self created to fit the children's gleamed the clear light of truth. speak English. However, he found needs. When his own sons were

Courageous and devoted, with an the ten Anderson children ready adolescents, he gathered them and unusual driving force, he surmountteachers. They pointed to the their companions about him and coned all obstacles and faithful to his spoons and various foods as they ducted a reading and study class.

own convictions on November 1 1 ate, playing a kind of game, until he 1877, in his seventeenth year, Henry absorbed a fundamental knowledge HPo those who knew Judge Rolapp

H. Rolapp was baptized at Copenof the language. Sister May Anin his home life, it was not a

hagen, Denmark, a member of the derson, now President of the Gensurprise when he conceived the idea

Church of Jesus Christ of Lattereral Primary Board, remembers lisof organizing parents'classes in the day Saints. His acceptance of the tening to the wonderful discussions Church—a movement unique inGospel resulted in a separation from of President William Budge, FranChurch history—the first attempt to

his family. cis Culp, Henry H. Rolapp, John educate the parents to understand

The Man Who Loved Truth lennialNicholson,Star,thenandeditorLymanof R.the MarMil- inspiredand trainhistheconstant,child, a heartfeltproject thatdeand Served His Church tineau. The photographs of these votion. As passing time effaces the

"Erom that day, his life was a revemissionaries who labored together memory of his achievements in the lation of faithful devotion and were sent to Brother Rolapp on his Church, the last to remain will inspirational activity in the service fiftieth wedding anniversary by doubtless be his establishing and of the Church. He was ordained an Sister May Anderson, so that he promoting this great activity.

Elder in 1878 and fulfilled a twocould see all as they were in the The authorities of the Church had year mission in England, where he "heyday of youth."been considering how to secure

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1936

greater assistance on the part of acquaintance, society adopts the instinctive courtesy with and treating of him method chilin preparationparents of the charitable tobeing consideration, and of indren's lessons. while One day, eccentricities. family circle, In the his ward

conversation with David O. McKay, however, this method is seldom adopted.

then in the superintendency of the The cultivation of home acquaintanceship all, or is at consideration either given no Schools, Stake SundayOgden Judge left else, to temporary whims. moods and

that suggested beRolapp it would if children to disappointed Parents seem be an excellent thing to call all the parfail to manifest as high ideals as those atents into a convention. In 1905 the tained by older persons, wholly forgetting

the are seonly that their successes ownparents the met in Ogden Taberfailures of quences and efforts and manynacle, which crowded was apt are temptations. to the battles with They

doors. President Joseph F. Smith to upbraid their children rather than to

was the speaker and presented an show them the steps leading to perfection.

outline for parents to follow. With Parents very often fail to give children a

that beginning, parents'classes were patientdiscussionhearing,to the muchprobablyless triflinga satisfactorymatters established and spread quickly which occupy the immature minds of youth.

throughout the Church. They only see the apparent waste of time

His effort and results in this enin the consideration of children's interests.

attitude, this influence the of mental Under five for, attention,deavor wide drew parental of they attempt method by the HENRY later,years received he from a letter BEFORE H. DEPARTINGROLAPP AS FROMHE APPEAREDCOPENthe ideas dismiss authority destroy to and

Theodore Dreiser, editor of the Deconfidently brought to them for discussion. HAGEN FOR ENGLAND.

fail. temporarily they course They Of maylineator asking him to Magazine,

find that different they move in entirely still relieve voices, their youthful and maywrite articles Obligaon "Parental temptations and allurements As but they worlds. of similar annoyances, themselves

tions."This he agreed to do, and cannot stop the workings of the human make their impressions on the growing

in his reply stated that at that time mind. That still goes on, and the children boys, the parents are powerless to influence

thirty thousand parents were meetare driven to develop their ideas in solitude, their actions. Their words are then only

ing each Sunday morning, discussing likelywith probablythey will seekresultingthe counselerror ofor others,more their'wild influenceas the wavesvanished,thattheirwashthreatsno empty.shore,'

the proper relationship between who are more pleasant to associate with, Finally the parental responsibility exercised parent and child. Brother Rolapp to give them the development for which the by proxy has developed into a condition

said that in his opinion there were parents assumed primary responsibility. that produces influence only by proxy."

their that believe to "Parents have come to obstacles the mainmaintwo Rolapp's School Sunday Judge in consists responsibility only First, practical ideal oftenance home. an for intensified. serving After furwork chiltraining the of nishing so as the money real of alack acquaintance between five of years as a member the Weber moral, physical, mental, or dren, whether

parents and children, and secondly, can be transferred to someone else, and Stake Sunday School Board, he was the evil of exercising parental duties having done so, they sit down and applaud made a member of the Deseret Sunfor they superior advantages themselves the said: proxy.by He Board. School day Union Whertheir then children and given and go it is desired to secure and have "Whenever his in busiest these, traveled ever he their friends, their within sowith bemoan the friendship of acquiredkeep any newly

circles, cial the present of the genmorals years, attended he always Sunday eration. to the his visits reported School and I. Y. A. M. FIRST M. IN LIVOF THEMEMBERS

father's to secure the anxiety "In money STANDING, RIGHT:ERPOOL; LEFT TO ANSCOTT will general board. be rememHe

for ROBERTDERSON, ANDERSON, the physical the welfare WILLIAM proxy AND and for all these communities in beredPURDIE. training his child, often of a becomes he

H. RIGHT:SEATED, LEFT TO JAMES WALLIS cordiality his diplomacy. and A child other influences. to slave Parents and H. ROLAPP. HENRYAND

resolution adopted by the Deseret

Sunday School Union Board at the time of death shows the esteem in which he was regarded:

"His wide experience gave him a profound understanding of life. The knowledge and wisdom gained from this experience he shared with us to our benefit. In

our councils his voice was always heard with great interest and rapt attention. His

views were valued highly. His judgment

always accorded great weight. Consequently his influence in shaping the policies

of Sunday School work for thirty years has been farreaching."

In 1908 President Joseph F.

Smith appointed Brother Rolapp a member of the Church Auditing Committee. He was chairman of

this committee at the time of his death.

During ten of these busy years, he devoted much time to assembling a volume, Two Thousand

Gospel Quotations. Of this book

Elder John A. Widtsoe said: "I

have upon my shelf as one of the best and most used books in my pos479

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1936

session a contribution made by a state. To this latter office he was death of David Eccles he became

Brother Rolapp to the advancement reelected. His appointment to the president of the company.

of the Church work.... In the highest court of the territory came In the quest for capable and rehistory of the Church no similar from the president of the United sponsible leadership to cope with

work superior to it has been proStates. It has been said by his close economic problems resultant from

duced,"He said further that to associates, that no decision rendered the World War, the government, know the philosophy of Judge by Judge Rolapp was ever partisan under Herbert Hoover, placed

Rolapp, one only need read the heador biased. Judge Rolapp in charge of the food

ings and subheadings of his book, Indicative of his fine legal mind administration beet sugar distributwhich is in itself a skeleton outline and his ability to interpret correcting committee, with headquarters of the mighty philosophy of the Lord ly the law, was his ruling in the Koat Chicago. After the war, when the

Jesus Christ and a contribution to beet sugar industry reached a crisis, the philosophy of the Church. the beet sugar finance corporation

Climaxing the missionary efforts was formed, and he was made a of Elder Rolapp, he and Sister director. In this capacity, acting

Rolapp were called after his retirewith President Heber J. Grant, he

ment from a long and active business borrowed $14,000,000.00 from the

life to preside over the Eastern government. The loan was made

States Mission, where their spirpossible largely through the confiitual influence was farreaching and dence that W. L. Petrikin of the

their lives an inspiration to many. Great Western Sugar Company

had in these men. The money was

The Man of Business and paid back promptly, actually before

Professional Eminence it was due.

'T'he business and professional Beginning with 1914, Judge Rophase of Judge Rolapp's life delapp was president of the United fies comparison. His first business States Beet Sugar Association, a

experience came at the age of eightnational organization of beet sugar een years when he labored in the companies, and was always instruLatter-day Saints'headquarters in mental in providing assistance for

Liverpool, as printer and translator the industries and the farmers for the mission paper. He was also whose success depended on the sucof cess the companies. sugarcoeditor with H. Wallis James of MARTHA H0RR0CKS ROLAPP, WIFE OF In 1921 he again made preswas ROLAPP. HENRY H.Excelsior, published a paper monthly. ident of the Amalgamated Sugar

His initial venture in Utah was in nold case in 1896. The following Company and removed to Utah

business, but after a very short time, year the Supreme Court reversed from Denver, where he was vice he turned to the study of law. His his decision. But in 1906 the same president and general counsel of

professional life was interrupted by court reversed its own decision, the Great Western Sugar Com- a call to Arizona to act as secretary stating that Judge Rolapp's ruling pany. In 1926 he retired from the

to Apostle Erastus Snow who was had been correctly rendered. What sugar business and moved to Calisupervising the building of a railroad a matter of extreme satisfaction it fornia.

in that state. He then practiced law must have been to this thirtyfive- In addition to these business and

in Idaho for a short time and was yearold foreignborn to have his legal activities he served from 1907 admitted to the bar at Montpelier. decision finally vindicated! to 1916 as a regent of the UniverTo obtain specialized training, he After serving as District Judge sity of Utah.

entered the law school of the Unifrom 1896 to 1905, Judge Rolapp versity of Michigan and was graduretired from the bench, resuming his The Man Who Loved Home ated from that institution in 1884 private law practice for a brief peand Kindred with the degree LL.B. In November riod, then launching into an outImportant as the material success

of the same year, he entered into a standingly successful business caof Judge Rolapp was, it was seclaw partnership with C. C. Richards reer. In a short time he was hanondary to his fervor for his home,

of Ogden under the firm name of dling the affairs of numerous coras it was here that his most successRichards and Rolapp, subsequently porations in the city of Ogden. ful achievement centered. His love

changed to Richards, Rolapp, Pratt, Largely through his business asof home and kindred began early, and McMillan. From the focal point sociation with David Eccles he was for he had been in this country but

of this law firm, Mr. Rolapp's miinstrumental in building up indus- a short time, when he sent for his

ni e r o u s professional activities tries to benefit the entire state, but brother who was still in Germany.

branched, resulting in a brilliant undoubtedly his greatest business They were always the best of comcareer. achievement was in the sugar inpanions, and the same love which

He was repeatedly in public serdustry in which he became one of they had experienced in early life, vice. Successively he held the office the nation's leading figures. He did carried over into a close business

of assessor of Weber County, asmuch to promote the building of association throughout the years.

sistant county attorney, associate the Ogden sugar factory, which beLater he sent for his mother and sisjustice of the Territorial Supreme came the first unit of the Amalgater and he finally had the satisfacCourt of Utah, and first district mated Sugar Company. He was tion of seeing his family join the

judge of Ogden, assuming his judgegeneral council, secretary, and manChurch except for his father who ship the same day that Utah became ager of this corporation, and at the [Continued on page 503)

Strange roads

BY JANET BLAKE SILVER wearing dresses very short that year; ELIZABETHOPENED THEWASCARFURIOUSLYDOOR ANDANGRYJUMPEDNOW. OUT.SHE light soft materials—chiffons and

else silk the away. ninons food most had the Everybody and voiles—and reflected lizabeth JL iI lavcontainers with in dainty pastel arranged delicate shades—orchid, that the E long looked studio room little artistic lady on touches. rose, pink. so pale ender, Oh, The

very pleasant in the late afternoon pretty...."one side of me had a dainty basket

sunshine. She was almost sorry she Her voice trailed off for a minute. with real rosebuds on the handle. was going to the party—too many "I didn't think much of clothes at On the other hand was a lovely box

of late, anyway. first. The new country was enough; with satin ribbons laced around and

tonight, out "Going leaves. fresh vine food arranged Marion?"she the on green blossoms lawns—cherry

lazily. her asked roommate delicate sandwiches, in April. roses wedges I enjoyed Thin, blooming

"Yes, Richard's coming for me at the Church meetings then. Didn't of homemade cake, salted nuts in

six and we're going to his mother's take much part, but everybody was little crinkle cups, chocolates in little for supper and then to Church. Why friendly enough."silver dishes."

don't you come along?"Elizabeth rose to put some wood

Elizabeth laughed a little. on the fire, and Marion studied her JlSlizabeth laughed ner-

"Remembering my wellknown friend a little curiously. These convously and rose to wander around

prejudice against going to Church, fidences were so rare, she maintained the room a minute, and then conthat is a very foolish question, my her own silence rather than break the tinued:

dear."spell. "Nobody claimed the place op-

"But I don't really know what "I had never gone to any enterposite me. I was suddenly terribly

your objection to Church is, Eliztainment, when one Sunday the conscious of my thick, dark dress abeth. I know you and your folks Bishop announced a social. It was my heavy shoes. The lady next to

don't know I can't joined in unEngland, and girl lady's something—I to be night—every nosegay gave me a little out derstand dropped you how for so bring to what—andme said a boy. lunch herself and

completely."It sounded like fun to me. I told of rosebuds. I sneaked away finally

it didn't matter. Nobody Although both girls worked in the the lady I worked for about it. She—though

same office, it was only after they didn't know anything about it, but was looking! I had to take that

had rented this little housekeeping thought it would be a good chance wretched lunch box, because it apartment together that they disfor me to meet some young folks. wasn't mine. I met a man who mutcovered they were members of the I was so lonely."tered something about a bite to eat,

box, lunch the I emptied and and Church. same In the followed pause that Marion

for rosebuds the handed good him "It's story."a long gay, Elizto imagine popular

I measure. thought I guess he was Elizabeth her dress slipped from It didn't posseem triedabeth—lonely! crazy."a hanger. "Like Marion?"my dress, sible.

"Why, yes; that cool shade of "I went home with my heart full

on, Elizabeth "Mrs. "Well,"went loneliness. of Most It color. is just green your makes bitterness—and of the I take one suggested all loneliness! of I made up clear, skin my the Martin look your so and

touch of lace at the neck is very children's lunch boxes, and I made mind, I'd never be so humiliated

I got a big dill again. I'd show them! I took stenyouthful looking."ham sandwiches.

ice out of the at night box—didn't ography been school. I had "in pickle Elizabeth, laughed "Which,"

it, slicing gathered think about and in England. a bookkeeper I worked verging a young on twentywoman

things. lunches other were some The this finally position as hard got and eight is—sump'in."at collected door, the went and we I alsecretary Consolidated. with grave, over she Suddenly came for exercises. upstairs preliminary to to meant go back ways Church firelight a the and on by sat down all the to went Then down we I but does. guess one never Well, friend. stool her low by hall. lunches were amusement The it is all mill the over water now. have should seen "You corresponding and the dress numbered numnot have such I would made Maybe

at party in America."I wore my first at bers handed random to the boys. success if that incident a of my work

The girl talked softly with someThe lunches were all arranged on had not made me resentful and dething of an effort. "It was heavy long tables."termined."

and dark—and long. They were "I saw that awful lunch box right {Continued on page 517)

From a Painting by William Ritschel.

of The journal here present the Journal of Archer Walters, age 47,WE English craftsman and sonof a wellto-dofamily, who, in 1 856, ARCHER brought his wife, and five children between the ages of six and eighteen years, from Sheffield, England, toUtah, by boat, rail and handcart, WALTERS and who, after having fashioned unThe selftold story of a man who gave his life timely coffins in which to lay at rest for the cause of truth, and whose scores of many of his fellow travelers, himdescendants bless and cherish his memory.

self went to an early grave a fortnight after reaching Salt Lake Valley. of Los Angeles, a greatgrand- the Church Historian's office and by

Ofttimes our histories deal with daughter of Archer Walters and one data published in the Millennial broad generalities, and with the of the many descendants of this Star and the Deseret News in 1 856.

goings and comings of our leaders. man who have continued faithful to Archer Walters was born July

But here is the hitherto unpublished the Church and to the cause of 29, 1809, at Cambridge, Cambridgestory of a faithful follower whose Truth for which Archer Walters shire, England, the son of Archer daily account of weary miles and gave his life. Walters. According to Archer

privations, over land and water, was The statistical and historical facts Walters Clayton, grandson, and recently made available to The Impertinent to this account are well Mrs. Lily Clayton Wolstenholme,

provement Era by Mrs. J. R. Pettit substantiated by records found in granddaughter of Archer Walters,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1936

among this man's family were Emigration Fund in 1856. Four family, left his native land and the

numbered many clergymen and hundred thirtyone were "P. E."traditions of his fathers, to travel

doctors. In accordance with the passengers many of whom were through hardship and privation, for

custom of families who could afford later to cross the plains with handtruth and freedom on a new fronit, young Archer was taught a trade, carts; and one hundred three were tier:

in the pursuit of which he left Cam- "ordinary"passengers. The ship's

bridge and went to Sheffield where company also included the following MARCH 18TH, 1856 he met and fell in love with Harriet Elders who had been released from Left Sheffield, Yorkshire, EngCross, a charming and lovable missionary labors in Great Britain: land, by rail to Liverpool, under the

"factorygirl"whom Archer married Spicer W. Crandall, John D. T. charge of Elders Frost and McDonin 1837, the same year in which the McAllister, John A. Hunt, J. Naald. A pleasant journey and under

British Mission was opened. than, T. Porter, Edward Frost, Robtheir charge all was in good order

Because of his wife's "social inert Parker, Andrew Galloway, Wm. and all happy and rejoicing, numferiority"Archer was disinherited Heaton, Walter Granger, and Sambering 31 in all. Comfortable, with

by his family, and continued his uel Hargreaves; also Truman Leonmy wife and five children in good

residence and the pursuit of his trade ard who was returning home from health and spirits; all rejoicing in

in Sheffield. He was a carpenter, the East India Mission. The ship's going to help the building up of the

(joiner, as it is called in England) company also included a band from Lord's Kingdom in the Valleys of and in his shop window was a sign Birmingham. the Rocky Mountains.

which read "From the cradle to the The names and ages of Archer grave,"meaning that he did all kinds Walter's family are given as fol19TH of carpenter work which, in the Old lows: Harriet ( his wife ), 47; Sarah, All in good health for which I feel

Country, is often combined with 18; Henry, 16; Harriet (daughter), thankful to my Heavenly Father.

undertaking. He had a very genial 14; Martha, 12, and Lydia, 6. All went to look at the ships lying

disposition and was happy and jolly. This human document gives soulin the Waterloo Docks. The name

He and his wife became middle class inspiring insight into the kind of of the ship is "Enoch Train."Then

people, living the life of an English men and women who stood steadwent to the office, 42 Islington, to family wellto-do but not rich. fastly by the Church in early days be booked; returned to rest quite

Archer Walters (and it is preeven at the cost of life itself, and tired.

sumed his family at the same time) who left home, country and comfort was baptized into the Church of to conquer the great American Des20TH

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints ert for the privilege of worshiping Did not sleep very well, being the

September 3, 1848, by an Elder Sylin the Lord's appointed way, and upvester, and ordained a Priest April building the kingdom of Heaven. 42 ISLINGTON, LIVERPOOL, HEADQUARTERS OF

1, 1849 by Elders Dunn, Long, and IN EUROPE, CHURCH THE FOR DECADES. MANY the Journal of Archer And now IN OFFICE, THIS RICH THROUGH CHURCHLees. HISTORY, PASSAGE ARRANGED WAS the thoughts speaks Walters of an

BRITISH OF LOYAL THOUSANDS AND OTHER The sheltered life in an English English carpenter, who, with his FOR OF EUROPEAN MEMBERS THE CHURCH.

town did not prepare the family for the hardships of the journey across the plains, but Archer Walters said before leaving England: "If I can

but reach the Valleys of the Mountains, in the land of Zion, with my family, that they may grow up under the influence of the Gospel of

Christ, then I shall be satisfied, though I give my life in the effort."

TPhe ship Enoch Train on which he and his family embarked from Liverpool for Boston, March 22, 1856, carried 534 Saints including 4 1 5 adults ( 8 years and up ) 98 children (1 to 8 years), and 21 infants ( under 1 year ), representing the following countries: England,

322; Scotland, 146; Ireland, 17;

Wales, 18; and others from Denmark, America, Switzerland, Cape

of Good Hope, and East India. The

boat's skipper was Captain Henry

P. Rich. The presidency of the

company consisted of Elder James

Ferguson, president, and Elders Edmund Ellsworth and Daniel D. McArthur, counselors.

This ship carried the first emigrants for Utah by the Perpetual

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1936

first night. Rose up about 6 o'clock. no appetite. Rough breakers; sea fordshire Conference, aged 60 years.

Rations served out on the river. All wind blowing southeast east. A rough day. Ships rolled and

went on very well. Patience tried boxes rattled. Bottles upset. Bed-

a little but had no place in me. The 27TH steads broke down and cooking did

best Good Friday I ever saw in my All better except Harriet, for not please all for the saucepans uplife. A band of music on board which I thank my Heavenly Father. set in the jelly. Some scolded and

and all merry as crickets and the Wind blowing briskly after a wet some fell and hurt themselves. A

sailors and captains busy at work. night. Now 12 o'clock and all well thing to try the patience of some.

Sent a letter to Brother Harrison, and merry. Most are getting oyer Went to bed, ship rocked and rolled

Sheffield. Thus ends Good Friday. their sea sickness. A ship in sight about; did not sleep well but all night

bound for England. Trumpet the President and Captains of the

21ST sounded for prayers and we laid different wards do their best for all

Saturday 21st, rose about 6 down in peace, committing our souls and all good saints feel well.

o'clock. A child born during the to the care of our Heavenly Father.

well. Bro. F. sleepsnight. Sister 2ND the board on and came RichardsD. 28TH sister's committed body dead The all the took brethrenDoctor. The better morning and many fine A It ever I the to deep. the first was to began watch andmale names for sickness our rations sea and of I in never sea the buried and saw FerBro. with their wardsorganize vinegar; out. Salt served beef and to another. see rough day want A 4, 1, 3, 2, Pres. No. wardsguson as before. none have had Many we all day.

and 5. on deck and not many in bed. Band

played on deck; all rejoicing, etc.;

22ND songs, etc.

Sunday 22nd, Bro. Wheelock 3RDA fine morning; almost all on

and Dunbar came on board. Bro. 29T1I deck. Some few below sick. My

F. D. Richards sent us his blessings. Cold wet day; all busy cooking. family all well for which I am thankBro. Wheelock gave us some good Trumpet blew for prayers. We had ful. The band from Birmingham

instructions. Names of families a good deal of singing in the ward is playing and merrily, the ship

called oyer. 5aw confusion by a until late at night. rocking now and then sends them

man coming for his wife and chilsprawling and makes them laugh, dren. The young folks are with us. 30TH if one fell on top of another or 4 or as gate, but theI shut has he guess then together. 11 o'clock and we 5 blowing morning, wind fine A

it will she sees open she as extrasoon are water and no out of a day's three ship not the making west and her only strengthens Thisbe out. night at all, but all cooking water for the hour. wind miles hope an We place took this in This work. duringfaith Several songs happy. we are all sick but busy will change. few A Liverpool. miles or 15 10about from Messers afternoon by Mcin the the deck on cooking and many

etc. BandA beautiful day. 20 miles from afternoon. Some of the Brethren Allison, Frost, Walters,

still ship tugged untilLiverpool playing dancing and the dark and rest, to retired comspoke. We land. see no below. Trumpet Canby the steamer. went when all the into cares hands mitting our of

Bro. Wheelock left at 6 o'clock with the Heavenly Father. sounded for prayers. Slept well.

some good cheers. Sister Leasly fell and hurt herself

the night but is better this during 1ST APRIL morning.23RD the night died during A sister o'clock. All at 6 blew Trumpet HerEsther Deveruth from named and chilwifegot up as could. My

dren alt sick but I got them on deck 4TH and at 12 o'clock was all better. ToAll well. Some good boiled rice for

wards night all sick more or less breakfast but.., cried for gruel and

besides myself. mother did not like it and Sarah

grumbled, but if they grumble now 24TH what will they do before they get to

A good strong wind. The ship the Valley. Nearly 12 o'clock. The

heaved and worked and nearly all wind blowing nearly west and not sick. Very queerly myself. Got going very fast. Waves keep splashout of the Irish Channel about 6 ing on deck. Wind blowing against

o'clock. Got still on board. us. 4 o'clock going at a good speed.

Harriet crying because there is no 26TH sugar, and Sarah not well pleased

Sickness not so bad. I am better and mother scolding. Henry got

and am thankful. My wife, Henry some preserves given to him. He

and Harriet and Lydia and Sarah went to bed but was very sick. Songs

still sick. Ship going at good speed; up and down stairs. Bugle sounded

wind nearly south. Harriet very for prayers. We went to bed comsick. Rained hard towards night. mitting our souls to the care of our

All went to bed. Could eat nothing Heavenly Father and bid each other

for we had no salt nor vinegar and good night.

ship pork. eat The notwe could ( To be Continued poorly; very all night.rocked Was484—

CITIZEN A of the WORLD LOOKS AT UTAH By CARVETH WELLS

arveth Wells, "globetrotter extraordinary,"AT HOME IN MANY LANDS AND WITH MANY

PEOPLES, TELLS A COLORFUL STORY ABOUT A COLORFUL PLACE.

CARVETH WELLS

rPHis article by the distinguished portions of the United States into mountains with lovely lakes and * worldtraveler, explorer, and of one productive streams. the most and culfishing

relater been of facts has adapted for tured in regions the world. Utah owes its transformation Improvement "The Era"a radio from

address presented nationwide over No wonder Utah is known as from a desert to a region of inestimastations other and Sunday, KSL the State,""Beehive peoble for her prosperity wealth and to water, 3, 1936. citizen Wells, Mr. May of ple are not only but as bees, as busy Brigham it was Young who world, the people knows and knows

places, and he tells what he knows but they also never cease storing showed the people how to use the with truth and color. up good things for the future, not water. Close to the city is Emigramerely material wealth but great tion Canyon through which that

treasures of art, science, literature, great pioneer led the advance guard music, and all that is of great spirof the Mormons in 1847. A fine

itual value to mankind. Utah has highway now runs into this historic

going to transport you to produced some of America's greatcanyon for sixteen miles, ending at

I'mUtah, the center of scenic est statesmen not only in the past, Pinecrest. At the entrance tc the

America, where the colors of for right now you will find the state canyon is a granite monureent

Nature's masterpieces are brighter represented in some of the highest marking the spot where Brigham and more spectacular than any repositions in our government. For Young exclaimed, "This is tVe

gion on earth, even surpassing the you who love books of travel and place."

gorgeous colors of Colorado and adventure, I recommend that you the Grand Canyon itself. I only read the life of Brigham Young by Before you take any of the lovely

wish I could devote this talk to the Susa Young Gates and Leah D. drives from the city make

splendid history of the state, for the Widtsoe, and having read this fasstraight for the Temple Square and story of the Mormon Pioneers is cinating story of the great Mormon see this most interesting area with truly one of the great epics of Exodus, set your course for the a good guide, and you'll find that

America and the amazing achieveWest and hit the trail for Salt the hours slip by like minutes. That

ments of Utah's people stand today Lake City. enormous structure that looks like

as a monument to their sturdy Once you arrive at Salt Lake you a watermelon cut in half lengthAmericanism. Only the old Mormon are in the geographical center of wise is the Tabernacle. It is built

Pioneers themselves had the fore- a region that contains no fewer than entirely of wood and has the finest sight to realize that the Exodus of sixtytwo national parks;.*id naacoustics of any auditorium in the

the Latterday Saints in 1846, just tional monuments. For this reason world. When it was built, there

ninety years ao, formed a new Salt Lake City justly claims to be were no such things as iron nails epoch not only in the history of the headquarters of Scenic Ameriavailable in Utah, so this whole their Church but of the whole naca. The city itself is so clean and building was laboriously knitted totion. A great tragedy of intolerbeautiful that it has often been degether by means of rawhide and

ance has been turned into a great scribed by artists as a "sparkling wooden pegs. Eight thousand peovictory, not only for the faith of a gem in a lordly setting."On the ple can be seated comfortably under

great people, but for the whole of west side are the gleaming waters its enormous, unsupported roof.

America because they have made of the Great Salt Lake, but to the Be sure you attend the daily orthe desert blossom like a rose and north, east, and south are tremengan recital. Sit as far away from

have converted one of the wildest dous canyons and snowcapped the organ as possible and then no485

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1936 tice that ordinarysized man who looks like a midget hold his hand aloft for silence and then drop a pin. You can hear it drop and then

you realize why absolute silence is necessary if you wish to appreciate the exquisite music of this worldfamous organ.

The gem of Utah's buildings is the Temple. At the time of its construction this magnificent building

which cost well over four million dollars was over a thousand miles from civilization. It is built of solid

granite and the blocks had to be hauled by oxen twenty miles from the Little Cottonwood Canyon, the journey taking four days. Progress

was so slow that Brigham Young ordered a canal to be dug in order to carry the blocks by boat but before the canal was finished a railroad was constructed to the quarry.

However, the finished canal was then used and is still used to convey water to the city.

Only Mormons are permitted to enter this Temple—and only good

Mormons with faultless credentials at that, for it is here that the most sacred rites of the Mormon Church are performed.

One monument that you must be sure to see is the Seagull Monument, erected to the birds which miraculously saved the first crops of the Pioneers when they were being eaten by a plague of crickets.

In the southeast corner of the Temple Square is an old log cabin protected under a pergola and surrounded by an iron fence. This is

the oldest house in Salt Lake City, but just compare it with the Temple and the Tabernacle and then realize that both these magnificent buildings were constructed from local materials just as much as that old log cabin.

A drive to the State Capitol will reward you with a fine view of the THE RUSSET CRAGS OF ZION NATIONAL PARK entire city and the Salt Lake ValIf your children want one of the FROM THE WEST RIM TRAIL.

ley. Here you will see the Govermost thrilling and amusing experithe mountain, twelve thousand feet

nor's reception room with its furniences of a lifetime take them to Saltabove the sea, where they can see ture inlaid with gold... gold trimair Beach quite close to the city, America's farthest south glacier.

med draperies and chandeliers that and let them take a dip in the Great Salt Lake City is surrounded by are almost pure gold and silver... Salt Lake. It isn't necessary for some of the greatest mines in the

then for contrast see the exhibition them to know how to swim, for they world: gold, silver, copper, and

of Pioneer relics, including the first cannot possibly sink in this briny mines with many other minerals piano that had to be hauled a thouwater. If you're anxious to go trout in fact it was Abraham Lincoln

sand miles across the plains by a fishing then drive to the Grandwho said, "Utah is the treasure team of oxen. Music and Mormons daddy Lakes where you can fish house of the nation."

have always been inseparable from and camp to your heart's content.

the very earliest days when they As for scenic motoring, just drive HThe longer you remain in Salt carried a brass band to cheer them over the Alpine Scenic Highway, Lake City the more amazed on their journey into the unknown a loop trip around Mount Timpayou will be with this garden city west. Salt Lake City is undoubtednogos, and if the younger members that has risen from the desert. In

ly one of the most important muof your party want an exciting hike the springtime the air is filled with sical centres in America. let them try to climb to the top of the song of the meadowlark and

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1936

the hills are covered with wild flowmost astonishing scenery is in the for the soul. At Cedar City prepare

ers. During the warm summer southwest where the roads are not yourself for a crescendo of scenery

months the numerous city parks only excellent but where there is that will end in a smashing climax with their lovely shade trees, velone highway that is probably the in Zion National Park.

vety lawns, and flowery paths are most spectacular in the world. I A thrilling drive through deep

filled with people that are good to have driven over the Grand Corcanyons, but winding and climbing look at: vigorous men, pretty womniche Drive in the Riviera and I up and up, will bring you almost a

en, and charming children, for if have seen the lovely vistas of the mile higher than Cedar City itself.

there is one state in America where Columbia River highway in OreYou are now on the plateau of the a happy home and family life is the gon, but neither can compare with Dixie National Forest, driving on a ideal of everyone it is in Utah. the twentyfive mile drive along level road and surrounded by loveSoft cool breezes from the canthe ZionMount Carmel tunnelled ly trees, when suddenly you arrive

yons temper the heat of midsumhighway that is not only a great enat the brink of a tremendous chasm, mer, drinking fountains line the gineering wonder but one of the miles wide and half a mile deep.

sidewalks, while clear water from scenic marvels of the world. The Indians called it "the circle of

the mountains continually runs So let me suggest a definite drive painted cliffs."Artists have countthrough the streets. In winter the that will include the three most vied at least sixty distinct tints of

streets of Salt Lake City are cleanvidly colored fairylands in America, color in Cedar Breaks, and as for ed with hot water obtained from Cedar Breaks National Monument, weird formation all you need is a neighboring hot springs. Bryce National Park, and Zion Navivid imagination to see every kind

The most spectacular natural tional Park. They are all close toof subject from a Model T flivver

wonders in America both in color gether and linked by magnificent to perfect profiles of Mussolini and and form are to be found in southhighways. Visit these wonderful Mae West. Never make the misern Utah. The tremendous natural places in the order I have mentiontake of ridiculing the imagination

arches of vividly colored sandstone ed because geologists will tell you of a child for it is a sign of a are still probably the least known that Cedar Breaks is an example of healthy mind. See the "Walls of

of our national monuments, for the first stage of erosion; Bryce Jericho,"and the "Gate of the Formany of them have to be reached on Canyon is the second stage; and bidden City,"for these are the most

horseback.Bridge—thatForgiganticinstance,archRainbowhigh Zion,from Saltthe Lakethird.CityTheto driveCedar southCity famousNow formationscarry on toat BryceCedar CanyonBreaks.

enough to span the National Capiwill* be an adventure in itself. Provo and see the next stage in nature's

tol at Washington, and that looks on lovely Utah Lake will invite you great work of erosion. Once again

like a rainbow turned to stone both to stop around this thriving city. you find yourself on the edge of a

in shape and color, was only seen Carry on south into the wide vast amphitheatre that gives you by four hundred and thirty people open spaces. Towns get fewer and the impression of a great ruined

last year. Compare this with the farther apart until you soon begin city in the days of the Arabian

fiftyone thousand automobiles that to appreciate what is meant by the Nights. The Indian name again devisited Grand Canyon during the great abiding peace that is so good scribes it perfectly: "A-bowlshap-

same year. edcanyon-filledwith-red-r o c k s -

Fortunately for motorists Utah's NATURAL BRIDGE NEAR FRUITA, UTAH (Concluded on page 513)

(bdttonal

Warning to Church TRemhers itsdisruptinghand intothethenormalsanctityrelationshipof the familyof circleparentitself,and "Kith great regret we learn from credible child, all in a manner unknown and unsanctioned under the Constitutional guarantees under which sources, governmental and others, that a few we in America live. Such interference would be

Church members are joining directly or indirectly, contrary to the fundamental precepts of the Gosthe Communists and are taking part in their acpel and to the teachings and order of the Church.

tivities.

Communism being thus hostile to loyal AmeriThe Church does not interfere, and has no incan citizenship and incompatible with true Church tention of trying to interfere, with the fullest and membership, of necessity no loyal American citifreest exercise of the political franchise of its memzen and no faithful Church member can be a Combers, under and within our Constitution which the munist.

Lord declared: "I established... by the hands of

wise men whom I raised up unto this very purWe call upon all Church members completely pose,"and which, as to the principles thereof, the to eschew Communism. The safety of our divineProphet, dedicating the Kirtland Temple, prayed ly inspired Constitutional government and the welshould be "established forever."fare of our Church imperatively demand that Communism shall have no place in America.

But Communism is not a political party nor a political plan under the Constitution; it is a system

of government that is the opposite of our Constitutional government, and it would be necessary to destroy our government before Communism could be set up in the United States.

Since Communism, established, would destroy The First Presidency.

our American Constitutional government, to support Communism is treasonable to our free institutions, and no patriotic American citizen may beoJne Lise of (gospel Standards come either a Communist or supporter of ComProfoundly important to the Church and to the munism. world are the two messages recently issued by

To our Church members we say: Communism the First Presidency of the Church: the one deis not the United Order, and bears only the most signed to take Church members off public relief

superficial resemblance thereto; Communism is rolls; the other ( above printed ) a warning against

based upon intolerance and force, the United Orinsidious propaganda for lawless government. By

der upon love and freedom of conscience and acthese documents the Church is again making histion; Communism involves forceful despoliation tory; is again giving evidence of the presence and

power of divine inspiration. and confiscation, the United Order voluntary consecration and sacrifice. Overwhelmed and bewildered by the material

gifts of the age, men question the sufficiency of the

Communists cannot establish the United Order, ancient moral code. In their confusion, clear thinknor will Communism bring it about. The United ing is vanishing, though some things should be

Order will be established by the Lord in His own evident enough: the automobile cannot abrogate

due time and in accordance with the regular prethe command "Thou shalt not steal,"nor can the scribed order of the Church. radio still the voice of conscience.

Furthermore, it is charged by universal report, Latterday Saints should find no difficulty in which is not successfully contradicted or disprovdistinguishing between truth and error, right and ed, that Communism undertakes to control, if not wrong, even under our changing physical life, in indeed to proscribe the religious life of the people the midst of the flood of new knowledge and inliving within its jurisdiction, and that it even reaches vention. The Gospel is a guide to conduct, a chart

for life's voyage, a set of ideals by which every The principle of free agency leads directly to an proposition may be measured. Latterday Saints equally useful, derivative principle. The Lord, who

should test every new offering by Gospel standconceived the plan of salvation for man's good, ards. That is one of the high opportunities does not compel men to accept it. It is taught to

within the Church of Jesus Christ. mankind here and will be taught to them hereafter;

For example, the right of free agency is fundait may be accepted or rejected. Thus, man climbs,

mental in the Gospel structure. Man should alwith God's help, but by his own effort, up the road

ways be left free to accept or to reject. There to eternal joy. This firm expression of selfhelp

should be no interference with the human will. If, should be the warp to the woof of man's every act.

under the eternal law, man chooses right, he is When economic distress comes, the ways and rewarded; if he chooses unwisely, he brings punmeans of selfhelp should be given first consideraishment upon himself. This doctrine was fought tion. Each man must do all he can to help himself

for and established in the Great Council held in out of the difficult situation in which he finds himthe heavens before the earth was made. self. When this is done, the group to which he

This principle may be used in evaluating the belongs may ask itself if further opportunity for merit of many social, economic, and political offerthe man's selfhelp should be provided. Such selfings of the day. Communism, Fascism, and Nazihelp, first by the individual, then by the immediate

group, moving hesitantly beyond the individual andism may be judged by this principle—whatever

endangers to the least degree man's right to act for his circle for further help, is the opposite, the himself is not of God and must be resisted by negative, of charity. According to the Gospel

Latterday Saints. The deep meaning of a constandard, it is by selfhelp, material and spiritual,

stitutional form of government is that those who that man rises toward his divine majesty. To this

live under it shall determine its laws and policies, ideal, the Church is rallying its members in its and, then, knowing the consequences, be left free social security program.

to obey or disobey the law. It is this doctrine of Every presentday offering and our every deman's right to freedom that runs through the mescision, must be tested by Gospel standards. That

sage above published. is the urgent need of the A. W. day.—/.

under the Constitution; it is a system of government that is

the Constitutional opposite of it would our government, and destroy to necessaryeomment on \ sOmmumsme< be before communism our Constitution

TpHE foregoing statement on Communism by the could be set up in the United States. Since communism,

First Presidency of the Church has been reestablished, would destroy our American constitutional govceived thankfully and with fervent approval, both ernment, to support communism is treasonable.'

all, first is to end. preachment, of "Communistic means a anwithin the Church, and without Americans by who

It essential in step established the governis an of overthrowlove America. resultant of the Typical reactions

is back. the people there disarmed are Once no turning

editorial is an which in appeared 8, 1936, July tolerates slaves force, rule of under no which become a the ment.They

Salt Lake Tribune, a newspaper published by ininterference or resistance, be it peaceful or violent. Russia is

terests not of our Church. At the suggestion of the outstanding example of an enslaved people. The roseate

forgotten, promises revolution held are the out to accomplish Grant, Era's Improvement The President Heber J.

the fanciful ideals are designing repudiated the rule of a and editorial theEditorin-Chief, referred to is here is leadership absolute. made

reproduced in full:

"Established communism endures no criticism of its course.

"Enemies Within Our Gates"Such activities as the Mormon Church warns against would "There is both reason and logic in the recent pronouncebe punishable as treason in Russia. Only the other day,

will Stalin declared Joseph that Soviet the avoid any Union ofment stateagainst Church communism. the Mormon The

electoral the system under defeat could party which any religious thanment is more of a a because document it warns its place. take government the and should American Why life. that drives the menace at very foundations of American

tolerant people their gates? be the of within more enemies in nothing has theCommunism with Church common Mormon

Constitutional the hold guarantees they should of out Why other, this or this other, any government or or people any to destroy government to them? and seek men who women is It other. religion, to any to to freedom, an enemy and

allegiance principles to should consubscription not or Why civilization.

ceived and designed to destroy the Constitution be sternly "The warning of the First Presidency is timely and to the punished?

It point. distinguishes enterprise communistic between and

burglars. to not the do our abandon homes more "We No free political discussion within the Constitution. the of bounds

tolerate should activities the those to of seek destroy we who It recites forcibly that serfis not freedom but communism of the civilization, foundations Constiour our and homes the not dom, of political rights exponent the for people, new tutional traitors trust government. Spies our of and the but of existing governmental enemy guarantees to them.

are gloves. government handled without should any toWhythe says: statement "The

consideration more be shown those who would destroy the itself?""'Communism is not a political party nor a political plan government

ItiimOn

Death Claims One More Pioneer of 1847 "\T17hen Mrs. Mary Theodosia Savvv age Wilcox of Thornton, Idaho,

passed away on May 30th, 1936, the number of surviving Pioneers of 1847 was cut to ten. Mrs. Wilcox was

born February 28, 1847, as her parents were journeying toward Salt Lake valley from Kirtland, Ohio. With her

parents she was one of the earliest settlers of Lehi, Cedar City, and Bear

Lake valley. On August 23, 1865, she

married John D. Wilcox at Paris,

Idaho.

l. d. s. institute and seminary staff MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME

ARRIVED JUNE 1, 1936—DEPARTED JUNE 11, 1936

Institute and Seminary WilmsFirstBurtenshaw,row, left Thomasto right:Hardy,ClaireCallisCraner,A. Caldwell,Elva Killian,Nelda LeonaM. Bills.Draper, Letitia Gibbs, Marie T. Anderson,

A pproximately one hundred leaders John SecondH. Taylor,row, Rulonright J.to Holman,left: La KennethVar H. D.Whittaker,Brown, JohnStanfordS. Alley.J. Taylor, Eva Esplin, Beryl Mecham, President

Irvine, Virginia Stuart, Louis Knight, right: Margeurite left A. Andrew, Third Ward, Donald row, Mae to* assembled education religious in

Laird. Flint Rulon E. Madden, Frances DeMars, in Salt De Cavina discussion instructionfor Farr, Anderson, and left: Peterson, Smith Joseph Morris H. Smith, right row, H. Ray D. Lynn Fourth M. to

Harris, Als Foote. Dewey F. Sundberg, Burgon, Horace Passey, John W. W. 4 to from June 11 inCity JuneLake

left Brady, Melvin rght: L. Neerings, Fenton C. Tyler, Austin Pierce Nelsen, L. Clark Fifth to row,

of convention special during aclusive Glade. Benjamin H. Hammond,

the L. D. S. Institute and Seminary Sixth row, right to left: Edward Erekson, Lynn A. Argyle, Nathan W. Buckwalter, Arnel Dastrup.

Staff conducted under the direction of ARRIVED JUNE 15, 1936—DEPARTED JUNE 25, 1936

Dr. Frank L. West, Church CommisFirst row, left to right: Ernest R. Jensen, Ruth Ursenbach, Bernice Reid, LaVon Marquardson, Frances

sioner of Education, assisted by Dr. M. Davis, Ann Clayson, June J. Huskinson, Udell Anderson.

Lynn Bennion, Supervisor of SemiPresidentSecondJohnrow,H. leftTaylor,to right:R. FerrisWilliamBunker, P.RobertBuys, A.LamarPrice. Larson, Seth H. Young, Sister Rachel G. Taylor,

naries. Many distinguished educators Third row, left to right: Charles W. Brown, Julius A. Leetham, Aruthur C. Porter, Stephen E. Grover,

and Church leaders addressed the group Chris FourthF. Allred,row,Kennethleft to L.right:Cannon,ReedL. ArvidB. Berrett,Dodge, GrantRaymondCatmull,H. Goodwin.Erland Johnson, S. LeVan Kimball, Walter

during the eightday gathering. MeetRoderic Lewis, Alton D. Merrill, F. Lorin Bunker.

ings were held in the Church Office Fifth row, left to right Ferrill Catmull, S. Wayne Rey, Florence Malmberg, Richard S. Clark.

Building.

New Mutual Improvement Board Members Chosen '"The general Boards of the Mutual * Improvement Associations have chosen several new members to help carry the work forward. Those chosen for the Young Men's Board are:

Aldon J. Anderson, Werner Kiepe,

J. Edwin Nelson, Arthur Peterson, Dr.

L. A. Stevenson, and T. Frank Williams. The appointees to the Young

Women's Board are: Aurelia Bennion,

Lucile T. Buehner, Polly R. Hardy,

and Freda Jensen. All of these people

are wellqualified to render effective service in Mutual Improvement work.

Aaronic Priesthood Meet A meeting to consider the proper ** keeping of the Sabbath Day was held in the Tabernacle on Sunday,

June 28, 1936. More than twothirds

of the 5,000 people present were young men holding the Aaronic Priesthood.

Hawaiian Islands

'T'here are more than 14,000 mem- *- bers of the Church in these Islands.

DAY'S END LOST MUSIC LIFE HOLDS LOVELINESS

By Helen Mating By Clara Aiken Speer By Catherine E. Berry

doubt, wild loveliness enough child, for holds no us T ife was a lake, the milky the opaque wayAbove *-J lute to handstrung twang; a for pain, compensate To that I With line the of trees through Shows

silhouette Simple and crude were the words I knew; The silver of the moon at night,

Against the sky. The campfire's gold lights Untrained was the voice that sang. The jeweled drops of rain.

play filled the of brooks flowers, soughing was fragrant Yet with Gardens in my jet like features, a flickering ourUpon songs, sunset's hue, flaming The in shadowed lamplight dim and someOf birds, of the of greet that birds cadences songs The And the dawn, street. faith heart love blue. were sky's deep and sapphire in my And The to turns far things talk musing onOur in artless words. And my thought. for need, our crying Beauty

These quiet starlit moments are more sweet Then you who said you were my friends Sheer loveliness to hold,

Than many others that the hours have Enrolled me in a school And the sweet release of Death brought. Where my voice was tempered and refined When our days are told.

There is a calmness in the starry night Like a microscopic tool.

That stirs our dreams. The peaceful mo-

.. You races. ment gave me a lyre which was fashioned AH, WASTE NO PITY by the ofBright. campfire glow, and embers

light A dean with delicate art, By Hazel Granger Madill

The contours of our happy dreaming faces. You taught my hands a smooth technique—

But you gave me an empty heart. 7V h, waste no time in pity or regret.

blind see longer and ** That can no I am faith, eager laughed away You my skies; blue deepening nor of summer The blundering. love seem Made fret, PRAYER that lips are mute: not blame me my O their flowers flaunt for hues That no more

I sing. to have song no Davison Miller By Queena me.

tears that I shall never shed no know, And

Prayer is like a summer shower field Again, the of beauty a greening

Bringing to the sunparched flower Or tree; or watch a campfire's cameo

Nourishment for dying root, Of nightthings... all so brilliantly reStrength for wilting leaf and shoot. vealed.

Prayer is like a summer night But pray, instead, that I will always keep

After day's long weary flightThe beauty of these things within my mind;

Shelter for a quiet nest, And let no wintry blast of rancor creep

Gleam of stars on wings at rest. Into my heart with blighting thoughts unkind.

Prayer is like a secret place Oh, pray, that I may keep them ever green,

Where I see my Father's face; And learn to sing of beauty, though unseen.

Peace and love and strength for task

He will grant if I but ask.

SUNDOWN BY THE SEA By Ethel Romig Fuller THE SOWER I LOVE THE HILLS all alone, By James Casto By Merling Dennis Clyde ** A slip of a girl, a walking path Am hills; the love of seeds took a bag sower motherof-pearl—Of

call to wind, I They cast to the me wanton them And trail shimmeringA A insistent urge sweet flinging flowersCarelessly With and weeds, laid has sun The over them wander and come kind. of color orRegardless To the of the surf fringe At

to in there purge peace rain, the gentle sent And downThen God to For wade. me

soul. aching all life again; toCalling them My I, all alone!

strength their quiet surrounds that seed sown, WhereFor every he had gull, for But a steps are led, his weary grown. has house a plantAround My to disturb None

I at their lay burdens And my beautiful feet This comforted. life's there long, journey youth began And amA of dusk Moment

lightly the alongTripping way, the roseflecked By seahills; the I love song; joyous blithesome heart andWith and waves Winds

call to say, he'd They kindly a wordHere me—For company.

columbine. of white perform. act thoughtless With aThere I'm glad, oh, I'm glad

the wind. of scent pine form. upon withered With with aged manAn I I, That am vine is Tendrils and for of deed, moss reaping deed nowHe Bareheaded, barefooted,

life Cling, drawing for flower, weed. for and weedFlower by. And nobody

sturdy. things other more From

And I, too, find release From binding cares where those staunch old A PRAYER hills ILLUSION

Close round in gentle peace. By Leila Marler Hoggan

By Winifred Montgomery In solitude I wander there; Tn winter's cold, in summer's heat we toil

HThe stars press so close My crowding heartthrobs dimmed * Through the long stretches of the day.

* On this summer night By rushing waterfall Dear Lord, give us bread, we pray.

I will reach up While luring breezes whisper wistfully

And sift them through my fingers Caressingly And if our task be worthy of the hire

Like sand—In cadent melodies Our measure full and true,

Well, I might! Through hills that softly call. Dear Lord, may we not have roses, too?

The story of our Hymns By GEORGE D. PYPER

General Superintendent of the Deseret

Sunday School Union and a Member of the Church Music Committee

GEORGE D PYPER IV. (y L/e lliouritatfis uttgh

By CHARLES W. PENROSE

was in the afternoon of a hot IT day in July. Salt Lake City "lay

sweltering in the summer's sun."

But some five thousand feet higher, at the head of Cottonwood Canyon, only a few miles distant, cool breezes were blowing from the snowcapped peaks of the Wasatch, as a genial group, seeking refuge from the heat, gathered before a crackling pineknot fire in a Brighton cottage.

Among the guests were the late

Presidents Joseph F. Smith and

Charles W. Penrose. The subject

of the conversation was the hymns written by Brother Penrose and he was asked to relate the circumheels too. I had been promised that if I enemies; his faith in God who would

ofstances under which them year field some another in mission the stay would feet strengthen her her cause and cry the was released. That I should written. gladly be respondedwere He figuratively to tread the of on necks will Penrose, if you 'Brother year: every high, there in the "mountainsand silver her foes gold will see whose and year, another we labor and blue clear the arches over stay skywhere Zion.'But to to go released that are fair you should her head; his faith adorn

told free"vales ofthe the the he course it years. ten for Of over kept up in Zion, the deliverance of in the

the about I heardstories origin of the of his Zion and about read hymns. had of defeat her oppressors the and clear the with City, streets Salt of Lake occasion, the another on On ultimate people. triumph of street, God's the side of of each water streams on

sixtieth of birthday President He- I see could trees, on. so all and shade with Like of President Penrose's

hisber wife I he and that Grant it eye, composed so in mind's J. and my in songs, other with common many

road, the I along and walking song as was entertaining the Generalwere Auhymns, "Mormon"MounYe "O ditty, Minset to Scotch 'O a tune—thethorities that of the Church. On tains to of the sung High"one was those Lea'; the o'er nie, Minnie, Come itO all the exception with oneday to I got opening words. the popular were tunes of the day. When The

written those rendered werehymns in held Essex the called place we Mundon author Minnie, Minnie, names "O O I meeting that in meeting, cottage and a Penrose. one Charlesby The W. to the as the O'er one Lea"Come it it sung. first ever for time the was sangexception, favorite R. of a John it first as adapted. which But was to a adapted the were course words Of present, was wasWinder who it then, is to been sing Zion person of that the never tune had who we now

Arrayed These Are in it very a"Who changed afterwards in but was S. "Lily Dale."H. Thompson's

to fit people slight had or two, respect Grant's President who sungWhite?"by first the song pubwas When It fnspiraSaints. the gathered with was of singing thedaughter. Before its lished, in it instantly 1856, took President Brigto please tional seemed and interthe Penrose's songsBrother the place Young."popular most among ham hymns

esting stories of their origin were of the Church; and within two years

again related. Here is the story of With President Penrose's graphic it played a leading part in one of the

"O Ye Mountains High,"in the recital in mind, the hymn needs little most thrilling scenes of Church hisauthor's own words. Said President or no analysis. It tells its own story tory. When Johnston's army was

Penrose:—the poet's vision of the mountains in Echo Canyon, on its way to Salt

and valleys of Zion and his intense Lake City, a Peace Commission, written High"was "O Ye Mountains in longing to be there; his love for consisting of Governor L. W. published 1854, along aboutsomewhere

1856. I was walking on a dusty road in Zion's "glad tidings"in spite of the Powell of Kentucky and Major Ben

Essex. My toes were blistered and my ridicule and the revilings of her McCullough of Texas, was sent to

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1936

Utah, arriving at Salt Lake City in fourth verses should be revised.June, 1858. In one of the tense They were, respectively—"On the

meetings (June 11th) the Commisnecks of thy foes, thou shalt tread,"sioners presented their message. and "The Gentiles shall bow 'neath

Brigham Young responded and the Thy rod."

outlook for peace seemed favorable. On one occasion President Heber

Edward M. Tullidge, in his History J. Grant said to Brother Penrose:

of Salt Lake City, tells what fol- "Brother Penrose, when you pass lowed: away, with your permission I'd like

to lines."those change two He recharacter, Rockwell-known O. P. "A

plied, will right."be all "That thewell, exseen to enter, approach was

Governor and whisper to him. He was Just how fairminded nonMor-

from the Mormon army. There was at mons feel about these lines is indisensation, foronce a it was appreciated cated in the following circumstances

unexpected and imbrought somethat he portant news: Brigham arose, his manner gleaned from an interview by the

selfpossessed but severe: writer with President Heber J, Grant

"'Governor Powell, are you aware, sir, on June 30, 1936:

that those troops are on the move towardthe City?'In 1921 or 1922 Mr. Fred W.

"'It cannot be,"exclaimed Powell, surShibley came from New York repreprised, 'for we were promised by the Gensenting the bankers to whom the eral that they should not move till after this UtahIdaho Sugar Company was inmeeting.'CHARLES W. PENROSE

"'I have received a dispatch that they debted $7,000,000. The terrible

are on the march for this City. My messlump in the price of sugar from

senger would not deceive me.'$14.00 to $5.00 and the slump in

to the thunderclap "It Peace like a was sales, to lose the caused company Ye Mountains High O offer explaCommissioners: could they no a of vast Shibley money. came sumnation. By CHARLES W. PENROSE to situation over, out the look and ''Is present?'inquired Brother Dunbar

report a very favorable on the mountains high, where the madeBrigham.''Yes, sir,'responded the one called. OYEclear industry. blue sky of the sugar final triumph

coming was now? "What over vales the Arches the free, of Shibley President took Grant Mr. "Zion".'''Brother sing Dunbar, the breezes pure blow Where to Emigration dinner and the up Canyon songster Scotch forward and came "The clear streamlets flow,sang—'O Ye Mountains High,'etc."How I've longed to your bosom to Pinecrest Inn. While coming downat

flee! Emigration Canyon in the automoTn an article published in the Relief O Zion! dear Zion! land of the free, bile the President sang "O Ye

mountain own my Now home, unto Mountains High"and "Come, Society Magazine, Volume 8, I thee have come page 246, it was stated that the song All my fond hopes are centered in Come, Ye Saints."Upon the Pressung at the meeting with the Peace thee. ident's finishing "Come, Come, Ye

Saints,"said: Shibley "Mr. Mr.Commissioners was the Mormon

that of Grant, give a copy mebattle hymn "Up! Awake Ye DeTho'beautiesthe greatdespise,and the wise, all thy

fenders of Zion!"a much more milTo the humble and pure thou art hymn."

itant song than "O Ye Mountains dear; The next day the President took

the smile Tho'haughty and may that noticing to Brighton, the him andHigh,"have one that would and revile, wicked Gates Lucy was visitBowen Emma appropriate highly to the ocbeen love tidings to hear. thy glad Yet we

casion; but in the same magazine, O Zion! dear Zion! home of the free, ing with her mother in the cabin next

high. chambers on to their cabin. Shibley Brother and article, stating it this correctedrose

Yet we'll share joy and sorrow with were also A. Widtsoe Sister John error; thatwas an Ye Mountains "O thee.

High,"called "Zion"was the song present. President Grant said:

sung by Brother Dunbar. "Up! In thy mountain retreat, God will "Emma Lou, please sing for Mr.

strengthen feet; thy High.'Shibley Mountains 'O Ye of Zion,"he Ye DefendersAwake thy Without fear of foes thou shalt I for last night, sang it but I him that time,wrote, written about "was tread;

but was not sung in Utah until a And their silver and gold, as the would like him to hear it sung by later date."It was published in the Prophets have told, somebody who knows how to sing."

Millennial Star in 1861. Shallhead.be brought to adorn thy fair She turned to the President and

The song deeply impressed the O Zion! dear Zion! home of the free, said, "Of course you want me to sing

Peace Commissioners and after sevSoon thy towers shall shine with a only two verses."

divine, splendor life,eral stormy sessions a peaceful solueternal thy glory shall be. He replied: "Not on your Andtion of the war was agreed upon. give him all four verses."

The army passed through Salt Lake Here our voices we'll raise, and we'll When she finished singing, Pressing praise, to thyCity, rested temporarily the west on it Shibley, ident said: "Mr. Grant

Prophets home of the of God; then Sacred of thebanks Jordan River, and me, the shocked you for must have is deliv'rance nigh, thy Thy opestablished Camp Floyd on the west pressors shall die, President of the Church of Jesus

side of Utah Lake. And thy land shall be freedom's Christ of Latterday Saints, to sing

abode. against of prejudice the clouds to you, the Savior's when that hymn As

land free, dear Zion! of the O Zion!the cheek, the other to turn people disappeared are Mormon and In all we'll temples thy bend, thy teachings

misunderstandings were cleared up rights we'll defend, and love your enemies. I have arit occurred to many of our own peoAnd our home shall be ever with thee. ranged with the author of the hymn,

ple that two lines in the third and {Concluded on page 514)

Exploring the Universe By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

""Vou are just as old as your nose is 11"ilk could be divided and each part f* orillas beat their chests not as a "long,"might almost be said. Dr. A made into a different cheese, Emchallenge but because of nervous

Hrdlicka has found that some features mental, Roquefort, Limburger, and excitement. They don't roar, they

of the head never cease to grow. The Cheddar, which differ radically in taste bark, and prefer to shuffle along, with

ears get larger, the nose gets longer and and appearance. Cheesemakers could a good part of their weight on the

broader, and the mouth stretches wider make these different cheeses from the knuckles of their hands, since they are throughout life. same milk by varying the methods of too clumsy to climb very much. Carl

curing and ripening the cheese. Tem- E. Akeley, though he repeatedly experature, salting, humidity, and kind posed himself, was never attacked by

A married man has a better chance of microorganisms can be varied. a gorilla. They merely looked at him

'** of long life than a single man acwith a tolerant curiosity.

cording to the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company. '*X Tail Jewel in the Lotus,"the most

* A popular Tibetan religious exTiyfiNUTE relatives of the crabs, fungi, pression has been found in many places mosses, and algae have been taken "Cootprints and fingerprints are now in Tibet. Recently an American exfrom the soil in northern Siberia where

*- used in a hospital of Oak Park, pedition discovered it carved in an ice they have been frozen for several

Illinois, to prevent mixups of the newlybridge on the Upper Yangtze River. thousand years, thawed and given a

born. The print of the palm of the chance to grow. The algae began to

foot of the baby is placed on a card grow first, followed by the other forms with the mother's fingerprints. A camera small enough and so comof life; several hundred specimens have

pact that it can be pushed down been reared. The flesh of the Ice Age

the throat into the larynx, to take films mammoth carcasses found in this reTn the British Museum of Natural Hisof the vocal cords in action, has been gion in Siberia is edible and in good

A tory there is preserved a grasshopinvented by two Viennese investigacondition. The leaves in the stomachs

per about four inches long, with its tors. The camera carries its own light are so wellpreserved that botanists can

prey, a mouse about two and onehalf bulb. After the exposure is made the easily identify them.

inches long, not counting the tail. It surgeon pulls the camera out and dewas caught in Africa many years ago. velops the film.

A "key"has been found which will ** make transcription of ancient

T)robably our largest insect is the TJTailstones as large as thirteen and Greek shorthand possible. A papyrus

* "walking stick"of the East Indies, a half inches in circumference have giving many of the shorthand signs and measuring about a foot long and two fallen in the United States, some have the equivalent words in ordinary Greek inches wide. Though ferocious in apweighed twice as much as a baseball. characters has been found in the Britpearance, it is entirely harmless. Stones of this size will kill not only ish Museum.

rabbits and pigs but even cattle. To

prevent hail there were at one time in

'"'unearthed in Athens. The ballots"D eplacinging fingera highlywith a valuablerelativelybutuselessmissshotItaly at10,000the cloudshail cannons,to preventwhichhail werefrom "Dallots of old elections have been

toe has been accomplished by a Rusfalling. used were scraps of broken clay dishes

sian surgeon. and were usually not to put men in

power but to keep them out. "One

T)lants which do not usually blosvote against Aristides!"

Thresh ripe fruits, fresh garden vege- * som until spring have been forced tables, salads, cereals, milk of good into bloom by Christmas by treating sanitary quality, and milk products satwith ethylene chlorohydrin. Ethylene 'T'ermites, the ant relatives who ruin

isfy the hunger while adding but little on the green rind of ripe citrus fruit A much timber by eating out the into heat production. They are therechanges the color to the normal lemon side without any change in the surface,

fore good for hot weather. or orange color which as far as the have been found in every state in the

purchaser is concerned indicates ripeUnion.

ness.

Tt takes longer to digest food at higher

A altitudes. Fifty per cent more time ne out of five will die of some formis required to empty a stomach at TLTeuum may be used to prevent "the O of heart disease.

Pike's Peak than at sea level. * bends"or caisson disease which

affects workers exposed to air at high pressure as deep sea divers. When the Animals disinfect their wounds by

'TPhe skin is more sensitive than the workers come into normal air pressure * constant licking. Bacteria when

* best mercuryin-glass thermometers the nitrogen taken into the blood at added to the saliva of animals fail to which scientists can make. This exhigh pressure forms bubbles in their thrive.

tremely high heat sensitivity of the skin veins. Inert helium may be better than

may explain, according to Science nitrogen because it is less soluble in their stings only that use bees 'sixth'sense wherePacifist Letter, "the blood.News

"* in person another provocation of extreme under presence haveby the the dark is made known."been produced by special breeding.

"NTost of the expeditions sent by various countries to take photographs

A sponge which rivals the natural and make observations of the recent I"IP cancer is caused, about ninety per ** sponge has been made from highly eclipse of the sun in Russia had fa- '""'cent, by smoking, especially from purified wood and cotton cellulose. vorable weather. a pipe.

Moving mountains

By WALTER L BAILEY

a >vA:mKBm

CONCLUSION THEN SUDDENLY HE SAW THE FORM OF OLD

SPIKE STAGGER EVER SO SLIGHTLY. A CREEPY

PASSED THROUGH BOB'S BODY. WHAT Chapter Six—Plunging Ever old Spike's face wore a deep CHILLIF OLD OUT? SPIKE PLAYED Southward troubled look, but the old engineer

maintained his usual silence. weary himself to follow, Bob watchOnce or twice, without stopping ed the engineer's form climb slowly

came sudthe procession, Bob reached forward to the top of the ridge. He saw

denly to Bob. sled from lifted a Dan's up on box his bed and He sat sit drop to his sled and humped Dan

itof boxes dazedly. about M.orningand gazed and placed own. on his He noin silent exhaustion. cold was The

He unwound the blankets from his ticed a decided increase in Dan's terrible. Bob shivered. He saw old

body, moved to the cave's entrance, pace. But now his own load dragSpike drag himself to a leaning poand pulled back the blanket. Icy air ged sorely on his already overtaxed sition on top of the ridge and scan

struck his face. muscles. He pulled on and on, howthe ocean floor on the opposite side. Without, all was still. The storm ever—forward, ever forward across But Bob knew what he was seeinghad blown over and the sun was the icy ocean floor. Bob's legs beice, ice, endless stretches of deadagain trying to pierce the haze which gan to ache, his breath became white ice. Miles and miles of it,

still wrapped the Arctic. The ocean short, quick gasps, still he kept on and they were already exhausted.

had frozen over again with new ice and on, until his very brain seemed Again Bob shivered, not so much while they slept. Huge piles of old numbed. from cold as from the grim realizaice could be seen everywhere, stackThen suddenly he saw the form tion that nothing lay ahead of them

ed where the gale had hurled it. of old Spike stagger ever so slightly. but ice, with final starvation and

Bob turned to wake his compan- A creepy chill passed through Bob's death. They were not equipped to

ions, but found them already climbbody. What if old Spike played fight their way across this icy world.

ing out of their blankets. Without out? What would become of them? He sank wearily to his sled.

much talk, they ate, made crude He was the only one who could lead His tired eyes rested on the back sleds out of provision boxes, and, them out of this! of Dan's humped figure seated on

loaded to capacity, started southBob watched closely as they the sled directly ahead of him. It

ward along the ocean floor, dragging trudged on. Again old Spike seemed funny that Dan had nothing

the heavy sleds behind them in wavered, this time more pronounced. to say. It was not like Dan to sit

silence. But he straightened up again and in silence. But then Bob realized

For hour after endless hour they moved slowly on, only to come to that he himself had nothing to say.labored on—southward, ever southan entire halt before he had taken Somehow he preferred to sit in

ice. the steps more. a dozen than across onceward Bob saw the More to silence corresponding

until in lead, stagger engineer theold Spike, was veteran was who he silence—athe stillness of the desolate drab

forced to shift provisions from Dan's almost fell, then he slowly disenscene about him. The dull, hazy

sled to his own to lighten the youth's tangled himself from his sledropes sky was bleak, still. Not even a

load. But even then Dan lagged. and without a word to either boy, breeze stirred over the endless

His strength was not equal to this moved forward toward a ridge of stretches of deadgray ice.

strain. ice several dozen feet ahead. The

Bob, bringing up the rear, was ridge rose eight or ten feet above Ihe figure of old Spike continually kicking the back of his the ocean's floor. could be seen sprawled on the ridgepal's lagging sled. He noticed that With grave misgivings and too (Concluded on page 515)

J)nMe The Psychology of Dealing Sports for Recreation

IntraStaff of the (Written by the PeopleWith relaxation time is one of Summer the of Sports Departments White, Macmillan Com- (Wendell overly mural been have who lor many pany, San Francisco, 1936.) active during the winter months. University of Michigan, A. S.

Schools dismiss; businesses offer vaBarnes and Company, New York,

IITendell White, assistant professor cations to employees; winter routine 1936.) *"at the University relaxation the changes. in psychology With may

in the kinds a "let living come down"states "Successful Minnesota,of of HPhis* readingbooksincewill it provedeals withstimulatingpracactivity recreation. followed for peoability withnecessitates deal to

tically activity known. and every game is rack with works book crowded The offers feels thatple."psychology He

states: in In will introduction, aid spending the which Yost your you Mr. techniquespractical which methods and

.. wisely. evenings days is and life /or supreme Sports "Sport effective in ourwill us "more make

if recreation misnomer count Recreation your be.a for would Make relationships."human to something in the adding is as way of inferred 'recreation'narrowly Dealing With Psychology The of alertness physical your mental and time. spare But simply of the use

is full suggesso of workablePeople life. merely Don't and of for for develhealth, sports are also

it for availabletions should kept be it kill to death! time—workawareness satisfaceffort, for for of opment, joy reference. frequentready The and

sociability tion for in achievement, and effectiveillustrations the used show there fellows."you one's with And appeal in ofness an language making

in thoseto the best with whom we haveation.an M.answerC. ]. for a definition of recreassociate. /. C. M.

Youth's Work in the New World Hobbies for Everybody (T. Otto Nail, Association Press,

(Edited by Ruth Lampland, Harper New York, 1936.)

and Brothers, New York, 1934.) HPhis symposium dealing with the

found of kinds various to be work invigorwith today world comes"*A ofthoroughlyhobbies of delightfulnoted people,collectionthis inA the book will act as a stimulus for each one ating directness from the people who of us to get a hobby at once. What is have been successful in the fields which

a hobby to one person becomes a vocathey treat. Dr. William J. Mayo,

tion for someone else. Consequently, worldfamed surgeon, gives his reac-

"a hobby is not merely a way of using tion to the opportunities which lie in leisure. It is a vital, necessary outlet the field of medicine.

of selfexpression."Miss Lampland Dr. William S. Sadler, eminent

has done a completely capable piece of psychiatrist and physician, offers sugwork in her symposium. Such learned gestions which we should all do well

hobbies as astronomy and art collecting to follow to better our living. To inshare with the more "earth earthy"ones, clude all of the names of those who

of hunting and the cooking of beans, have written articles would be like which is the hobby of no less a person reading the roster of the hall of fame.

than the writer, Don Marquis. With The book will prove stimulating to

after hobbies, a reading chosennew of THE RETURN readers.older peopleM. C.andJ. helpful to youngerthis book, should to make be able we

life more of an adventure. M. C. J. By Ivy Williams Stone

The Home in a Changing Culture

Leisure and Recreation Her children took her East in mighty (Grace Sloan Overton, Fleming H.

( Martin H. Neumeyer and Esther S. Believingplane,she'd rejoice to view again Revell Company, New York, 1935.)

Neumeyer, A. S. Barnes and The miles on miles where eighty years ago HPhe book is a fairly accurate resume

Company, New York, 1936.) Her bare feet paced the oxen, plodding of the changes in the home from

slow. colonial times to the present. Wisely everywhere teachers"D ecreational of the ship sense did not the wonder She for points out the need Mrs. OvertonA* will find Leisure and realize swiftness of the trip; the Recreation Nor these recognize to mothers everywhere

is historical sincehelpful the years approach of the an vista through For backward in cling changes to to that the old but trails Pioneers. lived of the leisure reaction of She as as anew well thegiven worth. has which of She proved tops the below mountain did not see She personality.activities Dr. upon Newstresses for the hour. family need a plains, crops verdant with conquered Nor is sociof professor associatemeyer like the plea This sounds of echo an aglow; at of Southern University theology leaders of our Church made by many desert sage but naught eyes by Her saw

California.

trail interests evening for a and home when

An analysis of the three kinds of Her ears heard naught but lean coyote's ideals can be cemented for the greater isrecreation The worth knowing. wail. happiness of all. M. C. J.

situation dancehall of thestudy she felt the scorching desert sands and Again warrior the prowling, feared she Again enpicturesthe as commercial moving Evening Handbook Home bands; intensifies our concerntertainments Richards, (Claude Deseret Book stamp; the bison wildly she watched Again feature of these amusements.over One 1936.) Company, the joined prayers of evening she Again dealing sectiongreat is the importance

camp! espemonths summer thewith recreation Touring wraith. but a her, the clouds below were

dally, parents States. for repaidUnited will be faith. past, sustained lived within the by inA landswise otherleader thanwill thedo ToShe

well to read this book carefully in makWith placid brow and folded hands she having read and followed some of the ing plans for the activities of himself smiled advice presented in this syllabus.

and his group. M. C. /. And walked the plains again—a little child!—M. C. /.

m J - Bhmm iTtiJNW'1'1'

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

("loseof-day shadows find their cause it serves the purpose. Good rest is advisable and sleep is probway through the glass of tall Taste in Dress by Freida Weigland ably impossible.

French doors to touch lightly a table McFarland, published by the ManIn planning these trips too, let us set for four. A burnished copper ual Arts Press for $1.00 will offer be sure that we have given ourselves

bowl filled with oldfashioned marivaluable suggestions on how to dress enough time so that we may drive golds; plates of purplish blue china to enhance our good points and to cautiously. Moreover we should

and goblets of rich amber glass.. detract from our bad ones. The not plan so long a trip or linger so

rest with quiet dignity on a cloth of chapter on "Fooling the Eye"is long in one place that we must drive rich linen the shade of yellow sunparticularly good in the study of all day and night in order to reach flowers. what lines to look for in choosing home. The specter of the roads is

. "rich linen the shade of yellow clothes. watching for just this kind of all

sunflowers/'The book does more, however, night driver who gets sleepy.

We who have lived in this modthan deal with the choosing of ern century and can remember not clothes. It also discusses hair dress,

matter the as accessories, well as linen longso only white ago when to its offers comfort home good of repair care, fabrics, color, and candlelit hour, for the usedwas is It of A of peace a inmates. haven will find it a clothing. good Mothers is posithis that prideexclaim with to courage to gain go which may we for teentheir leave to around book intively tablesetting fashthe new responsibilities to the which face also. to read daughters ageion.

in world. the us await workaday

But to follow back over the cenThe home should also offer inspiraturies, we find that linen and color tion and courage for us to become went hand in hand together. While mothers tell us that when better participants in the everyday

color that proof have no definitewe little break Older they children are should of affairs. world home The

it linens, table in the combinedwas older they grow our backs and when that pushes kind of hand have the seems to have found its way into they break our hearts. If we are while it pats.

wherever the material from the wise enough neither of these exOf course, in these very hottest pretty flax plant was used. The tremes needs to be true. We should of hot days, for comfort wise mothPhoenicians, a people dwelling by encourage each member of the famers will prepare cool desserts which

the shores of the Red Sea were ily while young to help in the upkeep will thwart the thermometer. Why as the manufacturersfamed of a of the home—this valuablehighly dye which produced back. We shouldwillmakesave mother'smore of followingnot surpriserecipe?the family with the

the celebrated "purple"for their family unity when children are inlinens. of Genesis Early the book mother's will later save

linen find colored highlywe to be occasions need robing young—thisheart. Special

the royal princes of Egypt.. and held when each member of the famChocolate Ice Cream

considerable quantities of it are acily is made to feel his worth by the tually preserved for us in Egyptian rest of the group. This desire for % cup ground 4 tablespoons

corn white chocolate in fine Linen"tombs. "Purple and worth, Mr. of personal a feeling syrup cold 2 water cupsBiblical luxury and denoted days his tells in book, The us White 2 tablespoons

tablespoons 3beauty. sugar PeoDealing Psychology With of tapioca minute rich, 2 egg whites display a you.. so when is uniRack), the (see ple Book salt teaspoon 1 cup cream linen cloth a withheavy damask if recognized will versal and sugar whipped cup and YsY scroll cloth blue; royal of aborder beneficially. react used wisely vanilla teaspoons 2 orchid, orof mauvepink, pale you

might wonder if you are not repeatAdd chocolate to milk in double coloringsing the moonlit an used by boiler beat melted, and heat. When T-Joliday time! In planning canset- table in her PrincessEgyptian until blended. with rotary egg beater

trips lasting more than one Add minute tapioca and cook 15ting of—centuries ago. yon

day, we mothers should slip into minutes, or until tapioca is clear and our equipment several books to be mixture thickened, stirring freread during the hottest hours when quently. Strain hot mixture, stirring

Cometimes we busy mothers of (not rubbing) through very fine families become careless about sieve onto salt, Yi cup sugar and our looks and realize later that we corn syrup. Stir until sugar is dishave lost "what it takes"to make us solved. Cool. Add 2 tablespoons

attractive. Of course, the real busisugar to egg whites and beat until

ness of mothers is to care for famstiff. Fold into cold tapioca mixture.

ilies, but—and this but is an imFold in whipped cream and vanilla.portant one—there is no excuse for Turn into freezing tray of refrigernot taking time to get clothes which ator and freeze as rapidly as posbest suit each of us. Sometimes we sible—3 to 4 hours usually required.

merely make or buy something beMakes 1 quart of ice cream.

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE

QUORUM OF THE TWELVE The New Plan of Missionary Work sionaries to augment the work as plagues in the world which are inin the Stakes of Zion necessity and wisdom may require. creasing rapidly. It is the duty of the

According to this plan a mission is to Seventies to carry this message and "Cor a number of years past some of be organized in each stake of Zion, and speak in power and authority to a perthe leading stakes of Zion have the general supervision given to the verse world. How can a man holding

been conducting a missionary system First Council of the Seventy. The the office of a Seventy, magnify that

within the borders of the stakes. This First Council will operate directly calling unless he engages in the great

system was under the sole direction of through the presidents of stakes, and missionary work?

the presidents of the stakes who apmission presidents, preferably SevenIt is verily true that a soul within pointed mission presidents and other ties, will be chosen to preside in these the borders of the stakes of Zion is officers to give service among the nonstake missions. The missions are to be just as precious in the sight of the Lord

members of the Church. Great good divided into districts, with district as is one at one of the corners of the

has been accomplished by this mispresidents, and the work is to be conearth. It is firmly believed by many

sionary work, and many new members ducted in all particulars in a manner that the Lord has drawn some choice have been added to the Church from comparable to the work in the foreign spirits to make their homes among the among the "strangers within our gates,"mission fields. Latterday Saints for the purpose of

who would, perchance, have paid no Since the announcement was made drawing them within the influences of attention to the message of the Gospel and the plan approved, the First Counthe spirit of the Gospel. They have

had not some missionary, appointed cil of the Seventy have been busy orbeen led here not only to hear the truth, and directed to do so, carried the mesganizing missions, appointing mission but to see it lived! It has been well

sage to their doors. In some instances presidents and getting the work startsaid that we teach more effectually by

the percentage of converts per mised in the several stakes. It will, of example than by precept. It is the obsionary in the stakes has surpassed the course, take some time to complete ligation of each member of the Church

same percentage in mission fields these arrangements in all of the one of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints so abroad. hundred and seventeen stakes of Zion. to live that these people will see our

It should be the chief desire of every good works and profit thereby.

In more recent years the matter of man holding the office of a Seventy to Each member of the Church owes it carrying the message of salvation to magnify his calling as a missionary for to the Church as well as to the circle those living within the borders of the the Church. The great responsibility in which he moves, and to as many as

stakes has been a matter of deep conof warning all men of the wrath to far as his influence extends, to live the cern to the General Authorities of the come, and of crying repentance and Gospel by example so that he may

Church. The Lord has placed the burteaching the principles of the Gospel, speak by acts more than by words

den of proselyting and proclaiming the is placed upon the Church. For cenamong his fellows. Every member of

Gospel to the world, upon the shoulders turies men were groping in spiritual the Church who disregards the comof the Seventies, under the direction of darkness, unable to find the truth, for mandments, rules and regulations by the Twelve Apostles. In former times it had been taken from the earth. There which the Church is governed, bethis work of the Seventies was conwas no one to officiate for them in the comes, to the extent of his violation, a

fined strictly to foreign mission fields, ordinances of the Gospel or to grant liability and not an asset. If our lives

but we have in the Church a great army them by authority a remission of their have been of the nature of a liability, of Seventies cannot go abroad who for sins. shall judgment. the just not escape restoration the we came men When

therefore, reasons,various and, if the light this men, before your so shine "Let sent authority clothed with were work required of the Seventies is conforth into all the world instructed to that they may see your good works, fined to the preaching of the Gospel cry repentance and bring men unto and glorify your Father which is in abroad, there will be many men ordainChrist. This is the great responsibility heaven,"said our Savior in the Sered to this important office who will which the Lord has placed upon the mon on the Mount.

never have the opportunity of magniChurch, and more directly upon the There can be no question of the fact fying the calling of a Seventy. Seventies in the Church. that many honest souls have been

In the consideration of these matters, The Savior said to His disciples blinded by the disobedience and lack the authorities felt that the Seventies shortly before His crucifixion, when of sincerity shown on the part of some who are living within the stakes and they came to Him seeking to know who profess membership in the Church.

who cannot fill foreign missions, can, something of the signs of His second All such blinded souls will have an acnevertheless, magnify the office and coming: "And again,"that is to say, cusation to make against those who

Priesthood which they hold, by engagonce more, "this Gospel of the Kingblinded them, when the great day of ing in missionary work among the peodom shall be preached in all the world, reckoning comes. Therefore an apple living within the borders of Zion. for a witness unto all nations, and then peal is here made to all the memberIt was, therefore, decided that a change shall the end come, or the destruction ship of the Church: Let us one and all

should be made in the missionary sysof the wicked."lend our help in the great work of retem as it was conducted locally in the This preaching of the Gospel as a demption and salvation of the souls of

stakes, and that the Seventies should witness for Christ, the second time, or men, both in the missions abroad and be called, in preference to any others, in the dispensation of the Fulness of also in the missions established in the to be the missionaries in the stake misTimes, is the responsibility of the stakes of Zion, by faithful adherence sionary work. While the rule to choose Church. That the Lord will pour out to every principle of the Gospel and

Seventies was not to be drawn so tight His judgments and that His wrath will by proper regard and reverence for all that no one but a Seventy could labor be kindled against the rebellious is a things sacred. Let us be what we proin the local field, yet the burden of this fact well attested in the Holy Scripfess to be, Latterday Saints in the

work was to be placed upon them. tures. But before that day shall come, truest sense of that word. Joseph

The new order permits of the calling of the people are to have the opportunity Fielding Smith, Chairman, Melchizedek some High Priests and some sister misof escape from their sins and from the Priesthood Committee.

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

YOUTH OF CHURCH ISSUES A CHALLENGE TO

SABBATH DAY OBSERVANCE

{The addresses on this page were delivered as part of the Aaronic Priesthood Assembly in the Tabernacle, Sunday, June 28, 1936.)

THE TEN COMMANDMENTS IN 1936 By Rheim Jones (Ensign Stake) Tn an old, old book that is still rather * widely read, we find an account of how, when the Lord had led his chosen people, Israel, out of bondage, through the desert and into the wilderness of Sinai, he revealed unto them, through their inspired leader, Moses,

Ten Commandments representing a divine moral order and a key to saner living. As Moses was coming down

from the Mount with the tablets containing the Ten Commandments, we are told, he heard music and singing and saw the children of Israel, forgetJean SPEAKERSMcDonough, ATEdwinAARONICErickson,PRIESTHOODSpencer Cowan,ASSEMBLYRheim Jones.

ful of their God, forgetful of his goodness to them, their sense of values distorted, dancing madly about a golden civilization because men refuse to calf. Editor's Note: Addresses dehearken to the words of a wise and

the the loving and sorrow God. Oh, livered and by Spencer Cowan hisof the pages rapidly turn If we that because stalk the land misery in will appear Erickson of the Edwin signing find the that intory, we their hearts closed today have men Era. the September closing great theArmistice World If the of against counsels God.

War, God in his goodness had again peoples and nations of the worldthe the world the nations ofdelivered realize practruth only the and would foe. savage of another the throesfrom to the sacred Contrary them and holy. ticability of Commandments the Ten

the that findFollowing the war, we opinion of many, the Ten Commandbeau- serenely lovely and today, how people of the world and of America ments are not today obsolete, and there tiful the world would become. Greed

in particular began dancing around the will never come a time, no, not even and avarice would be unknown, godligolden calf of the almighty dollar, and during the Millennium, or through all ness would rule in our hearts, humilsinging madly the tune of "Eat, drink eternity, when the Decalogue shall ity and reverence would fill our homes, and be merry for tomorrow you may ever cease to be in force as the guidlove, virtue, and chastity would chardie."ing star of relationship. acterize our actions, justice would rule

And as the children of Israel in In the world today, in spite of great our land, and peace and happiness the days of their wanderings needed advances in the physical sciences and would clothe the world forever in the divine code of the Ten Commandsocial sciences, in spite of all our modwarmth and beauty.

ments, so today we must realize that ern miracles, there is little evidence It is up to us, young men in the no basic code was ever more unique that people as individuals are happier, Church of God, to put the Ten Comor complete in forming the backthat governments or political bodies mandments into practice in our lives ground for the actions that will lead are wiser, that families are more unitand demonstrate that they actually do us to a more successful and abundant ed, or that nations are less likely to work today, and that they are still the life. We must come to understand that go to war. Indeed we see all around vitalizing force guiding us on to a saner

the observance of these divine laws us much evidence to the contrary in living.

today, leads to an aggressive mode of the feverish pursuit of a short cut to life, by which you and I as individu- a more abundant life. AARONIC PRIESTHOOD

als become the masters of our enviWhat is there in the world today AND THE FOURTH ronment and not its complacement victhat the Ten Commandments will help COMMANDMENT tims.My friends, do not get the idea that us Soto achieve?called ChristianWorld Peace!nations are By(GraniteJean McDonoughStake)

the Ten Commandments have become turning their cannons upon defenseantiquated or that we have outgrown less peoples. The people of all the And that thou mayest more fully

them. The Decalogue was older than world are being depressed by leaders * keep thyself unspotted from the

Moses, and it continued after Moses who deprive and destroy and will not world thou shalt go to the house of had passed away. The Lord has reithearken to the words of God. Prayer and offer up thy sacraments

erated these commandments through What is there to achieve? The elimupon my holy day. For verily this is a

modern day revelation, and in the Docination of crime. The elimination of day appointed unto you to rest from

trine and Covenants (42nd to 59th poverty. Today greed, avarice, and your labors and pay devotions unto

sections) we are commanded to keep deceit are choking out the seeds of the Most High."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1936

Such was the revelation given to to God that ours is the privilege of become."He has shown us the way!

Joseph Smith in 1831. And in 1936, holding the Aaronic Priesthood in the He has set forth the Law! "Rememthat command holds just as forceful a Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday ber the Sabbath day to keep it holy.

message as it did a century ago. It Saints; of realizing its teaching about Six days shalt thou labor and do all

was given for a purpose not merely what the Sabbath really means. The thy work. But the seventh is the Sabinto be placed forgotten. and a book bath of the Lord thy God."problem therefore shall

given toIt was and as a plan you me we meet the it? We ismustours.strikeHowat

by which we might make this life's source that is making the Sabbath a AARONIC PRIESTHOOD AT experience reach a higher level. day of play. All who are fostering SACRAMENT SERVICE

of recreation must to be in made this Life is places twentieth century to ordained are young "\17hen men realize that everything they have andtraveling lightning. of * v wings on New the they Priesthood Aaronic are they far to a greater owe powerinventions, luxuries modern each make that taught should immediately be

it If than man. a matter were of moneytwentyfour as hours pass moment. a officers of they the are Church now they would probably the remedy matlies fact in the whole problemThe responsibilities for the special with ter right away. But must wethat make are trying to lifetime a crowd we Meeting. Every Sacrament member realize them that nothmoney meansof recreation into short hours. a few the conPriesthood of should Aaronic ing talk in when terms of we God's result as a hasAnd Sunday become it his sider to attend Sacrament duty

It commandments. has said: been "It inthe in the general day which world spenot has or whether a he Meeting is certain that a community igis which trying to catch recreation the on up cial stressassignment. should This be nores the Sabbath the and services. ofit has missed the during week. all in Priesthood Quorums. ed Aaronic the Lord's will house become Pagan

It that I also stressed should if be often survey a wonder were sink and to a level low morality."of

Priests, Deacons Teachers and who the of question: themade does "What ask: You to are convince "How we service participate in a Sacrament toSabbath mean me?"many how them?"us Let the truth prove to them after services the leave should nevercould truthfully of say: Rest "A Day the lives by live. say, cannot we We the the administration Sacrament. ofand Worship."I as I "Do as do."must We say—not is It to disrespect serious of a mark the show them inasmuch as to anway have many would how Or we rise the Priesthood of have members already have been given I to inswer: understand which day improve "A may in after service a Sacrament and body the truth. golf in or: game,"whichmy day "A building. leave the and Reverence

clean car."I can the up in If seven! day One service for but would proper regard we Sacrament

The question is vital! It is more cleanse our souls and reach nearer to would seem to dictate that those who

than that! It is a command of God. God in our hearts it could not help participate in Sacrament particularly

Surely the Father of us all is underbut radiate our daily living—and should remain in the Sacrament meetstanding. He didn't give us such a therein lies our mission in this life, ing. If it is desired that those officiatcommandment as a stumbling stone in the living nearer to God. "Man is as ing should remove to other seats it

our way of progression. It was given God once was and as God is man may should be done quietly.

as a guide post in our progression ever upward. We were placed here for a

purpose and that purpose was the taking on of human bodies as an experiment that will determine our fuTHE WORD OF WISDOM REVIEW ture existence. It was God and God A Monthly Presentation of Pertinent Information Regarding the

privilegealone the us gave who of Lord's Law of Health life isliving that very dear to us. and

And the Lord has asked for just one day in seven in which we may show our appreciation to him for life and TOBACCO IS ENEMY For eighteen years I have been covering all for sports newspapers. of forms SmokOFall It ATHLETE reit holds. small such seems a

ing the brings double burden a by youngquest. setting of the aside Merely interests to the physical the 1925 burden of tobacco both menand Tn carry—aworldly our turning goods and A tal. in but not keep do Those smoke who set States quota United 1,000 of a

tothoughts the High. Most far training clean energy, more have much cigarettes for to each year be smoked

their greater better stamina, control of much fast meetings, Schools, Sunday Our the in child every man, and woman, of nerves. years twentyfive age Under different meetingsSacrament and States. that conthe time United At are mentally they developing physand

auxiliary organizations help us to disumption of cigarettes was approxiically, and if this development is hampered vert our thoughts from the shallowmately 82 billion. The quota was by smoking, the loss can be hardly made

ness of daily routine life. However, amended to raise that total to 120 bilup later on. Smoking cuts in vitally on

the Sabbath Day means a great deal lion. Today in excess of 120 billion nervous energy and vitality. A cigarette

more than simply "going to Church."cigarettes are smoked in America smoker would have little chance in redOur meetings are given as a means by each year. The reference in the Word blooded competition against a nonsmoker.

in closerwhich come commay we to of designs "Evils and Wisdom footof America's famous most One with conmunion God. many exist in How will hearts the which do and retired coaches, has who nowsider duty; a something have them we is ball last of conspiring in the days"men after the as at years 30 coach head theto pleased do? more much How justified clearly the campaign which by this of University Michigan, made in the with beLord would man who particularly since has been waged

still at while he Michicomment washis praise heart thanked gave and God chil1925 induce to men, and women, in of four to compliment paying gan histo regardless of humble him cigarette to smokers. how dren become players: hisplace of worship. From the publication called "The

I stars helping four AllAmerican have Instructor"Youth's some the Sabbath Holy.""Keep Day at ever these Michigan. has one of Not me interest strikof general are taken. quotationsA reaches appeal us as Latout toThe protaken smoked, ever ever a drink, used ing testimonial of the of value the

fanity, story. dirty told or they Saints. a Areterday more must do Butwe teachings of the of Wisdom Word effeminate? four of handle can them The it. just talkthan about must do We against tobacco Grantfrom comes thirty the straining of other type without

it are before aboutsomething we nationally sports land Rice, known are muscle. highest of the a men They

caught in the turmoil and swiftness writer and recognized authority on order, and their influence will extend far of this era. We should be thankful athletics and sports. Mr. Rice says: beyond the athletic field.

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

Ward Teachers'Message for September, 1936 wardness.course, truthfulness and straightforHONESTY "Truth is the oldest of all virtues.""It is expected of every one of us

in is work, Church engaged his who truth makes man "The who that is in quality that of officers man as"TJonesty or as whether members is his in careful words. He watchword * * in truthful in fair shall exemplify that and the him shows Church, we that states of as a fact which never

just stealing, mischeating, principle of honesty lives thespeech, our above the is sure. has says he not he What virtue, frauduother cardinalrepresentation, or any other as every do we sincerity."ring of a to of action. honesty the principle Goslent other adds every and Honor

sturdy and splendid devotion to such "The man who lies to save a nickel pel. Thereby the Church will grow

standards of right, fidelity, courage, merely proclaims that he esteems a and thereby the faith and confidence and conduct as society has crystalized nickel more than he does his honor."of the people will be increased.

truth, centuries."- ideals, his sacrifices Winston thethroughout "He who that rests of us every one "Upon pofor character, orDictionary. mere money and just, fair, to to obligation be endeavor

is best is is the in that his sition, "It honesty true conscience weighing respecthonest, straightforward, and if of that the motive scale against a ofpolicy: a be but bag of one pan in association ful rights our of mutual

is real there dealing, honother."in the nohonest gold If adtake fellow men. with our we

Strong.esty."lies, cheats, trademan "The who are fraud, of others vantage by we

is thinking perbasis high of "The then misleads, overcharges and and If steals. guilty just as as one who

fect honesty."Homerton. his himself with seeks square to it is to place our employees, are we

is in dealhis honest "The man who is 'lying saying conscience anaemic by full, for service the true comgive subhis a has fellowmanings with is in as business'absolutely necessary if receive; are empensation we we cannot buy."sidy which money is his his in as in statements untrue he fairly justly with ployers, to deal and

Hunter. acts."if handling the have employees; our we of Truth,"by Power "The From is vacillating, politician to belonging funds trust of or funds "The who of hundreds Jordan, GeorgeWilliam is trickster shifting, strictly temporizing, a others, that who them manage we President ofcopies Heber which J. is until out."full only found succeeds of our he carefully, sense a with and friends, the his to given hasGrant for responsibilities, not a moment and forgets his promises man "The who for the are taken thoughtsfollowing purposes. for cent our touch one own is untrue."this month:Teacher's Message

"Truth is the rock foundation of The world today needs truth and "Just as we should undertake to be every great character."honesty above all else. Honesty is a true to ourselves and in our relations

"Lying is one of the oldest vices in part of the religion of the true Latterwith our fellowmen, so we should be is honest with himdetermined to be honest with the Lord.the world—it made its debut in the first day Saint. He

recorded conversation in history."self, with his fellowman and with the If we have faith in Him and in the

"Lying is the sacrifice of honor to Lord. No true Latterday Saint can divinity of this work, we shall encreate a wrong impression."be less. deavor to be true to every principle

and seek to practice every virtue which will help us to improve in right living.

If we recognize our stewardship here upon the earth, we shall strive to be adfor in the donations honest our is in est. the If lacking govhonesty PRIESTHOOD AARONICTHE I beof purposes. vancement God's

it disinwill gradually then ernment, is lieve or HONESTY thatAND any who man woman if graft, If othracketeering, tegrate.

acin lives tithepayer, faithful a who prevail, then practices er dishonest Sylvester CanBishop Q. spirit prinPresiding of that the with cordance confidence, is of lack to there be bound the of non, his in President Aaronic ciple, dealwill honest her or be

will increasing there develop an and this it all in the Church, gave hisPriesthood fellow with man. know for disrespect attitude law of and at of to a theadvice said Church members banker been for hasings by Ihere—not the administer called to are those who Conference:recent General of our he was a member Church—thata laws.

faithful tithepayer. willing trust to a

"The last Article of our Faith refers "We are entitled to expect from I am sure that viewpoint is correct.

largely to the cardinal virtues, which every officer of the government that Rarely, if ever can you find one who are just as much a part of the Gospel he be honest in his dealings; and when is faithful in the spirit and practice of

and a part of our lives as any prinhe has the direction of employees of that principle who would act dishonciple. 'We believe in being honest, the government, that he shall require estly or unfairly, so far as his undertrue, chaste, benevolent virtuous, and honesty and honest service from them; standing goes, with regard to other

in doing good to all men,'and so forth. and that in the handling of funds there things.

This tenet expresses the importance of shall be strict honesty, and great care practicing these fundamental virtues. and accuracy maintained. Honesty is "The Apostle Paul says: 'Finally,

Honesty lies at the very foundation a disposition to conform to justice and brethren, whatsoever things are true, of our individual and community life, honorable dealing, especially in rewhatsoever things are honest, whatour civilization, our organizations of gard to the rights of property. Likesoever things are just, whatsoever

government, and the membership of wise, it involves a determination to things are pure, whatsoever things are the Church. If we live the Gospel we conform to justice and fair dealing in lovely, whatsoever things are of good

can not be anything but honest; if we all our relations one with another. We report; if there be any virtue, and if

are good citizens of this nation we can apply honesty to our actions as there be any praise, think on these can not properly be anything but honwell as to our words. That is, of things.'

Try AND IT! GET

BY ELDRED JOHNSTONE

Merton Allen drove up skidded on Lummel's bridge and in his mudsplashed old car. His jumped through the rail. It's sittin'

thin face drooped even more than right side up, in a mud bank. Says

usual. "Hey, Aaron!"he called. the mud was up to his knees when

Harry Olgin, You seen that salesman, Olqin,y heto bewadedhauledoutout."to telephone. Wants traveling Y.oungsalesman, casually ablately?"

stracted a package of nut meats from "Jest left here 'bout half an hour "Not by me,"declined Mert. "Be

it, but the box on the counter. "Take all ago, Mert. What's up?"mighty glad to if he'd pay for

you can get, always!"he argued. "He's been owin'me twelve dol- I'm mighty tired a being laughed at

I want my money. He kin Everybody's waiting for a chance lars ever since last spring when I when

to grab what you've got."hauled a lot of stuff for him. Jest stay there forever's far as I'm con-

"Think so?"The elderly procan't git it out of him. Need the cerned."

prietor, Aaron Peck, sat with his money right now to git some asphalt. Muffled sounds issued from the

tilted chair just inside the open doorMy roof leaks like all git out."telephone.

way beyond the spatter of heavy ''Did you send him a bill, Mert?""Wait a minute,"counseled Peck

raindrops. "Don't you figure that "Sure, an'I've stopped him five "There ain't nobody else this side

a fellow gets back jest about the or six times on the road when I've of the creek that's near enough to same treatment as he gives other been dead sure he had the money help him, so we gotta help him, pay folks?"on him, but he jest laughs at me. or no pay. Can't leave a human

''Nothing to that old stuff. Peck, Says, Try an'git it!'as if 'twas bein'out there in this weather, but

and if you lived in the city like I do, some kinda joke."I'm figurin'that mebbe he's been deyou'd see that nobody with any "Weell, I'll tackle him 'bout it, livered into our hands. You'd git

brains would ever think so, either. Mert, next time I see him."him out if you got your twelve dolSqueeze them while the squeezing's "Wish you could git it, Aaron. lars an'your pay for this job, cash

good is plain commonsense these He owes Mis'Millis two dollars in advance, wouldn't you?"

days."she'll never git."., "Sure,..II!> but as OlginW says,''Try'an'

-,?eck appeared to be meditating. "Old Mis'Millis? How come?"git it!

Mebbe,"he said after a while. "Stayed there one night an'had "That's jest what I'm a goin'to-

"But what about yourself, Olgin? her cook him supper an'breakfast. do."Peck turned to the telephone.

'Spose some feller's in a position to She needs tie money, too, but he jest "Hey, Olgin, stop that hollerin'! I

crowd you to the wall, d'you 'spect tells her the same thing. 'Try an'was tryin'to see if I could git anyhim to git all he can outa you? You git it!'says he."body. Don't know's I kin. This

want to be treated that way, hey?"ain't no day to git a team out in

;;Who? Me?"Olgin guffawed. Ihe store telephone jinthat mud. Takes a lot to clean them;

"Say, anyone up. Any quicksand down there?"can get who gled. anyPeck reached for a pencil andthing out of me is welcome! his Boy! order lifting pad before rethe

He'll get earn it! Try and it! That's ceiver. 'To! L/lgin's be- d'you shout could say? Who slogan.my He'd be crazy if he Olgin? so? That the room. don't say! heard across "QuickYou

didn't get all he could when the getYe-es, you'll have to have a team to sand! Can't you get help quickly,

ting was good. I if Well, Peck, I git you out, Peck? Peck, but don't can't you leave as know me

can't sell you I'll any more stuff, be anybody'll like this! here to want his take quick, Get horses someone

going."out on a day like this."will you, Peck?"

off drove in He the heavy summer Peck covered the mouthpiece with git "Weell, off the 'phone, Olgin,.downpour, leaving Peck thought- a gnarled hand and spoke rapidly to an'I'll see I kin what do."Peckfully chewing toothpick. a "It's Mert. Olgin. young car His replaced receiver. the "Won't502 do.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1936

TRY AND GET IT

in lars an'to cents adthink eightyseven a hurt and stewhim no his at clucked M.LERT bit. he's an'got in cash."Mert, vance I know Now, about. turned horses them and

if git you'll dollars stared. so him, "Thirty your and on Olginmoney

called. "Too Olgin,"Peck "G'bye, into arguin'an'leave the cents?"eightyseven repeated he teamwork

that."car like to lose a nice bad

I'll advice follow an'I credulously.me, gone crazy, "You've his own

in stark disthem watched Olgin we'll fer once."git our Peck. I'll giveguess Get you ten dollars. money

belief. the jogged as team Then will it, only say so, busy, you do you?""Wouldn't

it. after stumbled slowly he away, declared as he drove slowly. his grayAaron,"head shook Mert Peck

I'll pay win. "Hey, Peck! You turn."the over cashaway. "Hand or we In spite of Olgin's frequent and around."you, but—

interrupted the cash,"over "Hand raged. Olgin "Out calls, frantic telephone found Peck me,."up. young Olgin as came The Peck it! get are you? and Try calculating before to time a little do to skinTry—as fingers counted he trembled man's Olgin. minute, That a "Wait his team. returned with workMert

it required handed and the out sum cents eightyseven thirty dollars and the to "tendCalling Peck Mrs.

store,"Peck drove with Mert to the includes fifteen dollars for this job, to Peck, wJio gave him the itemized, creek bank where they found Olgin, an* that's dirt cheap; then there's receipted bill he had prepared.

pastyfaced, mudcovered, and raintwelve dollars that you owe Mert "Now, young feller,"Peck began soaked. "She's sinking every minfor haulin'; there's two dollars you mildly as Mert waded out with the

ute, you dumb farmers,"he yelled owe old Mis'Millis; a dollar and tow chain, "Y'know well enough I

hoarsely. "Get busy, will you?"two cents you owe me for pears, never did business this way before.

"We'ell, we can git her out easy peanuts, and candy, and one long But mebbe you see now that you got enough,"Peck returned without distance telephone call that you keep to do the kind an'decent thing to moving from the seat of the wagon. forgettin'to pay for. An'don't forthe other feller an'expect the same

"But kin you pay for it?"git, Olgin, that I'm jest handin'you treatment from him, or else you kin

"I'll give you ten dollars. That's your own prescription."set out to get all you can outa him

top price."Olgin's rage made him incoherent. an'take your chances of bein'

"Not on a day like this. D'you He fairly danced up and down on squeezed in return. You picked the

ever rub down a couple of horses an the muddy bank, waving his arms method you wanted,"he finished, as clean harness? It's going to cost wildly. When he stopped for breath, he pushed the cash deep into his

you jest—"he glanced at a slip of Peck said loudly, "'S no use, Mert. pocket, "an'we're jest carryin'it

paper in his hand, "jest thirty dolTurn around an'let's go home."out to its natural conclusion."

JUDGE HENRY H. ROLAPP

(Concluded from page 480) although he became reconciled to in his life. There was mutual devoHe possessed that quality of spirhis son's having joined the Church, tion between him and his children, ituality which distinguishes truly

died before his own conversion was a relationship he prized above all noble persons. He achieved it with

accomplished. other social ties. a most sincere exercise of faith, and

Henry did the work for his faThis beautiful spirit which domthrough prayers, which were alther in the Salt Lake Temple. With inated the Rolapp home during fifty ways an important part of his daily

this event Brother Rolapp's interest years reached a climax in the celelife. One felt the radiance of his

in genealogical work began. In 1924 bration of their golden wedding anfaith during the illness of his wife.

he completed a record of the Rolapp niversary in California. Throngs of He administered to her daily and

family and their intermarried friends met in a setting of orchids, hoped that when death called he branches, containing almost three gardenias, and a profusion of Caliwould be the first to go. She imhundred names, beginning with a fornia flowers, to honor them. proved in health and in his sudden

male ancestor born in 1 697. It is inThere he unfolded the pictures of fatal illness he said smilingly, "This

teresting to note that with the exmemory to his friends, looking back is as it should be."

ception of the Utah family no other over a long life of rich experience, His knowledge of the hereafter families by the name of Rolapp and in return received numerous exwas as clear to him as his life here, liave been traced in the United pressions of love and esteem. This and so great was his desire to carry

States. occasion just four weeks before his on his activities in the other world

He laid the foundation for estabfinal call, proved to be a beautiful that at the last he had said to his lishing his own home when in 1885 farewell. sons, "My work here is done now;

he married Martha Horrocks. DurIn his home life as in his public there is work for me to do over

ing all of his efforts toward achievelife, Judge Rolapp was first of all a there."With this thought, he had

ment, she stood loyally by his side gentleman, of striking vigorous apattended to every detail: his busiwith devoted helpfulness and quiet pearance in spirit and in action. ness accounts were settled and, so

efficiency. Theirs was a beautiful Dignity and cordiality were admirparticular was he that he made his

companionship. The dedication of ably blended in the charm of his last earthly settlement with the

Tiis book, Gospel Quotations, to her, personality; he was dynamic yet Lord, his tithing record was comwho knew him best and loved him gracious; powerful yet gentle. He plete. In his life we see a grand commost, reveals his appreciation for seemed austere, yet there were pleteness, finely lived and finely

"the one who became most precious many direct routes to his heart. ended.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1936

I. A WORLDWIDE VIEW OF M. A

( Continued from page 477 )

life, setting forthphet of plan your your creased der the direction of summer activity in a yearRob- Leroy J.

ideals to devotion of home, those your and ertson, program. speakers the round youthful on

life truthsuniversal worth which make while, and I received the inspiration of a opportunities and responsibilities of Educational meets, departmental message on the world's needs, or at least youth in the Church, and a pageantsessions, athletic contests, exhibits, the world's of that needs, youthsome presubject, the can tableau on same the demonstrations completed andsatisfy."directed B. a Y. pared by and U. credit conference a and marked were his In afternoon remarks, Sunday staff. President Brief remarks by to the board and I. A. members M.in Salt Presithe Tabernacle, Lake also. this session Grant closed qualified workers many who assisted Fortyfirst said of thedent Grant

annual conference of the Mutual The Summer Institute held on them.

Improvement Associations Monday under the direction of John The successful and inspirational "I rejoice exceedingly in the splendid D. Giles, Y. M. M. I. A. Field Repexperience of the general conference

meetings we have had during this conferresentative, and Charlotte Stewart of the Young Men's and Young the of the Mutuals.ence Primary I. and As of A. is worthy the Y. W. M. Improvement Mutual Asof Women's

I as of judging, I thinknear capable am we this innovation, special note. reAn sociations in City was Salt Lake I recall that the finest conventionhave had

ever having attended, and that is as it undertaking which took a fine reppeated, on a smaller scale, in many should be."resentative churchwide group of foreign lands. Communications and

Sunday evening in the Tabernacle M. I. A. leaders into the Lion House, reports from the missions outside

brought a meeting devoted to Memory Grove, and over the hills, the United States give strong indi- "Youth's Opportunities in the for breakfast and a sunrise service, cation that the worldwide work of

Church"and included the finished through the day, to sunset, campfire. the Mutual Improvement Associaperformance of the Brigham Young and taps, augurs greater Summer tions is becoming increasingly imUniversity Symphony Orchestra unInstitutes for coming years and inportant in making friends for the

1. THE QUEEN AND ATTENDANTS OF THE GOLD AND GREEN BALL IN FRESNO BRANCH, CALIFORNIA MISSION.

2. MOTHERS'AND DAUGHTERS'KITCHEN PARTY, PRESCOTT BRANCH. CALIFORNIA MISSION.

3. HOBBY EXHIBIT, CEDAR FIRST WARD. PAROWAN STAKE, ON M. I. A. DAY FESTIVAL.

4. SUCCESSFUL DEFENDERS OF ALL CHURCH SOFT BALL TITLE, M MEN OF THIRD WARD,

LIBERTY STAKE.

5. QUEEN AND ATTENDANTS OF GOLD AND GREEN BALL, WEISER WARD, BOISE STAKE.

6. BEEHIVE GIRLS, BAKERSFIELD BRANCH, CALIFORNIA MISSION.

7. PLAY PRESENTED BY THIRD WARD, POCATELLO STAKE.

S. FIRST M. I. A. PARTY HELD IN THE WELLINGTON BRANCH, NEW ZEALAND MISSION.

9. SOUTH SUMMIT DANCE FESTIVAL.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1936

I. A. A WORLDWIDE VIEW OF M.

Church, in gaining favorable pubIn Sweden of the players... they held the crowd althe onehalf for spellbound four most and licity, in increasing membership, and the of A. Floyd Carlson hours. Rlder

in active keeping members and useIn the outing afternoon our which had we Mission writes of conSwedish fully unengaged in a world where also a success. was follows: ference plans as

hall the m., to p. back at 6 settled conditions came economic and We

is shall near time plates drawing held with when Banquet The 254 our where was we forced leisure a spiritualized demand in big city of the our Conference the the I. A. course served. program During M. of leisure time% program activity and ofhave the at Board banquet, Malmo. Young nonmem- given a Women's The that was

widening interests. have charge of the program this year, and ber came to the stand and asked if he could

to judge from things now, this conference have the privilege of saying a word. This

From Berlin promises to be a bigger success than the was cheerfully granted. In his remarks he

ones held in Gothenburg and in Stockholm. said that he had attended many banquets

\I7riting of a threeday M. I. A. We have been working for a long time on but had never attended one where the air

Conference of the Germanbranchesthe conferencehave promisedprogram.to haveAboutrepreseneight wasor whereso purehe hadand hadfreesuchfroma tobaccogood time.smoke

Austrian Mission, May 30 to June tatives meet with us during conference. The After the banquet they all danced until

1, inclusive, held in Berlin, and atconference this year is to be held on the 11:30 p. m. I would like to have many

tended by Dr. and Mrs. Joseph F. days of June 23, 24, 25, and 26. There of our wards at home see how this dance

will held of several meetings be each conducted. on was Mission Merrill from European these eight that the 25th. except with average days held an meetings. On We Sister headquarters, Elizabeth H. all I will are to give present. going a. trip. think this of on over you day 244 we

Welker says: Copenhagen, Denmark, which will be very just a glimpse of what the M. I. A. is doing

this nation.

big,"over dance "went The M. I. A. as interesting for(Signed)us all. Floyd A. Carlson. in

It entirely missionaries the say. was so new the Netherlands From

that called the stood and and gasped crowd for it again. In Norway "Rrom Holland, Europe's lowland again and were two There

hundred and fifty M Men and Gleaners at Dresident Milton H. Knudsen of country, President T. Edgar

the banquet, every they from and came anticithe Netherlands Mission of the Mission Norwegian Lyon district the every in mission one and first conof pates word: sends this Norway's M. I. A. is this year. calling for the them dance

interesting significant withal page and A these vention with words: to them, also so debate was was The new

of historical register into the written was it the "Life Forty;"at Begins theme was are sending separate cover you Under we the during the Mission when, Netherlands sitting to the elderly people watch good program. of a have our Stevne copy to We 30, Saturday, three from days May the their seats, listening the of with edge on hall for largest rented public our Oslo's its 1, general ninth M. LA. June Monday, interest. keenest chorus very was Our It seating cameetings a Sunday. has on the in convened Conference Primary and best the the of concert very good; up made expect of pacity thousand one and we long has of Rotterdam, city to seaport which I. real credit to the music a A. was M. fill it to capacity. obtaining are pubIt activity. We mission of center the been strict those to about be had very who ofWe licity will in the press newspaper have and the that members occasion made an was the those in chorus; sang only had who all meetings. at of our present men for their "the yearning good pious forsake take course to allowed the completed were

part; so the number was cut to eighty. This is Norway's first M. I. A. convenold days"and rejoice in the accomplishtion. We hope it will be continued. We ments of the present and the promise of the

In Germany and Switzerland makeshave greatit quitedistancesdifficulttoandtravelexpensive,here whichtoo, casualfuture. visitorIt was(andsomethingthere werethatmany)left withthe

"Deporting a similar conference, M. forconvention.our EldersIt andtakesSaintsa weekto ofcomecontinuousto our definitecessive eventsimpressions.of the 1936In a conferenceword, the weresuc-

I. A. leaders in the SwissGer- travel for our Saints to come from our each a fresh exhibition of a good program

man Mission write: farthest outpost. well prepared. The overflow crowds, made

up of people making the annual pilgrimage

It satisfaction feeling of deep is with a all MaasGroningen and from the way all to the workers from Regards I. A. M. I. report that A. of mission give our a M. we Holland), tricht of (the Beersheba and Dan the Sun."the Midnight of "Land beautiful the in held Convention which was hitchas bicycle, not a few of most them by Milton Knudsen. H. (Signed) the to of of the 30th Frankfurt, city May or train thirdclass others hikers, and by

1st of June.

In Denmark bus,resultingwere publicityindicationfromof thisnewspapersfact, as wasotherthe first meeting of the convention was The held Saturday evening, the 30th, at 7:30 "Rrom Copenhagen, President Alma wise loath to give the Mormons space.

spirit o'clock. of enthusiasm In a warm

superthe mission L. Petersen of the Danish Misunion,June ofconference,rejoicing, hadalwaysthe ahappytime coinciof reall were welcomed by

intendent, Brother Reed M. Broadbent. It sion writes: dence of coming during Whitesuntide, obgave one a feeling of joy to see the faces We have just finished our M. I. A. conserved in Holland, as in most European

of the district and some of the ward M. I. vention. I believe I am safe in saying that countries, as a general holiday. The genius

A. leaders. It made recognizable the realwe have held one of the finest conventions and message of the original Pentecost disization of the strength of our mission M. I. ever held in this country. tinguished the sessions in a very real sense.

A. organization.... On Saturday evening, May 30th, we The training and instruction of the several

The fifth meeting of the conference, the opened our convention with fiftythree leadership institutes, the inspiration of the

Sunday evening Sacrament meeting, will Elders holding Priesthood meeting. Ninety music festival and honor program, the keen

long be remembered for the fine talks that per cent of them belong to the M Men class. enjoyment of the finished drama producwere given on such subjects as: "The PurThis certainly was a spiritual feast. tion, the wholesome entertainment of the

pose of the M. I. A.,""The Old Folks and Sunday morning at 9 o'clock we met in field day activities, and the faith promotion

all manifestarepresentation prayer with meeting a of public meetings the good were I. as I. A. a Mis- A."M. "The the M.

spirit. lifegiving nation. the in 10 that tions every quickening, of A. At M. I. is from this year's sionary,"Program and "Why<

. halls in thought purposeful,. It largest the of o'clock one a program was we met... oetter that last year."of than

it seat hired. th. in that scale small was directed. Every a had Aarhus ough, we On sucat the are overjoyed very much We its extensive taken. of counterpart more was a worthy entire of cess the program convention. The and, at the home, example, June conference at session into again back came We singing beautified with other and muwas

its better like predecessor, to get seems the the in evening house m. 2 p. was and spirit sical in present numbers. every The

year. every crowded. again the the of meeting conveyed convention

true meaning of the M. I. A. work. We Monday morning at 8 a. m. we met to witfeel that new vigor was awakened for a ness the seven oneact plays with 304.. If Sunday had been a remarkable

banner year in the M. I. A. of the Swisspresent. These plays lasted from 8 a. m. spiritual feast (and it was) Monday was

German Mission. to 12:30 p. m. I want to say for the benefit just as remarkable for its wholesome con505

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1936 cern for the recreation of the body. A large

greensward, a combined pasture and sport field lying just outside of the city, had been specially procured for the staging of sport events in which conferencegoers participated.

In Great Britain "pROM Great Britain, oldest of the

European Missions, Elder Wendell J. Ashton sends this report:

For three days M. I. A. members in Great

Britain gathered in Kidderminster, a little town in England's midlands famous as the world's carpetweaving center, for their second annual missionwide convention,

May 30June 1. During this time 315 Saints

and 110 traveling Elders lodged in Kidderminster homes.

The manner in which Kidderminster citizens received Latterday Saints is typified in a paragraph written to an Elder by a woman in whose home a group of conference delegates had stayed:

"I have been taking lodgers for four years and in this time I have never had finer folk here than the Latterday Saints (Signed) Mrs. Broadhurst, 10a Lea

Street."The conference, which included speech, choral and poetry contests for M Men and

Gleaners, track and field meets, handicraft competition for BeeHive Girls, M.

I. A. institutes, dancing, concerts, community dinners and general sessions, was

planned by Mission M. I. A. officers, including Dr. Ray M. Russell, superintendent;

John Bleakley and Lewis H. Tarr, assistants, and Elder M. Neff Smart, executive

secretary, of Y. M. M. I. A., and Catherine L. M. Horner, president; Madeline

E. R. Hill and Ruth Elise Mace, counselors;

Florence Ann Bickerstaff, secretarytreas- urer, and Rose B. Bailey, Beekeeper, of

Y. W. M. I. A. The Primary, under the

leadership of Elizabeth Cornwall, Mission supervisor, also conducted meetings and institutes at the convention.

Reports are arriving daily from other missions, both within and outside the confines of the United

States, telling of successful M. I. A. 1. Queensof Gold andand Greenattendantsball,

conferences worldwide. MissionSeattle Branch, Northaries and mission presidents have western States Mission.

stated on numerous occasions that 2. Tucson,M MenGleanerArizona,Banquet,CaliScout troops, BeeHive organizafornia Mission.

Stake, Utah, M Banquet.tions, M Men and Gleaner enter- 3. OgdenMen Gleaner

prises and other M. I. A. activities 4. Basketball squad of the

frequently form the nucleus for the Branch of the Deaf, Ogbuilding of branches and the wedge den Stake, Utah.

for opening interest in the Church. 5. ParowanDisplay, StakeCedar HobbyCity,

It is being daily demonstrated at Utah.

home and abroad that many searchThreeand GreenQueensBalls,of GoldNoring people who are not at first atwich,YarmouthLowestoft,branches andof tracted by doctrinal differences have the British Mission.

their sincere interest aroused by the CastPapeeteof playbranchproducedof theby worldwide spiritualized recreational Tahitian Mission.

and leisure time program of the MuQueenGold andand attendantsGreen Ball,of tual Improvement Associations. Milwaukee Northside

506 branch.Mission. Northern States

.

Let's build a build a cabin interestingly, cabin

To select a site with possibilities for attractive building and By KARL E. YOUNGlandscaping. should also The site

be some little distance below a spring Assistant Professor of English at or other good water supply in order Brigham Young University to have the obvious advantage of water under pressure right in the cabin.

Naturally, you want some trees The logical place for the door will near your cabin both for shade and be in the end opposite the fireplace. 'T'here are cabins and cabins! Pro

beauty. If you are building among To conserve space it may be best * lessor Karl E. Young, outdoor

evergreens, select a spot where there for you to place the door a little off enthusiast and lover of Indian lore, are Douglas firs, for the porcupines center, swinging it from the supportbuilt a cabin [or less than thirtyfive will never eat the bark of this fir. ing beam which stands directly undollars—andauthor tells hereplentyhowof labor!this accomThe

More important, you should place der the ridge pole on this end of the plishment might be repeated by anythe cabin where there is enough clear cabin. Then, in the narrow space one with moderate handicraft skill

willing friends. a cabin few at fireplace A thespace end of your small and set near the door up a you may

just well might as be sturdy, comair tocabin avoid stove, the downward in cooking the wider and fortable picturesque, here's and and currents when the wind blows over space behind the door you will have how to make it all three—

big trees. Such currents can play room for a fullsized bed.

havoc with the best of chimneys and

Materials Thefireplaces. trees the of on A cluster proof that aspen is reliable for buildsides ofsouth the house, and of west complete, are not '"The plans ing purposes.

to the east areas north openand and until course, decided you have where the chimney is, afford mornupon materials. If you are pressed Constructioning sunlight and afternoon shade for time you will certainly want

without interference to chimney squared lumber from a reliable sawfirst step in actual construcdrafts. mill or lumber yard. But squared Yourtion will be the digging out of

There is one more thing worth lumber is expensive; consequently, a level place for the foundation. If

keeping in mind when scouting if you have more time than money, the ground is already level, all that about for a cabin site: rocks for the you had better use rough material, is necessary is to clear away the

fireplace. You will want a fireplace that is, slabs from a saw mill and loose dirt. Never level off for a

of generous proportions and if you poles direct from the forest. The foundation by filling in low places

have to haul the rocks in on a trailer slabs will cost you almost nothing if with loose dirt, for the ground will and carry them by hand down a you go after them, and better still, settle and the cabin will be sure to steep trail, you will be dumbfounded they will give a rustic character to sag. When the ground is ready you

at the number of rocks it takes to your dwelling which can never be should set up three or four stringers build a fireplace and chimney. attained with squared lumber. ( logs or sturdy poles ) on flat rocks,

Having chosen your site you may For studs and rafters it is perhaps and level them up with a spiritlevel.

begin to effect a realization of your customary to use twoby-fours, but Much grief can be averted if you do dreams. Suppose you plan a room straight young pine poles will serve this work carefully, for upon the

fourteen by twelve feet. That will your purpose just as well, and look stringers are laid the joists, and upon

give you width enough for a respectinfinitely better. If there is a thick the joists the floor is laid; and if the

able fireplace at one end. Since a stand of pines near your site you stringers and joists are not level,

fireplace is the soul of a cabin you may find a few young trees that need the floor, doors, and walls will probmust not cramp it; devote one whole thinning. But if there are none at ably be askew. Remember to get the

end of your cabin to the fireplace. hand, you may be able to get a perstringers well up above the ground

As you plan the interior keep in mit for ten or fifteen poles from the ( six or eight inches ) to prevent their mind the placing of furniture with supervisor of your nearest forest. being rotted by groundmoisture.

reference to the doors and windows Lodge poles, if obtainable, are the In setting up your joists your as well as to the fireplace, the posibest species, for they are light, problems will be simplified if you tion of doors and windows with straight, and of quite uniform thickuse squared lumber, for there will reference to the best views outside, ness. However, good straight aspen be less notching and wedging necesand a consideration of the addition trees will be very good substitutes sary to bring all joists to the same

of more rooms to the cabin at a if pines are not available, for if they level. When all of the joists are

later time. Remember to cut the are cut green and peeled, they dry in position, toenail them down with

windows low enough for a seated into tough and sturdy poles. Thouten-penny nails, and then strengthen

person to command the view without sands of feet of aspen are used and support them by nailing a twocraning his neck. every year for timbering mines bysix against their butts at each

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1936

end, thus completing a boxshaped the outside wall will save much time doors and windows until you have framework for the flooring. later, for all that will then be necesyour walls all on, for you can nail

You have to remember also, in sary will be to make this "floorline"the frames where you want your constructing the floor, to leave space coincide with the surface of the floor, openings, and screw on braces for for a hearth at one end. You will and the slab can then be nailed, top shutters and doors before you cut

probably want to build the chimney and bottom ( i. e. to the shoulder and them out. (See Fig. 1.) Then

and the greater part of the fireplace the floorjoist respectively). there will be no worry about fitting,

itself outside of the wall in order to When you have set up your corand the matching of shutters with conserve space, but a stone hearth ner slabs (two for each corner; Fig. walls outside will be perfect. Cutinside is quite necessary. The in- 2 ), you can keep them in alignment ting your openings is no trick at all.

dentation in the floor space is efby running a temporary brace (a You can start a keyhole saw in an fected by means of the same boxlike board will do) at an angle from the augerhole and then slip in a good construction as was used in building floor to the middle of the slab. If crosscut saw to complete the job.

the frame for the whole floor. the braces are nailed on the inside The pitch of your roof will depend

Once the stringers and joists are instead of the outside, they will not upon your taste and upon the set up, a sensible plan is to nail down interfere when you begin to nail amount of snow that will lie on it the floor immediately. You will then other slabs on for the wall. in the winter. A pitch of slightly

have a good, clear place to work under onehalf is not unattractive where you can conveniently do your "Cor the shoulders you should and will take care of four or five feet measuring and sawing. In laying choose some of your straightest of snow ordinarily. If the shoulders

the flooring, start at one side and and most uniform poles. They on your twelve by fourteen foot

work across, covering the surface should be sturdy ( about four inches cabin are six feet six inches above

out to the very edge. Then when CABIN.LEFT: ANTHEINSIDEDOORCORNERCONCEALSOF THEFOURFINISHEDSTEPS the floor, you might run your ridgethe slabs are nailed onto the twoby- AND A PASSAGEWAY LEADING UP TO A pole five feet three inches above the

sixes (the sides and ends of your CENTER:BEDROOM. THE FINISHED CABIN IN A PICshoulder to achieve such a pitch.

SETTING, WITH PRACTICAL floor AND will fit snugly up TURESQUE thebox) in ridgepole can be placed The PROTECTION ACCESSIBILITY, WATERSUPPLY, wall.against the it into slipping proper HAVING BEEN its position by ALL AND ATTRACTIVENESS

The next step will be to erect RIGHT:PROVIDEDTHEFOR.FIREPLACE, THE "HEART OF holes cut in two tall slabs which are

A FELLOWSHIP AND GOOD MAKE "CABIN of the cabin. You must then put HAVING. HILLS"WORTH SOMETHING IN THEthem—i.four cornerse. polesand putextendingshouldersfromon CABIN"WHERE WARMTH AND GOOD CHEER nailed in the very center of each end

corner to corner. Once again, you good solid supports under the ridge

will have a boxlike structure, now through) and tough, for they will pole with direct bearing upon struts with four hollow sides onto which have to stand lots of nailing. It is placed under the end shoulders.

you are going to nail your slabs. If worth while for you to take pains in The bracing of the roof requires

you nail your slabs on horizontally, trimming and peeling these shoul- a good deal of cautious figuring and you can choose rather heavy ones derpoles, and, for that matter, all measuring. You will probably lift

for the corners and make them supother poles that are to go into your every piece up to check your measport the shoulder beams, without overhead structure, for they will all urement before you saw. You will

any immediate need for struts. show, and, if worked up smoothly, want strong poles at the gable ends

Measure these cornerslabs and will contribute to the charm of the and in the middle to support two saw out holes for the shoulderpoles interior. longitudinal rafters on each slope of

with a good, sharp keyhole saw Having the corners and the shoulthe roof. These supporting beams

before putting them up. You can ders up, you may nail slabs on the should be "toedin"for safety's

rule a straight line across them at sides now, just to see things go up sake, and it is well to cut your the point at which the surface of the fast for a few minutes. But rememnotches in the shoulders before

floor touches them, and measure acber not to nail slabs on the ends of measuring and cutting the beams.

curately from that line up to the the building until you have decided The beams themselves will have to proposed position of the shoulder what the height of your roof is to be notched for the rafters, though beam. Such a "floorline"drawn be, for these slabs will all have to not deeply.

on the flat surface of every slab go beyond the shoulder straight up Over your longitudinal rafters you that is to be measured and cut for to the roof. Do not worry about will run your sheeting. "Winnie508

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1936

edged,"i. e, sheeting with bark on as possible and should not change the slabs which have been nailed on

the edges is cheapest and most fitdirection unless absolutely necesoutside. You can make a good snug

ting where you want rustic effect. sary. The fireplace should be lined job by lining the interior with heavy

Your roofing can be laid down diwith firebrick, set up with fire clay paper, such as cement comes in, and rectly on the sheeting, or you can to avoid crumbling under intense then nailing an upright slab over tack down a padding of cardboard heat, and it is well to put in a couple every crack. This will not only give

from old cartons as a protection first of pins as the fireplace grows to the interior a finished appearance if the sheeting seems too rough and swing a crane on later. but will of course, make the whole

uneven. The fireplace is the only part of structure much sturdier.

the building for which you may need 12'14'Cabin x for Materials or for or help expert advice a day Fireplace The of the get two. you knack Once penny. 16 and penny Nails—8 will that place so rocks they how to will fireplace of the buildingHPhe penny. Spikes—30 tie the rocks underneath bind and adventure. 2"biggest 4"The be your pieces x 12'. x Lumber, 7

foundation is allimportant, even into the structure, once you get the 2 pieces 2"x 6"x 12'.

more important than it was in the idea of keeping your outside edges 2 pieces 2"x 6"x 14'.

case of the house, for a great column built up level for the next tier of 2 pieces 2"x 4"x 4'.

of rock and cement becomes exceedstone, you will feel a sense of tri- 1 piece 2"x 4"x 6'.

fill the spaces betweeningly dangerous if it is not bedded umph as you sheeting for floors, 168 solidly. After removing all loose your outside walls with the awkward board feet.

dirt you should lay down several shaped rocks and mortar, and see a "Winnieedged"sheetlarge flat rocks, taking care that they solid and reliable piece of work ing for roofing, 250 have a good full bearing on the rising before you. As your chimney board feet.

rises, will build to a temhave you should them. They underground 6 sacks. Cement,

it to hold scaffold porary around to debe area actual the overlap Lime, 2 sacks. a platform give you rock and itself sevstructure by the tovoted for Windows.

in order to extend the working.eral inches

are at last, ready to Roofing. you When, pile. of thebearing Hinges.

will probably put on roofing, you

A mixture of four shovels full of find that the cheapest thing will be Fireclay.

sand to one of lime to one of cement material which sells in rolls of 100 Slabs.

will give you a good, dependable square feet. Remember that any FIG. 1. FRAMES OF WINDOWS ARE NAILED

rock SLABS; in laying BRACES FOR THEN up ONmortar. SCREWED AND The secret will lie better material roofing rolled

SAWING ON BEFORE ARE SHUTTERS SCREWED fill to having in notcheaply consists thoroughly if it be structure on your OUT SHUTTERS.

SLABS POST OF CORNER 2. TOP VIEW

TO SLABS LOOK TO FIT CORNERup too many spaces with mortar. The warmed before laying and tacking. SHOWINGFIG. HOW

secret in laying up rock succesfully Directions always accompany preLIKE LOGS.

consists in giving every rock a full pared roofing materials. FIG.FIG. 3.4. CROSSFRONT SECTIONVIEW OF OFFIREPLACE.FIREPLACE SHOWSHELF IN DEING IMPORTANCE OF SMOKE wedging without bearingdownward will be done final job to be The UP AIR CURRENTS FLECTING DOWNWARD or force inwardor exerting cracks of the between AGAIN. covering outward the

on any other rock.

Some fundamental rules must be Fig. I,8"- -4V

observed if you are to have a good FRAME. XLT

fireplace: first, a low lintel (see fig.

a high than draft more 4) creates BRACESFon. Z 30* SLAB

lintel too SHUTTERS build (hence,one do not high); second, the walls of the fire

chamber should not be drawn in CENTRALGEAM "until after the throat is passed; third,

than be less not should the throat

NAIL SLA.& fourth, the lintel; eight inches above

or lintel be too deep not the should NARROWINGAFrtR THROATDOWNHASFORBEENCHtMWEYPAMEO it will smoke the ascending catch THROAT into it the roll out back and make

IN AVOIO DRAWING shelf fifth, should OF the smoke room; SMOKEUNTIL SIDESCHAMBERTHR.OAT BEEN flat deep should be be perfectly and

PASSED -HASOR WILL FIREPLACE currents to deflect downwardenough SMOKE of cold air so that smoke will not be puffed out into the room; sixth, the

throat should not be more than four inches across; seventh, the back wall

should be gradthe of fire chamber heat.SOKUSHELF to reflect ually forward sloped

into the room; eighth, for maximum -THROATIfACROSS

at rear be the efficiency wall should - 30"FLOORABOVE from inches least back twentytwo - WALL TO - SLOPEDBACK ninth, fireplace; there of the face the

REFLECT should be no cracks or leaks in the HEATROOMINTO flue to interfere with the draft;

tenth, the flue should be as smooth

DOORWAYS

art, love oratory, music, or If drama, you Religious is tin'headquarters Within of all. enter where, here, are heard day

oil is dedicated Education. But of strings, the the piano, the melfine-drawn

to live, will power andIt. Y.theV. the to developing horn, the organ. and low thunderous to Young Brigham This is the doorway nobly. richly and more University. young throng Soon a of

people will enter for their first taste of higher learning, the training that will fit them to live more usefully and happily. Here in the Maeser Memorial

THESE DOORS

September

Registration September

FIVE COLLEGES

Applied Science Arts and Sciences Commerce The massive portal of the new Brimhall Building leads to Education laboratories and classrooms for many valuable sciences, as well as to the Extension Division including ths Bureau of Fine Arts

Visual Instruction.

Through this door and tip the stairs go many young women to leant homemaking, stressed at B. Y. V.

THESE ARE DOORWAYS TO BUSINE

BRIGHAM YOUNG U TO COLLEG

"'"> This is a dooru'ay the to teach in high plan schools will do who V on /j.s a Mens tennis Gymnasium,lit health. manyilsit to well this enter teaching door experience for courts, athletic and fields with the new expert under guidance. Building they will meet President F. Statlium House.

S. Harris, leader of a faculty of 120

welltrained meii and women who devote their best thought and energy to helping students achieve their highest goals.

SWING OPEN

25, 1936

Continues 26 and 28

1500 COURSES 34 Departments

<j>

Graduate School

Within these doors, great men of all time will tell you their

Research Division secrets of successful living. The Heber J. Grant Library is

great treasure a house vital ideas. There of are 100,000 Extension. Division books other and 50,000 publications—all readily located.

Through this doorway the youngsters of the Elementary Training School troop in to help future teachers learn best how to develop childreii's minds.

SS AND PROFESSIONAL EFFICIENCY

RSITY, Provo, Utah the diary From OF A BISHOP'S WIFE By ADELE CANNON HOWELLS

toward helping provide fuel for twist; six kinds of squash, from

winter. Across the street was a tanbanana to zuccini; new potatoes,

nery and there the children reported sweet potatoes, yams, carrots, parsafter school and on Saturday to nips, et cetera, et cetera!

gather the tan bark.... Barefooted, as they had been all sumCaturday, June 20th: Greatmer, with gunny sacks in their grandfather's journal is more

hands, they worked earnestly until touching every time I read it, espewe had a big heap of tan bark piled cially the part about greatgrand- in the corner of the shed where the mother's death.

stove stood in the summer.... "During the whole of this time my "I went to work for the J—s by dear wife continues very ill and is

little girls (putting the day two my still far getting 'Are weaker. we

. I relatives to plenty with had my get that Orleans from I may New

I for in was do new position,) my wife's grapes?'consome was my

laundress housekeeper, cook and I inquiry, as stant came when down

I could not Finding as nurse. off deck, is too to be as she weak

I turned work, hard do such myThursday, May 28th—enroute well I herself. taken endeavored deck on

to Los Angeles. Left Salt Lake knowledge of millinery to account to speak words of comfort to her,

hats for gentlemen while I had no prospect of her ever this morning at six—beautiful and made strawday—Wasatch Mountains and as well as ladies. Some time after seeing the land of Joseph in this life.

this for a dress making I was the tentowering over PeaksTwin J—"I will not attempt to describe the little the in our sun was shining valley. to andder green Called at Provo

particular in I have which kitchen it look and nights making warmvisit with minutes a few T—s whose side passed watching while by the there very little although was met twenty years bright, more thanson we

ago on the boat going to his mission fuel in the stove and it was bitterly of one of the best wives that ever all with man was blest *s in of the spite cold sun. J—Zealand. years Twentyin New with—yet suffering her complaint ever no in remarked mother and came how old! are getting Nephi, Beaver,we

her, but the escaped 'Dear words, it was, but cozy bright and we had at lookingCedar City—enjoyed I to husband, what God, am do?'O in but to eat the house nothing lovely St.farms and ranches. The

George Temple standing out so clear bread...."how mysterious are Thy ways!

as we came round the mountain! Nothing but bread! I went to Teach resignation to Thy will!

Friday, "This morning, 28th of car and this morning at in myCalled Aunt were inmarket Z—'s and October, without she fell asleep a of plenty in the midst found myself tovited stay the night. Freshbaked

o'clock halfpast at four and necessities from andcrusty thinsliced cheese and—luxuries in Lat. buried, N., Long. 24.37 all wassigh, bread, kinds of dozen formilk good with bed countries—a bread,supper—a in at five o'clock the 69.50 W., seed rye to poppy from Russian insunkissed old, thicksheets the

walled, stone house. It is hard to Up afternoon of the same day.

beat this Dixie hospitality! THE SKEPTICS "How soon our plans and prospects are Cannon it not changed! By Rosannah And were 10th: Wednesday, June Com-

I helpless children's for our sake struck out alone on paths havemittee meeting on Reunion. They Ward like should the to repose under uncrossed;

Friday, June 12th: Committee And now, like children who have missed peaceful blue waters with her who

their way Pioneer todecided theme used be every sorrow."joy shared and my stoutly strange, find that but landscape Andfor so have Reunion been Ward say, I sit this old here reading As diaries,turning old books, through lost,"really far not are home, not from "We I journal greatgrandfather, of my et cetera.autobiographies, clutch confusedly and on wander They luxuriously every with housed am little that bought, joy can be every At 's to find sadand Grandma HappyW—livfacility for comfort. every With their lot pity of forget the thus And I itdiary. into copying of some am

flesh to is taste to there it is slip at wine and to While ing hand, easy how part the grandpa when touch.mine—from life. idle, into purposeless Faulty an

had gone on his mission. But on each face there is a secret woe humans that we are, we must rouse

"While the peaches which we had For something taken from them long ago; ourselves to action and keep daily

the lonely in must they moments of And spirit the roofprepared and spread weep the of the on Recessional—"Lord did they the old not innocence keep For

drying,our little house were of Hosts, it was with us yet, Lest Be God free; souls to only Stray wanted be who

time to see what could be done So hardly have thev gained their liberty. we forget. Lest we forget!"

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1936

A Citizen of the World INDEX TO ADVERTISERSLooks at Utah 457 Life Ins. of Music Cover McCune School Co Back (Concluded from page 487) Beneficial

517 Co.. Fuel Supply 510, 511 Mountain University Brigham Young

518 Culture School of Beauty Quish Oil 519 Continental Co - all that'sstandinguplikemen,"Institute 519 C. R. 517 Deseret Mortuary & A.—brightlycolor- word!one Enormous Cards.... 517 Greeting Shepherd's Press 518 Deseret Town News

fill the canyon, anded monoliths 513 Brands, Inc Standard 519 Eastman Kodak Co appropriate have of themmany 516 of University of Utah Excelsis 515 School Beauty the Victoria,names, such as Queen Utah Agricultural College Grant, 519 Heber J. & Co

Castle.Pope, Bluebeard's The colInside Front Cover College Henager's Business 514

brilliant that even theors are so 513 and Light Utah Power K. Co Inside Back Cover S. L

tinted. areshadows Publishing Co. Lewis, 515 Utah (Horst Mose

The climax to this journey Lion Photo Service 514 Scharffs) 515 through Utah's natural wonderlands is the drive over the Mount

Carmel Highway to Zion National

Park. The twentyfive miles beROYALtween Mount Carmel and Zion cost

over two million dollars to conPUDDING willstruct. motor point one you At It's Easy long, mile a over tunnel athrough

but at six different points in the tunnelside of the huge windows to make you cut through which beenhave can get some of the most stupen- f dous views in the world. As youenter the Portals of Zion you see ICE CREA now:

first the East and West Temples, two great domes crested with crimson that runs down their pale sides T3 OYAL Chocolate and Vanilla Puddings enable you to like streams of blood. You will not -*- make smooth, delicious homemade ice cream in a few

white that the lofty toldhave to be is minutes, without fuss or bother. They make the kind of iceprecipice a crimson summit with

called "The Altar of Sacrifice."cream your whole family, especially the children, will go for

Be sure you enter the floor of in a big way.

the canyon on foot or horseback, Get a package of Royal Pudding today. Try any of the recipes

the offollowing the Mukunbanks will ice cream have homemade flowers wild with Rivertuweap Royal the easy way. and givenoften—onceon it. you'veWe knowmadeyouit brilliantside the every andferns on

ly colored walls of the canyon always towering above you. Look up

over two thousand five hundred feet to the top of the Great White

Throne, and find yourself speechless at such majestic loveliness. These are sights that you surely Every Time

must see in order to believe that such exquisite scenery is possible.Only Nature herself can carve such They Eat

divine sculpture as this and her chisel was erosion. ELECTRIC COOKING

Preserves vitamins in food and precious mineral salts. It makes

{/ stronger bodies.

HEALTHFUL COME IN AND ASK ABOUT OUR

YOUR CHILDREN HALFPRICE ELECTRICITY PLAN,

DESERVE THE AND LOW COST ELECTRIC RANGES.

BEST.

UTAH POWER 8 LIGHT CO.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1936

OF THE STORY HYMNS OUR {Concluded page 493) from when he passes away, that we will last verse of "Come, Come, Ye stop 'treading on the necks of our Saints"—the hymn treated in the

foes'and making 'the gentiles bow June issue of The Improvement Era beneath our rod'."—and remarked: "Mr. Grant, that

Mr. Shibley said: "Don't you is the most splendid declaration of

do it. It is only once in a lifetime a faith in the immortality of the soul

that a man gets off as inspirational I ever read in my life."

a hymn as that. Leave it just the In spite of Mr. Shibley's protest

way he wrote it"He continued: it was thought best to change the

"Mr. Grant, you don't expect actwo lines referred to in "O Ye

tually to tread on the necks of your Mountains High"; so, when the new

foes. That is a figurative expresLatter-day Saint Hymn book was

sion. I am familiar with the Bible, published in 1927, these two linesalthough agnostic. You do expect were made to read—"Without fear

the neck to bow to the rod of rightof thy foes thou shalt tread"and eousness. Leave it alone. Your "Thy land shall be freedom's

people have a greater abiding faith abode."

in your final triumph than any other It is interesting to note, however, people I have ever met."that the old version is printed in over

Within the next day or two Prestwo hundred thousand Sunday ident Grant took him for a ride School song books, now in use, and around Mount Timpanogos, and as the original militant lines still persist.

they were riding up American Fork "O Ye Mountains High,"born

Canyon Mr. Shibley repeated the of an emotional and yearning heart, has become one of the most beloved

of our Mormon hymns.

President PenCharles W.

to 1936 INTERNATIONAL CONTEST WINNERS roseWhilehas songs not as many

Henager's Produce Another World Champion credit in the Latterday Saint hymnhis

Also International Business College Novice Champion book as eight other Mormon hymnologists, yet the eight of his that appear there are full of dynamic power and the human element so characteristic of the author. They

were written to suit the circumstances under which they were inspired. The hymns are as follows:

"Beautiful Zion for Me,"p. 394.

"Blow Gently, Ye Wild Winds,"p. 169. "Death Gathers up Thick Clouds of Gloom,"p. 245.

"Great Spirit Listen,"p. 77.

"O Would'st Thou From Bondage and Strife be Free,"p. 376.

"O Ye Mountains High,"p. 338.

"School Thy Feelings O My Brother,"p. 98.

"Up! Awake Ye Defenders of

Zion,"p. 82.

The biography of President Charles W. Penrose has been published

in so many books, newspapers and magazines that it will be unnecessary to publish it here. Biographical

BLAINE PARKINSON GIOCONDA ZUMPANO TANNER MACK (Winner 3d Place in (World Champion College sketches may be found in Jenson's Business in Open (World

Open School Contest) School Contest) Novice Champion) Biographical Encyclopedia, The ImMiss established Zumpano Student World a new Typing of 107 Record net words per minute Era, The Instructor, ReChicago, 25. June Mr. Parkinson, Rexburg, in this event, won third 96 writing net words. Macknt provement

first inTanner place class, first won the Novice covering typing. year All are students. Henager lief Society Magazine, The Chil-

A Henager Business course will provide the proper foundation for a successful dren's Friend, and The Deseret

It willfuture. to attend pay. that a school has credit to its more championships than any News.

country, its schoolother in the is placing and students in good positions. employment The

is therecord best since calls this year 1929—261 since received have been January 1 and we size, developed any FILMS, KODAK

fill all to the positionshave been unable of in open. courses Complete coin; 8 prints all commercial 25c Reprints, and made for

subjects. any size, 3c each. Send two negatives

free samples. Call, write or phone 45 East Broadway, BUSINESS COLLEGE, HENAGER films. Salt foryour LION It's PHOTOeasy toSERVICE,mail as

City, for catalog. are enrolling Students of theLake Fall opening. in advance this month 351, OGDEN, UTAH. BOX

Mention "ERA."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 193 6

MOVING MOUNTAINS (Concluded from gage 495) top, gazing on into what lay ahead. with sound. Old Spike and Dan Nothing lay in their homeward path

His figure looked limp and broken were standing in the cave entrance now, save a half dozen harmless, in that awful silence. Then sudwaving and shouting. Outside in a wandering bergs—a halfdozen

denly Bob realized that the silence huge water lane which the Arctic moving mountains.

was not complete. There was a storm had left, stood an icepatrol End

voice in it—a dreadful, terrorizing boat. Its whistle was sending a joyvoice. A voice that painted a picous cry across the deadwhite ice.

ture of despair; of stark tragedy; of The sound seemed to fill the whole HEADQUARTERS

perishing omiworld. on thatmen slowly Leaping up, Bob joined his For Latterday Saints eerie, comrades. neverending expansenous,

of ice. An hour later they had boarded Garments

Bob listened to this voice in the the patrol and had related their exFROM FACTORY TO YOU

Solicit Orders Mail Your We bitsilence, deeply and drank and captain crew, to the perience and and

Ladies'and Men's No. 88. Wt. all It itsterly of message. was patrol boat the ice $.65 Style had heard how Lt.New

about him; it seemed suddenly to number 490 had picked up the No. 89. Med.New StyleWt. Men's and Ladies'1.10

sky; to burst the veryshout 80. Back 1.35 Double from Men's it Wt. Heavy sped to No. had Banaza's how SOS;

Double 81. Old Style Wt. Heavy No. ice; of endless the sweepsforth from the to pick Banaza's the rescue up 1.50 Back

85 Styles 87. Lt. and Old Wt. New the brokento cry from humped, the No. boats; small the from crew how Gar85. NonRun Very No.

his him. beforefigures of comrades to six Not blacks Guaranteed ments learned from Captain had Special——

1.10 Special Rayon Run frigid sudseemed world wholeThis left behind. three that the been had Laand 84. Men's Lt. Wt. Med. No.

Style, dies'Double Combwith its New with it, anddenly filled glasses, the powerful Through 85 Fine Extra Yarn, ed destruction. ofescapeless message trunk your bust, working seen the three ordering Captain Specify had when

old it length, whether new became and Bob was that Then at the the iceberg. cave on But beladies'. Paystyle,Postageand or Weor cold in the voice another ofaware States. United in the ifAnywheremen's the fore could the berg be reached,silence—a voice that was distinct storm which had carried the berg so

scale. a lower oneven it came though LEWIS icepatrol the MOSE far north, broke, and

ST. 14 SO. MAIN first yet voice, theIt with mingled than keep unable more to do was CITY, UTAH LAKE SALT it. from separated widelyseemed afloat, follow bergs, and dodge this seeing Ad in this mention Please it whispered, voice theThough Magazine direction taken general the slowly

seemed to send a message clearly by the big berg. But the icepatrol

through the turmoil to Bob's ears. had followed them on and on, finally

The message was the opposite of working its way through lead after the first voice; was uplifting, heartlead to its present position far intoening. Bob listened intently to it. the ice. LIFE'S ORIGIN

I alway. Even with you "Lo, am over leaning were and Bob Dan WISH IF YOU the world!"of the endunto clean with up grow ones loved your to have of afterrail. the Slowly the nose right in the taught to be and hearts, strong not he was somehow But highest the life and of patrol around, and boat the wonder the swung way

to advisable not could his it mind be wouldenough; chastity, somehow of ideals its glistening iceberg with the many create help will which at hand book a have message this fully whispered grasp sanctity the their minds in nourish and depressions cavelike spires was and fundamentals. those to his to attaches serenely floating so whichwhich was

is an Scharffs ice in lost to behind. the Horst sight slowly by Origin""Life's destrucis terrible of voiceears. which book The commendable exceptionally iceboat slowly, the made Very to desire all to help who great of proving close. pressing tootion The was friend, purity. of cause A the its further waterlane. the jagged along way profit will you or children, whitegray the colder, your ice relative, seemed so the lane narrowed Sometimes book. ideal this from with to simmer seemed pre- $1.00 for address to any is mailed It little sides scraped that boat's the

to Write paid. it simthat was knew Bob it distanceheat—but through; get to but the icepack HOUSE PUBLISHING again cold. glanced UTAH withmering He

City, Utah ever southward. on, Lake plowed on and Box 1664—Salt before. as seated at was Dan, who across back gazed and Dan Bob Spike lifted old on to his eyesThen ice with of the graywhite expanse

ridgetop. man wasthe The

it. lane running through the narrow large protruding against asprawled said "I'd like day,"Dan, "Some

ice. ofhump ice the to travel that to over North ENROLL NOW half Spike old looked, he as And Pole."a Modern for to his hands himself, cupped raised returned death,"to freeze "And call rose crying a his and mouth up. looking without Bob BEAUTY plains. shudcold Bob the over high

if equipproper the have "Not we old Spike violently. Again dered COURSE take returned ment,"Dan. "And more once RATES SPECIAL raised half himself—and the deckfrom along those words

itself lifted and cry despairing that radio."icedesolate the across reverberated EXCEL-CIS said sometime,"Bob "We'll go reecho- SCHOOL Arctic, echoing and BEAUTYbound argument. further without Office Home ice. the ing through Salt Lake City Broadway East taking on, icepatrol plowed 3V2 The

them farther and farther from the Mail Coupon for Free Catalog

JJob pulled himself out icebound Arctic. The packice beName

of his troubled sleep with great efcame thinner and thinner, until it Address fort. The little cave was roaring faded away into the deep blue sea.

"UTAH'S"ADVANTAGES

The University of Utah provides higher education that meets every demand of scholarship, citizenship and enjoyable campus life.

Its standards rank it among the leading universities in America.

Its buildings are spacious and modern; its campus is famed for

193637 J FOR CALENDAR charm of development and situation; its location—in beautiful Test, Freshmen Sept. Placement 23; Registration of Freshmen Salt Lake City—affords a stimulating contact with metropolitan

Sept. 24, 25; Registration of life.

Division, Upper Sept. 28; Regu29. On your request, the University will send you full information on lar Class Sept. Work Begins,

work in the Lower Division or advanced courses in the following

Write For Catalog schools: ARTS AND SCIENCES, EDUCATION, BUSINESS,

GRADUATE WORK, MINES and ENGINEERING, MEDICINE, ""Address, The President /"LAW, EXTENSION DIVISION.

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH SALT LAKE CITY

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1936

STRANGE ROADS (Continued from page 481) FANTYPE But,""I don't know, Elizabeth. Clyde was standing by the winNew

countered Marion, "The crowd you dow as she reentered the room. Automatic

run around with is unworthy of you. His low whistle was a compliment

You have too much character to hide to her outfit.

it under all this frivolity.""You look lovely, milady,"he

"I have a good little mentor anysaid, with a mock bow. "Will I be

way,"said Elizabeth, still smiling. the envy of all my pals, this eveGAS"Maybe I'll break down and go to ning!meeting with you some Sunday. "Thanks, Clyde. Whither away FURNACE

Oh! You'd better rush it, lady, tonight? Remember I must get homethat's Richard's horn."a little earlier than usual."gives Yearround

"Oh,"exclaimed Marion, "I "The bunch is coming up to my didn't know it was so late."And place."she dashed into the bedroom to get "Let's go, then; as host you should COMFORT

ready as Richard entered the door have been there already."in your home

from the hallway. "Oh, they'll make themselves at

"Hello, Elizabeth,"he said rather home."

formally. "Marion ready yet?""All the more reason why you Clean, Healthful

"She will be in a minute, Rich,"should be there."WARMTH

replied. "Ishe put his the ancient arms have Clyde would marwas WINTER

iner her, the guest. but she I around the door IS and she opened wedding

am afraid I kept her while she should and went into the hall. Delightful

have been getting ready."He was a very personable young COOLTNESS

"Oh, I guess I'm a little early man, his dark good looks making IN SUMMERanyway. My Uncle and Aunt came a fine foil for the girl's blonde

in from San Francisco, and Mother beauty. But tonight Elizabeth nowants them to meet Marion."ticed the restlessness and discontent... at a price

"So nice to have one's family apof his fine mouth. Were they allprove of one's girl."like that, pursuing strange roads and YOU CAN AFFORD

Richard did not miss the edge in getting nowhere? Now you can have the convenience,

her voice but chose to ignore it. In Clyde's large and beautifully cleanness and comfort of automatic

"Yes, it is swell to have that kind appointed apartment, the usual gas heat—combined with many features

of girl."Then on an impulse, crowd was assembled to celebrate of modern airconditioning—at the

"Why don't you come off your high goodness knows what. Though lowest cost ever known

horse, Elizabeth? Sarcasm will probably goodness knows nothing The cost, in fact, is so low that if you

appliances, have gas major two it, reflected dryly. already get Elizabeth anywhere.never you Come on about

for heat with can your gas you home it all palled tonight."Curiouslyalong her tonight. with us

less have paying than you been money "I have a date and wouldn't feel In a momentary lull in the noise, for other fuels each winter.

like accepting your kind condescensomeone called: "Say, Elizabeth,

sion anyway."(Continued on page 518) closedThis newfan,equipmentoperatingincludesautomatically,an enRichard Burton flushed and said which forces filtered and warmed air

every constant supply of room.hastily: not "I did A mean it that way, Sell Greeting Cards Portraying the TRUE Spirit of clean,into air, properly humidified, warm it, Elizabeth. You'reand you know

to every corner! nook and

like a shooting porcupine—start CHRISTMAS in serves equipment, same The summer, of Our Box Scripture is, withFolders DeLuxe 24 Textquills the comes minute anyone

cooling as air system. the Cool a from out best doubt, value the market. on the value A $1.75near."sent for postpaid to you or boxes, 60c. more is 50c Two the basement fan comdrawn into

4 For containing Boxes, each lovely Cards 15 it is filtered and partment where to remove Elizabeth laughed in spite of herFolders,each. sell send orders sight. now! Take on They $1.00.

pollen. fresh, all dust and Then thisself. Pa. Shepherdstown, CO., SHEPHERD'S TOWN CARD

house. It results in a room in your

cooler home. WrHEN they were gone, cleannoticeablyair is forced gently into every

herself seatedElizabeth again give at the i Let us estimate of an you thoughtful fire in a very mood.

fuel for cost home, withyour conversation with theSomehow, obligation. out the about Ask of | DESERET MORTUARK liberal purchase price taken low and the wind outMarion had

her sails. For the first time in years Service Above All terms.

the old bitterness seemed of little j importance, and she wondered if she i xeally had been justified in follow- i MOUNTAIN FUEL ing a road so strange to her earlier teachings. SUPPLY COMPANY

So absorbed was she, that she 36 South State Wasatch 1300 roused herself with a start as Clyde Salt Lake City

Marsdon knocked at the door. Serving 21 Utah Communities

"Come in,"she called as she went to get her wrap.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1936

STRANGE ROADS (Continued from page 517) you're nearest. Turn on the radio, Clyde was taking her in his arms

will you? There's a swell program and she was wondering, as she had

on at the Mark Hopkins."often before, just what he thought

Elizabeth knelt at the radio, of her. She was suddenly angry

switched it on, and touched the dial with him and herself. He was sayknob. Before she turned it an aning foolish things and holding her

nouncer's voice concluding his intoo closely. She pushed him away

troduction came clearly: impatiently and exclaimed, "Clyde,

of to Twelve the Church of Jesus He was instantly angry and ofOf QYorJ "A member of the Quorum of the take me home!"Christ of Saints,"Latterday and fended.

still—afterimmediately manya quiet,years—familiarcultured, and that"Youto me.haveYouno righthave neverto talkgivenlike CAie Jjrioe voice began an address. me any reason to think you objected

"Here, Elizabeth, I'll fix it. I had to my attentions."

in—thenSalt Lakenoticingon last hernight,"curiouslyClyderaptcut now.ElizabethShe openedwas thefuriouslycar doorangryand

MID the excitement of look. "Hey, snap out of it. If you jumped out.

preparation for the want to listen to this there's a small "Will you take me home or shall

I walk?"she demanded.

righteously indignant. happy event, it is comsomethingset in the bedroom.peppy."The bunch want Clyde was

forting to know that A moment later, Elizabeth was "Well, if you feel that way about it, your wedding stationlistening to the program in the bedwalk, darn you!"he exploded, and

ery is correct in form room while a popular tune drifted before Elizabeth recovered from her and in the latest mode. faintly from the living room. surprise he had backed out the car

See our beautiful new Only subconsciously she listened and was gone. to the program, but more clearly to Her anger evaporated into a

stock of social station- a voice from the long ago. She saw milder mood in a moment. This was

ery and let us handle the little hall crowded with people one time her bluff had been called.

this detail for you, asfrom the outlying branches in for With a rueful thought for her sured that it will reconference; the drowsy warmth of highheeled slippers, she started

ceive the most pains- a summer evening in the dear Old down the hill.

Country; Mother and Dad and "I'll take hiking shoes and a skirt taking care. Prices Granny; friends who had since passand sweater to the next party,"she

very modest. ed on; old longings stirred, old thought, smiling to herself. Then

Call or write for thoughts crowded. more soberly: "But there will never

samples The very voice which now came be another like this. This is the final

to her over a thousand miles of air lesson. I'm through!"

seemed to be telling her again as he Her steps quickened with the of president: her thoughts. mission vehemence

softly heels clicked past the silent high reyourT he had"If youdonekeepwhenin amind Deseret solve to go for the sake of your relihouses and sleeping gardens. HerShe

gion, Sister Wingate, you will never could not see them, but she could regret the step you are now taking in smell the perfume of the late rosesJNews Press emigrating."and the earthy fragrance of chrysan29 Richards Street, Salt Lake City The address concluded, the choir themums. The fall always made her

"Pioneer Printers of the West 7 'started to sing "The Spirit of God."a little wistful, and tonight she was

Elizabeth snapped off the radio lost in memories of other days and and sprang to her feet impatiently. far off places. She had traveled far

After all, one could not always dwell and lost much and tonight all she

BE INDEPENDENT inall thethe past.time. OneForward?must go Yes,forwardbut parison.had gained seemed small in comNo Other Vocation So Profitable! whither? Crossing a street, she paused to

ENROLL NOW let a car pass, but it stopped. She

For a Complete Course at the It was the "wee sma'looked up out of her dream and saw hours"before she found herself it was Clyde Marsdon.

Qulsh School of Beauty Culture again in Clyde's car. "Get in, Elizabeth,"he said,

The Best in the West High up in the hills above Oaksheepishly. "You'll be home in a

Thompson 304-9 Ezra Bldg. land Clyde parked the car. The few minutes. I'm ashamed of myCITY, UTAH LAKE SALT

lights around the bay far below were self."For Further Information

and Catalog Call shining dimly, while in the disShe laughed: "Clyde, do you

Wasatch 7560 or tance she could see the subdued know how far I've walked back?"

in This Fill It that Francisco. glow was San."a mile, I guess. I'm Coupon

sorry. night, beautiful a but she was was t?** **** S, **** '*. """". '-, "*"", "**0tS "Oh, I—about

suddenly very tired and wished she "I've walked seven thousand were home. miles, my dear, over land and ocean

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1936

Strange Roads and eight long years!"she said, Leave Your Filmssmiling.

He looked at her keenly.

"It was that guy on the radio, with Us for Fine it?"wasn't

"Yes, partly that and partly Marion, and—God,"this last shyly. Photo Finishing

It was long since she had said that for chance a never a know You when for yourword. will turn snapshot why good up—that's

it's to keep idea your splendid Kodak a trip! silence Clyde a After moment's motor handy.

listing scenic trip plan, Personal I'll in. take you getsaid: "Well, 42Br exthat though, your always know, You 'freel hotels, sent camps, wonders,

< will treatment films posed good again tomorbegin canhome; we to you telling want when where and write, Just it's idea splendid from a whyreceive

travel complete postpaid, mail you, go. Werow."here. jj the leaving habit get to us—that'sinto of them

in America North trip anywhere for willmotor plan

Elaborate obligation! maps charge, no of right again beginning now, "I'm—free

'r trip, re with 'cnt * trf?% * satfatiit* -A routes best and Enlarging, your Too Do I'm walking We Tonight,Clyde. home conditions latest road

... hotel and marked the climbed as he way."Then if ourselves, say so do And, we make we—all rates with camp

prints. attractive big mighty hissome scenic, to are guide car, asked, the A shefrom "What

spiralwill at latest convince our glance.toric.. samples sights—allHats,

especially doing?"you made book, up of that. you Touraide into bound

Also Conoco maps. unfolding Eliminates for you.

recexpense card, identification the way,"with with "Coming Passport you—all request. information on sport A Fishing, ords.

to the Writegrinned man. Oil now Co. Continental of lervice

Elizabeth felt a sudden wave of EASTMAN CONOCO TRAVEL BUREAU tenderness and happiness. It was DEPT. 50 DENVER, COLORADO

good for one's soul to walk, but it was good for one's heart to havecompany. Jvooak

Presently, walking in companionable silence, they came to an allSTORES, inc.

night lunch wagon. 155 Main Street Wasatch 5292

"How about perching on one of Salt Lake City, Utah those stools for a minute,"suggested L

Clyde. "My feet say 'let's',"responded

Elizabeth gaily.

In the brightly lighted refreshment wagon Clyde said: "What'll MENWanted to train under direct supervision of factory engineers, appointed under

20 leading with manufacturers, character referwith A-l Men employed able to finance themselves for now andit be? Two cups of coffee and some arrangementences, who are several months

doughnuts?"will be trained to fill good pay position as estimator, installation engineer, and

"No! I'm starting afresh. A serviceindustrialand maintenance expert in all branches of domestic, commercial and

glass of milk and doughnuts."

"All right, we'll still make it AIR CONDITIONING & REFRIGERATION.

double!"Program consists of preliminary training at home which will not interfere with

present employment, finishing with intensive practical training in our LaborNational Shops. placement and order turned atories gave his and Clyde

present employment, to R. ANDserviceA. C. toINSTITUTE,graduates. 50WriteNorthgivingMain smiled gravely Elizabeth.to She Salt Utah. Lake City, age,Roomphone,3,

into his eyes and said, "You know,

I like you an awful lot, Clyde."

"My dear, I love you an awful lot,"he replied, and the wagoneer, coming back with their order and seeing their rapt faces, said succinctly: "Well, what d'ye knowabout that?"A LITTLE LIGHT

A little light on your insurance will undoubtedly reveal the fact that you are greatly underinsured. Think what it would mean if fire

destroyed your property.

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

See our agent in your town HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

'pMcamjQu.

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY JUSTIFIABLE FREE SPEECH

Beige—that color which seems to be perennially popular He's rather a loud dresser, isn't he?"

causes us trouble when we try to pronounce it. The ei "Yes, especially when hunting his collar button."

takes the sound of long a as in ate. The ge has the zh

sound. IN THE NAME OF POLITENESS!

Gyrate—the g has the sound of j; the y the sound of i

as in ice; the a as in ate. The accent falls on the first syllable. Mother/'asked a little boy when they had guests for

That part of the washer which turns to whisk the clothes dinner, "will the dessert hurt me, or is there enough to has the same pronunciation as gyrate with an extra syllable. go around?"

However, we move the accent to the second syllable and call it a jira-tor. WHAT MUST HE HAVE SAID!

Yucca—Those plants which are found on southwestern

deserts—are pronounced with the u as in up. (Surprised, Mirandy: "My sakes! John writes he threw the hammer

aren't you?) Now try saying the word, with the short u, the two hundred feet."

double c as a k, and the final a as in the word ask. Joshua: "Wal, he must've hit his thumb an awful whack."

<$> "VOCABULARILY"SPEAKING Australian Mission, 27 Simmons Street, SAMBO: "Didn't you tell me that 'procrastinate'means to

Enmore, N. S. W., 'put off?'"

Australia. Professor: "Dat am the signification of the word'—yes,

May 25, 1936. sah!"

Dear Editors: Sambo: "Den, why did that street car conductor laugh

to our for to sending feel greatly indebted you always it furElders, the WE mission when I says: 'Procrastinate me at Twentyfirst Street?'Era. Improvement To The

nishes a tie with conditions at home in regards to M. I. A. Nations are much like people. When they get big they can

activities and the "best"writers of the Church, we consider. do things they would have been spanked for while little.

The Saints here in Australia have shown an anxiety to get a look at The Improvement Era whenever they can. Espe- <S>

issue. April the interested cially in they been have civilizations might not impress us so much if early staff '"pHE I present the congratulate this to opportunity take songs. popular history recorded their had It truly published. is being the the wonderful Era on way

has an appeal to everyone, and in many of our open classes, SELFAPPRAISAL at our different meetings, the class will request selected readings from The Improvement Era. backwoods mountaineer one day found a mirror which

to join thanks the in sending Elders All a tourist had me you for sending A if it ain't continue. will that they us the are hoping "Well, Era and we lost.my old dad,"he said as he looked in

Sincerely your brother, the mirror. "I never knowed he had his pitcher took."

(Signed) Joseph W. McEwan, He took the mirror home and stole into the attic to hide

Mission Secretary. it. But his actions didn't escape his suspicious wife. That

<8> nightthe mirror.while he slept she slipped up to the attic and found

Snowflake, Arizona, "Humum,"she said, looking into it, "so that's the old hag

June 10, 1936. he's been chasin'."

Editors: Dear very much interested in the Word of Wisdom as it is PATERNAL MODESTY AM

I now being presented through articles and departments in Tather: "And there, daughter, you have the story of your

the Era—-particularly in regard to the Positive Teachings as *- dad and the Great War."

interpreted by Dr. Widtsoe. Ruth: "Yes, dad, but what did they need all the other

Yours sincerely, soldiers for?"—Epwotth Herald.

Bessie B. Decker. TRY IT SOMETIME

CONSTRUCTIVE CRITICISM Mother: "Oh, dear, baby has his foot in his mouth!"

SEVERAL years ago I was a frequent visitor at the El Paso Father: "Let him enjoy himself while he can—thirty

ward in Texas. I wish that every bishop in the Church years from now he won't be able to touch his toes."

would pay a visit there and remember the hearty welcome he received. Never once did I go to a service but what a "WHAT'S YER SLEEVE FOR!"

at Counselor Wilson, usually bishopric, the was of member in sitting rather fussy close to a small woman boy was person, Church every to the welcome hands and door shake car, sniffing in most annoying a crowded a he kept and I A in I've It the not. been where or only ward was member handkerchief?"asked, Finally she "Boy, a have way. you

I felt really that wanted. was seconds for at her small looked and then a few boy The

. librarian I county winter spent one The in—————I lend I don't replied: have, dignified in but "Yes, manner a

I don't selecting as to book: a said one was day me "Why

it strangers."to

... feel get acquainted to You'll meetings? and go you

it, I tried but once, here."not only more at home time CORRECTION early, in, sat down, late or I went and again. Whether I was

question or two answering lesson, the listened sometimes to a issue this of the of pages July and 424 400 on References the sociability, effort in around to looked on prove an my tallest "the to Building Equitable Life the as publication out. acquainted? (talking) awhile walked groups Get and

in read structure "the should show1883 in America, have yourself. for judge at Feel Well, home? the not Life building place Equitable of America."was The

I lesson the think be prolonged. need not do time, that perhaps in at but structure highest America was

Athelia Siler. the finest and most pretentious in appointments.

HEN ALL IS SAID AND

DONE, THE TRUE MEASURE OF A RADIO STATION'S POPULARITY IS IN THE SERVICE IT PROVIDES ITS LISTENING AUDIENCE. THE

PREFERENCE FOR KSL, THEREFORE, REFLECTS THE CAREFUL ATTENTION THROUGH FIFTEEN YEARS OF BROADCASTING TO THE DESIRES OF WESTERN AMERICA FOR INTERESTING LOCAL AND NATIONAL PROGRAMS, FOR

RAPID AND ACCURATE NEWS COVERAGE, FOR COOPERATION IN BUILDING A GREATER AND A

MORE ALERT WESTERN EMPIRE.

AFFILIATED

WITH CBS

THE VOICE OF THE WEST

13on vovaq ort tli S#a of lfe

To make the crossing of life's sea a pleasant and smooth voyage one cannot choose a better craft than the good old ship ''Beneficial Life". It will guide

you safely through narrow channels, along rocky coast lines, through storms and squalls and bring you, at last, safely

into port.

This Alaskabound ship theme is used in this advertisement in compliment to Beneficial Life agents who are now "on board", as a reward for unusual individual achievement during the

past year.

IF IT'S A BENEFICIAL POLICY, IT'S THE

BEST POLICY YOU CAN BUY. ****,

Photo by Harrison R. Merrill

HEBER J. GRANT, President -mir GEO. J. CANNON, Executive VicePres.

Home Office, salt Lake City