PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR.

-SVuquit 1951 l9 IMPROVEMENTERA rfafowT'C @A$ wafer tiejtftif keeps yon

%/ It's 3 times faster */ Costs less to operate * Costs less to install

Isn't it amazing how a new baby steps up hot water use? But with gas, you

can have hot water aplenty. For gas

heats water three times faster than any other practical fuel. It's always on the

job, too. That's why gas water heating

is the perfect partner for an automatic clothes washer, dishwasher, a growing family. Of course, if the storage tank

of your water heater isn't the proper size for your home, you may not be enjoying the continuous hot water service gas can give you. Study the sizing chart at left

then see your gas appliance dealer. A

new automatic gas water heater costs less to buy... jar less to operate!

MOUNTAIN FUEL

SUPPLY COMPANY By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

TT has been estimated that 300 tons

A of water are needed to grow one ton of corn.

TN the Vosges Mountains of France, * soil that has been washed down into the valley during the growing season is carefully shoveled into baskets during the fall and winter and carried back to be replaced on the mountains.

TT'he toy familiarly known under the tradename of "YoYo"apparently was known to the ancient Atheniansas "Disc"and to the seventeenth and HERE'S A REAL TIMESAVER"eighteenth century England and France as Bandalore and L'Emigrette. says Margaret Masters, whose column

appears in the Deseret News and who is a popular star on KSL and KSLTV./.oodproducedairy bestcowsatofcoolEuropeantemperatures.breeds

A study recently completed indicated that with temperatures carefully conYou'll make a hit when you serve Town House trolled, milk production gradually

Crackers. There's nothing to fix, either, becausedropped from twentynine pounds a

day to seventeen as the temperature you can pass them around just as they come from rose from 40 to 95 F. In Singapore

a group of Holsteins kept in an air conthe package. Or, for variety, serve them with cheese

ditioned barn at 70 averaged twentyor other spreads, or along with your favorite salad.

four pounds of milk a day, and a similar group in a barn exposed to They're delicious!

outdoor temperatures averaged only nine pounds. "You'll like their smart

new oval shape, too.rpWENTY years of research on alfalfa

seed by the Utah Agricultural ExJust right for two

S. Departperiment Station and the U. bites—with no the has increasedment of Agriculture

average yield from less than 100 crumbs!"

pounds to 350 pounds an acre. This

increased yield is estimated to have been worth a million dollars in Utah alone in 1950.

"Doys among Europeans are about onethird of an inch taller and slightly heavier at birth than girls, but girls show a more advanced development of the skeleton. By eleven years

the average heights of boys and girls are about equal, and at thirteen, girls are about threequarters of an inch taller. girls eighteen have most By

theirstopped while growth boys are PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY nearly three inches taller and still growing. SALT LAKE POCATELLO PHOENIX

AUGUST 1951 545 EXTRAORDINARY READING FOR ALL THE FAMILY... THE FORTHCOMING ELECTION

NEW on OUR As 1951 's summer shades lengthen By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

SHEL VES and autumn's coolness is anticiHead of Political Science Department, pated, it is inevitable that literate University of Utah

MINUTE SERMONS mindsturn toin themost1952partspageantryof the globeof nomiwill

Albert L. Zobell, Jr $1 00 nating and electing a president of the Truman's own decisions as the naUnited States. tion's chief executive, can largely

GOSPEL MESSAGES mentTheto thenewConstitutiontwentysecondof the amendUnited howerdeterminecandidacy!the possibilityNor ofshouldan Eisenit be

Florence Pierce $'<UU States permits Mr. Truman the chance forgotten that there are many Demoat another term. Whether he accepts crats, including congressional leaders,

MASTERFUL DISCOURSES theknownopportunityat the timeto thesedo it, lineswas werenot whogeneral.would Untilbe delightedany toclarificationsaccept the

affairs, foreign the of course emerge, written, indicacertain there but were of PRATT ORSON decisions of the tions that Mr. and Truman a candidacy Truman was Compiled by personally $400 impossible. availability Eisenhower General not and of The N. B. Lundwall *fr

strathree the are undoubtedly most Justice reported Vinson, Mr. Chief to

for factors total picture in the as his tegic first choice organized 1952. Governor Dewey's 29 GOSPEL MAPS successor,be Mr. Truman'swould seem most unlikely

and CHARTS to the trained observer. As chief support for an Eisenhower nominajustice, Mr. Vinson occupies perhaps tion in the Republican convention,

E. L. Whitehead $2"* the most unusual office meantime, is an element

of confidence and trust, which Senator Taft and

CLASSICS outside the presidency Governor Warren must

BIBLE STORIES FOR YOUNG and one which can conbear in mind. At

LATTERDAY Emma Niarr PetersenSAINTS >0.\AJQQ tinueof hisfor life.the remainderTo rethisshouldstageEisenhowerand distance,be

TREASURES TO SHARE IpX.UU Melvin Westenskow *- nn inlinquishthe hopethis ofhighsecuringoffice outby ofsomethe legerdemainpicture or

AMERICA BEFORE the Democratic nominaemerge as the DemoCOLUMBUS - tion in 1952 (which is cratic nominee, GoverDewey Farnsworth >JW0Q quite possible inasmuch nor Warren might be

ANCIENT AMERICA AND as Mr. Truman, as with every other predicted to emerge the Republican

THE BOOK OF MORMON president, will be able to control the convention favorite—after the Taft

R. Dr. Milton Hunter

S. Ferguson and Thomas >*T.UU f\f\ circumstances)convention underis allextremelybut abnormalrisky andize andDeweyeliminateforces, eachhowever,otherneutralas in

HOW TO PRAY AND business in view of the strong con1940. But should Taft pick up

STAY AWAKE Max B. Skousen *p<fclI./*>TC servativethe countryreactionin recentwhichyears.has Assweptin DeweyYork delegationsupport and(meaninghangerson),the Newa

POEMS OF 1948, Mr. Truman may be impressed Tafttandem could also clear the

CHARLES PENROSE $1.00 to make the fight in the interest of barriers and make the nomination,

LATTERDAY PROPHETS his own conceptions and the tradiPennsylvania and Duff cooperating.

SPEAK tions and loyalty which bind him to No matter who emerges as victor,

Daniel H. Ludlow 4P**V;UOO the Democratic party. Aside from the President of the United States

as INTERPRETATIONSGOSPEL Dr. John A. Widtsoe. $2.25io OJ Mr.craticVinsoncandidatetherepresentlyis no visibleon theDemoscene mustchief executivebe recognizedof this federalnot merelyrepublic,

of uniting capable appears as leader for but western much of theHIS MANSIONS MANY - who Deal- "Fair Dixiecrats and northern $2..20 Rulon S. Howells world. conclusion should This be

TEMPLES OF THE ers"in the same show although some recognized for what it is: a solid

MOST HIGH * favor Senator Paul Douglas of legal, as well as political and economic

Compiled by N. B. Lundwall *|>X./D Illinois. By default therefore, as well fact.

choice, determined Mr. Truman THE TIMESSIGNS OF forty years Wilson, ago, as Woodrow

will not surprise by "accepting"Smith... Fielding Joseph *P* >2D the office as involving, rethe the viewed

second time his party's nomination. sponsibilities of chief legislator; and SPECIAL FEATURE—The continuation of the Korean War Howard Lee McBain in his The Livdecision. such force a almost The can substantial ing offered Constitution TEMPLE OUR MARRIAGE hostilities, other the of cessation on this BRIDES ESPECIALLY that FOR MARproof indeed had become

. IN RIED THE TEMPLE to permit hand, Truman Mr. may 1921. the beautiful of. endearment a a. | case—by satisfaction, the leaving retire with Strikprecious memory. most ) *%JF JUC A is the presidency American Today in leatherwhite ingly covered to the convention f Democratic 1952

letgold embossed ette, with recipient the repository of and more include, will that tering. powers be—which extensive than 1100 statutory powhimself. course, of At your book dealers, or order from ers—conferred by the Congress—as

General Eisenhower, on the Repubfound in the U. S. Code. Under these

lican side, seems to have a downstatutes, the President by executive field headstart on any opposition, if order determines the shape, size, andB00KCRAFT 11 86 South Main he is willing and available. Again, nature of most of our governmental

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH the international situation and Mr. {Concluded on page 607)

546 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 3>mih. Jak&A. JfawivI&xlgjL by. Jthsb KmuL

Down the years, man's knowledge has paved the life is in harmony with it. Here, truly, Faith and

way for the wonders he has wrought, yet often he Knowledge take Youth of the Church by the hand.

reaches that crossroads where test tube and microscope cannot lead the way. Then Faith takes KnowlPlan now to attend. Here are some dates to reedge by the hand on the search for Truth. member:

Accordingly, religion is a real force on the Brigham September 1.—Application for admission should be

Young University campus and a true companion of on file with admissions committee.

scientific study. September 26 to 29—Orientation and placement

For 75 years the laboratories and classrooms of tests for all freshmen and sophomores entering BYU

BYU have produced leaders in the worlds of science, for the first time.

letters, art, business and education, for their school

October 1 and 2—Registration for all regular stuhas never forgotten the charge of its founder to its

first principal: "Do not teach even the alphabet or the dents for Autumn Quarter.

multiplication tables without the spirit of God."October 3—Registration for all special students.

To this day that thought is uppermost at BYU. On Classwork begins.

this campus, the gospel is a serious study, and student Write to the registrar for a catalog.

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY PROVO, UTAH AUGUST 1951 547 Kyrflciat LJraan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, JMPROVEMENT MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF 'THE ERSTVOICE OF THE CHURCH"3L CLA of

ofcJLalter-dau Saintd

Editors: DAVID O. McKAY - JOHN A. WIDTSOE - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Manuscript Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT - Research Editor: ALBERT L.

ZOBELL, JR. - "Today's Family"Editor: BURL SHEPHERD

Contributing Editors: ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT - G. HOMER DURHAM

FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. - HUGH NIBLEY - LEE A. PALMER

CLAUDE B. PETERSEN - SIDNEY B. SPERRY

General Manager: ELBERT

Business Manager: JOHN R.D. CURTISGILES -- AssociateAdvertisingManager:Director: BERTHAVERL F.S. SCOTTREEDER THE COVER

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., Second

Counselor in the First Presidency, is featured on the Era cover this month.

The original photograph is the work of of five fourth is the Studio. This The Editor's Page Boyart

as covers. portraits used being fourcolor

Our Individual Responsibility..David Ch McKay 557 Yetportraitto beof publishedPresident isJosephthe fourcolorFielding

Smith of the Council of the Twelve.

Church Features President David O. McKay Honored

President David O. McKay Receives Temple University Citation 549

President David O. McKay Honored at Brigham Young University 550

OFFICES BUSINESS EDITORIAL AND University Honors of Utah David 554 C\ McKay

Street Main 50 North Evidences Reconciliations: and Brigham ReYoung CLVII—WasPresident St. Offices, North 50 Main Y.M.M.I.A. sponsible for the Mountain Massacre? Meadows

St. Offices, Main 40 North Y.W.M.I.A.

- 558 A. Widtsoe John

1, City Utah Salt Lake President Clark, the Reuben of Defender J, Gospel Jr., A

John A. Widtsoe 560 Copyright 1951 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a CorporaSome Highlights in the Appointments of President J. Reuben Associationtion of the ofYoungthe ChurchMen's Mutualof JesusImprovementChrist of

Clark, Jr. 592 Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subin foreign year, advance; price, scription $2.50 a Career Jr. 594 in Brief of President J. Reuben Clark,

in year, advance; 25c a $3.00 subscriptions,

.....Doyle Welfare Ranch 564 L. Green single copy.

Church Moves On.552 NoLiquor-Tobacco Column 588 asEnteredsecondclassat the Postmatter.Office,AcceptanceSalt Lake forCity,mailingUtah,

Melchizedek Priesthood....588 Presiding Bishopric's Page 590 of special rate of postage provided for in section

1103, Act of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

Special Features ThesolicitedImprovementmanuscripts,Era butis notwelcomesresponsiblecontributions.for unMeat is for Winter, Cold, or Famine Harold L. Snow 568 Allpostagemanuscriptsfor deliverymust andbe accompaniedreturn. by sufficient

, "This "Choose 572 You C* Josephson Day Marba of Address Change of the Religion Through and Eyes 576 Davey—Joanne Youth—Youth for required change of adnotice Square Spoken Temple From The Word include please ordering a change, Fifteen Whendays'

... Richard 584, of the magazine. issue L, Evans 604, slip from 606 dress.address a recent

Address changes cannot be made unless the old

Exploring the Universe, Franklin Today's Family Burl Shepherd address as well as the new one is included.

S. Harris, Jr 545 Fresh Fruit Chart 596

Smoothies Summer 597 National Advertising Representatives Times, These The Forthcoming a Successful Hostess? You Election, G. Homer Bell Durham....546 AreLouise....601 Price

On the Bookrack 578 Your Page and Ours 608 EDWARD S. RussTOWNSENDBuilding COMPANY

San Francisco, California Stories, Poetry EDWARDHENRYS. TOWNSENDG. ESCHEN,COMPANY

1324 Wilshire Blvd.

California 17, Los Angeles Plume White The Great Hager 567 Mark

V. LYTLE HARRY a Hill Scene 577 Blanchard Miles D, From Ave. 332 South Michigan

Winding Road, Anabel Armour....549 To Mountains, Vera White....555 SADLER ANDChicagoSANGSTON4, IllinoisASSOCIATES

In David's Words, Eloise Wade Poetry Page 556 342 Madison Ave.

Hackett 554 Delight in Words, Richard F. New York 17, N. Y.

Frontispiece, You Who Are New Armknecht 570 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

548 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA President McKay EAST OR f\eceiue5 4 WONDERFUL WAYS WEST Temple University S.P.'s WONDERFUL

Citation SAN FRANCISCO At the invitation of Temple University, President David, OVERLAND to Philadelphia went O. McKay

and delivered a commencement day address, June 14. There, Dr. CHICAGOSAN FRANCISCO

Edward R. McKay, Salt Lake Also the fast streamlined

City physician and graduate of City of San Francisco

Temple University, cited his father for the honorary degree of Doctor of Letters, saying:

"Because I cannot evaluate impartially the candidate for S.P.'s WONDERFUL NEW

Temple University's honors, Mr. President, let me speak only

from the record. He is the SHASTA

spiritual leader of a faith numbering a million persons. about

spent in the DAYLIGHT His life has been councils oL the Church, guiding PORTLANDSAN FRANCISCO its schools, heading its missions Also the new overnight abroad, writing books of docCascade streamliner trine and precept, and directing its business concerns. Prayer

and practical affairs being indivisible elements for members of S.P.'s WONDERFUL NEW this he communion, has been

trustee or executive officer of banks, insurance companies, seSUNSET curities corporations, mercantile enterprises, colleges, universities, health and welfare organizations, and community imLIMITED provement groups.

"With great personal pleasEW ORLEANSLOS ANGELES ure, Mr. President, and a deep

sense of privilege, I present to you for the honorary degree of

Doctor of Letters my father, David O. McKay, President of S.P.'s WONDERFUL NEW

the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints."

GOLDEN WINDING ROAD STATE

By Anobel Armour CHICAGOLOS ANGELES

Oeeinglong, how wide the road is and how

He whistles up a lilting summer song

And lets his brown toes curl into the dust,

Without a backward look, for lean boys must Explore a winding road and need no reason

Except that sun is high in this green season

And that there are a thousand things to see.

His head is tilted up, his stride is free AMERICA'S MOST MODERN TRAINS

And even if he finds no snake or toad,

The earth is his and this long winding For details, write 0. V. Gibson, General Agent, Southern Pacific,

road And so he walks with music on his lips lb South Main Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah

And life itself right at his fingertips!

AUGUST 1951 549.

,>5vX3s3si7\i>>&viX>5xrX9

FOWLER WATER HEATERS... President David O. McKay

shown at the time he received honorary degree at Brigham Young University.

i

David 0. McKayWemFoiA

Honored At

FOWLER HEATS WATER MOST EFFICIENTLY OF ALL... Brigham Young University

You'll choose right if you choose Fowler!..

because Fowler is the one right water heater for use in the Pacific Northwest. President David O. McKay delivered the baccalaureate address

Fowler was born here... designed and deto the graduates of Brigham Young University June 3. At

veloped under existing water and power graduating exercises June 4 he received the honorary Doctor conditions to provide most efficient electric of Humanities degree, with Dr. Christen Jensen, formerly acting

water heating service for families in this president of this Church university, giving this citation:

community. "David Oman McKay, honored and beloved leader of men.

From the early years of his life he has progressively become a

PROTECTION farmer, student, missionary, educator, father, Apostle, public servant, and now the presiding High Priest, and prophet, seer, keeps water rustfree; and revelator in the restored Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints. In the crowning years of his life he is active in all of

adds years to tank life these fields of endeavor.

Water never touches metal in a glasslined "Gifted in speech, he lends clarity and dignity to the princiFowler! Smooth, durable porcelain enamel ples of the gospel. His is a nobility of spirituality, a gentleness

bondedto-steel inside the tank prevents rust founded in love, and particularly in love for little children. He

and corrosion. This has a calmness born of long labor in perfect faith, a forcefulnessglasslike lining keeps

water naturepure, based on a sure vision of the kingdom of heaven, and uncomsafeguards family promising firmness where the principles of righteousness are health, eliminates the concerned.

problem of costly "Honored by calls to service, he has presided over the Weber tank replacement.

Stake Academy, was commissioner of education for the Church, 36 years of and has been a member of the governing boards of all three of proved performance the major universities in Utah. He has been chairman of the

For more than a Ogden Betterment League, the American Red Cross advisory third of a century board in Utah, the Utah Council of Child Health and Protection,

Fowler water heaters and the Utah State Centennial Commission, and an active particiservedhave users pant in many other similarly worthy causes.faithfully by providing abundant hot "In the economic realm he has for years been a director in

water at lowest cost numerous outstanding business organizations, many of which he for every household will now serve as president.

need. satisfying This "Having spent five years in active missionary work, including

isservice yours to enjoy when you buy a tour of every mission in the world [except the South African]

Fowler. and two years as president of the European Mission, he was in

See Fowler at your dealer's 1934 given charge of the entire missionary program of the Church.

or write for full information. Fiftytwo years of his life have been marked by service to the

Also manufacturer of Sunday Schools, which continue to claim his mature counsel and

FOWLER GAS WATER HEATERS to enjoy a choice place in his affections.

"Because he has given his life to his fellow men in every part of the world, because he is in his person and character what men everywhere might well aspire to be, because he stands for all that education would make of a servant of all in his Father's kingdom, this university, founded upon the principles responsible for his achievements, confers upon him the degree Doctor of

ELECTRIC WATER HEATER Humanities, honoris causa."

FOWLER MANUFACTURING COMPANY 2545 S. E. Gladstone. Portland 2, Oregon

550 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

"What's this Integration'they're attacking you for?"

One Of the COmplaintS now made about big companies like Standard Oil Company of California is that they practice "integration". This word is made to sound so evil that you

may wonder what it means as it's used in this case.

The fact is that integration is common in American businesses both large and small. They use it as a

natural part of their system of increasing efficiency, cutting costs and improving products. Integration doesn't

make a good company bad. To understand integration at

a glance, look at this parallel:

A fisherman takes his boat onto the ocean and makes his When the fisherman cleans his own fish, he has become catch. Standard discovers oil and brings it up out of the an integrated business. So, too, Standard. Like him, we work

ground. If both then sell—the fisherman to a buyer at wharfto put the product into the form you want. We refine the

side, and Standard to some buyer at the well—there's no crude oil we ourselves produce—turn it into gasoline, lubriintegration. But suppose each takes the next step.. cants, chemicals, and all the rest. This is integration.

iStt-5\ Jf-m

If the fisherman now carries his cleaned catch to the And if the fisherman then sells his product through a marketplace, he is further integrated, for he is now also in store of his own, he completes his integration. Standard does

the transportation business... as is Standard when we operit, too, through Companyowned stations (about 1 in 7 staate our own pipelines and tankers to carry oil from well to tions where Chevron gasolines are sold). Integration helps

refinery, or refined products to areas where they'll be used. us do better for you and the nation, and so for ourselves.

1 Cl J-jlfZG tO VLTIOW,.. Many people write to Standard asking pertinent questions

about the Company. We answer all letters individually, but some points seem of general

interest. We take this way of discussing them for every one. If you have a question, we urge

you to write in care of: "I'd Like to Know,"225 Bush Street, San Francisco 20, California.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

AUGUST 1951 551

THE CHURCH MOVES ON

Ar *Jjau Uo <=JJau Chronoioau KjP Church (Events

Q President David O. McKay decounselor, Elder Oscar W. Johnson.

May 1951 livered the annual baccalaureate Elder G. Homer Durham gave the

address to the graduating class of Brigconcluding talk of seven addresses ham Young University. under the general title "Invitation to

that President announced IT was9 9 radio hour the Faith,"on Church on of the D. CounElder Moyle Henry the Fielding of Smith Joseph KSL. cil delivered the bacthe of Twelve rethe ofCouncil Twelve would the of coun- A. Elder Widtsoe John Agriat State address calaureate Utah letters doctorceive of honorary an the chapel cil dedicated the of Twelve cultural College.degree from Brigham UniverYoung First the Terrace and of Washington dedicated Kimball Spencer Elder 4.sity, W. June Stake. (Utah) wards, Second Weber of the Fort and William the chapel

The Primary Association anPort Arthur Sunday School, Ft. WilAn allday Young Women's

nounced that about nine thouliam, Ontario, Canada, while on a tour Camp Institute was held at The sand Sea Gull Girls ( elevenyear olds of the North Central States Mission. Wigwam in Mill Creek Canyon, as a

are graduating this month. preJune conference session of the

\ President David O. McKay reMutual Improvement Associations.

2 (j The Primary Association's ceived an honorary doctor of Associated Press reported from "Children's Friend of the Air"humanities degree and President JoLondon that Tass, the Russian news began its sixth year of service to the seph Fielding Smith of the Council of agency, had quoted advices of the children of the intermountain area. It the Twelve received an honorary doccommunist news agency, Telepress,

is the first Church program to be regutor of laws degree at graduating rites from Helsinki, Finland, that L.D.S.

larly televised. of Brigham Young University. Elder missionaries were "distributing antiHarold B. Lee of the Council of the Soviet literature and lies about the

J 7 Bakersfield Stake organized Twelve delivered the commencement Soviet Union, the people's democfrom portions of the California address. racies, the Finnish communist party,

Mission with Elder Alan Pettit susthe Finnish democratic (communist) tained as president and Elders William fi Important meeting held at organizations, as well as conducting

E. Davies and Lincoln R. Slaughter, southern California Church welagitation against the SovietFinnish

as counselors. The following wards fare regional ranch at Perr is, Calitreaty."At Salt Lake City President

were organized: Bakerfield First, with fornia, with President J. Reuben Clark, Stephen L Richards denied the charges,

Bishop George William Gabbitas; Jr., of the First Presidency, Elder citing that missionaries have been speBakersfield Second, Bishop Albert Henry D. Moyle of the Council of the cifically instructed to avoid any politiLucian Lewis; Bakerfield Third, BishTwelve and chairman of the Church cal discussion and to keep themselves

op George Warren Willson; Taft, welfare committee, Elder Marion G. free of any taint concerning governBishop Howard Martin Pond; PorterRomney, assistant to the Council of mental matters.

ville, Bishop Don G. Christensen; and the Twelve, and assistant director, This week the Primary Associations

Lancaster Ward, Bishop Elden OverChurch welfare plan, and Elder Lester of the Church were beginning their lade. Three independent branches were F. Hewlett, an officer of Deseret Infirst yearround programs. Previously

created: Wasco, President Bernell J. dustries, in attendance. meetings of the organization were conEdwards; Delano, President Ronald fined to the public school months with

Rounds; Mojave, President LaSalle Q The First Presidency announced only a short summer recreational proHansen. Stake membership exceeds the appointment of Elder Lyman gram.

twentytwo hundred. Elders Harold S. Shreeve of Thatcher, Arizona, to It was announced that the Church

B. Lee and Henry D. Moyle were in preside over the Uruguay Mission, suchad purchased property at Nauvoo, Ilcharge of organizing this, the 186th ceeding President Frederick S. Willinois, for a Bureau of Information and

stake of the Church. liams. President Shreeve filled mishad called Elder and Mrs. Walter G.

Presiding Bishop LeGrand Richards sions for the Church in Argentina, Hogan of Bountiful, Utah, to be the dedicated the chapel of the Beaver 193638, and again in 194548. bureau directors.

Ward, Bear River (Utah) Stake! President David O. McKay delivered the commencement address at the I \ President David O. McKay de-

Q It was announced that the Young University of Utah. At these exerlivered the commencement adWomen's Mutual Improvement cises he was awarded an honorary docdress at Temple University, PhilaAssociation had prepared pins that tor of letters degree. delphia, Pa. The university conferred

would henceforth be available to offiPresident J. Reuben Clark, Jr., dedion him an honorary doctor of letters

cers and teachers of that organization cated the Bishop's Storehouse for the degree.

who had completed five, ten, fifteen, Southern California region, at East Games and recreation for young twenty, or twentyfive years of service. Los Angeles. women's camp sessions occupied most

of the day in a preconference pro-

I l\ Elder William Jackson O'Brygram of the June M. I. A. conference.

June 1951 ant, formerly first counselor, susDrama and speech festivals were tained as president of Idaho Falls held in the Bonneville Stake house and

Augusta Winters Grant, wid- (Idaho) Stake, with Elders Joseph A. the Colonial Hills Ward house. The

ow of President Heber J. Grant, Armstrong and Elmer S. Crowley as same program was presented at both

seventh President of the Church, died counselors. Released were President buildings.

at ninetyfour years of age, William Grant Ovard and his second {Concluded on page 607} 552 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

.. INDIE H E R /?/Af<x&t/

Since 1776 Americans have fought and died will be upheld as we present a solid front.

to hold their liberty. Such names as Bunker Hill, America will remain strong. Vital material

New Orleans, Gettysburg, Chateau - Thierry, will roll forth in everincreasing amounts to help

Pearl Harbor and Iwo Jima are symbolic of our assure victory for our fighting men. Factories,

all Americawill work overtime country's sacrifices for freedom and justice. Almines, farms—

as in past emergencies to preserve the American ways in time of crisis, Americans have forgotten way of life.

their differences to exert a unified effort to deTo this end Utah Copper Division is dedifeat a common enemy. cated. As in World Wars I and II, we will help

Today America stands in jeopardy. Again supply the copper so vitally needed in our presthe cherished ideals of freedom and equality ent emergency.

17761951 - THE SPIRIT IS THE SAME

\ -III

UTAH COPPER DIVISION KENNECOTT COPPER CORPORATION

A Good Neighbor Helping to Build a Better Utah

AUGUST 1951 553 University of Utah Honors President David 0. McKay

President David O. McKay

was the speaker at the University of Utah commencement exercises, June 9. As part of

those exercises President McKay received an honorary Doctor of

Letters degree, with Dr. C.

Lowell Lees, head of the speech department, making the presentation:

"Mr. President: I have the

great honor to present David Oman McKay, President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints; chairman of the

Utah Centennial Commission, former regent of the University of Utah, and [former trustee of] the Utah State Agricultural College; trustee of the Brigham

Young University; holder of

many other positions of trust throughout the state; advocate

for the promotion and enjoyment of the arts; teacher, administrator, and patron of education;

author, and world traveler.

"In recognition of his devotion to truth, goodness, and beauty; his exemplification of

the Master's teachings through his life and love of service—that acafco the leader of men must be the

servant of men, and his understanding that the worth of humanity lies in the dignity and relationof its human warmth behalf ships; I recommend, on is next door

of the board of regents and the faculty of the University of Utah that David Oman McKay be awarded the degree of Doctor when you of Letters, honoris causa."

You'll spend all but a few hours of your vacation at the western playground of your choice when you fly Western Air Lines. Weary days of driving

become restful hours of flying. The friendly

Counselaire at your Western ticket office—or your IN DAVID'S WORDS

authorized travel agent—will help you plan By Eloise Wade Hackett

a vacation at the great national parks of Canada, sincerity, or with his psalms such Utah... the Montana, Wyoming, Redwood

still joy, that and the Pacific HE Suchsang gratitude of... the Evergreen playground Empire

today Northwest. Take the skyway for a longer vacation!

His phrases come to our lips spontaneously

To meet our needs. In David's words we

4; - %;"; say:

"The Lord is my light... whom shall

I fear?"Lord "The is my shepherd... he leadWESTERN AIR LINES eth me."

"The earth is the Lord's and the fulness 'You see the real West with Western Air Lines'thereof."

trust "I in thee."

says in "RHUBARB"MILLAND starring RAY a troubled healing one finds balm

PERLBERGSEATON PARAMOUNT A PICTURE ManyIn saying over beloved psalm. some

554 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA YOU WHO ARE NEW TO MOUNTAINS

Vera White &

'o not approach them as you would greet

An unknown person, with an outstretched hand,

Eager for friendship on a foreign street.

Time sentinels the skyway where they stand!

Aloof as eagles on a flight of air

The mountains wait in solitude of strength,

Oblivious to your salute or stare

Until the universe has spun a length

Of tireless space for you. When many days

Of changing light about a changeless peak

Have folded curves and heights a million ways,

You will discern immensity you seek.

You who are new to mountains, do not try

To grasp too soon the shape of time and sky!

Crater Lake, Colorado,

at the foot of

Maroon Bell Peaks

Photograph by A. R. Leding

WHEAT FIELD WHILE FORESTS SING I TALKED WITH GOD

By Elaine V, Emans By Pansye H. Powell By Robert I. Burton

is there never what about a fieldASK in growing that grips wheat sun Of a BE thingsstill awhile and pause for simple I talkedAnd angerwithinGod;my soul, touched by his man,

Lest your esthetic blindness be revealed. Here where the troubled world, besieged grace,

Artist and poet and the veteran by fear, To love of God and fellow man, gave

Shrewd farmer watching it alike are caught Is trembling at the passing of this year. place.

courage, heart, from nature's offerFor long hypnotic moments by the gentle Take

I talked with God: ings. golden undulations, zephyrwrought.And

And old as earth is old, an elemental Be silent when the autumn forest sings The wound within my heart that lay

Beauty in wheat that waits its harvesting An elegy for summer; on the bier concealed,

quickly than by magic pow'r, was blossomings See nature's purple and hear More find, apparent Becomes soon to them who healed. of the beat Aloft southwardcompassed In looking see this thing: at a field, they

exquisite as mills canA flour grind, wings. I talked with God: loaves innumerable, crisplybrown,And

were all those blighting doubts has made no change; though men DispelledAnd supper laid, and families sitting down. Nature

and fears hush may Their songs of peace, and friend may turn That seared my anxious soul in former

SERMON IN THE SOIL Still tomountainfoe, shadows follow ancient years.

plan. By Beulah Huish Sadleir IMytalkedstubbornwith God:will subdued, I thereby won is signaled by each flaming bush, Autumn

seasons harvest what the seasons Humility to say, "Thy will be done."then with And

sow.To God—earth—with earth—and

As both my hands dug into sodIn dusk and dawn is certitude for man!

Hands browned with daylight's SUMMER VISITOR

Burning sun, Sensing the movement of By Bess Hagaman Tefft

Life begun.

the stone widenosed auto spraying saw Until in twilight's air blue warm rest tree. to the beneath come maple And These hands silent of mine prayer. I made

to ran with outstretched; She arms me alone—whileThey putting to roots knew

slim to be. clay But as she used and lovely knelt all had That God day. with me

to see divine wonderful you! "How What

Old trees you have—and such a lofty

GLEANER GIRL'S PRAYER We view!"smiled and talked; a little glow was

mine, By Bonnie Davis she saw the happiness I knew. To think

the for then time had come give strength to do thy will And meGOD, is of course,"lovely farm "The now, her to go.A turn not duty. And from my

Open my eyes that they may see frown?

Thy works in all their beauty. "But don't you die of loneliness when

snow Accept my thanks for all the Starts falling and you can't get to town?"

Blessings that on me you've bestowed

May I be thy humble servant How could I bridge the chasm of our lives?

I reach words would empty... Weak the gospel With code. as my

fear

... faintly I could.. only. now, murmur—Photograph by Darrel M. Stuart And spirit Let the guard my body

I don't "Oh, hast know. We both prefer given Thou to keep me

.. it. here."So that before come I may thee BOY AT DAWN

With the purest of thy sheep.

By Alma Robison Higbee Send my feet in righteous paths HAPPY WARRIOR lead to That thy throne me That see thy face I may once more HE voicewho alwaysto rout waited for his father's By Catherine E. Berry

And call thy kingdom "Home."Him from the soft and hazy cocoon of sleep ACK from the wars he came, a little

to see the tardy candles of the stars Awoke tired, B out, burn His tin LONGING Leaving the blackened wicks of night shutWith weary,hat droopingdirtstreakedfrom his facetousledandhead,tatBy Josephine J. Harvey Beyondteredthefarsmolderingand deep embers of dawn; he Knowingtered thatcoat,here were needed food and

his eyes, rubbed bed. nostrils the smell know of sage picStretched remembering yawned, andMY blue the hills, Where shadows lie upon nics lot Lake, on the corner revealed shambles on Winwood The

I content. should be And Blue, willowruffled that mirrored fight, water gallant a had enemy made The

skies, lupine else But peace was an armisigned—ror longing a does surgeWhy fried the chicken of boat, picnic basket through me The the endless story know To

cake, they of and faced with were shadows Whenstice Written ancient on an page?

ball that eagerness like a night. unthe was And

Why do I feel the urge to follow wound deep inside. Now snug in bed and lost in some dream

The trail of the fleetfooted doe He plunged into his trousers and made his world,

When spring comes up the valley? hasty way The earth moves on beyond the battle's

Downstairs and through the kitchen to the din,

As the shell speaks of the sea, graygreen world outside, Relaxed in sleep, his energy renewed

The wind is a song in my ear, Treading, in the dewy wetness, on the silver For that bright dawn when other wars

And the far, far acres call to me. heels of day. begin,

556 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA;s5n5S;3;Ss55sS\

Dm lpedldent Davld L/. /f/cy\at

Our Individual Responsibility

IS important that we all be impressed liberty of right, justice, and free speech."

ITwith our individual responsibility and that They were quieted; their manhood had been

we appreciate that this Church depends touched.

upon all the people, not upon just a few, and I believe that we all should carry out the that those who fail to carry their share of responsibility that is upon us, not merely responsibility are not wholly true to their because others have urged us to do so, but trust. because we have it in our souls to do it.

Fortunately, there are many members and And what is this responsibility that rests officers in the Church who are determined upon every member of the Church? In the

to carry out their individual responsibility 107th section of the Doctrine and Covenants not because it has been urged upon them by we find the following in the 99th verse:

someone else but because they know that it "Wherefore, now let every man learn his is their individual responsibility. duty, and to act in the office in which he is

I believe we should be influenced in this appointed, in all diligence."(Italics added.)

as, reputedly, a group of sailors were many Two principles in that admonition stand decades ago. It was during the antislavery out: first, the learning, the knowing what

agitation, and a meeting was called in Fanueil one's duty is; second, to act in all diligence in

Hall, Boston. It seems that these sailors the performance of that duty.

had been hired to break up the meeting. To know one's duty, to learn the truth, is

They went there in a body, danced around the duty of every Latterday Saint, of every on the floor, sang, shouted, and in every way man and woman in the world, including those possible tried to prevent the speakers from outside of this Church. There is a natural

addressing the meeting. In vain were they feeling which urges men and women towards

appealed to: Their love of liberty, the memtruth; it is a responsibility placed upon manory of their old home, the honor of Massakind. But that responsibility rests upon the

chusetts were all invoked; but still they Latterday Saints in greater degree than

continued their disturbance and refused to be upon their fellow men—because the Latterquiet. day Saints have learned the truth that the

Suddenly a man, evidently one of their everlasting gospel has been restored.

own number, arose. Quieted for a moment But knowing a thing, or merely feeling an

by his appearance, and thinking they had assurance of the truth, is not sufficient. "To

found a champion, the mob ceased its noise. him that knoweth to do good, and doeth it

The man said, "Boys, I would not be quiet not, to him it is sin."(James 4:17.)

unless I had a mind to."Encouraged by this This thought brings us to consider the

remark, the mob burst into loud applause, second duty mentioned in this revelation by which lasted some minutes. When it ceased the Prophet Joseph Smith: "Wherefore, now

because of the men's desire to hear more, the let every man learn his duty, and to act in man continued: "No, I would not be quiet the office in which he is appointed, in all

if I didn't have a mind to, but if I were you, diligence."The man who knows what his

/ would have a mind to, not because of the duty is and fails to perform it is not true memory of this hall, not for the honor of (Concluded on following page)

Massachusetts, not for loyalty to her government only, but because you are men; and

honorable men always stand up for the

AUGUST 1951 557 THE EDITOR'S PAGE (Concluded from preceding page) First, perhaps, upon the bishopric. As the

to himself; he is not true to his brethren; he is bishop sits there, let him look around and notice

not living in the light which God and conscience if all the presidents of the various organizaprovide. This comes right home to you and tions in the ward are present. Let him note

to me. When conscience tells me that it is if the presidents of the priesthood quorums are

right to go along in a specified line, I am not absent.

true to myself if I do not follow that. Oh, I But it is not the bishop's sole responsibility;

know we are swayed by our weaknesses and this Church rests upon all and not upon a few.

by influences from without; but it is our duty If one of the presidents of seventy's quorum in

to walk in the straight and narrow path in the that ward is present, and he finds that some of performance of every duty! the seventies are absent, the responsibility of

And mark this: Every time we have opporbringing them to meeting rests upon him. If

tunity and fail to live up to that truth which is presidents of the various quorums of deacons within us, every time we fail to express a good are present, they should note what quorum thought, every time we fail to perform a good members have absented themselves from that act, we weaken ourselves and make it more meeting and let them assume the responsibility difficult to express that thought or perform that of visiting those members. And so throughout

act in the future. Every time we perform a the various organizations in that ward.

act, feeling, time every noble a good we express is is It the responsibility, then? Where

it easier that act or express to perform make we be, it to divided as it should be, as God intends feeling time. that another

among the people composing the Church of I am reminded of the story of the woman who "felt"sympathy; she knew how to sympabilityJesus Christdoes notof Latterdayrest upon theSaints:officersthe responsialone; it

thize with the poor heroine on the stage. This

lady sat in her box, comfortable in her furs rests upon the members also. God has blessed

truth; the of us with a knowledge and the and fine silks, and as she looked at the perof the truth unless is not knowledge enough

formance, she wept in sympathy with the is expressed, unless it is bringing others to thatit heroine who was suffering imaginary torments; knowledge. That is the spirit and responsibility

and while that woman was sympathizing with of the Latterday Saint, and it rests upon us the stage heroine, her own coachman froze to all.

death on the carriage seat outside, because of insufficient clothing. Every man, every woman, every boy and

It is not enough to "feel"; we must act so girl must bear a part of the responsibility of

that it will benefit somebody. this Church.

Let us look around in our own ward next Sun- "Wherefore, now let every man learn his day and try to estimate how many of the Latterduty,"and act in all diligence in the performance day Saints are absent from the sacrament of it.

meeting. It may be that a majority are absent. "He that is slothful shall not be counted

And those who are absent without a real excuse worthy to stand, and he that learns not his are neglecting one of the duties of a Latterday duty and shows himself not approved shall not

Saint. Upon whom does the responsibility of be counted worthy to stand."(See D. & C.

bringing in these brethren and sisters rest? 107:99100.)

Was Brigham Young Responsible for the Mountain Meadows Massacre?

THE gradual settlement Missouri, left Salt Lake City

INof the West many unlawvDu. Aokvi Xr. Vwidtsoe for southern California, travful events occurred. PracOF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE eling along the line of settletically every western state ments southward via Parohas a cemetery in which deswan, Utah. On the way

peradoes, shot or hung by Evidences they seemed to delight enemies or personal by hisburied. the AND ingin aggravatboth Inpeople, are The

tory of the state of Utah is Reconciliations dians and s4vi Arnswer to the singularly free from such ocCLVII Mormons.

currences, except for the terThey camped for a rest rible Mountain Meadows in the wellwatered MounMassacre. In the late summer o f 1857 a corntain Meadows, lush with grass. On September

pany of emigrants, chiefly from Arkansas and 14, 1857, they were attacked and more than 558 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 120 persons killed by a band of Indians in comduties to take our egg and butter accumulation, pany, so it is said, with some white persons. It commodities of exchange in those days, to the

was a terrible affair. egg and butter house of Z.C.M.I. It was a

Around the story of the horrible mass murder small building a little to the rear of the large a large literature has grown up, chiefly against Z.C.M.I., store building. The worker in charge

the Latterday Saints. The Mormon haters there was a man who to my boyish eyes was

found in this unspeakable massacre a mouthful old, perhaps in his sixties. His name was

to use in their antiMormon hunting. So widely James Holton Haslam. He and I became

has this event been discussed in local gossip, good friends. Eager for knowledge, I disremaining documents, several fedcovered that he was the courier

eral trials, and in books and pamwho traveled the road between; phlets that what is known about it Salt Lake City to Parowan and

has become a commonplace. back to help President Young

Just what were the causes of the establish friendly feelings among massacre, and who, aside from the the emigrant company, the setIndians, were participants are not tlers, and the Indians. The Inreally known. John D. Lee, as dians were giving chief concern.

Indian agent, up to that time of irHe described minutely the trip reproachable reputation, was confrom Cedar City to Salt Lake City victed, whether justly or not, and riding three hundred miles in three executed. Then the law seemed days, to warn President Young that

satisfied. trouble for the traveling company

As usual in those days, nonwas brewing in the south. Brigham

Mormons heaped the blame on the Young was greatly troubled. WithChurch through Brigham Young. in a few hours after his arrival

However, the many legal investiBrother Haslam was again in the gations have cleared President saddle to instruct the people at

Young and his colleagues. Parowan and neighboring comSeveral books have been written munities to do everything in their

on the thesis that Brigham Young power to protect the emigrants.

and George A. Smith by their public utterances When he reached Parowan, the massacre had

inflamed the people, until the massacre occurred. already occurred. He had come too late!

This is nonsense to anyone really acquainted He described to me in detail his meeting with with the history of the Latterday Saints. First, President Young. As he recounted the events

these sermons were such as any courageous of the massacre as far as he learned them, and people would speak under unjust persecution. he had every opportunity of knowing them

The forebears of the speakers had helped to intimately, President Young wept. The Presiform the United States of America. The blood dent did everything in his power to prevent any

of freedom ran in their veins. Second, if the tragedy. He knew that if he failed his people,

speeches had been such as to lead to murder, trained to live in peace and to give love for how can it be explained that the Mountain hate, they would be charged with the commisMeadows Massacre was the only criminal act sion of the crime. He had suffered persecution

of the kind in the year when feelings ran high with his people for many years. Moreover, he

because Johnston's Army was on its way to understood the horror of taking life.

Utah? Any remarks by Brigham Young inThe Latterday Saints had been persecuted

flaming the people to murder would not have and driven from place to place since the beginbeen concentrated in Parowan and Cedar City, ning of the Church. He and the people prayed

Iron County. There were plenty of opportunifor peace to continue their work of redeeming

ties for such acts, to some degree, in many other the stubborn desert for human use. This

Utah places. Strangers were passing through terrible massacre would only intensify the

the state from many places. The theory of the hatred against the Latterday Saints.

books which in the main rehash wellworn facts, cannot be accepted by wellinformed In righteous anger Brother Haslam defended to me as he had done in the courts and elsepeople.

where Brigham Young against the charge of

Here is my personal testimony as to the story being an accessory to the criminal act of the of the Mountain Meadows Massacre: Mountain Meadows Massacre. He was very

As a lad I worked in the Main Street Store convincing to me; and a boy is not easily fooled.

of the United Order When later I read Brother Haslam's testi- /O I) Jl I Building and Manufacturmony in the question and answer method, as\cJne*>tioviS Or UjOVlth ing Company in Logan, published in the The Journal, Logan, Utah, Utah, commonly known

I became more than ever as the U. O. The Logan Branch of Zion's December 4, 1874,

Cooperative Mercantile Institution, familiarly convinced that he told the whole and absolute known as the Z.C.M.I., was on the corner, one truth, and that Brigham Young was wholly

half block down the street. It was one of my {Concluded on page 589)

AUGUST 1951 559 The family of J.

Reuben Clark, Sr.,

about 1892. Left to

right, front row, Mary Louisa Woolley, John, Samuel, Alice, Lucille; back PRESIDENT J.

row, Esther, Elmer, J. Reuben, Jr., Edwin, and Frank. Goryoungest the don,

child, born in v <=JJ)erenaer was 1893.

want to be tamed. Life was very

simple in these little towns. Simple

food and simple pleasures were the

The birthplace of J. Reuben Clark, Jr., Grantsorder of the day; but there existed

ville, Utah. also high ambitions.

Grantsville, Tooele County, The cement which held them toUtah, (population today 1,536) gether was the gospel of Jesus is one of the many little settleChrist restored by the Prophet Joments founded by the Latterday seph Smith. The guide in all underSaints when they set out to conquer takings was the same gospel. Every

the inhospitable and unfriendly desfamily prayed together daily; every

ert in the Great Basin of North social gathering was opened and

America. These towns became unclosed with prayer; the day's labor

wittingly social and economic exwas understood to be a contribution perimental communities in which to the latterday building of the

Two early photographs of President Clark.

many of the problems that vex the kingdom of God; all serious connations were solved successfully. versations centered upon the eternal

Out of them have come many of the truths of existence, for which any strong men who have fostered the price would be paid. Life in these

Church throughout the years. settlements approached the hopes

The communities were much like of men throughout the ages. No

large families; all knew one another; wonder Grantsville and the towns

the sorrows or joys of one were the like it produced men great before sorrows or joys of all. The towns God and powerful before their felwere also melting pots of many nalows.

tionalities. Americans, Scotch, and It was into such a community

At the time of his English, Germans, and Scandina- (Grantsville) that Joshua Reuben marriage, September Laucine Anneita Savvians, with a sprinkling of repreClark, Jr., an Apostle of the Church

14, 1898. his wife. age Clark,

sentatives of other lands rubbed since October 1934, and member of shoulders there in the toil of subthe First Presidency since April 9, duing the desert. Everybody had 1933, was born September 1, 1871.

to work, from childhood up, or It was in such an environment starve. The desert was an imthat he was trained; with such

placable foe licking its chops to ideals he began his life's work. No

defeat the invaders. It did not wonder that as the youth carried

President Clark as a major in Clark's President wife 1919. and children about First the Judge General's Advocate Ofrow, J. Reuben Clark, III; Luacine C. (Mrs. Orval ficers'Fox); back Corps. 19171918. Reserve

row, Marianne (Mrs. Ivor Sharp); Sister Clark; Louise (Mrs. For his service he received the

J. Reuben Clark, Jr., lower right, was graduated from the Mervyn S. Bennion). Distinguished Service medal.

University of Utah in 1898 with a bachelor of science degree.

Others in graduating class were: Ralph Vara Chamberlin,

Mary Elizabeth Connelly (Mrs. Andrew Kimball). Second

row, Ray Riggs (Mrs. David O. McKay); Herbert Thayer

Hills, Albert Johannsen.

560 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA REUBEN CEARK, JR.

LjoSpei affairs, and walked\Jf Jhe off with all available collegiate honors.

By JOHN A. WIDTSOE Naturally he beOF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE came a marked man

among his fellows.

The redoubtable Dr.

out the plan of his life's work, he James E. Talmage,

succeeded and won the acclaim of later a member of his fellows. the Council of the

He was wellborn. His father Twelve, recognized

Joshua Reuben Clark, patriarch in the qualities of mind the Church, was a veteran of the and character of the

Civil War who came to Utah on young man and made his way to Montana, was caught by him his assistant in the truth of the restored gospel and the museum then in returned to Utah. His mother was the making and also

a daughter of Edwin D. Woolley of later when Dr. Talfamous pioneer stock. mage became presi-

J. Reuben Clark, Jr. A persistence in the young man's dent of the univerPresident

character and a high ambition drove sity. It was invaluhim on. Toil did not matter. He able training to be

loved it; he was used to it. He was under the tutelage of

taught the dignity and necessity of this great man, who work and has practised it all his loved accuracy so life. He loved learning. He would well that the letter

have knowledge and would pay the "S"upside down on price for it. So he moved from a page tore into his

Grantsville's school (he has restored very soul. Pitifully

the building ) to the Latterday small was the allowSaints University, now closed, then (Continued on following to the University of Utah where page) the regulation that required six years to graduate took its defeat from the sharpwitted student who atPresidentthe timeClarkhe (left)pregraduated in four years. He was sentedas Ambassadorhis credentialsExtravaledictorian of his class, editor ordinary and Plenipoof the school paper, president of tentiaryStates toof Mexicothe Unitedin

the student body, leader in student Rubio.1930 to President Ortiz

In 1926, President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., as acting Secretary of State, with President Calvin Coolidge and Walter S. President Clark as a delegate to the seventh International Conference

Gifford, president of the American Telephone and Teleof American states, Montevideo, Uruguay. He is sixth from the right on

graph Company, on the occasion of opening the telephone the front row. Cordell Hull, Secretary of State, is at the extreme left on

line between the United States and Spain. the front row.

AUGUST 1951 561

1945: President to 1934 Heber First Church from Presidency of the The sister. his brothers President Clark with Photograph taken and

Jr., left, J. Clark, President J. David (center). and President Reuben Grant Clark's in President library recently at his home.

O. McKay.

PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. Throughout their lives together she

(Continued from preceding page) After graduation he married the carried nobly her part in the responance for the service rendered, but girl of his choice, Luacine Savage, sibilities and honors that came to it was a welcomed addition to the daughter of C. R. Savage, promithem. She helped raise to useful,

support of the learninghungry, amnent pioneer and founder of respected maturity their son and bitious boy from Grantsville. the movement to honor old folk. three daughters. When she died in

1944, a host of sorrowing friends spoke of her virtues, her competent, intelligent, ladylike qualities, and l/l/orcid or K-jwidiance her devotion to the work of the

Lord.

By PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. Five years of schoolteaching folFROM B.Y.U. COMMENCEMENT ADDRESS, JUNE 7, 1949 lowed his university work, in Heber

City, the Salt Lake Business College, as principal of year and one is the nearest substitute for genius, and genius without work is the School Workbarren. Branch Normal ( now the

If more people had to work for a living, instead of talking for Branch Agricultural College) at it, the world would be better off. Work for your living, the experience Cedar City. The good will he won

and habit may come in handy some time. in these places has followed him

Beyond price are the worth and strength of men's trust in our down the years.

integrity; their idle praise lends us no help.

A wise man learneth his own strength, but a fool thinketh he hath But, as happens to all young men no weakness. of ambition, he sought further prepThe censure of just men is our disgrace; but the jealous, cavilling aration for life. So with borrowed

of the unrighteous is our honor. money he crossed the continent with

The bigotry of unbelief is just as tyrannical as the bigotry of belief. his wife and two small children, to

Men are prone to condemn and deride in others the abilities and Columbia University in New York qualities of character they do not themselves possess. City, to study law. There his power

Do not declare as a vice in others a trait you claim as a virtue in of logical analysis and his intelyourselves.

Dignity is often the cloak with which vanity enshrouds mediocrity. lectual industry were recognized

Neither a facile pen nor a glib tongue is a necessary counterpart almost at once. From the earliest

of wisdom. years he has had the ability to dig

It is greater, infinitely so, to lead men's minds than to conquer their down to the bottom of things whethbodies or control their wills. er in statesmanship or religion. He

Modesty and virtue are now going at such a premium that many became one of the editors of the people are closing out all they have. Columbia haw Review. When one

The peace of an upright heart is more precious than place or of the eminent professors was writpower or riches. ing books, Elder Clark was called

voice of God. revelation—theOut of the mists and shadows of history comes the certainty of in to help, that is, to gather data,

yourselves an impregnable fortress of righteousness, to arrange, and to edit. This not Build around

and then depart not from your citadel. only helped eke out his slender

For your social contacts purse but was also good training

Weep not too much over the parting guest, lest he remain on and for the man who later was to do so dull the edge of hospitality; nor be too gay at his going lest he misnotable work in governmental and

take your feeling and believe he has overstayed his welcome. Church affairs. At length, the

coveted LL.B. degree was won in

562 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1906. Now he could really begin

his professional work. >

His country needed him. His

reputation had preceded him. So

he stepped from the law school into the post of assistant solicitor for the state department under Elihu

Root, then United States secretary od'aJGmA'>'of state. After four years of distinguished service there, he was '////'/?///

appointed, in 1910, solicitor, the chief legal officer of the department of state, ranking as an assistant attorney general. Some years later, r ////iAMrw>S jf>-flWwwvy >

after he had gone into private practice, he was appointed under secretary of state, the second chief nonelective post in the department.

During this service in the state department he moved more and more Av /4r AW// rjf/<ftr 'fr/f/tr wfrt.ft/Hf srrj"A"#'/?f'f > *.Ss

into the field of international law, in which he became a foremost '- "'-J- / V authority and is so recognized today. Scores of cases of national

importance, with his memoranda UttfU*-.

and conclusions, have been handed down to help workers in the state department and others of the presthe UnitedPresidentStates.Clark Presidentserved inHerbertimportantHoovergovernmentappointedpositionshim Ambassadorunder sevenExtraordinarypresidents andof

ent day. J. Reuben Clark, Jr., the Plenipotentiary to Mexico in 1930.

Grantsville boy, won from his work in the United States state departsilver chevrons and the Distinmany of them that it seems useless ment an international reputation. guished Service medalto repeat them. They range from

In 1913 he entered private pracHowever his love of the gospel the settlement of international diffitice in New York and Washington, and for his beloved homeland led culties to personal claims of citizens

D. C, but in 1 9 1 7 he was called into him and his life companion with against this and foreign governofficial service again, commissioned their family back to their home herments.

a major the surroundings of their in the Army of World War itage, In 1927, Dwight Morrow, W.

I and assigned to the youth. judge advoto Mexico, ambassador asked Elder

cate general's office. There he In 1921 he transferred his law Clark to become his legal adviser,

rendered help in formulating selecpractice to Salt Lake City. For since serious Mexican conditions

tive service regulations, in the profive years he maintained his Salt needed solution by a wellinformed cedure of demobilization, and in Lake offices, constantly interrupted and trustworthy person. While in

disposing of a barrage of problems by calls for assistance from the this position he rendered outstandarising as World War I went on federal government. In fact, after ing service. From 1928 to 1930 he

and ended. It fell to him to formuhis resignation from the state deserved as under secretary of state.

late and rewrite the second selective partment he received appointments He served less than two years but service plan. In recognition of his and calls for help which occupied gave great service which is still

war service he was awarded three much of his time. There are so recognized and used in governmental offices. Notable among them

Operating the valve which of is regulates the the flow his memorandum on Monroe inMaking friends with two of the colts raised on his farm. water from an artesian Gtantswell on his farm Doctrine, representing the of views ville.

the state department and the administration of the doctrine which today is one of the bulwarks of world peace.

In 1930 he was appointed U. S.

ambassador to Mexico. During his

threeyear service he helped settle many an international controversy, such as the oil rights of foreigners in Mexico, the correct boundary lines between Mexico and the United States, the settlement of individual claims between the two coun-

- {Continued on page 592) AUGUST 1951 563 Machine sheds.

Entrance to ranch. To the right ot the gate can be seen the office building. The manager's residence

is on the left.

cost of $10,000.00 a mile. All of sides the manager's residence and

the buildings, including nine dwelltwo guest cottages. In addition,

ing houses and duplexes, stables, literally hundreds of persons can offices, hay barns, machine shops, be provided with sleeping quarters,

Bunkhouse. dairy barns, poultry houses, granand a large commissary, kitchen, and

ary, bunkhouse, and mess hall are dining room are sufficient for almost any occasion. Literally everything

painted white red with needed a success of farmto make Faith, trimmings. Carefully landplanned

is activities ing or ranching at hand. hard work—allunity, cooperation,these traits haveand uniformly

been demonstrated to a marked scaping is everywhere in evidence. It is indeed a dream project. Elder

degree by Latterday Saints in the Lawns, flowers, fruit trees, shrubs, Henry D. Moyle of the Council of

Southern California area in the purand hedges adorn the project. The the Twelve stated on one occasion,

chase and operation to date of what irrigation system, which alone cost "This farm is far beyond the imagihas been called as much as the nation of any of us in the welfare "the most grand; -:smmw people of the program."

and glorious of |HHBJiF southern C a 1 i - The story of how the ranch was all Church welfornia stakes are obtained by the Church is a fascifare projects,"paying for the nating one. The property was forthe Southern entire ranch, merly owned by Louis B. Mayer,

California region noted motion picture producer. He

welfare ranch. is reported to have spent some twoSituated in the andone-half million dollars in deOne ofcenter of the Perthe many veloping the property and building barns. modern

ris Valley, Riverit into the famous race horse breedside County, seving farm that it was. Such track

enty miles east southeast of the greats as Your Host, Be Faithful, heart of Los Angeles and fifteen Honeymoon, and Stepfather knew miles southeast of Riverside, this the farm as their home.

fabulous project includes 504 Some three years ago Mr. Mayer

acres of welldeveloped, irrigated sold the property to the Statler farmland enclosed and divided by a sixfeet-high, heavyduty chain link fence, with posts set in concrete. On the property are fortythree wellcared for, modern buildings, forty feed sheds, and as many One of forty feed sheds.

automatic watering troughs, a high pressure water system servicing all takes water to all parts of the propof the buildings, and an undererty though eighteeninch, underground irrigation system supplied ground pipes.

by seven pumping stations. SufEquipment which came with the Maintenance departments.

ficient equipment to operate and ranch includes five trucks, a station maintain the entire farm is included. wagon, four tractors, three hay Hotel interests, who after operating

The striking physical appearance bailers, hay rakes, plows, harrows, the farm about a year decided to of the farm and the utter vastness and discs. Shops are completely sell it to a charitable organization.

of the project are what impress a equipped. There are modern acOne of the attorneys working on

casual visitor most. The thirtyfive commodations to house comfortably the sale knew of the Church of

miles of fencing was installed at a ten families in separate units beJesus Christ of Latterday Saints 564 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I n fornia,the centerseventyof theSmilesPerrisfrdmpntown:''Mnge%isValley, Riverside County, Callthe

Southern bitl&u.% y> iiniff'irfcii3[-'h Is f&

project, formerty up of galvanized iron drivein haybarn. "5$$$&-r:, >a.'i?&ei&&*..-*

It is indeed a dream project

and our welfare program and made a contact by letter to see whether the Church would be interested in buying the property.

Months of investigation followed.

First to visit the farm was Brother

Moyle; next Elders Joseph Fielding

Smith and Harold B. Lee inspected

the property and made their report. A subsequent visit to the farm

was made by Elder Lee and Elder and Sister Henry Jorgensen. Elder

Jorgensen, now manager of the ranch, 4was then president of the

Palo Alto Stake. He later spent

about two months on the property making all types of tests and investigations. President David O. McKay

was among the first to visit the ranch.

On the 19th and 20th of June, 1950, members of the stake presidencies of the ten stakes in the

Southern California welfare region met with Brother Moyle on the {Continued on following page)

One of two beautifully landscaped paddocks surrounded by modern stables.

Kitchen, commissary, and dining room.

This former broodmare barn now houses hogs.

AUGUST 1951 tations regarding it and our Heavenly Father's regarding us, you'll do more to preach the gospel of

Jesus Christ than all the missionaries you will send out otherwise to do the same job. This is your opportunity, and here with this acquisition properly developed will come

a greater influence and a greater appreciation for Latterday Saint people in Southern California than you have ever experienced before."

Henry Jorgensen, manThe stakes and the wards at this ager of the Perris meeting assumed the responsibility Ranch.

of raising, in two weeks time, $100,- 000.00 to make a down payment on

the property. The total amount

Fifteen hundred people gathered for historic meeting on June 8. seemed large, but actually it

amounted to about only one dollar

Welfare Ranch a discordant note, and one of the per capita. Even so some of the

"poorer"thought wards they might life ago or two a week difficulty in have raising the money. buildin of these one (Continued from preceding page) wasthrillsto ofsit myhere

ranch and decided they would ings on this farm before we had When the bishops placed the proporecommend to the people of their taken it over, with your regional sition before the people, there was a stakes that the ranch be purchased. council... and I saw the unanimity spontaneous response. A number

The plan was to calculate all costs with which they acted, inspired as of the wards raised double theand expenses -—and profits—on a they all were by the same spirit, to amount required. One ward's share

per capita basis with everyone to say to us as a general committee that of the total was nine hundred dolshare and share alike. They saw in lars. During -the first week only

the project an opportunity to turn a small portion of the money was a richman's play ranch into a projraised. In sacrament meeting the

ect on which their welfare budgets people were called upon again to could be produced. participate. After the meeting a

Then on July 1 some eight hunworking girl turned over to the dred and fifty people, including bishop ninety dollars that she had stake presidencies, members of high saved for her vacation. That started

councils, bishoprics, and their famthe landslide and before that week ilies gathered at the ranch. In the was over sixteen hundred dollars

evening a barbecue was held, and had been contributed in that ward afterwards about eight hundred peralone.

sons met in an historic meeting in In two weeks time the payment a large quonset hut which served as was made.

a hay barn. Representing the GenDuring the year that has passed

eral Authorities of the Church at since the property was taken over the meeting were Elders Lee, (July 26, 1950) work has gone

Moyle, Marion G. Romney, and steadily forward to turn the ranch

Bishop LeGrand Richards. into an efficient welfare project. The

All of the stake presidents spoke balmy southern California climate at the meeting as did the four Genproduces six or seven crops of alPresidenteral Authorities. In speaking of the J. Reuben Clark, Jr., addressing gatherfalfa a year, and the barns are bulgat ranch. ing

ranch Elder Moyle said, "It seems ing with baled hay. The lush, yearto have come down from heaven they wanted to take this project over round pastures where once grazed

and fallen in our laps. I don't know for the benefit of the people of the "elite of turfdom"now furnish

of a single project in the Church in southern California."feed for rapidly growing herds of

our fourteen years history that has In instructing those present beef cattle, dairy cows and sheep, gone through in such a manner as Brother Lee promised: "If you on and flocks of chickens. What was

this has today. I can truthfully say this project will be a united people, formerly a broodmare barn is now

that associated as I have been with if you will develop this welfare an extensive hog house. A former

this project since the First Presiprogram to the limit of our expecstallion barn, constructed with varfirst to us thedency turned over nished, knotty pine stalls, is being '-Pictures by William M. Walsh, Deseret News, that I haven'tcorrespondence heard the author (Continued and on page 580)

"/ had never fished with anything better than a willow pole...."M

*A*\.W

The Great White Plume -;&m%9er

Honaker's big store stocked money. While I looked at the new the counter and placed the hat

Mr.some fishing rods and reels fishing rods and reels, I saw Mrs. with the quivering plume back in

that made my heart ache one Wimmer back in the store with the big round box.

spring, for I'd never fished with Ethel, her little granddaughter, who As I hurried home, I wondered anything better than a willow pole. had been staying with old Mrs. whether I could coax my mother

It was Friday evening that I Wimmer after Mr. Wimmer died. out of three dollars to buy me a new

first saw them in the store window, Mrs. Wimmer was trying on a fishing rod and reel so that I would

and next day would be Saturday new spring hat. I remember the not be ashamed to fish with the

and no school, and I could fish! great plume in the hat... misty other boys.

I got home, I slung myI slipped inside where some other and quivery, and how Mrs. WimWhen

boys were buying them and picked mer's eyes danced when she put it book strap across a chair back and one up. I tried it for swing and on and looked at herself in the big started for the kitchen to feel in

balance, and the cork grip felt mirror. the money cup, but I backed out.

good in my hand. I remember hearing her talking I had to wait until my mother went

kids knew Then I looked at the price tags. to old man Honaker about how out of the kitchen. We

The cheapest one was three dolshe loved spring hats with white always to feel in the cup first to lars. Three dollars was big money plumes, and her talk sounded cusee whether she had the money

to me when I was fourteen because rious to me. She said she had as before asking her, for it always

if didn't she her to hurt in the seemed out to right bloom much from to come had my moneymy it. for asked did, we when tree have money the old apple as springtime the of on top cupmother's money

I slipped in,kitchen cabinet. and then she went on to tell how When she went out,

Yet other boys seemed to have the blossoms seemed to be whiter and felt in the cup, but there were no trouble in raising three or five with each new springtime. only the three silver dollars. Each of

dollars, and they could buy fishing "Yes,"she said, "the old tree's the dollars had the year on it that rods and reels. Even old Mrs. dying, twig by twig, but I reckon one of us kids was born, and I knew

for mother asking no use will my was last be just as it blossom past the have been mustWimmer—she

I dollars, silver just went so. these gay... white and dead,seventy, and Mr. Wimmer

tossed three dollars on {Continued on page 602)and her a widow—she could have Then she

AUGUST 1951 567 ND it is pleasing unto me that "A theyused, [meats]only in timesshouldof...winter,be L5 for or of cold, or famine,"( D. & C. 89: MEAT

13.) For ideal health, meat, like all other good foods, should be eaten ing interferes with the mechanism as animal flesh. We are here dissparingly.15 * We have learned from that aids in the loss of excess body cussing meat rather than protein

science as well as from the Latterheat. 1 This interference is called because meat is the protein source

day Saint scriptures, that cold the specific dynamic action (S.D.- most likely to be overeaten. One

A.) of meat. (See Fig. 1.) For this seldom overeats vegetable and grain

reason, a low protein diet is more proteins.

30% logical than one high in protein in The S. D. A. is explained6 as

warm weather.1 Especially, hard follows: When an animal with a

workers who are exposed to the basal metabolism of 100 calories sun, humidity, and industrial sources daily is given 100 calories of food of heat should be interested in how in the form of protein, his metabmuch meat they consume during hot olism is stimulated to the extent of weather. {See Fig. 2.) It is under130 calories (thirty percent in-

6% stood that protein is needed daily crease). In the case of carbohy-

4% throughout life for growth or for drates, this amounts to six percent repair of wornout tissue; but proand for fats it is four percent. (See

tein is found in vegetables as well Fig. 1.)

FAT CARBOHYDRATE PROTEIN

Fig. 1, Specific dynamic action (S.D.A.) of vari59* 6! 48C

indicated the shows foods. The percentage ous I5 (heat) stimulated increased of amount metabolism3 food. particular '3.8—fc Fig. 3. Comparative cost by that

a pound of food.

HAM BEEF STEW BREWERS DRY SKIM WHEAT 89 OR ROAST YEAST MILK (WHOLE)

$3.54

$.96

Fig. 4. Comparative cost $43 $23 of protein from pound a

same foods as in Fig. 3.

HAM BEEF STEW BREWERS DRY SKIM WHEAT

WINTER SUMMER OR ROAST YEAST MILK <WH0LE> (40'F) (87'F)

Fig. 2. Excess heat calories1 from equal meat meals 500 in summer. winter and in

weather is the best time to eat meat.

125 this scriphave interpreted Many 100—, > tural admonition than /, given more t

a hundred and eighteen years ago 75 as simply a warning against meat i spoilage before the days of modern Fig. 5. Daily average in'

refrigeration. There are good physitakeTheseof proteinvalues inmaygrams.9be

ological reasons, however, for meat closerto an averageto an idealintakethanot better being a winter food than a protein.

f. / ) 1 3 4 5 food. summer

During warm weather meat eatPOLAR REGIONS TEMPERATECOUNTRIES AVERAGE COUNTRIESWARM *Numbers refer to bibliography at end of article.

568 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA,WINTER, COLD, FAMINE A person is twice taxed by eati5u.Afaroid cyL. J)ow Mjh

ing more meat than he needs: first,

by the fact that meat is our most expensive food (See Figs. 3 and 4), workers to result in heat exhausfatigue of the bodycooling system

and second, by the thirty percent tion or heat stroke. 7 There is an and circulation with excessive loss

increase in the calorie requirement important relationship, therefore, of body salt and fluids from sweatwhen he eats the proteins of meat. 6 between the amount of meat and ing. 8 But heat stroke follows an

Then when meat is used in hot other proteins in the diet during hot actual breakdown of the bodycool- weather, one's burden is further weather and one's general coming system with paralysis of temincreased by the additional tax on fort, working efficiency, and suscepperature regulation and the sweat one's body - cooling mechanism. 1 tibility to heat exhaustion and heat gland function. 7

This additional burden may act as stroke. Although sometimes absent,

a "last straw,"sufficient in hard Heat exhaustion results from warning symptoms may be present in both of these body heat disorders.

Heat exhaustion victims may ex302.4 perience muscle cramps of the ab-

/ / domen or extremities; heat stroke

207 181.8 155.7 victims may experience disturbances

of vision, restlessness, and head59 6 80.4 63.6 ache. Both conditions may be preceded by nausea and dizziness. The

ROAST BEEF OR TURKEY GOOSE CANNED TUNA heat exhaustion victim more likely

STEAK will have a pale face with tempera279 585 ture normal or subnormal, where252 403.2 as a person with heat stroke shows

a flushed face, and his temperature 64 36.4 may be 107 or higher.

The heat exhaustion victim should fluids and given and stimulants be HAMBURGER 608mHAM PORK SAUSAGE LEAN BACON but not overshould be kept warm 1575 169.8 heated; the heat stroke victim should

72 51.2 103.5 be removed to a cool place and given

14 35.1 Fig. 6. The numbers represent calories of protein or of S> fat in 100 grams of the food indicated. Although most

protein, meats 18 most percent 77 to about meats contain LEG OF LAMB LEG OF VEAL WHOLE EGG FRESH WHOLE MILK calories. protein calories fat than considerably more supply

- PROTEIN FAT cool packs on head, neck, and extremities. m O—With heat as the primary evil

connected with these occupational 8.0 8.4 diseases, avoidance of any excess

like that by produced heat body 4.8 4 8 1

is logical. eating 2.7 meat

.8 0.9 - ninety a day period, During

thirtytwo victims of heat prostraIPOTATOES LETTUCE CARROTS 1YAM tion and sun stroke were reported 14.8 to the Los Angeles health department in the summer of 1949. 7 Many

30.6 others, no doubt, suffered from the 9.0 9.6

heat to a greater or lesser degree without being reported to the health 1.8 department. Some of these reported

victims lost up to ten days from their work. Only one died. This

PARSLEY STRING BEANS WHEAT CORN (Continued 'on-'following page)

and grains contain considerably fewer fat calories calories. PROTEIN V FAT proteintablesthanFig.protein7.in The100 numbersgrams ofrepresentthe food caloriesindicated.of Mostfat andvegeof

AUGUST 1951 569 MEAT IS FOR WINTER, COED, OR FAMINE / '"189'71 {Continued from preceding page) hot weather), there is no overheatwas during the night following heat ing of the body from meat eating.

exposure. A California asphalt road con151

Carbohydrates and fats are our tractor recently complained of ex135 chief foods. energy They serve for periencing attacks dizof headache,

115 atthe laborer all seasons. 9 Howdisturbances ziness, and of vision

ever, fats are superior to carbousually occurring in the afternoon hydrates in wintertime because of while on hot paving jobs. He and

greater needs of the body for heat all his men took extra salt tablets as well as its usual needs for energy regularly during hot weather. As

during cold weather. Many fats he had been a fairly heavy meat

are also an important winter source advised to eat eater, he was mostly of vitamins 10 Fats A and D. fruits, are vegetables, melons, grains,

less desirable than carbohydrate cereals, breads, and milk or butterfoods for a source of summer enmilk, and temporarily, at least, to ergy. Fats, if eaten to excess, may eliminate meat.

be stored under the skin11 where Two weeks later he reported havSWEDEN ENGLAND FRANCE ITAl they to serve insulate the Fig. 8. Daily body of protein grams by consumed ing had attacks no more of headlaborers hard doing having perfect work andagainst loss. heat living People food.i in This, is their of choice course, freedom of in ache, dizziness, or visual disturbin their of a protein usual higher amount thancold climates are to conknown ances. further daily food. stated He that a

sume large quantities of meat and large Negro, who ordinarily was his lat. (See Fig. 5.) Meat, consiststrongest asphalt worker, proved to

ing of both protein and fat, is one be the first to suffer from heat. The without overloading the digestive

of our chief sources of fat. (See Negro was a heavy meat eater. tract, to arrange a diet which will

Fig. 6.) One extremely hot day, four men, provide sufficient protein and will

Vegetables and most grains have all but one in the asphalt crew, permit an adequate caloric intake. 13

considerably fats fewer than probecame stuporous from the heat and to Bogert, According only 3}/$tein calories Fig. (See con- 7) and into went shock. one unaffected The daily calories the of percent foodtain cholesterol. no is Cholesterol Italian man was an vegetarian. need derived be animal from fatlikea substance all present in 17 It is extremely difficult Fig. but sources. not 9.) (See as well ashuman animal fats and impossible to maintain adequate nuin people hot most For weatheroils, it is but present in increased trition with a purely vegetarian the animal protein thus need canconcentration in gallstones, most 13 diet. Cereals, legumes, leafy and satisfied including of be quart a by tissue,cancer in and the walls of other 10 vegetables, as well as melons, diet. in milk the buttermilk or dailyarteries of patients with diabetes nuts, and various fruits, should be in are dairy products used Whenand arteriosclerosis (hardening of eaten is when meat not used. But place of as a meat source summerthe arteries).12 relationship The of if eggs dairy and products are to it is protein, less animal of to easydietary cholesterol to is diseases

it be included, is easily possible, 14 of fat protein overeat thanstill and controversial.

A wide variety of vegetables and when meats constitute a large part grains must be used, however, if of the diet. (See Fig. 6.)

they alone are to supply adequate Milk is one of the highestquality proteins. 13 proteins from a biological standPeople living in warmer climates DELIGHT IN WORDS point. (See Fig. 10.) The plentiful

eat less meat and less fat5 than do By Richard F. Armknecht and inexpensive proteins of potatoes

those living in colder climates (See and whole wheat stand less than

Figs. 5 and 8), suggesting less,rp'o be in love with words, round words ten percent below the average meat

physiological need for meat and fat * or rough, protein in the table of biological values. (See Fig. 10.) Potatoes andduring hot weather. ThisTo carryis a theirjoy tosharpnumbersavorprimeon theamongtongue Many hard workers think meat Those joys which grow with time. It is wheat are also good calorie foods

18 enough iseating for necessary cold for as for as well hot weather. energy, and In youth to sense the vague, resplendentfor this as Potato grain well as for proteins and are not other reasons, stuff

they eat excessively of meat. In Behind their meanings. We, no longer as complete from the standpoint of

young,hot weather essential only that as are the aniamino acids amount of Theirprotein proteins. that is needed will old familiars, know the changes mal potatoes But and prevent rung

a negative protein balance (loss of To sound them suave or simple, tense or grains are of great value in the diet body proteins). For this purpose tough. and can suffice in summer when

grains, milk, and vegetables can Nor 13suffice. We isspend,there andany stillend toourthispursesdelight.benefit. supplementedand a good varietyby dairyof fruitsproductsand

bake anew the selfsame meal and vegetables. 13 There is practically no S. D. A, We leavenfrom proteins used During the British for tissue the war years richer loaves. reTo The verses we recite

nets still better, Areplacement only. still more stoutly reported 2 Therefore, national health improved during famine when proteins are needTo knitcapture all of earth and half of when there was a forced reduction

ed for tissue replacement (even in heaven. in the amount of meat, refined car570 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

bohydrates, and processed foods carrots, green salad, and fresh fruit, overeat of both protein and of available. 19 At the same time, there watermelon. fat during hot weather.

had been increased consumption of Supper: Squash or yam, peas,

vegetables and nearlywhole-grain string beans, potatoes, green salad, CONCLUSIONS bread. cereals and or 19 This type of milk buttermilk, whole wheat

diet, if adopted during hot summer bread and butter, fruit, and cheese. It is wise to avoid the use of

months, should not only improve a meat on hot days except in times person's general health, but it SUMMARY of -famine or "negative nitrogen balance."also to should help insure him 1. predisposes hard workers Heat it to a should Also be comfort against heat exhaustion heat and to heat exhaustion heat and faithful abChurch members who stroke as well afford as greater stroke. stain of from the use during meat general bodily comfort.

2. their specific dynamic Through to hot the weather remember words diet, following The summer as an (S.D.A.), othaction meat and this the of abstiregarding Lord example, satisfy should the needs proteins er excess supply more "... it is nence: pleasing unto me."of a even hard worker: foods. other heat than do

3. Less meat and less fat are; REFERENCES

70% eaten by people in warmer Best, Charles, Herbert and Taylor, Burke, Norman /; climates than by those living Physiological Basis Practice. Fourth Ediof Medical

in colder climates. tion, Baltimore, 1945, p. 629.

4. The British people reported 'Hbid.3Everett,p. 555.Mark R., Ph.D., Medical Biochemistry.

improved health during World Second Edition, 1946.

Michael G., *Wohl, Clinical M.D., Dietotherapy. as in {in cold as well War II Application Nutrition, Philadelphia, 1945, of; - Modern 444 p. weather) reduced by warm

26 2/3 % consumption of meat and reEBestBMcLester,and Taylor,James S.,op. M.D.,cit. p. Nutrition665. and Diet in

A fined foods, while increasing Health and Disease. Philadelphia, 1949, p. 24.

their use of vegetables and Chapman,7Goerke, JohnL. S.,M.,M.D.,M.D.,M.S.P.H.,M.P.H., AssistantDirector, andDiwhole grain products. rector,partmentBureauof Health,of MedicalMorbidityServices,and MortalityLos AngelesWeekDe-

3'/,% 5. An adequate summer supply of ly Report. August 12, 1950.

8Albrecht, Director of F. Kenneth, the U.S. M.D., fats, proteins, calories, vita- } in Hospital, Baltimore, Marine Modern Management L Clinical Medicine, 1946, p. 701. mins, minerals obcan and be PROTEIN NONANIMAL NONANIMAL-

to Michael Practical G., 9Wohl. M.D., Guide A PROTEIN CAUORIES PROTEINFOOD tained of meat. the without use 7. Nutrition. 1942, p.

CALORIES CALORIES 6. One is more comfortable and 10McLester, James S., M.D. op. cit. pp. 64 and 92.

Fig. 9. Percentage of daily food

various should derived from be food groups. calories17 thatThe more able to work efficiently in Edition,"Meredith,1946, F.p. L.,50. BSc, M.D., Hygiene, Fourth

31/3 to calories percent supplied food minimum be 1944. Edition, Dictionary, 20th Medical Dorland hot weather one obtains when

in sources satisfied animal from than be more may cit.. 238 S., MMcLester, op. 1949, M.D., James pp. of his daily protein most daily diet average of the use by quart an a of milk 239. supand

or buttermilk.

fruits, grains, ply milk, Biochemist, from 14Ershoif, Consulting H., Ph.D., B.

and vegetables instead of from Los1BDoctrineAngeles, andpersonalCovenants,communication,89:12. May 3, 1951.

meat. 1BWooster, Harold A., Jr., and Blanck, Fred C.,

cereal, grain Breakfast: Nutritional Department published Research Data, by Whole 7. rich Fats are of calsources Pittsburgh, 57, of PennBox Company, H. J. Heinz milk, potatoes, fruit, bread, butand sylvania. ories. also insulate the Fats

ter. body against heat loss. School,17Bogert,NutritionDr. Jean,and UniversityPhysical Fitness.of Chicago1941, Medicalp. 184.

18Johnson, Harry Lunch: Corn on cob or brown 8. Because of the ease of prepara-

[or the Clinician,J., M.D.,Fifth F.A.C.P.,Edition, 1949.Bridge's Dietetics

rice, potatoes or baked beans, buttion of meat and due to its 19Remmen, E. T., M.D., Interest in Nutrition

termilk, cheese, peanut butter sanddelightful taste, it is easy to Surgery,Grows, (Editorial)May 1948.Annals of Western Medicine and

wich using whole wheat bread, raw overeat of meat, and hence to Best and Taylor, op. cit. p. 558.

85% 83% 77% 77% 74% 74% 69% 67% 67%

Fig. 10. Biological values of

various proteins.20 The biological value is the percentage of

a protein that is retained by the body for growth or repair.

It represents a protein's nutritive value.

WHOLE MILK EGG BEEF BEEF BEEF PORK BEEF VEAL WHOLE POTATO

EGG WHITE LIVER KIDNEY HEART HAM ROUND SHOULDER WHEAT

AUGUST 1951 571 MZ*r

.-,.. '''',.--

,.C: *,::! ftiESftsasg

* m&

II 1 Tothesingle1951 Juneout anyconference,one featurewhichof convened June 15, 16, 17, would andGeneralGeneralSuperintendencyPresidency of obviously be unfair to the intethe Young Men's and grated program which the Mutual YoungImprovementWomen'sAssociations:Mutual

Improvement Associations offer the LeftBennett,to right,First Counselor;Emily H.

membership of the Church. Some BerthaPresident;S. LaRueReeder, C.GeneralLongof the features are naturally more den, Second Counselor; A.

spectacular than others, permitting Assistant;Walter Stevenson,Elbert R. Curtis,First

of glorious culmination through DavidGeneralS. King,Superintendent;Second Asmass participation by the membersistant, (standing) right.

ship of the Mutual. However, each

department is part of the woof of the whole fabric that is M. I. A.;

each activity is woven into the warp of the departments.

Dance, song, drama, speech, and all lent their sessions department of new to make a completely satisreceived. The wellstaged presento the particular color pageant

cast tation a with for oldtimers factory and blend of Galilee of Men one, conference. now June Now all fifty characters, alike. nearly of the young To all newcomers until the spotlight another took

last- a folk costumed, participated unbeautifully made an it was who in perfect cotogether blended forgettable experience. As one ing impression. In addition, two

young woman said, "It's wonderful roadshows, "How Long Is Forto know that there are all these who ever,"presented by a large cast believe as I do. I had no idea from the Lovell Ward of Big Horn

that there were this many young Stake, Wyoming, and "The Skeptipeople in the world who are Lattercal Tree,"by the Bonneville Ward,THIS DAY..."day Saints."The concept of a Bonneville Stake, Salt Lake City,

worldwide Church was beginning were well received as was the its formation in her young mind, speech part of the festival. Imrvfawa L.. doSephson, as in the minds of thousands of promptu and prepared speeches to- &

ASSOCIATE MANAGING EDITOR others who, coming from Canada, gether with an imaginary trip

Mexico, Hawaii, and most states of around Temple Square and a the United States, found new scriptural presentation kept the ordination with a resultant response friendships and renewed older acaudience intensely alert to the posnot soon to be forgotten by any who saw and heard. quaintances. sibilities of speech activity. Wednesday and Thursday, June Friday morning June conference

Behind the activities that called 13 and 14, the Young Women's officially opened with the reception forth expressions of wonder and camp and sport institutes brought on Temple Square at which the delight from the thousands of audiinto activity people who traveled general superintendency and the tors lay the year's work in wards to Salt Lake ahead of the regular general presidency with members and stakes which made possible June conference dates that they of the general boards greeted the the glorious conference that called participate. three visiting ofmight About Improvement Mutual Mutual workers from all over the gathered at ficers, teachers, the Tracy hundred and members. Addto attendance. Church in Mill colorful Creek ing to the green Canyon on gold and Wigwam mingled with the The traditional at lining four hundred and the A. of banners Wednesday the M. I.

JUNE CONFERENCE IN PICTURES Jordan Park on Thursday. The. two walks were the gold leis which

1. Music Festival, Salt Lake Tabernacle friendliness and relaxation that the Hawaiian delegates presented

Festival, University 2. Dance of Utah Stadium. these days afforded and the conto each general board member. At Thirty thousand persons attended.

festival: in 3. Participants speech Ruth Noail, crete help given propelled those ninethirty a.m., the morning sesDarrell Ellen Nielsen, Renstrom. and

4. Sister Ruth May Fox, ninetyseven years young, who came into an increased particision convened. The stirring address

General President Y.W.M.l.A. 19291937, of the

superintendents the stake addressing and presipation during the remaining days of Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the dents at a luncheon at Hotel Utah of the conference. Council of the Twelve and adthan of the more 5. One five thousand persons Sports, campfire building, safety viser to the M. I. A. climaxed the registering Conference at June

6. Golden Gleaner banquet, Union Building, Unimeasures, storytelling, games, handdramatization which indicated the

versity of Utah 7. Roadshow act, presented by Bonneville Ward, icrafts all came in for their share line of authority and the responsias part of the Drama and Speech festival of the programs for these days. A bility of each officer in the Mutual

attending 8. Group conference from the Las Vegas turkey barbecue and program to each other, to the bishop, to the 2nd wards 1st and

AllChurch of Relay meet. 9. the Winners Uniaround the campfire completed stake president and high council

front row, left Stadium, versity to right, of Utah

Don Stauffer and Ernest Pease. Second row, the Wednesday evening program, adviser. The poignant presentaPrince, H. Prince, SuperWilliam Coach Ronald Fairwhile the Thursday afternoon protion of the theme and reading Elbert R. Curtis, intendent and Reymond

banks. gram ended early enough to permit course brought home to everyone

10. Scouts and their leaders preparing barbecued

turkey at Young Women's Camp Institute, at attendance at the speech and drama present the need of young people

Mill Canyon Creek the Wigwam, festival in the evening. for effective leadership. At the line Tabernacle grounds 11. Reception on

—Pictures courtesy Deseret News This festival was enthusiastically {Continued on following page)

AUGUST 1951 573.""CHOOSE YOU THIS DAY..

and Thorpe B. Isaacson of the

Presiding Bishopric addressed the session. Elder Cowley spoke of

the great influence of the Mutual in faroff New Zealand and the respect with which this auxiliary is held by nonmembers. Elder Evans

praised the efforts of those who have assured the success of The

Improvement Era campaign. Particularly he praised those in the

field whose exceptional missionary zeal had accomplished unbelievable results. Elder Isaacson stressed

the importance of personal attention to each boy and girl to see that their names are on the records and

ERA citations presented: Left to right: John A. Widtsoe, editor; Carl W. Cooke, South Los Angeles

Stake; John D. Giles, business manager; Clenna Robertson, Southern States Mission; Richard L. Evans, editor. that they are in attendance at

Mutual. He stressed furthermore

(Continued from preceding page) live our religion we would be given the need for more recreation, conclusion of this dramatization the power of discernment and be especially spiritualized recreation.

booklets were passed to the audiblessed mightily for our efforts. The afternoon presentation indience, introducing the 19511952 Superintendent Curtis stressed the cated the importance of five meettheme: "Choose you ings to carry forward

this day whom the Mutual Improvewill serve... as for., ment assignment satme and my house, we isfactorily.

will serve the Lord."yeg-, The Golden Glean-

(Joshua 24:15.) The, er banquet and the

sermonette, "We Are Master M Men

Not Alone,"by Elbreakfast indicated der Richard L. Evans the growth of these

of the First Council plus programs of the of the Seventy was Mutual. Eight hunincluded in the theme dred and fifty Goldfolder. en Gleaners attended

Elder Benson in the banquet; two

his address fired all hundred and fifty present with his Master M Men made charge: Provide leadreservations for the

ership to meet the Saturday.MIA Maids who participated in the department session held in Ensign Ward chapel on breakfast.

demands of youth. A new feature of

True leaders, he said, would not necessity of a testimony as a further the conference was the track meet easily become discouraged or weary safeguard in leading youth. which occurred prior to the dance

or fearful of their assignment. At the afternoon session Elders festival on Friday evening. From this

this beginning, sports commendable trueSuch leaders have would of the Council Matthew Cowley will as event have even more growhumility, timidity, precludes which of the of Richard Twelve, L. Evans features special of other Mutual. I. fear.weakness, For and A. M. First of Seventy, the the Council page [Continued 584) on

it is to importantworkers most recall often what Elder Benson said Presentation of 195152 Theme in general session in Tabernacle. The participants were, left to right,

that the M. I. A. is not an optional Joan Judkins, Minnie Anderson, Aldon J. Anderson, Joe Jensen, and Dorothea Cutler.

program but is an integral part of the Church program, presided over and directed by the priesthood of the Church.

In the morning session Superintendent Elbert R. Curtis and President Bertha S. Reeder expressed

their gratitude for those who lead the Mutuals in the wards and stakes and admonished them to live according to the doctrines and standards of the Church. President Reeder said that if we could

574 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA See this stunning Ironrite Cabinette AUTOMATIC 1R OX tilt

Harmonizes with finest furniture Irons anything you can wash

Here is the automatic ironer that combines beauty and utility—takes

ironing out of the basement—lets

you sit down and iron in comfort in the living room, dining roomany room!

Look at this laborsaving beauty.

Discover how Ironrite ends the backbreaking work of hand ironing. See

for yourself how Ironrite's two completely usable open ends let you iron WarpProof Hardwood Top

Beautifully finished top styled, hardwood finest furniture. rich, everything washable—shirts, pleated like Choice of brown

dresses, blouses, children's clothes. mahogany or lustrous honey blond. An

Come in today for a demonstration. ironer that's perfectly at home in any room

of the house.

Iron rile IRONS ANYTHING YOU CAN WASH

Low Down Payment / *stc AB0l Easy Credit Terms fb* * H$1A %ri*A r<oN

SEE ONE OF THESE IRONRITE DEALERS ABOUT THIS AMAZING TIME AND LABOR SAVER

UTAH DEALERS J. G. READ BROS. CO., 24th and Kiesel Ogden

AUERBACH'S, State and Broadway Salt Lake City H. D. SPARROW CO Roy

BRIENHOLT CO., 1400 South Main Salt Lake City J. SILVER TREASURE HOUSE, 1568 South State Salt Lake City

CLARK'S, 181 South State Street Salt Lake City UTAH APPLIANCE CO., 32 East 1st North Provo

33 Federal Avenue LoganMONTROSE'S, 905 City IDAHO DEALERS South State Salt LakeMORRISON BROTHERS,

PRICE TRADING COMPANY Price SAM JONES FURNITURE CO Blackfoot

PETERSON'S APPLIANCE CO., 31 West 1st South Salt Lake City HOME LAUNDRY EQUIP. CO., 427 Center St Pocatello

GORDON E. WILK1NS, INC. Intermountain Distributors 142 South Fifth West

Salt Lake City, Utah AUGUST 1951 575 /Contributions by young people of ** the Church to Through the Eyes of Youth will be welcomed by the

Era. editors of The Improvement r o tt L tk

be submitted will manuscript Each carefully considered and, if accepted, will be paid for at regular rates.

Articles must be wellwritten, 800 to e 5 o subjects1500 wordsof vitalin length,interestandandwrittenconcernon YOUTH to the young people of the Church.

Church standards, ideals, and teach-'ings, of course, must be upheld.

also included are "don'ts"few A list regulations, this Youth and Religion in of rules and and the world would be a much better place in which to live if more i5u /Joanne.UJave 'J people would keep these payments

upto-date. In this category are

such things as not committing murhas been said that more men The payments are small and simder or adultery, not stealing, not

IThave died from the lack of hope ple and are easy to "pay."You lying, and not spreading false and

than from the lack of bread. Men don't have to mortgage your home malicious gossip.

need hope to cling to, to face life or your car to meet them. All that These are some of the payments

and the future. I offer religion as is necessary to reap the highest that you make on your policy, day

this great plan, is to by day, building your account andthat hope: religion—for which evbenefits from

ery living person is eligible; religion follow a few words of advice given reaping the benefits from it. If per-

—that offers world citizenship, as by this great Counselor to make life chance you do fall behind in your

the kingdom of God knows no easier and more satisfying. payments, you have the opportunity

bounds; religion—that offers op- A smile, a friendly greeting, a of making them up by using your

portunity for all, where rich and word of comfort are often all that repentance plan, and nothing will poor alike mingle and work toit takes to make your first instalbe counted against you.

gether, searching for the common I've told you some of the things goal of happiness. you "pay"into it, now let's conReligion doesn't require any spesider some of the dividends:

cial theological training or a full 'T'he author, an outstanding It provides you with a high standwallet to insure the recipient a comgraduate of her high school, ard of living, and in times like these plete and worthwhile life. It is a gave this advice to her class. that is important.

kind of life insurance that offers unIt offers the tested and true extold dividends in peace of mind and periences of others in helping you happiness. Through small daily ment. Loving your neighbor and to chart your own life course.

payments, one gains much more doing unto others as you would have You receive comfort in time of than one could ever pay into it. them do unto you are simple paysorrow, and gain faith in things to

I suggest you take out a policy ments. Honoring and respecting come.

with your God, the Divine Creator. your elders and listening to the You enjoy fellowship with others

He stands at the head of this great words of advice that they can give on the very highest level.

company, and a more generous or to you is another type of payment. You are provided with a definite

perfect Counselor could never be Always being ready and willing to goal and an ideal to work toward.

found. His "line"is never busy, help others at all times constitutes You gain faith in yourself and in

and he is always available when one of the most important and profthe future.

you need him. itable payments. You are offered a plan that can

satisfy the innermost depths of your—Photograph by Harold M. Lambert soul.

You receive peace of mind and happiness, and after all, what is more important in this life than those goals.

My plea for this spiritual awakening is to take out a policy with your

God, and live up to your beliefs, to give you faith in yourself and in the future. As Jesus said, "For

what shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul?"(Mark 8:36.)

Scene from a Hill-.-/

Recently I stood on the brow of sary labor, was never performed on a Vermont hill and looked the Sabbath.

down at a series of dilapidated, Often it was necessary for weatherbeaten buildings. ThirtyGrandfather to borrow money. This

five years ago the scene was exwas accomplished by his going to tremely different. The buildings a man in the town who had it.

had paint on them, the yard was Sometimes notes were signed; at

neatly kept, and there was evidence other times the whole transaction of work and toil. Something had was conducted on a "gentleman's

happened, not only to the buildings agreement."The theory was that

and the farm land but, I am con- a man's word was as good as his vinced, also to the people who had bond. It worked. Perhaps this

since owned the property. The front was because my grandfather had

saying, of the the accuracy proved of rest littered the andyard was progressive a Although sold at time he that one for I recall seed. to barnsthe land gone The never man, Grandfather

to be city to buyer a lambs some their foundations. rotting onwere lighting. His gas put in did grown they delivered were when paint without been house hadThe to theory bed was go to offered another buyer Later sheep. generation. well for over a careor

it got dark and get him more money for them, and heAnd as I stood and gazed on the when it got light, explained that they were sold. Thedecay of not only physical property up when

but also of character, I couldn't second buyer asked if he had any deal, the and "writings"my on comparisons.help some drawing

I a grandfather was suppose my hadn't. that said he grandfather that grandfather had owned My for in his he early days, radical was from to stop then, him What, was his fatherfarm. had him Before

first to in section that pipe water the Grandaccepting money? more And it, his him, beforepossessed and natural his into a found house. He replied, word."father simply "My agrandfather. been had There the house mile from well over a taxes, his had paid but he He maintewith thepride connected his the to fed water by home and his property the on to roads keep pride of thenance property—the quite never gravity. he seemed Yet the himself, cutting out in condition tradipride the of possessionof and his contraption, trust the because to grading. the brush doing and Hetion. well was always clean and ready

I confess to some confusion in for use. When it was suggested

my own mind about the modern that if he wanted to have a teleapproach towards living. I am not phone, it would be necessary for

a farmer, and what I say may be him to cut the poles, he did exactly born out of ignorance, and yet my that, and he was one of the first memory serves me well, and I can to have the newfangled device in remember the life my grandfather his house. He never did put in

lived. gas lighting because his theory was

He arose each morning at dawn to go to bed when it got dark and in the summer and before dawn get up when it got light. The

in the winter. He milked sixteen interim between the two could be

to twenty cows by hand; he sepailluminated by kerosene lamps and

rated his cream; he kept a couple of

hundred hens; he had eight or ten lanterns.

pigs; always at least one team of Grandfather was a religious man.

horses; he raised bees; and often He had morning devotions to which

he added turkeys and geese to his he invited whatever hired help stock. And every one of these might be working. Some came, and

a deep but all had some didn't, justthings meant one word—work. convictions. for his religious never knew what a subsidy check itIn the winter alone, as a respect he did

it came to going to looked like and would have probrule, and in the summer he hired But when help for the haying season. church, there was no automobile ably thought that a revolution had

to carry them. On Sundays he and taken place if one had come to

I-Tis money came from the sale of his wife had to get up earlier than him. He had only about a thouhis produce in a town over fifusual in order to get the chores sand dollars to his name when he

teen miles away, and to get there done, and then there was a twopassed on, but the whole town on Fridays he would get up at twoand-a-halfmile drive to the village. turned out to his funeral because

thirty, pack his produce wagon, After anywhere from sixty to ninety they knew he had made more than and drive that distance, peddling minutes spent in divine worship, money—he had made a name for

eggs, butter, and meat from house there would be the ride back to the honesty and integrity.

to house. farm. Work, except for the neces- (Concluded on page 606)

AUGUST 1951 577 TIHIilJocce THE PSYCHOLOGY THE ART OF GROUP to young people—and to older folk

OF TEACHING DISCIPLINE who lead young people. Dr. Menninger

(Asahel D. Woodruff. Longmans, (Rudolph M. Wittenberg. Association has won widespread recognition for

Green and Company, Inc., New York. Press, New York. 1951. 124 pages. his work in psychiatry. This informa617 pages. $4.75.); $3.00.) tion, in compact form, will prove

leader who the to helpful especially excellent edition of this third"The this will Saints Latterday book Hpo with intelligent job to an desires do revised completely been has book leaderin direction helpful provide Better"to Write teenagers. "How is subject rewritten. matterand The statement groups. among ship of One have all people assist young will who in simple, suchpresented everyday is dwelt to that on need be many reor reviews, themes, write to teacher, student, that andlanguage leader's the of emblazoning on worthy C. /. various ports of find enjoyable. reading the willparents kinds.—M.book of point the of view heart: "From

inchapters, sixteen twentysix In discipline technique and leadership WITH figures, ALONG tables, fourteenstructive and in GETTING is not to imgoal the the individual, FranSISTERS, sections,all into six the psyBROTHERS AND divided standards, however the leader's pose YOUR ARE is followed of teaching from WHEREchology the group's gently, but to raise Valentine Barbara of evaluexisting to methods behavior level MANNERS,ces Ullman; not all situaof independence."While

ating and counseling individual stutions prevail in Latterday Saint class Hertz; HELPING YOUTH CHOOSE

dents. conditions, the philosophy behind the CAREERS, J. Anthony Humphreys; READ CHILDREN dissertation the nature the on After HELPING leader is the to invaluable who book Re- (Science Witty. Paul is BETTER, there behavior, enof an human seriously his assignment take would Illinois. Chicago, Associates, search exposition of thelightening develophis well. ]. C. job and do M. series, to the subscription Yearly is folbehavior. of Thisment human

$3.50.) clear discussion of alowed by FISH FRY TO the MORE

learning, the that modifyfactors adWilliam (Beatrice Cook. Morrow & has publications of series HPhis maladjustments that exjustments and 1951. 280 pages. Co., York. New and valulearning provocative theist process. most proved or accompany $3.00.)

The last section on evaluation and able. Written by experienced people in

counseling as a summary statement is Celdom could anything be more rethe various fields treated, the brochures of special value to all who have to freshing on a hot summer's day include material most valuable and deal with human behavior. than to pick up this book and hie essential to the young person—and to

The work is so well done that it away to a pleasurable vacation in the the leaders of young people. The

approaches a classic in its field. It is San Juan islands of the Pacific Northmaterial is practical and usable; and

more than a textbook. It should be west. With the Cook family the readit affords an unusual insight into the

a handbook to guide all who deal with er will be introduced into the friendly possibilities of the direction that youth of the islanders—and A. W. life the thrilling interest may take. M. C, J.youth.—/. life of and fisherwoman, a fisherman

SMILE POSTS OF with two small boys intent on living to TIN STORY TIN RIN THE full their hours of release. theSATISFACTION How Co., English. DoddMead (James W. Lillywhite. P. Printing in outof-doors the Zuidam and relax to(John pages. $2.75.) 1949. 247 York. get New life Utrecht, Holland. 1950.Co., in general 209 from oozes from more more been has no dog T)robablypages. $1.25.) the C. /. book—M. Tin, Tin than Rin who famous

rTTHE second edition of this book has the early days of the movies furtherin just arrived. President Lillywhite HEAVY HANGS THE proved the ability of the German poof the Netherlands Mission has made GOLDEN GRAIN lice dog. This book will be enjoyed The Macmillan (Seuman MacManus.several revisions and enlarged the family the of all the members 199 pages. by Company, New York. 1950.volume. again. will and read again The be and

The book has come out of the spirit $3.00.) ability of the dog is outdistanced by

of perspective of the mission field. ""Phis delightful collection of Irish the courage and ability of the master

Its messages are addressed primarily folk tales will prove helpful to who, finding the dog in a dugout at the missionaries, but they willto be helpit, and frecan end of World parents and teachers who War I, trained ful to people everywhere. time Our a and rebuilt son in and grandson, a its quently drive message home a

emphasizing of subjectshas the need after concrete form much better than by life in thistreated volume. his dispelled or preachment. exposition thefortune.-—M.depression C.yearsJ. had thirtythree chapters, dealeach The

C. J.ing with a subject of importance in—M.

PETS OF FAMOUS FAMOUSlife, splendid a of up make panorama BETTER, TO WRITE HOW PEOPLEthings necessary thoughts in the and Flesch; Rudolph by SELFUNDER- Smith. Company, DoddMead (Mae life.building of a happy C. MenninWilliam by STANDING, 1950. pages. 197 York. $2.50.) New find edition as second should The ger. the to the author preface the book, Tn helpful circulation as thewide and a Associations, 228 Research (Science is this that a companion mentionsfirst.

Avenue, South Wabash Peoto Famous Dogs of Chicago 4, book Famous Smile Posts stopping merely means Illinois. 1951. Yearly subscription other so ple, she found many because alongplaces the at of life road which $3.50.) for instance, pets; of Carl Sandkindstime take time to think take to and we

measure of new things to do. HPhese two booklets of the Better burg's pedigreed goats; the mouse of

—]. A. W. Living series are worth introducing (Concluded on page 580)

578 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA qA Qreat Youth Organization Suggests A READING COURSE Special Interest Junior M MenJunior Gleaner

KonTiki by Thor Heyerdahl $4.00 The Quest by Octave F. Ursenbach..$2.25

The Story of John Adams and The

American Revolution by Chins Up by Mildred Seydell $1.00

Catherine D. Bowen $5.00 Syrian Yankee by Salom Risk... $2.00

The Magic Story $1.00

Ivanhoe by Sir Walter Scott... $2.75

M MenGleaner The Autobiography of

KonTiki by Thor Heyerdahl $4.00 Benjamin Franklin $1.25

Plymouth Adventure by Ernest Gebler $1.00 Explorer

The Mormon Miracle by Grace Johnson $.50 Jacob Hamblin Among the

Answer Without Ceasing Indians by Paul Bailey $3.50

by Margaret Lee Runbeck $3.00

John Greenleaf Whittier Mia Maid by John A. Pollard $6.00

One Hundred and One Famous Poems Sun in the Morning by by Roy J. Cook. $.50, $1.00, $1.50 Elizabeth Cadell $2.50

Sermons and Missionary Services of Stars in My Crown

Melvin J. Ballard by Joe David Brown $2.75

by Bryant S. Hinckley.$2.75

Nikoline's Academy by Bee Hive Margaret Maw $2.50

Spurs for Suzanna Scouts by Betty Cavanna.'....$2.00

Tree of Freedom Waterless Mountain by Rebecca Candill $2.50 by Laura Armer $3.00

FILL YOUR SUMMER WITH READING

THAT WILL ENRICH YOU

A Marvelous Work and A Wonder Greater Dividends from Religion by LeGrand Richards $1.75 by Gerrit de Jong $1.75

Prophecy and Modern Times Fatal Decision by W. Cleon Skousen $1.75 by Dr. Walter M. Stookey $1.75

All these good books—at our local dealers

All prices are subject to change without notice

DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City, Utah

ImniiiLuiiuiiiiiiiuiiUiiuujjLL iiiii i iii imiu iiiii i iiii irriiiH i M iiii i i Tmiii li'iini iiii i i i i in i n 11 h i i m ii m iiiiiimiimiiiimi n ii mminiii i i i i i iiTEmuiLmiiiiiiMi ill niiiiii'i i iiiniinniiim mum KiniiimiiimiimiiMiii i iiiHi n i i i n vi,

JULY 1951 579 BUILDING for STRENGTH On the{ConcludedBookrackfrom page 578)

Rossetti's William Cowper; wombat; In An Unstable World the Keller; red bantams of Helen

America today needs strong youth... strong technically Eugene Field's burro; as well as many

and vocationally... strong in homemaking pursuits and in other interesting and unusual pets. The

economic competence Character building must.. keep. strongpace spirituallywith culturaland educationmorally. beauty of the book lies in the fact that

and technical training. UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL through the stories of the pets there

COLLEGE provides all three. is much biographical material that beUTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE gives high comes part of the young people's lives.

standard training in science and scientific agriculture, com-—M. C. ].

merce, teaching and educational administration, and home economics. The humanities and other subjects are

taught to help develop youth with minds adaptable BEHOLD YOUR QUEEN and strong to help solve the problems of an uncertain world. Through cultural development (Gladys Malvern. Longmans, Green

and technical training and through religious & Co., New York. 1951. 218 pages.

closely education associated with the college, $2.50.)

efforts are cultivate sturdy made to character and responsible citizenship. HPhis Actionized story of Esther in

the Bible will be wellreceived by

Schools of: young girls, who, in turn, will have

AGRICULTURE FOREST, RANGE, AND their lives tuned to right living by the

ARTS AND SCIENCES WILDLIFE MANAGEideals which Esther maintained. The COMMERCE MENT

she courage to defy had custom EDUCATION when HOME ECONOMICS ENGINEERING AND salvation the it meant of her people TECHNOLOGY GRADUATE SCHOOL will be worthy of emulation by young women of today. Integrity made her

USAC is proud of its contributions the kind of queen who could give to national defense: The college has and demand the right kind of love.

commissioned 1000 officers in the past four is years. Military training proThe book is one that deserves wide

vided in four units: Air Force, Artilreading by young women. M. C. J.

lery, Quartermaster, Ordnance.

FALL QUARTER Welfare Ranch REGISTRATION: (Continued from page 566)

September 2426 converted into a chapel. The onemile-long training track, reported to

For catalog and other information, have been one of the finest race address the President tracks in California, has been plowed up and seeded to barley.

An additional well is being drilled, and another large poultry house UTAH STATE and a modern milking parlor have built. AGRICULTURAL been

In order to utilize the water better, an overhead water system COLLEGE ( sprinkler ) has been purchased and

Logan is in use. Improvements have been

"Liberal and practical education"made on buildings, and fences have been moved.

Seven families are now living on the ranch, but a great share of the work is done by volunteer workers from the stakes. Evening work is

not practical because of distance (people from one stake have to travel around one hundred miles one way ), but every Saturday since the ranch was taken over workers have been on hand to carry on the project. No fewer than fortysix

persons have participated on any one Saturday, and one Saturday one hundred and seventyfive do- (Concluded on page 582) 580 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA latest fashions for Mountain West women

Fashions modeled by local women 1 Moderately priced fashions available at local stores \ They're all featured in the Deseret News!

STYLES READ STAR 5mfs

FASHIONS FOR YOU... READ fiA

rtt NEWS SEWING FEATURES

The accent is on the local fashion angle in the Deseret News Family Section.

Read "Fashions for You"for news of styles that are popular in the Mountain West and available in local'stores.

See local fashions modeled by your favorite movie actress in "Star Styles,"featured in the

Deseret News Sunday Magazine.

Women who sew will find outstanding sewing features that keep them up on latest fashions and sewing knowhow*.

Let the Deseret News be your guide to lovelier fashion at comfortable cost.

You'll find all these features in the FAMILY SECTION of your

THE MOUNTAIN WEST'S FIRST NEWSPAPER

AUGUST 1951 581

Welfare Ranch

{ Concluded from page 580 nated their time to carrying on the work.

A typical weekend at the ranch starts late Friday evening when carloads of people begin arriving.

Men often bring their families, for those who are too young to work can find plenty of things to do to amuse themselves on the green lawns and in the spacious fields.

After quarters have been assigned, the evening meal prepared and eaten, and the dishes washed (in an automatic dishwasher), all reand the national emergency tire early in preparation for the big day ahead. the rendered Steel has States service United The is Saturday morning everyone up steel World in Wars in two needed supplying country is at their begin dawn. The women concentratachievement. extraordinary of Now, story a

ing on defense needs for a third time, U. S. Steel is hard work early enough in the kitchen

at work helping to expand America's steel capacity to and dining room to be ready to unprecedented size. serve breakfast at 6:30. Promptly

Altogether, expansion undertaken or authorized since at 7:00 prayer is held after which

mid1950 will increase the corporation's annual steelthe men go into the fields or buildmaking capacity by 4,300,000 tons before the end of ings to perform the multitudinous 1952. U. S. Steel's Fairless Works, a new integrated steel tasks to which they have been asmill now under construction at Morrisville, Pa., will acsigned. And, just for a change, the

count for a sizable portion of this increase... it will women clear the table and wash the

have a capacity to produce 1,800,000 tons of steel ingots dishes and begin preparing for the of capacity have been made annually. Other extensions

disnoon meal. After the work is over Chicago in the Pittsburgh and are planned——or

tricts, on the West Coast (by U. S. Steel's Utah subin the late afternoon, the groups

sidiary, Geneva Steel Company), and in the South (by often devote the evening to games

Tennessee Coal, Iron and Railroad Company). and recreation. On many occasions

This expansion is an indication once again of the debarbecues have been enjoyed and termination of U. S. Steel to meet its responsibilities to evening meetings have been held

the nation as the country's number one producer of steel. before the people left for home.

It is also proof of the "faith in the future of America"Another historical meeting was that is the guiding principle of the industrial family held on the ranch June 8, 1951.

which for fifty years has served the nation... United More than fifteen hundred people

States Steel. from the stakes in the area gathered

to hear talks given by President J.

Reuben Clark, Jr., and Elders

UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION Moyle and Romney. After reviewSUBSIDIARIES ing the accomplishments of the welfare program over the years, each of

the brethren in turn advised the la* IfeJlUlIiSI people not to rest on their laurels and look back too much to what has been accomplished, but rather

the Perris Ranch a citadel for the HOW MUCH WOULD IT COST to look to the future and build at future.

In the months and years ahead TO REPLACE YOUR HOME?

it is expected that the dairy, beef,

The average homeowner today carsheep, hog, and poultry projects on ries only 40% enough fire insurance. Let us check your the ranch will be expanded with the

He's thinking backward to what his replacement valgoal in mind of meeting welfare property cost, instead of forward to assessments with produce. What

ues for you. else will be accomplished rests with what it would cost to REPLACE it.

time and the people in the stakes of southern California who have alfaith, ready through proved that FIRE UTAH CO. INSURANCE HOME unity, cooperation, hard work, and Heber Co., General Salt Agent J. Grant & Lake City almost any goal can be reached.

582 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

instead of makes sense to me says Mrs, John Austin of Green Ridge, Pa. SO"'*

if*f e.$ n* P H *

!Kvi oiiUfo,,

p?"Guaranteed by?;5j>JJ

.Good Housekeeping byii

<i

| "I once thought I needed a special detergent for clothes; another for dishes; a third for enamel and

paint. Then I found FELSO. Now 'one instead of

three saves shopping time and storage space.

"/'*-'. >.. "Best of all,"she says, "my wash is white as snow,

f my colors bright and gay. China and glass sparkle

without wiping. Refrigerator, stove and woodwork

all glisten. fairly alone does FELSO my washing. \

**$& 3 *: '* < quote me. I'm glad to say how you "Of course may

satisfied I am with white, freepouring FELSO. It's

-. so pleasantly fragrant, and it leaves my hands soft

and smooth. 'One instead of three'makes sense to

me—when that one is allpurpose FELSO."

Reliable Fels and Co. perfected FELSO. It isn't a

soap, but a new, different, allpurpose detergent.

make FELSO your "foday Wmmt

AUGUST 1951 583.""CHOOSE YOU THIS DAY..

Your Every Musical Need (Continued from page 574) dances of the M. I. A., were wellPromptly and Courteously The dance festival provided a received by the 30,000 spectators,

Filled at fitting climax to the Friday activifour thousand more than have ever ties. The 1951 spectacle should long been in the stadium for any event.

beautiful in 1500 Mia "Polka Pink"by night, The treasured—a

in splendor BEESLEY'S bewith of hearts really a moon that shone the touched Maids

MASON and HAMLIN over the snowcovered peaks of all present. The spontaneous apThe Stradivari of Pianos the Wasatch Mountains almost plause of the vast audience indirivaled the more than four thoucated the delight which the festival

KNABE sand dancers who gathered on the afforded.

The Piano of the green lawn at the stadium of the Agegroup departments, recreaMetropolitan Opera University of Utah. The colorful tion, and activities were held SaturEVERETT dances, some original and presented day. Enthusiasm reached a high

The finest toned, medium for the first time this year, some of peak in these various instruction priced spinet pianos built them standbys from the successful (Continued on page 586)

CABLE - NELSON fc>>2>555ovS Beautiful spinet pianos in the low priced field Band Instruments /youmeu for the j/uture

Sheet Music RICHARD L. EVANS

and Everything Musical

rHEN we have lost those who have meant much to us in lost pattern with a past, have the them and when we W is in past, life there the lived that BEESLEY MUSIC CO. of loved and have we

70 South Main Salt Lake City often also a loss of interest in the future, and often a

Phone 4-6518 UTAH'S PIONEER MUSIC HOUSE tendency to let down in discouragement and doubt. In

short, the person who does not feel sure that there is going to be an acceptable tomorrow, does not usually trouble himself to plan too much for tomorrow. And so,

in time of disappointment and sorrow and uncertainty, there is a tendency to live from day to day, mentally and

The going's grand physically and spiritually, and creative interests and activwhen your vacation's plannedities seem to slow down, and when they do, the world and all who live in it are losers. Furthermore, the loss is

permanent. In a sense we can never make up back work,

because each day brings its own fulness of time and of opportunities and of things that could or should be done.

But life must move on, even in sorrow and uncertainty.

The sun still rises and sets even in days of doubt and despair, and all of the endless processes and purposes of life persist despite discouragement. And despite disis still reason for living and building and GREYHOUNDS couragement there for the future—for what sometimes seems to be an ending

Vacation eternalevent is journey.not an endAndatevenall, butthoughonlyouranotherloved eventones inleavean

Planning us,thereandwillevenneverthoughbe a timewe ourselveswhen we shallshall surelynot havefollow,a futureyet

Service tospective,look forwardthere willto. stillBeyondbe endlesslythe limitsunfoldingof our presentplans perand

is free! purposes and pursuits—for life is a journey—and not a

destination, a journey on which, in the glorious planning

Greyhound's Planning Vacation guarantee Service is your of a of Providence, we may walk once more with those we delightful vacation! Everything those who shall surely somewhere await us on love—with

is planned just as you wish the way.

hotels, transportation, special sightseeing—for one low cost.

Ask for FREE folder.

Jke Spoken \AJord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

SEE YOUR PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADGREYHOUND CASTING SYSTEM, MAY 27, 1951

AGENT TODAY

584 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I It's Canning Time U and

Fresh, ripe fruits deserve the finest sugar to preserve that just -off -the -tree flavor. You'll

find no better sugar to capture their lusciousness than pure U and I Canning Sugar.

Ask for it at your grocer's—it's perfect for your

most particular canning.

AND

SUGflR FINE Always Buy UHI g*anuUtED

AUGUST 1951 585 "CHOOSE YOU THIS DAY..."

periods—so(Continuedhigh,fromin fact,page 584)that many astiona formednationwidethe Churchbroadcastof Sundaythe Air welcome,Richards andextendedblessings,the greetings,from the

of the departments dismissed and morning. First Presidency of the Church. He

then continued in questionand- Probably one of the most rethen addressed the Mutual workers answer periods long after the time markable features of these youth relative to their assignment and of adjournment. Special meetings activities was the excellent preparatheir obligation. "There is no higher

and breakfasts held for supervisors tion for chaperonage that had been knowledge than the knowledge of stimulated stake boards in their laid during the entire year prior to the things of God,"he said. "The

particular assignments. the festivals for young people comLord gives us the truth to begin

Saturday evening the music ing in from outside Salt Lake. with. It is ultimate."He chalfestival provided a glorious finale Those young people who came were lenged the workers: "We have a

for the second day of the conferdirectly assigned to certain adults great project before us always in ence. More than 1600 young peowho were responsible for their care this work, and that is the one of

ple participated. Their glorious and for their direction during the proclaiming the gospel to the people

singing called forth thunderous apdays they were in Salt Lake City. of the world.... If you can make

plause from the 10,000 who packed The pattern adopted by the genmissionaries adequately equipped the historic Tabernacle and from eral boards for this care of youth to take this message out to the peoothers who crowded the walks and is one that should be faithfully ple of the world, even in your trainlawns to hear what they could of emulated by wards and stakes in ing and recreational circles, you will the program by the magnificent their guardianship of youth. Adehave accomplished a vast and great

massed choruses. Elder Mark E. quate chaperonage should be prothing for the Church of Christ."

Petersen of the Council of the vided to safeguard our young peoPresident J. Reuben Clark, Jr.,

Twelve and also an adviser to the ple. of the First Presidency, also ad-

M. I. A. talked to the youth and The Sunday morning session was dressed the group. His theme was

their leaders, stipulating that God's under the direction of the First two great blessings which pertain way is the only way to peace. He Presidency, with Elder Stephen L to everyone: 1, that we came forth

encouraged all to learn that way Richards conducting in the absence in the Dispensation of the Fulness and abide in it. Elder Petersen's of President David O. McKay, of Times, and 2, that we are memtalk and part of the music presentawho was in the East. President bers of this Church. This heritage

OPPORTUNITY UNLIMITED!

The University of Utah offers unlimited opportunities for students of this area. There are advantages and benefits at this outstanding state

university that can be found at no other school in America.

Make your fall plans at your own state school. The doors of this great

institution of learning are wide open to YOU.

Freshman Registration Sept. 20

UpperClassman Registration. Sept. 2122

Class Work to Start:. Sept. 24

586 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA is precious, and we should take care lest we sell it for a mess of pottage. His address deeply impressed the ten thousand who heard

it. TheT!E that BINDS

Elder Delbert Leon Stapley of the Council of the Twelve advised the leaders to look beyond thosewho attend Mutual to those who the Intermountain West!

are inactive and bring them into The Salt Lake Tribune is a community institution that binds activity. He said that the leaders together the more than 400 cities and towns in Utah, Idaho,

of youth should seek knowledge, Wyomingtropolis ofand1,000,000Nevada.peopleThroughof thiskindredtie anambitions,immense prome-

pray humbly, and set an example gressive economies and inseparable heritages is formed, by following the teachings of the

Church..,.. ingThe toTribuneone andis anallhonoredalike, institution,factual, unbiasedreportSister Lucy Grant Cannon, '**. news of the world, plus news of important

former general president of the '&,. Intermountain events.

Y.W.M.I.A., said that there is

strength in obeying counsel and that there is lasting happiness in being a true Latterday Saint.

The concluding youth session held Sunday afternoon in the Tabernacle featured talks by three young people, Barbara Benson, Gary O'Brien, and Theron Folsom.

They told of what the Mutual means to them and expressed their hopes for the future.

A powerful address by Elder Mark E. Petersen, based on the

theme, "Choose you this day whom ye will serve...,"stirred the audience to a realization of the blessing of free agency and the need

for wisdom in exercising that right of choice. The wise person will

ally himself with Christ's way of ns** life and exclude Satan's. Citing

specifics, Elder Petersen asked how young people would choose when it came to standards of dress, morThe Tribune has representatives in each community in the Intermountain ality, recreation, marriage, the West and is served by a corps of correspondents in the fourstate area, reWord of Wisdom, attendance at portingnational hourlynews, TheoverTribunehundredsis servedof milesby itsofownleasedTribunewires.WashingtonFor worldBureauand

Church. Young and old alike and eight of the great worldwide newsgathering organizations.

should take counsel from this address.

A mere recapitulation of events, THE SALT LAKE TRIBUNE festivals, or of speeches cannot reOne of America's Great Newspapers capture the moving force of the conference as a stimulus to those who participated and those who observed to make the Mutual program a vital, moving, and available WHEN IN prrCTEcrage

SALT LAKE CITY PIKES PEARpart in the life of every Church member. Visit the and The ideals standards, FLOUR presentation and itsthe program

can be effectually incorporated into QUISH With FOUR any community and into all lives. BEAUTY SHOP Extra Baking

at 338 program wellinte- MutualThe South Advantages Street Main is begrated and wellinterpreted coming a great missionary force Expert Hair forDressers40 years.and Beauticians SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS

throughout the world for the PERMANENT WAVES, FACIALS, AND 425 West 5th South

Church of Jesus Christ of LatterMANICURES, OUR SPECIALTIES Salt Lake City. Utah

day Saints.

AUGUST 1951 587 leletit

Fitting conveniently into the place given in this booklet in all the the Book of Mormon and Principles pocket of any serviceman desirareas where the Church is estabof the Gospel.

ing to fit the Church into his life lished, with an invitation to call the Another aid to L.D.S. serviceis the new Servicemen's Directory stake or mission president for addimen is the new identification

now being distributed. Patterned tional addresses, the list of meeting "dog"tag recently issued by the

after the directory which was carplaces is complete for Great Britain Church under the provisions of a ried by thousands of L.D.S. serviceand the Hawaiian Islands. new military regulation which permen during World War II, the new Distribution of the directories is mits members of the armed forces

paperbound booklet is more combeing made through stake and misto wear a "third"identification tag prehensive, having the addresses of sion presidents in whose areas milisupplied to him by the church of his the missions of the Church in whose tary installations are located and choice.

These identification tags are also area the serviceman is likely to be through L.D.S. group leaders for being distributed by stake and misstationed. Also listed in the alphathose men aboard the ships and in sion presidents in whose areas the

betical arrangement are the stakes of areas outside the stakes and miscamps are located and by group the Church which are adjacent to sions. Hereafter, men called to the leaders to men serving in areas outmilitary installations. While there service will receive their Serviceside the jurisdiction of the stakes

is always one address of the meeting men's Directory with their copies of and missions.

WE ARE CHALLENGED Practically every large distillery and brewery has granted franchises to rack- "Y"es, we are our "brother's keeper."eteerin underdealers,the originalmost of whomlicensingwereactivitiesblanketedof

This great truth has come down the Alcohol Tax Unit after the repeal of prohibition.through all the ages since the guilty N0Cain asked the question, "Am I my

brother's keeper?"And this truth Prohibition repeal was to be a

it to reform"; "great put an end was obligations ofimposes that many

it all for to corruption; us LIQUORto stop was less neglect. Sinmore or and

wickedness are current everywhere, time the vicious and violent activiat least to some extent. The docties of racketeers and gangsters.

it seems that these peopletrine of free agency is apparently TOBACCO Now interpreted by many as meaning we were just "blanketed in under the original licensing"which reestab-should have no concern relative to COLUMN what others do. This donothing lished the liquor traffic when prohiattitude makes him who takes it an bition was repealed.

accessory to wrongdoing, k is a Many of these men are still opersinful attitude. CONDUCTED BY ating under the protection of the

Specifically, what do we have in laws, and they are still the same mind? That duty requires all of us DR. JOSEPH F. kind of men they were when they

to be interested in doing everything MERRPLL were "blanketed in."

feasible to create a wholesome enOF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE This whole phase of the liquor vironment in our neighborhoods, to traffic should be opened up to the favor the enactment and enforcepublic gaze by a search and publicament of good laws and regulations tion of the record. Every man who

and the restraining and punishment was "blanketed in"and who is still of those who are deliberate lawalive and operating should be put breakers, etc. Drinking, for examLet us give a few illustrations: under examination. The people

ple, is a widelypractised evil that 1. The U. S. Senate Kefauver have a right to know if he was a

should become nonexistent, and crime committee has made many bootlegger or a smuggler under would be if the best interests of all devastating indictments among federal prohibition. They have a

were satisfied. which the following stand out: right to know the sum he owed the

588 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA United States Government in taxes coholism usually appears after thirty policy because I find life filled with and, particularly, what he owed the years of age. The industry can inso many challenging tasks and deUnited States Government in imvest millions in men and women who mands. To meet them I must have

port duties, and the people have the are expected to be technicians, exthe full benefit of my spiritual, menright to know for what sum his obperts, leaders after five or ten years'tal and physical capacities at all ligation was compromised. training and experience. Just as times."

The Congress of the United these men and women approach Congressman Walter H. Judd,

States should require that every their real potential, alcoholism may, says: "I am happy to add my testiman engaged in the liquor business and often does, cause their detemony to your series on men in pubhold a basic permit subject to anrioration and actual departure. lic life who do not drink intoxicatnual renewal. Any man who has a Industry, like all other segments ing liquor. I can see no benefit

criminal record should be weeded of the community, suffers because either to individuals or to society out, nor should his son, nor his of the costs of alcoholism infrom the use of such beverages."

daughter, nor his aunt, nor his cousvolved in courts, police, jails, social Dean N. Schwieckhard, comin, nor his uncle be permitted to agencies, relief, accidents, property missioner of education, is quoted

secure a permit under any authority, damage, and broken families. as saying: "I refrain from the use

to continue his business.

4. Andrew Carnegie, in his famof intoxicating liquors for two very 2. The District Attorney of ous volume, The Empire of Busistrong reasons: (1.) Throughout

life I have found it necessary toWaynesboro, Massachusetts, reness, has this advice for young men ports that drink was responsible for who are aiming for success: maintain the highest degree of staeighty-six percent of the crime in bility in approaching the intense deFranklin County in 1950. In two "The first and most seductive mands which are constantly made

years drunken driving cases jumped habit, and the destroyer of most upon body, mind, and spirit; (2.)

fiftyfive percent; gambling and young men, is the drinking of liquor. I see the same necessity for assistbookmaking convictions in a single I am a man who knows, and tells ing every boy and girl going to

year have leaped more than three you what observation has proved to school to find a calm and considhundred percent. him; and I say to you that you are erate way of meeting life's probThree times as many persons more likely to fail in your career lems that I early discovered myself.

were convicted of obtaining money from acquiring the habit of drinkTo help them most effectively we falsely in 1950 as in 1949. Overall ing liquor than from any or all the must discriminate sharply and teach

increase in crime in two years has other temptations likely to assail them to discriminate clearly between been twentysix percent. you. From the insane thirst for the things which build and those

The attorney asserts that alcohol liquor, escape is almost impossible."things which destroy."

is largely responsible for these inMayor Eric G. Hoyer of Minnecreases. ACCOMPLISHMENTS IN apolis says: "I do not drink because

3. Professor Selden D. Bacon

hits University says alcoholismYale of MINNESOTA lifeI feelis thatlife itself.the naturalThe largestimulationrequireof

at all levels of industry: the front ments of one's daily job and the

office, sales specialists, foremen, Under the leadership of some able rich satisfactions of work well done skilled and unskilled labor, stockmen in Minnesota, devoted to the offer a sense of accomplishment, holders and even the medical staff. cause of temperance and total abwhich cannot be achieved under the

The higher the position of responsistinence, high grade teetotalers have artificial stimulation of alcohol."

office. April to elected been The the alcoholic the more damage L. Leslie Municipal AnderJudge Issue pubAmerican number of The alcothe unsuspected "I that I feel drink. says: not son do—especiallybility follishes the brief statements from do. a practical of outlook I have moreholic—can

: lowing Industry suffers a particular loss daily work because of that fact. I

along with business and the proGovernor Luther W. Youngdahl see more good and do more good

fessions because of the fact that alsays: "I do not drink. This is my for others because I do abstain."

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS

[Concluded from page 559) brethren. Brigham Young asked His eyes filled with tears, said

innocent of any complicity with him after reading the message, from Brother Haslam.

those who committed the Mountain Cedar City or Parowan, if he could It would have been difficult to

Meadows Massacre. Note an take the trip back, if so, to take a fool Brother Haslam. I believed him, and the many other supporting

extract from the long testimony little rest, and start back during evidences, in preference to others covering two newspaper pages. Apnoontime. "He (President Young) who faraway in time are setting

parently he arrived in Salt Lake said that the Indians must be kept up their own theories of explanaCity in the forenoon and found from the emigrants at all costs if it tion. Brigham Young was not rePresident Young in his office holdtook all of Iron County to protect sponsible for the Mountain Meading a council meeting with his them."He felt the matter strongly. ows Massacre.

AUGUST 1951 589 - -.AE=i=Sr =

H pss?3-IzillJ -3=-'Jfc==-4r-?2: *T1 ) V'lilil

Instructions Given on Performing Baptism Makeup Meetings Permitted "Decause priests are so frequently self for baptism, and shall say, calling him In Award Program called upon to perform baptisms, or her by name: Having been commisparticularly in stakes and wards, we sioned of Jesus Christ, I baptize you in A boy who misses a sacrament or

feel it expedient to give a few instructhe name of the Father, and of the Son, priesthood meeting in his own the of Ghost. Amen. and Holy reason, up for any make ward, may sacred of thistions in the performance the shall in her he immerse him or Then the meetattending meeting such by stakeordinance and ask bishops and water, of the forth again out come and effort in his in ing held another ward to Priesthood coAaronic committees 20:7274.) water. (D. C. &

certificate his individual either earn to this effort in inoperate to bring an formation to the priests of the Church There are three fundamental steps of award or a one hundred percent and to give them the supervision they to be taken when performing the ordiattendance seal to be attached thereto.

need in performing baptisms. nance of baptism: (1 ) that the person While we desire the boy to attend

The Lord gave specific and detailed officiating "... shall go down into the these meetings in his own ward, there

instructions on baptism as follows: water with the person...."who is to are many circumstances which should

be baptized; (2) that the person ofbe given consideration; for instance,

Baptism is to be administered in the folficiating shall repeat the words of the a boy may have a period of illness lowing manner unto all those who repent ordinance as the Lord has revealed which, without the privilege of making is called person and deprive his him meetings, The who up of God would for the candidate that them; bap- (3)

to Christ authorityhas bapfrom Jesus his of sometimes of his and award shall tism completely immersed. be

tize, into shall the the with go water down recattendance percent hundred officiating the the one person and When presented has herperson himself or who ord. to baptized are person standboth be

ing in the water, the priest shall take A boy may be away from home on the hands of the candidate firmly in his a vacation with the family and, thereLeaders—Adult Members left hand and shall raise his right arm fore, be unable to attend meetings in

to the square behind the person to be his own ward. In this instance the

Effective Leadership baptized.

When these things have been done all is in readiness, priest the shouldDemands Study and full call the person or her by his name Think It Over "T\on't be intellectually static. If you and then carefully repeat the words Ler your words reflect what

would be a successful coordinator of the ordinance exactly as the Lord you are—

or group adviser, you will of necessity has revealed them. Those in charge That the boy may detect no

need to spend a great deal of time in of the baptismal service would do well difference between what you say thoughtful study. to listen carefully, and if the ordinance and what you do.

One who fails to add constantly to words are not repeated exactly as the L. A. p.

his own intellectual and spiritual resLord has directed, the priest should be ervoirs cannot, for long, supply the instructed to try again and as many "living water"to the hungry and times as necessary until they are boy, as many do, may attend Church sometimes parched souls of the adult spoken correctly before performing the meetings en route to> and from his members of the Aaronic Priesthood, baptism. vacation residence. Some vacations

for whom he is responsible. Finally: "Then shall he immerse him are spent in the vicinity of Church

Not only should an adviser add to or her in the water...."(Verse 74.) branches or wards and boys should

his general knowledge of the gospel All of the body, therefore, is to be be encouraged to attend. Still others

by regular and planned study of the "buried"completely under the water do not attend or are not able to at- "standard works"and the books writin baptism. Occasionally some part of tend Church meetings while on vacaten by the General Authorities of the the body is not "immersed."When tion for one reason or another. -In

Church, but he should also have in his this occurs, the priest should be inany instance, the boy should be given library and refer frequently to the structed again to repeat the words of full credit on his own quorum roll

Handbook for leaders of adult memthe ordinance before attempting to imfor any Church meeting attended outbers of the Aaronic Priesthood, and merse the candidate. side his own ward.

to books on the techniques of dealing Further instructions will be found in One other suggestion: When a boy

with people, principles of salesmanthe current issue of the Aaronic Priestreports his attendance at meetings in ship, etc. hood Handbook. It is hoped that this another ward, he is on his honor, and

Let your study be regular and matter will be given careful attention we take his word for it. It is not

planned. Set aside a definite time each always to insure the proper performgood always to challenge a boy's

day for it and hold faithfully to your ance of this sacred ordinance. honesty. Let him know you believe

schedule. Let your need rather than him to be honest, and there will be

your interest decide your study source few, if any, who will be unworthy of for alert constantlymaterial. confidence. your Be mareligion is simply the truth. Our

helps work. for yourterials and In the Your older age groups among the It is all said in this one expression

It calling. will is partstudy of your Priesthood, Aaronic must recogwe all truth, embraces wherever—it

let dividends.pay big your Don't nize that keeping com- a young man found, in all the of works God and

reservoir of knowledge drain dry. Keep man that are visible or invisible pany with a young lady from another

it well filled. to mortal eye. -Brigham Young. ward may desire to attend her ward

590 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

H? frepared ou <=Le& vV. f-altmer mvvnw

Aaronic Priesthood Ward Teachers to Baptize Only When Authorized

Quorums Not to Be Divided Tn some wards conscientious ward to the bishop. The bishop should

teachers have been successful in conthen interview the one desiring bapOn Basis of Activity verting nonmembers. As a result of tism, and when satisfied of his sinsuch accomplishments, the question has cerity and worthiness, complete ar-

"VI 7e again direct attention to the recbeen asked, "Are ward teachers aurangements for baptism.

ommendation that quorums of thorized to proceed with baptism when The baptism could be performed at dividedthe not Priesthood be Aaronic fact, In basis of activity.on the if we converts apply for the same?"thefast regularday meeting,monthlyor,serviceif necessary,precedinga

know that a quorum has qualified for Ward teachers are not authorized special service could be arranged.

the Standard Quorum Award only beto administer the ordinance of bapOne of the ward teachers instrumental cause the inactive members thereof tism independent of the bishop. When in the conversion could properly be

have been placed together in another an investigator applies for baptism, assigned by the bishop to baptize the quorum, the application will be deward teachers should refer the matter candidate if desired.

clined.

Bishoprics, coordinators, and stake committees should observe this recommendation carefully, thus avoiding the Stake Committee Emphasizes Visits to Wards embarrassment to the Presiding Bishopric when they are obliged to decline an application which should not have passed by either on the ward or the stake level.

If it becomes necessary to divide a quorum, active and inactive members should be divided equally between the two new quorums. Under no circumstances, and not for any reason, are

inactive members to be enrolled in one quorum and only the active members enrolled in another quorum.

sacrament meeting occasionally—and

why not? When he does, he is to

receive full credit on his quorum roll when reporting his attendance in the attendance beother ward. Such may

STAKE BONNEVILLE PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE AARONIC at hiseither attendance in lieu of own adviser Anderson, Front row, left to right, to deacons; Wayne J. President Junius M. Jackson, chairward or in addition thereto as a makeman; BackSterlingrow: W.J. ElmoSill, vicechairman;Ostler, secretary;WilliamDavid A.A. Dawson,Shand, adviseradvisertotodeacons;teachers.Herbert 6. Stockman, adviser

up meeting. to priests.

In the final analysis we should not lose sight of this objective in our pro- "V\ 7"e proudly present a record of the the twentyfive highest leaders in gram, i.e., to have our young people achievements of the Bonneville Aaronic Priesthood work in the Church

attend the meetings of the Church. Stake Aaronic Priesthood committee know you have to deal with BonneWhere they attend our meetings is in the matter of visits to wards. For ville. That's the payoff.

not nearly so important as that they years now, we have been emphasizing These committee members visit do attend. Of course, promiscuous the necessity for more visits to wards priesthood meetings and ward Aaronic

attendance in other wards is not the by members of the stake committee. Priesthood leadership meetings. Theyspirit of this makeup provision in our We have steadfastly maintained that are likely to show up any time—and

work. When boys are at home, they the most effective work is being done they generally do—and they never

are expected to attend Church meetwhen the stake committee makes frevisit a ward without leaving some eviings in their own wards, particularly quent and helpful contacts with wards. dence that they have been there.

their priesthood meetings. Bonneville fully justifies our emphasis The bishops respect them. There is

on this feature of the program. wholehearted unity between the stake

During the year 1950, members of committee and ward committees. They

AWARD RECORD the stake committee made a total of get things done in a big way.

354 visits to seven wards, or an averConcerning the visiting activities of

As of July 1, 1951, the: Presidage of more than fifty visits to each this outstanding committee, Sterling

ing Bishopric approved applicaward, or an average of more than one W. Sill, vicechairman, said, "Every

tions for 857 Standard Awards visit to each ward each week. Their single member of the committee makes

and 13,548 Individual Certifi1951 record, to date, is equally as one or more visits to some ward every cates of Award for the year good, if not better. single week of the year."

1950. Does it pay? Well, those of you Here is another example that "it

who are trying to be the highest of can be done"when leaders lead.

AUGUST 1951 591 dent of the American Cooperation;

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr. Herbert Plummer, writer; Dwight

(Continued from page 563) W. Morrow, senator, ambassador,

tries, the division of the waters of and successful businessman; Howthe Rio Grande. Best of all Mexico land Cox, writer for Christian

and the United States worked toScience Monitor; Herbert Hoover,

gether as friends during President president of the United States;

Clark's ambassadorship. William Waterburg, president,

President Clark has rendered Pennsylvania Railroad; Will Roggreat service to his country as well ers; Otis Rubio, expresident of

as to his people. He served with Mexico; S. Boiling Wright, steel

distinction and to the satisfaction manufacturer; Newton D. Baker,

of seven presidents of the United secretary of war. Numerous influStates. Few can claim such a recential newspapers and magazines

ord. We have the right to be very have carried articles concerning

proud of his achievements. His life President Clark. The high nature

is a stimulus to every ambitious boy. of President Clark's civil work is

He has had the joy of having his well attested by such an aggregawork appreciated. Distinguished tion of eminent men and publicamen, men of affairs, have spoken tions, which could be greatly enand written about him in terms of larged. The words of praise spoken

praise. Even a partial list is imby these men and publications could

pressive: Philander C. Knox, secrewell be the envy of all.

tary of state; Huntington Wilson, The University of Utah did

assistant secretary of state; T. W. itself proud in conferring the LL.D.

Gregory, attorney general; Charles degree on President Clark, its

E. Hughes, secretary of state and academic son, in 1934 in recognichief justice of the Supreme Court; tion of his abundant services to his

Frank B. Kellogg, secretary of country.

state; Matthew C. Brush, railroad Despite this remarkable career

Bound Volumes of executive; Charles A. Stone, presiin governmental affairs President

the ERA make valuable reference books. Some Highlights in the Appointments of President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

Under Theodore RooseveltAssistant Solicitor for the Department of State

Preserve each issue for perElihu Root, Secretary of State, Philander C. Knox, Atmanent binding. torney General

Under William Howard Taft- -Solicitor for the Department of State

Philander C. Knox, Secretary of State, George Wicker-

A fine addition to any sham,CommitteeAttorneyto ReportGeneralon Assistance of Red Cross Societies in Civil Warfare library, both for value Chairman of American Preparatory Committee to Represent the United States on the International Preparatory for Conference the Third Hague of contents and apCommittee Tribunal of Arbibefore the States United Counsel for pearance. trationbetweenUnderthe Unitedthe SpecialStatesAgreementand Greatof BritainAugust 18, 1910,

Under Woodrow Wilson Special Counsel for the United States,. before the American British Claims Arbitration Tribunal on questions of

international law involved in state succession and cableEconomical cutting cases

Counsel in charge of United States Agency, American- $3.00 per volume BritishMajor, ClaimsJudge ArbitrationAdvocate General's Officers'Reserve

Corps Under Warren G. Harding- -Special Counsel for Department of State, Conference on

F.O.B. Salt Lake City the Limitation of Armament, Washington, D. C.

(Postpaid, add 30c) Expert Assistant to the American Commissioners

Under Calvin Coolidge Agent of United States, General Claims Commission,

United States and Mexico Special Counsel to Agency of United States, Mixed

Claims Commission, United States and Mexico

DESERET NEWS PRESS Under Herbert Hoover UnderSpecial SecretaryRepresentative,of Statewith rank of Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, at the inauguration of

Pascual Ortiz Rubio, President of Mexico

Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to Mexico 42 Richards St. Under Franklin D. Roosevelt- -Delegate of the United States to the Seventh InternaSalt Lake City tional Conference of American States, Montevideo,

Uruguay Committee for the formation of the Foreign Bondholders

Protective Council, Inc.

592 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Clark's loyalty to the Church ishis foremost characteristic. During Love

his years in Washington and New

York, his was a Latterday Sainthousehold, full of faith in the reThat Car!

stored gospel of Jesus Christ. There

was no attempt to play down his devoted attachment to the Church, its beliefs and practices. Though

his children were reared away from the stakes of Zion, they lived as

Latterday Saints and in their lives are faithful to their gospel teachings. In this neverwavering faith

in the doctrine of the restored gospel today as yesterday is the superlative strength of J. Reuben

Clark, Jr.

It is not so wellknown that Let your Utoco dealer help you to take better care throughout his life President Clark of your car. He's interested in doing it, and has

has been a close student of the gosthe finest products for superior performance, with pel. In the midst of multitudinous modern facilities for outstanding performance.

duties for State or Church, he has found time for daily communion with scriptures, ancient and modern. Here's the Lineup

His thoughts have centered upon UTOCO IMPROVED GASOLINE for finest intermounJesus the Christ, with whose life tain performance—in either Ethyl or Regular.

and teachings he is unusually familUTOCO PREMIUM MOTOR OIL—for the engine of

iar. The times of the Christ come your valuable car.

to life as he speaks of them. His ATLAS TIRES, BATTERIES AND ACCESSORIES—top

recent book, On the Way to Imquality in every line.

mortality and Eternal Life, shows SPECIALIZED LUBRICATION. Your Utoco dealer is

not only an intimate acquaintancetrained to give your car individual attention...

ship with the gospel, but also reveals special service.

many of the most noticeable phases TRAVEL INFORMATION. Get answers to travel quesof his character. tions from Utoco dealers, who know local points of

Neither is it wellknown that interest, road conditions, good places to dine and sleep.

President Clark has distinct writability. of his reportsing Many

stateto the are used FREE! "Highway Adventures *! department

placesas textbooks in government circles—Page after page of suggestions on

and elsewhere. His latest book to go. This book is yours without charge

.carries an enviable clarity of style. from your Utoco dealer

And when he speaks, it is with a 42nd Year of Progress driving force which leaves a long impression upon the listener. LETS GO—WITH UTOCO UTOCO

In the latter part of his life when he might reasonably have expected UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY to draw for his life's labors the reward that the earth gives, he wascalled to serve in the First PresiWE OFFER...

dency of the Church. That meant A COMPLETE

the laying aside of mundane things. my mom says ENGRAVING SERVICE

Portraits to the LargestHe knew that it would mean the jamsand mubs FromCatalogues.Missionary

laying aside also of many a chermtASyTOMAKE Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention ished professional hope; but ever UTAH ENGRAVING CO.

since he kneeled daily in his boy113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah

hood home, he has known that God's cause is the greatest on earth. MX.P.

resigned the ambassadorshipHe to Jam Jelly DRINK position.enter a larger That he

knew. PECTIN

His faithful service in his Church MORE FOR YOUR MONEY/ hot beverageA delightfulfor those positions is wellknown to all the who don't drink coffee.

(Concluded on page 595) AT YOUR GROCERS

AUGUST 1951 593 i|llllllllllll|[|lllinilllll!IIIMII>lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll!IIIIIIIIIIII>IIIIIIIIIIHIlllllllllllltlllllllinitlllllltllllllIlllllllllllllllllllllIllllllllllllllllllllll in i mi i mi i nun minimi

FOR perfect PUBLIC SEATING Career in Brief of President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

1, Grantsville, at Practice, Salt Lake 19211926—Private September 1871—Born Samson City. Utah, the son Reuben and of Joshua

Mary Louisa Woolley Clark. 1923—Chairman, New York committee, Folding Chairs 18911898—Clerk for Curator of Deseret Outlawry of War.

(In the Elder words of James Museum. general board, to the WITH SPRING CUSHION this curator, the E. Talmage, was AsImprovement to be 1925—AppointedYoung Men's Mutual

METAL OR WOOD SEAT regarded as a foreign mission.) sociation.

in four six years work for counsel 189498—Did at 1925—Consulting being the University of Utah, and Indian the federalcase—government in the Cayuga

awarded a Bachelor of Science degree. AmericanBritish claims commission

September 14, 1898—Married Luacine claims of nearly $1,000,000.00.

Annetta Savage in Salt Lake Temple. 1926—Agent of United States, General

18981899—Principal, Heber City High Claims Commission, United States and

School. Mexico.

18991900—Teacher of English and Latin, 19271928—Legal adviser to Ambassador

Latterday Saints College, Salt Lake Dwight W. Morrow, Mexico.

City. 1928—Author, Memorandum of the Monroe

19001901—Acting Principal, Southern Doctrine.

Branch, State Normal School, Cedar 19281929—Under secretary of State.

of representative, with rank Pleniand Extraordinary 190203—Principal,City, Utah. Salt Lake Business 1930—SpecialAmbassador

1903—BeganCollege. at Columbia University Law potentiary,Ortiz Rubio,atPresidentinaugurationof Mexico.of Pascual

School. 19301933—Ambassador Extraordinary and

1906—Received1905—Admitted toLL.B.New degree,York Bar.having PlenipotentiaryMexico. of the United States to

specialized in mining law. April 6, 1933—Sustained as Second Coun1906-1910—Assistant solicitor for the deselor in the First Presidency.

partment of state. 1933—Delegate of the United States to 19071908—Assistant professor of law, the Seventh International Conference of

George Washington University, WashAmerican States (PanAmerican Conington, D. C. ference) Montevideo, Uruguay.

5, an honorary LL. for the department of June 1934—Received

D., Spring Cushion 19101913—Solicitorstate. University of Utah.

Model to Bondholders practice before Foreign the Su1934-38—President, Shown 1911—Admitted Above

Inc. Protective Council, States. the United preme Court of

Apostle as an a member of the bar October 6, 1934—Sustained

PresiFirst Counselor in the Claims. and as First Ideal for 1911—Admittedof the Court of

dency. 9 Schools Churches 1911—Appointed member of committee

an Apostle by 1934—Ordained Meeting Halls Lodges Societiesto report inonCivilassistanceWarfare.of Red Cross OctoberPresident11, Heber J. Grant.

hall or where any representative States of on American chairman 1936—United public seat1912—Appointed

is essential. ing comfort of International the the study to represent Committee for Preparatory Committee

of Contracts Nations). Pre- (League International States the United on

rests for Seats removable back and * for the Third paratory Committee experts of committee on 1936—Member,Loan RECOVERING EASY Conference. Hague International codification of (PanLaw

UPVINYL MIRACLE SAMSONTEX * Union.) Society American American 1912—-Member,

rest seat on HOLSTERY and back DisInternational of Judicial Settlement Executive Commitfor 19381945—Chairman, cut fingers can't seat Safety hinge X putes. tee, Protective Bondholders Foreign

k Noiseless folding action compact, 1913—-Appointed counsel for the United Council, Inc.

easily stored Arbitration before States Tribunal of First 21, as CounMay 1945—Sustained

18, Six smart Special decorator colors under Agreement of August * Smith. Albert to selor President George

the United States 1910, between not tip Will * of the story Boy and 1946—Author, claims.) Britain. ($5,000,000.00 k Electrically welded steel tube legs Great About That I Must Be Wist Ye Not Christ,My

Law practice in New Father's Business? proof, nonchalking * Chip enamel fin1913-1921—Private

D. C. York and Washington, all metal parts ish on 1947—Author, To Them of the Last

k Specially arched tubular steel cross 1914-—Counsel in Charge of United States Wagon.

Agency, rigidity for extra braces On the Way to Immor AmericanBritish Claims Arbi1949—Author, tration.

Life. tality and Eternal k Electrically steel tube seat welded

the in Judge Major 1917—Commissioned frame 9, April as Second Coun1951—Sustained Officers'General's Reserve Advocate "*"selor to O. McKay. President David Steel furniture glides with replacefor service to the Atassigned Corps,

feet able rubber States, at the of United torney General 'Ar Padded, cushioncomfort spring seat the latter's request. Since 1933 President Clark has made 984 addresses,

in national articles fortynine has published and k Concave, three silver war service not include this does addresses Church form - fitting upholstered 1918—Awarded publications—back rest four poems. the distinguished published—Such and been have service which chevrons and

the national Vital publications as Speeches, Ameri- k All metal medal.

and Association can Commercial Journal, FinanBar derizing process"Legislation and cial Emergency Association Morris Chronicle, Magazine, Robert parts rustproofed by "bon1918—Author,

Britannica, Sun, the AmeriEncyclopedia York New President. of the War Powers

well others. as as Journal can Law, of International

in of Nations League are included. 19191920—Active

controversy. During ten years President Clark spent over four

assignments business from years from on home away for of department counsel 1921-—Special First Spent or week, Presidency. two the ZCMIOFFICE OUTFITTERS limitation of the state, conference on it his family periods being from meant month inawayweek,

57 SO. STATE ST. SALT LAKE CITY armament, Washington, D. C. for that much time.

Phone 3-1575 - Ext. 442

MmiimiiiiiniiiiiiiiMiiM imiiiiiiiiiiiniiiliiiiii II iiiiiimiiiiiitiiiiiiiiillltll illinium 1 luumimiHiimm'iiimiiiiiuuiiiiuiiiiui null uuillluiuiui 594 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

{Concluded from page 593) people of the Church. He has PEARL HARBOR 1941

given to the Church every power that he used when in the service of the government. has brought He

his analytical acute mind, his orKOREA 1951 ganizing ability, and his vast accumulated experience to serve the Only ten years. But in that time the Bell System's

developing tasks of the growing capacity to serve the nation has literally doubled!

Church. He has been the foremost It's fortunate that this nationwide network has

supporter of the welfare plan of the

Church, the chief helper in placing grown so big, so fast—for Long Distance is helping

Church finances on a budget plan. America rush the big production /ofa.

He has insisted on conformity with the revealed word of God in all

Church activities. He is a Rock Help speed your own Long Distance calls

of Gibraltar among the waves of unbelief. He has opinions; they are Make a list of the outof-town numbers

usually strong, from which he finds you call most frequently—then call by number!

it difficult to retreat; but underneath

is as warm a heart for humanity as ever beat in human breast. His * THE MOUNTAIN STATES

friends who know him remember TELEPHONE AND TELEGRAPH COMPANY him as one, who amidst the vicissitudes of life, loves the gospel of

Jesus Christ first of all and above all else. Therefore, the people of the

Church love him and trust him.

Therefore, in place of the things of the earth that he lost when he obeyed the call to Church service, he has a large credit on the books of God. To be in accord with God

is the greatest of human achievements. The Church members are

proud of J. Reuben Clark, Jr., and

glad to have him among them. And

so he toils along, living out his own adage that it matters not what your On the vast display floor at ZCMI Wholesale Disposition may be, but how well the tributors,pans to drugseach pieceand ofcosmetics,merchandise,is displayedfrom potsin andthe display cases. modernwork is done—and his work is well mostIt for was natural ZCMI to select for the jobdone.

of making these cases the craftsmen at Salt Lake

Now, if he finds an hour for reCabinet—highly skilled specialists who have outlaxation amidst the strenuous duties fittedbanks thefor almostMountainhalfWest'sa century.finest stores, offices and

of the First Presidency, he goes to hooses Also, watch for Salt Lake Cabinet

Grantsville, his boyhood home, DISPLAY CASES & FIXTURES - equipment in ZCMI's outstanding new where he has a farm and a farm by Salt Lake Cabinet {raftsmen men's department in the retail store.

home. There he takes delight in

air** Fixture Co* and Saltthe livestock and the growing crops Salt Lake Cabinet136 South West Temple Lake City, Utah which he holds are the basis of human prosperity, or he rests in his... moulded

LightHEADQUARTERS FOR L. D. S.Salt Lake City home near his chil- * 'Unbreakableto look like glass.

dren and grandchildren, recalling free. weight, noise IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA Eco- 3 I height. Standardthe happy days of yore spent

dealer. your from by nomical.Order KING'S YE REST MOTELthe sunbathed of Grantsmeadows SPECIAL OFFER 526 5TH STREET SOUTH

ville on the shores of Great Salt Mail $1.00 for trial lot of Dr. Harold B. Foutz, Owner

sent postpaid. one dozen Edgar H. Foutz, Manager isLake. grateful for the goodHe

Mattresses Throughout Pnston St., 14, Mass. Beautyrest Sudbury 55ness of the to him. Lord

The life of J. Reuben Clark, Jr.,

of the merest which sketch is here For Your Reading Pleasure Each Month of the Yeargiven, in its is notable every activity a lesson forand would all who atTHE IMPROVEMENT ERAtain greatness before man and God. 12 Issues $2.50

AUGUST 1951 595 {ISurl J>kepkefd, EDITORTODAY'S

LESSONS IN EATING

of uounuouna awaitiy from,from kcHome peopLeopleFresh Fruit Chart

Magazine.) Economics Home Charts compiled by Hazel T. Craig for Practical (Adapted from

FRESH FRUITS HOW TO SELECT BEST SEASON HOW TO STORE AND COOK

APPLES Firm skin, heavy feeling, free September to April Keep in cool dry place and cook with little

Food value varies accordfrom bruises Green apples for sauce or no water "with peelings. Press through

Delicious, Jonathan, If storing in large or strainer. quantiBaldwin, late June and July ricer ing to age, season, variety, Eating—

Mcintosh, Golden Grimes each apple keep in paper ties wrap and storage Imperial, York Pie—Winesap,

in dark, cool, place dry Greening Vitamins A, Bi, C

Winesap, Rome Baking—after discoloration paring prevent drop Beauty To Iron Beauty, Winesap, Rome Storing—

salt into into v/ater cold of a pinch which Northern Spy has been added for each whole apple. A

quick dip in boiling water makes paring easy APRICOTS Firm, not wrinkled or soft Keep in cool place, wash before eating

Vitamin A, Iron, calcium AVOCADOS Firm, green, slightly pebbled Keep in cool place. Peel just before using

Vitamins A, B,, C, G skin. Flesh should yield to and dip in lemon juice to prevent discolorIron and Calcium pressure ing

BANANAS When ripe enough to eat should Keep in cool place—not in icebox. Ripe

Vitamins A, Bi, C, and G be brown flecked. Avoid broken bananas will keep only a few days

Iron skins. May be bought partially

green for cooking BERRIES Tilt container to examine conStrawberries are cheapest Sort immediately and place in refrigerator

Vitamins A, C tents. Overripe berries stain middle of May to midon shallow tray. Do not wash until just

Some iron box. Ripe berries are firm and June. Raspberries, July before using. Wash in bowl of water; lift

Calcium evencolored. and early August berries into colander to drain

CHERRIES Firm skin, plump fruit, Box JuneSeptember Will not keep long. Pick over, wash and

Vitamins A, C should be stain free drain. Keep cool

Calcium Iron CRANBERRIES Full round shiny berries free November to March Sort carefully and wash before cooking.

Vitamins A, C from soft spots are best Use a raw ground relish to retain full value. Sauce contains some vitamins, jelly

very little DRIED FRUITS Packaged fruits are more saniYear 'round Keep in cool dry place and follow direcIron content greater than in tary than "bulk"but also more tions on package. If allowed to soak, cook

fresh fruit expensive in same water

Dates—vitamins A and G

Raisins and Figs—Bi, G

Peaches and Apricots—A,

G Prunes—A, Bi, Iron

GRAPEFRUIT Firm, heavy feel, with even yelOctober to May (July Store in cool dry place and do not cut until

High in vitamin Bi, C low color. Russet fruit is not and August poor months) ready to use. Keep in original wrapping

Iron and calcium inferior or separated

GRAPES Avoid buying grapes that fall Concord, late August to Chill after washing. Eat soon for greatest

Vitamins A, Bi off bunch when shaken. Buy October. Others from fall enjoyment. Keep dry and covered to preIron and calcium Concord for jelly and juice. to spring vent drawing fruit flies

Slightly unripe grapes jell best

LEMONS AND LIMES Look for thin skin, heavy feelYear 'round Store in cool dry place and do not cut until

High in vitamin C ing lemons. Avoid soft brown just before using

spots at stem ends MELONS Ripe melons are soft at the June through September Store in cool place. Keep honeydew and

Some vitamins blossom end and have a definite cantaloupe in paper bag until used

Cantaloupe, casaba, sweet odor. Buy watermelons

and honeydew A, B, C, from sample "plugs"

Iron Watermelon Bi, C, G, iron (Concluded on page 598) 596 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SUMMER SMOOTHIES

Cheese Ring and Garden Salad

2 tablespoons unflavored gelatin 4 tablespoons lemon juice 1 cup chopped cucumbers Yi teaspoon salt 1 pound creamstyle cottage cheese 1 tablespoon chopped green onion 1 tablespoon chopped pimento Yi CUP mayonnaise 2 mediumsize tomatoes 1 mediumsize cucumber 1 can tuna

Soften gelatin in lemon juice. Add

salt to cucumbers and allow to stand 5 to 10 minutes. Sieve cottage cheese.

Melt gelatin over hot water and stir into cottage cheese. Drain liquid from

cucumbers and add to cottage cheese

along with green onion and pimento.

Fold in mayonnaise. Pour into an

oiled eightinch ring mold. Chill several hours or until firm. Turn out on a

large serving plate. Wash and cut

tomatoes and cucumbers into wedges.

Flake "bitesize"tuna and toss with tomatoes and cucumbers. Fill center of

ring mold with tuna salad. Garnish

with salad greens and serve with additional mayonnaise. Serves 6.

TunaStuffed Eggs with Tomato Sauce

1 62oz. can tuna

6 hardcooked eggs Ya teaspoon salt 34 cup mayonnaise Yi teaspoon dry mustard 1 can condensed tomato soup Yi cup evaporated or rich milk

Peel eggs and cut in half lengthwise.

Remove the yolks and place in a bowl;

mash well, then combine with tuna, mayonnaise, and mustard. Mix thoroughly. Fill egg whites generously with

tuna mixture and place in shallow baking dish. Combine the soup and milk and

heat to boiling. Pour over stuffed eggs.

Bake in a moderate oven (350F.) Hhmm0fitf

until eggs are hot and sauce bubbling.

Serve at once. Serves 4 or 5..::----:--- -

(Continued on page 599) AUGUST 1951 597 FRESH FRUIT CHART (Concluded from page 596)

FRESH FRUITS HOW TO SELECT BEST SEASON HOW TO STORE AND COOK

ORANGES Thin skin, heavyfeeling Navel late Nov. to June Store in cool place preferably not in iceVitamins A, Bi, C oranges produce most juice Cal. Valentia MayDec. box. Do not squeeze until ready for use.

Some iron Navel oranges are best for Fla. Valentia Feb. to Jun. Oranges allowed to stand at room temperaCalcium slicing ture awhile before squeezing give more

juice PEACHES Look near stem ends for pinkish Clingstone—hold shape Allow to ripen at room temperature. BetVitamins A, C, G or yellow color to be sure fruit for canning. Late July to ter flavor if eaten soon after picking. Store

Some iron is ripe Oct. Freestones—better in icebox

eaten raw. Late Aug. and

Sept.

PEARS Pears will keep only a few days July through April Sort out bruised fruit, unwrap and store

Some vitamins A, C so avoid buying in quantities. Can in Sept. remainder in cool dark place

Some iron, calcium Avoid wrinkled, marked, or very hard pear PINEAPPLE Avoid soft decayed base. Look Winter months Store in cool dark place. Slice before parVitamins Bi, C for plump fruit with fragrant ing to avoid waste. Remove core. Best

Iron odor. Green spines pull out of not cooked; pour canned pineapple juice

Calcium ripened fruit easily over ripe, sliced fruit

PLUMS Firm, solid color, no soft spots June to October Keep in cool place after wiping off. Will

Vitamins A, Bu C not keep long

Iron PUMPKIN Look for hard, evencolored Late October to January Cut up with peelings on and boil in small

Vitamins A, G rind. Small and mediumsize amount of water. Strain

Iron, calcium pumpkins more "mealy"

RHUBARB Long, even, crisplooking stalks. May to August, cheapest Wash and cut up without peeling to retain

Vitamin C Large tough leaves indicate old pink color. Cook slowly in small amount

Good source of iron fruit of poor flavor water. Sugar to taste. Honey also is good

sweetener.

TANGERINES Firm, bright orange skin Early December to Apr. Store in cool place. Keep fruit separated

Vitamins A, Bi, C Heavy for size and covered to prevent drying

Some iron Calcium

Makes Delicious Toast

Table Queen's smoother texture and finer flavor

are your assurance of crisp, tender, delicious

toast every time. So fresh! So appetizing! So

full of hearty flavor!

You can't buy better bread!

Enriched With Vitamins and Iron

Fresh at ROYAL BAKING COMPANY your grocer's Salt lake City Ogden

598 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Summer Smoothies (Continued from page 597)

Sunday Night Sandwich

1 cup cottage cheese 2 tablespoons cream Yi teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon onion juice 1 cup radish slices wholewheat bread butter

Mix cheese and cream. Add salt,

onion juice, and blend. Spread on buttered bread and top with radish slices.

Cottage Cheese Cupcakes

32 cup butter 2 cups brown sugar 1 lemon rind, grated 1 egg 1% cups sifted wholewheat flour 1 teaspoon salt \]/2 teaspoons baking powder jfcfait 1 cup chopped raisins 2 cups creamed cottage cheese >Mmi*

Cream butter and one cup of the brown sugar until light and fluffy. Add

and beat well.lemon rind and egg Add Shebu Omtce ajfou/ remaindercottage cheese and of brown

sugar; mix thoroughly. Sift flour with

other dry ingredients and blend with How eagerly you watch the scale for the steady gain first mixture. Fold in raisins. Bake in that means so much to your baby! And the milk that

greased muffin tins in moderate oven you put into his bottle plays such an important part in (350 F.) about 30 minutes. Serve

warm. Makes 2 dozen. the ounceby-ounce gain that tells you "all's well."

You can be sure "all's well"when you give your baby

Cottage Cheese Ring Salad Sego Milk. It is always easy for babies to digest.

1J/2 tablespoons gelatin Always uniformly rich in the food substances of good

I/3 cup cold water whole milk. And as safe in its sealed container, as if

3 cups cottage cheese there were no harmful germs in the world.

salt 1 teaspoon too, your baby gets all the vitamin D 34% cupteaspoonlight paprikacream In Sego Milk, 3 cups mixed, diced, fresh fruit doctors say he must have in order to develop straight, strong bones and sound teeth, and to make the best of Sprinkle gelatin on cold water; disgrowth. All Sego Milk is enriched with vitamin D, thesolve over hot water. Combine cheese,

seasonings, cream, and dissolved gelasunshine vitamin, in pure crystalline form.

tin; mix well. Turn into 1 -quart ring

mold which has been rinsed in cold Ask your doctor about Sego Milk for your baby.

water. Chill. Unmold on salad greens.

Fill center with fruit mixture. Serve

with mayonnaise.

(Concluded on following page) FREE TO MOTHERS!

This bandy book that makes it easier to care for and train your baby.

Dozens of the most important questions about the care and training of your baby are answered in this 64page illustrated book. Approved by

a wellknown doctor. Praised enthusiastically by mothers in the intermountain west. Send for your free

copy of this helpful book today. MilK

Oil - II OU "Address:Salt Lake SegoCity, MilkUtah. Co., Dept. E-4,

Sego Milk Products Co., Originator of Evaporated Milk in the Intermountain West

Plants in Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

AUGUST 1951 599 Smoothies Summer BEACHPARTy? P/CWCP {Concluded from preceding page)

Molasses Taffy

1 cup molasses "havesome 1 cup sugar 1 tablespoon vinegar "1 tablespoon butter or margarine?r/Yos Mix ingredients in a twoquart

for freshness—!orfor flavor,tl get Fritos,% saucepansyrup, whenanddroppedcook inuntilcolda water,little

<ovor, teoornchP; will separate into threads which are Ame,ko's

Stir F.). (270 but not brittle for hard -* S0MS o.rear greased onto Pour constantly. '; PU cookie pan or platter, and as edges

center, the fold toward back patented process, rr.t cool,

is center will cool before or edges "crisp, part disturb ( Don't to pull. ask y dealer ready or between! h mealsfresh,-f or cooled, candy that hasn't choice ofon. *>- stick to pan.) When cool enoughwill

to pull, fold into ball, pull with lightlybuttered fingers until taffy is light, then stretch into long rope onehalf inch wide, and cut into oneinch pieces.

Maybe your crowd likes popcorn balls—who doesn't? Then here's

how:

Popcorn Balls

1 cup honey brown sugar cups fxctttjug ftatutti CUt food COStS with a 114 cup water POUR EASY BOWL N O W Y2 1 teaspoon salt SIMPLE TO CLEAN 1 teaspoon vanilla

GRADUATED SCALE 3 guarts popped corn

BLADES EIGHT

water, sugar, honey, Combine You can have far greater variety?. TWO SPEEDS over Place salt in saucepan. and

SUPER POWER and more fresh foods for less! low heat, stirring until mixture beTASTY, quick mealt Get ALL Vitamins and Minerals. gins to boil. Cook until syrup

Simplify diet feeding. Disguise dropped in cold water forms a firm

junior's carrots, milk, etc! (but not brittle) ball. Remove from

to only vanilla, and stir heat, add over popwell. Pour slowly * You'll say meals are blend

*4495 a cinch to make corn which some of the crowd has wi th a hollywoodipsasa had fun popping, and stir until every kernel is coated with syrup. When

is shape to handle, cool enough corn

Froiti AT HOME - buttered balls with lightly into For Dealer Inquiries or For Information on Where to Buy the hands. Yield: about 8 goodsized

HOLLYWOOD LIQUEFIER balls.

Write To Banana Ice Cream 3 ripe bananas 1 cup powdered milk 1 cup whipped cream FRESH Food HEALTH J&2& Mash bananas and mix with powdered milk. Fold in whipped cream.

00 Place in freezing compartment of

Bennett Road de1661665 smooth, a refrigerator. Makes 2.V ZCMIJ 109 Box J O. plenty frozen, licious dessert when

Salt Lake City 10, Utah> sweet without added sugar.

600 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ARE YOU A SUCCESSFUL HOSTESS?

Dm <JL.oui&e j-rlce (Dell 4sre4

Mother will be glad to have you ments—betake the responsibilityassured of that!of refreshAlso

to have your promise that you'll clean up after the party is over.

You'll find the gang will probably help you with the cleanup process, if you handle them as carefully as

Tom Sawyer did his fencepainting friends. this one's Delicious

It's a good idea to keep a scrapbook of party ideas, including reIt's called Old English Olive Rabbit freshments, games, decorations, or (or rarebit). A mighty tasty dish!

other items, to refer to when it's Purists say "rabbit,"but plenty of other your turn to entertain. Practise livesfolks on!say "rarebit."But it's safeAndtothebetcontroversythere'll be

makes perfect: Have parties for no controversy in your family about tho

small groups of friends (simple, indelicious flavor of this recipe.

ripe 2 cup chopped diced cups cheeseMosttheirmodern parents like to have expensive gatherings), but have Old English Olive Rabbit daughters play teenage often and help everybody to y% them olives salt tsp. y2

to their of hostess the role fun. have 1 tbsp. tsp. buffer or dry mustard Vi

friends, and yours are probably no Here are a few refreshment sug- 1 tbsp.margarineflour y4 tsp.sauceWorcestershire

exception. But do you make the gestions: Vi cup milk Dash cayenne pepper

most of this wonderful opportunity? Crisp toast or crackers

wellpoised a youngAre you hostRibbon Dessert blendEinse inandflour.drainAddolives.milk andMeltcheese,butterplaceandess, is having that sure everyone

over hot water and stir until cheese is or are you selfconsciousfun... melted. Blend in seasonings and chopped of raspberry a package up Make

on Serve crisp toast or crackers. ill at ease?and follow directions Junket on the olives. and 4. Serves

The first important thing is to box, pouring the pretty red pudding have something planned for the into the bottom of parfait or other Have you tried ripe olives crowd, even if it is nothing more dessert dishes and letting it set. that come

than making sure the favorite recNow make up a package of vanilla ready chopped?

haven't areords on hand and been pudding the raspberry, and add to grocer has Your sister older to someone yourlent by layer. making the second this Last, add them more conat the other end of town. And the layer of chocolate junket and venient way now—

speaking of plans, plan the party set in the refrigerator until time to chopped,use, in smallreadycansto that cost onlyall the way through—invitations, serve when a big dab of whipped pennies. They're so easy to use and

you'll so versatile, to probably wantdecorations, entertainment, and a will cream and bright red cherry keep shelf. several cans on your can relax andmenu. Then you picture. this decomplete the ribServe

vote your time to making your bon dessert with datenut cookies. The Magic Ingredient

guests happy, and the party will The same idea may be carried out You know how a fatake care of itself. with three colors of jello, if prevorite seasoning or

Always remember that a friendly ferred. "secretone of youringredients"very own

attitude in making guests feel at often makes the dish.

ease, and looking after their comfort Chopped ripe olives do that very thing, too, will do more to put the party over for a number of "basic recipes."that the a sprinhoursthan might be spent tyou \an ZiJo Jstl

it's kling morsels of these and presto!—Add refreshments. novelpreparing A olives ripe chopped with like magic Try column 'J'his young forparty occasion enfor mutual is an cheese meats, with seafood, with! and

joyment; so help the timid guest to people, and for any egg dishes; add them to meat loaves, to

become a part of the group. others who wish to take ofspaghetticourse, sauces,to appetizers!to Mexican dishes. And

Homemade punch in the refrigeradvantage of it, features If yojj'd like to know more ator, perhaps the makings of moarticles of a "howto- about these and other ways to olives—both ripe chopped enjoy taffy,lasses or a yummylooking doit"nature. Contribufor "Elegant whole—senddessert serve later in can that you Califorwith Recipes tions are Easy welcome and andbut

It's full of Olives."the nia Ripe should evening give reassurance will be considered for

it's free. practical ideas and is concerned. foodwhere

Board, Have publication Advisory Write at regular Olive everything of time prepared ahead Beale Street, San 16 T-8, rates. Dept.

California. Francisco 5, of the guests helpand let one you

when refreshment time comes.

AUGUST 1951 601 The Great White Plume (Continued from page 567) around to the back kitchen step and sat down and cried.

That night I lay awake till late,HOUSEHOLD HELPS trying to think up some odd job I

Times were tough in might find to earn three dollars;

grandma's day, and but I couldn't think of any.

housework pure drudg- r ery. She heated water on But next morning my mother a woodburning stove. shook me early to wake me, and TWIST of the

huffed She and scrubbed I when opened eyes there stood my over her washboard Ethel with mother, and even WRIST...and my Faye Baldwin when a washboard was...

Vano Home Adviser before spoke, that Mother I knew as a part of launmuch Hot Waters There is as dry equipment Liquid Starch Vano old Mrs. sent the had Wimmer

today. chores a housewife's aren't While

near so backbreaking.. she today. needs little girl for me. with an

get help she quick,"canwhat said. to cut timecor- up Mother "Jump ELECTRIC still best possible get ners, and last storm night results. I "The of blew part

hope these "Helps"will help you. the roof off Mrs. Wimmer's house. WATER HEATER

HOW TO DEAL \V Yousome mustshingleshurryandovera ladderthere andand getfix

WITH CHENILLE \\ it. It is something she cannot do

soakDo not cheherself."nille. sepaWash

rately in lukewarm I did not say so in front of the water and heavy suds. Squeeze suds little girl, but I followed my mother

through and through, but do not rub. to the springhouse and told her. in threeRinse waters lukewarm and gently squeeze out the water. Roll in towels "I'm going to charge her this

to press out moisture. Shake well and dry time,"I said. "If she's got money

iron.in shade. not dry, use Do When a to buy new spring hats, she cansoft, to clean brush bring If nap. up the

the spread looks lifeless and dull, add two afford to pay me."

tablespoons of Vano Powdered Bleach to "But be reasonable with her,"wash water to renew original brightness. Mother said. "Her money comes No fires to make

hard with no menfolk on the No basement stairs

NEW LIFE FOR place."to climb

AN OLD GARMENT Then I explained to Mother No gadgets to watch things colored Wash in how I'd seen Mrs. Wimmer pay suds and lukewarm water, to which you have added two tablethree dollars for a spring hat the

spoons of Vano Powdered Bleach. You evening before. I also explained

you've neverknow able been to bleach things. how I told much I wanted

colored things before safe. Vano's... but the her about shiny new fishing seeYou'll colored clothes zip show more

and bounce than they've shown since they rods and reels in Mr. Honaker's

were new. store that other boys could buy.

"Besides,"I said, "why does she buy from your dealer RIGHTHANG 'EM there to stay want at alone that;>-;;'v;..;;,:;orplymberTHEY'LL DRY BRIGHTER old place? can't live she go Why

Shake all clothes after with some of her children?"UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

wringing. Shake towels

briskly before hanging to "Because,"my mother replied, dry. This helps remove wrinkles and raises "that old place holds memories that

the nap. Hang nightgowns and skirts by are precious to her."

the hems, pajama shirts by shoulders.

Hang to prevent sagging... so when your What my mother said made no

clothes dry, are easier they are to iron. sense than more old what Mrs.

is to HERE ISWhatever starched be should be said to had Mr. Wimmer Honaker first, driedthoroughly in dipped then

Vano Liquid Starch, used full strength for down at the store about the whiteheavy starching. Thin remaining Vano blooms on the old apple trees. REAL HAIR

with water for lighter starching. But I somehow thought of such things again when I went with the BEAUTY

IF YOU'RE NOT little girl to old Mrs. Wimmer's

place. The house looked old and Creamed

USING dreamdrowsy with mold and moss. Shampoo

I looked at the ancient apple tree REDgqg with its slowly dying twigs, and I Vano

YOU'RE WORKING noticed, as she had said, that on if your hair needs

TOO HARD! the twigs that had enough life left help..,. -

to put out a blossom, the blossoms it needs L*D were white and gay; and I thought

602 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of the quivering white plume on the beautiful spring hat.

I saw the long row of wet quilts and blankets hung on the old paling fence to dry because they had become watersoaked when thestorm ripped the shingles from the TMimMroof. I remember old Mrs. WimOPENS

"//mer met me at the row of quilts. m **

She seemed to love the colors of the old quilts. 3/ TUES. SEPT. 4

"This,"she said, "is my old crazyquilt. I recollect the quilt- I New classes starting in:

ing we had one day... long 'fore

you were born. Your grandma and ACCOUNTING SECRETARIAL WORK

a lot of the neighbor women came GENERAL CLERICAL FIELDS in. Each of them brought a little

scrap of some garment kind of Consider the complete training and placement services availprecious to them.... able to you at L.D.S. Business College.

She stopped there and put on Write or call today for further information.

her glasses. She began feeling and

looking close along the old quilt BUSINESS COLLEGE patterns. colors andof many 70 North Main Salt Lake City

it is,"she said. "This L. D. S. here "Oh,

little square of gray. Your grandma brought that. It's from your

Civil uniform. oldgrandpa's War

telling awhile ALL-O-WHEAT wasYour ma me

it the only scrap that isback was CEREAL The Best and Most Healthful... it.left of

Cereal for Your Family to Eat!

Then she showed me the roof nutlike Its deliciousand the ladder and gave me two contains ALL flavor dollars to go get the shingles. the goodness of the

I looked at the job and figured entire Wheat Berry.

the time it would take me to go to Constantproducts usersalso testifyof our the store for shingles and then get to its value from a health standpoint. I fix guessed it it, and andup

IT'S vMiiiiiiiiiiimmiiinimiii mi mi STEELi minium CUTi mm iiiiinii! Humming day. of the take mostwould

"Three dollars,"I said, but not j ALL-O-WHEAT breakfast ceto her. I just said it to myself. | real is made from the choic- |

When I went for the shingles, I |1 wheats.est Utah andIt isIdahomilleddry tofarma |

stopped at Mr. Honaker's store. | granular fineness on a spe- |

I got him to lay away for me the | cial Steel Cut machine, thus | fishing rod and reel with the three- | retaining a maximum of | dollar tag on it. | vitamins, body building pro-

| I got back and set up the ladder |tiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiii!iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiteins, minerals, etc. minium n?

and carried the bundles of shingles up on the roof. I remember the ALL-O-WHEAT IS

little girl, Ethel, climbed up the DELICIOUS to the Taste ladder and spoke to me while I NUTRITIOUS to the Body nailed shingles. EASY TO PREPARE

VERY ECONOMICAL to use "How much you gonna charge Get it at your grocers today

Granny?"the little girl asked. or write to

OF THE MAKERS CO. BY I said, "Oh, about three dollars, ALL-O-WHEAT

I guess."OGDEN, UTAH NAPKINS PAPER MARCAL

She climbed back down, and 1 did not see the little girl for awhile,

I did, going she wasand when Make Hotel Stephen's Motor I recollect the road. pink thedown Blvd. Wilshire 11955 jo* -eveny Cal. 25, Los Angeles West fluttered in the spring thatribbon

I. in A. while Headquarters Yourwind from her hair, and she was location near our new temple site. FiveExcellentmincool. to utes ocean. Wonderfully No smog. hatbox. acarrying or wire For write Reservations CO. SALT LAKE COSTUME

Bott, Nettie Jorgensen Owner I 3-1031 St., Salt So. Main Lake City - Dial When finished with the roof 248 located Centrally for vacation enjoyment.

(Continued on following page) AUGUST 1951 603 NEW DRIPLESS THE GREAT WHITE P1UME

I gave him the three onedollarPLASTIC SACRAMENT SET (Continued from preceding page) late in the day and climbed down, bills for the new fishing rod and with Automatic Locking folding handles Mrs. Wimmer stood at the foot of reel and started back up the road

the ladder with three onedollar with it on my shoulder, and I bills in her hand. thought it was pretty the way it

It kind of hurt me in the heart glistened in the evening sun.

to take it, but I reasoned that other Then I saw the little girl's tracks people charged for their work, and in the sand. I saw them going and

I took it and thanked Mrs. Wimcoming from Mr. Honaker's store.

mer, and I struck out for Mr. Hona- I thought of how she had hurried

ker's store. with the hatbox. I thought of how

xvnxsvSSkZnS

Settleemen 2>undtown ICHARD L EVANS Set consists of 2 pieces, a bread

AVE you ever walked out of your way to avoid speakingand water tray, in beautiful appear- H to someone? If you have, no doubt you remember that

ing plastic (choice of Crystal or Milk you weren't quite comfortable. The more people you feel

White). Note the large sturdy handles you have to avoid, the more ill at ease you are. The more

(all handles are Crystal) that autounsettled differences you have, the fewer places you feel matically lock in place. Handles fold free to go. If you have an unsettled quarrel with a neighbor, you probably feel uncomfortable and selfconscious

down, out of the way, when not in in passing his place. If you have an unsettled misunderuse; requiring only 1/3 the space of standing with someone in your own family, you don't feel

old type sets. as comfortable in the same house as you could. A man

with an unsettled quarrel is never quite at ease inside,

Water trays feature a special rim and a man who isn't at ease inside cannot do his best work. In other words, our feelings against others cramp

around each individual cup opening our own activities. And for this reason, and for many

as well as around outer edge of tray. others, a quick and fair clearing of the atmosphere is so

This practically eliminates inconvenmuch to be preferred to dragging out differences. Sir

ience of dripping water. This is a Francis Bacon said, "Let not the sun go down upon your

anger."Certainly we'd all be happier if each day's differspecial patented feature. ences could be settled by sundown—because this business

of brooding, this fermenting inside, is a deadly killer

ORDER FOR YOUR WARD TODAY of human happiness. Sometimes people foolishly go along

Sets available at Presiding Bishop's for years avoiding one another. Their estrangement may

Office - Salt Lake City, Utah date back to some almost forgotten offense. But they have

or Order Direct from persisted so long in injured silence that it is embarrassing for either to break it. The best way to settle a misunderTHE PLASTICAL COMPANY at the price of a little pride Blvd. standing is to settle it—even 3575 Manchester Inglewood 4, California even if we don't feel that we were at fault—even if it

isn't rightly our place to make the first move. It may be

worth swallowing just a little pride to have a load lifted off our minds, because everyone is cramped and uncomfortable in the presence of unreconciled enemies. And

making the first move isn't always altogether a question of being magnanimous. It may be simply a question of

being sensible. It is in our own interest to have misunderstandings cleared up, so that we can be at ease in our own

home, in our own town, in our own thoughts—and not

have to dodge and duck and feel that there are people we'd rather not meet face to face. There is much to be

said for settlement before sundown.

-Jhe Spoken lA/ord from TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SYSTEM, JUNE 10, 1951

Copyright, King Features

604 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

mm old Mrs. Wimmer had looked with

the sparkle in her old eyes when she had looked in the mirror and the great misty plume quivered, and

I wondered if an old lady's heart could ache for a beautiful plume in the springtime the same as mine Insist on the

Seal Quality reel. for and could a new rod

Careful of things, of such I thought As Conner* I Home slowed. I do not remember just the

Resilient heavy When the sun starts to sizzle.. turning point, but somewhere along, i:* steel—something turned road the dusty

I was bulging. j,.... coat food me, was hurrying. and I

loping back to Mr. Honaker's store. oner, on tin. latex

"Did the little girl that stays with Mrs. Wimmer bring back Mrs. high SE|i/* 00—Exclusive

Wimmer's hat?"I asked Mr. Honaker. and off."

"Yes,"he said, "wanted the money back... to fix the roof or something."BerNARdin

::*i- "You still got the hat?"I asked.

Your rooms can be "Yes, it's there,"he said.

"Why?""I want to trade you back this fishing rod and reel for the hat,"15 Cooler! I told him. ONE DOZEN

with "That's a curious trade for a boy,"Mr. Honaker said, "but it's / STANDARD/

I LIDS and the down, hatbox He got MASON frlYLoCK J all right with me."At the your grocers in other against fishing rod the leaned sizes TOO

SHADE SCREENING counter and got out.

I loped up the road, but once I

The thin louvres on this modstopped. I lifted the lid from the

ern lowcost Kaiser Aluminum hatbox to look at the misty, quivery,

Shade Screening are set at an white plume. I wanted to touch angle, deflecting the sun's rays. it, but I could see it was not a QUICK

shadare sunniest rooms Result: Your

as much thing to be touched by my plow light and ed, and airy, yet are as 15 cooler! Yet you can see out and hammerhandle hands, and I

clearly. Protects against fading; repels put the lid back and hurried on.

flying insects; and assures permanent When I got in sight of Mrs.

beauty. Made by the manufacturer of Wimmer's old house, I missed

the famous RYLOCK Tens/on Window something. The old memory quilt

features, Screens... the patented with

DEALER was gone from the fence, and when LUMBER LOCAL AT YOUR

Mrs. Wimmer saw the hatbox, she

MORRISONMERRILL& CO. just looked at me a little while,

DISTRIBUTORS BUILDING MATERIAL LAKE CITY, UTAH and then she spoke. 205 NORTH 3rd WEST SALT

Boise, Twin Falls, Pocatello, Idaho, Reno, Nevada "You've brought it back,"she cried. "I was just fixing to send

Ethel after it."

Quick, Easy Way to "You mean you had three more dollars?"I asked. STOP SMOKING COSTIT PAYS""Not till after I sold the quilt,""IT DOESN'T

no with stop smoking Now you can first comfortably, easily, the very day—oreffort, she said. "Your ma was over a

your money refunded. The recent medical while ago. She's been wanting that

discovery—NICOread about you have

nonold crazy quilt because of that little harmless, absolutely guaranteed STOP, forming. toxic, Endorsed nonhabit

leaders. Used sucphysicians and church by patch of gray. And here's your Serves 4... ready in

At your cessfully by thousands. druggist's three dollars back."

information free today for or mail coupon about available sizes and moneyback I took the three silver dollars 4 minutes... at amazing guarantee.

NICOSTOP, Dept. A, Saint Helena, Calif. with the years we kids were born

Please send free information and prices. on them, and I hurried home. I

City State wanted to drop them back in the

Name Address money cup on top of the kitchen cabinet. NOW AT YOUR GROCER!

AUGUST 1951 605 SCENE FROM A HILL {Concluded from page 577) my grandfather, but I'd just like

So, as I stood there on the brow to see a few. Nor am I picking on

of that hill, looking down on what farmers. Too many of us have

had been a fine old New England grown soft, and with the advent of farm, I think I was justified in wonpush-button existences we have dering what has happened in thirtygrown indolent.

five years. I assume that I am

certainly not justified in believing Perhaps I am too critical, but at that there are no more people like least I know I'm confused.

>v9>9\3\9vJN9>Jvn555

EVERYWHERE in Utah, Idaho, Montana and Nevada there's a KOLOB

AGENT ready to advise you on your Jnat5 or \Jur J&eevt6 insurance problems. Every type of RICHARD L. EVANS

coverage, prompt settlement of claims, more than 300 agents. rE well remember those years—the years when we w had definitely passed our childhood but had not yet

A General Insurance Agency quite definitely "arrived"as adults. Our problems, which

often seemed deeply serious to us, were not always conFRANK SALISBURY, MGR. sidered so by others. More was expected of us than we

had been accustomed to, yet less confidence was reposed in us than we sometimes thought should have been; and

we were sometimes resentful of restraints. We have seen

the wisdom of it all since then, but it was often trying in our teens. We sometimes thought of parents as people

who didn't seem to know that the world had "changed."

330 Judge Bldg. - Salt Lake City Their ideas and admonitions often seemed "oldfashioned,"

and there may have been times when we felt they were

Gfves You merely trying to interfere with our fun. Yes, we knew

. i*L-i*<-i-M; that they had been "over the road,"but we were given to

EASYstarching supposing that the road must have altered altogether since they were young. To us it was a new road. How could BEAUTIFUL, they know? But to them it was fundamentally a familiar

M Easy Ironing butjourney.basicallySuperficiallythe same roadsthe scenerystill go thechangessame places.somewhatAnd

Ready To Use! to you in the years of your youth: Believe us, parents

Just Add don't want to "spoil your fun."But they have traveled

Hot or Cold Water the road, and they have seen the signs—and they know

the dangerous dead ends; they have seen the crashes of

those who ignore the precautions—and they don't want

you to come to a jumpingoff place at a speed you can't control. All the rules of the road ( all the commandments

and precautions) are necessary because time and experience and human nature have proved that they are necessary. And so, be grateful for the precautions of parents.

Have faith in them. They may not be infallible, but their

wisdom will far outweigh their mistakes. And whatever

else you may think, and however impatient you may become, write this on your heart and never forget it: Your

is their first happiness 10)1 UtyUB'Stf|0 will understand you time when concern. this—ifAnd therenot sooner,will comethena MORE ECONOMICAL years from now, when you yourself may be anxiously

Because It's Concentrated! trying to see a boy and a girl of your own through the

BUY AT YOUR GROCERS times of their teens.

HOTEL LANKERSHIM -JW Spokt WoJ"FROM TEMPLE SQUARE 7th & BROADWAY PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADWITH BATH ROOMS CASTING SYSTEM, JUNE 17, 1951

Double $3.50 Single—$5.00 m

lew Dining and Supper Rooms Copyright, King Features

IN THE VERY HEART OF LOS ANGELES 606 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FIRST OF ALLRELIABILITY The Church Moves On (Concluded from page 552) atinesD 1 ft June M. I. A. conference began

with an early morning reception by general board members on Temple

Brings you the matchless tone of Square. There were general sessions

in the Tabernacle at 9:30 a.m. and

presidents'and A superintendents'THE LESTER luncheon1:30 p.m. banGleaner and a Golden

CONSOLE quetThewereallChurchheld. relay meet finals SAVINGSJust OpenACCOUNTA

were held at the University of Utah NOW!

Ideal instrument for schools, churches stadium preceding the dance festival. with $50.00 or more and you will receive

and conservatories Thirty thousand spectators filled the andFREE pencilyour set.lovely Schaeffer Fineline pen

University of Utah stadium to see the Savings Accounts in any amount $1 to annual dance festival of the M. I. A. $25,000.

Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the 32 years of continuous operation.

Council of the Twelve delivered the CURRENT Per commencement address at the ColDIVIDEND Annum lege of Osteopathic Physicians, Los M

Angeles, and received an honorary degree of humane letters from that instiUtah Savings tution. and Loan Association

172 West Center, PROVO devoted to day was -| The M. I. A. MAIL HANDY COUPON sessions departmental of the June

conference. The annual music festival Send your check or money order to

of June conference was held in the Utah Savings, 172 Center, Provo, and

Tabernacle. yourwill besavingsmailed passto youbookimmediately.and pen set

17 A general session of the Name..

Suitable for any setting because of its charm M. I. A. June conference, under Address....

and simple dignity. A superior LESTER piano the direction of the First Presidency City Zone State

produced with pride and integrity to bring was held in the Salt Lake Tabernacle.

you these qualities: The afternoon session, held in the

Tabernacle, and conducted by General # TONE depth and brilliance aSuperintendent"Conference Elbertof LatterdayR. Curtis, Saintwas

# DURABILITY—more than a Youth."

lifetime dependability # VALUE—performance, styling

and workmanship unequaled by These Times comparison of prices. (Concluded from page 546)

arrangements—a process that began

j Daynes Music Co. I with George Washington and has

slowly but surely accelerated since

Abraham Lincoln, until today, the 111

Salt Lake pattern of every major piece of legis45-47 South Main, 145 North University, Provo lationfunction,is toandconfera newa newpowerduty, ona newthe

President. This process concerns not

only the inhabitants of this republic,

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS but, also, as stated above, much of the

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple western world. The Mutual Defense Right There

sore throat and other minor mouth Assistance Act of 1949 is a case in point. with a

statute authorizes the Presidentand throat irritations. The

to arm, and in cooperate arming,... full color, three dimenforeign countries; e.g. France. The sional pictures of American

President in turn issues an executive scenic beauty. Hundreds of HALLS REMEDY with seven magdesignating (in this case) the reels—each Salt Lake City, Utah order nificent pictures. secretary of state as the administrator

the department of defense. secreThe ACCOR D IONS of such programs, cooperating with Write for free catalog tary issues of state then an order

ITALIAN MAKES FAMOUS the becomes "law"and to Bible Students, Christian Available Workers which the PHOTO at and Missionaries guide post for the operations. This CO & MATERIALS SPECIAL DISCOUNTS is in American times government these

for Literature FREE Write Today Ph.3-1404 So Temple

its and for should be understood wide 2 7 West Inc. CENTER, ACCORDION CHICAGO UTAH. CITY, LAKE SALT

IE, Ave., Chicago Dept. 22, III N. Damen 754 implications 1952. and in now

AUGUST 1951 607 0WT, /KT\2S2Si?\iSiSiX3\9\3

Editors: Dear Los Angeles 41 FOUR ORGANIZATIONS HONOR LD.S. GIRL * I 'hank for you for everything, and especially the kind

-*- words regarding the Brannan article. The layout and "RJarion Greaves, San Diego

the "dressing"effective gave it were very you added and ** Stake president of Junits to interest. immeasurably opinion the April In my Era ior Gleaners, top received four

I a fine marked of milestone publishing, and indeed proud am awar,ds graduation from upon to little have it. article had included as part of a my Jolla School, High La San

Friberg's Arnold magnificent of the painting Brooklyn's California, Diego, in June:

California entry striking a cover made delight preThe American Legion illustration—a

to every Latterday Saint Pacific the fine on reCoast. The sented a with Marion medal

it, production did of is in color, you process credit to a the for the being outstanding art it Is of printing. to possible for prints get his In framing? in citizen her senior year. girlA perfectly creation, superb Friberg has to history made come for gold being the cup winner

life. all the California in And material that issue unique was in contest to select a the best

the on high plane. same Congratulations! in student vocational arts was

gratitude, With always, all with best to and of wishes you, to presented her the by Bank

Sincerely, of America. Las Socias Neu

Paul Bailey vas selected Marion as win- $ ner of the club's top scholarDear Editors: Stockton, California ship award of $200.00. The

TJlease accept my apology for this belated acknowledgLa Jolla Business and Pro- * fessional Club ment courtesy the of your during preparation the of April Women's their MARION GREAVES winner of named Marion Era. trying to find been a I have a drop moment to you

line of for appreciation scholarship, a $50.00 to kindnesses your advance annual me—the

award. of copy sent me, very and the workmanlike the Era you

manner in which you condensed the long history of the Marion is an active member of the Pacific Beach Ward

Church in northern California. I do appreciate your personal M. I. A., where she currently serves as organist.

interest. The entire number was most interesting and has Reported by Effie H. Biesack

evoked a great deal of favorable comment.

My congratulations also to you for the very interesting article on the "first farmer."It revealed a new character to

the years during me; I have been here, somehow, I had never THE LIGHT TOUCH his across name. come

Your California issue has proved such a success, I am anxiously awaiting "special issues"on other parts of the ONESIDED

Idaho, Church, such as Canada, Arizona, southern Utah, "I don't think I like it,"said the little sixyear-old after to Hawaii, etc. there a few where are temples. name

The current issue about President McKay is a masterpiece. her first day of school. "I'd rather play outside."

I am sure the people all over the Church will be deeply "But you do like your teacher, don't you?"asked her

grateful for this inspiring issue. mother.

I girl then said, "No, small and thought a moment The Sincerely, all her her, either. to like wants think She I'm going W. way."Aird Macdonald owndon't

Dear Editors: Oskaloosa, Iowa

certainly like the covers on the April and May Eras, I and I like the color I find inside, too. You have led the A young woman should hold on to her youth—but not

Era into the class of first class magazines. I will be looking while he's driving.

forward each month to the colorful and absorbing new Era. ***** Sincerely, Yours

Clifford E. Garrett When you start out to borrow trouble, you find your credit

is always good.

If a man wins a woman by convincing her she is more important than he is, he has no business getting angry when she agrees with him.

Every cloud has a silver lining, but nowadays it's pretty difficult to get it to the mint.

pivE Master M Men and two Golden Gleaners in one *- family! That is the record of the Widdisons where there

are five brothers, a sister, and a sisterin-law who have achieved these awards. They hold and have held many positions of trust in the Church: (left to right back row), Elbert

G. Widdison, Explorer leader in San Diego while serving in

the U. S. Navy; Arch G. Widdison, member of the Lake

View (Utah) Stake high council; Howard J. Widdison, Era

director of Lake View Stake. Middle row: Donna W.

Draper, Bee Hive teacher in the Spanish Fork Second Ward,

Palmyra (Utah) Stake; Lillian Widdison Garner, their mother, Relief Society theology leader, Lake View Stake; Elon

Imlay Widdison, Primary Association counselor, Hooper

Second Ward, Lake View Stake. Front row: Don G. Widdison, stake athletic supervisor, Lake View Stake; Milton G.

Widdison, counselor in the bishopric of Hyland View Ward,

East Mill Creek (Salt Lake City) Stake.

608 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a strong flavor of Spanish Colonial crete CtlSt Stone in designs that harmonizeThere's design about the picturesque little Mexican with the lines of the building.

Branch chapel of the LD.S. Church at 232

In this attractive new church building,West 8th South in Salt Lake City. On the

beauty and economy have been successfully outside, the roughtextured white Buehnercombined by architects Woods and Woods crete masonry units with flush mortar joints and executed with fine craftsmanship by simulate Spanish style exteriors, while on the mason contractors Knudsen and Hirschi.

inside walls of the recreation hall, these same units contrast pleasingly with the polished Economical Buehnercrete cuts the fiwood beams and rafters. nancial burden in building new chapels,

yet provides attractive appearance, long

The entrance doorway and other accent life, and freedom from maintenance expense. You can build better at less cost

points are charmingly trimmed with Buehnetwith Buehnercrete Products.

OTTO BUEHNER & CO. BUEHNER BLOCK CO. - CreteBuehner

Architectural Cast Concrete Units Masonry Stone >v 640 Wilmington Ave. South 2800 West Temple PRODUCTS

J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

rom the time he took charge of the family farm as a boy of 16,

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., has held positions involving great responsibility. Teacher, principal and university professor, lawyer and internationally prominent statesman, counselor in the First Presidency, scholar,

writer, and authority on the life of Jesus, President Clark has brought to

his varied tasks a wisdom and wit that have made his counsel highly valued.

We are pleased to have him as a vice president of Beneficial.

BENEFICIAL LIFE Insurance Company David O. McKay, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah