The Improvement Era April 1960

Something warm and human and wonderful happens when you send flowersby-wire

This Easter, span the miles flowersby-wire are fast, easy with flowersby-wire—thesame to send. Just call or visit the

wonderful, beautiful flowers FTD florist nearest you. He's

you'd give her if you were listed in the Yellow Pages of there. They'll reach out to her your phone book under FTD—

and touch her deeply, affecFlorists'Telegraph Delivery.

tionately—with your own perBeautiful selections, low as $5. <0o*'

sonal message of love. And Delivery anywhere.

This Emblem Guarantees Florists'Telegraph Delivery—orQualityyourandmoneyDeliveryback

'I..::'-:.:.-:..-',::

v llllSli

mmmiiMmMtmMm!;

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

Stuttering Dr. Wendell Johnson and his research group have just published a

book about the beginning of stuttering. Two of their general findings

are: the parents of stutterers are

more demanding than others regarding the fluency of their children, With a tasty spread and these parents are somewhat more or just by themselves dissatisfied with their children and with each other than the parents of nonstutterers.

It's Honey BeePreserving Milk British companies have developed a process for preserving milk for 18 Grahamsmonths without loss of flavor. After

normal pasteurizing the milk is irradiated with ultrasonic energy at kilocycles1 to 1.3 at levels power in flavor

2225 it is a quart. watts quick Supreme Then

frozen and stored at 8 F. until thawing for use. An afternoon snack for the youngsters... a whole-

..a fancy sandwich Mm some dessert for all the family.The StarterFrog creation for your parties! There are so many ways

to serve Honey Bee Grahams by Purity. They're

the finest—made of choicest ingredients, sweetened

the natural way with real honey. Delicious!

Keep them on hand In British Honduras there is a "starterfrog"which sounds so much like the starter on an automobile that it may even fool mechanics.

Bone Ice Skates The earliest ice skates had runners of bone, cow ribs, or bones of a horse or reindeer, bound to the feet with thongs. The earliest example At your store

the fromcomes town of Bjorko, in 1 -pound and flourishedSweden, which between the 8th and 10th centuries. William 2-pound cartons

Stephanides writing about London in 1180 A.D. tells of skaters pushing

themselves with a piked staff. Honey Bee Grahams bY PURITY

Purity Biscuit Company, Salt Lake Bowman Biscuit Company, Denver

Divisions of United Biscuit Co. ot America

APRIL 1960 209 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for April 1960 Volume 63, Number 4

Church Features

The Editor's Page: For God and Country, President David O. McKay 222

Your Question: Paul's Counsel on Women Speaking in Churches,

President Joseph Fielding Smith 224

Half Century of Service—President Joseph Fielding Smith 229

The Church Moves On, 220; Melchizedek Priesthood Page: The 1960's: Years of Renewal and

Dedication, 274; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 276.

Special Features

Fifty Years of Scouting, D. L. Roberts 226

On My Honor, Kelvin Wallace Coventry 230

The Foretold Name of Jesus, Ariel L. Crowley 236

Parents: Teach Your Child to Speak, LeGrande Maglehy 242

Understanding Those We Teach..., Paul H. Dunn 244 ARTCover:ANDOil painting,PHOTO CREDITS:Dale Kilbourn

Photography Saans andThe Breakthrough in Reading, Evelyn N. Wood... 246

Staff: Era 209,The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 258, 266, 270, 287 228, 230, 234,212,236238,222, 224,240226,

242, 244, 246, 248, 274, 276, 288 278, 280, of Universities S. Harris, Times: Needs Franklin These Jr., 209; the Universe, SomeExploring

227 Luoma, in Half Shine Reports, 214; 212; Letters andin the 1960's, Durham, G. Homer 216 the Time, EvaDeseret News,

Roberta Lindsay Peeden, 215; MIA General Board Appointees, 216. Dale Kilbourn and Ed Maryon, art,

232233 Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor John M. Goddard, 235

Spring, Spring, Wonderful Spring 278

On Being a Lady: The Real You 280

Household Helps 280 Fragrances and Flavors, Lucille J. Goodyear 282

The Last Word 288

Stories, Poetry The Bravest Man (cone), Deone R. Sutherland 232

Kayaks Down the NileVI, John M. Goddard 234

Alvin Larson's Last Pony Express Ride, Leone R. McCune 240

Poetry 239, 250, 258, 262, 264, 268, 281, 284, 288

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, 11, Utah

Richard and David O. McKay

Editor; Albeht L. Zobell,L. Evans,Jn., ResearchEditors; DoyleEditor;L.JohnGbeen,G. Kinneab,ManagingEditorialEditor; Associate;Mabba C. FlorenceJosephson,B.AssociatePinnock, ManagingToday's FamilyEditor;Editor;ElizabethRalphJ. ReynoldsMoffitt, Production

Directors. Art and Mabyon, Ed COVER: THE

Editors. Contributing B. Spebry, Nibley, Sidney S. R. Hunter, Milton Harris, Jr., Hugh Franklin Durham, G. F. Bennett, Archibald Homer has Artist adapted Kilbourn Dale

Director; Snabb, Subscription Business Scott, Manager; Manager; General A. Glen Associate S. Reedeb, Vebl F General Manager; Bebtha Bentley, T. transparency oils color a recent in

Representative. Advertising Regional Evans, JosephThayeb of President Photography Saans by

of the three and O. McKay David

Saints. All rights of of Christ the Latterday of Associations Jesus Church the Inc., Mutual Improvement published by Funds, by Mutual and Copyright i960 are of Cub tomorrow."They "men issues. for single special copy, except year, in advance; 25c a $3.00 subscriptions, foreign in year, price, advance; reserved. $2.50 a Subscription Curtis Scout Boy Scout Doman, in 1103. section rate for provided of special at postage mailing for matter. Acceptance as secondclass at Salt Office, City, Post the Utah Entered Lake Explorer Bruschke, and Act Ronald 1918. authorized of 2, 1917, July October

Tempest. Keith l'<4c at of the rate for acceptance are paid Manuscripts contributions. on is for but manuscripts unsolicited responsible welcomes not Era Improvement The

return. for delivery sufficient and postage by accompanied be a and must word

full Address in color magazine. of slip lithographed the a issue recent from Cover address is please include change, a address. for of notice required days'change Thirty When

is included. well as as Press. one old the address cannot unless the newordering changes be made by Deseret News

210 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 3. MISSIONARY 4. A READER FOR

STUDY GUIDE THE TEACHER Joseph V. Cook Compiled by A. Homer Reiser

of Ideas fromMissionary Joseph C. Rich, Jr. An Anthology

The Instructor questionand-answer of volume unique large and book A doctrine explores LDS Study Athat aids taken from The teaching missionaries in to give order the over magazine a Instructor abroad at and home the in discipline years. Discusses all scriptures, of Guide knowledge

lesto organize classroom, how testistrong unswerving a mony, and a direct approach sons, how to "chalktalk"or use that will be most effective the flannel board, and many in presenting the Gospel other ideas by such outstanding message. teachers as Karl G. Maeser,

Cannon, Lowell Ben- Q. 2.95 George

others. nion and

2.95

iiliiiiiiliki

2. APOSTASY i 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City. Utah

FROM THE DESERET BOOK COMPANY East South Temple City,DIVINE CHURCH 44Salt Lake Utah

Gentlemen: L. Barker James

find ( ) will check Enclosed you ) money order { ) I have for the book.Reference

$.. account. Please charge. enclosed Amount Melchizein theteachers

books: encircled (numbered) for 1960 Priesthooddek

that gives a comprehen- 1 2 sive account of the Apostasy. This book is an

exceptional value, containing 784 pages.

2.95 jv..... Zone State

WBmUUUBTResidents of Utah include 2'/2% sales tax.

GOOD NEWS These Times

J

A NEW SERIES

Some Needs of CHORAL MUSIC Universities in the 1960's Designed for L.D.S. Choirs

by leading L.D.S. Composers by Dr. G. Homer Durham

Vice President, University of Utah 1001. Durham, G. H. (Ait.) A Poor Wayfaring Man of Grief (S.A.T.B.) A setting of

the Prophet Joseph Smith's favorite hymn. 25 will 1960's see of the impact The a "fortunate"tendance often means

1002. G. Durham, H. (An.) Hail Cumorah!

II social the experience, "babies"interfered on the World with by War (S.A.T.B. organ solo) and Durham's Thomas

"Nephite Song of Lamentation".25 nation's colleges. Family formation, study, rather than the true end of

1003. Welch, Jay E. (Arr.) Sweet is the population growth, and need for going to college. Greater concenWork (S.S.A.A.T.T.B.B.) McClelland 's hymn accompanying economic growth will tration on institutional objectives by

as arranged by the Tabernacle Choir's Asexpand enormously. If universities governing boards, faculties, students,

sistant Conductor 25 1004. Gates, Crawford (Arr.) Come, Come can meet the demands for a heavy and all patrons of learning will help

Ye Saints (S.S.A.A.T.T.B.B.) Elder Gatesincrease in enrolment, this will go a this situation—which has its roots in

original Promised Valley, version.25 long way toward solving problems the community.

1005. Gates, Crawford (Arr.) Abide with

'Tis EventideMe, (S.S.A.A.T.T.B.B.) 25 which this growth will bring. 3. Simwltaneous effective manage1006. Gates, Crawford (Arr.) Let Us Speak The major universities of America ment by faculties of twin problems

Kind Words To Each Other (S.A.T.B.).25 have become national institutions, in the educational process: (a) the

1007. Durham, G. H. Walk Humbly With supporting worldwide enterprises necessity for attention to students

(S.A.T.B.)Thy Cod new A with anthem Old all individuals, kinds. of as with (b) combined expect From them we textTestament from Proverbs 25 necessity the of faculty answers to fundamental problems members

1008. (Arr.) G. H. Durham, / That Know larger larger trained handling to and and carry people the numbers Lives Redeemer (S.A.T.B.)My arrangeAn

ment of the familiar Edwards'melody 25 liberating influence of intelligence of students without diminishing into all situations: cancer, inflation, quality. This will mean developdefense, peace, family life, crime, ment of many new skills, the abanDESERET MUSIC urban blight, poverty. doning of old habits and accustomed

PUBLISHERS their ways, assigned by members. pace with many faculty To keep

127 South West Temple mission, technological universities in Fear of the 1960's unemployment, Salt City, Lake Utah will need: or observation of the teaching process

Please send the number of copies of each selection as indicated below for 1. More encouragement, critical by the searching eyes and ears of

which I enclosecheck Q or money orderQ positivesupport, leadershipand some largerfrom measuretheir comof televisionwill be successfullyand other metnewbyequipment,new edufor $ munities. Most universities tend to cational pioneers. Mark Hopkins

copies 1001 copies 1005 copies copies be better than their communities decan still sit on one end of a log, 1 002 1006 1 003 copies 1007 copies mand. If the communities would but for some excellent university

1004 copies 1008 copies only demand something a little betpurposes, millions can now sit on the

Please send me one copy of the selecter, the resulting improvements could other end.

tions indicated for a FREE TEN -DAY be truly remarkable. 4. Legislators, governing boards,

EXAMINATION PERIOD.Q 2. More conscious concentration friends, and alumni will have to inName by students on the main purposes corporate new meaning into their

Address of university attendance. For the roles as guardians and patrons of

City State less mature person university at- (Continued on page 284) (Utah residents add 2Vs% sales tax.)

212 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Police Chief Skousen at the training grounds of the Salt Lake City Police Canine Corps.

Postum is the natural wholegrain drink that warms the heart

Have a cup of friendship... have a cup of Postum. So many IPOStTTZM 2

leading citizens do. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals,

slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor. It's hearty,

healthful, hospitable.

Postum is 100% coffeefree, contains no caffein or other:-;:: <:—'

artificial stimulants. Ready in an instant, it's always welcome.

Make sure you always have Postum on hand.

100% coffeefree Sgjw Another fine product of General Foods

APRIL 1960 213

Correction

Salt Lake City, Utah Dear Editors:

I have reason to believe that you have made a mistake in the explanation of the cover of the February 1960 issue of theLetters Era.You said on page 66, number 5, that

this home belonged to Lorenzo Snow, and

I have reason to believe that this home belonged to Erastus Snow and Nathanieland Ashby....

Penny Ann Ashby

After rechecking source material at the

Church Historians Office, with the aid ofReports Sister Ashby s sixpage documented letter, as well as other letters, telephone calls, and personal visits to the Era offices, from various people, we realize that we printed an error that has crept into several articles and publications concerning "old Nauvoo"over the years.

In checking again we would call the home that was designated as "5,"the "Duplex Home of Erastus Snow and

Nathaniel Ashby."—Editors

Williams, California Brethren: I have been reading the Era since late 1948 and look forward each month to reading such a wonderful magazine. It

should be in the home of every member

Silver Palm awards were presented to two are members of the teachers'quorum in as it contains so many inspiring articles outstanding young LDS men of Explorer Arlington Ward. that cannot be found elsewhere.

Post 141 at the Arlington Ward, WashingIn addition to being Eagle Scouts with What has happened that we do not see merit of badges, 21 accomplishment the stories or short the written poems by of held Stake,ton (Virginia) Court Honor fill Silver to the boys the Palm two had arti- I Yost? Frances Carter her enjoyedrecently.

extra 15 an earning requirements by award cles to again very soon hope and much left are to right) Pictured (from above at least of period a over merit badges read some. the of BarkerPresident WashRobert W. months. 18 start of receiving soon hopes With my presidency, Stake Scout Eagleington John of conducted Court Honor was by The all of wishing and magazine Cod's you

Phillips, Capital National CounAreaReed President President Robert Smith, D. Milan I blessings, richest am

cil Singleton, Executive R. Scout Glenn group, Scout the and addressed Barker W.

Eagle Scout James Salin, and Washington Executive R. Glenn Singleton made the Your LDS Sister,

Stake President Milan D. Smith. Both boys awards. Mrs. Ada Reister

Parowan, Utah Dear Sir: This note is to express my thanks and: A r n o William branch teacher and has taught in Primary. appreciation for the Era and the wonderTroff, 17, son of He was president of the senior class and ful, inspiring articles it brings to us each

Aeilt and Opal class salutatorian at the Ledyard Commonth. And the poetry! I miss the full

Troff, and an active munity School and received two meritorious page poetry, but please continue to include *V* t priestmont in( Minnesotathe Fairawardsmanagerin ofbasketball.the schoolHe paperwas advertisingand was as Themanybeautifullypoems as coloredpossible coverin eachpicturesissue.

at times are appropriate and to receive the from student body the chosen of Branch illustrate to for lesson the need AssociaState Bar a the justmywhatJuniorI Iowa from medal North Central class. School Sunday tion State Bar Foundation the and Iowa States Mission, has

sucitizenship exhibiting a for good and indiearned an

Sincerely, of conperior the American knowledge vidual o a r n i c A Ivy Ward stitutional received of government. form He Priesthood award

for each of the a national merit scholarship for placing in school of high top the percent 400,000 two years.past four Arno, resides forty who Greenville, N.C. tests. is attendstudents taking the Arnomiles at the chapel from Fairmont, is a Editor: Dear year. this University State ing Iowa

subscription This letter encloses a gift of the Era for a lending library at the local hospital.... The messages that

fill the Era each month thrill me through and through. There is something for all

all I that people. ages these and know

are of the Although not Hunts, England members we leaders, inspired our through come

Sirs: with interest followDear Church, we LDS is this Lord's work. the its thingsand God May activities. like for of progress copies and to thank I would you bless of that the the work Church and the courtesy of receivedEra our through Era. organ Improvement Thecousin, really sincerely, F. Yours Mr. Wilson. Dale We

enjoy this magazine and look forward to A. E. Townsend Sincerely, a brother in the gospel,

its arrival each month. Kenneth W. Harper

214 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Building in 1960?

Shine Your Best Buy in half is the time

by Roberta Lindsay Peeden

Like it or not, spring house clean- '- - - ing time is here. Today we are all

living at a fast pace. But you can

keep up the pace, with a smile on your face. Especially if you can

make your housework easier.

other shopping, while day The I You'll be "I wife a say toheard her husband, wish you would buy me an electric wax polisher."Her thrifty husband proud of your

replied, "Why? What can it do that

with can't doyou hands?"your own Brick home for a lifetimeObviously, that never woman may

have the luxury of an electric polisher. But she like millions of other

women can make house cleaning easier for herself by knowing a few wax tricks.

Maybe she has been using a wax paste that requires a lot of hand rubbing. with Nowadays, all the mselfpolishing the market, waxes on

every woman's floors can glisten in a jiffy with a minimum of effort.

Don't be like one mother who comWe invite you to see our plained to her son, "I slave waxing brick display to see the "*mm my floors, and then you have to colors, textures and concome in and walk on them."Until structionYour home possibilitiesor building. for

Peter Pan teaches us all to fly, every woman will have to be content to have her floors walked upon.

But the next time you wax your You get all these advantages floors, try using a sponge instead of an ordinary rag. You'll find that the when you build with brick:

sponge is easy to handle and light in weight. Just give it a gentle LowCost Installation Versatile Construction

squeeze when you need more wax, rather than constantly pouring the Minimum Maintenance Variety of Colors the cloth. You'll onwax use less wax Permanent Beauty Low Insurance Rates

lessand time this way. What

woman isn't interested in saving both Better Resale Value money and time these days?

Want a slimmer waistline before Utah Fire Clay also has WedgeLock sewer pipe that lasts you buy new clothes this spring? forever and wonderful new Robco Structural Glazed Tile.

You might try doing what one housewife did whenever she waxed her floors. Instead of kneeling down to

do her floors, she would bend from the waist to do them. It sounds Fire Clay Coawkward, and it is, but in three UTAH

(Concluded on page 218) 1mm is mm mm/%m 1078 SOUTH FIRST WEST SALT LAKE CITY 8, UTAH EM 3-2763

APRIL 1960 215 his first general board assignment to be a member of the athletics committee.MIA

He has served as division nine since athletic supervisor 1953, andGeneral Board several years has also for the past he been a member of the allChurch

Appointees seniorHis softballChurch committee.positions have included high councilman, bishop, and

YMMIA superintendent of the Big

Horn (Wyoming) Stake; district

Florence S. Ted Bushman MIA supervisor in the West Central

Jacobsen States Mission. At the time of his

appointment to the general board he was serving as priests'quorum adviser of the Bonneville Ward, Bonneville (Salt Lake City) Stake.

Edmund M. Evans'first assignment with the general board is with

the athletics committee. He is a

former bishop of the Cummings (Salt Lake City) Ward, now living in the East Stratford Ward of the city. He, with his father, were the

heating and plumbing contractors for the Los Angeles Temple. While

Malcolm F. Edmund M. Evans H. Ward McCarty Amanda Brown in California, Elder Evans served

LeSeuer as a counselor in the Westwood

Ward bishopric.

He is a former missionary to Great

Britain. He, too, has been a member of the allChurch priesthood

softball committee and has held numerous other Church assignments.

He has coached several teams in allChurch tournaments.

H. Ward McCarty's first assignment on the general board will be

with the Scout committee. He is

now a member of the Valley View

Second Ward, Valley View (Salt

May Green Davis LaRue SnefE J. Maxine Thomason Jane Thompson Lake City) Stake.

Many of his Church assignments have been filled in the Sunday

The most recent appointees to the Sister Jacobsen is the mother of School, YMMIA, and the priesthood general boards of the Mutual Imthree sons, the eldest now filling a quorums, where he has taught variprovement Associations are: mission in Great Britain. ous classes. He is a former Sunday

Mrs. Florence S. Jacobsen, who Elder Ted Bushman has been reSchool superintendent of the Salt

recently returned from the Eastern appointed to the general board of Lake Seventeenth Ward and the

States Mission where her husband the YMMIA. He served here from Pearl Street Branch in Denver, and

Theodore C. Jacobsen had presided May 1951 to June 1958. His first as a counselor in the mission Sunthe past four years. Her first asassignment this time will be with day School in Oklahoma City. He

signment will be with the Gleaner the MIA Development committee. has served as scoutmaster of various

committee. He returned to the intermountain troops in Salt Lake City and Ogden.

Mrs. Jacobsen served as president region in 1950. Prior to that he Mrs. Amanda Johnson Brown, asof the Eastern States Mission Relief served as a member of the Irvington signed to the drama committee, has

Society, and before her mission, she (Oregon) Ward bishopric, as presiserved for three years as drama was a member of the YWMIA board dent of the high priests'quorum of supervisor in Division 10, and for of the Bonneville (Salt Lake City) Portland (Oregon) Stake, and as a five years previously had been drama

Stake, where she worked in the high councilman of that stake. leader of West Jordan ( Utah ) Stake.

Junior Gleaner department. She is He and his wife, the former She has been active in Church asalso a former counselor in the Dorothy Lyman, are the parents of signments in Arizona and Mexico.

YWMIA presidency of the Yalecrest two sons and a daughter. Her husband is Laurel J. Brown of

Ward. Malcolm F. LeSeuer has received ( Continued on page 254)

216 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Conn brings your church

an 85year-old musical heritage

The Conn Organ is the product of almost a century of musical tradition... made by the

world's largest manufacturer of band and orchestral instruments, specialists in tonal research.

The glorious tone of the Conn comes closest of all to the deep, rich tones of a mighty pipe organ. Every 'Voice"is true... precise

and identifiable.

Modern manufacturing techniques and thorough knowledge of the science of music, make it possible for the Conn Organ Corporation to build magnificent organs of great versatility and tonal contrast, at a reasonable price.

There is a Conn Organ to meet every requirement. Talk to your Conn Organ dealer.

He will be glad to discuss your particular requirements. And he can arrange monthly

payments that are surprisingly low.

If you prefer to write for more information, here is our address: Conn Organ Corporation, Elkhart, Indiana.

ThereCONNis a noticeable difference in a

APRIL I960 217 Shine in Half the Time

(Continued from page 215)

months'time she took an inch off her waistline. She attributed this fact

to her "wax bending exercise"as she called it.

Have you a clean shoe buffer in your house? The next time you wax

your furniture use it. The buffer is

easy to grasp and with a minimum of elbow grease you can bring out the natural beauty of your furniture.

Your dining room table will shine as brightly as the silverware placed upon it.

At a recent wedding reception a little girl was standing clutching a small handful of rice, waiting for her daddy's secretary to leave the hall. After the pretty bride appeared in her finery and the child

had thrown her rice, she turned to her mother, "Is this the day Betty stops working for Daddy and starts working for her husband?""Amen"

her mother fervently replied.

Now I happen to know this little girl's mother doesn't like to clean,

I don't need three guesses... our new Bigelow came! and the one job she especially detests is cleaning her Venetian blinds.

But if she would give her blinds a

Even blindfolded, you can tell the difference! There's nothing quite coat of wax the next time she

like that springy, bouncy, kneedeep-inluxury feeling you washes and dries them, she will find get with beautiful Bigelow Carpets underfoot! And when it comes that they won't need washing as

to lovely colors, patterns and textures, you'll really often as they did.

open your eyes when you see Bigelow's wide, wide assortment! Also every morning when you

Everybody lives better, looks better on Bigelows. straighten up the house, try giving

each Venetian blind a brisk flip of the cord. This will keep the dust

settling from on them, thereby

People who know... buy eliminating cleaning. frequent

rugs carpels since 1825 The next time you buy a new parchment lampshade, give it a thin coat of wax when you get it home.

You will be surprised how much longer it will keep that bright new look.

Take a good look around your house today. If it doesn't look as

u rr treatshiny yourselfbright asto youa canwouldof allpurpose,like it to, selfpolishing wax. With the few BURNED OUT tricks you've learned, see what a

REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY difference it can make in your home.

A fire may mean you are out of a place to live, with tremendous added expense before you find another.

Let us explain your need for ample insurance is It that labor thought only by to cover today's higher values.

it healthy; is only can and be made

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY happy.by thought that labor can be made

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

218 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA byYOU AND B. HUGH

BROWN YOUR MARRIAGE

A BOOK NO HUSBAND OR WIFE CAN EVER

FORGET... AND EVERY BRIDE AND GROOM

WILL ALWAYS REMEMBER!

How to get the most out of marriage—some

things you may be missing. Fact—not fiction!

Danger spots revealed... and how to avoid

the pitfalls.

Drawing upon years of experience as a pracVB ticing attorney, serviceman's coordinator, and;!;Nyy,'marriage consultant, Elder Brown carefully covers

the many aspects of marriage from the educaMA & tional prerequisites thru the ripening years. Here

S7 lv/ are just a few of the fascinating chapters: LDS

concept of marriage, modestyhallmark of a lady, dignifying or debasing sex, maturity—a continuing process, enriching life together, building

a home, children in the home, off the Inlaws—get

boat, finance, soft discipline and hardknocks, the waste of worry, the family—an eternal unit, and

many others.

BOOKCRAFT 4-60 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send copies of "You and Your Marriage"for which I enclose

$ in check ( ) or

money order ( ).

Name

Address

City State APRIL 1960 219 wHV

Strike it rich in summer session! The University of California summer The Church

sessions offer a goldmine of excellent courses for credit in all fields, from a renowned faculty. Sessions at four campuses: Los Angeles and Berkeley Moves On

—with cosmopolitan atmosphere;

Santa Barbara, on the Pacific; and

Davis, near the Sierra Nevada mountains. 6 and 8 week sessions. For a February 1960

rich, rewarding summer write today.

Specify campus in which you are It was announced that LaRue Sneff and J. Maxine Thomason

most interested. Desk E, Office of had been appointed to the general board of the Young

Coordinator of Summer Sessions, Women's Mutual Improvement Association. Jane Thompson

University Hall, Berkeley 4, Calif. had also been reappointed to the general board.

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA Elder Spencer W. Kimball of the Council of the Twelve

delivered an address to the youth of the Church in the current fireside series.

University West Stake, 291st in the roll call of the stakes of DECALS the Church, was organized from portions of University (Salt Lake

City) Stake, with Elder Lemonte Peterson, who was serving as first counselor in University Stake, sustained as president. His

counselors are Elder Merrill J. Wood, who was serving as second

counselor in University Stake, and Elder Boyd C. Bronson. Wards

in the stake are Eleventh, West Eleventh, East Twelfth, West

Twelfth, North Thirteenth, South Thirteenth, and University. President Wilford W. Kirton, Jr., sustained as president of University L.D.S. Stake, the position he held prior to the division. His new counselors

Identify Yourself with the are Elders Oscar W. McConkie, Jr., and Richard L. Warner. The

WORLD'S GREATEST University Stake now consists of University Second, Third, Fourth,

ORGANIZATION Fifth, and Sixth wards. It is composed largely of outof-town

It may help you in times of students attending the University of Utah.

trouble while traveling. It may

be the means of starting a gosThe First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder O.

pel conversation or of meeting Layton Alldredge as president of the South African Misnew worthwhile people. Let sion. He succeeds President Glen G. Fisher. President

fellow members know you are Alldredge filled a mission in South Africa 192730, and returned

L.D.S. there for business purposes in 1935, returning to Utah in 1946. At

the time of this mission call, President Alldredge was president of

For use on autos, boats, planes, the East Mill Creek (Salt Lake City) Stake; prior to that he served

luggage, home windows, etc. as counselor in the stake presidency, and as bishop of East Mill

Size, 4"x 6"Black & Gold Creek Fourth Ward. He is also the current chairman of the

50c each or 3 for $1.00 BrightonWoodland Girls Camp Committee. Mrs. Alldredge and

Order now from intheirSouthfourAfrica.children will accompany him to his Church assignment

Elder Spencer W. Kimball of the Council of the Twelve

DECALS eveningspoke to firesidethe titleseries."Youth and the Car"in the current Sunday

O. Box 807 Yucca Valley, Calif.

(Additional discounts for larger quantities purchased)

220 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA These are the hands that can make you a more confident driver! These are hands you can trust

—for service that goes beyond routine

—for products that give you an extra measure of value.

Along broad highways and hometown streets, thousands of Conoco hands are taking the cares out of motoring. They extend a friendly welcome to you at the sign of the Red Triangle. It's their skill

that makes Conoco the Hottest Brand Going.

Trademark patented by Shell Oil Company.

<8) 1960, Continental Oil Company. Conoco and Carte Blanche Credit Cards are accepted at Conoco stations.

.,\|$m lpp l'ij km *z<.t '-'-\jfc',: ';;!"-. * ':""r'"''SB **wJk

r. v....r.- -.

Today, put your car and your cares in hands and you'll see why CONOCO'S

Conoco is the HOTTEST BRAND GOING!

Motor Oil! Get roundthe-clock protection Gasoline! Supercharge with Conoco Royal Service! Conoco hands are quick to clean your

with Conoco allseason Super. Exclusive Oilwith TCP plus. TCP* boosts power, inheadlights; check tires, battery, water.

Plating actually "plates"a magneticlike creases mileage; oilplating action cuts fricThey're the hands that make you a more

film on engine parts that won't drain down, tion wear. After two tankfuls, feel that powconfident driver; make Conoco the Hottest

even overnight! erful difference! Brand Going!

APRIL 1960 221 For God and Country

by President David O. McKay

I am happy to join in the golden jubilee of the Boy country. To guide aright these eager, active, yearning

Scouts of America, Appropriately, its theme is "For youth is a mighty obligation; to win their confidence

God and Country."is one of the greatest responsibilities and privileges of

Today, as down through the ages, there is little as life.

important as the youth of the nation and the youth of The necessity of giving special emphasis to the the Church. Scouting plays an important part in their spiritual side of scouting is evident when we see what

lives. is happening throughout the world to youth of today.

The moral standard of the future depends upon the As we go forward in spiritual ideals, we would, if ideals of youth today. it were possible, have every Scout feel that religion is

It is said that "the destiny of any nation at any important in his life.

given time depends upon the opinions of its young Scouting is directly or indirectly related to the three men under five and twenty."That being true, to influential forces in the development of youth; namely,

awaken religious ideals in the minds of young people the home, the school, and the church.

is to render the greatest of all good services to our Scouting is particularly a potent influence for good

222 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Editor's Page

in the home. Beaconsfield was right when he felt be worth all the money, all the time, all the effort

that "the best security for civilization is the dwelling put forth in the scouting program.

and that upon properly appointed and becoming Whenever a boy says: "on my honor,"he should

dwellings depends more than anything else the imknow that truly great men esteem their word of honor provement of mankind."Such dwellings are the as the most sacred contract.

nurseries of all domestic virtues, and without becom- A Boy Scout is a man in the making. True virtue

ing homes, the exercise of those virtues is impossible. is possessed by the man who with unwavering integrity

The highest, noblest purpose of all education is to protects the honor and good name of his friends and teach citizenship and noble character. Millions of associates. It is the best within him expressing itself.

youths must be made to sense that a man's character In upholding the good in others he makes better is greater than intellectual attainments or social privihis own soul. He that looks for the good shall find

leges, that "every thought creates character—that every it; and he who protects another's good name makes

act is an incarnation of character; that every decision brighter his own.

is a revelation of character; that habit is a pillar in the But the opposite is true as well. If every man—

edifice of character."every Scout—is the keeper of his brother's good name,

Or, as expressed by Thackeray: he who proves false to his trust weakens his own good

is a mean "Sow a thought, reap an act, character and stains his own soul. There

Sow an act, reap a habit, element in human nature which "feeds fat"upon

Sow a habit, reap a character, seeing weaknesses and faults in others—which secretly

Sow a character, reap an eternal destiny."gloats upon others'failures. The more one yields to

this meanness, the meaner he becomes.

Scouting can indeed aid the schools and the home But looking for the good does not mean being blind and the church in this important work. to the bad. Human nature is full of weaknesses and

The saying that "every idle word that men shall frailties; evils and sin abound everywhere.

speak they shall give an account thereof in the day The spiritual side of scouting should teach that of judgment"becomes a motivating factor in a boy's every man should be the defender of his brother's mind when he realizes that "we are spinning our own good name. Then it would only be one step further

fates, good or evil, and never to be undone. Every to seek the happy state when all would overlook ansmallest stroke of virtue or of vice leaves its everso other's trespass. "Ye ought to forgive one another";

little scar."then "see that you are merciful... deal justly, judge

More important than schools in character building righteously, and do good continually."

are our churches. Cooperating and coordinating with We trust in God that right will prevail, that through

church groups in inculcating moral and spiritual trainthe unified efforts of home, government, schools, soing is a part of the complete organization of the Boy cial clubs, and the Boy Scouts, there will be instilled

Scouts of America. throughout the land that "God who gave us life, gave

The church should make itself responsible for the us liberty"(Thomas Jefferson); that to have joy is

moral guidance of every boy within is membership. to live a life of service. Such was the life of the one

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints does Perfect Man. It ought to be our life. "In him it was

this. We are proud of the part we played in pioneeraccomplished and perfect; but in all created things

ing the Boy Scout movement. We are proud of the it is a lesson learned through difficulty."

part we play in the Scout program today. The Scout Law reads: "A Scout is—Trustworthy,

Every Scout has said: "On my honor I will do my Loyal, Helpful, Friendly, Courteous, Kind, Obedient,

best: to do my duty to God and my country, and Cheerful, Thrifty, Brave, Clean, Reverent."This is

to obey the Scout Law; To help other people at all the Scout Oath: "On my honor I will do my best: to

times; To keep myself physically strong, mentally do my duty to God and my country, and obey the

awake, and morally straight."Scout Law; To help other people at all times; To keep

If we could have the millions of Scouts in the United myself physically strong, mentally awake, and morally

States realize the importance of keeping one's word, straight."The Scout Law and Scout Oath are two

sense sincerely that a promise is more binding, more cornerstones upon which any young man may profitsacred, than a written, signed note, that alone would ably build his life.

APRIL I960 223 Your Question

Answered by Joseph Fielding Smith

JiP President of the Couneil of the Twelve

"In studying the New Testament, I came to two passages written by Paul as follows: Q

"'Let your women keep silence in the churches: for

it is not permitted unto them to speak; but they are

commanded to be under obedience, as also saith the law. "'And if they will learn any thing, let them ask their husbands at home: for it is a shame for women to

speak in the church. (I Cor. 14:3435.)

"7 will therefore that men pray every where, lifting up holy hands, without wrath and doubting.

"'In like manner also, that women adorn themselves in modest apparel, with shamefacedness and sobriety;

not with broided hair, or gold, or pearls, or costly array; "'But (which becometh women professing godliness) with good works.

learn in silence with all subjection. ill *f\ st/% I 111*>"rft&l HIAIiril "ei e u)oman

j > nor to usurp noi to tmch a wman suer in silence. the but to be man,PAULS COUNSEL ON WOMEN authority"Bui over

"'For Adam was first formed, then Eve'"( I Tim.

2:8-13.) SPEAKING IN CHURCHES

Times have changed from what they were in the in the gave that Paul Paul. of The counsel days A

strict in conin his day was of the Church branches formity to the law of the times in which he lived. In

the beginning it was not so. Paul intimates that Eve

was silent because she was created after Adam, but we may read in the Pearl of Great Price that after the consequences brought upon Adam and Eve by the fall, Eve preached the discourse. It is brief but

wonderfully full of meaning and is as follows:

"... Were it not for our transgression we never

should have had seed, and never should have known good and evil, and the joy of our redemption, and

224 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the eternal life which God giveth unto all the obediIn the New Testament we read of a great number ent. 1 of faithful women who sought and gave counsel.

"And Adam and Eve blessed the name of God, and Many of these followed the Lord and ministered to they made all things known unto their sons and their him. Anna, the daughter of Phanuel, was a prophetess 8

daughters."2 (Italics added.) "... which departed not from the temple, but served

We learn from this that Eve as well as Adam reGod with fastings and prayers night and day,"and she ceived revelation and commandment to teach their taught those who were present of the redemption children in the ways of eternal life. Then we learn which should come through this infant son. Even in

that Miriam, the sister of Moses and Aaron, was a the days of Paul there were a number of notable prophetess who played an important part in the exodus women who ministered to the needs of the brethren, from Egypt. She led the women in a triumphal song and it appears that to some of these there had been

after the deliverance from Egypt. a We also read in given authority.

the book of Judges where Israel was taken captive, In the days of Paul, however, it was the universal or into bondage, by the Canaanites. Deborah, another custom that women should play no part in political

prophetess, led the armies of Israel to victory and she government or minister in churches. Israel, without

judged Israel. 4 We also read of Hannah, the mother doubt, gathered some ideas from the gentile governof Samuel, who went to the Lord in the temple, or ments with which they came in contact. The Jewish

tabernacle, and prayed for a son and the Lord hearkpeople, after the return from the captivity, adopted ened to her pleading. 5 In the book of Judges we also some of the customs and practices common among

read of the wife of Manoah who received a visitation their captors which were contrary to the former govfrom an angel who gave instruction and said she ernment in Israel. Many manmade rituals and techshould have a son who would judge Israel. This nicalities were added to the law. The custom that

manifestation was repeated in the presence of her women should remain silent may have been borrowed husband. 6 from their pagan neighbors with such additions as

Joel also prophesied that in the last days the Lord the Jewish priests added to the Jewish law.

would pour out his spirit in the following words: 7 It is recorded in some of the encyclopedias that Paul

"And it shall come to pass afterward, that I will pour based his thinking upon certain Jewish traditions and out my spirit upon all flesh; and your sons and your customs that had accumulated through the years.

daughters shall prophesy, your old men shall dream It was an ordinance that women were not permitted dreams, your young men shall see visions: to teach, even to ask questions in any of their assem-

"And also upon the servants and upon the handblies. According to Clarke's Commentary, the rabbis

maids in those days will I pour out my spirit."taught that "a woman should do nothing but the use

'Moses 5:11. of her staff,"and Rabbi Eliezer is credited with the

5:12. -Moses 15:20. statement that it would be better, "to let the words "Exodus

4:4, 'Judges 24; 5:1-3. [records] of the law be (Continued on page 287) 5I 1:1128. Samuel

"Judges 13:2-21.

Joel 2:2829. 8Luke 2:36, 37.

APRIL I960 225 FIFTY YEARS

IN AMERICA

by D. L. Roberts

Director Mormon Relationships Service

National Council, Boy Scouts of America

MEN WANTED MANFOG-LONDON SCOUT

Men wanted! Real men! Men who have qualities "It is of great significance that the incident that

of honor, integrity, initiative, resourcefulness, mental caused Scouting to be organized nationally in the alertness, physical fitness, loyalty, selfconfidence, United States was the actual performance of a good selfreliance—such was the deep desire of a British turn by an unknown London Scout. On a foggy night

army officer, Colonel Robert S. S. BadenPowell (later in the fall of 1909, when a man was seeking a difficult

Lord BadenPowell of Gilwell). If he were to get address in old London, a lad approached him, saluted,

them, he learned that he must train them himself, and asked if he might be of aid. The man accepted

which he did, and the idea led to the great worldhis services and upon reaching his destination, offered wide scouting movement. the boy a shilling.

He found some of the men who were sent out to "The boy courteously refused the money, saying, him from the large cities of the British Isles lacking 'No thank you, sir; I am a Scout, and a Scout never

in such fundamental values as dependability, initiative accepts tips for being helpful.'

and resourcefulness, selfreliance and cooperation. "This man was William D. Boyce, a Chicago pubThey had been denied the experiences of pioneering, lisher. He inquired what the boy meant. The boy

of doing simple chores. They did not know woodexpressed astonishment that anyone did not know

craft. They did not know how to make and keep of BadenPowell's Boy Scouts and asked permission

themselves physically fit. to take him to the headquarters of the British Boy

"He had discovered, during many years of experiScouts. After Boyce finished his errand, the Scout

ence, that the formal routine of military training was escorted him there. What he learned of Scouting

not effective in the development of these qualities impressed Boyce so much that he secured and brought of character, so he set himself to the task of building with him to America a trunkful of literature on the a program which would be more effective. subject, as well as uniforms, badges, and insignia, and

"At the time of his dramatic experience in the siege proceeded to take steps for the incorporation of the of Mafeking during the Boer War, his material was Boy Scout's of America, which was effected on Februpublished in book form under the title of Aids to ary 8, 1910."

Scouting. "In 1903, when he returned to England, he was to ORGANIZATION find that the program material in Aids to Scouting A national committee, representing many organizawhich he developed for men, was being used by tions engaged in boys'work, met to effect the organleaders in various boys'groups. He saw a challenge ization of the Boy Scouts of America. Mr. Colin H.

in this and assembled a library of books related to Livingstone was elected national president. A strong

boys'programs and boys'activities throughout the national executive board was elected.

ages and from all parts of the world. On January 2, 1911, a young lawyer of Washington,

"In August 1907, BadenPowell operated the first D. C, who had been the motivating force in the first

Boy Scout Troop with twenty Scouts and himself as White House Conference on Youth, became the first

Scoutmaster at a camp on Brownsea Island, off the Chief Scout Executive of the Boy Scouts of America.

coast of England. Thus, scouting was born."He agreed to accept the responsibility for a period

226 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of six months, during which time he assumed he could America including Cubs, Scouts, and Explorers, is whip an organization into shape and give the move94,957. During the fifty years 33,500,000 young

ment a good start. The six months extended itself Americans have said, "On My Honor I Will Do My

to thirtytwo years of service as the Executive Officer Best."The impact of these simple words on so many

of the Boy Scouts of America. He was Dr. James E. young Americans has been immeasurable, as it has

West, who in the early days of his life lost both mother been on the youth of other countries.

and father, and who went through most of his life with a serious physical handicap. CUB SCOUTING

THE PROGRAMWORKING IT OUT characterBelievingbuildingthat a programas a purposeof nationalto be scopehelpfulwithto

The essence of scouting then, as it must be today, vounger bovs, the Bov Scouts of America made an is essentially an outdoor program providing the thrillextensive study of this possibility. This resulted in

ing adventure and romance of camping, hiking, exworking out, after consultation with many organizaploring, with an avowed purpose of producing real tions, including the Primary Association of the L.D.S.

men of character trained for citizenship. Church, the Cub Scout program. On August 1, 1929,

Ideals were important. What should be the guidethe first Cub Packs were organized to test the new

posts? Young Jimmy West, as he was known, called program. The program was made available in 1933

on some of the best minds of the country to help to all Boy Scout councils. The essential of this Cub

shape this part of the program. They finally agreed Scout program is that it is geared to the boy and his

upon a fiftythree words statement known as the Scout family. It is geared to home and family operation.

Oath, which included the twelve points of the Scout Mothers and fathers engage in it, as do their sons.

Law.

EXPLORING GROWTHGROWTH-GROWTH Many. observations were made through the twenties

At the beginning of the 50th anniversary year the that, as Boy Scouts grew to the "young man"stage actual registered membership of the Boy Scouts of of life, they severed connections with scouting. Many

its officers, and added further recognition to its high purpose. The charter also protected its name, badges,

uniforms, etc.

CAMPING From the first, scouting has meant adventure through hiking, camping, and cruising. This part of scouting

has been its most distinctive feature over the years.

It has been the feature, more than anything else, that has led boys into membership in scouting.

During fifty years there has been a tremendous persons thought there was a need of a specialized development in the camping program. As the native

program for these young men. Sea Scouts had and natural campsites became fewer in thickly popubeen organized during the twenties and had an aplated areas, local councils, acting wisely and with

peal to some young men. Most of them found interest foresight, acquired suitable campsites where boys

in other directions, however. could still enjoy the great camping adventure. At

In 1935 the national council changed the Sea Scout the end of fifty years there were 829 Scout camps

Service to the Senior Scouting Service and made it owned and operated in America, covering approxipossible for a Boy Scout to become a Senior Scout, mately 554,800 acres.

a Sea Scout, or an Explorer Scout. The Explorer

program has now been thoroughly established as a JAMBOREES part of scouting in America. An outgrowth of the camping program has been

Thus, the original Boy Scout program developed the great National and International Jamborees. These

into three program sections: Cub Scouting for boys are huge gatherings of boys from various sections of

eight, nine, and ten; Boy Scouting for boys eleven, the country or the world who camp for a week or

twelve, and thirteen; and Exploring for boys fourteen, ten days exchanging ideas, building friendships and

fifteen, sixteen, and seventeen. fellowship.

The first International Jamboree was held in 1920

EXTENDED ORGANIZATION in London, England, with 18,000 attending from

As the program of scouting itself has been extended, twentyseven countries. Three hundred and fiftysix

since 1910, to more and more American boys, there Scouts came from the United States. The largest

was need for extended organization and adminisJamboree included 50,000 Scouts from seventythree trative channels to service the program, through local countries held in Birkenhead, England, in 1929; 1300

councils with definite geographical boundaries. There were from the United States. The latest was in the

have been organized about 540 local councils in the Philippine Islands in 1959 with 12,000 attending, 300 country, officered by leading citizens of the councils'from the United States.

areas. The officers and executive board of the Other International Jamborees have been held in

council are elected and are the administrative body. Copenhagen, Denmark; Godollo, Hungary; VogelenEach council has hired an executive staff to be rezang, Netherlands; Moisson, France; Bad Ischl, Austria;

sponsible for administrative policies, both national Niagaraon-theLake, Canada; and Sutton Park, Warand local. wickshire, England.

Subsequently, the country was divided into twelve The National Jamborees in this country have been regions for administrative purposes. outstanding scouting events. The first was in Washington, D. C, in 1937 with 27,232 attending. The

FEDERAL CHARTER latest was in Valley Forge, Pennsylvania, in 1957 with

As a further means of strengthening scouting in 50,000 attending. As part of the Golden Jubilee Year

America the National Congress in 1916 issued a federal the Fifth National Jamboree will be held July 1960, charter to the Boy Scouts of America. This recogat Colorado Springs, Colorado. Preparations are

nized the worth of scouting as an American institubeing made for 52,200 Scouts and Explorers to camp tion, gave additional status to the organization and there. (Continued on page 269)

228 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Half Century of Service

ual Latterday Saint. He will prove an ornament, as

well as a strength to the Quorum of the Twelve, and will be loved and respected wherever he shall be called to minister. In common with the congregation

at the general conference, we heartily support the changes and appointments of these valiant and devoted servants of the Most High in the positions they have been called to fill by the voice of God and the voice of the people."

Since that time (and before) President Joseph

Fielding Smith's career has been one of broad and faithful service, in the cause for which his grandfather, Hyrum Smith, gave his life as a martyr, beside his beloved brother, the Prophet Joseph, at Carthage,

Illinois, in June 1844.

The books and pamphlets President Smith has written would number more than a score, in addition to innumerable articles.

He has served on r/iany boards and committees, has traveled much in the stakes and much in the missions of the Church, worldwide, counseling, instructing, encouraging, searching the scriptures, interpreting the truth—and in time to become President of the Council

of the Twelve Apostles.

Frequently his brethren are heard to express appreciation for his kindly consideration, and frequently he is heard to express to his brethren his appreciation

President Joseph Fielding Smith for their response to the assignments that he, as the 50 Years an Apostle President of the Council of the Twelve, must make.

Among the greatest joys of his life is his faithful family, five sons and six daughters (one of whom,

At the general conference of the Church in April Lewis, lost his life in World War II). And with his

1910, the call came to Elder Joseph Fielding Smith, children, and their children, to the latest generation, age thirtythree, to fill a vacancy in the Council he has a warm and wonderful relationship. Closely

of the Twelve. It was at that same session that included in this widening circle is his wife, Sister

President Anthon H. Lund became First Counselor to Jessie Evans Smith, who frequently accompanies him

President Joseph F. Smith, and that Elder John Henry on assignments, and adds a warmth of welcome with

Smith became Second Counselor, in the First Presithe songs she sings.

dency. These vacancies resulted from the death of He has served as a missionary, quorum president,

President John R. Winder. and class instructor; Sunday School superintendent,

Of this action, and of Elder Joseph Fielding Smith, editor, writer; M.I.A. stake and general board memPresident Charles W. Penrose, who was then preber; Religion Class board member and member of

siding over the European Mission, wrote as follows superintendency; high council member, temple presiin the Millennial Star: dent, genealogical society president, Church historian,

"Elder Joseph F. Smith, Jr. embodies the numerous university trustee, and member of many Church comqualities, gifts, and graces necessary to the calling of mittees.

an Apostle. He is of a lovable disposition, tractable, He also serves on several business boards.

yet firm, a forcible speaker, a brilliant writer, an He has been a lover of sports, a lover of wholesome experienced missionary, and a born natural and spiritrecreation and physical (Continued on page 284)

APRIL I960 229 FIFTIETH ANNIVERSARY OF BOY SCOUTS OF AMERICA

ON MY HONOR

by Kelvin Wallace Coventry

Have you ever driven 400 miles on a hot, sticky

Fourth of July, dodging traffic, your nerves near the breaking point from all the irritations crowded highways bring? Salesman Harry Stewart has.

He approached the outskirts of West Liberty, Iowa, on our last "StarSpangled"holiday, his eyes glassy with fatigue. Then he saw it—Santa Claus, white

whiskered, red suit—standing in the middle of the

highway. "Merry Christmas!"cautioned Santa. "In case you

become one of Iowa's highway fatalities before December 25th."

Explorer Scouts, dressed in crisp, neat uniforms, passed out pink leaflets warning "Slow Down and

Live!"Harry Stewart did no more driving that day. He

pulled off the highway and stayed at a motel. And

he did take time to drop a thank you note to the local Boy Scout Council, sponsors of the safety campaign.

"I guess you saved my life last night,"he wrote.

"Who knows what might have happened if I had tried to drive a few more miles?"

Another victory for the Boy Scouts. Another merit

badge earned for an organization which has ingrained "For God and Country"in the lives of 33,500,000

Americans since it was founded fifty years ago,

February 8, 1910.

How did the American version of scouting start?

It was all Lord BadenPowell's idea in the first place.

From his initials, "B.P.,"came the Scout slogan, "Be

Prepared."But it was an unknown English Scout and

an American biggame hunter who were responsible world, living in harmony in a huge tent city for a few for the transplant. days. Hundreds of white triangles of canvas mush-

"I'm lost,"William Boyce admitted to himself as room like clouds across a valley floor. This is home

he struggled around in circles in a smothering London to the boys.

fog at the turn of the century. He had stalked aniWith ingenuity, they dapple their encampments

mals in the jungle—but the fog baffled him. with multicolored flags. They fence them in with

Then a small shadow came towards him. Perhaps boybuilt stockades. They erect picture signs so that

it was some ruffian waiting in ambush to empty his foreignspeaking Scouts will know where things like pockets. But it wasn't; it was a small boy dressed in the phone, newspaper, library, "chow hall,"and arena

a trim uniform. are located.

The boy saluted smartly and asked, "Sir, may I be There's always a winning smile and a warm handof service to you?"clasp at a jamboree. Bridges of understanding are

Like a Seeing Eye dog, the boy led Mr. Boyce to erected that many a diplomat in striped pants and top

safety. "Here's a shilling for your trouble,"said the hat would do well to copy.

prominent Chicago publisher. The boys know how to cook their own meals, to

The boy promptly saluted and startled Mr. Boyce kindle fires without matches, to perform lifesaving

with, "Sir, I am a Scout. A Scout does not accept and firstaid skills. They know how to notch log

tips for doing good turns."cabins together. Many have "green thumbs"—real

William Boyce had never heard of BadenPowell's aptitude for garden work.

Scouts, but the boy's courtesy left a lasting impression. Visitors to jamborees are always impressed by the

Boyce learned so much about scouting that he brought wholesome way of life shown by the Scouts. "This

the idea to the United States. shows you how many juveniles aren't delinquent..."

The name of that British Scout is still unknown you'll hear them say.

today, but all of us know what happened to the idea. Scouts put in millions of volunteer hours every year

Five million boys and adult leaders are still engaged working to put across the water and traffic safety in this redblooded way of life that is leaving its mark campaigns, for the United Fund, cancer research, on the world. Christmas seals, and dozens of other worthwhile

What makes a Scout what he is—cleanminded, programs.

patriotic, religious? A jamboree is the "show window "He saved my boy's life!"a thankful mother told a

of scouting."Let's visit one and see this khakied army reporter in the suburbs of Buffalo, New York. "Little

in action. Tommy put a tourniquet on his wrist and kept him

Just think of fifty thousand boys, from all over the from bleeding to death."(Concluded on page 264)

APRIL I960 231 The Bravest Man

Conclusion

by Deone R. Sutherland

The entire company reflected Maud's relief and who knew how to deal with Indians, and had their change of attitude. A weight had indeed been lifted confidence, normal interests returned. The merchants

from the company. They agreed completely to do looked to their goods and talked of certain markets

as Hamblin suggested in all things. Around their and prospects of California.

fires at night they began to talk of reaching California Now the stars did not seem so formidable to Maud, as if they really expected to complete their journey. and if her exhaustion had not been so complete, she

With relief that they were in the company of a man would have lingered to look at them through the flap of the wagon instead of falling into immediate and deep sleep. Amy, too, seemed to have returned

to her bright and happy self, and she willingly helped her mother in the constant tidying of the wagon.

Everything that was used must be securely and safely stored and fastened away for each day's journey.

The company had traveled about sixty miles towards Muddy Creek when an Indian joined the company. Since it was almost time to camp, Hamblin

called the company to a halt to learn what information the Indian had brought him. Again Maud

watched Hamblin sit and talk with the Indian as if he might have been talking to any man in the company.

How patiently Hamblin listened to the Indian who emphasized his message with stiff but excited gestures!

The men in the company went about their work uneasily, keeping an eye on Hamblin and the Indian.

Something was in the air they were sure. And if an

Indian came hunting Hamblin out here in the wilderness, it must concern them.

Maud measured out their evening meal with a sinking heart. Hamblin had indicated nothing that

would worry the company, but the men demanded to know what the Indian had told him so excitedly.

They had observed him nodding his head passionately in response to Hamblin's questions, and while Hamblin didn't indicate that he was worried, the men in the company felt they had a right to know what to expect even though they had placed themselves completely in his hands and had every confidence in him.

Hamblin's low measured voice reached Maud on the edge of the group as the tolling of a bell might indicate an as yet unknown disaster. The Moapat

Indian had indeed given him information. "Indians

at Muddy Creek are preparing to attack this company."

Hamblin outlined his plan to the group. He would

leave at dawn the following morning and arrive at the crossing of the Muddy about two hours in advance of the company. He would talk to the Indians and

persuade them to let the company pass in peace.

The uncertainty was not over then, but Maud's fears were not as they had once been. Jacob Hamblin's

assurance and peaceful certainty that all would be well reflected on all the company. They would do

exactly as he directed. (Continued on page 266)

Maud whirled... the Indian had

pulled Amij from the wagon.

Kayaks Shaded portion of map shows area covered in this installment. down the Nile

PART VI We stood in awe before one of Egypt's by John M. Goddard antiquities,most magnificentthe cliff

temple of Rameses II.

We were made welcome at Kodok by the wife of Game disappeared with the encroaching desert, the District Commissioner, who told us that her husbut was more than made up for by the marvelous band was away investigating a clash between members variety and profusion of bird life we observed on the of the Shilluk and Dinka tribes—precipitated when wing and along the reedy banks. Orange billed water

some Shilluk natives surprised two Dinka boys in the skimmers scooped up minnows without pausing as act of rustling several head of their cattle. The former they streaked over the river. Baldpated marabou

organized a punitive expedition and marched to the storks, five feet tall, strutted like pompous old men, wouldbe thieves'village where they found every as pipers and snipe squabbled around them. Africa's

ablebodied warrior armed and ready to defend their most exotic fowl, the magnificent crested crane was erring tribesmen. In the ensuing skirmish twenty- a common but ever captivating sight as was the

two Dinkas and four Shilluks were killed. Intertribal regal white ibis. Great flocks of teal and Egyptian

warfare was once common in the Sudan, but in recent geese darkened the sand bars, while overhead soared years the government has been effective in curbing the spaceloving osprey.

internecine strife. There are still occasional localized The vexatious wind always abated at sundown of

conflicts, but for the most part the natives work off each day, so frequently we continued paddling after aggressive energies in their exhausting dances. dark, stroking off the miles in good time on the placid

Over the entire 508mile expanse between Malakal river. Our last encounter with the hippos was at Er

and Khartoum, the Nile's level drops a mere thirty Renk, then we saw no more of them during the rest feet. Thus with no current and with wind plaguing of the expedition. Crocodiles though were a common

us daily, it took a month of sweaty paddling to reach sight all the way to the Egyptian frontier. Too weary

Khartoum, the cosmopolitan capital of the Sudan. As to continue, we used the campfires of Sudanese fisherwe slowly progressed northward, the landscape and men as homing beacons to guide us to a haven of

people underwent prominent changes. The climate refuge where unfailingly we found a hospitable welbecame hotter, drier, and the country more desertlike. come awaiting us. Failing to locate a fish camp, we

We gradually left the Black Sudan behind with its would retire to our sleeping bags along the bank, 2,500,000 primitive but selfsufficient Negroid citizens, dreaming of a beautyrest mattress and a Swedish and entered the precincts of the Sudanese Mohammedmassage; then at dawn arise with creaks and groans

ans. We saw the last villages of Nilotes at Er Renk, to begin another long day of slaving at our single

where we rubbed shoulders with lanky Dinkas, as we doublebladed paddles—down and stroke with the

purchased rice and eggs from bearded Arab merchants, left hand, up and push with the right, like a drunk many of whom had Dinka wives. The transition was trying to shadow box.

complete at El Jebelein, the first Arab town we had The 1500 foot, nine span railway bridge we passed yet seen, a small but thriving community of adobe under near Kosti was the first one we had seen since shops and crowds of darkskinned people dressed leaving Ripon Falls, over 1900 miles away. The railin turbans and galabeahs. way makes Kosti, a (Continued on page 250)

234 THE IMPROVEMENT EKA APRIL 1960 235

The Foretold

236 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "But their minds were blinded: for until this day in the Greek version of the Old Testament current

remaineth the same vail untaken away in the reading in the time of Christ.

of the old testament; which vail is done away in The Hebrew form Jeshua differs little, indeed only

Christ."(II Cor. 3:14.) by one letter added at the end from the abstract noun

jeshuah, which is derived from the same ancient root.

One of the primary, startling, and distinguishing In common usage the two words were understood to characteristics of the Book of Mormon, often assailed be of the same import. In some notable instances

by its critics, is its use of the proper name Jesus as translators have even added the final letter h to the applied to the expected Messiah, many years before full name, rendering it as Jehoshuah or Jeshuah?

his birth. 1 When the name of the ancient Joshua is mentioned

The historian Nephi stated in the early pages of the in the New Testament, it is found written in the form

Book of Mormon upon authority of "the words of the Jesus. 10

prophets"as well as revelation, that the name of the After his resurrection, the Savior, finding two of his

Messiah would be Jesus Christ. This announcement disciples puzzled and uncomprehending, began "at

preceded the birth of Christ by more than five cenMoses and all the prophets"11 and explained to them, turies. 2 It invokes inquiry into its credibility, and as they walked along the road to Emmaeus in all the

provokes a search of the words of the prophets, as scriptures concerning himself. 12 It is to be expected

well as Jewish and Christian traditions to determine that if such explanations included his foretold proper whether or not, among the things "hidden from the name, some tradition showing that the very name of wise and prudent"3 the name of the Messiah is shown Jesus was known before his birth, should yet be found.

to be Jesus. Search reveals that this is true in fact.

There can be no doubt that the name Jesus is the The Apostle Peter is credited, in the Preaching,13

English rendition of the Greek form of the Hebrew with the declaration that the name was shown forth name Joshua. This was the name borne by the illusboth plainly and obscurely:

trious successor of Moses who brought Israel into "But we turned to the books of the prophets which the promised land* and also of that priest celebrated we had, which partly through parables, partly through in the annals of the return of Israel from captivity in riddles, partly reliably and literally, name Jesus

Babylon. 5 The full form of the name is Jehoshua. 6 Christ."

It is often written in variant forms as Jehoshuah, The quotation is taken from the Stromata of ClemJeshuah, and the contractions Joshua or Jeshua, all ent of Alexandria. 14

being one and the same word. When the name was Justin Martyr, a Samaritan, following the example

carried over into English, the ordinary Greek terminaof Jesus, began at Moses, in an effort to enlighten tion added in translation made it Jesus. 7 Trypho the Jew, and said: 15

The original name of the first Joshua was Oshea, s "Moreover, in the Book of Exodus we have also and with prophetic significance, this name was perceived that the name of God Himself, which He changed by Moses to Jehoshua. The change had the says was not revealed to Abraham or to Jacob, was

effect of converting the meaning of the name from Jesus, and was declared mysteriously through Moses.

saving to Jehovah is Salvation. In later times Jehoshua Thus it is written: 'And the Lord spake to Moses,

was called Joshua or Jeshua, whence came the Greek Say to this people, Behold, I send my angel before form Jesous (Jesus in English) which is always used thy face to keep thee in the way, to bring thee into

Jesusname of by Ariel L. Crowley, D. D.

APRIL 1960 237 the land which I have prepared for thee. Give heed captivity, Justin brought to bear the same foreshadowto him, and obey him; do not disobey him; for he will ing of the name of Jesus, saying: 18

not draw back from you; for my name is in him.'Now "But now I say, that as scripture said that the son

understand that he who led vourJ fathers into the land of Nun, by the name Jesus (Joshua) wrought poweris called by this name Jesas and at first was called ful works and exploits which proclaimed beforehand

Auses (Oshea). For if you shall understand this, you what would be performed by our Lord; so I proceed

shall likewise perceive that the name of Him who now to show that the revelation made among your said to Moses 'for my name is in him'was Jesus."people in Babylon in the days of Jesus (Joshua) the

Trypho was impressed with this position, and he priest, was an announcement of the things to be acreplied: complished by our Priest, who is God and Christ, the

"Be assured that all our nation awaits for Christ, Son of God the Father of All."

and we admit that all the scriptures which you have In detailing the circumstances he adds:

quoted refer to him. Moreover, I do also admit that "For just as that Jesus (i. e., Joshua the Priest,

the name of Jesus, by which the son of Nun was called, Zech. 3:1-9) called by the prophet a priest, evidently

has inclined me very strongly to accept this view."had on filthy garments * * * even so we, who through

The discussion continued, and Justin said: 16 the name of Jesus have believed as one man in God,

"What I mean is this: Jesus (Joshua), as I have now the maker of all, have been stripped, through the

frequently remarked, who was called Oshea, when name of his firstbegotten Son, of the filthy garments, he was sent to spy out the land of Canaan, was named i.e., of our sins;"an enlargement upon the prototype

by Moses Jesus (Joshua). Why he did this you of the first Joshua.

neither ask, nor are at a loss Like Justin, Tertullian, the about it, nor make strict Carthaginian, in his answer inquiries. Therefore Christ to the Jews, forcefully ashas escaped your notice; and ita serted the revelation of the

though you read, you undername of Jesus long before stand not, and even now, <IHhI his birth: 19

though you hear that Jesus "In the course of the apis our Christ, you consider pointing of a successor to not that the name was beMoses, Oshea the son of stowed upon him not purNun is certainly transferred poselessly nor by chance. from his pristine name, and

But you make a theological begins to be called Jesus.

discussion as to why one 'a'Certainly, you say. This we

was added to Abraham's first name; and as to why one assert first to have been a figure of the future. For

T was added to Sarah's name, you use similar highbecause Jesus Christ was to introduce the second sounding disputations. But why do you not similarly people (which is composed of us nations, lingering

investigate the reason why the name of Oshea the son deserted in the world aforetime) into the land of of Nun, which his father gave him, was changed to promise 'flowing with milk and honey'(that is, into

Jesus (Joshua)? But since not only was his name the possession of eternal life, than which nought is

altered, but he was appointed successor to Moses, sweeter) *** therefore the man who was being prebeing the only one of his contemporaries who came pared to act as image of this sacrament was inauguout of Egypt, he led the surviving people into the rated under the figure of the Lord's name, even so as

Holy Land, and he distributed it by lot to those who to be named Jesus. *** Thus, too, was the son of Nun

entered along with him, so also Jesus the Christ will called Joshua, on account of the future mystery of turn again the dispersion of the people, and will dishis name: for that name He who spoke with Moses

tribute good land to each one, though not in the same confirmed as His own, which Himself had conferred manner. For the former gave them a temporary inon him, because 'He had bidden him thenceforth be

heritance, seeing he was neither Christ, who is God, called not "angel,"nor "Oshea,"but "Joshua."Thus

nor the Son of God; but the latter, after the holy therefore, each name is appropriate to the Christ of

resurrection, shall give us eternal possession."God—that he should be called Jesus, as well as Christ."

Through the rest of the debate, Justin returned to In his summation, Tertullian adduces also the name this theme repeatedly, insisting upon it as a thing of Jesus as foreseen in Zechariah, saying in part: 20

established. 17 "So, too, in Zechariah, in His own person, nay in the

Turning to the later Joshua, he of the Babylonish very mystery of His name, withal, the most true Priest

238 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

of the Father, His own Christ, is delineated in a twoconcerning Jesus the son of Nave, who was the sucfold garb with reference to the two advents. *** Nor cessor of Moses, or concerning Jesus the High Priest,

will you be able to say that the man there depicted is son of Josedech; to whom none of these things which

the son of Josadak, who was never clad at all in a the prophet related was suited. For they were never

sordid garment, nor ever deprived of the sacerdotal clothed in filthy garments, since one of them was a function. But the Jesus there alluded to is Christ, most powerful prince, and the other high priest; or

the Priest of God the Most High Father."suffered any adversity, so that they should be regarded

By way of close parallelism, it is not improper here as a brand plucked from the fire: nor did they ever

to note the play made upon the name of the first stand in the presence of God and the angels; nor did

Joshua in Ecclesiasticus: 21 the prophet speak of the past so much as the future.

"Jesus the son of Nave, was valiant in the wars and He spoke, therefore, of Jesus, the Son of God, to was the successor of Moses in prophecies, who, acshow that He would first come in humility and in cording to his name, was made great for the saving of the flesh."

the elect of God."Aside from the passage quoted, by which it is

This is precisely the same play upon the name as demonstrated that in the centuries immediately folmade in the annunciation to Mary: 22 lowing the earth life of the Savior, it was understood

"Thou shall call his name Jesus [Joshua] for he shall that the name of Jesus Christ had been foretold censave his people from their sins."turies before his birth, there is most persuasive eviThe African Lactantius, tutor to the household of dence in the numerous instances in the Old Testament

Constantine the Great, years after the time of Justin in which the word jeshuah, meaning salvation, is perand Tertullian, recognized the same foreknowledge sonified to represent the expected Messiah.

of the name of Jesus 23 Very possibly this play on words, which carries "David, in the 109th Psalm teaches the same, saying: clear through the prophets, originated in the sub-

'Before the morning star I begat thee. The Lord stitution of the prophetic statement, "Jehovah is Salhath sworn and will not repent; Thou art a priest vation"for the name given to Oshea the son of Nun

forever after the order of Melchizedec.'Also in the by his father. To make the point clear, it is necessary

first Book of Kings: 'And I will raise me up a faithful to use the Hebrew words involved. The name

priest, who shall do all the things that are in mine Jehovah, just like the name Jesus, is a derivative form heart; and I will build him a sure house; and he shall used in English. In Hebrew the name given to Oshea

walk in my sight all his days.'But who this was about by Moses was Yahveh is yeshuah. The actual form of

to be, to whom God promised an everlasting priestthe name, closecropped, is Jehoshua. Carried over

hood, Zechariah most plainly teaches, even mentioninto its English equivalents, the name given to Oshea ing his name: 'And the Lord God showed me Jesus, is: Jehovah is Jesus, since the difference of one letter

the Great Priest, standing before the face of the between Jeshuah, meaning salvation, and Jeshua (the

Angel of the Lord, and the adversary was standing shortened name of Jehoshua ) was consistently ignored, at His right hand to resist Him.'in often repeated plays on the name of the Messiah.

Lactantius explains the failure of the Jews to under- A most perfect and touching illustration of this stand this passage, adding: principle of personification of salvation in the person

"But they were again misled and deceived in the of the Savior is found in the New Testament story of same manner, supposing that these things were said the old man Simeon. (Continued on page 257)

TRANSIENT APRIL

by Gladys Hesser Burnham

Transient April's brief and weeping splendor,

Overlaid with golden balm of days,

Is jeweled with rubies, amethyst, and jade,

Or topaz, culled in ancient ways.

Dewwet diamonds sparkling after rain

Enhance the emerald sheen of newmown lawn.

Jeweltones hasten April's running feet

Plunging headlong into summer's dawn.

APRIL I960 239 Alvin Larson's Last PONY EXPRESS RIDE by Leone E. McCune

On the morning of October 10, 1860, young Alvin

Larson was ready to begin his last ride for the Pony

Express, between the valley of the Great Salt Lake and Fort Bridger, Wyoming.

A crowd of men and boys had gathered at the

Salt Lake House on Main Street to see him off, and watch the Pony Rider come in from the west. Their

noisy talk and laughter rose on the sultry morning air. Back of the house half a dozen men and boys

worked in the fields, their voices blended in song—

"Come, come, ye Saints."

Alvin had said goodbye to his father, who had grasped him by the shoulders, smiling encouragingly, "God go with you, son."

"Here comes Toby,"someone yelled. The men

came running from the field to join the crowd, and they all turned as one man to look toward the south.

Clouds of dust rolled toward them. Soon a galloping

horse and rider became visible, and in a few minutes

Toby rode up with mail from all western points between Sacramento, California, and the valley of the

Great Salt Lake.

Amid shouts and cheers of the crowd, Toby, reeking with perspiration and covered with grime, slid from his horse. He grinned wearily at the crowd and

mopped at his face with a dustgrimed handkerchief.

Swiftly the station keepers removed the mochila, with its leather cantinas holding the mail, from the tired horse. They placed the Salt Lake Valley mail

in the cantina reserved for it and fastened the pad-

. there was one place on the trail where

another rider had been ambushed. He

would be extra careful.

lock, then tossed the mochila over the horn of the along the route made the Pony Express the fastest saddle and seat of the saddled fresh horse, standing method for carrying the mail from Saint Joseph, ready and waiting. The leather mochila halfcovered Missouri, the last frontier, to Sacramento, California.

the horse, reaching halfway down the stirrups and There was talk of connecting east and west with over the back. In two minutes Alvin had swung into telegraph lines but no one knew when that would

the saddle. Again shouts and cheers rose above the be. For now the Pony was the swiftest way to carry

clatter of horses'hoofs. the mail.

"Good luck.""Good goin'.""Keep them shootin'Now in the canyon, he watched and listened as he

irons ready."always did, every second of the ride. Trees, boulders,

"See you soon,"Alvin yelled back. And this had little glens off the trail made excellent hiding places

been especially for his father, whose smile had slowly for outlaws or Indians, ever ready to take the white faded as Alvin rode off. Maybe he wouldn't get back man's scalp.

from this last ride, he thought apprehensively. One of Alvin had changed horses at the swing stations

the riders didn't. A prickly feeling ran down his along the trail, and now he was nearing his home

spine, and his eyes darted about suspiciously. What station where he would have a good feed and a good

was the matter with him, getting so jumpy? There sleep. He had traveled all day with only a piece of

was no danger here. bread and meat to eat on the way. A few pieces of

His free hand touched the small Bible in the pocket dried fruit left in the pocket of his trousers helped of his buckskin jacket, the gift each rider received alleviate his thirst. He was ready for both food

from the Russell, Majors, and Waddell organization, and rest.

who put the Pony Express project through. The Now Alvin gave his customary shout to announce

words of the pledge he signed when he became a his approach to the station. He did not hear the

rider ran through his mind. welcoming sounds of the keepers'voices as he drew

"I, Alvin Larson, do hereby swear before the Great near. Instinctively, he knew something was wrong.

and Living God, that during my engagement and He dismounted some distance away and moved cauwhile I am an employee of Russell, Majors, and Wadtiously toward the entrance, senses alert, revolvers dell, I will under no circumstances use profane lanready. Fear laid a cold hand over his heart. Were

guage, that I will drink no intoxicating liquors; that the station keepers murdered and their supplies

I will not quarrel or fight with any other employee stolen, as so many others had been?

of the firm, and that in every respect I will conduct But then he heard the bolts being drawn, and the myself honestly, be faithful to my duties, and so direct two keepers stood in the entrance. They nodded to

all my acts as to win the confidence of my employers. him soberly.

So help me God.""What's up?"Alvin wanted to know.

Adherence to the code was no guarantee that life "Fred,"and Ben's voice shook with emotion, "won't would be spared, but living up to the code was one be carryin'no more mail, for a good spell. He drove

of the greatest safeguards. in here with an arrow in his shoulder."Ben paused

He had been lucky so far. Indian arrows had and wiped the sweat from his brow.

whizzed by him a number of times, but by swinging "We're doin'everything we can possibly do for his body low on its side, he had, with the speed of him."And he said proudly, "He brought the mail

his fine mustang, escaped. Speed was the Pony through all right."

Rider's chief ally. He was never to use his revolvers They were all silent a few moments. Then the

unless forced to do so. older man, Ben, laid a kindly hand on Alvin's arm, "So,

Now he pressed his knees against the horse. He boy, the mail is your job to the next station. We'll

must make good time here, at least twentyfive miles have to do all we can for Fred."He walked over to

an hour, before he reached the steep rocky, zigzagging the open fireplace and the kettles there.

mountain trails that would slow him to ten miles and "A good feed is ready fer ye, boy, come and git it."

less, much less if the weather was bad. Changing As Alvin dished up beans and ham from the steamhorses every fifteen to twentyfive miles at the stations ing kettle, Ben said, (Continued on page 260)

APRIL I960 241 When your child is asked to give a short talk in public, you will have the opportunity to assist him to develop the confidence and ability he needs to become ultimately a good public speaker. His future

will be brighter if he learns to think clearly and to communicate his ideas in a manner which is interesting and understandable. It is therefore important

that you help by becoming actively involved in the preparation. Success lies in establishing appropriate

T\ j goals and in using effective teaching methods. Conskilled guidance will be needed if you assist siderable

to: child /rX FPYL tS * your

1. Speak in a natural and confident manner while

looking at his audience.

2. Use his own vocabulary.Teach Your Child

3. Understand the message he is trying to put

across. 4. Entertain his audience and also leave them better to Speak informed.

5. Enjoy the experience and be enthusiastic about

giving another talk in the future.

by LeGrande Magleby Your First Reaction Must Be Positive

One important factor in the success or failure of your child's first attempt at public speaking is the way he feels about the experience. His feelings will

be directly related to the reactions of the most significant persons in his life, his parents. When he

bursts into the room and excitedly announces, "I am to give a short talk next week!"he will be looking to

them for the answers to many questions, including the following:

jg3& /Cfe,

Stories illustrating religious ideals may be found in the personal experiences of ancestors.

1. Will his parents help? ested and enthusiastic about telling his own story but

2. Do they have confidence in his ability to comwill need a demonstration. His parents are just the

plete his assignment? persons to meet this emergency!

3. How will he begin? Some of you may hesitate to tell a simple story as

4. Once started, how will he stop? it may be used in a short talk. You feel that you are

5. Will his friends laugh at him? out of practice, that someone with more experience

6. Will he be so frightened he will forget what to should assume this responsibility, that you don't have

say? the time to look up and simplify suitable material.

7. Where will he get material? This reasoning is in the realm of rationalization, a

8. Should he read the talk? means of avoiding the hard work involved and the

9. Is he expected to use big words and to sound risk of possible failure. If you make the effort, the

impressive? possibilities are good that you will be successful in

10. If his parents are invited, will they be able to helping your child to select a major theme or objeccome? tive for a talk, to develop a short introduction, to

Within minutes after he has made his important relate one or two stories or incidents and to make an announcement your child will know how you feel appropriate ending. The rewards are well worth the

about the assignment and whether or not you intend risk.

to help. Your facial expression and tone of voice

will reveal your true feelings. It is important that Finding Suitable Material

you react immediately in a sincere and positive manStories illustrating religious ideals may be found ner. It may be well for you to indicate your in the personal experiences of your immediate ancooperation by arranging a definite time to begin workcestors. Every child likes to hear about his greating and planning together for organizing the talk, grandparents and will delight in repeating incidents

collecting material, and practising delivery. concerned with their conversion to the Church, their

Your child will have mixed feelings. He will be trip across the ocean, their trek across the plains, and

enthusiastic about learning how to speak in public their experiences in developing a new and exciting and in demonstrating his capabilities. He will have country. Sometimes a child likes to tell of his own

fears of failure. He will wonder if the experience is experiences, to describe places he has visited during

worth the effort. His parents are in the excellent the family vacation, or to relate what happened during

position of being able to provide the encouragement the last trip to grandfather's farm. He will need your

and practical guidance he needs to make the experihelp in deciding how a simple incident may be used ence profitable and interesting. to catch the interest and imagination of the audience

and also to accomplish the informative purposes of

Assist your Child but Don't ''Take Over"his talk.

Just a word of warning. Father, avoid the temptaThe title or subject of the talk may suggest stories

tion to write the lecture you have been wanting to and experiences which are appropriate. Think of one

deliver for the past several months. Your favorite or two stories to demonstrate a principle concerned

message may be founded upon excellent principles, with each of the following:

and you may be able to organize and phrase a talk Be Honest in Dealing with Others which will reflect a keen and welldisciplined mind. How to Make and Keep Friends

But this is neither the time nor the place. Encourage Why GreatGrandfather Joined the Church

your child to give his own ideas in his own way. How the Gospel Has Influenced my Life

Your direction is needed but only to help your child The Value of Prayer to help himself. Honor thy Parents

Be Dependable Take Advantage of Storytelling Keep the Sabbath Day Holy

A child can tell a story. He has been listening to Stories might also be developed from the personal

them for years and is aware of their general form, experiences of Church leaders such as Joseph Smith, the interesting beginning, the action, the element of Brigham Young, Wilford Woodruff, David O. McKay,

surprise, the meaningful ending. He will be interand others. Incidents in (Continued on page 286)

APRIL 1960 243 "And unto one he gave five talents, to another two, and to another one; to every man according to his

several ability;.. "l

What does a teacher bring to the class he is about to teach? First he brings a thorough knowledge of

the subject. This he must have if he is to impart it

to his students. Second, he brings an ability to apply

the principles of teaching and the techniques of teaching which he has learned in his preparing to be- 1< come a teacher. This also is of the utmost importance,

or the students cannot learn.

But there is a third ingredient which turns the science of education into an art and enables students to til assimilate what their instructor has for them, and which lifts the learning situation up and above that (>-i which is ordinary.

This vital quality is the understanding that the teacher has of his students. Every student who comes

to a class brings with him factors from his heritage and environment, Everyone knows that no two individuals are exactly alike with respect to any attribute, whether it be physical, mental, emotional, spiritual, or any other. Bolton in his Everyday Psychology for

Teachers says:

"It is not difficult to discover abundant cases of individual variations. There are the giants and dwarfs,

Matthew 25:15.

Understanding Those

... We Teach

by Paul H. Dunn

Coordinator Southern California Institutes of Religion

Every student who comes to class brings with him factors from his heritage and environment. Everyone

knows that no two individuals are exactly alike with respect to any attribute, whether it he physical, menial, emotional, spiritual or any other.

the tall and the short, the blondes and brunettes, the interest in books, participated in no community activibeautiful and ugly, black and white, good and bad, ties or cultural events. Janet spent her spare time

choleric and phlegmatic, brilliant and stupid, bluewatching TV and reading comic books. She had

eyed and browneyed, and other extremes too numernever seen a legitimate drama or heard a concert. The

ous to chronicle. Between these extremes there are teacher who was unaware of the differences in the

all grades and shades of apparent difference. Bebackgrounds of these two children could easily label

tween these obvious differences there are innumerable Marsha as more intelligent than Janet or even say that variations which are not so apparent and hence thought Janet was stupid, and yet this might not be the case not to exist. Some persons burst forth into song with at all.

the most meager training, while others, with the best These two illustrations are extremes, but the prinmasters, can never carry a tune or discover discord; ciple can apply to any student or group of students

some are ready spellers, while others are hopeless; in any classroom. What the student brings to the

some are born mathematicians, while others are never class has a great influence on his capacity to learn.

able to progress beyond the merest rudiments. One The dedicated teacher will make it part of his job to

child clearly exhibits mechanical genius, while another learn the backgrounds of his students and use this can never learn to put together the simplest contrivinformation in teaching. The teacher who is unaware

ance; one can memorize verbatim with the greatest of individual differences among his students is bound

ease, while another can never repeat a quotation; one to make many mistakes in the teaching process, and

person picks up the pen and, without training, begins in so doing deprive his students of many opportunito produce literature, while another cannot chronicle ties to leam.

accurately the simplest event; one mounts the platform How can the teacher obtain this information? There

and charms the multitude with his eloquence, while are many ways. One of the best and easiest is by

another is made mute in the presence of an audience."2 designing a simple interest questionnaire that will

Since we are all aware of the existence of individual provide the teacher with a varied background on differences, it is necessary that the successful teacher each student. Such questions might include the

must recognize and respond to these differences in his following:

students if he is to hold their interest and obtain the School subjects liked best and least? What in school

participation of the class. troubles you most? Plans after school? Life's ambiMarshall and Joel were both in the same Sunday tion? When you have free time, what do you like

School class. The lesson in their Church history course to do best? Sports you prefer to take part in? Watch?

was on the pioneers. Marshall's parents were third Favorite kind of music? Number of hours watching

generation Mormons whose ancestors had crossed the TV each week? Your favorite programs? Favorite

plains and helped settle Salt Lake Valley. His family radio programs? What kind of stories do you like to

had some old diaries and a Book of Remembrance read? The kinds of magazines and motion pictures

with pictures in it. Joel's mother was a recent convert. you enjoy? Outside work?

His father was a nonmember. A teacher who had an Other ways of obtaining valuable information are

understanding of the background of these boys would through life stories or biographies written in a class avoid embarrassing Joel but would utilize Marshall's period; written compositions on subjects within the

knowledge to the benefit of the entire class. range and experience of students; and the case study

Marsha and Janet were both in the same grade at approach.

school. Marsha's parents were college graduates, These papers will reveal much information about

and took an active interest in reading, cultural arts, the student—his desires, talents, parents, and friends.

current events, and community activities. They took Other things may be revealed which can be helpful

Marsha with them to operas, concerts, art exhibits, to the understanding teacher and which he can later museums, and dramatic productions. They had a use to the advantage of himself, the student, and the

fairly adequate library in their home and subscribed entire class.

to many magazines—Marsha had her own children's A teacher can set up a 3x5 card file, one card for

classics to read. Janet's parents had finished high each student in his class, and jot down pertinent facts

school but had gone to work early. They had no about the student which will enable him to be more

-Bolton, Everyday Psychology for Teachers. understanding. This card ( Continued on page 256

APRIL i960 245 The Breakthrough in Reading

by Evelyn N. Wood "To destroy the Western tradition of independent

thought, it is not necessary to burn the books.

All we need to do is to leave them unread for a generation or two."

—Robert M. Hutchins

If you could read an average size book in half an hour, would you read more books? Responses ranging

from a wishful sigh to angry resentment are evoked by this question. Why can't you read a book in half

an hour? Why must people be content to read at

the old horseand-buggy rates of 200 to 400 words a minute?

Few important things have resisted 20th century progress. Industry has packed a former month's

production into a single day. Highspeed vehicles

246 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA have caused distances to shrink time wise until a refers to the doctor's rapid reading and to his vast former threemonth ocean crossing becomes a daily information on every subject mentioned by his colround-trip routine. Undreamedof strides in audio leagues. John Stuart Mill bemoaned the fact that

and visual communication have added height and he needed as much time to turn pages as to read them.

perspective to our social and cultural advance. Yet Balzac and Jonathan Swift are also recorded as exeducation and thought communication have remained ceptionally fast readers. I was 50 to 100 years too

shackled to the printed page. And the tragic fact late to ask any of them how they did it.

remains that we still take as long to read those pages I watched Dr. C. Lowell Lees, head of the speech

as Grandpa did. department of the University of Utah, read a typed

The professional, the specialist, the educator are term paper as fast as he could turn the 80 pages. He

launched into the field of service by a vocational, could tell what was or was not contained in it. I

a bachelor's, a master's, or a doctor's degree. The saw him answer questions on the content as they

more education each receives, the more he becomes were answered in the paper. I began to wonder if

dependent on books. Even after he receives his final there might be others alive today who could read

diploma, he must continue to read or the very tools as he did. My students and I began a search for

of his profession obsolesce, causing the relative effecsuch people.

tiveness of his service to decline. A relentless flood Information, such as "You should see my neighbor

of books, magazines, and papers pours forth, only whiz down the page,"or "I have a cousin who can to be placed in neat stacks beside his desk. Instead read a book in an evening,"or "I know a boy who

of opening new horizons in his field and bringing new reads directly down the page and can remember ideas, these must be relegated to his "when I get time everything he reads,"began to filter in. I reached

to read it"shelf to gather dust. every person I could find in Salt Lake City, at Columbia

Two hundred to 400 words a minute has been the University during my summer session there, and accepted reading rate for decades. A reading specialothers with whom I came in contact while traveling

ist with a few gadgets may be able to devise ways of to conventions in Colorado, Detroit, and California.

making the eyes race over words at faster speeds. I even saw a man who read 6,000 words a minute on

Dedicated students can double their speeds on fairly the television show, "You Asked for It."

simple material, but still the reading bottleneck re- I timed the speed at which each of these fast readers mains very real. Thousands of this nation's most read. I checked their comprehension and recorded

capable students choose lessrewarding vocations my findings on 5"x 8"cards, noting any unusual readrather than suffer the fatiguing barriers created by ing characteristics together with a careful description necessary reading. Knowledge is just books away. A of how each one read. In about two years I had

breakthrough in reading skills could change the course collected fifty such cards.

of many lives. Such a breakthrough has been achieved. Of significance to me was the variation in occupaBut a new kind of research was required to make it tion as well as possible intellectual attainment of these

possible. fast readers. Doctors, lawyers, sheepherders, students,

Fast reading is not unheard of. History records college professors, housewives, and children were

interesting snatches about famous people who were among this group. Their speeds ranged from 1,000

able to read at exceptionally rapid rates. One of the to 6,000 words a minute. All of them had exceptional

best known of these was Teddy Roosevelt. In addicomprehension. None of them had received special

tion to his timeconsuming obligations as President training in speed reading. All of them enjoyed readof the United States, he was able to read three books ing and had read extensively. None of them knew

a day. Boswell, in his Life of Dr. Samuel Johnson their reading speed, and few could tell how they

APRIL I960 247 had learned to read fast. All of them Anything that encourages and 4. Your eyes dart back—regressmaintained a high speed even on makes possible greater quantities of over the material they have read,

difficult reading material. perceptive reading contributes to the about 11 times on every 100 words.

A comparison of these 50 cards spiritual and intellectual wellbeing On a page of 400 words, your eyes with similar records taken on 600 of the membership of the Church. regress an average of 44 times on

slow readers showed that people We believe that knowledge is power. each page. Some regressions may

who read over 1,500 words a minbe necessary, but habit is responute possess a very different set of Double Your Speed sible for most of them. The same

reading skills. pattern has probably been with you

When prominent educators in the Step I: Determine your present for years.

community had checked my analyses speed. Your awareness of the normal

and conclusions, I didn't stop to A. Select an article in the Era and pattern of fixations and regressions

argue if it were feasible for eyes to read it at your average rate of speed provides the clue for doubling your see as much as I had seen fast for 1 minute. (Have someone time speed. To do so, merely reduce the

readers'eyes see. I didn't stop to you.) number of fixations and iron out the

debate whether it was central or B. Write on a piece of paper a necessary regressions.

peripheral vision or an accumulation brief summary of what you read.

of the two that produced these un- C. After you have written the Step II: Iron out your regressions

heardof results. I didn't stop to summary, count the number of words and reduce your fixations for each

wrangle whether test results could you read and record this number on line.

show the speed or depth of comprethe same sheet. A. Reread the same article.

hension such reading could effect. I If you read 250 words a minute, B. As you read, move your index

was determined to practise on myself you can from left to right directly under and find a way to teach others. 1. Fall asleep. each line of print.

After five years of hard work, 2. Think about other things. C. Let your eyes follow your

my efforts began to bring results. 3. Join in the conversation going finger in one continuous sweep.

The Jordan School District with its on in the room. Example: The polar bear is one

farsighted superintendent, Reed H. 4. Listen to the radio or watch of our cleverest animals. He has

Beckstead, gave support and enTV. learned to keep alive in a climate

couragement that made such a pro- 5. Let your mind wander aimwhere most animals would die. His

gram possible. Principals O. D. lessly. hunger is never satisfied. One of

Ballard and Ralph B. Keeler guarded his...

and cultivated these early efforts If you read 350 words a minute D. As your eyes learn to follow

until they could stand on their own 1. Your eyes see 1% words on one your finger, you have mastered the

feet. The superintendent also made fixation. first step for increasing your speed.

available the testing services of the 2. You spend 23/100ths of a sec- E. Repeat this exercise 5 or 6

Jordan District psychologist, Mr. ond on each fixation. times on the same material. Each

Earl Thurman, who tested and re- 3. You have 7 to 9 fixations for a time increase your speed until you

tested every step. For three years 10 word line. get over the same amount of matethe University of Utah supplied rial in 1/5 the original time. (This

endless numbers of students, many is a practice exercise and is not to of whom had to stand in line for be called reading.)

hours in order to register for the course. Step III: Check your improveThat such an advanced method of ment.

reading should have its inception in A. Begin with a new paragraph

Utah is understandable. Latterday in the same article.

Saints believe that "The glory of B. Read for one minute, using

God is intelligence, or, in other your finger to move your eyes along words, light and truth."(D&C as fast as you can get the thought.

93:36. ) They have been admonished C. Count the number of words

in their scriptures to "seek ye... you read this time. (You should have

words of wisdom; yea, seek ye out increased, perhaps doubled, your

of the best books words of wisdom; original speed.)

seek learning, even by study and If you have trouble following also by faith."(Ibid., 88:118.) They your finger, a piece of red tape or

urge everyone to study and to read a splash of red polish on your nail since "a man is saved no faster than will catch your eye.

he gets knowledge."(Joseph Smith,

Jr., Documentary History of the Next month: "What Do You Know

Church 4:588.) about What You've Read?"

248 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA... It's time forWhen you get that Hollow Feeling

NABISCO Sugar Honey Grahams

Sweet enough... flavored just right for adults'and children's tastes alike. Wonderfully light... won't spoil

appetites. Baked with pure, fresh honey and rich graham flour. Scored so they snap right in half for easy

eating. Wrapped in 3 InEr-Seal wax packets to keep 'em fresh and crisp, national biscuit company

APRIL 1960 249 Kayaks Down the Nile man, a city humming with bustling unveiling ceremony of the imposing activity built of Nile mud and with Sudan Defense Force War Memorial, (Continued from page 235) a population of 128,000 souls, nearly erected to pay tribute to the Sudansun-baked town of 28,000 Sudanese double that of the capital. Here ese soldiers and their British officers

and seventeen British, the most imwe saw the most impressive building who died in World War II. A heartportant commercial center on the in the Sudan, the gleaming Mahdfs felt eulogy was delivered by the

Nile south of Khartoum, connecting tomb, a gobletshaped mausoleum GovernorGeneral Sir Robert Howe, it with the major cities of the Sudan. rebuilt a few years ago by the debefore a large audience flanked by

We were overjoyed to find a large scendants of the religious fanatic 400 husky native troopers.

batch of correspondence upon our who rose to great power during By midafternoon we were on the arrival, the first mail we had rethe 1880's and 90's by proclaiming river again, reluctant to leave the ceived in two months. himself the longawaited Messiah warm hospitality of our new friends,

At Ed Dueim, where the Nile exwhose appearance on earth was but unwilling to lose more of our pands to two and onehalf miles, its prophesied by the Prophet Mohard-won stamina to the constant greatest width, we watched sweating hammed himself just before his entertainments arranged in our honnatives load flat barges with bales death. According to the Mahdi or. Forty miles downstream we

of cotton from the Gezira, the (Mohammed Ahmed), Allah had passed through the remarkable granary of the Sudan, a colossal irsent him on a divine mission to purify Shabluka Gorge, a twelvemile long rigation scheme lying in the triangle chasm bordered by steep, bare hills of land formed by Kosti and Sennar of basalt and granite, where the Nile, at the base and Khartoum at the with a strong current of mysteriously apex. cold water, narrows to one hundred

The Egyptian Resident Engineer, yards. Upon emerging we traversed

Ahmed Helmy, invited us to a A CHECKERED ROAD the mild Sixth Cataract (actually the sumptuous supper at his home near First but so called because geogthe with counted upstreamthe his dam, where we met honored by Caroline Eyring Miner raphers civilization) with of developmentguest, one of Egypt's most important the loveliest of scenery had some officers, wecabinet Ahmed Hamza Bey, fertile seen: date green banks of visitingMinister of Supply, the The old road circled a stagnant pool

Sudan on a factfinding mission. That mirrored a willow tree, palms and gardens watered by

Through the friendly efforts of this And shafts of silver rain shot down Sakias, an oxdriven water wheel influential gentleman, we later Shattering the mirror ruthlessly. system of irrigation in use since

gained permission from his governBeside the road was a patterned the days of Cleopatra, and scores of fence, islets grass luxuriant covered with to paddle the Nilement down through; sun came sifting The fringed with white and and shrubs at timethrough Egypt a when shade, checkerboard of sun and no A beaches. sandyaliens being to travel allowed were

alone because of the hostility of the As I walked along with you. Beyond our narrow river oasis

fellahin towards all foreigners. with its lush banks, stretched the

is gone, tree pool the willow and endless blazing desert, a half The 17th, life and four and one On March sod. Lies moldering prone on the increasingly contrast after dramatic death Nile's leaving themonths

there I walk ever and But yousource, arrived at Khartoum, we the checkered road youth trod. desiccated.as the countryside became more miles feeling a Down downstream,2,275

sense of accomplishment and perWe reprovisioned at Shendi on the haps just a shade of pride in reaching right bank, once the principal comthe halfway mark of our expedition. mercial town in the Sudan, but now

A flotilla of nondescript boats bear- a typical quiet village of cubical ing press reporters and dignitaries, mud dwellings and shops. At

met us at the confluence of the Bahrthe faith and win the world to Islam, Nagaar, thirtyfive miles out on the elAbiad and the Bahrel-Azrek, the but under his brutal dictatorship of scabby desert from Shendi, we visWhite and Blue Niles, then escorted fifteen years, threefourths of his ited our first ancient ruins, three us to a landing in front of the Grand 8,000,000 followers in the Sudan were small Egyptian temples built 2,000

Hotel where we were officially welkilled in battle or died from starvation years ago. We watched as a

comed with an impressive reception and disease. At the battle of Omdurcolorful tribe of Bedouins filled

to the nostalgic strains of the French man on September 2, 1898, his huge their water bags near the antiquities, and American national anthems. army was vanquished by the English driving their bantam donkeys back

We found wonderful repose, and Egyptian troops of Lord Kitchenand forth to bring up the brackish friendship, and refreshment of body er, bringing a bloody end to his reign. brown liquid from the deep well.

and spirit during the ten days we To prevent any posthumous worship Robust, handsome folk they were, lingered at Khartoum. We were kept of the Mahdi, his original tomb was whose austere lives are an unending

on the run from morning till late destroyed, his body cremated, and round of torrid days, chilling nights, at night by the numerous dinners the ashes cast into the Nile by order suffocating sandstorms, and perand excursions arranged in our of Kitchener. petual thirst, where death haunts

honor. The highlight of our Khartoum them at every turn as they migrate

Across the White Nile from Kharholiday came the morning of the with their camels and goats from toum we toured sprawling Omdurtenth day, when we attended the one water hole to another. One of the

250 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA This is the way to relax

... to see the scenery in comfort and luxury... at low cost!

There's no experience like traveling on a Union Here is luxury travel—at regular fares! And

Pacific Domcliner. additional savings are made possible with Union

Pacific's Mondaythru-Thursday Family Fares.

Put yourself in this picture: The moment you step

Enjoy this pleasure soon. Stop in and see your

aboard you begin to relax. You can stretch out in Union Pacific ticket agent. He'll gladly figure the

your Pullman own comfortable or Coach accomcost of whatever trip you have in mind. And he'll

its soft modations... visit the lounge car, with music,

explain the many other advantages of train travel card room, beverages and magazines.—including the Rail Travel Credit Card and Avis

Hungry? You've never tasted better food! And or Hertz Rent-A-Car service.

imagine how much fun it is to enjoy the passing Save your car... save your nerves. Travel the restscenery from the top level of a Dome Car. ful, relaxing way—on a U. P. Domeliner!

Shippers, loo, can relax when their freight is in the hands of Union Pacific's experienced UNION PACIFIC personnel.

... dependable transportation—passenger and freight

For information, reservations or help with your travel plans, see your nearest Union Pacific Railroad ticket agent.

APRIL I960 251 nomads told me that I was the first but to our horror discovered that heeding the advice to bypass the

Americani his people had ever seen. two of our kayaks—Andre's and dangerous white water areas.

We stopped near Kabushiya for mine—had been swept away on the We emerged unscathed from the

a few hours to explore the 2,500year heaving river when the sandy shore boulderstrewn maze of the boisterold ruins of the oncegreat city of upon which they rested was underous Fifth Cataract, but had several

Meroe, capital of the ancient Meroimined by the pounding waves. narrow escapes and ripped holes in

tic kingdom and the home of With the two kayaks and most the bottoms of our boats when we

Candace, the famous queen, who of our equipment swallowed up by shot through a long series of chutes fought the Romans valorously until the river 1700 miles from our goal, just south of Abu Hamid, where the overwhelmed by their armies under it looked as if our expedition were Nile begins its spectacular detour

Petronius in 22 A.D. finished then and there; but after to the south. With no detailed maps

It took three weeks of rigorous five frantic hours of searching, we to assist us, we were ever heading paddling to reach Atbara, the headfound the missing boats intact and into the unknown, never sure what quarters of the Sudan railroad 200 undamaged. We were completely new danger lurked around the next

miles above Khartoum; a wellmystified, however, at finding Anbend.. Once we headed down a

ordered little town with broad dre's craft a half mile upstream, rapid, like on a ski slide, there was treelined streets, lovely gardens, resting on the western bank and no stopping or turning back. We

and attractive residences, where the mine beached a mile downstream swept through at speeds up to twelve last tributary, the Atbara River, on the eastern shore. Two boats knots, twisting and swerving in splitdischarges its murky waters at the parked side by side on the same second decisions to dodge the

murderous masses of granite loomwashed in oppoand blown Nile.easternmost point of the We beach ing site directions in our path. each other! from the holyarrived on Friday, Moslem

day of the week, also observed by The riverscapes of Upper Nubia, The slender dimensions and fourthe small British colony residing lying between Khartoum and the inch draft of our kayaks frequently there, which turned out en masse Egyptian border, reminded me of allowed us passage through tight for a welcoming reception at their the Colorado River country of Utah, channels where a slightly larger clubhouse. Among those present with great knobby masses of colored boat or one with less resilient conwere two of the half dozen Ameristruction than ours would have been

cans I met along the river, young smashed or hung up on the rocks.

women missionaries from the PresBut our open cockpits were so close byterian Mission. to the water that we were deluged

sun, is like the which, Hope as we and nearly whenever swamped we it, casts Our next major stop was Berber, journey toward the shadow turbulence, passed any real through one hundred years ago the largest of our burdens behind us. such as we encountered in the

town on the Upper Nile and a floursteeply falling Fourth Cataract. At

ishing market for ivory. The old the end of the fourmile rapid we

town was completely destroyed by encountered a party of Egyptian the Mahdists in 1885, but rebuilt engineers driving piles into the river their of leader. order secThisby gneiss, basalt porphyry, crowdand for the of foundation a they dam in settlement turnond leveled was Nile. ing the the upon to Where down there. going build were With shells the General from Gordon'sby itself, river the raging rock invaded half our kayaks grounded awash we resultingsteamers, in constructhe cataracts threatformed were which their at pleasand exchanged camption of the third hamlet, present and Thirtyone us with drowning. ened antries over of dishes steaming

is like others,which, the strung out of interthese rapids treacherous kebab, of hospisymbol Moslemfor three miles along Nile the but river spersed miles the over 950 tality.

it.situated a mile from Haifa between and Khartoum Wadi visited ruins Near the Merowe we

A near catastrophe occurred durmade this the most hazardous and of the ancient capital of Ethiopia, ing the night as we lay in our nervewracking stretch of all. TransNapata, whose kings once ruled

sleeping bags on a sand bank near portation between the two cities is Egypt. Here and at Gebel Barkal,

Berber's boat landing. The gentle handled either by air or by the the cakeshaped holy mountain nearnight wind suddenly became blusrailway laid down by Kitchener durby, we found several pyramid tombs

tery and violent, steadily developing his conquest of the Sudan. of the royal house in a near perfect

ing in intensity until by midnight The consensus among the officials state of preservation despite their a howling sandstorm, terror of all at Khartoum had been that the cat- 3,000year-old existence.

desert dwellers, was blasting over aracts, for the most part, were imHeading northward again we us. We were held captive through passable during the lowwater cautiously threaded our way through

the long night by the battering season. The Kaid [chief of a vilthe twisting Third Cataract, westernhabab, curled up in a ball in our lage] had even gone so far as to most reach of the Nile, bracketed by

nylon cocoons, miserable and close warn us, "Don't attempt the rapids, bleak hills of glowing stone. In the

to suffocation as we kicked and lads; you'd never get through them succeeding 150 miles our course

squirmed to keep from being buried alive."During the six endless weeks deviated radically seven times, realive by the seething sand building to follow, we seriously questioned sembling a swastikalike pattern as

up around us. At dawn, when the the wisdom of our decision to stick we proceeded on the capricious

gale abated, we prepared to paddle with our kayaks, feeling at times that river.

downstream to a more sheltered spot we had made a grave mistake in not The Omda (chief) of Geddi, a tiny

252 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Gain a Full Quarter of Studyvillage south of Delgo, escorted us to a fascinating assortment of ancient rock paintings carvings and in the hills overlooking Nile. the The With All the Vacation Extras

petroglyphs varied widely in age and subject, the oldest probably dating back to the time when the northern Sudan and Egypt were forested and inhabited by animals now found only in the south. There

were many crude figures of lion, giraffe, antelope, and buffalo etched into the solid rock millenniums ago.

A day's paddle from Delgo we stopped to visit one of the two gold mines in the Sudan, operated by the only two foreigners living in the entire sunscorched region between

Atbara and Wadi HaifaPaddy Bishop, a lean 28year-old Irishman with a sixmonths'growth of beard, and Oscar Durham, a venerable 70year young Englishman with a distinguished Van Dyke, who, if he had been wearing a frontiersman outfit instead of a beach towel when he met us, would have been the image of

Buffalo Bill. Their operations cenPlan to Attend Summer School

ter around the extraction of gold tailings thefrom ancient of an still quarry,Egyptian which conAt BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY tains considerable amounts of the precious metal due to the crude, MORE SPECIAL FEATURES Distinguished Facultyinefficient method of excavating ore FOR YOU AT BYU Outstanding visiting experts will in Pharaohnic times. With modern INSTITUTES augment resident faculty.

machinery the miners now are able Athletic Clinic for High School Assemblies—Church Authorities,

to recover ninety percent of the reStudents scholars, artists, appear in outmaining metal. Leadership Week

Lectures in Music standing BYU assemblies. Heat and hunger made travel inSpecial

creasingly burdensome as we neared WORKSHOPS Culture—Thrilling concerts by

the Sudanese border. Food had Summer Workshop for Spanish finest artists, in music, drama,

always been a worry, but it became Teachers dance.

Printmaking cruciala in of the land problem

Activities of out-—Full program Commercial Layoutdead sand and rock, the imwhere ings, Art athletics. Advanced Commercial dances, Wasatch

poverished natives were barely able Family Relationships Mountains close for brief trips.

to Teaching Family Marriage for out livelihood a eke and themRe- Annual Hike in July. Timpanogos lationship in the School High soil. visitselves the to poor on Our Full intramural program. The Professional Person and villagea a oncein-a-lifetime was Families

experience for the isolated people, Rural Education Problems Advancement—Outstandbut they would quickly disguise AudioVisual Education ing classes and workshops aid

their amazement at seeing three LanguageSchool Arts in Elementary teachers in refresher work. Other

deeply tanned, heavily bearded Elementary and Secondary students make up lost time. This

foreigners appearing out of noReading will be last summer on quarter

Publications High School system. arrival as ifwhere, our accept and

Utah Economic Workshop a blessing cheerit were Allah from Clinic Music CLIP AND MAIL fully sharing their meager diet of

INTENSIVE COURSES To: Director of School Summer cakes,kiara rice, raub, wheat

University, Brigham Young Provo, Utah in Home Economics goat's(curdled milk), molakhia (a Teaching greasy, spinachlike vegetable), and AdultSecondaryEducationSchoolsin Homemaking catalog.Please send me free of charge your Summer School

dates. Classes in 55 departments

From dawn to dusk, stroking along Name in the of the pale middle green Nile,

FIRST TERM: Address Afrisweltered the savage underwe

can sun, whose searing rays seemed June 13Juiy 15 I am especially interested in the following courses:

to be redoubled in the glaring water

SECOND TERM:

July 18August 19

APRIL 1960 253 and shimmering sand. At times the before one of Egypt's most maglighting the great hypostyle hall

heat seemed to have actual physical nificent antiquities the clifftemple where stand eight more statues of consistency, like a fiery fog. Around of Rameses II, where the greatest, Rameses, each thirty feet tall, and

midday, when the temperature hovlongest reigning (sixtyseven years) illuminating the four small stone ered around 125 degrees in the shade, and most vainglorious of all Egypidols in the sacred sanctuary itself it was painful even to breathe. We tian rulers is immortalized in an back 180 feet in the heart of the

could do with very little food, but incomparable portraiture of yellow rock. At night we lit phosphorous

water was our indispensable fuel. sandstone. Here Rameses, most flares and inspected the fifteen side

Because of the prodigious quantities famous of twelve kings of that name, chambers and the basrelief wall we required—upwards of ten quarts at whose court probably Moses grew murals the largest of which is a

apiece daily—boiling was impractito manhood, is represented in four monster battle scene containing 1100

cal, so we merely leaned over and majestic colossi regally enthroned, figures covering the whole north side scooped it up in our cupped hands each sixtyfive feet high. The upper of the Great Hall from top to botfrom the middle of the river. A few half of the second giant statue was tom. One tableau, the epitome of

minutes after drinking our fill to hurled to the ground by an earthRameses'selfglorifying works, shows the point of nausea the superquake, but the other three are in a the brazen Pharaoh worshiping heated air parched our throats and marvelous state of preservation. Scathimself!

cracked our lips, and again we were tered around the base of the figures We encountered six other imprestormented by choking thirst, even are little stone effigies of hawks and sive temples before reaching Aswan, with the unlimited supply. members of Rameses'huge family—three of them half submerged under

We had the first and only portage his mother, one of his seven wives, water which enabled us to explore of our river odyssey in the midst of and some of his seventvnine sons and them without leaving our boats.

the awesome Second Cataract, where thirtyone daughters. A statue of the Crocodiles are rare this far north, so

for twelve miles the Nile fingers its sun god, Ra, to whom the temple was I was able to enjoy the unique exway through a tortuous labyrinth dedicated, stands some twenty feet perience of exploring the wondrous of narrow channels in a petrified high in a niche over the entrance, temple, built fifty lifetimes ago, jungle of grotesquely heapedup supported on both sides by a basunderwater by means of swim fins masses of rock. The portage, only relief portrait of Rameses in an attiand face mask, plunging down

a hundred yards, was necessitated tude of worship. The temple was through the sparkling green water

by an ugly cascade devoid of any excavated so ingeniously that at dawn to examine the slimecoated statues clear channels. With the bypassing of each day the first rays of the and murals.

of this barrier our conquest of the rising sun cast Ra's tangible benediccataracts by kayak was completed. tion into the depths of the interior, (To be continued)

We heaved gargantuan sighs of relief and paddled to Wadi Haifa for a badly needed rest, on a tranquil, everbroadening Nile.

Six and a half months after starting our expedition we entered Egypt, the sixth country of the Nile basin, with over threefourths of the great MIA General Board filled a mission in California, 1947river behind the border us. From to (Continued from page 216) 48,cessivelyand sinceas Juniorthen hasSundayservedSchoolsucthe desothroughAswan we passed

late frontier of Lower Nubia, once West Jordan. They have two sons coordinator, as YWMIA manual

part of the Biblical land of Cush; and a daughter. counselor in Pioneer (Salt Lake

an infertile land where the Nile loses Mrs. May Green Davis has also City) Stake, and then as Sunday

its identity as a river, slowly swellbeen assigned to the drama commitSchool librarian in University (Salt ing out behind the restraining tee. As an MIA drama director she Lake City) Stake. At the time of

Aswan dam. A vast, granitebound holds a twentyyear service pin. She her call to the general board she

lake stretching 225 miles south to has been drama director of the was serving as a Sunday School

WadiHaifa, framed by the gleamNorth Twentieth Ward, Ensign ( Salt teacher in the North Thirteenth ing yellow sand of the western Lake City) and drama director of Ward.

Libyan desert and the duncolored the Olympus Seventh Ward, Holla- J. Maxine Thomason has been aswastes of the eastern Arabian desert. day (Utah) Stake. At the time of signed to the drama committee. She

This hospitable region is still occuher appointment to the YWMIA is an honorary Golden Gleaner, has pied by the indomitable Nubian general board she was serving as a long career of activity in the people despite their villages being drama director of Holladay Stake. Church, principally in the YWMIA.

flooded and ruined when the dam She is the wife of Clifton R. Davis. She has been speech director in sevwas completed. The government Assigned to the Beehive commiteral wards, stake teacher training

generously offered to relocate them tee is LaRue Sneff, secretary to the member, and secretary, YWMIA on productive farm lands in Egypt First Presidency's Office (and inciactivity counselor, stake Gleaner proper, but the ties to their ancestral dentally, does the recording and leader, drama director, Improvement home land were too strong, and they much of the transcribing of the Era director, Primary teacher in elected to remain. conference addresses that are printed Washington, D. C, has held other

At Abu Simbel we stood in awe in the Era and elsewhere). She positions. She has filled a mission

254 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It's an old Western custom to get the very most you can. That's why

Western Savings in Salt Lake City pays

substantially more for insured savings

for your savings at current rate

Western Savings New BONUS PLANS reward you with important extra earnings on Prepaid Investment and Systematic Savings accounts. These earnings

are in addition to your full dividend... currently 4%. Your savings are insured

to $10,000 by the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation, the agency created by the United States Government to protect your savings.

PREPAID SYSTEMATIC INVESTMENT SAVINGS

Deposits of $10,000 or more will Regular monthly deposits of $10 earn you V2 of 1% to a full 1% or more will earn you V2 of 1 % to bonus each year when your ac- a full 1 % bonus each year when count is maintained for 36 to 84 your account is maintained for 60 months. Compare these BONUS to 1 20 months.

PLAN earnings:

Plan 1 Plan 2 Plan 1 Plan 2 Initial Maturity value Maturity value Initial Maturity value Maturity value

Deposit at 36 months at 84 months Deposit at 60 months at T 20 months $ 1,000 i 1,142.82 $ 1,412.97 $ 10 $ 673.33 I 1,555.03

2,000 2,285.65 2,825.95 20 1,346.65 3,110.06

5,000 5,714.13 7,064.87 50 3,366.65 7,775.15

10,000 11,428.25 14,129.74 100 6,733.30 15,550.31

Save by Mail—Western Pays the Postage Both Ways

Wherever you live, you can take advantage of Western's Extra Earnings. Mail

your deposit to Western Savings, Salt Lake City. We will pay the postage both

ways, send you your passbook and all necessary forms by return mail.

Get More for Your Money—Open Your Bonus Account Today

Send the Coupon for Complete Details AT THE ORIGINAL l SAVINGS WESTERN ni City, Salt Lake Utah WESTERN >

Please send details z complete on Prepaid Investment and SAVINGS o Systematic savings plans. Savings bonus

Name I Address City State

AND LOAN COMPANY

si 45 EAST FIRST SOUTH SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

APRIL 1960 255 in Sweden, serving as conferencedance director and later as activity could understand and appreciate.

chairman for President McKay's counselor. Sister Thompson has been Gradually the teacher led into the

1952 visit there. active in music and entertainment moral teachings of Jesus. This also

Jane Thompson, a reappointment activities since she was fourteen, and the boy would accept. As to whether

to the general board, has been asshe has served in ward and stake he would ever be able to accept signed to the sportscamp committee. capacities in both singing and as an Jesus as the Savior of the world

She was serving on the board when organist. She has filled a mission in would depend entirely on how much

she went to New York about three England. She is now directing the he could learn to accept and trust

years ago for employment. While program bureau of Brigham Young his teacher, and this would depend,

there she served as stake YWMIA University. in turn, on the teacher's understanding of Terry and the acceptance of

those qualities in him—brought from

his home—which made him different

from the other boys in the Sunday

Understanding Those spiritual emptiness. His parents School class.

We Teach pridedlectuals,"themselveswho had ona graspbeing of"intelpsy- of Theeverystudentsubjectshouldtaught.be theWecenterare

(Continued from page 245) chology and science and felt no need teaching people—not subjects. We for religion. Terry came to the must remember that the student recan be referred to frequently and class because he was bored at home acts only according to his past exwithout difficulty. Another method on Sundays when his father was periences and interprets things only

is a looseleaf notebook with a page watching TV, cutting the grass, or in the light of those experiences. The

or half page for each student on washing the car, and his mother was successful teacher will make every which the teacher can jot down cooking or busy with the house. effort to understand the student and

information. The method can be When Terry was invited to come to use everything he discovers to

the teacher's own devising; the Sunday School he accepted it as "bring home"the subject matter.

principle is the same in either case. "something to do."In order for the The problem of discipline has long

It has been the writer's experience teacher successfully to reach the been a "trouble area"with many that many times a student who heart of this boy, he had to abandon teachers. It may be in order to sugseemingly cannot be reached in class the traditional Sunday School apgest that if the teacher thoroughly

can be brought into full activity by proach and put himself in Terry's applies his understanding of indiusing the student's interest and backposition. He had to project himself vidual differences and exhibits the

ground effectively in planning and into the feelings of the boy and rare qualities of empathy and sincere preparing a particular lesson. Even empathize with him. (Empathy deinterest in his students, the discipline

such a small thing as a student's mands the imagination and ability problem will, in large measure, solve name can become a factor in sucto live someone else's life, while we itself. This implies that the teacher

cessful teaching. A person's name is are in contact with him.) This will have his students so interested

the sweetest sound in the entire lanteacher succeeded in influencing in learning what he is saying and guage to him, and when a teacher Terry because he sincerely wanted, attempting to teach them, that they remembers a student's name—alenough, to go out of his way to talk will not have time to cause difficulthough there may be forty other to the boy after class, to encourage ties in the class. For this solution

students in the class—that student him to read selected articles which to the discipline problem, the teacher

will grow with inner pleasure and would stimulate his interest but not must necessarily have adequate pride. The pronunciation of the destroy completely the doubt with preparation of the subject matter,

name correctly, distinctly, and rewhich he had been raised, until he and a thorough understanding of his spectfully, can take on an aspect could find something else with students.

of major importance to the student. which to replace it. When a teacher Teachers must never forget that

Many students have names that are takes away an undesirable attribute the students they are teaching today the subject of jokes or ridicule by from a student, he must replace it will be the future leaders and citiother class members. If the teacher with something desirable. If this zens of tomorrow and that this inshows by his handling of the name is not done another characteristic, fluence, either positive or negative,

that he considers it as good or as imperhaps even more undesirable than will be great. The home, the school,

portant as any other name in the the first may enter. "Nature abhors and the church, were listed by one

class, the students will take the cue a vacuum,"is a wellknown and poet as "building men for God."

from the teacher and act accordingly. well understood scientific axiom. It Without the teacher, the school and

Many a student has been left with is just as true with the characteristics the church would be nothing but emotional scars because a classmate of people as it is in the laboratory. empty buildings, for it is the teacher

or teacher has used his name as the We all know that if we want to break that makes the school and the church subject of ridicule. a bad habit, the best way is to rewhat they are. Also, it is the mother

In a certain Sunday School class place it with a good one. Little by and the father, acting as teachers,

there was a boy who came with an little the teacher led Terry to know that make the home what it is. Let

LDS friend. Terry belonged to no Christ, first as an historical charus say that the conscientious, well

church; his parents had never acter, a carpenter, who was strong prepared, understanding teacher is

taught him to pray or read any and who could walk for many miles "another of the builders that keep scriptures. He came from a home of and sleep out of doors. This he building men for God."

256 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA: )!.

.The Foretold Name of Jesus For the Missionary.

(Continued from page 239) Having been informed that he should live to see the Christ, he beheld and istinctive choice of recognized him in the person of the programs to make the child Jesus brought into the temple. farewell complete. The

Lifting the baby in his arms he said, 24 missionary's photograph "Mine eyes have seen thy salvation,"included in folded and he was content to die. Of this program.

passage, recognizing the personification principle, the editors of the new $18.00 for 500

Interpreters Bible, concurring with and 85c per 100 the universal views of commentators for more or less than 500 ancient and modern, say: 25 plus postage

"The Salvation that Simeon had seen [the Lord's Christ of vs. 26] The West's Finest

was intended for all people."Printers and Binders

Again, that Jesus is indeed the personification of salvation is most clearly taught in the matter of the conversation of the Savior with the Deseret

Samaritan woman at the well. It

had been written in Isaiah 2G "... ye

shall draw water out of the wells ofsalvation"[yeshuah]. Jesus, regard- \News

ing himself as the yeshuah of this passage, said to the Samaritan woman: 27 33 RICHARDS ST.

"But whosoever drinketh of the EM 4-2581 water that I shall give him, shall SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH never thirst; but the water that I

shall give him, shall be in him a well of water springing up into everlasting life."Dally Air GLEN Reverting to the Old Testament,

is carprinciple the personification CANYON ried of Service PAGE of the even to the extent use the masculine pronoun. Thus (Isa.

62:11), it is said:

"Behold thy salvation cometh, beFLAGSTAFF, KANAB hold, his reward is with him, and his work before him."

It is to be noted that the word RENO salvation in this case is yasha the common root of both yeshuah and

Jeshua; and the identification of this

passage with the Messiah has never been in doubt among the Jews. 28

The saying of Isaiah (52:10) that

"all the ends of the earth shall see the salvation of our God"is applied directly to Jesus in Luke (3), and is the subject of extensive dissertations in Yalkut,29 it being the plain 10S ANGELES/INT'L understanding of the ancient Jews that the yeshuah whom all the ends of the earth would see, was the Messiah; that his coming would SAN DIEGO

be personal, and would be preceded by Elijah, standing upon the mountains and crying, "Yeshuah has Write for Bonanza's come!"color folders on a variety

While some confusion existed in of Package Tours to the ( Continued on page 259 fun spots of the West

EO. Box 391,

Las Vegas, Nevada FLY Bonanza Air Lines

Serving 27 resort cities in the West

APRIL 1960 257.

j/Vo/ beyond our reach.

by Richard L. Evans

We have talked these recent weeks of repeating

I errors,into debt,of repenting,and of theofimportanceimproving, ofof reversinggoing deeperany.H... * 8 THE i

turning process, right way. toward the and of SPOKEN wrong / WORD

like somewhat, to summarize And now we should II 7 before the season slips too far from us. Often we think what we

are going to do tomorrow, next week, next time, next season. We trg often plan; we often postpone. And sometimes, after postponing, I

we suddenly push ourselves at a fevered pace, and sometimes forget the effectiveness of quiet consistency. With our human imperfections there will always be things we shall wish we had done differently, and always there are errors, and often we brood and blame

ourselves for our failures. There are extremes in both directions:

There are those who excuse and justify themselves too much, and those who blame themselves too much—and it isn't always easy to

know where to draw the line between the two. A conscientious

concern for whatever is less than it ought to be, is an admirable and essential quality of character, but there is also such a thing as destroying effectiveness by magnifying mistakes. There is no perfection in any of us—but one of the most sincerely satisfying assurances of life comes with the awareness that what the Lord God

expects of us is not really beyond reach: respect and honesty, and

honor, consideration for others, faith and work, doing and enduring, the keeping of the commandments—and with these the future will

unfold, if not with perfection, at least with an inner peace and purpose and a settled assurance. Repentance is indeed the great

principle of progress. Without it life would be less than hopeful,

and lacking in incentive for us all. And with all our errors, with

all our failures, with all our brooding and blaming of ourselves, with all our regrets and wishing we had done differently, there is always this sustaining fact for our peace and for our everlasting purpose: that the Lord God knows us and loves us and knows our

needs—and that what he expects of us is not beyond our reach.

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Columbia Broadcasting System, January 31, 1960. Copyright 1960.

LEGACY OF GETHSEMANE

by Dorothy P. Barlow

The Good Housekeeping There is a peace and comfort here

Seal g uarantees In all the tiny seeds I've sown,

Rancho's The fragrance of the grass, newmown,

The growing things that I hold dear.

goodness! Here in this place, beloved by me,

Here in the quiet green, I kneel, f* Guaranteed by W And in the earth's warm touch I feel Housekeeping Good

The bond of His affinity, As though to gardens everywhere,

Until the ending of all things,

His neverfailing voice still brings 7 The benediction of his prayer.

DELICIOUS VARIETIES!

258 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Foretold Name of Jesus ( Continued from page 257 the minds of the rabbis concerning detailsthe of the prophecy of This thingZechariah thy king "Behold (9:9),

cometh unto thee: he is just and

having salvation, lowly and riding called upon an ass"etc., yet upon one

thing all were agreed, that is, thatthe salvation referred to is the Mes- 'PRICE siah in person. In the Talmud, 30 it

is even said that anyone so blessedas to see an ass in a dream "will live SPREAD'to see salvation"(i. e. Messiah).

Justified entirely by the established practice of paranomasia, familiar in many Old Testament respects other than that under consideration, the unvarying personificaThe least understood, or most misunderstood, part of tion of yeshuah, salvation, in Jesus, the food business is this thing called "price spread."

causes the Messianic passages of the It draws the abuse of both producer and consumer, scripture to blossom with a new when actually it extends benefits to both.

prophetic glory when read as deWhat is the spread? It's the difference between what

claring his name. the farmer gets and what the consumer pays. It covers a

"I have waited for thy salvation, O multitude of services, including assemblying small or large

Lord!"(Gen. 49:18) becomes a new quantities from many producers, transportation, canning,

cry on the lips of aged Israel. freezing, pickling, packaging, storage, more transportation,

The Song of Moses (Ex. 15:2) warehousing and wholesaling. It breaks down carlots into

assumes new significance: "The Lord smaller quantities delivered to each retail store. It carries

is my strength and my song, and he each pound and each package right to the consumer's shopis become my salvation"(i. e. Jesus). ping bag.

It is to be noted that the word Lord occurring in this passage is properly Spread is the story of SERVICE. It is value added by

Jehovah in the Hebrew text, with service through which raw commodities are made available the result that the passage spells out in the right size or quantity, at the right time and in the the name of Jehoshua (Jehovah is right place.

salvation) the very name of Jesus. Without spread a ham would be an animal on a midwest

David sings of the Messiah, in the farm; our steak would be another steer on a western range

62nd Psalm, "He only is my rock and lamb chops would be covered with wool on some Uintah my salvation,"joining two of the mountain slope.

names of Messiah together. Housewives continually seek more builtin convenience

If there be doubt elsewhere, the and quick preparation. This naturally increases the spread.

matter is set at rest in the 12th chapBut the spread will never be unreasonable because Mrs.

ter of Isaiah, wherein Jesus the America is boss of the food business. She gets what she

Christ is identified as being Jehovah wants. If not, the product stays on the shelf.

and salvation (Jesus) at once:

"Behold God is my salvation; I Safeway has met the challenge with efficient operation.

will trust and not be afraid: For the Despite increased services the spread between cost and sellLord Jehovah is my strength and ing price was 20 cents on the sales dollar in 1957 compared

my song; He also is become my to 25 cents in the depression days of 1933. Consumers tosalvation [yeshuah]; therefore with day spend 22% of their income on food compared to 50%

joy shall ye draw water out of the in the prewar days. And if families maintained prewar

wells of Yeshuah [salvation]."diet standards today, they would spend only 16% of their

income on food. Jeremiah directly foretold the

name "My Righteousness"as one of The decrease in the percentage of "spread"in the face the names of the Savior (23:6): "... of the multiplicity of new services offered makes food disand this is his name whereby he tribution a modern merchandising miracle.

shall be called, the Lord Our Righteousness."The name is joined

with Jesus in the warning of Friend of the Family Friend of the Farmer

Isaiah (56:1):

"Thus saith the Lord, Keep ye judgment, and do justice, for my salvation is near to come, and my righteousness to be revealed."SAFEWAY

APRIL 1960 259 YOUR 3:1. 13:16. Numbers

Theology, Religion, Cyc. "McClintock & Strong SALT Vol. 4, p. 873. History Ecclesiastical LAKE whatThe isforegoingcommon instancesusage in illustratethe Old and"Zechariah

13:16. op. cit.; Ecclesiasticus.. & Strong, 'NumbersMcClintock

7:27; 24:11. I Chronicles OPTICAL Testament,to foretell theunquestionablyadvent of JesusintendedChrist. 46:1;

7:45. Acts 4:8; "Hebrews is to served be particular purpose No 7:11. "Jacob HEADQUARTERS princitations, the multiplying 24:27. in Luke

to Old Introduction 13Pfeiffer, of declaration the of fact ciple and 5. p. 1948, Y. N. Harpers. olO.... Testament,Ed.) (Am. 2 his 128; 6:15, i*Strotnata, ANF before long of Jesus the name 89. Ch. 75, Trypho, with 31 EYEGLASSES established. fully being birth 113. Chapter Dialoguewldem,

etc. 132, 131, 128, Chapter videm, in the to say sufficient Let it be 8:1. Zechariah 115; Chapter LENSES Idem, CONTACT

3:26): 9. Chapter (Lam. of v-'Ad Judaeos, Jeremiah words

ARTIFICIAL EYES "It is good that a man should both '"'Idem,-'EcclesiasticusChapter 46:1.14.

1:21. wait for the salva- =2Matthew quietly and hope Book 4, Ch. 14. HEARING AIDS Lord."the tion of Div.2 <Luke Inst.2:30.

May his coming not be long de- --Vol.*>Isaiah8 12:3.(1952), p. 61.

4:1314. -Tohn 4 LOCATIONS laved. Vol. 2 pp. Times,ANNOUNCING and Life sEdersheim, 7:10. 3:8; Alma Mosiah *2 25:19; Nephi

728729. 22 25:19. Nephi in Murray Now 736. p. <">Idem, I Corinthians Luke 10:21; 11:25; Matthew etc. 98a, Sanh. 56b; 30Ber. State South 4792 2:8. 1:19, 31 cit., Vol. 1, p. 159. op. Edersheim, 24:13. Exodus

The

OPTICAL SHOP

sat down then himself helped 420 Boston Bldg. Alvin Larsons Last He walls the him. On about and looked

368 East First South Pony Express Ride were rough shelves stacked with 1062 East 2100 South food supplies and on the dirt floor

EM 3-5262 (Continued from page 241) bags of less perishable foodstuff. It

the that supplies these from was but ye'11 on, boy, send ye to hate Salt Lake City, Utah "I the and themselves fed keepers post all right?"be

trails. Express Pony of the riders out, I'll make Ben, worry, "Don't

at and loaded ready stood Guns Alvin told help,"needs your Fred the walls. around portholes several Inweather, Bad him cheerfully.

dians, or death, the mail had to go A door leading to one of the stables through. The other keeper had stood open, and he could smell the

changed the viochila, and Alvin was corrals and hear the horses munchsoon on his way. In another hour ing hay or stamping about.

he had reached the next station Alvin put on his buckskin jacket where he slept a few hours and then and cap just in time to see clouds of started on his way toward Fort dust rising in the east and hear the

Bridger. shouts of the pony rider approach-

* * # ing. In a few minutes Jim rode in.

"Hey, Alvin,"Bill called, shaking "Any trouble back there?"asked

him by the shoulder. "Jim is due to one of the keepers putting on the

ride in in about twenty minutes."He mochila.

grinned down at Alvin. "Ready to "Injuns gone huntin', I guess. Too

hit the old trail again?"hungry to hunt white man's scalp,"

Alvin grinned back, yawned noisJim grinned, stretching his stiff ily as Bill went out. He stretched limbs.

his short, wiry body to its full length In minutes Alvin had mounted the once, then swung slim, muscled legs horse, cool, brave, before the danover the side of the rude bunk gerous journey ahead of him.

standing against the log wall of the "Good luck,"they yelled.

station. He yawned loudly once In relays such as this the mail was

on the move by the Pony Exfor kept again sleep not He would WATER more. press. his blue pulled on He many hours.

HEATER trousers and fancy leather boots, Now looking toward the west then washed at the bench in one Alvin saw dark clouds above the corner of the room. He put on his mountains. There were few human

red flannel shirt and buckled his beings to see along the trail, none

LIVE BETTER belt with revolvers and a sheath to visit with except the station keepELECTRICALLY knife.At one end of the enclosure a huge ers.train Occasionallycarrying the heheavierpassed maila muleor

with FULL fireplace stood with kettles of hot an emigration train going to Utah food suspended above the flames. or to the California gold fields. SomeHOUSEPOWER

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

times the pony riders passed each As he rode it became colder, and tion riding in a blizzard, though, the other on the trail, but it was hail soon it started to snow. A wind Indians wouldn't be on the prowl.

and farewell as on the riders flew. came up, whipping the snow against He could hardly shout as he drew

With people paying five dollars a him in frozen pellets. It had near the station, but the keepers

letter to cross the nation, the Pony rained a long time here, and he were watching for him and hurried had to make the best possible time. had to watch out for water holes. out.

As Alvin's eyes scanned the vast Suddenly his horse bogged down in "Man, you look plumb froze! Come

skies, he thought how wonderful a hole, and Alvin just missed plungand get into some dry clothes."In a

it would be if the mail could sail ing over its head. The pony stood few minutes Alvin had changed by

through the air in some kind of contrembling for a moment, hanging the roaring open fire and downed traption. He laughed aloud at the its head almost apologetically, senssome hot soup.

ridiculousness of the thought. He ing their predicament. Alvin ran Out on the trail again, the storm

saw deer, antelope, sage hens, his hand along the neck of the horse was subsiding. Then he was in the

prairie chickens, and buffalo and and spoke gently. "Treat your horse mouth of Echo Canyon, changing

from the latter he kept his distance. as you would your mother, he may horses at the swing stations and restThe managers of the Pony Exbe the means of saving your life."ing at his home station.

press wouldn't permit riders to work The instruction for the care of the It had been so dark so long on the too long. So, he planned to learn precious ponies came back to him. trail, but now gray dawn was breakprinting for the newspaper. It would He patted the animal and gave him ing. It was safer to ride in the dark

be pretty tame compared with ridone of the pieces of dried fruit. He and as long as the horses'hoofs

ing the Pony Express. would have to travel more slowly. pounded the trail he did not worry.

He thought now of the important He had to take the mail through but He was nearing home, home from papers he was carrying in one of the he couldn't do it if he broke his neck. his last ride. He began to dream

cantinas, for the westerners. News, There were instances of horses about the new job in the printing

printed on fine paper as thin as carrying the mail to the station, office. Easy as pie, he thought.

silk, told the western world of the leaving a wounded rider along the Then he remembered he wasn't coming election in November. He route. As he slowed down, he tried home yet, that he still had to dehoped Abraham Lincoln would beto exercise his arms, but he had to liver his last batch of mail to the

come president. Abe Lincoln seemed give it up, it was too dangerous. By Salt Lake house. And there was

to be the right man for the job. And the time he reached his next swing one place on the trail where anhe, Alvin Larson, had an important station, his clothes were half frozen other rider had been ambushed. He

part in carrying the news. to his bodv. There was one consolawould be extra careful. As he rode

SAVE OVER HALF... at STANDARD OPTICAL

BOLEX MOVIE CAMERASvKkSvX1 Discontinuation of this camera

- electric because eye of new JF this low, low model makes

FADES price possible.

SLOWMOTION withBolex,a thevariableonly shutter,8mm cameragives that other movies no you home ijijSCENE 0@iTBlL CLOSEUPS It can. features movie camera

With VARIABLE SHUTTER speeds, zoom finder and other WIDEANGLE PANORAMAS 7extras. The Amazing That 8mm Camera

f2.5 With COMIC SPEEDUPS, Effects Hollywood Makes Pos- \\ Wollensak

sible For You, Too! CARTOONS std. lens 50 NOW ONLY *67

Nothi "9 Down "nly $1 Week See & Try* It Now! |

'r\*&** 3*1f-(\——1 SameLytar as& 36mmabove YvarexceptTel.withlenses.fl.9 *P

COME IN or MAIL COUPON NOW! |

Please send me the Bolex Variable Shutter camera |

I salepriced at on'y $ I <S f d ** '/ Wr"S- ''to terms of the ad. I will pay according nl

I Name I Momtmi Wife's Name I EYEWEAR HEARING AIDS CAMERA SUPPLIES

Address [ 155 South Main—273 South Main

'V 2190 Highland Drive—Sugar House

Employed By I SaIt Lake <-;,

Credit Reference—J. Other offices in Ogden and Provo

APRIL 1960 261 nearer he took a revolver in each him by the hair and held a gleaming was supposed to guard the mail with hand, spurred the pony to its utknife above him. his life but how? How?

most speed and tore past, while Alvin felt the blood drain from Again he pleaded earnestly with his eyes penetrated dense clumps his head, but he held his muscles the chief, pointed to the brand on of trees and boulders, his ears under iron control. And a mighty the pony's flank. X. P. And the

alerted to sounds of ambush. There prayer went up to God from the words "Overland Pony Express,"on

was none. depths of his soul. the cantinas. He sensed their doubt

Breathing more easily he reIn the second before the knife and their suspicion of him. Would

duced the pony's speed and was in was to fall, the chief uttered a gutthey let him go?

the act of returning the revolvers to tural sound and extended his arm. They all sat silently waiting.

their holsters when it happened. CunThe redskin released Alvin's hair and Alvin placed his hands on his

ningly, a band of painted redskins dropped the arm which held the chest, "I'm one of Brigham's boys."

had waited to attack from a point knife. Hoping, praying this plea would reeasily seen and where the rider lease him.

would least suspect it. Now yelling The chief sat on in silence. They

and shouting, their eyes glittering all waited. Then slowly he spoke,

with excitement, they were upon "White man sometime tell lies, how him. Alvin had time to fire only we know you Brigham's boy?"

two shots, which went wild. One QUIET RAIN Again in desperation, Alvin

of the band leaped from his horse to searched his mind. He had nothing,

Alvin's his arms threw and pony viselike grip. aaround by Eva Willes Wangsgaard nothingas if inspired,to showhethemsteppedas proof.out boldlyThen him in

Others grabbed his mustang, while before them and raised his voice two others relieved him of his belt Rain falls as quietly as peace might m song.

with the knife and revolvers. come "Come, come ye Saints, no toil

Outwardly calm and cool, Alvin To one in pain or one long comfortnor labor fear...."

tried to reason with them. One of shorn; They listened as he sang, and when

the braves started to pull at the Without a single rolling of the drum; he had finished, there was complete

cantinas and the mochila. DesperOf thunder, no urgency windborne. silence for a while. Alvin knew that

ately Alvin tried to explain that he It falls like fingertips on one asleep, the people in every emigrant train mail.carried for the onlv sang headed Valley Salt Lake He made writ- A skin.mother's hands that bathe a baby's that song. Indians constantlying signs ground. were on the

The leader of the warriors lifted The beads of silver gather, pool, then begging for food in the valley, as his hand. There was a brief council seep Brigham Young told the people to

earth into roots where Back fight and feed the Alvin rather waited. Indianswhile than blamed He begin. leaves

fool.himself them. warriors for being a careless of the Surely some He

is like lowered sky a pewter The it. let this recognize haveshould happen. never would

plate, again possibly the beIndians could once outwit he Then them?How used Long talking excitedly trapped. he and dented some but gan themheBut was With knew among

yet. shining

still selves. chief his Indian him, hand,one extended they behind The

trees the unleafed tones take on The grunts, a of the to gave the follow and fewmotioned band him some slate of fell circle in a others ground. the on while formed behind Oneband clinging silver, of buds round With of the the Indians that pipe passedthem. he now, peace was knew He wet. and

it their to to Alvin aroundbeing taken and came and encampment when its sunless brightday wears The own refuse. did nottheir chieftain. dare he choked He tinged ness

it. as spat Indians distance, a over and long not It was and The

silvercool, translucency, pearl With they rode Alvin tried to think of a fringed. laughed.

way to escape, but there seemed to "White man no good smoke,"the be no way. If the redskin on the chief said.

pony with him were not on the pony After they had sat thus for some with him, he would certainly try. minutes, Alvin's horse was brought

The horses of the Pony Express could to him, and the mochila with the outrun the nags of the Indians any cantinas placed on the saddle. They

time. Now the band gathered round the returned his belt with the knife and

They reached the camping grounds chief, talking and gesturing excitedrevolvers.

where the chief sat musing before a ly. The chief raised his arms, and "Brigham good to Indians,"the

dying fire. He did not look up but there was complete silence. He chief said. "Me good to white brave."

sat quietly. The warriors brought spoke briefly to one or two of the He gave Alvin the peace sign, and

more wood, and when the flames band. Then Alvin and his pony Alvin returned the sign. When he

were leaping high, they began dancwere brought before him. One of mounted the mustang, the chief

ing round and round. As they the braves took the mochila from gave it a slap on the rump.

danced faster and faster, their yells the horse, and began to examine the And the Pony Express Rider was rose louder and louder. Suddenly cantinas and the padlock. Alvin off on the last lap of his last jourone of the Indians in a frenzy of exlooked about the circle of dark ney from Fort Bridger to the valley

citement ran toward Alvin, grabbed faces, and terror gripped him. He of the Great Salt Lake.

262 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

*%>*,0 <;",S?**

Sii'jSMaai

Gadgetfree IH balers tie top tonnage without shattering leaves or choking

Before you count to 10, this speedy IH baler can Watch how gently... how easily a McCormick

pick up, pack, and pop out a bricksquare bale of hay baler ties a ton of hay every six minutes. Low pickIt's simple! There are no beaters... no compliup raises the windrow into the baler intact—like a

cated hayforks to shatter and rub off feed -rich green carpet! Instantly the fullfloating, short auger

leaves. And the big IH bale chamber door ends plugwhisks this stream of hay to the big bale chamber

ups caused by funneldown feeding. This stops costly door. Three packer fingers spread it evenly across

leaf loss and keeps you baling nonstop in heavy hay. the bale chamber. Then the plunger packs it firm.

Get cash for dealing now! Your IH dealer will pay interest

at the rate of 6% on your tradein and/or down payment. Stop in today and ask him for a demonstration.

See how highspeed IH hay machines can help you make better hay faster.

The sooner you trade the more you save

See your wf"''INTERNATIONAL Rubberroll conditioner saves leaves... halves curing timeby cracking each hay stem along its full length. Now, teamed with HARVESTER dealer

In lor Harvester and Equipment themselves Products Farm Tractors pay use—

..... Industriala highspeed mower, this McCormick No. 2 Hay Conditioner lets IIInternational... Twine.. Tractors. Construction Trucks. Equipment—General Motor

you crush and mow at the same time. Office, Chicago 1, Illinois

The finest Bibles you can buy On My Honor 02227x $10.75 (Concluded from page 231)

Marrakesh Persian Morocco, half circuit, leather lined. 64 pages of Further research showed that

Concise Helps. Jasper selfpro- Tommy had also saved a friend

type. nouncing Concordance.

Black or Red. 5x7 Va, only i3/i6"when he had fallen over a steep emthick. bankment just a year before.

"Where did you learn all these lifesaving skills?"Tommy was asked. 04434x—$10.95

The words of Christ are printed "In the Boy Scouts,"came the in red in this beautiful Bible. simple answer.

grain Bound in Morocco Calf, Thousands of Scouts have turned circuit. half Brevier, selfpro-

nouncing, blackface type. Contheir specialties into lifelong employcordance. 5x744, only %"thick. ment. Dr. Paul Siple, Director of

Polar Affairs for the US Army, relates that, "The story of my life can 04884x- $14.95 almost be told in terms of merit

Levant grain Calf, half circuit. badges—sixty explorations into fields

Long Primer type, New modified of knowledge. They prepared me Concordance. self - pronouncing.

5% x 8 5/s, less than 1"thick. for the adult worlds that needed

conquering."

But the real success of scouting is

Authorized King James Version found in ten words of the Scout

I will do my OXFORD Oath:duty to"OnGod!"my honor

Oxford of ahead Scout is one who goes A THE UNIVERSITY HALLMARK the way.""showing body, the main

trail leads to the altar of God, If that Quality PRESS cleancut these young can men how ever fail in their hike through life?

Let's all wish the Boy Scouts of

America a happy fiftieth birthday.

Haven't they left an indelible mark the world? A NEW HAMMOND ORGAN on

AT THE LOWEST PRICE EVER!

THE NEW HAMMOND ra voice HIGH ADVENTURE The famous name Hammond tells all the to kind of about need you know music by Maude Rubin it isn't you'll lovely of get out it. And

to look at? And wouldn't it grace your

living room? You can put the Extravoice His dim eyes webbed with dreams

there for the lowest price in Hammond of goldstreaked ore, history.

He leans against the weathered

Any Hammond organ only $25.00 down. hitchingrail,

There is a Hammond Organ to meet your Straining to read the misty, fading needs for home or church. Send the couscore

pon at right today or just drop a post Left by a roaring jet... As vaporcard. trail

Spreads and diffuses, time and wind erased, Like burro trails among the shifting dunes, Mirages long since gone are memorytraced

In shimmering pictures; now, as

night wind tunes His thought to silent symphony of

Now ready stars, the 1959 Era index The old prospector plans his trip to

Send a 4c stamp Mars!

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 11, Utah

264 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The New Hammond Extravoice Organ in walnut.

This new Hammond Organ can be in your church next Sunday for the lowest Hammond price ever!

$895*. Only $25 Down THE NEW HAMMOND Gxta/iA ORGAN

If price has kept your church from enjoying the magnificent the graceful cabinetry that is also so compact: it occupies

music of a Hammond Organ, it needn't any more. but 4 ft. by 2 ft.

For now your church can own the newest Hammond model, the the famed Hammond craftsmanship that will assure faithful new Extravoice Organ, for the lowest price in Hammond history service, year after year.

-only $895.*

Don't deprive your church of a Hammond Organ any longer.Call your dealer today and Hammond have him show your comCall your dealer. Hammond

allmittee of the Extravoice features, as: such

the rich tones of three keyboards, played from a single keyboard. HAMMOND ORGAN... music's most glorious voice

Hammond Organ Company, 4220 W. Diversey Ave., Chicago 39, 111.

| | Please send free folder on Extravoice Organ.

] Please send free booklet on organ fund raising.

] Please send color catalog of Hammond church organs.

Na Church Address

City Zone County State The Spinet Model of The of Concert Model I960, HAMMOND ORGAN COMPANY

Organ. the Hammond Organ. the Hammond

*Less Federal Excise Tax y F.O.B., Chicago; bench extra.

APRIL I960 265 The Bravest Man Maud nodded her head and knelt beside him.

(Continued from page 233) "It gives a body a funny feeling to wake on a day and not know if this

Before dawn Maud braided her is to be the last morning of your hair swiftly in her corner of the life."

wagon. She was careful not to wake "There's no way around them?"

Ralph, but as the darkness within the Maud knew there was no answer to wagon turned to gray, she realized the question. The men had worried

that Ralph's eyes were open. He lay such questions enough last night

with his arms crossed behind his and always came to the same conhead. "Is Amy still sleeping?"he clusion. Either Jacob Hamblin

whispered. would save them or he couldn't.

Belief, faith, courage...

by Richard L. Evans

Nephi 3rd Ward John N. Clawson, A. I. A. There is a sentence accredited to William James,

which says, "Our belief at the beginning of a

LEMCO PORTAWALL SIDE THE doubtful undertaking is the one thing that insures

COILING PARTITION SPOKEN the successful outcome of our venture."1 This sugWORD gests comment on the question of belief, of faith, of CHECK WITH US BEFORE YOU ORDER

YOUR DIVIDING PARTITIONS FOR CHAPcourage: the will to succeed, the will to study, the will to know, the

ELS, CLASSROOMS, KITCHENS, ETC. will to accomplish—even the will to live, which may at times be the

AVAILABLE IN FIR, OAK, REDWOOD, difference between living and not living. The skeptics and the MAHOGANY.

unbelievers play their parts, and they cannot be said to be unFREE ESTIMATES, LAYOUTS important parts, but progress principally is made by those who DETAILING AND ENGINEERING

FURNISHED WITHOUT OBLIGATION. do things because they believe they can be done or don't know they

can't be done—and yesterday's seemingly impossible performance

LEMCO ALSO SUPPLIES: has often become today's commonplace performance. People often

Chalkboards & Tackboards exceed their own past performance—or exceed other peoples'past

Hampden Folding Chairs performance. Contestants have often won when all the odds were

Folding Tables to the contrary. Ventures have succeeded which seemed to hold

Basketball Backstops Medart little of success. promise it Patients have recovered hasn't where

Doors Lemco Counter possible. appeared it to be have survived Men when surely seemed Lockers Benches Medart and

Medart Score Boards they couldn't survive. And often in these equations the intangible

Medart Folding Bleachers enters in: the spirit, the faith, the prayer, the will, the courage, the

Medart Volleyball Standards honest, earnest, believing, extra effort; the help, the strength, that

inexplicably comes from sources both within and outside ourselves.

LEMCO CORPORATION If the pessimist had always been right, the world would have never

South 5251 2nd West Street have had any peace or progress. If the pessimist had always been City Lake Salt 7, Utah

Amherst 6-1021 right the world would have starved long since; nothing much would

ever have been invented; nothing much would ever have been

discovered; nothing much would ever have been improved. Facts

are surely not to be ignored, but are to be sought for and respected all in calculating taken into and account consequences. But besides NEED

C & W has an easy, facts MONEY?fast way for your the there are often, always, or known "There unknown facts.

raise auxiliary to funds. or ward Our are more things in heaven and earth"- than we are aware of. And is with the working program LDS auxiliary groups in which we supply them to those who have problems, to those who have sorrow or sickness,

with the material (on a charge basis and to those who have cherished dreams, high goals and ideals, and profit) approximately that they use 50% objectives: hope, admirable hold to Hold to courage; to hold

raising as project. full a fund details For

faith; to don't hopelessness; faith too soon succumb keep in the without obligations or write send coupon

to: future. "Our belief at the beginning of a doubtful undertaking is

the one thing that insures the successful outcome of our venture."1

Distributors Wholesale C& Street 2435 State WSouth L.D.S. Spoken Word,"from Square presented Owned "The Temple over the KSL and

P. 281 O. Box Operated and Broadcasting System, Columbia 7, 1960. February Copyright 1960. 15, Salt City Utah Lake

] original source unknown. WilIiam James, - Ward

1. Act -Shakespeare, Hamlet,

- Name Address

266 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.,

vc "Has he gone yet?"At Ralph's SPECIFY

question Maud leaned forward and drew back the flap of the wagon.

How quiet was the morning. What

cries of men this day would mingle with the cries of those birds who AMERICA'S FINEST FOLDING CHAIRS AND TABLESwere just now stirring with the day. VIRCOYou save on the original price, and you save on replacement—because VIRCO

"He hasn't gone yet."For there folding chairs and tables are built for years of rugged service... priced to

was their emissary, their only hope checking the straps and pack on his meet any budget. Folding chairs and tables may look alike, but when you compare

horse as casually as if such a thing them pointby-point—for advanced design, structural use of Vircoloy steel

as danger and death were not wait- (up to 20% stronger), and beauty—you'll find VIRCO furniture ahead

ing on the distant banks of Muddy of the field in value and lasting satisfaction.

Creek.,:....

The camp was coming to life. The

gifts for the Indians were made ready. Hamblin mounted his horse

and left the company. Maud

watched him go, sitting erect astride VIRCOMATIC Series of his horse, yet moving gracefully Cafeteria and AilPurpose with it. He sat as easily upon his easilyFoldingtoTablesany heightadjustfrom 21"

horse as the Indians themselves, to 31"—in oneinch

thought Maud. Yet he was no savincrements. Heavy gauge

steel legs and a tubularage, no wild buccaneer. He had

linen nonglare patterndignity simplicity about and him plastic Vircolite tops that made the man a hero. Or perbanded with

haps because their hopes were folaluminum.

lowing him so desperately into this sunny dawn of day, he seemed of such stuff to them. Now how sweetly the wagons groaned and squeaked

with less than two hours of safety remaining to them. How secure VIRCO #127 ALLMETAL

and inviting the inside of the wagon FOLDING CHAIR looked to Maud as she turned to Tubular steel construction with smile reassuringly at Amy who had three fusionwelded braces.

withdrawn out of sight into the Tubular frontsteel legsreinforcementat seat pivotin wagon. Ralph urged Maud to folpoint, also under forward

low Amy inside, and she agreed. edge of seat Metal

But let her remain out here one more capped leg's with hour, one more half hour, one more durablecrutchrubbertips.

quarter hourTrie Indians were camped along

Muddy Creek. This was the largest

group that Maud had seen together FREE! New catalogue showing VIRCO's complete lineat one time. Some Indian women of church and institutional folding chairs and tables.

and children were just now assemWrite today to:

bling and preparing to begin their VIRCODept. L-4MFG.P.O. BoxCORPORATION44846, Station H.domestic chores. Maud looked at Los Angeles, California

their dark, flat faces, but no one exchanged glances with her. Was

she looking for a sign of sympathy among these faces, for surely they theirmust have known men had I will Study and Get Ready.. planning that murder. Laterbeen

night she learned that Hamblin had sent for the hidden women and,/CO*C0&- children, who had been sent away safety'sfor their sake while men PREPARE NOWattacked whites the obtained and the spoils the company carried. 1 through J-foinotucUi

The sound was as the sudden high scream of a bird, but the terror was Please send a free HOME STUDY catalog to:

1 Three Mormon Classics, comp. Nibley, Preston. / Name

Stevens and Wallis, Incorporated. Salt Lake Citv. Address

1944. Jacob Hamblin, James A. Little, pp. 238City State

Send to: HOME STUDY

Adult Education and Extension Services

Brigham Young University Provo, Utah

APRIL 1960 267 real. Maud whirled to see the back pony. Maud hurried protectively watches were posted. Maud and

of the wagon. Amy, peeking from beside her, but Amy was presenting Ralph lay with Amy snuggled safely

the back flap, sun bright against the locket to the Indian. Oh, the between them. Maud could see the

her fair hair, had caught the sharp folly. There was a real diamond in distant fires of the Indians, and someeye of a pony riding Indian. The that locket! times the figure of Hamblin against

Indian had pulled Amy from the The Indian grasped the locket, the the light. But most of the evening

wagon before Ralph could get chain looking tiny and flimsy within he sat peacefully with them, listenthe wagon stopped. his dark hand. Without a word he ing to their talk, replying carefully

Maud felt as in a dream the scrape rode off. Jacob Hamblin smiled at to them, in his own way preventing

of pain as she leaped from the wagon Amy and murmured something. an outrage not one man in the comin pursuit of Amy and the Indian. pany could have lifted a finger to

Her high shoes did not prevent a halt had it in any way been precipisharp pain in her ankle, but to this tated.

she was also oblivious. Maud listened to the murmur of

The Indian held Amy on the pony the voices through the darkness.

in front of him; she was bound APRIL'S FOOTSTEPS Mama and Papa would never comagainst his painted chest by one prehend a night like this back in

arm, the other arm loosely guiding by Ethel Romig Fuller their peaceful St. Louis house with

his pony. Amy tried to cry to her its gingerbread trim. She did not

able ever be that she would knowmother, as no but she sound came gentle a presence Now exIt tell so beyond to them. was lips. hermoved Indian The watched earth, the walks more Once imagination. perience What andthe against mother the running teardrops; in her sorrow No "All night night one say? she wouldearth frantic steps. with heavy, He in mirth. her No malice death."to next I lay was much That untilwaited she to him, almost was

then with a sudden flick of his wrist Right hand frees a brook song too melodramatic. Then grimly the

that she struck her perhaps thought circled,the the pony and mother its icy bars; From opporfuture such noagain would have side of opposite on the was spices Left the Autumn stored

child.the ring her breath from Her In meadows'old brown jars, tunity.

likebeat Or if they did survive the night chest pain. in her of flames

This was fruitless, but she would "Grow,"she bids wheat kernelsand the morrow, would the memories never give up. She would chase and Fields green shimmeringly. of this trip be so painful that they

run and—Ralph's arms held her "Bloom!"she calls to orchards, would have to be buried and forto as sheshoulders struggled go And petals be. gottenrise chokinguntil theinachingher throatterror wouldat a will "Mr. Hamblinafter Amy again.

of that scent familiar her reminded forget her voice us,"Ralph's the earth, a presence walks hissed Now desert or prairie or or desert brushin ear. her earth is shaken. the And

of the wild flower? sound would Or toward Hamblin Jacob was riding the dreams, dreams, dormant Oh, the

the Indian, his eyes on the Indian's April's footsteps waken. birds or a wheel turning or the hoofface. He stopped several feet from beats of a horse send her heart

the Indian and talked to him, his ricocheting against her chest? And

voice controlled and firm. The Inwhat would she continue to see in

dian language sounded strange and the flickering firelight? She knotted

beautiful. They could have been her fists and held them against her

discussing anything save the life of Amy returned with her parents to trembling mouth. Ah, but there was

her child, Maud thought wildly. the wagon. When they asked her Amy safely asleep, her hair fanning

Maud saw Hamblin gesture briefly what Mr. Hamblin had said, Amy her shoulders. Maud had been able

at the Indian children who with their replied, "Oh, he just thanked me for to rise above her fear and go after mothers had gathered to watch the giving such a nice present."Amy, though it had been Mr. Hamsport. The Indian men waited in "How would they ever thank blin who had saved her for them.

the background. Now the Indian's Jacob Hamblin?"Maud thought to Maud relaxed and closed her eyes.

face was sullen and angry, but he herself humbly. She was tired of turning her experihad loosened his grasp on Amy, and Jacob Hamblin spent all afternoon ences painfully to the light. Why

she sat quietly before him. In a among the Indians. He conducted could she not be satisfied by simply

moment Jacob Hamblin rode over the giving of the gifts—many blandismissing Hamblin as the bravest

and carefully took the girl from him. kets, shirts, and other useful items. man any of them might ever know?

For a second the girl seemed to try He showed no fear. Why had the What was this religion that could

out her legs against the earth, and Indians not killed him and then so motivate and transform, that could then she and her parents were racing awaited the company as planned? sustain a Jacob Hamblin? What

into each other's arms. The relief on the faces of the men might such a religion be to their

"Quickly, into the wagon,"Maud in the company and their remarks lives? She reached out and touched

said harshly, but Amy stopped and told her that they had not really exAmy's curled hand. What might be

looked at the Indian still sitting on pected to find him alive. slipping through their fingers?

his pony by Jacob's side. Mr. Hamblin did not join their Maud swayed tiredly to the

"No, Mama, wait."Amy uncompany that night. He stayed with rhythm of the wagon. The company

fastened the locket about her neck. the Indians. Not many in the comwas on its way again, the night was

She walked to the Indian on the pany slept that night, and double past. Jacob Hamblin was catching

268 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA up with the company. The men

in the wagon shouted their relief in wild bursts of song to the turn of thewheels. Maud looked at the black an lose weight!

blobs of grease where the wheel turned forever on the wagon. Amy

hummed, leaning out the back of the wagon with the canvas tied back.

Ralph lifted his shoulders with newhope. They had left the Indians with SURE MEAL

behind and in the distance were Las

Vegas Springs—and California—and

home.

N Control Weight 'y Your you have When Reduce reached your Fifty Years of Scouting with sired weight, continuedeSURE MEAL to use one Sure Meal(Continued from page 228) once each this day will—

It's sure! safe and help you to maintain / a good

It calorie cuts your nutritionalADVANCEMENT balance also / and help while maintain-—

vigor In the early days of shaping the ingintakeyour and hea'th |/ youunderto control.keep the Ifintakeyou ofgaincalorieswith

program James E. West and his through proper nutrition. one Sure Meal, you can cut the

associates set in the program a proSure Meal is a scientifically calories in your ordinary meals or use two else! three or Sure a planned Meals day seriesgressive of ranks! Tenderfoot, food—nothing

for short periods bring about or slowly reduce can You Life, First Class, Star, Class,Second control when you use can to—Sure with Meal—rapidlyYou of these ranks eachand Eagle. For it usethe Sure there's Meal countno lost have you—want a you 3 times day untila badge was designed and recogniall or a substantial part of the \ ing calories—it's all done for you!y,

tion given each Scout for achieveweight you want to lose.

ment. The work of these early For best long range results use

with skim a twice day Meal Sure inpioneers has, generally scouting milk and have powdered or originally asspeaking, demilk remained each calorie meal low one other signed, an indication of careful day, until you have taken off the planning. Over the years also there 'weight you wish to lose.

have been over 100 vocational fields in which Boy Scouts might engage with suitable recognition for achievement.

also Explorers Scouts and Cub Save Money Feel \ for as planshave advancement had

Better costs less Sure Meal ordithe than individuals inthese progress made it nary replaces, at meal the and weight I no hadtheir programs. time, same you sure can the be I enbut problem,

will meal nutritiously be sound. just Meal Sure joy serving of Sure One oz.)"TO Meal PEOPLE HELP OTHER AT (% I use it's good. because

1 when with mixed of milk cup regularly TIMES"ALL breakfast it for will furnish the individual normal along drink as a sometimes and finds with part the of essential the This Scout Oath elements food to It helps meals. other with my for one complete consisting meal in daily turn theexpression good essential the with body supply my of meat, vegetables, butbread and minvitamins and elements, the of scoutfood has slogan beenwhich

ter, beverage. a and pep. for more I needed that erals the since beginning. Dailying—yougood turns have been done by the "I feel better with Sure Meal."canIf youaffordcan SUREafford MEAL!to eat

millions, some of the Scouts saving vast amounts of property, some of them saving lives. Not only have

Boy Scouts been taught to do good If you just want to try SURE MEAL, send for the 20meal size. But if you

turns daily, but they have also been trained and prepared to act in emerhave a lot of weight to lose, order the economical 40 -meal size at only $9.00,

gencies to help others. The record or the case of 6-40meal containers for only $45.00.

of service from 1910 through 1959 is truly a great story. Here are some

service projects of scouting: assistDon Lyman & Associates I may be interested in selling SURE MEAL fj

E. 9th South 1087 traffic in pedestrian controling and 3-9674 Free Delivery Phone EM

City, Salt Utah Lake in celebrationsgreat community Vanilla Chocolate Defatted Please send Q in service wars world twowar bv

Butterscotch Bland SURE MEAL Q libertyselling bonds, gathering scrap metals, scrap paper, etc.—assisting 20 Meal Size $ 4.75 Name

the American Red Cross, the military 40 Meal Size 9.00 Address

6-40 Meal Size (Case).... 45.00 D City and State

APRIL 1960 269 departments, doing truck gardening, in the Church program many adults now called Exploring. In 1928 the

assisting food production, distribuwho have been inactive. Cub ScoutChurch announced the Vanguard

tion of official government literature; ing was not established in the Church program for boys 15, 16, and 17. In

distributing up to thirty million until 1953. It has grown remarkably 1935 this was changed to the napieces at one time—conservation fast. There were 943 organized tional council's newly established

projects to conserve the natural reCub Packs in the Church on DecemExplorer program. There were in

sources, soil and water, forestry, etc. ber 31, 1959. the Church 1798 Explorer Posts as

Great civic projects engaged in are The Church has long been an of December 31, 1959. Also, at that

too numerous to list in detail. Inadvocate of the older Scout program time there were 2443 Boy Scout

dividual, troop, and post service has been a great part of scouting for fifty years.

In the anniversary year in 1960, just prior to the election, the Boy

Scouts of America will conduct a "Getthe-VoteOut"campaign by placing doorknob hangers on thirtyfive million American homes. // takes courage..

THE GREAT PARTNERSHIP by Richard L. Evans Any organization in America dealing with boys can secure the use of

the scouting program to add to their ongoing institutional program. Thus, Last week we quoted William James on faith as

scouting becomes a supplement to an essential element to the success of all ventures.

what others are trying to do with THE Now we should like to pursue a further phase of subject, beginning with some sentencestheir boys. It has been stated, "The SPOKENWORD the same

very core of this (relationship befrom Emerson who said: "Whatever you do, you

tween the sponsoring institution and need courage. Whatever course you decide upon, there is always

the Boy Scouts of America) is the someone to tell you you are wrong. There are always difficulties

recognition that each Chartered Inarising which tempt you to believe that your critics are right. To

stitution has its own aims, methods, map out a course of action and follow it to an end requires...

and procedures which they are courage..."1 There is no significant decision of life that doesn't

bound to maintain, and a further require a kind of courage, and no typical day of life that doesn't recognition of the value of scouting require a kind of courage; and certainly there is no great venture

to enrich their youth programs and in life that doesn't require courage. Sometime ago we quoted a

to help the chartered institutions to phrase to the effect that "Courage is the greatest of all the virtues.

do better the things they always Because if you haven't courage, you may not have an opportunity wanted to do with and for their to use any of the others."- It takes courage to be different. It takes

own boys and for the boys of the courage to side with someone who is being unfairly abused. It

community.. "takes courage to befriend someone who is in popular disfavor. It

The number of organizations using takes courage to advocate an impolitic or unprofitable opinion.

the scouting program has increased It takes courage to speak out in favor of an unpopular proposal, over the years until at the present or an inconvenient or unpopular principle. It takes courage to

time there are 81,030 organizations turn down a dare. It takes courage to ignore derision, even when

in America that have been issued one is right. Sometimes it takes courage to run away from an evil

charters to use the scouting program. proposal, for evil, like misery, loves company, and doesn't make

it easy for anyone to run out on it. Often it takes courage to find

SCOUTING IN THE "MORMON'the peace that comes with repenting. Pursuing anything that isn't

CHURCH easy, anything that isn't popular, anything that isn't soon successful, requires courage. The critics are often cruel, sometimes honesty,

The following is from the Golden sometimes for reasons that are other than honest. Sometimes they

Anniversary Book of Scouting: "The are right; sometimes they are wrong. But anyone who stands for

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday anything, who says anything, who does anything that amounts to

Saints—the 'Mormon'Church—estabmuch, must face the critics—and it requires courage. "Whatever

lished a that the with courage courage"1 comes—especially do, you need committee on scouting in you

.,"1913.. greater the almost equal, or coureven of right—and a conviction

The Church has made a more age—the courage to repent from wrong. Life itself, with its every

vigorous use of the Boy Scout prosignificant decision, requires courage.

gram than have most other churches.

There have been fortyseven years "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the of excellent scouting in the wards. Columbia Broadcasting System, February 14, I960. Copyright 1960.

Scouting of aspect family CubThe in the great appeal has had Church 12AnAccreditedapproximateto RalphquotationWaldo Emerson,accreditedSourceto Dr.unknown.Samuel Johnson, Original source

and has been the means of activating and exact wording unknown.

270 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA troops. The total units in the get INSURED

Church were 5184. Comparatively

this is extremely high.

An agency of the Federal Government Highest vowIN THE EARLY DAYS m#1 wjth % Of interest to the members of the

Church will be these extracts from Interest Insured Safetythe historical records of the Young m

Men's Mutual Improvement Assoyour savings received by the 10th earn from the first ciation. "Interest in Boy Scout work began in Utah during the year 1910 when the Scout movement was only two years old, and within the same year of its introduction into the UnitedStates. The General Board of the and

YMMIA at the time already had anathletic committee of the board. LOAN ASSOCIATION

It was attempting to introduce outformerly Zions Benefit Building Society door activities into the Junior Boys'33 EAST 1st SOUTHSALT LAKE CITY course of study. Athletic 'meets'ofconsiderable proportion were al4963 SOUTH STATEMURRAY

ready being held. Utah 8 Oldest Savings and Loan Association

"On March 8, 1911, the general board of the YMMIA appointed a committee, of B. composed H. RobSALT LAKE CITY'S NEWEST HOTEL OVERBenja- H. Brimhall,erts, George and

min Goddard, to investigate scouting LOOKING in the United States. This commitHISTORIC

tee reported under date of March 22, MORMON giving a review of the movement, and mn TEMPLE indicating that 'Sunday School classes M SQUARE and Priesthood quorums are named i.C

as among the organizations that Modern Coffee Shop & Dining Room Television Air Conditioned would be acceptable.'This commitDowntown Rates: Singles $5.00 up—Doubles $6.50 up Free Parking Terrace

tee rated the Scout movement very highly, but it felt that the MIA, by Teletype Reservations Accepted Collect: SU350

enlarging its outdoor activities, CLARENCE L WEST, MANAGER ipn 2'Hr could provide with boy the Mormon FREE GUEST PARKING In our new parking terrace JriT.fi nrxpnrrStxicnaa inall that the was proposed Boy

Scout movement...."

This report was unanimously adopted by the general board. Eu-

L. Roberts,gene at that time Sheaf director Years m theof physical training at Brigham BY WILLIAM A. MOODY

Young University, wrote an article i "A most interesting and informative story of distinct historical which was published in The Im-, value."

provement Era in October 1911. He |f Following arc other excerpts from letters about the book:

farmer, life merchant, as pioneer, than of moresaid in part: HK missionary"Your is one common interest."school superintendent"It is a wonand

"The Boy Scout movement has!p isderfulreallyfaithmoving.story."A "Itvaluablehas a simplicity,addition toa churchsincerityandandhomehumilitylibraries."which

bits of philosophy and on. and The I read on

to live lives."better it helpawakened an interest and is gaining ffP>- "Fascinated,inserted all through IN "YEARS wisdomTHE

firma to It will children read mature. enoble they I wish treasure, when one my foothold throughout the SHEAF"

it glorifies grips faith."stimulates the heart spirit while lives."inspirational sweet their is a "Apricelesscivilized world. as presents, use enclosed."to check its morepages, book. Send learned a your "I have lot from me six

"Utah has need of a similar orThe book depicts a happy family where love and companionship supercede mere duty.

ganization; the Mormon boy hun- $3.50 POSTPAID.

gers for something of the same kind. Order from:

But conditions in Utah are, in a way, 17 West So.UTAHTemple,PRINTINGSalt LakeCO.City 1, Utah 454WILLIAMEast So. Temple,A. MOODYApt. 205

peculiar, and demand peculiar treatfrom any book dealer or direct from author: Salt Lake City 11, Utah—Phone EM 3-7458

ment. The Boy Scout Organization

has features which do not apply to conditions in Zion, and it lacks much that is apparently needed in this lovely DRINK community. We need an organization of our own colored with our 4or Leftovers ficqo A delightful

KITCHEn CHRRm hotwho beveragedon't drinkforcoffee.those

WAXED PAPER AT YOUR GROCERS

APRIL 1960 271 own Mormon ideals and fitted to On January 8, 1913, Lyman R.

our Mormon environment."1 Martineau, chairman of the athletic

The following article written by committee, reported to the general

Dr. John H. Taylor who was foreboard that his committee had met

most on the general board in prowith Mr. Moffatt, National Secretary

pianos moting scouting in the first place is of the Boy Scouts of America, and enlightening: had discussed with him the proposal

"But the Church... needed a that the MIA Scouts become affiliBISHOPS definite,built aroundoutlinedthe likesprogramof thethatboywas atedHeberwithJ. Grantthe nationalreportedorganization.having conBefore buying any organ or piano, see one that would not only make him versed with Mr. Moffatt and of being

the world's finest musical instruments happy while following it, but build very favorably impressed with him.

available for your church. Phone or write into his life those fundamental things It was also announced in this meetfor further information. that stand for character. Realizing ing that the Reverend Mr. Jones of

this, the Boys'Committee of the Logan had reported that he had an

Summerhays Music YMMIA was asked to make a special organization of Scouts numbering 3719 So. StateAM 2-1 061 -S. L. C, Ut. study of the problem and to investitwenty-six, twentyone of whom

gate different types of the boys'orwere MIA Scouts, who had joined ganizations in other places. At this his organization to secure the badges

time the Boy Scouts of America had presented by the national organizaUse been organized about a year and tion after a national charter was their activities came to the attention granted.

Your of the committee.... In the meeting of the general

Coatof-Arms "At first the Church hesitated board February 26, 1913, the matter a record As and as about this affiliation because it was of joining the national organization thing of beauty, a these paintings hand heavy oils on not sure how far the National orof Boy Scouts was again brought up. done in

vegetable parchment make heirloom pieces. ganization would take over the B. H. Roberts spoke at length in

as bookplates, also Available richly illustrated, Family tree, rings,nowetc.availleadership of the boy. No programme favor of joining. There was minor

research. able genealogical based on your

Visit Heraldic in Salt was of sufficient importance if it in opposition to the proposal in the Booth, Antique Show, the board even yet, but board finally Lake City, relainterfered with the April 20, 21, 22, 1960. 12 C Street. any way

for brochure: Send affiliate to voted under his unanimously tionship the between and boy

Miriam Dunn Conkling Church.... these conditions: Heraldic Artist

1424 Gay lord St. Denver 6, Colorado "Our fears of losing control of the "1. That the field man, appointed

boys were soon allayed by the Scout by the general board of the YMMIA organization. In fact it went even now, Dr. John H. Taylor, or his sucfurther than the Church had dared to cessors in office, be granted a special

hope...,"2 Scout commission by the National

QUICKLY FOLD In the minutes of the general board Council, with jurisdiction over all

OR UNFOLD! there is no further work on scouting MIA Scouts, and who shall report

the National Executive Secretary B. until Seating 1911, 18, H. to October when Maximum Folding concerning said Scouts. Minimum Storage MIA distincthat suggested some Roberts

.. Tables "2. in cities That local the to Scout where given tive "be name

PERFECTIONEEREDBetter appearance, movement in the associations and cils are chartered, all MIA Scoutscounap- strength. for plying and of or promotion suggested that rewards be by asked names

Finest construction, merit, shall to subject general be said local members."the The Board finish.

of top WlitcheU durabilityworkmanship,Choice many its council with special evidently time appointed had by that board colors. materials and

Write for Folder acted favorably on the proposition Scout Commissioner; and that in all

MITCHELL MANUFACTURING CO. of accepting scouting into the proother respects MIA Scouts shall be

Dept. A-10, Milwaukee 46, Wisconsin. gram of the YMMIA. The names under immediate control and direcreferred to were handed in as foltion of the said MIA Scout Commislows: MIA Craftsman (Roberts); sioner.

MIA Rangers (Joseph F. Smith, Jr.);

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS MIA Scouts, (A. W. Ivins). After (Signed) "L. R. Martineau

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple some discussion, the name last menHyrum M. Smith

sore throat and other minor mouth tioned above was adopted. Oscar A. Kirkham

and throat irritations. The age limit for Scouts was put B. F. Grant

at twelve to eighteen years inclusive, B. S. Hincklev

of the John H. Taylor"superintendents stake

to inaugurate were instructed HALL'S REMEDY andMIA

Salt Lake City, Utah the MIA Scout movement in their These conditions were accepted by * i<-mm* I:—! *- - i -

respective stakes. the national organization, and, unof der date a letter 3, 1913, was May

effect to that from E. James Binding your Eras? Utah."1EugeneThe L.ImprovementRoberts, "TheEra, Vol.Boy XIV,Pioneers(Octoof received

send a 4c stamp for ber2John1911),H. p.Taylor,1084.The Millennial Star, Vol. 100, West, Chief Scout Executive of the

1959 index No. 19, (May 12, 1936), pp. 296-7. Boy Scouts of America. The naThe Improvement Era

50 North Main Street Salt Lake City IT, Utah 272 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA JVinnifred Jardinetional charter of the MIA Scouts of the Boy Scouts of America was issued to the general board of the Foremost in\ the

YMMIA "covering the entire Church..."3 on May 21, 1913. This date Field of Foods

becomes the official date of entry of the MIA Scouts into the national organization. According to John D. Winnifred Jardine makes hosts

Giles a local council charter was of hungry Mountain Westerners granted the YMMIA at this time to cover the entire Church. happy. Her daily recipe

On May 2, 1913, "Dr. Taylor was in the Deseret News gives mother

given a special commission as representative of the national council.... new ideas on cookery.

At the same time Oscar A. Kirkham Mrs. Jardine, herself a western

became deputy commissioner."

homemaker, has won numerous CHURCH ASSIGNMENTS awards for excellence.

The First Presidency assigned the Read "Food Is Fun"in your responsibilitv of scouting to the

YMMIA on April 13, 1913. On JanDeseret News.

uary 1, 1953 the First Presidency assigned to the Primary Association the responsibility for Cub Scouting (boys 8, 9, 10) and also the Boy

Scout program for 11 years of age.

This latter group was called the

Guide Patrol and has been a patrol of the troop, which is chartered unTHE MOUNTAIN WEST'S der the YMMIA. All Boy Scout

activities for these boys, however, have been under the direction of the

Primary. Phenomenal success has

achievedbeen by the Primary with WHEN REPUTATIONS ARE AT STAKE Patrol.the Guide

Leading Opera Stars rely on...

PRIESTHOOD SUPPORT Over the years that scouting has it prophas been in the Church,been as "THE PIANO OF SONG"leaders erly interpreted Scout by auxiliary to the Aaronic Priesthood. tveuazDoing his "duty to God"a Boy Scout

in the Mormon Church who was also a deacon or teacher should have been strengthened in his Aaronic "Knabe pianos meet so skillfully the

Priesthood program because of his precise demands of voice accompaniobligation in the scouting program ment that they have long since earned of doing his "duty to God"and being the complete and enviable appreciation faithful in his religious duties. The of our artists and management,"—

purpose of scouting in the Church RUDOLF BING, Manager for 47 years has been a supplement Metropolitan Opera to the priesthood program and should have been, if properly used, a sharp tool to help the Church "do The distinctively mellow "voice"of better things it has always wanted Knabe makes it first choice for profesto do with and for its own boys."sional, personal and institutional use

Fortyseven years of scouting in... preferred by teachers of the muthe Church, which means most of sical arts... glorious for accompanithe fifty years of scouting in Amerment to worship through music.

ica, has added strength to the effort of the Church. For information about sizes and types for every purpose,

write to Dept. ME--

3"Slory of Scouting in the Church of Jcsns

Christ of Latterday Saints."(No author indicated). The Improvement Era, Vol. XXXVIII,

(February 1935), p. 78. fm. KNABE & CO.

Proud Member of AEOLIAN AMERICAN CORPORATION

East Rochester, N. Y.

APRIL 1960 273 MEICMZEDEK3 PRIESTHOOD MSB j& m. SR

>- F V "l

Years of Renewal and Rededication

Who knows what the 1960's will bring? Priesthood will be ordained elders so they can take

Will it be war or peace? Prosperity or depression? their families to the temples and receive the eternal

Health or sickness? Life or death? blessings offered there? What can we do to increase

What will the coming decade mean to the progress the number of persons being married in the temple?

and growth of the Church? For some time now the The number of young men making themselves availChurch has been doubling in membership in less able for fulltime missionary service? And so on

than a twentyfive year period. What expansion will through all the various programs of the Church.

there be in the ten years ahead? But what is even more important than the answers

Some thirtytwo thousand convert baptisms were to any of these questions: What about the spiritual

made in the stakes and fulltime missions last year. stability and progress of each member of the Church

Can we double this annual harvest of souls by 1970? and of his family? Are we keeping faith with our

Tremendous increases have been made in recent years families? Ten years from now will our children be

in Sacrament meeting attendance, in priesthood quoactive, devoted members of the kingdom or will they rum activities, in the work of the auxiliary organizahave fallen into worldly practices and be lacking in tions. Can we do even better in the coming years? spirituality?

How many thousand senior members of the Aaronic Are we keeping the commandments ourselves and

274 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA doing all we can and should to lead our families ing under a general slogan of, "Keep Faith with Your in the same course? Are we preparing our sons for Family,"it is hoped that the facilities of all of the

missionary service, and all our children for temple organizations of the Church can be united in attemptmarriage? Are we doing the things that will gain for ing to convert and reactivate all members of those

us and our families the full blessings and benefits of families not now doing all that they should in the the priesthood? Church.

For some four years now, the Melchizedek PriestAt the stake conferences now going forward a spehood quorum activity program of the Church has cial leadership meeting is being held to present some been centered almost exclusively in the field of priestof the principles governing this reactivation program hood reactivation. Every effort has been and is being to the priesthood leaders and to the auxiliary heads.

made to get the full benefits and blessings of the priestIt is contemplated that a special message will be taken hood into the lives of all the adult brethren in the into the homes of all those who have graduated from

Church. the schools for elders and those for senior members

Objectives of this program of priesthood reactivation of the Aaronic Priesthood. Later the auxiliary orhave been and are: "1. To obtain a Church assignganizations are expected to use their enlistment faciliment for each quorum member; 2. To encourage each ties to get as many of the members of the family as

quorum member along a path of temporal and spiritual possible active in their programs.

progression until his economic wants are cared for, Also special meetings for mothers and fathers are and he is worthy to receive a temple recommend; being held in each stake this year. At these conference

S. To encourage him to be married in the temple and sessions suggestions are being made as to counseling

have his family sealed to him; and 4. To continue with and advising the members of families in a numto guide him to eternal life in the Father's kingdom."ber of vital areas. Attempts are also being made

(Melchizedek Priesthood Handbook, p. 34.) to tie the youth of the Church more securely to the

To accomplish these objectives three things in parcause of righteousness through special conference ticular have been and are being done: 1. Regular cotsessions for youth and through fireside discussions

tage meetings are held with inactive brethren and centered around the radio talks of some of the Gentheir families in which the lesson material in the eral Authorities.

standard proselyting plan of the Church is presented, It is probable that no one approach to the general plus other appropriate lesson material; 2. Organized problems of reactivation will touch all people. But

schools for senior members of the Aaronic Priesthood if priesthood and other Church officers leave no stone and their wives, and other such schools for elders unturned, if they labor—consistently, repeatedly, deand their wives, are being conducted in all parts of votedly—with their inactive brethren and sisters,

the Church; and 3. Selected brethren are assigned, there is no question but that many of these people will

on a personal missionary approach basis, to work with catch the vision of the work and become inheritors specific inactive brethren and their families with a of all the blessings of the gospel.

view to converting them and bringing to them the The 1960's—for all members of the Church who will

blessings of the gospel. devote themselves to righteousness, and who will seek

Now, beginning with the stake conferences in 1960, to walk in harmony with the standards of the gospel- a great effort is being made to use all of the programs will be years of blessing, inward peace, and spiritual of the Church for the purposes of priesthood reactivaprogression. Whatever this coming decade may hold

tion. as far as world conditions are concerned, it can be a

Experience gained in the stake missionary program period of advancement and betterment for faithful of the Church has shown that many more converts members of the Church.

are gained if the various auxiliary organizations are Are we carrying our full load and doing our full used as converting agencies; for instance, the hope of share in spreading the principles of truth both in and

real and lasting conversion to the gospel is greatly out of the Church?

enhanced if an investigator is both studying with the Shall we make the 1960's years of renewal and restake missionaries and participating in the programs dedication, years in which we shall strive more diliof the appropriate auxiliary organizations. gently to keep the commandments and bring to all

This very principle is the one that is now being apour brethren and sisters the great blessings of the plied to the priesthood reactivation program. Operatpriesthood and the gospel?

APRIL 1960 275 Aaronic Priesthood Restoration Again to Be Observed

For the one hundred and thirtyfirst time, the Church type of activity is selected, close supervision and cauprepares to commemorate the restoration of the tion in travel are mandatory. Insured public carriers,

Aaronic Priesthood in our dispensation. such as buses, are far more satisfactory than car conAlthough little publicized at the time (most of voys and should be utilized whenever possible. Cauthose who heard of it ignored it), this was one of the tion has also been given against traveling too far or

great events of the nineteenth (or any other) century. traveling on the Sabbath. The activity should in no

Each year the world becomes more aware of the sigway interfere with the Sunday duties of the Aaronic nificance of the event and of the Church with which Priesthood.

it is associated. For the Holy Priesthood, after cenThe spiritual aspect of the commemoration should

turies of absence from the earth, was once again not be overlooked. Either through the selection of an

entrusted to man. The first valid baptisms, confirmaactivity with spiritual significance, or a short talk or

tions, and ordinations of this dispensation took place discussion sometime during the day, the restoration at that time, and the restoration of the Melchizedek of the Aaronic Priesthood—and its significance in our

Priesthood followed soon after. lives today—should be duly noted.

Once again the Presiding Bishopric, with the approval of the First Presidency, has designated two Sunday, May 15 days for Churchwide observance of this event, which Once again, we have prepared a program for the took place in upper Pennsylvania May 15, 1829. The Sacrament service. Bishops are not obligated to

dates selected this year are Saturday, May 14, and follow this program in all particulars, but any adSunday, May 15. justments made should not deviate from the theme or

spirit of the occasion. This year's theme is: "The

Saturday, May 14 Aaronic Priesthood in Our Lives."

As has been the custom in the past, this day should be utilized for an activity for Aaronic Priesthood Program bearers and their leaders. Senior members of the 1. Greetings... Bishop. As President of the Aaronic

Aaronic Priesthood can participate with younger Priesthood in the ward, the bishop should preside bearers, or hold a separate function. Activities may over and conduct this service.

be held either on quorum, ward, or stake bases- 2. Opening song... High on the Mountain Top.

according to which is the most feasible under the par- 3. Opening prayer... General Secretary of the

ticular circumstances involved. Ward outings have Aaronic Priesthood under 21.

in many cases proven especially satisfactory. 4. Sacrament administration by members of the

Excursions have proved popular in the past. If this Aaronic Priesthood.

276 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Ward Teaching Supplement

In the greatest sermon ever given, Jesus told his listeners to be perfect "even as your Father which is in heaven is perfect."(Matt. 5:48.) To us this seems

(as it must have seemed to the Saviors contemporaries) impossible, unrealistic, out of our reach—even

beyond our conception. And yet this must be the goal

of every Latterday Saint. And we must seek and m$-;

cultivate those attributes which will help us obtain it.

Modesty is such an attribute.

To most of us, "modesty"means an avoidance of (1) It is a virtue in and of itself. The heroines in many

commonness, flashiness, and vulgarity in speech, manof our favorite novels are spoken of as being "becomners, and dress. Webster's dictionary is somewhat ingly modest."And this is altogether fitting, for

broader in definition, calling it an "absence of selfmodesty is becoming, and it is every bit as becoming assertion, arrogance, or presumption."But modesty is in a man as in a woman. (2) An absence of modesty

not so much the absence or avoidance of certain things can lead to serious sins. Drunkenness and immorality

as it is an expression of certain positive traits, such as are perhaps most prevalent, but they are only two of wisdom, sincerity, humility, and good taste. many. An absence of modesty can also result in very

Modesty can be recommended for two reasons: awkward and embarrassing ( Concluded on page 287

5. Talk—"The Sacrament, an Holy Ordinance"by a Aaronic Priesthood. (10 minutes.)

deacon under 21. (5 minutes.) 11. Musical number (optional).

6. Talk—"Growth Through Church Activities"by a 12. Remarks... BishopThe Aaronic Priesthood in

teacher under 21. (5 minutes.) our Lives.

7. Talk—"How Priesthood Bearers Should Keep the 13. Closing song... Praise to the Man.

Sabbath Day Holy"by a priest under 21. (5 min14. Closing prayer—A quorum adviser to the Aaronic

utes.) Priesthood under 21.

8. Musical number. Musical numbers selected should be appropriate

9. Talk—"Priesthood in the Home"by a Senior Memto the occasion.

ber of the Aaronic Priesthood. (5 minutes.) The program may be shifted to an alternate date

10. Talk—"Priesthood Is Power"by the General Sec- (either a week earlier or a week later) if stake conretary of the ward for Senior Members of the ference conflicts, but should not be omitted.

APRIL I960 277:,,:r:

Spring is in the air, and wet sponges and dust cloths are in our hands. There is something about

Today's Family the awakening of nature, after a long winter, that awakens our awareness to the soil and dirt around us in our homes. Housecleaning isn't what it used

to be in regards to having the whole house torn up at one time as if a tornado has passed through. We've

learned to take a room at a time, cleaning drawers,

Florence B. Pinnock, walls, windows, woodwork, etc., in one day. If just

Editor one pair of hands have the full job to do, it is likely those hands will be achingly tired by dinnertime.

Impulses will be sent from the brain that dinner isn't important—let the family forage for themselves. Perhaps that is one of the reasons our husbands and children hate housecleaning time. A little planning and

shopping ahead will take care of all this. Try some

iiiiiiiiniiiii

278 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of the following easy housecleaning day menus and 1 tablespoon bacon drip- 1 can cream style corn sit down to eat and relax with your family enjoying pings the satisfying thought that one more room is exquisitely

Cut weiners in V2 inch pieces. Brown weiners in

clean—happy day!

bacon drippings, add onion and green pepper. Cook

Menu #1 slowly with lid on pan but do not brown. Pour off

A Meal in Minutes (20 Minutes) drippings. Add corn and heat through. Yields 4

servings.

Pear Salad Raisin or date bread

Sherbet Menu #3 A Meal in Minutes Cottage Pie 1 pound pork sausage 1 tablespoon flour String Beans Seasoned with Onion Salt and Butter 3 tablespoons finely Vi teaspoon nutmeg Tossed Green Salad chopped onion lA teaspoon marjoram Ice Cream 4 tablespoons water Vz cup sliced ripe olives Cottage Pie (20 minutes—it can be prepared early in

1 package frozen green 1 cup commercial sour morning ready for oven) lima beans ( cooked—cream

save liquids) 1 large can Chinese nooVh. cups cubed left over V2 cup water

dles roast 2 cups leftover seasoned

Cook the frozen limas as directed on the package- 2 cans condensed mashed potatoes reserve the liquid. Place the sausage, onion, and water scotch broth

in the frying pan. Cover tightly and simmer 10 minutes. Pour off drippings. Add lima beans and liquid Combine meat, soup, and water; simmer 5 minutes.

they were cooked in, the seasonings, and ripe olives. Place in casserole. Cover with whipped potatoes. Bake

Sprinkle the flour over top and cover and simmer 5 in a 400 F. oven for 15 minutes. 6 servings.

minutes. Fold in the sour cream and heat through. Menu #4

Serve over Chinese noodles. Yields 4 or 5 servings.

Egg a la King (20 minutes—including cooking the

Menu #2 eggs.)

Speedy Corn Weiners (15 minutes) Broccoli Tomato Aspic

Sliced Orange and Avocado Salad Fruit Cocktail

Onion or Garlic Bread Carrot Sticks

Eggs a la King Jello 2 cans condensed cream 1 small can pimento finely

Speedy Corn Weiners of mushroom soup chopped 1 pound weiners 4 tablespoons chopped Vz cup milk 6 large slices of toast 3 tablespoons chopped green pepper 8 hardcooked eggsonion sliced

APRIL 1960 279.

WET or DRY? Add the milk to the soup and heat

it's local option with carefully, stirring constantly. Fold

in the eggs and pimento. Serve on

toast. 6 servings.V] RAIN BIRD

Jli SPRINKLERS Menu #5 Rain Bird sprinklers get the farm vote every time because they Casserole Sandwich offer the finest irrigation possible Tomato juice Carrot Sticks with a minimum Frozen Fruit Pie (baked and served of maintenance. hot)

Rain Birds'platform offers you Casserole Sandwich "Weather to order"1 can tuna fish and their record shows they pro- 4 tablespoons mayonnaise duce double—even triple—yields. 3 tablespoons finely minced onion You can depend on Rain Birds

—backed by 24 years of success. 12 slices of bread

There's a Rain Bird model for IV2 cups grated cheddar cheese every irrigation requirement... 3 eggs

undertree, level land, hillside.. 3 cups milk

high pressure, low pressure, etc. 1 teaspoon celery salt

REMEMBER, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce if it hasn't the name, it isn't the Va teaspoon dry mustard same! Specify RAIN BIRD!

See your Rain Bird dealer or Green peas and pimento for garnish ON BEING A LADY write for literature.

WESTERN naise,Mix andtogetheronion. theSpreadtuna,on mayon-6 slices The Real You

RAIN BIRD slices SALES of bread, cover with remaining Is for place a sweet home home Gabriel Avenue 627 No. San casseroles. fit into 6 individual and to look worst? very your and act you CALIFORNIA AZUSA,

Top with grated cheese. This much Check carefully please and see if

can be done in the morning before you would want that very special begins. housecleaning like so well, person, you to be sitting "BANQUETMASTER"until frothy, stir in invisible Later beat eggs a corner watching you THE NEW LIGHT WEIGHT

FOLDING BANQUET TABLE in milk and seasonings. Pour over at home. Would one glimpse of the Designed for today's beautiful

Churches Schools sandwiches. Let stand for half an real you make him run? Why be

Cafes Private Homes hour. Bake at 350 F. for about 30 rude and thoughtless to those you

minutes until puffy and brown. love the most—your family? Would

Garnish with green peas and piyour brothers and sisters choose you mento. Serve hot. for a friend if you weren't born their

sister? Do they accept you just because of the accident of birth rather

Made in the West by than for your kindness, courtesy,

Bancompare you buy, BISHOPS—L.D.S. workmen.Before

material of y for quality quetmasters and HOUSEHOLD HELPS andLoveunselfishness?at home is soul satisfying.

Write design. beauty of workmanship,

prices brochure with descriptive for and Payment for Household Helps used will Take a good look at you in this picdiscounts. publication. dollar In one upon be the ture. to the happiness add you Do Satisfaction Guaranteed are subidea with that the event same two

inspection. sent for table your Sample of those around you? you conDo will earlier mitted, the postmarked one collect 2-6601. telephone Write or JA sider sisters brothers your and and ideas of the dollar. receive the can None

D. H. LOOSLI in their right people returned, but each will receive careful parents own CO., INC. be

Idaho Falls, Idaho consideration. deserving as such? to be treated The

real you begins at home. Surprise

When I dry clothes inside during stormy your family by being courteous and

I hangers clothes weather, hang on them FOR - WRITE NOW AVAILABLE all understanding of them under indoor hanging on them before my

LISTING OF COMPLETE line. circumstances. those litRemember J?jpi]JH] faster so but only more dry many They not

Mormon Tabernacle Choir Records can also be dried at a time.—Mrs. R. E. L., tle words "thank you"and "if you

CENTRE RECORD counonce said man when A wise 47 South Main marriage, Salt Lake City, Utah When rolling out cookie dough, use seling young about men ZCMIColumbia Recordings Pineville, Missouri. please."

powdered sugar instead of flour on the "Notice how your girl treats her too. in it, cutter the cookie dip and in family, her catch her unaware

better, the cookies look dough and SWEET ONION table,The dating neatness if her and home, see it as doesn't get rerolled heavy, to be PLANT ASSORTMENT sometimes does from the added flour. politeness carry into her home life.

Approximately 500 Plants—Mrs. A. N., Casper, Wyoming. Get acquainted with her mother. If $2 Postpaid—Fresh from

TEXAS PLANT COMPANY FARMERSVILLE, TEXAS "Home of the Sweet Onion"280 THE IMPROVEMENT EUA Gold Ribbon Winner at Oregon State Fair suggests you make you like what you see in her, it is good because her daughter will be Golden Apricot Squares a great deal like her someday."

"It's topped with apricot jam and slivered almonds and bursting with the wonderful flavor 1. Am I "sloppy"around the house? only yeast can give,"says Mrs. Don

2. Do I expect more than my share Hood, winner of the new Gold Ribbon

of the family income? for the best yeast baking at Oregon's

State Fair. "And so easy to make.

3. When I have my choice, do I Just mix and spoon—it rises in

always take the biggest and the the pan. And use Fleischmann's

best? Active Dry Yeast. It's so fast rising

and dependable... most of us prize-

4. Do I run around the house halfWinning cooks wouldn't take any other.

dressed? 5. Do I use the telephone more than

my share of the time? / GOLDEN APRICOT SQUARES

6. Do I treat the family bathroom FILLING DOUGH

as mine alone? Vz cup (1 stick) Blue Bonnet Margarine 1 package Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast

!/4 cup sugar 14 cup warm (not hot) water

7. in the cup Blue Bonnet Margarine my belongings Do I leave slivered blanched almonds 1/2 cup %

1/2 cup sugar apricot 1/2 jam cup after I bathe? bathroom

1 tablespoon grated lemon rind 3 eggs 8. I to out expect Mother wash 14 milk Do cup gently in saucepan, ingredients cook Combine

sifted enriched 3 flour cups hose? my cool. often. Stir Let minutes. 5

salt teaspoon V2 9. I ignore In comes bowl mixing he in water. yeast Dissolve when Dad Do

white. Cover. Let with beaten egg Brush sugar, and gradually add margarine, cream from work? home in bulk, until rise in doubled place warm mixture yeast and Stir in together. cream

1 about hour. 375F. (mod.) family I Bake at10. about from borrow my Do blended. until ingredients. Beat remaining

minutes. 30 asking? without remaining Spread dough. Reserve cup V2

with Cover pan. 9-inch greased in 9 x dough11. Do I enter bedrooms without

14 with reserved dough filling. Work V2 CU P knocking?

pliable. until and flour smooth additional cup

12. Do I leave loose hair and powder Roll into 12inch square. Cut into 1/2-inch

in the wash basin? strips. Arrange lattice fashion over filling.

13. Am I sensitive to the feelings.ANOTHER FINE PRODUCT OF STANDARD BRANDS INCORPORATED.

of those around me?

14. Am I quiet when others are

sleeping? 15. Do I do my share of the houseYOUR HOME...

work without grumbling?

... 16. Am I kind to my little brothers EN YOUR CHAPEL

and sisters?

17. Am I on time for meals?

18. Do I get in from dates on time?

19. Do I respect the privacy of

others? 20. Do I treat other members of my

family as I expect them to treat me?

How is your score? The first

twelve questions should be answered with a no and the next eight questions with a yes.

APRIL PRATT & LAMBERT by Lora M. Conant

April is capricious—very,

Not as staid as January, Countless homes in the area and many of our most beautifully decorated

Just a foolish, silly time L.D.S. Chapels are finished inside and out with the finest—Pratt &

When Dame Nature changes rhyme; Lambert paints and varnishes.

First a waltz then and quadrilleSALT LAKE GLASS & PAINT CO. still.Tears sun but April and

"Decorating Center of the Intermountain Area"330 East 4th South Salt Lake City, Utah—See your local Pratt & Lambert dealer—

APRIL I960 281 RIGHT AT THE CENTER of the Fragrance and Flavor SCENICCENTER OF AMERICA from Your Garden"

by Lucille J. Goodyear

In search of beauty, fragrance, and salads, tomato, egg, and cheese flavor in your garden? Plant an dishes. Unusual flavor and very

herb garden for pleasing dividends. fragrant.

Herbs include all the plants that Culture: Easily grown from seed.

at some time in their long history Bapid grower. If much of the plant

were useful for seasoning, medicinal is cut during the season, fertilize to purposes, and fragrance, plants that encourage new growth. Likes full

require very little care... and give sun and moisture.

so much in return. Beautiful while CHIVE: ( allium schoenoprasum )

growing, graceful and fragrant in Perennial. Grows to one foot. Foliage

floral arrangements, a spicy, aromatic is compact, grasslike; bears small

Convenient downtown loflavor addition to cookery, and can lavender flowers which should be cation... across the street also be used for ornamental purposes removed so plant will continue to

Ft he west is the Temple in the garden. It is true that today grow fresh leaves.

Grounds... to the south herbs are being used more and more Use: Has mild onion flavor; fresh

is the shopping district... in everyday cookery as cooks disleaves valuable as seasoning in saland to the east are the cover that the addition of a few herbs ads, sauces, cottage cheese, soups,

Church offices. can make all the difference between and omelets.

justordinary.., and tasty, delicious Culture: Grown from seed, or plants

Comfortable, air conditfood. purchased at nursery. Divide clumps

ioned rooms. Herbs can be grown successfully every two or three years. Ordinary

Superb food in your choice in any average soil. Prepare soil for soil, if ample moisture is provided.

of two dining rooms. their planting as one would for the Needs some shade where hot sumplanting of most plants. Never allow mers prevail. Can also be grown

200car underherb plants to become completely potted indoors.

ground garage dried out. They require the same DILL: (anethum graveolens) Anadjacent to lobby. amount of watering as do other annual. Grows to 3-4 feet. Tall,

nuals in the garden. Most herbs slender habit with lacy, bright green

like sunlight and with a few excepleaves; bears yellowgreen flower

tions will grow equally well in shady heads.

fragrant areas. very Use: Leaves when

in salads, fresh on Use Most herbs do not transplant succrushed. *'*<r '- tir1'r-

cessfully. After sowing, tamp soil meats and poultry, gravies, dressings,

firmly, and keep moist. Keep plants and in vinegars. Dried leaves can

JE5 1 thinned to allow ample room for be used in the same manner but not the growing size of the mature plants. quite as pungent. Seeds (after dryWrite for reservations or The following are but a few of ing) are also used for flavoring.

phone DAvis 8-91 14 the many varied herbs one can Culture: Grow in background. Thin

choose from in a seed catalog or plants to about 18 inches apart. Will

Max Dean. Manager plant nursery. reseed itself.

ANISE: (pimpinella anisum) AnGABLIC: (allium sativum) Perennual. Grows to two feet. Has delinial. Grows to one foot. Besembles

cate, brightgreen foliage, tiny white onion in growth and appearance.

flowers. Use: Bulbs are used for flavoring

Use: Fresh leaves add flavor to in salad dressings, meat, fish, and

salads and fish sauces. The dried poultry dishes. Has strong flavor,

seed can be used in cakes, cookies, so use sparingly. Fresh green tops FILMS! and herb breads. can be used chopped fine in the

DEVELOPED & PRINTED Culture: Grows readily from seed. same manner.

Cut back when plant becomes wild Culture: Start from seed, or plant

looking. bulbs, base downward to depth of

BASIL, SWEET BASIL: (ocimum 1 to 2 inches. Like onions, harvest

Exposure Send Coin Onlv basilicum) Annual. Grows low, 3-4 when tops begin to turn yellow..—No C.O.D.s inches. (lavendula) Although LAVENDEB: Copic PHOTOS seasoning, it is a not used as a food Use: One of the bestliked herbs. r GENEALOGYLeaves are used fresh or dried in wonderful addition to any herb

PHOTO

282 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA garden. The following are two of "The Toast of the Town'

the most popular varieties:

English Lavender: (lavendula ofmade with

ficinalis) Perennial. Grows to 3-6

feet. Has graygreen leaves. Light

lavender flowers grow on spikes andbloom in summer. TABLE QUEEN

(Lavendula Lavender: French of course?

Perennial. to 3-4—dentata) Grows

feet. Bright green leaves, serrated

on edges. Short spikes of purple

flowers. Remarkable for its everblooming performance.

Use: Both varieties can be used as

informal hedges or background color, on banks, planted with roses; along

drives and fences. Dry spikes of Tastes better—toasts

blooms in bunches. When dried, better—because Table Queen

strip off the flowers for use in has a smooth, even texture.

sachets to lend a delightful fragrance Try a loaf today—see how good

to linens and clothing. bread can be.

MARJORAM: (marjorana hortensis) ROYAL BAKING COMPANY, SAIT IAKE AND OGDEN

Perennial (to be treated as annual in colder areas.) Grows to 2 feet.

Has erect upright growth of graygreen leaves, bears white flowers in compact clusters. Many varieties

to choose from. The plant known as Reminds you of fresh country cream

OREGANO ( Spanish for Wild Marjoram) belongs to this same class...that good Morniny Milk

Use-. Very fragrant. Used in salads,

casseroles, meat and fish dishes, Extra rich in flavor... extra smooth in texture.

soups, and dressings. Leaves can Keeps sweet and delicious indefinitely in the

be used fresh or dried. All types

make most attractive bedding plants. unopened can. Guarantees superior cooking

Culture: Grow readilv from seed, results.

cuttings or root divisions. Needs no

special care except for occasional So rich it whips easily when chilled cutting back.

SAGE: (salvia officinalis) Perennial.

Grows to 1824 inches. Shrubby

plant; plant producing graygreen

pointed leaves, spikes of violet flowers.

Use: Fresh or dry leaves used in

poultry and meat dishes, cottage cheese, and especially good with pork. When blended with other

herbs it has a more subtle flavor.

Considered most decorative for rock garden or wall plantings.

Culture: Start from seed, cuttings,

or root divisions. Needs well drained

soil, should be watered very moderately.

THYME: (thymus vulgaris) Perennial. Grows to 8 inches. Several

types available at nurseries or seed stores. Has low, spreading habit.

Small green leaves with lavender RENT flowers. Vacation Sleeping Trailers When you think of TRAVEL

Use: Use fresh or dried leaves as Visit Yellowstone, Utah Parks

seasonings in soups, stews, sauces, Sleep 2 to 8 persons Think of MURDOCK TRAVEL

Auto, all linen, kitchen items furnished on request.

Write to 51 North State Salt Lake City, Utah

UNITED RENTALLS DA 2-1129 2270 So. Main, Salt Lake City 15, Utah

APRIL 1960 283 meat and poultry, and in herb breads. A Half Century of Service arship, for his life of devotion to its

Also used most successfully as a production and to its dissemination, ground cover. (Continued from page 229) and for his constant encouragement

Culture: Can be started from seed, of education as the search of eternal

or root divisions. competition—a participator in athtruth, the University confers the deIn the use of these various herbs letic activity himself, and with his gree Doctor of Letters, honoris

plan your pruning and eating at the sons. causa."

same time. The larger outer leaves He carries the wings of an honorIn this eightyfourth year of his

of the chive, garlic, and parsley ary flying colonel, and loves to feel life, and upon completion of a half should be cut back to the base of the power and pace of a jet plane. century of service as an apostle of

the plant. Do not snip the tops of This is what was said of him in the Lord Jesus Christ, The Improveall the leaves at one time as this an official citation some nine years ment Era congratulates President

tends to give the plant a terrific setago when he received an honorary Joseph Fielding Smith, and wishes back in growth. The other types of Doctor of Letters degree from Brighim health and every needed blessherbs should be cut back to a node ham Young University: ing, and a full and lengthening

where new leaves or branches are "Joseph Fielding Smith, son and measure of peace and joy and conforming. Occasionally one can grandson of Prophets of God, himself tinued service.

prune all the way back if the plant a Prophet, Seer, and Revelator, and has become too broad at the base. an Apostle of Jesus Christ....

Herbs should be harvested or Known and honored for his unbendsnipped back before they come into ing devotion to the revealed word bloom ( except for herbs used in seed of God, he is also loved for his These Times form ) as their flavor is most pungent sportsmanship and skill in friendly (Continued from page 212) at this time. games. Capable of vigorous critiIf you are drying leaves, select the cism, he is also quick to extend learning. Yearto-year, handto-

most tender outer or base leaves, put counsel with others the most kindly mouth, financial planning will no them in a colander and wash several of men. longer suffice. The inadequacies of

times in running water. Set colander "From his youth he has devoted such an approach have long been

out of doors to drain off excess moishimself to the preservation of hisdemonstrated in other fields: utiliture for an hour or so. It is not tory, the forthright enunciation of ties, by families, industry, and finanrecommended to dry herbs in the scriptural teachings, and the turning cial institutions. With the exception

oven or in full sun as they tend to of the hearts of the children to their of Harvard and a few others, most turn yellow and lose their allim- fathers. Under his hand the Hisuniversity administrators now plan

portant flavor. Turn the leaves sevtorian's Office and the history of on a handto-mouth basis. The

eral times a day until completely the Church have matured together, means of implementing longrange dry. and a worldwide genealogical socifinancial, plant, equipment, staff, and

When sufficiently dry, store in ety has wrought miracles of research program needs has yet to be deglass jars with tightfitting lids. and systematic accomplishment. veloped for universities. Perhaps

Fresh herbs have a more distinct From his pen have come in steady statement of legislative interest in and stronger flavor than dried leaves. progression several books and nearly a tenyear development program, as

Use a lesser quantity than called for a score of illuminating pamphlets well as a biennial budget request, in recipes that designate dried herbs. which touch vital religious matters could stimulate approaches of great

Once the gardener starts an herb with refreshing directness and vigor. value. Financial resources of major

garden he will find his interest "As administrator of the Quorum institutions, of course, are so comgrowing, and the variety of herbs in of Twelve Apostles, he assigns to plex as to require constant attention his garden increasing. In grandnone, tasks more arduous than those to income outgo. This attention,

mother's day they had great pride he takes upon himself. As Chairman however, might benefit from appliin their herb gardens... it is time of the Executive Committee of the cation within the framework of

you found out what you have been Board of Trustees of Brigham Young views, extending beyond a single missing. University he has been its watchful term's income from student fees, or

critic and loyal friend and remains the appropriation contributed toreadily approachable notwithstandward the operation of a single fiscal ing incredibly heavy responsibilities. year.

For thirtyfour years a member of 5. There is need for reassessing

the Church Board of Education, he many internal practices in academies.

has been influential in shaping the A major university is a vast, complipolicies and programs of Latterday cated cluster of professional bodies

Saint Institutes and Seminaries and of power—from the anesthesiologists

POLLEN POLL in directing the destiny of this Unito the zoologists. The public has to

versity. be protected by professional standby Thelma Ireland "His guiding hand has kept seards. But there is no necessary concure the integrity and scriptural nection between the accumulation of

The pollinating little bee soundness of unnumbered manuals 183 quarter hours and a substantial

Is busy as a beaver. and books written for use in rebaccalaureate education. Yet, acaBut he would have a bad, bad time ligious instruction in the Church. demic life and death—for a student—

If he should get hay fever. "Upon this man of spiritual scholoften hangs on the presence in his

284 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA transcript of a certain threehour class bearing a certain magic number. And although he may have S THE CENTER OF "

or creditearned hours a dozen more \ CONVENIENCE /in field basic of knowledge, the same the body of power involved will rarely yield unless the course bearNEW AMERICAing the specified, almost magical - J-, jfcnumber, has been earned. The COOajA MOTEL

offlood 1960's in the undergraduates 320UAUTVBEAUTIFUL SAtON ROOMSSHOT in effect have a wholesomemay MAIN AT FIFTH BARBERSOUTH washing away some of this residue of educational struggle and growth.

Perhaps a liberal undergraduate curricula can be reenthroned, representing fields of knowledge more broadly and liberally conceived.

grown, As so have America has its universities. in salt lake city universities The

the 1960's need to reassess curricula in the light of fundamental purposes.

There is now, happily, less need for an education to reflect the rise to prominence, within institutions, at different times, and under varying circumstances of prosperity, of parNow ready ticular departments, courses, and practices. the 1959 Era index

6. Finally, recognition of the holiSend a 4c stamp

ness of all knowledge, not merely of

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 11, Utah

A good deed is never lost; he who -9ftOH/lO

courtesy reaps friendship,sows and FOLDKING gathers love. plants kindnesshe who NOW AT YOUR

the ancient, honored subjects, is GROCERY STORE finally about to be achieved in the universities. The classicist, formerly,

social committees,could look down with disdain on Kitchen

Directfrom- groups, attention!

orthe language English modern discounts factorv prices up HOMEPAK Churches, terms.—40% literaryprofessor. the Later, modern all Schools, and Clubs,—Lodges

organizations. - Brand to new MonOur transfer to the disdain couldmen

Folding roe FoldKing 1960emerging disciplines such as home Itanquet Tables arc unmatched for quality, convendurability, 7 MODELS. administration, businesseconomics, appearience handsome and ROLLING. SMOOTH, CALIFORNIA

sizes. and 68 Models STORAGE. ance. HANDLING, EASY education. America,and physical

in the 'sixties, after much experience SEEDLESS FREE—BIG 1960 CATALOG

trucks, table and chair chairs, line tables, Color pictures. Full

bulletin boards. partitions, 52nd portableand development, has now arrived platformrisers,at year. the point knowledge where and

inTHE MONROE CO., 249 Church St, Colfax, Iowa theirintelligence bear own, notherited, credentials. We face a fuRAISINS

ture with confidence when we realize inscription the Univerwith on the The World's Finest For your issues of the ERA Hall,sity of that Utah's Kingsbury there is one good, namely knowledge, Raisins Fabrikoid binders and one evil, namely ignorance; and Since 1890

that knowledge of the home, the $1.75

marketplace, the kinesiology of exercise, is worthy knowledge, along FRESNO with the conjugation of Greek, EngThe Improvement Era lish, or French verbs. HOME PACKING 50 North Main Street

Salt Lake City 1 1, Utah COMPANY

APRIL 1960 285 Parents; Teach Your Child he repeats the talk to you the followto Speak ing day. During the week, as he practises before brother and sister and

(Continued from page 243) the bedpost, delivery will markedly improve. the lives of George Washington, Generally speaking it is not necesAbraham Lincoln, Theodore Roosary to write the talk. In fact, a

sevelt, Thomas A. Edison, etc., written document suggests that the

demonstrate the value of honesty, words should be given in sequence dependability, courage, and faith in and encourages reading or memorizaGod. Relating experiences of the tion. A simple outline may alleviate

pioneers in making friends with the some of the fears of stage fright

Wav$t)ip in comfort Indians, in living the gospel in a and lend courage to the beginner new land, in relying upon prayer even though it may not be used.

with individual seating in time of trial, makes a talk interFor the young and inexperienced by estingThe andImprovementinformative.Era, priesthood indicated.speaker a simpleExample:beginning"TodaymayI ambe

More and more HEYWOOD- 1 manuals, Sunday School and other going to tell a story to show how places of worship''WAKEFIELD auxiliary lesson manuals, and the faith in God has influenced my life.

are featuring indibasic Church books are filled with It is a true experience of my grandvidual comfort and material which may be used in a father."

privacy with HeywoodWakefield talk. Ry adding interesting details The ending should be easy to reseating. Tastefully designed and and descriptions a few facts may be member. Example: "This story

manufactured to highest quality expanded into a story. The followshows us the value of honesty, and

standards, chairs are available with ing were found in Church publica- I pray that all of us will remember a variety of hymnal racks and aisle tions: to be honest in our dealings with

ends adapted to your specific re- 1. A railroad flagman neglected others."

quirements. Write for folder illushis responsibility when he left his trating many models. post on a cold night to spend a few Summary—Suggestions to

HEYWOODWAKEFIELD COMPANY minutes getting warm in a nearby Parents

Church Seafing Division restaurant. The engineer of a fast 1. It is important that you react

MENOMINEE, train, MICHIGAN arrived passenger ahead which positive sincere in a manner and all clear, of schedule, thought was first he child announces your when train serious wreck. there a and was

is talk. to give a

is It our that important assume we 2. asto definite a time Arrange

all at times. responsibility

sist genthe child to develop your Today Order left 2. a eggs Fresh upon were material. select eral to and theme

gasoline besaturated with rag and GRIND YOUR 3. beginning and the OWN Demonstrate

the spoiled, demonstrating came stories possible efending CEREAL and several FLOUR & fect of company. keeping bad in incidents this or sturdy which be used with may

3. of his twelve each king had A talk. the

stick to him. bring sons a They in ideas, 4. of memorization The

sticks single the to break able were MILL is WHEAT of sequence, Memorization good.

Than More they not could them but bend when talk in Sold should 12,000 the used each word tied into a bundle. There were to Date avoided. is be

ONLY strength in unity. 5. In most instances a short outline, rather than a written talk, is

indicated. $695 AssistingIt is suggestedWith Deliverythat after your 6. Keep the message relatively

POSTPAID child and you have selected the simple, usually limited to one major ANYWHERE

IN primary theme and a story or incitheme.

AMERICA dent to "put it across,"you demon- 7. Have confidence in your ability

strate how to begin. It may be well to help your child.

Mill cracks or grinds wheat, corn and all to stop after two or three sentences As you work with your child in a kinds of hard or soft grains. Grinds V/z and give your child his opportunity. team relationship, accomplishing a

pounds of flour or cereal per minute.... Anticipate that as he repeats the common objective, you will disFully guaranteed by Pehrson's. events he will use less appropriate cover that it is a pleasurable as well

SPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS words than those given by you, that as profitable experience. Your enhe will leave out some of the facts tire family will share the blessings

Please send one Wheat me Mill. Enclosed is which may seem important, that he of the preparation and delivery of a order.) or (check money $6.95

Name may make occasional grammatical short talk, which is well done.

errors. Don't be so concerned with

Address perfection that you take away his

City - initiative. Encourage the freedom He is a great observer and he looks

State of his own expression. You will be Quite through the deeds of men.

pleased with his improvement when—William Shakespeare

PEHRSON HARDWARE 2102 SOUTH 11th EAST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

286 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Your Question In this dispensation the Lord gave by the Jews and others anciently commandment that the sisters of the have no place in the kingdom of (Continued from page 225) Church should be organized, that God today. The Lord has promised

they should hold meetings, teach to all, males and females alike, the each other the gospel of the kinggift of the Holy Ghost on conditions be burned, rather than that they dom, administer to the poor, the of faithfulness, humilty, and true should be delivered to women."needy, and the distressed. They were repentance. They are required to

Therefore Jewish women were not to nurse the sick and those who study and to know the truths of the permitted to hold any public office, needed comfort. Our Relief Society gospel and to prepare themselves

to speak in any gatherings, or even came by divine revelation. This is by study, faith, and obedience to

to ask questions in any public astrue also of the Mutual Improvement all commandments to seek for light sembly. Paul was strictly conformand Primary organizations. The and truth that they may be entitled

ing to this law. foolish notions which were practised to celestial glory.

Presiding Bishopric's Page Integrity (Concluded from page 277)

situations.

by Richard L. Evans In that same great address previously referred to, the Lord described

those who are particularly blessed.

We have talked of some qualities of character assoHe mentioned the poor in spirit...

ciated with men whose names are honorably rethe peacemakers... they which are

THE membered, and last week recalled the quality of persecuted for righteousness sake

SPOKEN thirst after and... they who hunger WORD tocourage.integrity—aNow wordfor a momentwhich urgentlyor two wesuggestswould itselfturn righteousness in heart.... the pure

for consideration. The words associated with it are themselves Would those here described be willreassuring: "... the quality of being complete,... unbroken—uning to sacrifice eternal values for

impaired—moral soundness, purity, honesty, freedom from corrupttemporary pleasures? Are the viring influence or practice, strictness in the fulfillment of contracts tues they possess compatible in any

... and in the discharge of trusts."This is the quality that gives way with immodesty, with vulgarity,

assurance that, as things seem to be, they are—that an endorsement with selfassertion?

represents an honest judgment, and not merely an opinion paid for. With so much to be said for modIn a simple forthright sentence, Washington said: "I hope I shall esty, why are some still hesitant

always possess firmness and virtue enough to maintain what I about adopting it? The first answer

titles, all of consider enviable of the character honest the most an this to usualhj one hears question 1 noblest the man's added: honest Alexander—and Pope "An man."is "social pressure."pressures These

said: of education, Spencer Herbert but God.""Not work 2 And exist, but do they tempt one where

character, is man's greatest need and man's greatest safeguard."3 to lower his ideals, not his standards

"... Young Washington resolved to adhere absolutely to truth,"but his society should be reexam-

wrote Samuel Eliot Morrison, "to practice rigid honesty, to do his ined. People who are really culfull duty, to put forth his largest effort, to maintain uniform courtesy tured, gracious, and sophisticated—

and, above all, to deal justly."4 In this he may have left us our in the finest sense in which these

greatest heritage, or at least he left us an example of a quality of terms can he used—respect and honor

character we must have, if we are to preserve the heritage we have. those who live by their beliefs; even

Surely there is no greater need for our time than the need for though they might not'in every inintegrity, for being true to trust, for being assured that the whole stance share them.

face of things can be seen from the top of the table. And this isn't Usually mentioned also are "the

something that new laws or legislation will fix, or new rules or dictates of fashion."But Latterday

regulations, for ingenious men will always find ways to circumvent Saints are a free people, and recogboth laws and locks. Integrity is simply something that a man is nize no dictator—particularly no dicinside himself. It is, in a sense, the assurance that what one sees, tator as shallow and capricious as

that what something seems, that what should be, that what is said fashion. For fashions are fleeting, a

to be, is something that can be counted on, without side considerathing of the moment... what is

tions. "chic"today may be in poor taste

tomorrow. The gospel, however,

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the does not change; today's truth is

Columbia Broadcasting System, February 21, 1960. Copyright 1960. yesterday's and tomorrow's. Here, in

George Washington. the eternal scheme of things, mod2Alexander Pope, Essay on Man, IV. esty and graciousness and virtue will

3Herbert Spencer.

George Washington, by Douglas Southall Freeman. never be "out of fashion."

APRIL I960 287 The Last Word

"My, my,"Grandpa complained, "what's wrong with Statistics show that 10,000 people are killed by the younger generation?"liquor for every one that is killed by a mad dog. Yet

"The main thing, I think,"soothed Grandma, "is we shoot the dog, but license the liquor store and that too many of us don't belong to it anymore."advertise its products.

When asked if he had ever read Buck Rogers when he was a boy, Major General Joseph (Smokey) Caldara, flying safety boss of the Air Force, answered, "Yes, and I have since flown practically everything he designed."An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile, hoping

it will eat him last.

—Winston Churchill

BENJAMIN FRANKLIN: None preaches better WILSON MIZNER: Many a live wire would be a

than the ant, and she says nothing. dead one except for his connections.

"I don't want to scare you,"Johnny said to his teacher, "but if my grades don't improve, Daddy says. someone is going to get spanked."I $%. J

%<;w z#"w\ ROBERT BENCHLEY: In America there are two By the time he whispers, "We were made for each

classes of travel: firstclass and with children. other,"she's already planning alterations.

There's nothing like a good, oldfashioned, homeHold your head high, but keep your nose at a cooked meal—not in most homes at least. friendly level.

An executive is a man who can make a decision and stick to it—no matter how wrong he is. Employer: "For this job we want a responsible

man.

Applicant: "I'm the guy you're looking for. Everywhere I have worked, when something went wrong

There are two things some people never seem to they told me I was responsible."

get—all they want and all they deserve.

OLIVER HEREFORD: Diplomacy: lying in state. Retiree

I have time on my hands to do what I please, leisure for prose I have both rhyme, and organ: a wonderful brain is The FROST: ROBERT

less is, I I irony write than did It the The the starts working you get up in moment its hands on my time.morning and does not stop until you get into the When a clock had

office. -O. L. Abbott

288 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Tired of fabrics that come out of your automatic harsh and scratchy? Then you're ready for White King Soap.

For this is the washday product that removes only dirt—

even deep down dirt—yet leaves the gentle softness in.

Rinses clear, too—leaves none of the harsh deposits

of ordinary washday products that stiffen fabrics. No wonder more of

hard water problem? Try the easy White King 1-2 way. (White King

Water Softener Conditioner and White King Soap.) Softens water and saves your neighbors use White King Soap

you up to onehalf on soap. See package for directions. than all other laundry soaps combined.

"Daddy, is Suzie insured, too?"

Well, almost everybody is insured with

Beneficial's Family Benefactor Plan. One

lowcost easyto-remember premium payment protects the entire family: Dad, Mom, and

all the children... including any future

additions to the family. As your family

increases, so does your insurance—but

it costs you no more.

This popular new family package will fit your needs whether you're just starting in the family business—or already have a houseful.

Is this the life insurance plan for you? It's easy

to find out. Just ask your Beneficial Life

agent for details... or mail the

convenient coupon below.

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO. DEPT. E 460

Beneficial Life Building, Salt Lake City, UtahPlease tell me more about BeneficiaVs unique Family Benefactor BENEFICIAL LIFE

Plan that will insure my entire family. f/tiufomce

Name Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

Street or RFD.

City Zone. State.