In this Counsel from h Issue:j

the Church jjrThe Era Asks Seven Questions of n - -''- T Latterday Saints in Congress g*The the Compartmentalized SaintPart? October 1967

"f

.Jfc

"Wijlifiliiiitiin n \

. x

..:%

THIS BEAUTIFUL

lilysego floral arrangem

only $000postage prepaid With 6 Sego Milk Labels

In full natural color—so lifelike

they look as though they were just picked from the foothills of Utah.

This beautiful arrangement includes 8 sego lily flowers, on four stems, plus decorative greenery and an attractive gold bowl with a styrofoam insert to hold the flowers.

A $4.00 retail value, they are

yours for only $2.00, plus 10c

for handling, and 6 Sego Evaporated Milk Labels.

Send to: Sego Milk, P.O. Box 934,

Salt Lake City, Utah 84110.

Wild flower lovers roaming Utah's foothills each May find few sights as rewarding as the delicate beauty of the sego lily, a member of the mariposa tulip branch of the lily family. It

grew in some profusion when the Mormon pioneers arrived in 1847, and has long been sacred in legends of the Shoshonian Indians who named it sego (seego) and who believed its edible bulbous root an answer to prayers to the Great Spirit in time of famine.

The sego lily bulb also alleviated hunger among the pioneers in the hard early years, and ater during grasshopper plagues. The flavor was said to be rich and creamlike.

In recognition of its beauty and its place in early Utah history, the sego lily was made the official State Flower in 1911, seven years after Sego had been adopted as the name for the mountain west's first evaporated milk, the makers of which are proud to pay tribute to the sego lily with this beautiful, everlasting floral arrangement.

6VAPORA <&Jte IVIIL * - HOMMEI EVAPORA"

Note: If your store does Mil EVAPORATED not have Sego Milk, 6 PET

MILK labels will do as well. iviilK PETINCORPORATED

MILK PRODUCTS DIVISION Memo to our readers: The Voice of the Church

October 1967 What subjects have been stressed by Improvement I lrkg TheF the prophets of this dispensation in Volume 70, Number 10 their talks to members of the Church?

This is the question that was in the mind of Neil J. Flinders when he started

work on his masters thesis at Brigham Special Features

Young University some years ago. To 2 Editor's Page: To You..., President David O. McKay

find the answer he carefully read all the 4 Counsel From the Presidents of the Church, Neil J. Flinders

addresses given in general conferences 11 A View from the Hill, F. Anton Reeds

by our nine Church Presidents, pictured on the cover. From his findings, re12 Forgive Thyself, Lowell L. Bennion

corded in his thesis, "Latterday Proph18 A Great Patriot's Trust, Vincent Edwards ets and Presentday Curriculum,"he 24 The Era Asks Seven Questions of Latterday Saints in Congress wrote our cover article for this month, (Part 1) "Counsel From the Presidents of the 76 Ten Demandments of a Progressive Latterday Saint, Phyllis Murray

Church."We think it has deep meaning for every Latterday Saint. Regular Features

The portraits on the cover are repro20 LDS Scene duced in duotone from oil paintings 34, 53, 72, 74 The Spoken Word, Richard L. Evans

that hang in the Los Angeles Temple.

36 Best of Movies, Howard Pearson

The artists are: Edward T. Grigware

(Joseph Smith and Brigham Young); 54 Teaching:F. SchulzkeParable of the Compartmentalized Saint (Part 2), Ernest

Harris Weberg (John Taylor, Wilford

L. Zobell, Jr. Woodruff, and Lorenzo Snow); Alvin 60 Lest We Forget: Hurricane Ditch, Albert

Gittins (Joseph F. Smith, Heber J. 62 Genealogy: Family and Place Names in Wales and Monmouthshire

Grant, George Albert Smith, and David 66 Melchizedek Priesthood: The Most Wonderful Thing of All, Becky

0. McKay). Stuart

The "Era Asks"feature planned for 68 Presiding Bishopric's Page: Priesthood: the Responsibility to Act

this month (see page 24) turned out to 70 Today's Family: The Day Before Sunday, Florence B. Pinnock

be so interesting that it was decided 73 Home, Sweet Home to run it in two installments—October 78 The Church Moves On

and November. Church members are

82 Buffs and Rebuffs well represented in the Congress of the

United States. Fewer than one percent 84 These Times: Drugs, G. Homer Durham

of the people of the country are mem88 End of an Era bers of the Church, but nearly two percent of the members of Congress are Church members. What do these Era of Youth

elected representatives of the people 3752 Marion D. Hanks and Elaine Cannon, Editors

think about vital issues? We will find

the answer to this question in "The Fiction, Poetry

Era Asks"in this issue and the next.

We are also looking forward to the 30 A Mass of Chrysanthemums, Kay Haugaard

November issue for our special feature 10, 34, 53, 88 Poetry—colored pictures and brief biographies of 23 of the present General

Authorities.

Editor;Jr..MarionResearchD, Hanks,Editor; EraMabelof YouthJones Editor;Gabbott.ElaineJay M,Cannon,Todd, T, Sykes.L.RalphEvans.EditorialReynolds.Editors;Associates:ArtDoyleDirector;L. FlorenceGreen.NormanManagingB. Pinnock.F. Price.Editor:Today'sStaffAlbertArtist,FamilyL Zobell, EleanorDavidof 0.YouthKnowles.McKayAssociateandWilliamRichardEditor; JLt Era

F. Scott. BusinessEditors.Manager; A. Glen Snarr. Acting Business Jr..FranklinGeneralDirector;S.Manager;Harris.ThayerJr..FlorenceHughEvans,S.Nibley.Jacobsen.S, GlennSidneySmith,AssociateB. Sperry,AdvertisingGenera!Alma Manager;Representatives.A. Gardiner,Verl Contributing Managing Editor G.G,ManagerCarlosHomer andSmith.Durham.Subscription

Saints.Church Associations2 Youngyears. Men's$5,75;of TheMutual3 Churchyears,Improvement$8.25; of JesuseachChristAssociationsucceedingof Latterdayof year,The $2.50 a year,publishedcopy, inexceptadvance;by thefor ofAllyearJesusrightsaddedChristreserved.to ofthe Latterdaythree-yearSubscriptionSaints,price;price,1967.35*$3.00singleanda

Official organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations. GeneralMutualmultiplespecial issues.Improvementsubscriptions.Superintendent,

Teaching Committee, Committee. City. Salt secondclass for mailing at of Acceptance special rate as System, andHome matter. Music provided Church School postage for in section 1103,

2, LakeJuly Office.authorized Enteredact of Post1917. 1918.Utah, Octoberat the ofother agencies Christ of Latterday of Jesus Saints. The Church

for contributions. responsible for Improvement paid are Manuscripts manuscripts but welcomes on acceptance and must be

for sufficientEra return. delivery Theaccompanied by is notpostage unsolicitedand

The Improvement Era, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 Thirtychangesdays'cannotnoticebe madeis requiredunlessforthechangeold addressof address.as well Whenas theorderingnew one a ischange,included.please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address

October 1967 OU IlL/ dlC tciIIGU to work in the Church You may work week after week, and month after month, and think that the results of your services are very meager indeed, but every word, every act that sets a proper example and makes a notable impression upon youth will live throughout eternity.

You are not working in vain. You are engaged in the

noblest service in which mankind can be interested or occupied.

I say in appreciation that the willingness to serve is manifest throughout the Church, not only by those who hold positions, but also by some of the men and women who we sometimes think are indifferent, but who, if we just give them an opportunity to do some service, would answer readily, as did Samuel of old, "Speak, Lord,... for thy servant heareth."(1 Sam.

3:9, 10.) bless you all, my dear fellow workers. MayThe Editor's Page God

your influence extend to the hearts of our boys and

By President girls who seem indifferent. Give them something

David 0. McKay to do, and they will join you. May the results of

your labors be as echoes rolling from soul to soul, going forever forward.

who hold LI It UI Itvti 1UOO He is indeed blessed who feels the responsibility of representing Deity. He should feel it to such an

extent that he would be conscious of his actions and words under all conditions. No man who holds the

priesthood can be irreverent in his home and still be true to the trust given him. No man who holds the

priesthood should treat his wife disrespectfully. No

Improvement Era

man who holds the priesthood should fail with imHow may those millions who have died without a punity to ask the blessings on his food and kneel knowledge of Jesus Christ enter into the kingdom of with his children to ask for God's guidance. A home God, if a man must be born of the water and of the

is transformed because a man holds and honors Spirit in order to do so?

the priesthood. Some will say that they will be saved because they

To hold the priesthood of God by divine authority had no opportunity to be baptized. If they can be

is one of the greatest gifts that can come to a man, saved without that ordinance, then so should you and and worthiness is of first importance. Honor the I be saved without it. But if it is necessary for you

priesthood by a clean body, clean mind, and a willingand for me to obey that principle, then it is necessary ness to serve your fellowmen. Live honest, sincere for everyone. Such is the position of The Church of

lives. Be honest with yourself, honest with your Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, and it is in harmony

brethren, honest with your family, honest with those with the words of our Savior. Only in the latterday

with whom you have business. Be honest always, for temples can these saving ordinances be given for our

eyes are upon you, and the foundation of all character loved ones who no longer live in mortality.

rests upon that principle of honesty and sincerity.

Every man who holds the priesthood builds on that foundation.

who thinkyou are.rowing old

old. the ennever can feel grows The spirit You

always.who find lay in thusiasm not respond of youth body The may

LCIilL/IC WUi i\ inspirationas it did, butof life,the youspirit,maythealwaysuplift,have.the joy, the true

You demonstrate by your presence in the temples To exist is to radiate. Every individual exerts some

the belief—no, better than belief—the knowledge that influence upon someone else, from the time of birth

those who have died without having heard the gospel until he passes from the mortal stage. We are told

of Jesus Christ may have opportunity to hear and that no stream from its source flows seaward, howsoobey his principles and receive the blessings. ever lonely its course, without some land being blessed.

Nicodemus, a ruler of the Jews who knew that No star ever rose or set without having influence

Jesus was "a teacher sent of God,"came by night to somewhere. No life can be strong in its purpose or

ask him what a man must do. Jesus Christ answered: high in its purpose unless all life is also stronger and

"Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he better thereby.

cannot enter into the kingdom of God."(John 3:5.) God bless you that you may realize this and so live

I ask you, brothers and sisters, and I ask the world: that you may always be happy and young in spirit.

O

October 1967 Counsel From the Presidents of the Church

By Neil J. Flinders

/fr**<-/L.

During the past 137 years the people of the earth our faith talked about it as a strange thing."

have been blessed with nine living Prophets, men This conference at which "about eighty officials, called of God who, each in turn, have held the keys together with some unofficial members of the Church, and powers appertaining to the administration of the met for instruction and the service of God, at the kingdom of God upon this earth. In consequence of Ferry on Big Blue river near the western limits of

the office and authority bestowed upon these men, Jackson County,"1 was apparently the birth of the they have served as channels through which our tradition for holding an annual conference of The

Heavenly Father has offered counsel and direction Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints in the to his children. month of April.

This article contains a cumulative summary of The Prophet preached about "the solemnities of major themes stressed by the Presidents of the eternity"that day, including in his remarks many of

Church as they appear in their addresses delivered the themes stressed by all the prophets since then.

at the annual general conferences. The writer recogIndeed, the themes of the Prophet Joseph Smith have

nizes there are limitations inherent in historical been the themes of the Church for 137 years.

research of this type but feels that the inspiration and The purpose of this annual conference is further insights that come from such information justify its defined and clearly expressed in the words of Presipresentation. dent David O. McKay:

It is hoped that the material that is given here "Every sixth day of April, General Authorities, offiwill strengthen testimonies and reinforce convictions cers, and members of the Church meet in general that God lives and through his Son guides and directs conference to hear reports of the progress of the his children. Church, sustain officers, consider matters pertaining

The Journal History of the Church, written by the to the restored gospel, and take such action as the

Prophet Joseph Smith, under the date April 6, 1833, official representatives of the Church may deem necescontains the following comment: "This was the first sary and helpful."2

attempt made by the Church to celebrate the anniThese annual conferences of the Church are of versary of her birthday and those who professed not special significance. In addition to their being held

Improvement Era

J jfrnsij "? "0m & mn--

on the anniversary date of the organization of the table showing the theme and the number of times it

Church, they have also developed a pattern wherein appeared are as follows:

the President, Prophet, Seer, and Revelator presents Rank No. of

a keynote message to the people. It is not uncommon Order Theme Times

rolling forth of the development,that this address sets the theme for many of the 1 Growth, - 48 Kingdom of God speakers who participate. 2 Gratitude. 47

With such a historical setting and practice as justifi- 3 PersonalIndustriousnesspreparation 33 cation, it is easy to conclude that these messages Selfimprovement contain significant and lasting values. It is the writer's Independence

Development of character opinion that the accumulated information from these 4 Service 32 annual discourses, spanning a period of history from SacrificeDiligence 1833 until 1962, clearly indicates the wisdom and Duty concern of our Father in heaven as he helps his ResponsibilityDedication children discover the important things in life. The 5 Obedience 28

themes of these discourses reflect a purposive patternKeep the commandments

Righteousness one that stresses the things that matter most in terms Support Church leaders of human welfare in this life as well as in the life Responsibility 6 25 Prayer—spiritualityto come. 7 God, not man, is in control of this earth

and his Church 25 The findings of the study on which this article is organization, 8 Church policy, and procedure based revealed 55 separate themes in the discourses (instruction and direction) 23 of the presidents in their annual conference addresses 9 Economics 21 from the year 1833 to 1962. 3 Some of these themes WelfareUnited Orderprograms

appeared and reappeared over the years. The one Debt

19appearing most often was treated 48 times. Other 10 Parents—ChildrenRelationships

themes had ranking numbers from 47 appearances Family

Hometo a single treatment. The first 13 categories in the Responsibilities—

October 1967

'/-iSV—

11 Brotherly love:.... 19 F. Smith stressed the silent, leavenlike characteristics

Kindness of God's work when he said: Forgiveness

Courtesy "The hand of the Lord may not be visible to all.

12 Nature of man 18 There may be many who can not discern the workings relations Human

Sacredness of individual of God's will in the progress and development of this

Eternal existence great latterday work, but there are those who see Free agency 13 Salvation 18 in every hour and in every moment of the existence process Gradual Involves faith and works of the Church, from its beginning until now, the overTrust in God ruling, almighty hand of Him who sent His only be-..."5Note: Other categories, such as missionary work, tithing, gotten Son to the world.

Word of Wisdom, unity, and many other items, appear On April 6, 1852, President Brigham Young reflected in included are not the the Presidents but themes of often. on the power and destiny of the Lord's work in these in this less discussion treated because they were

words The theme ranked first is the concept of the pro- "We have assembled together in this comfortable gressive and dynamic nature of God's kingdom. and commodious building in peace, and are we not

From a modest beginning, the Church has rolled led to exclaim who could have fathomed, who could forth in fulfillment of its mission to prepare this earth have understood the ways of the Lord, which are and its inhabitants to be ruled as a kingdom by the higher than man's ways, as heaven is higher thar the

Savior. President George Albert Smith noted the earth? We can now calmly reflect upon the experismall beginning of God's latterday work in these ence of our past lives, and those minds that are open

words to receive light and truth, that can behold the mani- "There were but a few people in the room when festations of the Lord, can at once see that He has the Church was organized, and they were not very done that which we could not have accomplished by popular."4 our own power, and that directly behind (to all

This rather humble origin was backed by a power human appearance ) a frowning Providence oftentimes destined to overcome all obstacles. President Joseph are concealed the greatest blessings that mankind can

Improvement Era

by such a great and marvelous work.

It is a common teaching in the social sciences that one of man's basic needs is to feel part of some great cause—great in his own eyes, at least. Harry S. Broudy

states it this way in his book, Building a Philosophy of Education:

"Physical wellbeing and love, however, are not enough. The person has to feel that he counts for

something and that he deserves to. He needs a sense

of power and accomplishment; he needs the conviction that his presence makes a difference in the

world....

"Finally, to be judged as good or satisfactory, life has to have a tension toward the future."7

This first theme is an invitation to man to become part of, or reminds him he is part of, a cause great enough to equal all that his imagination could demand.

The second theme is gratitude. If there is any

one element essential to spiritual development and temporal happiness, it is the inner feeling of appreciation. Without this capacity to appreciate the things

around him, man cannot even enjoy physical pleasure.

Appreciation or gratitude is a component part of all satisfaction. It is also a prerequisite to humility. The

doorway to spiritual consciousness is opened by this principle. The prophets have been diligent in urging

the members of the Church to accept happiness into their lives by cultivating the characteristic of gratidesire. It teaches us to trust in the Lord, to have tude in their hearts.

confidence in our God. It teaches us absolutely that President David O. McKay stressed the importance

we need never undertake to guide the ship of Zion, of this principle to the youth of the Church in these or dictate, by our own wisdom, to the kingdom of words

God on the earth. It teaches us definitely and em- "If our young people will have this faith [in God],

phatically that the Lord Almighty can do His own and so approach the Lord, there are at least four work, and no power of man can stay the potency of great blessings which will come to them here and

His wonderworking hand. Men may presume to now. The first is Gratitude. Their souls will be

dictate to the Lord; they come to naught, but His filled with thanksgiving for what God has done for

work moves steadily forward.... When the Lord them. They will find themselves rich in favors beworks, no man can hinder, while those who feel willstowed. The young man who closes the door behind

ing to hearken to His words work with Him; and when him, who draws the curtains, and there in silence

He says, 'Be still,'they are subject;... when He pleads with God for help, should first pour out his

directs, they are willing to do His commandments, He soul in gratitude for health, for friends, for loved ones, bestows blessings on their labors, His work prospers for the gospel, for the manifestations of God's exin their hands, His kingdom moves onward with a istence. He should first count his many blessings and

steady and unwavering progress, the honest in heart name them one by one."8

are blessed, and the whole is in a state of continual Third among the themes is listed personal preparaand rapid increase. Then let the world and the tion through industriousness, selfimprovement, indeenemies of Christ and His kingdom that are upon pendence, and development of character. A person

earth and in hell, do their worst, it matters not, the must, in one sense, be involved with himself in order work of the Lord is still onward and prosperous in to be involved with a great cause beyond himself. It

His hands."is true that man's greatest achievement comes when

What a great symbol the Lord offers man when he he applies himself toward something that is beyond offers him opportunity for membership in an organizahimself, but the effectiveness of an individual's eftion that is characterized by such mighty dimensions—forts toward things beyond himself is determined by

October 1967 previous introspection and development. A person

must discover and develop those qualities and powers that are within himself that he can apply to that which is beyond himself. Proper selfanalysis prompts

preparation, correction, and personal development.

President Brigham Young crystallized this responsibility of preparation in these words:

"It is the duty of a Saint of God to gain all the influence he can on this earth, and to use every particle of that influence to do good. If this is not his

duty, I do not understand what the duty of man is."9

The plea of the prophets is for man to prepare himself so that he is capable of rendering service.

And the principle of service, the actual application of preparation, is the theme emphasized fourth most often by the prophets in their conference addresses.

President Lorenzo Snow declared the nobility of service when he said:

"We should have before us a strong desire to do good to others. Never mind so much about ourselves.

Good will come to us all right if we keep our minds outside of ourselves to a certain extent, and try to make others happier and draw them a little nearer to the Lord. We have been sent into the world to do

good to others; and in doing good to others we do

good to ourselves."10

Soon after the Saints were established in the Rocky

Mountains, President Brigham Young counseled them concerning the cause of dissatisfaction in their lives. within those who are the recipients of service.

Service beyond self was the remedy he proposed. Obedience, the fifth theme, is an essential in every

"When men are oppressed, it is in their own hearts phase of existence. Order, or control, is a fundaand feelings: it is not because oppression comes upon mental prerequisite to progress and peace. It is a

them from any other quarter, that they are dissatisfied. necessary element in all mutual relationships. It gives

They are not satisfied with themselves—that is the strength to an individual and cohesiveness to an ortrouble. They may go to the States, to California, or ganization. Obedience constitutes the touchstone

anywhere else, and they will not be satisfied; but they whereby the Saints of God can be identified. Presiwill always be dissatisfied, until they can leave themdent Brigham Young commented that "a man might

selves behind. But as long as they must take themhave visions, the angels of God might administer to

selves with them, they will never be without the him, he might have revelations, and see as many cause of their dissatisfaction. They ought to have visions as you could count; he might have the heavens

left self behind them when they started to come here, opened to him, and see the finger of the Lord, and and have come with a view to build up the Kingdom all this would not make him the President of the of God. All those who have come to these valleys Church, or an Elder, a High Priest, an Apostle; neither

with such feelings are satisfied. They have always would it prove that he was even a Saint.... If you

been satisfied, and always will remain satisfied so ask me what will prove a man or woman to be a long as they retain that good intention and do not Saint, I will answer the question. If you love me, says

again bring back self."11 Jesus, you will keep my sayings. That is the touchService not only develops the individual; it also stone. If you love the Lord Jesus Christ, and the

strengthens the organization. People who serve Father, you will keep the commandments of the Son—

others become "magnetic missionaries,"drawing their you will do his will."12

associates toward that cause which they represent. Ranked sixth among the Presidents'themes is the

They become a source of recruitment that tends to call for spirituality. Prayer and spiritual sensitivity

strengthen the organization and make it selfsustain- constitute the communion that nourishes inner growth ing. Service also tends to stimulate an inner obligation by actually exercising the intangible existence of

8 Improvement Era Illustrated by Dale Kilbourn

man. It is the source of spiritual, emotional, and, to is in control of this earth and his Church. Once

some extent, physical rehabilitation—a type of mediinternalized, this concept brings the greatest security

cine, both preventative and corrective. President Wilman can possess in this life. Although complete seford Woodruff repeatedly stressed the need for curity does not exist in this temporal order, such a

individuals to seek the guidance of the Spirit in their concept as this one proposed by the Presidents prolives. The Presidents have been aware, however, of vides a very close substitute.

the opportunity for deception to occur in the spiritual The eighth theme deals with Church organization, aspects of man's experience. They caution against policy, and procedure. This indicates a need for

entanglements with such counterfeits of spirituality as leadership and direction. People have always needed

spiritualism. President Heber J. Grant indicated: guidance in establishing goals and objectives. Here

"The fruits of the Gospel of Jesus Christ are health it becomes an inherent part of the basic appeal the and vigor of body and of mind and of spirit, and the prophets have made to those over whom they preside.

fruits of spiritualism are insanity and suicide."13 It is interesting to recognize the manner in which the

And President Joseph F. Smith colorfully warned Presidents have viewed the growth and development

of the dangers that occur when one loses the balance of the Church organization. With unwavering faith,

and perspective that come with true spirituality: they know the direction the Church is traveling, while

"... every once in a while you come across an indiat the same time they admit the naturalness of its

vidual who is all onesided, who can only see out of growth. The process of growth sometimes causes

one eye and out of a very small corner of one eye, errors in administrative functions. In the words of

too, who is not capable of comprehending more than President Joseph F. Smith:

one thing at a time, who selects a certain little hobby—"We have passed through the stages of infancy and

a certain idea, a single thought, and straddles that of irresponsible childhood, and are indeed approachidea and that single thought and commences to ride ing the condition of manhood and womanhood in our it, and it is impossible to unhorse him from his experience in the Gospel of Jesus Christ... "15

hobby...."This comment on the growth of the Church as an

Theme number seven states that God, not man, institution indicates that some things are learned from

October 1967 experience and that mistakes that occur in the growth The prophets have appealed to man in a most basic process are primarily the result of a lack of underand functional way. The leading categories in this

standing what is required. President Lorenzo Snow study reflect an organization of religious subject matter

deals with the issue clearly and squarely: that inspires the individual to action. Man is invited

"It has been so with the Church. Our errors have to develop an immediate, personal relationship with

generally arisen from a lack of comprehending what a great cause that comprehends, yet transcends, man's the Lord required us to do."1G current scope of knowledge and existence. It is deThis same review of the categories could be carried clared, however, that this calling must be leavened

on with succeeding themes, such as economics, parentwith humility—humility that is gained through the

childhome relations, and brotherly love. Concerning cultivation of gratitude.

brotherly love, for example, President Joseph F. Smith The concept of personal preparation is emphasized

suggested that we "look for good in men, and where and encouraged as essential to the meaningful life.

they fail to possess it try to build it up in them; try The pathway to personal success is suggested in the

to increase the good in them; look for the good; build declaration that man must channel his energies into

up the good; sustain the good; and speak as little service beyond himself if he is to be at peace with

about the evil as you possibly can."17 himself. The need for order, wisdom, and control

And President Young, with great insight, advised: is made clear, and man is directed to seek for and

"There is one principle I wish to urge upon the Saints rely upon greater powers than his own. A provision

in a way that it may remain with them—that is, to for direction, explanation, and guidance is made

understand men and women as they are, and not unapparent. Rewards that are attainable step by step, yet

derstand them as you are.... There is an endless which in their full magnitude may become incomprevariety, and I wish you to understand men and women hensible to mortal man, are alluded to as incentives

as they are, and not to judge your brother, your sisfor action. The joy of family life and the expansiveter, your family, or anyone, only from the intention. ness of brotherly love are clearly defined. The hand

When you know the intention of the act performed, of our allwise and everloving Father manifests itself you will then know how to judge the act."13 through the work of his Son and the chosen vessels

Truly the Presidents of the Church have sought of the Lord in these latter days—the Presidents of

the hearts of men rather than just their minds by offerThe Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. O

ing an appealing membership in a cause that reinFOOTNOTES forces the individual against the skeptical, unconfident 'Documentary History of the Church, Vol. 1, pp. 33637.

aspect of human nature. The suggestion seems to be:!NeilThe ImprovementJ. Flinders, LatterdayEra, June 1961,Prophetsp. 388.and Presentday Curriculum"

(unpublished master's thesis, Brigham Young University, 1962).

that one comes to understand God more by becoming 4fhe Improvement Era, May 1948, p. 268.

"Conference Report, April 1904, p. 2.

a part of his work and associating with him in his work "Journal of Discourses, Vol. 1, p. 198.

than by a rational study, as is commonly understood. Cliffs,'HarryNewS. Jersey:"Broudy,PrenticeBuildingHall,a PhilosophyInc., 1960),of p.Education38. (Englewood

Someone has said that it is easier to act yourself into *The"JD, Vol.Improvement12, p. 376.Era, June 1961, p. 390.

CR. April 1899, p. 2.

6, p. 328. 13334.a new way of thinking than it is to think yourself nJD,V-JD, Vol.Vol. 1, pp.

April 14. 1:iCR, p. 1934,into a new way of acting. This line of thought indi-

4. April 14CR, p. 1905,

April 2. p. 1909,cates that one will accept Jesus for what he is, the >'CR,

2. CR, April p. 1900,

p. 81.Savior, by developing an appreciation for him. And i"Cfi,'"/D, Vol.April 8,1913,p. 37.

this appreciation will come best, according to the

Presidents, by experiencing the things Christ exNeil Flinders, a consistent contributor to Church periodicals, is presently pursuing a doctorate at Brigham perienced: identification with his Father's work, perYoung University and based this article on his

sonal preparation, service, dedication, obedience, master's thesis, "Latterday Prophets and Presentday

Curriculum."

gratitude, and so forth.

Wornout Shoes

By Colen H. Sweeten, Jr.

They skuff through a field of newmown hay, Shoes, dug in the grit when a race commences,

And kick the bales on a sunny day. Slide on the toes through countless fences.

They follow a plow in the furrow cool, They wade in the mud to catch a frog,

Or chase a cat on the way to school. Fanned dry by the tail of a friendly dog.

The things a growing boy must do Wornout shoes are a thing admired,

Would make a hole in the toughest shoe. Beside the bed of a boy so tired.

10 Improvement Era Each of us had returned that day that all our talk of horsepower and to all the beauty of God's world.

from a rather long business trip. At mileage had never elicited. I have asked myself a series of ques-

a luncheon counter we began to talk I remembered the view. I suddenly tions. I am ashamed of the answers,

of our trips. Not of scenery nor of recalled that there is a view quite as but they are questions, I believe, that

beauty along the way. No, we talked wonderful from the new highway as it badly need asking. Try them. Ask

mostly of miles per hour and miles swoops down into town from the north. yourself these simple questions:

per gallon, of highways and detours, I could not remember ever having How vividly can I remember the and of roadside restaurants. mentioned that view or ever having people I met today (not just as figures

We talked of cars and motors and heard anyone else mention it. who had something to do with this

horsepower. Then my friend recalled But I knew, in that moment, that day's business transactions, but huhis old fishing car of a few years back, something had happened to me with mans, friends, and people with dreams

and I remembered a woodentopped the years, and it had happened to my and aspirations and little sadnesses sedan of some 30 years ago. Somefriend, too. and happinesses as real and as deep

how the conversation drifted back to We no longer drove cars—we steered as my own)?

the Model T's we once owned, longer machines. We no longer were awake Was there, during this day, in the

ago than we like to remember, even to the moment, to life itself, or to the eyes or words or manner of someone if we were very young then. things that made those earlier drives I met a mute appeal for only a tiny

There was an odd thing about that so memorable that we could recall bit of understanding and sympathy conversation, a thing that reaily struck them with keen pleasure so many years that I did not see because I was too me later as I thought over our brief later. busy, too preoccupied with other

chat. Ten years from now we will never things?

When we began to talk of those sit at a luncheon counter to talk of What can I remember of the last cars of an earlier vintage, we soon the beauties along the highways on hours, days, and weeks at my place found ourselves talking of other things those trips we had just taken. of business—the little things that have

—of memories those cars had brought The beauty was there. Nature has nothing at all to do with the job I do,

us: memories of quiet fishing spots and not changed, although these days there the way the man at the next desk

rolling hills south of town, of the spring may be fewer sunflowers even in my laughed, sighed, or sat staring out of when the cherry trees were blooming, native Kansas. No, we had changed. the window, the little kindnesses of the

of the smell of freshcut clover in roadBut it is not that change alone that day, the way the sun shone through side fields, and of the dusty yellow of bothers me now as I remember our the window, the buzz of a fly, the low sunflowers. conversation and record our words. humming of some contented person

"Do you remember the view of the Rather, it is the gradual realization that at his work?

town from the hill?"my friend asked. it is not only along the highway that I Simple questions?

Suddenly there was a new light in his am closing my eyes and my ears and Go ahead—ask yourself.

eyes and an eagerness in his voice my mind to the moment, closing them Now. O

October 1967 11 'Why be defeated twice, once by our mistakes—Lowelland againBennionby our attitude toward them?"

By Lowell L. Bennion

university student came to my office one day Aldous Huxley once wrote: "Chronic remorse... is

after an institute class to discuss something of a most undesirable sentiment, If you have behaved importance to him. His response to my greetbadly, repent, make what amends you can and addressAing showed discouragement and dejection: yourself to the task of behaving better next time. On

"If you knew all about me, I don't think you would no account brood over your wrongdoing. Rolling in

have me in this building,"he said. "I have committed the muck is not the best way of getting clean."( Brave

every sin in the book—except murder. I was an New World, p. 7.)

adulterer at 17, a drunkard, a profaner. I've stolen Huxley's position makes sense. Why be defeated

grain and barbed wire by the truckload."He paused. twice, once by our mistakes and again by our attitude

"What do you think of me now?"toward them?

"God loves an honest man,"I said. "Tell me, do you Matthew Cowley, a man who loved sinners and

steal and live in adultery now?"spent a good deal of time with them, once remarked,

"No,"he said quickly. "I was converted to Christ a "A man is greater than all his sins."This is often

short time ago. This has given me the strength to forgotten by the person whose conscience is troubled

conquer the worst of my sins. But they are always by serious wrongdoing. His mistakes distort his

with me. How does a man forget his sins? How, at perspective. All of his virtues, good deeds, and

least, can he get them out of his mind and give himstrengths, which really outweigh and outnumber his self to the tasks at hand?"sins, seem overshadowed.

As he talked, the words of Shakespeare came to When we act badly or do evil, we impair precious my mind: relationships. We cause God and Christ to suffer

because of what sin does to us and to others. Then

"Canst thou not minister to a mind diseased, we tend to withdraw from life in guilt and alienation;

Pluck from the memory a rooted sorrow, and more important, we become estranged from ourRaze out the written troubles of the brain, selves, thereby diminishing our own feeling of worth

And with some sweet oblivious antidote and dimming the image we have of our own identity.

Cleanse the stuff'd bosom of that perilous matter One may ask himself, "Who am I—the person I would

Which weighs upon the human heart?"(Macbeth, like to be or the person I have been?"

Act v, sc. 3.) In helping ourselves to answer this question, we

must understand three different relationships: our

This student would be in class next week. What relationships to Deity, to our fellowmen, and to ourcould I say to lift his burden, to relieve him from selves. If all of these can be restored and enremorse over the past, to free him to live creatively riched, the battle with our past mistakes will have

and wholeheartedly in the present with full powers been won. Life can begin afresh with new mind

of mind and heart? and heart.

12 Improvement Era

"But if the wicked will turn from all his sins that he hath committed, and keep all my statutes, and do that which is lawful and right, he shall surely live,,—Ezekielhe shall not die."

Anyone who believes in God is naturally ashamed ourselves. When we have the good sense to repent

when he violates God's laws. And though he repents, and to live in harmony with the laws of life that foster

he may still feel remorse and estrangement. But let growth and joy, God too rejoices.

us consider for a moment how God feels toward man This fact is portrayed beautifully in the parables of as a repentant sinner. Christ. In these marvelous stories are presented the

Isaiah, after strongly admonishing his people to Father's great love for the sinner and his rejoicing repent, to be clean, and to do well, adds: "... though over the person who "comes to himself."In Luke,

your sins be as scarlet, they shall be as white as chapter 15, Jesus gives three closely related parables:

snow; though they be red like crimson, they shall be The Lost Sheep, The Lost Coin, and The Lost Son.

as wool."(Isa. 1:18.) Read them!

The prophet Ezekiel in very explicit terms portrays In the first one the shepherd leaves the ninety and the Creator's feelings toward the penitent: nine and goes after the sheep that is lost until he

"But if the wicked will turn from all his sins that finds it, and then, rejoicing, brings it home on his he hath committed, and keep all my statutes, and do shoulders.

that which is lawful and right, he shall surely live, And Jesus concluded by saying:

he shall not die. "I say unto you, that likewise joy shall be in heaven

"All his transgressions that he hath committed, they over one sinner that repenteth, more than over ninety shall not be mentioned unto him: in his righteousness and nine just persons, which need no repentance."

that he hath done he shall live. (Luke 15:7.)

"Have I any pleasure at all that the wicked should In the second parable a woman, having lost one of die? saith the Lord God: and not that he should ten pieces of silver, lights a candle and sweeps and

return from his ways, and live?"(Ezek. 18:2123.) seeks until she, rejoicing, finds it. And Jesus said:

And in a familiar modern revelation, the Lord "Likewise I say unto you, there is joy in the presence declares of the angels of God over one sinner that repenteth."

"For I the Lord cannot look upon sin with the least (Luke 15:10.)

degree of allowance; In the third and most beloved parable, the younger

"Nevertheless, he that repents and does the comson demands his inheritance and spends it in a far mandments of the Lord shall be forgiven."(D&C country in riotous living. Seeing his own foolishness,

1:3132.) he turns back home seeking his father's forgiveness.

The good Lord has a single interest in man. He "... But when he was yet a great way off, his father

wants him to find joy—the joy that comes through saw him, and had compassion, and ran, and fell on

fulfilling his own nature as a human being and as his neck, and kissed him."(Luke 15:20.)

a child of God. When we do evil, God suffers, beRejoicing, the father celebrated his son's repentance

cause he loves us and does not wish to see us destroy and return. And why? "For this my son was dead,

October 1967 13 iJL&Ima JIWUL Wjul

Chronic ljemorse... is a most "And now, behold,

undesirable sentiment. when I thought this,

If you have behaved badly, I could remember my repsnt, make what amends you can pains no more;

and address yourself to the task yea, I was harrowed up of behaving better next time.... by the memory

Aldous uxley1 S* V s—Almaof my sins no more."

and is alive again; he was lost, and is found...."the present. The Savior once said of one woman:

(Luke 15:24.) Twice Jesus repeats these words. "Her sins, which are many, are forgiven; for she

Nothing else matters to this father. Past sins and loved much:...

heartaches are forgotten. "This my son is alive again.""And he said to the woman, Thy faith hath saved

This earthly father portrays in a measure our thee; go in peace."(Luke 7:47, 50.)

Heavenly Father's feelings toward a wayward son The apostle Paul said: "Be not overcome of evil,

and God's rejoicing upon his return. If human fathers but overcome evil with good."(Rom. 12:21.) Evil is

and mothers can forgive, how much more They whose not necessarily overcome by fighting it directly.

greatest attribute is divine love! Thinking upon evil may make it indelible in the mind,

When we sin, we nearly always involve others—but thinking and doing good will displace evil and

those whom we sin against and those who love us and its memory. Although the process is gradual, creative

are hurt when we suffer the consequences of evil. It and productive thinking will come to the fore.

is my observation that most people are glad to forgive Sometimes simply trying to erase memories does not an offense when the offender is obviously honest and satisfy; it may seem almost dishonest—somewhat like

penitent. In fact, many will forgive whether or not sweeping dirt under the carpet. Something more is

restitution is made. Men of true love forgive even needed.

if repentance is not achieved. But it is true that a person can literally change

But should a neighbor refuse to forgive us, even his past. How? Granted, he cannot call back a

after we have done all in our power to right the deed done nor a word spoken. What is done is done.

wrong against him, that is his privilege and responsiHowever, every day that one lives, he changes his bility. past. Each day, even each moment, one borrows from

Our own re sponsibility ends with full repentance. the future and builds and enlarges on the past. The

If we cannot right a wrong against one man, then past is always changing, growing, and expanding.

we must serve other men and, with no thought of Each day represents a new whole; each event changes

reward, contribute to the goodness of life. the meaning and importance of life.

Because memories haunt him, the most difficult Aristotle said, "The whole is greater than its parts."

task for the repentant sinner is to forgive himself. A human body is more than the sum of its parts. An

But how can a person "pluck from the memory a arm is one thing if hung on a wall, another if part of rooted sorrow?"This is a most difficult task. a whole body directed by a mind. So it is with our

Just as sunlight disperses the darkness of night, sins. When considered in isolation, they tend to fix

one way to crowd out and overwhelm memories of themselves in our memories. Thus when they are

the past is to substitute satisfaction in the present. fresh in our minds and recent in our past, they conMany persons in Christian history have overcome the sume a large part of our lives. But as we build posisorrow of their past by learning to follow Jesus in tive, wholesome deeds and thoughts, our sins become

14 Improvement Era a smaller and smaller part of our total being. for which I was tormented with the pains of hell....

The student mentioned at the beginning of this "... I remembered also to have heard my father

article was a despairing boy in his teens. Today he is prophesy... concerning the coming of one Jesus

a fine husband and a loving father who is giving of Christ, a Son of God, to atone for the sins of the his mind and strength in intelligent service to God world.

and man. "Now, as my mind caught hold upon this thought, I

At 18 his sins were a large part of his life, but cried within my heart: O Jesus, thou Son of God, have

each year they became less and less in the total reality mercy on me, who am in the gall of bitterness, and of his being. The influence of evil associated with am encircled about by the everlasting chains of

his early life is diminishing in direct proportion to death.

his increasing influence for good among his fellows. "And now, behold, when I thought this, I could

I once observed a house under construction. Beremember my pains no more; yea, I was harrowed up

cause of the dull brick and cluttered yard, I judged by the memory of my sins no more.

the house an ugly creation in the making. But re- "And oh, what joy, and what marvelous light I did

turning some time later, I saw that the brick was now behold; yea, my soul was filled with joy as exceeding

part of a pleasing design, a design that reflected in as was my pain!

the light of its windows a happy family inside. A "Yea, I say unto you, my son, that there could be

life may be ugly to a point, but on the day godly nothing so exquisite and so bitter as were my pains.

sorrow leads to right living, goodness, beauty, humilYea, and again I say unto you, my son, that on the ity, and strength begin to enter in. Even the evil other hand, there can be nothing so exquisite and

that once was there contributes to compassion for and sweet as was my joy."(Al. 36:13, 1721.)

understanding of other sinners, and gives one a desire Such is the joy of repentance. Alma bears witness

to help them be in harmony with life and with God. to the power of the Spirit of Christ to "raze out the

The truly penitent sinner, believing in the love and written troubles of the brain"even in the here and grace of God, can again accept himself. He is no now.

longer a sinner or a failure, for he can now think of As a minister of Christ, Alma's own life of humilhimself with respect and speak his own name in peace. ity, love, and diligence is a living witness that

He has "come to himself."And this is what really one can forgive himself and be wholly accepted of

matters. Christ. O

Alma the younger is a classic example of the repentant sinner. Like the prodigal son, he had reached

Lowell Bennion is a member of the youth coordinating the depths of sinful living. Of his state of mind he committee and associate dean of students at the

wrote: University of Utah.

"Yea, I did remember all my sins and iniquities,

October 1967 15 1 MAN MAY KNOW FOR HIMSELF Teachings of President David 0. McKay Llf compiled by Clare Middlemiss J4 QS Books to

This newest volume of President McKay's teachings will provide Latterday Saints with much enjoyable reading and study. Filled with insight,

encouragement, hope, and positive guides to more fruitful living, as gleaned from President McKay's writings and sermons.

Mil MaiJIljflgl'- 2.D0CTRINAL COMMENTARY ON

THE PEARL OF GREAT PRICE by Dr. Hyrum L. Andrus $4.95

An important addition to every LDS home library, and essential to a scholarly and complete understanding of the Pearl of Great Price.

Dr. Andrus explores this least known of the

reader to apworks, enables thestandard and m fully. its scriptural treasurespreciate more

3 THE PRIMARY CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL compiled by the Board of Directors of the jl,.***8

Primary Children's Hospital J-j {jQ

Though it is often the scene of sickness and suffering, the Primary Children's Hospital is also the source of inspiration, faith, and modernday miracles. Here are some of the stories of joy and

mirth, sadness turned to happiness, and the spirit of charity that abounds in this wonderful institution.

4.THE CHURCH OF THE E***'

OLD TESTAMENT by John Tvedtnes $2.95

Definitive study showing that the ecclesiastical organization of the Church has been the same throughout the ages, and that the ancients before

Christ practiced laws and ordinances of the gospel found in the Church today. The author offers

testimony, with proof, that the same priesthood authority which Jesus brought to the earth existed with ancient the prophets, and has now been re- V instored prophets. our day to modern

5 C0L0RFRAME KITS A

SERIES

SIX 3 li $1.00 G01QRFRAMEOF plus 14c postage PICTtSES

An exciting new visual creative/education exerAHDSTORJH cise that young people will enjoy—and will learn

from. Six coloring pictures of significant events

in the early years of the Restored Church.

6. THE MAKING OF A PROPHET

by Dr. Lindsay R. Curtis $2.95t the heapti Through vivid word descriptions and dramatic

illustrations the life of Joseph Smith, the Prophet, is relived in this significant new book by an author who has a special appeal to youth. The Prophet's

teenyears, and the marvelous years of spiritual accomplishment are described in this brilliant account. The illustrations are by the Utah artist

Paul Farber.

7. YOU AND YOUR CHILD'S WORLD

by Dr. Elliott D. Landau

Paperbound edition $2.95

Hardbound edition $3.95

For those who have wished they could obtain Dr.

Landau's KSL radio talks in more permanent form. Vivid insight into the minds of your children—their problems and behavior. Specify

paperbound or hardbound edition.

SINCE CUMORAH

since by Dr. Hugh Nibley $4.95

latest to light brings researcher the This scholarly

Scrolls the CUMmw evidence that from the Dead Sea Book of Mormon is a true work and that the gospel, is the same yesterday, today, and forever.

9.0UT0FTHE BEST BOOKS, Vol. 3

by Bruce B. Clark and

Robert K. Thomas $2.95

The 1967/68 Relief Society Cultural Refinement

Course uses this text. An indispensable aid in

getting the maximum value out of Cultural Refinement program.

DESERET BOOK COMPANY

44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 or 777 South Main, Orange, California 92669

Circle items wanted:

1 2 4 5 6 8 9 7 check paper Q or hardcover Heoeret COMPANY Book 3V2 sales includes tax for Utah which Cost $ 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AT COTTONWOOD AND

resifor MALL residentsTotal California ordering sales tax Salt, Lake, from 5% SALT CITY LAKE indicated extra Plus all Orange. postage. dents ordering from

2472 BLVD., WASHINGTON OGDEN

777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA

NameAddress.

City State.... Zip...

October 67 Era 'I \

Probably not one American in 20 today knows how close this nation came to losing its first president while he was still in office.

During the summer of 1789, when George Washington was a resident of the Macomb House on lower Broadway in 'New York City, he fell victim to a very painful malady—anthrax of the thigh. Never had he

been so ill, and at times he suffered great physical torture from the disease.

At last, in an effort to ease his condition, Washington consented to an operation. The surgeon was Dr. Samuel Bard, one of the new

country's bestknown physicians.

NEW PLEATED As there were no anesthetics in those days, the operation called for

YOKE SHEATH heroic endurance. But Washington bore the knife without a complaint.

Afterward, during his convalescence, his suffering was so intense $20.00 that he almost despaired of recovery.

Our exclusive, elegant, mattefinish "Do not flatter me with vain hopes"he pleaded with Dr. Bard. "I

tricot design—accented with sheer, am not afraid to die, and therefore can bear the worst news you have

permanent pleats at yoke and sleeves. to offer."

Exquisite with pleated accessories.

The physician, however, smiled confidently and said, "You forget, White, 100% Nylon Tricot. Dripdry.

P, S, M, L. #SSD-D. General Washington, that there are many things in your favor. I can

Matching Slip. 30 to 38. #6245. $8.00 assure you that your time has not yet come."

Washington's reply—typical of his character—revealed his great

Mail Check or M.0. A* Postpaid in U.S.A. trust in God: "Whether tonight or twenty years hence makes no differPhone:4873621

ence,"said Washington. "I know I am in the hands of a good Providence."j*W

2511 S.W. Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84115

18 Improvement Era mak&th fading a full mail—Bacon

FANTASTIC VICTORY

Israel's 1. AN OPEN DOOR Latest Rendezvous 3. THEFrom LONGVermontROADto Destiny with

by Richard L. Evans Carthage

Twenty stimulating chapby W. Cleon Skousen by S. Dilworth Young

ters that lead the reader A penetrating account of through the many doorIsrael's recent miracle The eloquent verse of ways that make up our war including a history Brother Young captures of the excitement and life. Inspiri dayto-day of n Israel from 1,000 B.C I all

in the ofttold meaning present. to reading and absorbing

of story the Prophet has which one come for 1 offer 2 to Special inJoseph Smith. Absorbing Elder expect from Evans.

regular cludes $2.95 reading. and moving

$3.00 best national copy of $2.50

seller, "The Naked Communist."

Package offer $3.75

4. ANSWERS TO THE LIFE OF 6. YOU, TOO,

BOOK OF MORHEBER C.KIMBALL REMEMBER

MON QUESTIONS by the Kimball Family by Albert Zobell (Formerly "Problems of This excellent biography, A collection of poems, the Book of Mormon") now in its third printing, quotes and anecdotes on by Sidney B. Sperry has been brought back by a wide range of subjects.

One of the most complete popular demand. It is a Excellent material to add

powerful history and interest talks to Church references on the Book inqg,etne1tter story of one lessons. Indexed and by of Revised Mormon. and spirational

enlarged with stimulating of the greatest men the subject, for quick, easy new material. $3.50 Church has produced. reference. $1.25

$4.00

9. A PROMISED

7. THOUGHTS FO 8. LIFE FOR A LAND AN LDS MOTHER EVERLASTING PROMISED

by Elizabeth Schoenield by Duane S. Crowther PEOPLE

nspirational thoughts, A comprehensive look at ID by Dean R. Zimmerman

especialverse ideas and of the estate man. interesting A timely and

ly SubLANI for compiled LDS jects include discussed Israel on commentary

This mothers. book new life spirit after world, the relating current events

interesting includes and death and documented East 0RA nr the to Middle modof reliable material inspiring from experiences fasThis prophecy. PROMISED ern?<$x!$m.}mm'in

literspirit finest individuals with of our some cinating which book new beings. you'll return ature. A book

off is just the press to again and again. $3.95 be of interest to willall

$1.75 Latterday Saints. $1.00

Order by mail, or from BOOKCRAFT B10/67 your nearby LDS Book Store 1186 South Main St. Name

Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

Enclosed is my check or money order in the Address

BOOKCRAFT amountPlease sendof $ the following circled books: City

12 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 (Residents of Utah please add VA% sales tax.) State Zip

October 1967 19 TheLDS Scene

Ogden and Provo Temples Hemisfair Painting

President N. Eldon Tanner of the First Presidency

addresses a gathering of stake presidencies of the Ogden,

Utah, area and explains the need for two new Utah temples, one each in Ogden and Provo. A total of 28

stake presidencies in the Provo area (center) and 25 stake presidencies in the Ogden area (right) enthusiastically approved the proposals. Each temple will

cost about $2.5 million. The Ogden temple will be A preliminary sketch is shown of "Christ in America,"

built on the Tabernacle Square in downtown Ogden, one of the major paintings scheduled for the Church's and the Provo temple will be built a half mile northeast exhibit at the 1968 Hemisfair in San Antonio, Texas.

of Brigham Young University campus. Use of the The international exposition's theme, "The Confluence

temples will relieve pressure on the Salt Lake, Logan, and of Civilizations in the Americas,"is of special

Manti temples, which accounted for 51 percent of relevance to the Church's exhibit, which emphasizes the

Church temple ordinance work in 1966. Savior's visit to America.

n Fc*e%&5

# "am"jBlk

Korean Deseret Club

Tongan Bank Manager Members of the Deseret Club of Korea,

Nebraska Exhibit the first Deseret Club in the Orient,

David Ka'ili of Nukualofa, are shown as they met in their third

Tonga, has been appointed Exhibits of the Mormon pioneer period meeting. Advisers to the group are

by King Taufaahau Toupou were recently featured in Nebraska's Professor Lee Hong Jik, director of a

IV of Tonga to help Joslyn Art Museum in Omaha in museum at the Korean University and;

establish and to manage celebration of Nebraska's centennial. Some famous Korean scholar and historian,

the first government bank of the exhibits included a small bronze and Jordan Tanner, cultural affairs in Tonga. Brother Ka'ili, replica of Torlief S. Knaphus'"Handcart officer associated with the U.S. embassy.

a graduate in accounting Monument,"a buffalo skull with a "Our goal is to have a club at each of of the Church College message on it, and other museum pieces. the major universities in Korea,"said

of Hawaii, will work under A booklet, "The Tragedy of Winter J. Spencer Palmer, president of the

the prime minister of Tonga. Quarters,"was given all visitors. Korean Mission.

20 Improvement Era PanAmerican Wade Bell, University of

Games Winners Oregon track star, won a gold medal in the PanAmerican Games recently held in Winnipeg, Canada, in the 800meter race, with a time of 1:49.2. The world record is

1:44.3. Elder Bell, from

Ogden, Utah, past president of the LDS Student Association at the Oregon university, holds the American records in both the 1,000meter and

AllChurch Softball 1,000yard races. He is scheduled to represent the USA

in the 1968 Olympics in Mexico City. Other Latterday

Members of an exuberant Kearns (Utah) Saints who participated in the PanAmerican Games

Fourth Ward junior slowpitch softball team were: Michael Young of Idaho Falls, Idaho, gold medal

give vent to victory yells following winner in the 138pound division in wrestling; Dennis

their defeat 2-1 ofr Midvale (Utah) Third Lamb of Chandler, Arizona, third baseman of the

Ward in allChurch softball competition. gold medalwinning U.S. baseball team; Keith Russell of

Other winners: senior slow pitch, Price Mesa, Arizona, winner of a silver medal in diving

(Utah) Fifth Ward defeated Provo (Utah) and recent winner of the national AAU diving title;

Sixth Ward 17-5; senior fast pitch, Jon Stanley of Ensenada, California, and John Alstrom

Monument Park West (Salt Lake City) of Fresno, California, members of the gold medalwinning

Fifth Ward defeated Chandler (Arizona) U.S. volleyball team (Stanley was also selected for

Second Ward 4-2; junior fast pitch, the allstar team); John Hatch of Colonia Juarez, Mexico,

Salinas (California) Ward defeated member of the Mexican national basketball team,

Chandler (Arizona) First Ward 5-2. which won the silver medal.

Sunday TV Series

Fred Bluth, director, Tabernacle Choir on Tour scriptwriter, and artist for a

Fairbanks Flood Welfare new 13week halfhour

Tabernacle Choir members took a television series sponsored hurried tour through the U.S. pavilion at Thousands of pounds of supplies from the by the Church, finishes

Expo 67 at Montreal, Canada, during Church Welfare Program, including food, an animation sequence for their recent nineday tour, which included bedding, clothing, and cleansing materials, one of the programs. The

concerts in Omaha, Nebraska; Montreal; were shipped from Utah to Alaska series, titled "47 Happiness

Attleboro, Massachusetts, where they to aid the Fairbanks flood victims. The Way,"will be beamed

sang before 25,000 people—the largest supplies, distributed to more than throughout the U.S. this

live audience in Choir history; Chatauqua, 100 member and nonmember families fall on Sunday mornings to

New York; Saratoga Springs, N.Y., on the basis of need, were sent without youth who are not

where the Choir was accompanied by charge by United Airlines. Also aiding normally attending Church.

the Philadelphia Orchestra; Detroit, the victims was radio station KATN The programs, featuring

Michigan; and Tulsa, Oklahoma. Rave of Boise, Idaho—owned by a Latterday actual classroom discussion

reviews and standing room only audiences Saint—which spearheaded a drive for and animation, are based

greeted the Choir throughout the tour. 20,000 diapers and for baby supplies. on gospel principles.

October 1967 21:";.<(';'..'',.

Can Super Tire really outwit the forces of evil?

The Amoco 120 Super Tire was engineered to face the worst.

With deep, deep treads for longer wear and skid control. And a special insert and rib design for a

greater road contact.

If it were an ordinary tire, you could see it in ordinary tire stores. You can't.

"You expect more from American—and you get it!'

AMERICAN OIL COMPANY

NATIONAL CREDIT CARD aimnm-,tSr.UI

SIGN IN INX ABOVE a NOT VAL I UN LESS SICNEO 8Y CUSTOMS R t51 E3t 5b I 8 GOOD THRU JOHN K GROSSPIETSCH 01 month HH*"** * Cttittjt >HfillIJKUftMC*It:**:!:( lit \*ttfeSSISSrfIfW Jl CMfitiMSI'*'tiMt'Wmt

IK The American Oil Company, 1967. World's largest distributor of Atlas tires

Senator Wallace F. Bennett Representative Laurence J. Burton Senator Howard W. Cannon

ment prohibits a state from composing prayers and ordering them The Era Asks recited in public schools, and from requiring the reading of the Bible and recitation of the Lord's Prayer Seven Questions in classrooms.

A reading of American history of Latterday Saints willwere revealconsistentthatwiththesethe wordsdecisionsof our founding fathers and with state the decisions over court many

First years. In Congress past 178 The AmendPART 1 ment reads: "Congress shall make

Ten Latterday Saints serve in the present U.S. Congress—three senators no law respecting an establishment

and seven representatives. Because of their important public positions and of religion, or prohibiting the free

wide influence, their responses to some questions of relevance to Latterexercise thereof...."I believe this

day Saints should prove to he thoughtprovoking. They are: Senator amendment has contributed greatly

Wallace F. Bennett, Republican, Utah; Congressman Laurence J. Burton, to the atmosphere of religious

Republican, 1st District of Utah; Senator Howard W. Cannon, Democrat, tolerance that distinguishes this

Nevada; Congressman Delwin M. Clawson, Republican, 23rd District of country from many other nations of

California; Congressman Richard T. Hanna, Democrat, 34th District of the world. It has not deprived our

California; Congressman George Vernon Hansen, Republican, 2nd Discountry of religion but has drawn

trict of Idaho; Congressman Sherman P. Lloyd, Republican, 2nd District a rather distinct line between

of Utah; Senator Frank E. Moss, Democrat, Utah; Congressman John church and state. I would hate to

E. Moss, Democrat, 3rd District of California; and Congressman Morris see any change in that pattern.

K. Udall, Democrat, 2nd District of Arizona. Those who have expressed shock

feel about the understand what the Court said, sions perhaps do not realize thatQ—How do you at the recent Supreme Court deciSupreme Court decisions on what our history tells us, and what this issue was resolved long ago by

school prayer? place the church holds in a nation many of our states. In the last cenCongressman Udall of Arizona founded on separation of church tury there were a number of bitter

Many people have written to me and state. battles over prayers and Bible

the past three years saying that the What the Supreme Court has reading in public schools. In one

Supreme Court "has taken God out said, in decisions reached in 1962 celebrated case an 11year-old of our schools."I think they fail to and 1963, is that the First AmendRoman Catholic boy in Boston was

24 Improvement Era Representative Delwin M. Clawson Representative Richard T. Hanna Representative George V. Hansen

whipped with a stick for 30 minutes rived at by an official or semiThere cannot be any teacherled before consenting to recite the official authority. It seems to me praying in which everyone in the

Protestant version of the Ten Comthat the doctrine of our Church, class—Christian, Hindu, Buddhist,

mandments. In Cincinnati, Cathowhich emphasizes the individuality Jew, agnostic, or otherwise—can be

lics were accused of atheism beof prayer between the petitioner forced to say any established cause they objected to the same and his Heavenly Father, tends to prayer, or any general prayer that "voluntary"Biblereading rule support the position of the Sumay be written for the occasion.

being debated today, and out of preme Court decision. Because there has been some misthis dispute arose actual episodes interpretation of the Supreme

of fighting and bloodshed in the Senator Cannon of Nevada Court ruling, because I believe so streets. I am essentially in accord with the strongly in the power of prayer,

Because of these episodes, ten of historic view on this question, and because I support the indiour states have adopted language namely, the need for separation of vidual's right to voluntary particiin their constitutions forbidding church and state. Prayer is a private pation in prayer, I am cosponsor-

such exercises. Fifteen other states matter, and therefore, as the Suing a resolution before the Senate

have forbidden prayers and Bible preme Court has stated, it should that will amend the Constitution to reading by statute, and another ten not be prescribed by school auclearly establish this right.

states generally look with disfavor thorities. However, this does not

on such practices. In other words, mean there is no place for prayer Congressman Burton of Utah

what the Supreme Court ruled was in the public schools. I firmly beContrary to the holdings of recent

already in either the law or the lieve that our schools are in need Supreme Court decisions, I do not general practice in 35 of our 50 of the influence of prayer just as believe that the provisions of the states. much as are our homes. Constitution can be construed as

prohibiting the offering of prayers

Congressman Hanna of California Senator Moss of Utah—The Suin the public schools. I fail to see—A careful reading of the Supreme Court decision on prayer how the offering of a nondenomi-

preme Court decisions should lead did not say that children could not national prayer in a public school to the conclusion that the Court's pray in public schools; it held only in any way violates the prohibition

main purpose and concern is the that children could not be comagainst enactment of laws respectprotection of the individual. I think pelled to say a set or specific ing the establishment of religion.

too many people interpret the deciprayer. Any public school can The offering of such a prayer

sions as being a negation of prayer allow, and indeed encourage, any neither establishes a religion nor when, as a matter of fact, what child to pray voluntarily in that interferes with the rights of indiwas opposed was the imposition of child's own way, and can set aside viduals with respect to their own a form and content of prayer ar- a period for the child to do so. religious practices. Persons who do

October 1967 25 Representative Sherman P. Lloyd Senator Frank E. Moss Representative John E. Moss

not wish to participate in such by our governmental institutions show that, at least insofar as my prayers are free to decline to parand leaders. own experience is concerned, it has

ticipate, or to temporarily absent If the Court is to be consistent, not been the practice to include themselves from such places where it seems to me, it will soon find it prayer as a part of the school proprayers are being offered. necessary to strike God from all of grams in areas of predominant

Each day the House of Repreour public utterances and instituMormon concentration. Thus, apart

sentatives begins its session with a tions. I do not think that this is from the constitutional question—

prayer; so does the Senate. The what the Court intends, but bv its which I feel is extremely important

very Supreme Court which has unfortunate prayer decision, it has—I am not at all certain that the

forbidden prayer in the schools certainly embarked on a road that school prayer issue has direct apbegins each day's session with the leads in that direction. It is not plication to the Latterday Saint

supplication, "God save the United out of the question that the Court community.

States and this Honorable Court."will reverse its decision on the

all the problems confrontOur country's motto is "In God We school prayer subject, but I think Q—Of

Trust."Our public buildings and it quite unlikely. In my view, the ing the American people, which

money carry this inscription. language of the First Amendment one gives you the greatest conThe Declaration of Independence is sufficiently clear to allow for cern?

makes reference to God, as do prayer in the public schools, and I Congressman Hansen of Idaho the inaugural addresses of each of therefore regret that an amend- I believe that materialism is of the Presidents of the United States. ment may be necessary to firmly greatest concern today, inasmuch as

The National Anthem likewise caruphold this practice. There apit is the foundation of Communism,

ries references to God. So does Linpears, however, to be no other way. socialism, welfarism, and the

coln's famed Gettysburg Address. With respect to the school prayer "something for nothing"concept.

By act of Congress just 13 years issue, however, I believe some One facet of materialism, Comago the words "under God"were additional personal observations munism, has, in its determination added to the Pledge of Allegiance. are appropriate. I grew up in a to conquer the world, enslaved

Each year the President proclaims Mormon environment. Most of my hundreds of millions of people,

a "National Day of Prayer."friends were Mormons; so were my murdered tens of millions, and inObviously, a reverential feeling teachers in the public schools. I stigated wars and terrorism in

for God is an integral part of the think it correct to say that the every corner of the world. Another

fabric of this nation. I look upon schools I attended had an inevifacet of materialism takes a terthe Supreme Court's decisions in table Mormon "flavor."Yet I do rible toll in either robbing men of

the school prayer cases as unwise not recall a single time when their initiative, causing them to attacks on this longrecognized prayer was made a part of activity become wards of society, or enacceptance of a divine Redeemer in the school. I point this out to couraging them to seek "the easy

26 Improvement Era fornia—The continuing and accelof mankind has been of greater

erated course of our people and magnitude. Right now we're in

government toward a socialistic and a happy lull, not fully realizing eventual communistic society with what is in store for us, just as the all of its attendant implications, world happily dozed before the including the loss of individual start of World War I.

freedom, loss of free agency, and loss of faith in God, is our greatest Congressman Lloyd of Utah problem. Under our constitutional The overriding problem today is

form, whenever the government international peace keeping and undertakes to correct all the social the containment of Communist agills that assail us, an erosion and gression. There are four alternadecay in ethics, morality, virtue, tives confronting us in Vietnam.

and many other spiritual values They are:

that have their roots in religious 1. To continue our present polfoundations seem to occur, perhaps icy, bringing to bear whatever

Representative Morris K. Udall because government is prohibited, power is necessary to prevent a

as some assume, from teaching or Viet Cong military victory but alway,"which is reflected in the promoting such principles. ways making clear our willingness

growth of lawlessness to monstrous to negotiate a settlement along the proportions. Congressman Udall of Arizona lines of the President's note to the

The greatest problem confronting United Nations.

—InCongressmanthe contextHannaof immediateof Californiaand sion.the worldWe isalreadythe populationhave reachedexplotary2. Topowerwin; tobringbear;our fulldevastatemililong-range impact, the plight of the 200 million, and it now appears Hanoi and, if necessary, China until

havenots or underprivileged naour population will be 288 milthey agree to stop organizing and tions constitutes the gravest problion by 1990. The drain on our supporting internal subversion of

lem facing all people on earth resources will be staggering. Conexisting Asian governments.

today, as the gap between availsider this fact: The total amounts 3. New American peace initiaable resources for food and fiber of water, copper, and iron needed tives: To put into effect U Thant's

and the demands upon these rejust to sustain the present U.S. call for an independent U.S. ceasesources increases. population for the remaining years fire (to be broken only under

of their lives are larger than the attack); to announce U.S. intention

Senator Cannon of Nevada total used by all men, women, and to accept the results of free elecWorld peace clearly constitutes the children who previously lived on tions (in which Communists may universal aspiration of all nations. earth. participate) in South Viet Nam; to

It is a condition that cannot be Or consider this: To bring the challenge Hanoi and the National

resolved until the world accepts rest of the world's present populaLiberation Front (Viet Cong) to the inherent right of nations to tion up to the living standard of the begin negotiations or stand before decide their own destiny without United States would require 20 the world as the group which wants coercion. The acceptance of the times the present use of the earth's to continue the killing.

rule of law and international mineral resources. And this de- 4. To get out of Viet Nam. We

standards of justice are essential mand would exceed all the known have no legitimate interest or purto the achievement of this elusive mineral deposits in the world. pose there and are engaged in an

goal. Although I have been disThat is the situation today, beimmoral policy to which there can

appointed in some actions, I before the world's population expands be only one reaction: stop.

lieve that the United Nations has further. Now consider what will

played a role in peace keeping and happen when the present populaCongressman Hanna of California is an organization that should be tion of three billion people doubles—The problem of peace. It

nurtured to perform an even by the year 2000—and doubles seems to me that in the base of

greater stimulus to peace. again in less than 35 years. Anyone any solution to this problem must

looking at these figures will realize be the principle of appreciation

Congressman Clawson of Calithat no problem in the history for the worth of every individual

October 1967 27 IS YOUR FOOD STORAGE PROGRAM wherever he may be or whatever questionable action occurs. It is

ECONOMICALLY SOUND? his circumstances in terms of color, the common use of the term in sonationality, worldly goods, or any called "private"reference that has

other standard. Until all indiperhaps created the impression in

viduals everywhere enjoy that the minds of the American people.

consideration for human dignity Highminded persons can serve as which we as Americans hold so honestly and effectively in political dear and we as Christians strongly activity as they can in any other espouse, then world peace will not field. I find no reason for believbe with us. ing that irregular behavior is an

Q—In America, politics sometimes automaticenters the politicalpattern whenarena. a person

has a bad connotation attached to it, making it seem unworthy of Congressman Burton of Utah serious involvement by highIt is true that in some quarters minded persons. To what extent politics has a bad connotation.

is this true or false? That doesn't make it so, however.

Plato conceived of the politician as

Congressman Udall of Arizona having the highest possible calling.

Wheat is the heart of any food storIt seems ironic to me that most Our own scriptures make frequent age program, keep your wheat supply on a regular turnover basis rather Americans hold up to their reference to the value of serving risk spoilage. than Write for information highprotein, about cleaned children the models of Lincoln, one's fellowmen. A true politician

wheat. your Make food storage proJefferson, and Theodore Rooseis in every sense a servant of the practical program. gram a

AND SURPRISE! velt, and then denounce the people.

That wheat you have stored in your profession they followed. Each of

the delicious basement most makes Senator these great a politician, was bread goods. other and baked men Now Bennett of Utah—Public stored can convert you your wheat service, particularly at the local tell their yet parents children flour some at natural into wholesome your

convenience by using the superb AllGrain Flour Mill. that to be a politician is bad. The level and in situations involving the

A MODERN ADAPTATION practice of law or medicine is engranting of contracts and the conThe AllGrain Mill is a modern eleccouraged, but service to one's trol of jobs, very frequently protric of refinement the old fashioned, flour mill twostone that preserves countrymen through public office duces graft and corruption; this

nature's marvelous nutrition and flavor with exceptional economy. is discouraged. I believe it is the often happens because the person

Start now to enjoy top flavor, good health and economy. Mills available duty of all honorable men to make involved in political office—in the

sizes. in All two

year. terms. one Easy mills guaranteed for government better, taxes more insecurity of such jobs, which are

For full information, write: equitable, services more efficient, also generally low paying—may

benefits more uniform. Where himself be looking for an opporALL-GRAIN FLOUR MILL

there are dishonest men in politics, tunity for graft. In the higher and

P.O. Dept. E r 168 Box they should be replaced, not by more responsible state and federal

City, Brigham Utah 84302 or other dishonest men, but by the offices, this kind of situation is very

P.O. Box 115 best men this country has to offer. rare, and the voters who have the

Tremonton, Utah 84337 final determination of this situaCongressman Clawson of Calition seem generally to be discrimiFrequently the term "polinating. After nearly 17 years int->l*l<-.<-KT>l>-)t-><-><-.<*&&VH&% fornia—

tics"is used in corporations, busithe Senate, I have been brought in nesses, institutions, even churches, contact with at least 200 senators, to describe situations when some and I can assure you that from the crfLL i.unkins. makzi. a a.E.\z.xk. '

Autumn Is a Glory cffiablan iJ-'iouexd By Grace Barker Wilson

Autumn is a glory, And tread on golden carpets

An always glad surprise. The errant west wind weaves;

On some smoky morning Quaff tangy scents that tinglenr Rub Stardust from your eyes, What thrills within us rise!

sj AndOf newlysee thepaintedtawny leaves,splendor 'NeathO autumnIndianis a summerglory skies. m

THOUGHT FOR THE MONTH CUT OUT & ADD TO YOUR COLLECTION

28 Improvement Era point of view of personal responsibility, I have found them to be above the average. Don't

Congressman Lloyd of Utah It is true that politics has a bad connotation among many people, and there are many writers and editorialists who seem dedicated to that creating an image of Congress as unworthy. This is done by emphasizing the shortcomings rather than

the virtues of members of Congress Just Laugh Out Loud and the Congress itself. As one Art Buchwald is a

long active in public life, I respect the job that must be done if we very funny guy. If

are to be wellgoverned, and I am you're not reading him alarmed by the great damage that regularly on the edican be done by persons who are either basically destructive in their toral pages of the Descomments or who neglect to use eret News, you're misstheir influence in a constructive ing the punch line.

way to improve the quality of elected officials. There is a satisfaction that DESERET

comes from attempting to meet thechallenges of political life that I NEWS hope and believe will continue to attract men and women of character and ability, and it is heartenPreserve the Inspiration ofing to realize that positions of high public trust continue to attract healthy competition. The Improvement Era

It is true that a political campaign can be distasteful and. disIn Beautifully Bound Volumes

heartening to one's family. PresiThe Mountain West's finest bindery and

dent Truman said, with reference printing house is prepared to bind your to political action, "If you don't collected Improvement Eras into fine hard cover volumes. or bring Mail the

like the heat, get out of the editions to you the wish bound Deseret kitchen."There are many who News Press.

don't necessarily "like the heat"but who consider that kitchen work 12 issues in hard cover $3.90. Advance payment all orders must accompany

is essential nevertheless. I would Please include are postage if volumes

hope that the more highminded a to be returned by mail.

person becomes, the more conAdd $1.00 if Binding is to be billed.

cerned he will be about quality in Subject to Utah State tax where applicable.

public service, and I am pleased to state that I find no lack of highPOSTAGE RATE FROM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH minded individuals who are willing not only,to run for public office, but also to work hard in behalf of candidates at local, state, or national levels whom they feel will perform creditably in public service. (To be continued)

1600 Empire Road Salt Lake City, Utah 84104

October 1967 29

By Kay HaugaardChrysanthemums

Illustrated by Ted Nagata The wet sidewalk was slippery with maple leaves. this pale green corridor to Mr. Crandall's class with

Trying to avoid them, Irene put her head down such dogged resignation? She had thought she

against the drizzle, held her books inside her coat, wanted to be a teacher until she started taking all and managed to pass the other students without the required courses. How could she bear to sit

colliding. She was finally going to Mr. Crandall's through something called English Composition for

office to tell him how much she had enjoyed his class. Teachers? What's in a name indeed? There was a

She should have told him right after the semester whole world in that fusty title.

ended, but she had been in a hurry and had told She had thought the teacher of such a course would herself she would do it later. It was now a whole be a driedup little man puttering around among his

year later. She had to drop by his office before this participles, parentheses, and punctuation, and consemester's midterm exams started, or she would centrating on keeping the grade book and attendance

never make it. record in perfect order, computing class averages,

As she turned the corner by Farley Hall, she saw a and grading on the curve. Such a teacher would

mass of chrysanthemums. She had noticed them probably never even touch on the soul of any imevery day this semester on her way to English history portant idea. How could she someday teach of the

class. Now the whole patch was in glorious bloom. beauty, the depth, and the soaring heights of English

She wondered if there was ever a more conscientious literature if she had to first endure such a soulgardener. He spent much time on this one spot, as dehydrating experience? "This too shall pass away,"

though he took a personal pride in it, and his efforts Irene had muttered, as she took an unobtrusive back were paying off beautifully. Irene admired the mass seat.

of color as she went by. And then she had seen Mr. Crandall for the first

When she got to the porch of Farley Hall, she time. He was just as she had imagined—a light man

loosened her sodden scarf and removed it. Had it in a baggy gray suit, his narrow head crested with

really been over a year since she had walked down long white hair that was combed from one side of

October 1967 31 X his head to the other as though to cover a bald spot; prised to know that the slang expression "pig,"which

his chin and nose were pointed, and he had a short, stood for a homely girl, hadn't originated on their thick, gray moustache. campus. It had been used by the Greeks!

Then he had looked up—just looked, with a clear Mr. Crandall was in love with language. As he

gaze. "And what have we here? Our latest crop of told them of the origin of the alphabet and the struclittle schoolmarms? Are you all getting ready to go ture of the English language, he made language a

out into the world and root out the evils of 'ain'ts'strong, living, changing force that tied us to history and split infinitives?"he had asked, looking over his and the rest of the world. He spoke with life and a

glasses with the barest hint of a smile. It was not love of words, and Irene felt awakened to ideas and

what Irene had been expecting. possibilities she had not known existed. She was

Throughout the semester, he always spoke quietly, sorry she had judged him so rashly and wrongly. He

but with confidence, and in a manner that assumed had made it seem an important, even a noble thing his students were intelligent human beings. He had to help people increase their understanding and ap-

a wry, warm humor, and during the semester that preciation of the powerful tool of language.

followed (and ended all too rapidly) he never menIt seemed that aside from those who had been in tioned a grade book. his classes, no one even knew Mr. Crandall. Quiet,

They discussed speech levels. Irene hadn't realized small, diffident, he seemed to crumble and fade into

how she had instinctively used different words to say nothingness outside the classroom. The few times

the same thing to people of different ages and auIrene had seen him outside class, she recalled again thority, such as a teacher, a classmate, or a little her first impression of him as a man of little imsister. They made lists of regional words and slang. portance, drudging away in an unnoticed, dusty

Mr. Crandall collected words for a hobby the way corner of the world.

other people collect stamps or butterflies. He exBut today, Irene would finally tell him how much

plained the origins of many words. Irene was surshe had enjoyed his class. The stairs still squeaked.

32 Improvement Era The office door, with "Morton Crandall"painted on have mattered? But he would have appreciated itthe glass, was already open. Irene put a hand on anyone would. She wiped her eyes with the back of

the knob and peeked around, wondering whether she her hand and sniffed loudly, trying to compose should go in. On the desk and floor were cardboard herself.

boxes filled with dusty, faded books. Two elderly As she turned the corner of the walk from Farley

ladies were taking them from the shelves, which were Hall, she saw the brilliantly colored chrysanthemums, almost empty now. The one with the shingled hair and they warmed her like the sun. The gardener was

looked up. still there, kneeling on the ground in his glistening

"I was looking for Mr. Crandall,"Irene explained. wet raincoat. He had on an old flat, soiled cap.

The woman adjusted her glasses on her nose. "My Irene started to walk by toward the dormitory, but

dear, I'm sorry. Mr. Crandall passed away last week."then she looked at the gardener as though she had

Irene stared at the woman. She swallowed nerseen him for the first time. She walked over to him.

vously. "I see... I mean... I am so sorry. How "You planted them, didn't you?"

did it happen?"Seemingly startled at hearing someone address him,

"It was his heart."he turned around quickly. "Yes, Miss, I sure did."

"I'm very sorry."It was such a feeble thing to say. "It's one of the prettiest parts of the campus. You

Irene turned slowly and walked down the hallway really have a way with flowers."

in a state of bewilderment. She felt strange, almost He took off his cap and the breeze blew his hair.

angry. He didn't have the right to just drop out of He smiled broadly. "Thank you, Miss, that's right

the world like that? She felt her nose begin to nice of you to say so. Eight nice!"And he nodded

prickle and her eyes grow hot. The tears brimmed to again, with evident pleasure. O

the surface. Oh, poor Mr. Crandall! This month's fiction is based on a true experience of the

Why had she waited to tell him of her appreciaauthorPasadena,whileCalifornia,she was attendingmother ofcollege.three boys,Kay Haugaardis a muchof

tion for his class? Was it foolish to think it would published writer and recently received her masters degree.

October 1967 33 Yours—Truly

By Ruth Stewart Schenley

As toe are on this planet's crust

A drift of interstellar dust, So you are on this heart of mineAs on her captive moon—earthshine.

Richard L. Evans

The Spoken Word

Loyalty, Character, and Conduct

Loyalty, like love, is not just a sentiment, and not simply what someone says, but something that is proved in performance by character and conduct—loyalty to principle, to family, to country;

loyalty to self, and not forgetting loyalty to truth. "It is not enough to

talk about the honor which characterized our ancestors,"said Frederick

Stamm; "somewhere we must get the sense of loyalty to keep that

honor.... A parent must... find a way to inspire in the child a...

loyalty to the family... "1 And as to country, "let the parent hold

up before the youth in the home those fine qualities of citizenship upon which his... country was built."1 "It is a beautiful thing to maintain

our loyalties,"said William Bigelow. "It is easy to let them slip. For

loyalty always means sacrifice.... The best of us need an exhortation

to keep alive our loyalty to those [principles and] institutions"2 that have made possible what we are and what we have. "Loyalty is a force,

not a sentiment; a course of conduct, not a creed. It means being with,

not merely for. 'He that is not with me is against me,'said the world's

greatest leader. It means active intervention when you see a law being

flouted."3 Loyalty is respecting, defending, supporting, living by law.

"Action is the very essence of loyalty."3 Indeed, one cannot conceive

of loyalty to country without in fact defending it. As to self: It would

be difficult to conceive of a person's being loyal to self in doing anything that would destroy inner peace, offend conscience, or impair his highest possibilities, or that would cause him to be less than alert, or foolishly hazard his health. As to principle, as to truth: "... whatsoever

things are true, whatsoever things are honest,... just,... pure,

whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report;

if there be any virtue,... think on these things"4—and be loyal to

them. And so we pause in loyalty and gratitude to those who, on

that faroff [day], "put all that they had on the altar and... did

what they knew was right."3 Loyalty is no mere sentiment, but someFor audiovisual assistance on sound projectors, filmthing of substance, of character, and conduct. informationstrip slideprojectors,on Churchandparticipation,other A-V equipment,write to—including

*"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia 44DeseretEast SouthBook CompanyTemple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

Broadcasting System August 6, 1967. Copyright 1967. Pletse send me information on

Frederick "Loyalty,"K. Stamm, p. 8. Good HouseHousekeeping, July 1932, Name

keeping, Sept. 14. 1937, p. ibid: Bigelow, "William Frederick

-William Frederick Bigelow, "Loyalty,"Good 'Phil. 4:8. Address

City State Zip....

October Era 67

34 Improvement Era Flip a switch and this 16mm projector runs backwards.

We've made everything else easy, too.

The BELL"HOWELL touch: our Autoload 16mm

projector is as easy to run as it is versatile.

Take reverse projection. A simple flip of a switch

and the Autoload backs up the film to let you repeat significant scenes for added emphasis.

Take threading. It's completely automatic. So

a student can set up while you devote time to teaching or preparing the lesson,

Take single picture projection, Audiovisual instruction is even more effective when the film can.

be stopped to explain important points in more detail. So you can easily stop the Autoload on a.

single picture whenever you like.

Versatility. Simplicity. Part of the Bell & Howell

touch that has made the Autoload the most widely used 16mm sound projector in school systems everywhere. Shouldn't you have it in your classes?:

Bell & Howell, 7100 McCormick Road, Chicago,

Illinois 60645.

Want to reverse the film to repeat entire scenes? Just flip a

switch. It's so simple, even a student can do it.

LAMP

FORWARD

OFF

REVERSE

LAMP

Bell Howell a Tourific!

father's antics, the Best of Movies Besides the

By Howard Pearson story centers on the romance of

Cordelia and Angier Duke, a The Happiest Millionaire, one of wealthy young man who is tied to the final five major productions to his mother's apron strings, and have the personal stamp of apwhose mother almost ruins his

MEXICO proval of Walt Disney, will stand romance until Mr. Biddle takes a

Monthly as a monument to the type of enhand.

tertainment fostered. he Millionaire, like Happiest The HAWAII into It is going all release in a few nearly pictures, introDisney October 13

November 17 December 28 situations this fall and will be in duces some wonderful songs to the general release later. It represents public—13, to be exact. One,

TEMPLE TOUR the laughprovoking, tunefilled, "Fortuosity,"could become a hit.

October 23 heartwarming type of picture that Dealing with the Irish, the film,

ROSE PARADE was associated with the wizard of as expected, has a robust scene or show business. two, but the message of right living

For all travel and ticketing arrangements The film also introduces to always rings through loud and rGARET LoZ moviegoers one of the most versaclear. For instance, in a reference

in seasons. The young man Mr. Disney's own beliefs in Amer- W* TRAVEL INC. 'tilealongand bright performers to come to tobacco, it is stressed as "evil."

110 East 2nd South is Tommy Steele, who portrays an ica, individuality, and family life

Irish butler in the household of an are stressed several times. The HapAmerican millionaire's family in piest Millionaire could win an

Ogden, 3994587 St. George, 6733136

the early part of this century. The Academy Award as best movie of Logan 2456584 Idaho Falls, 5222581

Mesa 9645283 screen lights up every time he apthe year. If it does, it would be

pears. He dances with ease; he the only Disney featurelength prosings with happiness; and he acts duction to win the top award. It

with an abandon that makes it encertainly deserves the top honor.

joyable to watch him. In addition to The Happiest Milwith Fred He is starring Maclionaire, enjoy moviegoers should '&4hMSALT LAKE OGDEN Murray, Garson, Greer Gladys Millie, the Thoroughly Modern

COTTONWOOD Cooper, Geraldine Page, and a tunefilled satire of the 1920's delightfully refreshing young couwhich stars Julie Andrews, Carolinstantfcereal beverage ple—John Davidson and Lesley Channing, and Mary Tyler Moore;

fromMade roasted Ann Warren. The Gentle Giant, story of a parbarley and rye,

delicious to the The Happiest Millionaire will be tially domesticated wild bear, taste, no caffein. familiar to many persons as a book which is being made into a telefilled ordersMail

35cup can 39c about some unusual wealthy famivision series under the title of ofcarton 12 3.50 lies. The action centers on the Gentle Ben; The GnomeMobile, a

shipping,** vxWi z<>v* >*Vadd 65c charge Hi father, played by MacMurray. He fantasy comedy starring Walter

can150cup 1.39 is a character Bible who combines delightful and Brennan the two

ofcarton 4 $5 classes associates with boxing, with shipping charge 75c Poppins;Add children from The Mary

ZCMI FINE FOODS mailAddress orders to boxers, keeps alligators for pets, Reluctant Astronaut, starring Don

P.O. SERVICE,ZCMI SHOPPING

1 229, Salt Lake City, Utah 841 10 Box and loves his only daughter, CorKnotts as a spaceman who fears

Utah residents add 3V2% sales tax delia Drexel Biddle, who wrote heights; The Perils of Pauline,

the story on which the play and featuring Pamela Austin of telemusical are based. vision commercial fame as a sort

of female Harold Lloyd; Tammy

and the Millionaire, the adventures

Motion pictures reviewed on this page are of the delightful teenager; The

neither approved nor recommended by the outstanding Americans, an in Young Era. are, however, Church or the They JEWELRY CO. crosscountry film dealing with a reviewer, of the judgment among the DA 2-1039 the 2WEST2ND.SOUTH

SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH least objectionable of the current films. tour of the popular singing group.O

INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER

36 Improvement Era

I

"Youth—the Future of America"read the threefoot-high

placard backing the speaker's platform. Facing us were a crowd

of Shelley, Idaho, youth who had gathered from summer jobs of waterpipe moving (that's an irrigation job) and baby tending to hear your Era of Youth editors give them counsel. We loved

mingling with youth council members at an elegant freshfrom-thegarden supper before the meeting and dance. Welcoming us, with posters promoting the Era of Youth section, were

Mrs. Dell Jensen, Delynn Field;

ing, Alane Stringham, Jackie Madsen, Bruce Tew, Muriel Brittain, Frank Hanney, Donna Jean

Hansen, Glen Burke, Vickie Fielding, Paul Petersen, Francis Lawler, Val Allred, Kristie Stell, Craig

Hobbs, Linda Wade, Ted Dye, Sharon Marshall, Robert Walton,

Margy Kirby, Mark Thompson, and Raylene Everett.

'O/i Scene wi IMI LIIC CLiIHJJr3

There was so much fun, friend- A tristate high school convenship, and excitement at Farragut,—tion was our reason for being in

Idaho, at the 12th International Ontario, Oregon, but we slipped

Boy Scout Jamboree that very away with Nyssa Stake leader few of the 11,000 Scouts present Dale McLane to watch LDS youth from 89 nations suffered homein action, sprucing up their ward.

sick pangs. At LDS Church "It's fun working together, espeservices on Sunday morning we cially if it's for the Church,"exmet with Scouts from Chile, plained one smiling girl, wringing

Germany, Japan, the Philippines, out a mop. The teens cleaned

New Zealand, England, Ghana, benches, books, stairs, floors, and other lands, as well as reprewalls, and the church library. It

sentatives of the Church youth sparkled, and we were impressed.

from every section of America.

IS: President N. Eldon Tanner, President Marion D. Hanks, and

Bishop Robert L. Simpson spoke Thanks to the kindness of:KS'*:::;::n.

to the assembled boys and their Disneyland officials (especially leaders. promotion manager Eddie Meik),

a group of Salt Lake Mormons mingled with Californians on a memorable outing. Dave Hansen,

David Giles, Carla Cannon, Art

Swindle, Kristine Jacobsen, Jaime

Cannon, Richard Burton, and Tony Cannon had one wonderful time playing missionary with guides and tourists at the attractions.

How would you like to attend a testimony meeting somewhere in South Vietnam? We did, and

the sobering experience made us very proud of our choice LDS servicemen in that embattled area. You'll learn more about

them each month in these pages.

The Editors

Era of Youth Gospel Principles Especially Church leader in an kept the dishes washed and the clothes ironed and service and For You eastern city was apthe food cooked—fingers that by

proached by a little boy sacrifice had brought life to a little family.

and asked to come to "Show him your hands,"he said quietly. "He'll

the boy's home, where his sister was seriously ill. know you belong to him."

Although he didn't know the boy, the older man The lesson this good man taught is one that honest service in a responded immediately. He found the home to all of us must believe—that

be a wretched oneroom basement in a tenement. noble cause is rewarded, that bread cast upon

The mother had died, the father had disappeared, the waters will return, that sacrifice does bring and the 15year-old sister had carried on for forth the blessings of heaven.

the younger children. For almost a year she had It helps to remember, too, that real sacrifice

been both breadwinner and mother, and now she means more than "giving up"something. It

so lay in the terminal stages of a fatal disease. means giving it up in a special way—giving

They talked that night of the future, of Heavthat it is sacrificium or "made sacred."How

enly Father's plan for his children, and of the joy exciting it is to see young people throughout the that a homecoming would bring. The girl found Church sacrifice and make their lives sacred in

warmth and peace in this Church leader's words the process! Most are rejecting opportunities to

and in their prayer, but one persistent question participate in fads, so that standards of excelkept coming to her childlike mind: lence might be made sacred. Many are sacrific-

"But how?"she asked. "How will he know that ing time and money for missions, so that

I belong to him?"testimonies of Jesus might be made sacred. Some

As he prayed silently for help, the man reare sacrificing their lives on battlefields, so that ceived even as he gave. Looking down at the principles of peace might be made sacred.

frail little creature, he saw on the ragged blanket LDS youth everywhere are showing their hands the shriveled and workworn fingers that had and giving their hearts to the Lord.

By Jeff HollandShowHimI YourHands

i A "Show him your hands.

He'll know you belong to him."

October 1967 D I don't want to spend four long years in college. Question: I already know how to type.

What can the LDS Business College

I know I'll never finish a fouryear college course. teach me, and how long will it take?

I haven't the money for a university program. Answer:typing.BusinessLD can trainingtrain youis morequicklythanin

I don't want to be a teacher, engineer, doctor, or all these fields:

lawyer, but I would like to earn a good living, so 3 months: 15 months:

Comptometer what can I do? IBM key punch Executive,or legal medical,secretary

Duratape punch Must I go to a university to be a success? Sensimatic

18 months: The above are common questions and statements Clerktypist6 months: Professionalmerchandisingfashion

made by high school students; if more plainly stated, IBM computer technology

9 months: Marketingsales

this is the basic question: Bookkeeping Accounting and

Stenography business Fashion administration After Hih School, What? merchandising Court reporting

Everyone has a bus load of fun on the Diane Wood, rear, and Sandra Cook

Storm Mountain outing. reign over Founder's Day celebration.

Registration is the first step for any Ortha Smith instructs Bonnie Collins in Bonnie Marchant and Dale M. Andercourse of study. the less obvious business skills. son acquire the abc's of computer

technology.

Qhurch School System Series Question: How will I get a job after I Question: It sounds good. How can I Question: Where do some of LD's

complete the course? enroll? graduates work?

Answer: The college has a fulltime Answer: High school graduates with a Answer: They are found in key positions

placement director who arranges C average or better are admitted by in banks, insurance companies, interviews between graduates and completing an application and sendfederal and state government offices, employers. We have more than six ing it to the college with the registrachurch offices, oil companies, and

job opportunities for each graduate! tion fee, a transcript of credits, and a almost every other type of business.

Question: Where is the Church's busiletter of recommendation. ComQuestion: What kind of degree can I

ness college? puter students must complete an get by going to business college?

Answer: The LDS Business College is aptitude test. Answer: By completing a 15or 18nestled among towering shade trees Question: I've heard that business colmonth course, you will receive an

just four blocks east of Temple lege is just for girls. Is this true? associate degree; this is a regular

Square in Salt Lake City. It is within Answer: No. Most of the students in junior college diploma. The shorter

walking distance of the business, marketing, computer technology, courses award business college entertainment, and religious centers and accounting are male. diplomas.

of the valley. Question: I live outside Utah. Is there Question: Can I get into a professional

Question: I hate to leave my homean outof-state fee? occupation with a junior college

town and ward. Won't I feel like a Answer: The tuition fees are the same degree?

stranger and somewhat lost? for all students. Students at LD Answer: Yes. You can become a CPA,

Answer: You will feel right at home. come from 20 different states and computer programmer, professional

We have our own college ward and 10 foreign countries. salesman, private secretary, or

chapel on campus. You'll attend Question: Where do outof-town stufashion buyer, just to name a few.

meetings just as you've been doing. dents live while enrolled at LD? Question: Big schools don't seem to

The college has a fulltime LDS inAnswer: The college has a new girls'have a personal touch. How large

stitute on campus and a chapter of dormitory for on campus living. LD is LD?

Lambda Delta Sigma. LD's MIA is in the heart of Salt Lake's apartAnswer: LD's size is one of its advanactivities are held on a stake basis ment district and can help men or tages. We have 400 students during

on the University of Utah campus. women students find suitable acthe largest quarter of the year.

Question: High school days were fun commodations offcampus. You'll find the classes small and a

because of all the activities. Is there real personal interest shown by the

anything to do at LD besides study instructors.

and go to church? Question: Most big colleges have been

Answer: Each fall the students elect a around a long time and have estabcouncil, which plans and directs lished good reputations. How old

dances, outings, banquets, and is LD?

parties. In addition, LD has basketAnswer: The LDS Business College beball and softball teams, which play gan in 1886. It is 81 years old this

in a Salt Lake athletic league. Each year—the West's oldest business

quarter during the year features a college.

variety of social activities to keep Question: To whom can I write for a

life far from dull. catalog, application, and more inStephanie Williams learns how to beformation?

come a papertape typist. Answer: Write to the Dean of Students,

LDS Business College, 411 East

Pleasant surroundings—a trademark There's always plenty to eat at the South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

of the LD campus. spring carnival. 84111.

October 1967 41 Jim Fisher Gymnastics is a sport that is quite new to me, yet it has become my favorite. I have taken it in school and

have been practicing it during the summer. I had dreamed of skiing all my

life and recently had the opportunity to learn. It is also a great sport. Music

is just about as important to me as anything. I play the trombone in the

school band. I also play the piano,

guitar, harmonica, and recorder.

Jim

Sacramento's "Sandy Shore Singers"combined their talents to entertain fellow Californians at an MIA social and have enjoyed tremendous success ever since. They've sung at seminary, institute,

and church events. They've even won a cash prize in a local

hootenanny contest. Their specialty is folk songs, both modern

and standard.

What kind of youth make up such a group? What do they do

besides sing and go to church? Are they extraspecial people?

To such questions, the answers are pictured here. They're young,

like you. They love the Lord and his work, like you. And besides

their music there is much else that they do that makes each one special, all right, but not so outof-theordinar\j that others of you all over the world couldn't follow their example. The thing i

that has made them successful has only partially been their talent. They ivork. They practice. They take it seriously. And

they give of their talents freely and happily.

Sandy RosemarieShore Rosemarie Humphrey 'don'* really have one main hobby.Singers Dennis

I like to do just about anything that

Dennis Larson involves teenagers, such as going to

Every chance I get I hunt and fish in dances, parties, shows, and the fair, the California wilds. I also like to I enjoy cooking pastries, and eating

tinker with the saw and hammer around them too! I sew most of my own

home. clothes and love to swim.

42 Era of Youth Alan Fisher Koreen Mills Elaine Cox

I am the youngest member of the I have many hobbies, some of which Some of my favorite pastimes are group. I like to spend a lot of the have to do with sewing. I was wardreading (especially poetry), sewing,

time during the summer swimming. I robe mistress for the roadshow that modeling, baking, and modern dance.

like to ride my skate board, although came to Salt Lake last year. I have I find discussions about philosophy and

I sometimes fall. My brother Jim is made clothes for other people as well religion fascinating. I love being with

teaching me gymnastics. Sometimes I as for myself. I taught tennis last sumpeople and studying them. I would

get discouraged because I can't do as mer with the recreation department. I rather sing than do almost anything

well as he does. When I get older like to swim and do water ballet. I love else. I am a convert, and I think being

I hope to go on a mission. to teach and have taught both Primary a Mormon is fun and exciting. I am the

and Sunday School classes this past chorister of the junior Primary and a year. seminary student.

Alan Koreen Elaine

Cathy Val Mark Val Lewis I grew up in Sacramento and played Mark Lewis

Cathy Fisher high school baseball, basketball, and Solving problems is one of my hobOne of my favorite pastimes is cookfootball. I was a student officer and bies. I also like sports and have

ing. Not burning the food I cook is my played trumpet in high school dance played baseball for Hiram Johnson

greatest reward! I also enjoy all kinds bands. I received a B.S. degree in civil High School for two years, have played

of sports, although my favorite is baseengineering from the University of in two allChurch softball tournaments, ball. I played on the girls team in our California at Berkeley, where I was on and have snowskied. I also enjoy golf

ward. I have fun babysitting, too. the baseball team. and usually score in the high nineties.

October 1967 43 By Linda Chadwick

Our modern tastes deplore the magic tales

Of virgin birth; brilliant stars are known

To be of gas; we photograph the pales

Of moon, and chip her edge with rocket cone.

The elements of life are testtubeised,

And men of wisdom soar to distant lands,

And gold and precious gifts are merchandized,

And radio amplifies the angel bands.

And yet, I can believe that one still night

The miracles of knowledge, unexplained,

Blessed the rustic world in neon light, vis a visitor from unknown spaces came.

I can believe He was the Son of heaven, too,

For, unexplained, I know the miracle of you.

f

College life means exciting life—from the dance floor to the classroom. Deanne Henrickson,

Dave McKay, Louise Dial, and Ray Smith put books aside for an afternoon record hop before they attend Elder A. Theodore Tuttle's stimulating religion class.

By Steve Stoker

Opportunities to meet other university students with common interests and standards of character...

Challenging discussions with LDS men of academic excellence who have something vital to say about the life of the LDS student in the atmosphere of higher learning...

Words of insight and perception about the dynamic part a religious education plays in the world of knowledge from a General Authority, institute faculty members, and student leaders...

A threeway dance—three orchestras and thousands of

students from the freshman open house, university stakes, and the LDS Student Association who are interested in meeting...

Polly Garner, Curtis Booth, Ray Smith, Hal Goates, Dave McKay, Jim Beardall, and Dan Engh leave class absorbed in thought. Minutes later Dave, Deanne, Craig Hansen, Louise, Ray,

Hal, Polly, Curtis, and Dan catch Steve Stoker's piano improvisations.

X /

mm

These boys are doing an assignment in priesthood class. Jerry leads the

music.

They meet at dawn to discuss how they will travel to the island.

The island is reached by crossing the bridge and driving over seven miles of salt.

Arriving at the island, the hunt is on—in jeeps

and power wagons—to drive

the horses to the corrals, and the job of "cutting out"the stallions from the mares begins.

.0

MMMMLi **. s:

Era of Youth The Vanishing Gowboy

(rfHBBwAi By Eldon Linschoten

The reallife Mormon youth cowboy bears little resemblance to the folk hero projected by Hollywood.

Today's cowboy still wears the usual levis, hat, and white shirt, but he uses a different kind of horse a red 80horsepower, fourwheeled

jeep.

With our three modernday cowboys, let's join a wild horse roundup.

On a desert? No, sir! We are going to

an unusual island in the middle of the Great Salt Lake in Utah.

This island is 12 miles long and five miles wide. On it live about

200 wild horses and lots of rabbits.

Completely surrounded by salt water, the island has five deep flowing wells that give ample water for the survival of these animals, who eat all they want from grass that completely covers the land. For

shade the animals hide under cliffs and trees. They have never had

to have food brought to them, winter or summer.

Let's accompany the cowboys to this island on a roundup Mormonstyle.

Dawn, June 1, 1967:

Three boys arrive at the home of President Henry Richards in

Salt Lake City, Utah.

Their ages—16 to 19.

Their backgrounds—each different

in his outward appearance, but

October 1967 47 similar in his love for home, Church, and country.

They represent the cross section of today's Mormon youth. The

only thing that they protest is having to get up in the mornings (don't we all?). They wear their hair

short. They respect girls and

education, and above all, they honor their priesthood on Sunday and k S the other six days of the week. f,;mk

They are not afraid to give an honest day's work. They are not afraid

of hard work (as these pictures show), nor do they go out of their way to avoid defending the country that gives them the freedom they cherish so much.

Era of Youth One morning finds one of our "Mormon cowboys"hanging up his rope and saddle to serve his country in peace and war. But

with God's protecting hand, he will return to another roundup.

Youth Speaks

By Robyn Sandberg

Attending a small liberal arts college are friendly and kind. I am lucky to be a

just outside of New York City is exciting. part of so intelligent and mature a group.

My experiences in New York and the remarkThe Church has come to mean more to me by able educational plan of the school I atmy living away from my home in Salt Lake tend have brought opportunity for my City than it could have if I had continued growth in many directions. Perhaps the to live there. I have had to question more

most important growth has been in my underdeeply. My early intuitive belief that the

standing of the gospel. I am the only Church was true is now strengthening itself

Latterday Saint at the school, and this into a testimony based also on knowledge.

presents many challenges. I have been inThese words from the Book of Mormon have

volved in provocative discussions with acquired special meaning this year:

people who know much and who expect me to "Ask, and it shall be given unto you;

know more than I do about the Church. This seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it

has meant that I have had to read and study shall be opened unto you.

in order to take part in discussions. "For every one that asketh, receiveth

I am the only college student in the ward and he that seeketh, findeth; and to him

that I attend. The other young people in that knocketh, it shall be opened."(3 Ne.

the ward have gone west to school. How14:7-8.

ever, being one of the few young people in I am very grateful for the special opporthe ward has few disadvantages. The adults tunities I have had these past months.

50 Era of Youth Getting to Know You By Carol Knight Barbara Smith... Gary R. Hatch...

These students have learned that "a... remembers the recent baptism... remembers winning two trips to

wise man will make more opportunities of her father, which made their family Kansas City and winning the national than he finds."(Frances Bacon.) a complete unit in the Church. FFA speech contest—all through his

Remembering their successes of the Devotion to the gospel and a desire activity in the Future Farmers of Amerpast year, they approach the coming to seize every opportunity spurred ica Club at his school.

school year with hope for new opporBarbara on to complete 78 honor Perseverance and a sense of retunities to learn and grow. badges after 1,272 hours of work. She sponsibility motivated Gary to earn his

also served as president of her Mia Duty to God Award and to become an

Maid class in the Port Pirie Branch of Eagle Scout. He is a member of the

Reed Keller... the Southern Australian Mission. Prescott Ward, Flagstaff (Arizona) Stake.

... remembers his painting being

hung in the Phoenix (Arizona) Art

Museum.

Talent and ingenuity won Reed $150.00 in the junior museum's high

school art contest with an abstraction, featuring three people, which he entitled "Family Home Evening."

Reed is an active member of the priesthood quorum and MIA of the 19th

Ward, Phoenix West Stake.,

David Burton...

... remembers the satisfaction of Besides his months of research,

working on his project aimed at findDavid was busy last year making the ing a cure for cancer. most of more opportunities as he

Nine months of research and an inplayed on the varsity basketball, basequisitive mind won for this lucky ball, and football teams, wrote for the student a twoweek trip to Germany school paper's sports section, earned and Switzerland, the result of achievhis Duty to God award, placed second ing "best in fair"honors with his in the Sons of the American Revolution project at the 1967 regional science speech contest, played clarinet in the

Shannon Larsen... fair in Tampa, Florida. He will conband and piano for the school concert

tinue to study microbiology mediand choir, served presiand as seminary... remembers hunting for a "spare

cine this fall at the BYU, where he has organist dent and ward in Dunedin moment"during a successful senior a scholarship. Ward, Tampa Stake.

year.

A radiating testimony of the gospel and a glowing personality gained for

Shannon respect and. admiration at

her high school, where she was honored with 12 other seniors in the Senior

Spotlight, selected by her classmates as senior prom queen, homecoming queen, and "most popular girl,"kept busy with her responsibilities as yearbook copy editor, and rewarded for steady effort with a 3.5 grade point The Laurel Class of the Upland II

average. Ward, Pomona Stake...

At her ward in Pikes Peak Stake,... remembers being presented few meetings of 100 percent attendColorado, Shannon is welcoming optheir Individual Awards as an entire ance, two to receive their Individual

portunities as a youth missionary, class at the ward gold and green ball. Award for the first time, one to achieve

Primary teacher, seminary student, and A feeling of purpose and group unity 100 percent attendance, and one to be gifted speaker. caused nine of them to come within a responsible for bringing her whole

family into the Church.

October 1967 51 "I asked a successful brain surgeon if he would meet with the boy.

Messages From General Authorities

By Elder

Alvin R. Dyer ship tor

Tomorrow esus once said, "For what is a man profited, I told the boy that I knew it might be possible if he shall gain the whole world, and lose for him to become the finest engineer in the his own soul?"(Matt. 16:26.) For this reason we country, but what would it profit him in the

constantly encourage you not to leave God out end if he had not also strengthened his spiritual of your education. values? I asked a successful brain surgeon and.

I recall working with a group of young men, church leader if he would meet with him and most of whom had just entered college. All but endeavor to show from his own personal experione attended to their church responsibilities while ence how the boy could pursue his university

seeking an education. This one young man, a training while remaining active in the Church.

brilliant student who had attended church reguTheir meeting and discussion turned out to be larly, suddenly stopped coming to church. He very effective, for soon this young student was

told me that since it was necessary for him to again attending church regularly and scheduling work Saturdays and some week nights in order his time in order to keep up his grades. He later

to pay his tuition and other school expenses, filled a mission for the Church. After graduating

Sunday was the only day he could do his heavy from the university with honors, he attended a studying. He said that he still felt the same technical school in Massachusetts. Today he

about the Church, but it was not possible to excel ranks very high in his profession, and he conin his studies and still devote time to church work. tinues his activity in the Church in a position

He was sincere in his thinking, and his grades of leadership.

were straight "A."

FOR OLDFASHIONED

HEALTHGIVING * GOODNESS Richard L. Evans "CORONA"

for use with corn, nuts* The Spoken Word GRAINwheat, MILL etc. Easily adjusts

for fine or coarse

C model Between Parents and Children #1grinding.postpaid. Regular New$9.951 CTSP

model mill with finer

postpaid. of East is often distance should people keep between who too much Rockies $1.00 addThere grinding plates $10.95 either mill. postage on in those that closer—a separates remoteness the same who live Finer grinding plates for old

set $1.95 1 C mill postpaid.

sales tax place. It happens too often between parents and children, who Add in Utah. 3V2%

basically have much in common but fail to open up, to take time to talk "Special"quantity prices to church groups things out, to understand. We see and read of breakdown of respect, on both grain mills and bread mixer.

failure in the home, lack of teaching of children. Yet many who are

young and seemingly indifferent and difficult to teach are sincerely seeking guidance, sincerely waiting for counsel that often doesn't come in a form that is convincing, or at a time when they will take it—young

people waiting for leadership, for a sure and certain sound, and for convincing examples to follow. In a major magazine, this is what one

youngster was quoted as saying: "I don't get authority at home. We're

just a bunch of people who go about our business and live under one

MIXER BREAD sit roof. of I'd like to these find days out from down and One 1 for batch a bread to 4 loaves

1 my makes'is in."to really you. postpaid contagious. believe parents they Conviction what '$13.95 We

must give our children standards they can count on. And even when Utah residents add 49c Sales Tax

they don't seem to take counsel in just any form in which we offer it, ELECTRIC FLOUR MILLS there are times when they will accept what we are saying by the way Home size... Stone ground.

we live our lives, and we should make sure our lives are such as they can safely follow. In any case, we must keep doors and arms open,

homes and hearts and communication open, from infancy, from childhood, from the years of youth, that they may know that they can confide, that they may know they will receive understanding answers, and not, as our Savior said, "stones when they ask for bread."2 Early and always,

quietly and considerately, we must teach them virtues, honesty, morality, causes, consequences, the commandments, the laws of life—not compromising principles when they are searching for solid substance.

Heaven help us to draw closer in communication and companionship, with the courage and conviction to teach our children the things of The finest! 2 sizes

honor, the timeless truths, and let them see and feel the meaning of Write for brochure our teaching in the lives we live, with character and love and quiet Send orders to:

consistency. SMITHFIELD IMPLEMENT CO.

99 N. Main Smithfield, Utah

*"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

Broadcasting System July 30, 1967. Copyright 1967.

Just Published n Quoted in Time, January 29, 1965, p. 57. -See Matt. 7:9; Luke 11:11.

How 88,648 Autumn Recurring Heavy Smokers

By Beulah Huish Sadleir Stopped Smoking

NEW YORK—The AntiTobacco Center of

America has just published a booklet which

Crisp the shining apple, Plenty lifts a promise explains how 88,648 heavy smokers (of whom

Crisp the autumn air, Tall as faith can be: manywithoutarestrainingphysicians)their willhavepower.stoppedThissmokingbookWing to the last bird, October idles on lone hills let is available free of charge to smokers. All

Harvest to the fair. With silken serenity. nameyou needand toaddressdo, totoobtainThe AntiTobaccoit, is to send Cenyour

ter of America, Dept. A- 101 -I, 366 Fifth Avenue, New York 1, New York. This offer is

open while the supply of these booklets lasts.

October 1967 53 Teaching Conducted Church SchoolbySystemthe The Parable ofthe

Part 2

The problem of values is also reasoned judgment on.an issue, he have been intimately conversant

apparent in George's attitude tois offering his personal opinion. with everyday problems that beset

ward the words of the Prophet on The danger in this approach is humanity. These are no "ivory

standards of dress, dance, and obvious. Yet there is no other tower"theoreticians. Through lives

music, as well as in his treatment standard that one in George's posidevoted to counseling and helping of the Prophet's stand on pornogtion can realistically apply. That others, they have developed keen

raphy. His attitude brings up the position calls for a consideration insights into the needs of members

ageold question: when does a of the qualifications of persons the of the Church. These qualities,

prophet speak as a prophet? Lord chooses to be prophets and combined with a prophetic calling,

It seems incredible that that the reason the Lord bothers to have make a prophet's judgments—even

question should be of such great prophets at all. judgments of a personal natureconcern to so many Church memThree major qualifications for most difficult to improve upon.

bers. Fine lines are drawn and prophets may be identified. These Presumptuous indeed is that man

redrawn in attempts to justify perare spiritual maturity, superior inwho would ignore the counsel of sonal opinions that conflict with telligence, and an awareness of the the Lord's Anointed.

the words of the Lord's prophets. practical problems facing the Some would limit the Prophet's

The result of these verbal gymLord's children. Spiritual maturity jurisdiction to religious or moral

nastics is the conclusion that a includes the ability to discover the issues. Anything more, they say,

given statement is "merely"the will of the Lord, combined with is personal opinion. The source of

Prophet's "personal opinion"and the strength to do what the Lord this notion is obscure. Perhaps it

therefore it may be ignored or even asks. No man on earth is more stems from a similar idea in the

opposed. The difficulty lies in the capable in this regard than the Catholic church that the Pope is

standard that George applies to Prophet of the Lord. Few people infallible in matters of "faith"and

determine when the Prophet is would deny the powerful intel- "morals"only, when making a speaking as a prophet and when lect that has been possessed by definitive statement in his capacity his word is to be heeded. That each of the Presidents of the as head of the Catholic church.

standard is this: when the Prophet Church. Or it may be a reverse twist to the

agrees with George, the Prophet Together with this depth of doctrine of separation of church has received revelation; and when spirituality and this intellectual and state. The reasoning may run

the Prophet disagrees with George's excellence, the Lord's prophets like this: If the state can't tell the

Ernest Schulzke, director of the Reno (Nevada) Institute of Religion, church what to do, then the church received his juris doctor from the University of Chicago, after which should in decency refrain from he served as Oregon State Supreme Court law clerk.

telling the state what to do. It

54 Improvement Era

should be obvious that the one ours is a practical church, that it skirts? An apostle of the Lord has

does not follow the other. deals with temporal as well as with written the following about factors

The chief difference between spiritual affairs, I submit that contributing to unchastity:

any head of state and the Prophet whatever comes from the voices of "The worldwide attack on chasof the Lord is that a prophet has those who hold that authority is tity has many facets, all of which insights and information that a scripture, no matter of what they converge on the one point: the

head of state lacks. These he obmay speak. That conclusion to me destruction of virtue.

tains through revelation from the is inevitable. "What are these facets? One of

Lord. Not only is it proper but "Anything and everything that the most widespread is our manner

it is also desirable that the Prophet affects the wellbeing of us Latterof dress, with its direct emphasis should advise on matters political, day Saints or that has to do with on sex appeal, and when we use cultural, intellectual, or fashionour religion, may become part of that expression, we have in mind able when the Lord so prompts that scripture...."(The Improveits literal connotation—an appeal to

him. ment Era, May 1944, p. 270. the sex urge.

Even a cursory examination of What, then, is the Prophet's task? "Mothers and daughters alike

the scriptures reveals that prophets It is to lead, to guide, to direct, and bow to dictum of fashion. They

through the ages have given advice to enlighten the children of God may or may not realize what they on many subjects. People who wherever and whenever possible. do, but let it be understood plainly

have ignored or rejected their adAnd it would seem that God's that abbreviated, revealing clothvice have been proved wrong. The children who are truly committed ing has the base appeal for

Lord has said, "... verily I say to him would welcome any advice which it is deliberately designed."

unto you that all things unto me that the Prophet may give. (Church News, Nov. 26, 1966, p.

are spiritual...."(D&C 29:34.) Now why all of this emphasis 16.)

Indeed, there is nothing that we do on modesty and dignity? What And again:

or fail to do that does not in some difference does it make if a girl's "The Savior teaches: Thou shalt

way affect us spiritually. The dress covers her knees or not? How not steal, neither commit adultery,

Lord looks at all that mankind does can her attitude toward this affect nor kill, nor do anything like unto from a spiritual perspective. Presiher exaltation and that of her it'(D&C 59:6.)

dent J. Reuben Clark, Jr., said: friends? The answer is simple. "That little phrase 'like unto it'

"... there is no limitation as to Immodest dress encourages imcovers a multitude of situations.

the matters to be covered by that modest behavior that too often With respect to chastity, for examscripture of which the Lord speaks. leads to grievous moral violations. ple, does it not cover all approaches

Having in mind that this church of What is so immodest about short to sex sin, including petting, neckOctober 1967 55

"Is bathing suit competition compatible with modesty?"and naive."("Purity Is Power,"

BYU Devotional Speech.

Immodesty may take many forms. For example, how com-

"Movies and literature on immoral themes tend patible with standards of modesty to break down one's resistance to sin."is participation in the bathing suit

division of the conventional beauty contest? How modest is the

daughter of Zion who allows her ing, seductive approaches, and have reached that degree of purity measurements to be broadcast to indecent exposure? which qualifies them for celestial all the world as though she were

"What is indecent exposure? glory and places them beyond sin. some kind of animal? Where is

The courts have a definition of Yet even for men who think only the modesty of a young lady who, their own, but so do simple people pure thoughts, immodest dress is a clad only in a bathing suit, would without legal training who have source of embarrassment. President parade under spotlights and bethrust before their eyes the type Hugh B. Brown has given the folfore television cameras? President

of exposure which is evident wherelowing advice: Joseph Fielding Smith has said:

ever presentday women are seated, "Girls, will you please not follow "The tendency of the times is even in religious gatherings."too closely the fashions of the towards evil. I deplore, and I

( Church News, Jan. 7, 1967, p. 16. day?... if young women knew know my brethren do, the tendency

The use of the word "seated"how good men, young and old, in the world which Latterday should be noted. Many young react to improper exposure, we Saints imitate and copy, as far as

ladies believe that as long as their doubt if they would be so foolish the women are concerned, at least closefitting skirts reach somewhere in their dress....

close to the knees when they are "Some of our good, clean, virtustanding, they are complying with ous daughters vie to become Miss the standard. Yet it is when they America or Miss Utah or California

are seated that exposure really or some other state, and they have becomes a problem and that imto be put on exhibition like prize modesty becomes pronounced. To cattle and go through all kinds of

ignore that fact is to sacrifice the stunts and dress so they have to spirit of the law merely to obey show their bodies. Pardon me for

the letter. In this manner the talking plainly. I think it is dispurpose of the standard becomes graceful that we have reached that

effectively frustrated. point in our lives where, as one

Undoubtedly language such as of my good brethren said several that used in the quoted statements years ago, Virtue, modesty are is shocking to many young ladies dead.'Now we need reformation."

who wear revealing clothing. Often.. (Take Heed to Yourselves! pp.

they are innocent of any sensual 23334.)

motives but are blind victims of In a similar vein, if in a slightly the fashion barons. In their innodifferent context, President Hugh

cence these young ladies have not B. Brown stated:

grasped the truth that many, many "The exposing of the body to men look at them through lustful public view,... is like a 'for sale'

eyes. But that is not all. Even sign indicating cheap, shopworn,

good men and boys can have imor markeddown goods...."("Purplanted in their minds unwholeity Is Power.")

some thoughts that could lead Where is the contest with a them to their downfall. "Christian service"division? or a

But what of George's contention "beauty of character"division?

that "to the pure all things are Dignity and modesty are hallpure"? The fact is that few mortals marks of true sons and daughters

56 Improvement Era

of God. That rule extends to mathibition."("Do Your Standards than we and then to strive to attain

ters of music and dance. The Show?"BYU Devotional Speech.) that standard. George would do

music played by the Lads of the President David O. McKay has well to ask not how well off his

parable is not dignified. Nor are made the following plea: son is, but how well off he could

many of the songs they sing. Some "... we think the test of a be with a little more effort.

of the words of these songs, as well proper dance is not whether the Reference has been made to as much of the dancing that acdancers have evil intentions, but vulgar and suggestive movies and companies them, are vulgar and whether the dance is of such digliterature. Volumes have been

suggestive. Consequently, they are nity and propriety that, even to an written in the attempt to define

not a proper recreational diet for onlooker, it suggests nothing but what is "obscene."No such attempt

one who aspires to celestial glory. style and good grace. After all, will be made here. The United

Yet George and others would conyoung men and women of our States Supreme Court has ruled tend that everybody must "let Church should shun even the apthat a book may not be considered himself go"sometime. pearance of evil, and that is why obscene for purposes of criminal

This is precisely the excuse that we would very much prefer that prosecution unless it is "utterly the world gives for the commission you avoid the current trend of without redeeming social value."

of numerous sins—adultery among what, to many of us, appears to be Under that ruling, much that is

them. There are limits as to how vulgar dancing. There are too undesirable secures a mantle of

and how far one may let himself many fine things in this world for respectability. Latterday Saints

go. Those limits have been set by the young people to engage in will recognize therein a favorite

the Lord through his prophets. Rewithout resorting to dances that are satanic device: that of making sin

fusal to remain within these guidequestionable."(For the Strength and filth palatable by dressing it

lines can result in a loss of one's of Youth, p. 14. in somewhat respectable clothing—

spiritual powers. These observations are not made the easier to trap the sons and

To those who claim to have no by men who look upon the youth daughters of God. Acceptance of

immodest or immoral thoughts as of the Church as depraved. Rather, that standard as our own would be

they engage in similar activities, they stem from a realistic appraisal to court disaster by playing into

Bishop Robert L. Simpson has of the problems that confront youth Satan's hands. Standards for Latmade the following pointed obin its quest for godhood. They are terday Saints must be higherservation: the result of intimate association much higher—if they as a people

"If unsavory thoughts have not over many years with young people are to retain their spiritual strength.

entered your mind as your partially whose dreams have been shattered Movies and literature based upon exposed body is allowed to contort in heartbreak as the result of reimmoral themes, be they ever so in a most unladylike manner, you peated exposure to such situations subtle and entertaining, tend to are most likely just beginning in as the ones described. And these break down one's resistance to sin.

your fad dance recreation. But I observations arise out of a sincere Indulged in repeatedly, they can

can promise you that there are desire to help youth achieve its lead to the acceptance of immoral others on the same dance floor, highest potential. How blessed behavior as something pleasant and

those whom you have chosen to are the members of the Church to to be enjoyed. Many of the soaffiliate with, that are not as naive have living prophets to guide called "cute"movies referred to in

as you are. One or more of the them! the parable fall into this category.

opposite sex is very likely watching In deciding that his son is better Their subtle nature is their most you rather closely. He is likely off playing with the Lads than cadangerous quality. Frequent exmaking plans for you in his future. vorting with youth gangs in town, posure effectively brainwashes their

But I promise you, young lady, his George is falling into a common victims and makes them easy prey future plans so far as you are conerror. That error is the setting up to temptation.

cerned don't even extend beyond as a standard of our progress someSuch movies and literature make tomorrow's dawn. They are all inone who is less perfect than we. light of the privilege of procreation

cluded in tonight. It is a rather There is no surer road to mediwithin the sacred bonds of marremote possibility that a worthy ocrity in things spiritual or riage. There is a vast reservoir

priesthood holder who thinks only temporal. The only way to better of circumstantial evidence that the

in terms of eternity would be anyourselves is to set up as our less subtle and more openly vulgar thing but repulsed by such an exstandard someone who is better materials share heavily in the reOctober 1967 57 sponsibility for many or the sex as the Lord's spokesman. Yet they ceived. It is obedience. It is total

crimes that are a result of deaccept only part of what the commitment to the Lord. It is

ranged minds. Prophet says—that part with which, humility and complete reliance

Let's take a final look at George. on the basis of their own reason, upon the Lord. It is faith in his

Does he really love the Lord with they agree. That with which they word and the word of his prophets.

all his heart? Does he really want disagree, they ignore or get around. It is acceptance of that word even

to know the Lord's will? Does he The paradox is obvious. Despite when understanding in an intelserve the Lord—or other gods? Has their protestations that they love lectual sense is incomplete. It is

he committed himself totally to only the Lord, their actions show love of fellowman. That is the

the Lord? Where does his allethat they do not. price. It would require effort. It

giance really lie? The Savior's What gods do George and Jenny would require change—change of

words bear repeating: serve? The god of social prestige thought patterns, change of atti-

"He that hath my commandand worldly acclaim, the god of tudes, and change of behavior.

ments, and keepeth them, he it is money, the god of Sunday TV, to There is some of George and that loveth me.... name a few. How do we know? Jenny in most of us. We live too

"He that loveth me not keepeth The standard is plain. In case of much in compartments. Our great

not my sayings...,"(John 14:21, a showdown, which god wins? In individual challenge is to become

24.) the case of the B's, the Lord loses a harmonious whole, with the gosThe conclusion is simple. Love too often. George and Jenny claim pel of our Lord permeating that

of the Lord is demonstrated, not desperately to want a closer relawhole and directing its course.

verbalized, by keeping his comtionship with the Lord. Yet they There lies our opportunity for

mandments, not by rationalizing are unwilling to pay the price. The greater spirituality and a closer rearound them. George and Jenny price is not great when measured lationship with our Father in

sustain President David O. McKay in terms of the benefits to be reheaven. O

MADE IN UTAH

Designed, developed, and manufactured in Salt Lake City.

These small pianos have set a new world standard for pianos of this size. Though only 38"and 41"high, they

develop a tonality comparable in quality and volume to many grand pianos that cost double and triple the price, and are described by musicians as being the "only small piano that doesn't play like a toy."These pianos may be

purchased direct from the factory for delivery anywhere in the United States and Canada.

The most popular 38"high console.

Other styles available. Astin - Weight Pianos

since 1959 AstinWeight Pianos If you are 1343 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah 84115 planning to Please send information aboutAstinWeight pianos to: purchase a <

piano, clip Name and mail the Address coupon or City write today.

Edwin R. Astin Donald L. Weight

State Zip Designers of the AstinWeight Pianos

58 Improvement Era tripSo you missed a summer vacation

... lucky you!

Now is the time to travel! The school vacation crowds have gone. Reservations are

easier to get. Summer's heat has given away to the cool, colorful days of Autumn.

And while going Domeliner, with picturewindow, seelevel views, isn't the only way to travel, there's no more comfortable, delightful way to see where you are going, enjoy where you've been.

What's more, there are special savings with our every day Family Fares for husbands and wives as well as families with youngsters!

For information and reservations, see your nearest UNION PACIFIC

Union Pacific Ticket Office or your travel agent. RAILROAD

DOMEUNERS: "City of Los Angeles""The Challenger""City of San Francisco""City of Portland""City of Denver""City of St. Louis'

October 1967 59 3 s nxli nto th< i u < I acl the \ W of i For 30 years and more the pioneer folks of Utah's Dixie had looked with awe at the Virgin River, a stream of uncertain flow and shifting bed. If only that waterHurricane could be controlled for their advantage! Survey after survey followed discussion after discussion,

each ending in the gnawing futility of such a project.

As the decade of the 1890's Ditch dawned, men took a long look at the arid horizons surrounding their own small "dinnerbasket"farms in the river lowlands and at their growing and landhungry sons.

They decided that there must be a way to keep their crops growing in the summer dry season, to build new farms, and to keep the river from breaking the dams and filling their ditches and farms with sand.

It is impossible to know who was responsible for the project's beginning. John Steele of Toquerville

may have envisioned the dam site in the steep rockbound canyon.

Levi N. Harmon, Toquerville's

schoolteacher, thought that a canal opening Hurricane Bench could be constructed. And James Jepson

of Virgin reached the conclusion that it all was feasible.

The meeting to organize the project was held July 11, 1893.

From the minutes of August 25, we read: "The Secretary reported

that the Co. Surveyor had made the

preliminary survey for the proposed Canal, the length of which seven about one half be would and Lest We Forget fifteen miles; a foot would be dam

By Albert L Zobell, Jr. required at the head; about two

Research Editor thousand acres of land can be irrigated; the land is of the best qualThe settlement of the West by the Church goes hand in hand with ity; it would be difficult to give an

the story of water. Wherever there were possibilities for irrigation, a approximate estimate of the cost of

thriving, healthy area grew. This retelling of the making of the Hurribuilding the Canal, until the Surcane Ditch has been selected because, cameolike, it glimpses many of veyor makes the final survey...."

the problems and solutions of hundreds of villages. The bringing of In the government report published

water to parched lands is truly a priceless heritage of the Saints. in 1904, Elwood Mead, for whom

60 Improvement Era Lake Mead is named, reported: signments too difficult could go to for their canal equity.

"Its projected length is 6% miles."the directors for an adjustment. Early in 1902, after nine years

The Hurricane Canal Company Few of them complained. of labor, work came to a standstill

was incorporated September 1, From the beginning this was eswith all avenues seemingly closed.

1893, and actual work commenced sentially winter work. After the Thirtytwo thousand dollars, calcuthat same year. crops were in, fathers and older lated mostly in $2.00 a day labor,

Almost 100 men subscribed to sons went to work on the canal had gone into the project. The

the canal company stock, which while mothers and smaller children nine tunnels, as well as other porwas issued in blocks not to exceed stayed at home to do the constant tions requiring blasting and special 20 shares. These people were inchores on the farms. Food, tools, equipment, were still to be done.

terested in family farms, not in bedding—in fact, everything that James Jepson, who was president

land speculation. Each share enwas to be used—were carried into of the Hurricane Canal Company,

titled its owner to one acre of land, the canyon upon the backs of the came to Salt Lake City seeking an primary water rights, and an equity men that first year. At the work interview with the President of the

in a town lot. No favoritism was sites, the winter sun penetrated Church, Joseph F. Smith, and said:

shown in the land to be made availthe canyon only briefly each day, "We're going to finish the job able; the acreage and the lots were causing the men to suffer discomwhether you help us or not, but if

obtained by drawing. fort from the cold. you don't help us, when it's done

A tax of eight cents a share was Little actual money was to be it won't belong to the people it levied for the cost of the permanent had or exchanged. Economic deshould belong to. Our present

survey. Three cents was payable pression gripped the nation, and lands cannot support more people.

in cash, the rest in "available men from closed Nevada mines Our settlers can't wait."

means."A labor assessment of sought employment. Some were The Church subscribed for

$2.50 a share was made. The surhired, not for money, but for the $5,000 worth of stock. It was not

veyed canal route was marked off promise of a good riding horse necessary for Jepson to borrow, into stations of four rods and asafter the winter's canal work was funds at exorbitant rates. Necessary

signed to shareholders. finished. supplies were purchased for the

Directly at the mouth of the box Slowly the work progressed as heavy work, and the project recanyon, whose sides and bottom the builders weathered physical ceived new life.

were solid rock, a log and rock difficulties, heartbreaking disapWater flowed through the canal dam was planned. Beginning a pointments, and hopekilling disto Hurricane Bench in August 1904

short distance from there, heavy couragements year by year. amid celebration and prayers of

construction was encountered for Although the land to be watered rejoicing.

five miles. The formation was was not filed on until two years The water was there, but the

principally conglomerate and lime after the canal work had begun, it new farms had to be claimed rock, with gypsum found only in was found impossible to meet the from greasewood and cockleburs.

one short section. Nine tunnels, conditions of the DesertLand Act, Ditches had to go to the farms.

with a total length of more than 60 under which the filing was made, Three times the Virgin River tore rods, and a number of rods of and to get the water to the land at the rocks and the logs at the top flumes were to carry the canal within the required four years. So of the canal before it realized that

through and around precipitous the land and the first $500 payit was harnessed.

cliffs. In some cases rock fills, ment reverted to the government. In March 1906 the first settlers

whose permanence was doubtful, An additional $200—fees to attorcame to Hurricane. The Church

were substituted for costly excavaneys and to the United States Land had received acreage and town lots tion. For the first four miles the Office—was also lost. A way was for its investment. These were soon

canal grade was onefourth inch, eventually found for the people to sold for $6,600, less assessments.

and below that, oneeighth inch gain the land to come "under the Because of the canal, fruit could be to the rod. It was to be eight feet canal."But many of the original raised on the farms of Hurricane

at the bottom, ten feet wide at the shareholders, sustaining crop failBench, making it possible for the top, and four feet deep. Shareures on existing farms, moved cost of the building of the canal

holders who found their labor asaway, receiving what they could to be repaid many times over. O

October 1967 61 amily Place in Names VVALto MonmouthshirePrepared by the research department of the Genealogical Society.

WELSH PATRONYMICS A peculiarity of Welsh geneaGronow ap Gwenllian ferch Prince Rhus ap Gruffith.

logical research is the patronymic naming system that prevailed among the Welsh people and persisted in some areas The history of Wales emphasizes that attention was given until after 1800. This system, together with the small number early to genealogy. The second order of bards was entrusted

of different names in use and the lack of adequate records, is with the registering of pedigrees of leading families in the responsible for the fact that many persons who endeavor to country. These men were stateappointed officials among

trace their Welsh ancestry prior to 1880 encounter difficulty whose duties were attending the marriages of men of high in doing so accurately. descent and recording the births, marriages, and deaths that

occurred in such families. The knowledge and practice of

The early Welsh naming system consisted of an individual genealogy was also of paramount importance to the Welsh bearing one given name only. For identification purposes the freeborn. Due to the intricacies of early Welsh land tenure

one given name was followed by ap or ah (meaning son of), and the unchallenged jurisdiction of tribal laws, it was necesthen the father's given name, e.g., Dafydd ap Rhys, Owen ah sary for a member of a tribe, upon reaching the age of 14 years,

Ellis. Old pedigrees, historical documents, deeds relating to to establish his freeborn status within the tribe. This was

land transactions, and monumental inscriptions are replete done in order to be granted his rightful inheritance of cattle with illustrations of recording names in this way. To illusand portion of land and was accomplished by quoting his

trate, the following is a monumental inscription from ancestry for at least nine generations. Since a pedigree was

Llanrhaiadr church dated 1643: open to public scrutiny and challenge by the elders or any

member of the tribe, it was necessary that the pedigree be "Here lieth the body of John ap Robert of Porth ap David ap correct. This ancient tribal tradition is where the practice of

Griffith ap David Vaughan ap Rlethyn ap Griffith ap Meredith listing lengthy pedigrees in early records of the Welsh people ap Iorwerth ap Llewelyn ap Iorwerth ap Heilin ap Cowryd had its origin.

ap Cadvan ap Alawgwa ap Cadell the King of Powys who departed this life the xx day of March in the year of our

Lord God, 1643, and of his age xcv."Introduction of the Surname System With the spreading of

the Norman and Saxon influences, it eventually became fashWhere a mother was recorded in a pedigree, the word ferch ionable in Welsh circles, beginning with the gentry, to take or verch (meaning daughter of) was used instead of ap or ab, a surname. The introduction of the surname system was not

e.g., Owen ap Meredith ap Tudor ap Gronow ap Tudor ap an abrupt change but tended to spread over several genera62 Improvement Era

tions. The first step usually was to drop the ap or ab or to Grandmother's Name The surname

drop the a and attach the remaining p or b to the new surused could have been the surname of name. David ab Owen could have changed his name to the individual's grandmother. Rees

David Owen or David Bowen. Sometimes the first letter of Llewelyn married Gwenllian Lloyd.

the father's given name was also dropped before the p or b They had a son, Griffith ab Rhys, who was attached, e.g., John ap Hugh could have become John in turn named his son David Lloyd.

Pugh. David Lloyd's descendants retained the

The Transition Period A surname may not have become surname Lloyd.

stabilized for several generations. This lack of uniformity may Wife Retained Maiden Surname In

be seen in Welsh parish registers and other records where some some areas it was customary for a marfamilies in the parish have stabilized surnames, some have ried woman to retain her maiden surretained the old custom, while some families evidently followed name after her marriage, and she may a fluid system changing each generation for three or four be recorded under this name in burial generations. In some instances records show the trend of a and other records. A monument inwhole district changing its naming pattern. During the scription in Breconshire reads:

transition period, evidence can be found of confusion existing "Here Iieth the body of Elizabeth with regard to the surname to be used. Entries can be seen Morgan, the wife of Lewis Price, of this

original the where entry surname crossed out has been and town who died 1704, aged 70."

inserted. another In record a marriage century, in the 18th

a bride was named Mary Morgan but she signed herself Mary Child Named After Relatives A freThomas. This situation creates problems for the genealogist, quently used custom was to name

since her father's name could have been either Thomas children (given name and surname)

Morgan or Morgan Thomas. after favorite relatives.

Most nobility had acquired surnames by the 16th century, alDifferent Naming Patterns in Same though there are instances where a surname was not adopted Family It is often found that children until the 17th century and later. Some families of noble or of the same parents followed different

royal descent—but who by the 16th century were of the naming patterns:

middle or lower classes—also adopted surnames at an early

period. Yeomen and gentry tended to fix surnames during Harry John

the 17th century, while many of the farmers, tenant farmers, Griffith ap Harry John Parry and woikers in the lower social scales took surnames during Harry Griffith Richard Parry the 18th century—usually a generation or two in either direcap Harry Thomastion from 1750. Generally the lower the social scale, the later Miles Parry V existed.the patronymic system Illegitimate illegitimate Children An

It was in the areas that are still Welshspeaking today, namely child may have used either the given the north and centralwestern counties, that the patronymic name or surname of the reputed father, system lingered the longest. Some Welsh families continued the surname of the mother, or the given

ancestral naming systems and patterns or variations after name or surname of the family who arriving and settling in America. raised the child.

"Ap"and "Ab"Not Used It cannot be

Various Naming Patterns Create assumed that the absence of ap or ab

Problems for Genealogists means the surname had become fixed.

In South Wales particularly, the patronyFather's Given Name The most commonly followed change mic system was in use but without the pattern in taking a surname was to adopt the father's given ap or ab. Such recordings as "John

name. Iago ap Rhys could have become known as Iago Rees, Howell is the son of Howell John, the

Iago Prees, or Iago Price. Margaret verch John Williams son of John Howell, the son of Howell

might have become known as Margaret John or Margaret Jenkin"are quite common.

Jones. Illustrated by

Fixed Surnames Turned Patronymic Sherry Thompson

Father's Surname Sometimes the son was given the surname Again A further complication is that of his father, as is done today. Owen, the son of John Price, names which had become fixed for gencould have been named Owen Price. erations often turned patronymic again.

Grandfather's Given Name There are instances where the It is never safe to assume—before 1800,

new surname took a form of the grandfather's given name, at least—that even the most English-

e.g., "Thomas Pugh, Gentleman, son of Jasper ap Hugh."sounding surname is a fixed surname and

not a patronymic. William Harman's

Maternal Grandfather's Name In some areas the mother father may not be John Harman but named her firstborn male child after her own people, usually Harman John, though it is quite possible her own father. Godfrey Prydderch married Ann Lloyd, the name Harman originally came from

daughter of Reece Lloyd. Their eldest son was named Reece England, where it may have been a

Lloyd after the grandfather. surname.

October 1967 Locality Names Occasionally the new surname was the name that practiced them to much later dates, even into the 1900's.

of the individual's locality of birth or his residence. David Following is an illustration from the 1851 census returns indiVychan of the town of Moedde had a son named Rhys cating that the wife retained her maiden name while all the

Moedde. The descendants of Rhys Moedde retained the name children were given the surname Jones, a modification of the

Moedde as a surname. Madock Goch had a son Madock father's given name, John: John Pritchard—Head of family;

Cyffin, who assumed the surname Cyffin from a place of that Ellen Griffith - Wife; Ana Jones - Daughter; Griffith Jones—

name in order to distinguish himself from his father. Son; Catherine Jones—Daughter; and Richard Jones—Son.

Occupational Names Identification by occupation, as in many also countries, in practicedother Wales. Dai was Crudd (or PLACE PROBLEMS NAME

cobbler,"(or the Saer "Dai—Crudd)Dai Wil Wil y y Saer) IN WALES AND

the carpenter,"(or the "Wil—Gof)—Go'John "John John y MONMOUTHSHIRE

blacksmith."Saer occupational or might names have Gof The

been taken later as permanent surnames, such as Sayer or Even though Wales and England have been joined together

Gough. for administrative purposes for centuries and have almost

identical genealogical sources, there are certain situations afDescriptive Terms Occasionally a descriptive term immefecting ancestral research in Wales that make it different from diately followed the given name: Iolo Goch—Coch meaning research in England. One of these is the problem of place

"red,"Alun Fardd ap Howell—Bardd meaning "poet,"names.

Gwilym Hiraethog—A range of mountains.

is the Although official language of Wales English, the Welsh

In the examples, the changes from c to g and b to f involved retained Celtic people have their ancient language, with of principles. adding grammatical customWelsh the The a result that the places spelled, are renames of spoken, and

descriptive carried on sometimes term to the given was name in corded of a serves as various ways. number This a

for several the family intent the of part generations on with no genealogical for block stumbling genealogical research, Welsh of taking the as Occasionally a descripappendage a surname.

since little people ancestry having often many Welsh know tive term as a modified accepted was and by descendants or nothing the original about or the Celtic language. Welsh

permanent descriptive surname. Llwyd appendage The

in variety spellings The the spelling ranges old to from Welsh gray)(meaning often taken modified was as the common and attempted anglicized to an equivalent. the English form The

is of Lloyd.surname surname The a modification Vaughan

spellings especially letters certain vary are used in place when the descriptive small). term Fychan (meaning

that are names not in the alphabet. example, there Welsh For

Named for Landowners In North Wales, members of the is no Welsh "k"but the Welsh "c"is pronounced as "k."Thus

Salisbury family were prpminent landowners. Some parents the place name "Cellan"is sometimes spelled "Kellan."There

unrelated to the Salisbury family gave a son the name Salisis no "v"in the Welsh alphabet, but the English "v"is often bury. In the next generation the father's given name used in a Welsh place name instead of the Welsh "f."This

( Salisbury ) was used as a patronymic, and his children and results in the same place name being spelled under either grandchildren adopted Salisbury as their surname. There were variant, such as "Llanumangel"or "Llan/ihangel.*

then several Salisbury families in the district not having kinIt is a common occurrence in genealogical searching to find ship with each other. that the Welsh form rather than the English form of a place

name was recorded by an emigrant ancestor when indicating

Spelling and Phonetic Changes In the course of modifying his place of origin. The Welsh form would naturally fail to

the father's given name to form a surname, changes were somebe listed in any English indexes and references, thus complitimes made that brought about a change of spelling, while cating the identification or location of the place. To illusphonetically the name remained much the same. The anglicizatrate the marked differences, listed following are examples of

tion of surnames also resulted in spelling changes, e.g., the son the Welsh versus the English forms:

of Caradog ab Howell was named Wilcock Cradock.

WELSH FORM ENGLISH FORM Multiple Names and Abbreviations Frequent entries may be found in parish registers and nonconformist records prior to Abertawe Swansea 1800 where a christening entry records several names for the Caerdydd Cardiff father, one or more of which may be abbreviated. Sir Fon Angelsey

Aberteifi Cardigan "Jane Thomas, daughter of Thomas Dd. William James was

baptized 26th May 1732."In consideration of the Welsh versus English identification

problems, Lewis's Topographical Dictionary for Wales lists

The abbreviation Dd. stands for David, and although the ap's (often but not always) both the Welsh and the English

were not recorded, the entry was intended to identify the versions.

father as Thomas ap David ap William ap James. Without

substantiating evidence, it is impossible for the genealogist to Phonetic interpretations of place names often yield such determine from such an entry whether the parent was known corruptions as: Townroost—While phonetically this is not far

during his lifetime as Thomas ap David or Thomas David or removed from the original, the original is totally unrecognizable

Thomas Davies or some other variation. to the unfamiliar in its changed form. It is meant to be

Llanrwst.

Patronymic System Generally at an End by 1837 The patronymic naming system and the various old naming customs were Shimon—This is intended to be Sir Fon, the Welsh version

generally at an end by 1837. There were families, however, for Anglesey.

64 Improvement Era A town with a name like Rhosllanerchgrugog or Llanddewi Most maps and reference books do not record such a place.

Brefi could well have a variety of phonetic misinterpretations. One source in which this particular place can be found is in

an ordnance survey map published by Her Majesty's Stationery

Many of the spelling problems that arise are due "to attempts Office. It shows "Capel Sant Silin,"which over a century

to pronounce unusual Welsh syllables. For example, Llan is ago was a hamlet in the southwest corner of the parish of

pronounced "Hlthan."The letter "w"appearing in the middle Llanfihangel Ystrad in County Cardigan, with a chapelry of

of a word is pronounced "oo"as in "roost."Thus, "rwst"in the established church dedicated to St. Silin (hence its name).

Llanrwst is pronounced "Hlthanroost."Places spelled with Few traces of the village remain today.

more than one word can cause additional trouble. For example, Rhoscrowther (Rhos y Crythor in Welsh) could be written Because of the commonness of the names of persons, there

in a variety of strange ways. being many men called John Thomas, for example, in a particular parish, it became necessary to describe each conAs in many countries, Welsh place names are often descriptemporary John Thomas in greater detail so that he could be

tive. Some Welsh place names begin with "Aber,"which identified. Thus, John Thomas the blacksmith could be

means the mouth of a river. A number of places begin with identified from John Thomas the shepherd. For the same rea-

"Llan,"which means an enclosure, such as a house or a son, Welsh emigrants often stated their place of birth as the church. Thus Llanbedr translates as "the church of St. Peter."farm (most farms had a name) on which they were born and

Pont is translated as "bridge."Pontvane is the town where the not the parish in which they were born. Such farms are not

bridge crosses the river Gwayn. usually identified on anything but a large scale map.

Many place names are common to two or more counties. The Genealogical Society has prepared its own Gazetteer of

Bettws is found in the counties of Carmarthen, Glamorgan, Wales (call number 914.29 H5519, 5 volumes) which inMerioneth, and Montgomery. Dyffrin is found in the counties corporates all places listed in Bartholomew's Gazetteer, Lewis's

of Montgomery, Pembroke, and Merioneth, with three such Topographical Dictionary, Crockford's Clerical Directory, The places in Glamorganshire. Parish Register Abstract, and Burke's Key to the Ancient ParAs in all countries, place names have evolved over the centuries, ishes of England and Wales. The gazetteer does not include

and accepted standard spellings of any place are of quite farm names, but the Board of Celtic Studies of the University list has prepared Wales of a farm some names in A Ysgeifiog, parish and village in Flint, of origin. Using arecent

( Place call Welsh of Soc. Gen. Names 914.29 number REF GazetteerW as: referred to it wasas an example,

148d). The National Library of Wales at Aberystwyth,

NAME YEAR NAME YEAR Cardiganshire, is helpful in answering inquiries on place name

Schiviau 1086 Skauyoke 1302 problems in Wales.

1550 Ysceifioc 1254Escynant 1610 SUMMARY Skifiog 1284Esceiuaus

Skeynyave 1292 Yskeifiog 1699 It is often difficult to determine from many early Welsh records, without supporting evidence from family or other sources,

Genealogists should first attempt to confirm that any leads which name an individual used in later life, and because of they may have were actually place names. Sometimes perplace name problems, it is often difficult to determine where

sonal names and other words may be mistakenly accepted as in Wales an ancestor lived. This difficulty of name identificaplace names. To illustrate, Tachwedd is Welsh for November. tion in most Welsh records up to the close of the 18th century,

Such a word could easily be misconstrued by the unskilled due in part to the patronymic naming system, together with the researcher as an oldtime personal given name or as a place place name problems, makes it imperative that all available name. record sources containing genalogical information covering the

Townships, hamlets, etc., within a parish are sometimes known locality and period of time in question are thoroughly examined

by the same name as the parish itself, in either its Welsh and analyzed for identifying clues and evidence. This must be

form, its English form, or both. The parish of Hope in Flintdone in order to establish correct pedigrees.

shire is called "Estyn"in Welsh. Hope contains a hamlet In spite of the problems facing persons performing Welsh

called Estyn and a township called Hope Owen. Each of genealogical research, a great many extensive Welsh pedigrees

these names are known to have been used to designate the have been compiled that have been verified from deeds, exparish itself. Eastyn or Hope, Eastyn in Queen Hope, Queen tents, manorial records, and other public records deposited at

Hope, and Estyn Al's Queen Hope were other names used in the National Library of Wales, Aberystwyth, and in public the seventeenth century for the same parish. and college libraries throughout Wales. Quite often if a pediPlaces are often known by different names at the same time. gree can be traced to a landowning ancestor in the 18th or 17th

In searching for a town or parish, it is well to be aware of centuries, there are good prospects that a pedigree is on record different spellings and variations by which they might have for many generations although generally lacking in dates and been known. In Breconshire, the town of Tyr yr Abad, otherplace names. The Handlist of Manuscripts published by the

wise Newchurch, otherwise Llandulas, was also sometimes National Library of Wales lists hundreds of ancient pedigrees known as Aberdulas. and other important manuscripts. By permission of the National Library, the Genealogical Society has microfilm copies

Importance of Using Best Maps, References, Etc. Sometimes of many of these.

an ancestor was born and reared in a village or hamlet that has long since ceased to exist and which is not listed in most For information regarding the major genealogical sources for references and maps. If the ancestor recorded his birthplace as research in Wales, see Series A, No. 1 of this research paper

"Capel Sant Silin in County Cardigan,"without a knowledge series entitled Major Genealogical Record Sources in England of the locality an attempt to locate this hamlet might fail. and Wales. O

October 1967 65 The Most Wonderful

Not long ago I sat next to a man at a dinner party. They greeted me in a friendly manner and asked

We talked of many things, and I enjoyed his company me what I knew about the Mormon Church. I said

very much. Toward the end of dinner, he said he nothing, and then they asked if I wanted to know

would like to tell me about the most wonderful thing more.

in his life, He then spoke of the joy he and his Did I want to know more? I had never spent a

family received from hiking and camping together. moment even thinking about the Mormon Church,

"To be on the mountain on a cool night,"he said, so why should I want to know more about something "and feel the wind blowing all around you and see I wasn't even interested in? I was ready to tell them

the clear, bright stars and have your family there this, but something stopped me. They looked so

beside you is the most wonderful thing in the world!"hopeful.

he declared. He leaned back in his chair and smiled "Well... I guess I do want to know a little more,"

in satisfaction. "Yes, that's the most wonderful thing I said reluctantly.

I can think of. Can you think of anything finer?""When?"one of the young men asked.

"That does sound nice,"I agreed. "Yes, I can tell Oh, dear, now I was trapped. Why hadn't I said

you of something fine, something that has turned out no? "Some time soon,"I answered evasively.

to be the most wonderful thing of all for me.""How about tomorrow?"

"I'd like to hear about it,"he said with interest.... Trapped! Well, I'd brought it on myself. A time

It all began just after we had moved to Long Beach, was agreed upon. They wrote down my name, shook

California. My husband, Charlie, a naval officer, was my hand vigorously, and went away smiling. I

away on his ship at the time. This particular morning, couldn't help smiling myself. What were they so

as I was getting our two younger children dressed happy and enthusiastic about? Just being young, I

to go out shopping, a knock came at the door. I was guessed. But if they had a home, four children, and

in no hurry to answer it since I knew no one in Long a seagoing husband—well, there was just too much

Beach, so I continued dressing the baby. I couldn't to do to go around smiling all the time!

get Sallie's little hightop shoes on her because she All smiles were gone the next morning when I kept curling up her toes. The person at the door remembered with annoyance that those young men

knocked again. Annoyed by such persistence, I gave from the Mormon Church were due to come back

up on the baby's shoes and went to the door. There in a few minutes. I had completely forgotten it until

stood two young men. then, and I hoped they had forgotten too. The chil-

"Yes?"I said, in my most impersonal voice. dren were quiet, and this was a good morning to get

66 Improvement Era The true story of a young mother's recent conversion.

things done. My missionaries continued to come, sometimes to

Knock! Knock! give me a lesson and sometimes to visit and answer my

No, they hadn't forgotten, and here they were increasing number of questions. The lady from the

again—big smiles, Bibles, and all. The next thing I Church also came often, and we became good friends.

knew, I was smiling too. Within a few minutes we We discovered that we shared many interests—we both

were talking like old friends. They told me about liked to sew, cook, and do creative handiwork.

Joseph Smith and the early beginnings of the Church. By now I admired and respected the Mormons and

It was all very interesting. But in just a few minutes their Church more than any other group of people

it was over, and the young men, who I'd learned were I had ever known. The missionaries had asked me to

missionaries, were folding up their equipment and pray about the things they had been teaching me. I

closing their Bibles. made attempts at it, but praying was difficult for

"Is that all?"I asked with disappointment. me. As thrilled as I was with the Mormon people,

"Yes, that's all,"one said with a smile. I was becoming discouraged about ever believing

I was truly disappointed. I wanted very much to their doctrines and gaining that inner contentment

hear more of this new religion. they all seemed to have.

"We can come back and give you another discusThen one day the answer to my prayers came.

sion, if you'd like."The missionaries had been praying very earnestly

"You can? Oh, that would be wonderful. When?"about some things that they realized had concerned

"How about Tuesday?"me. Their perceptiveness and sincerity touched my

That would be fine. I wouldn't forget this time. I heart in such a way that I suddenly realized that

could hardly wait! everything they had been telling me was true: Christ

Tuesday came, and the missionaries gave me andid restore his Church to this earth; it is here with

other interesting lesson. I was beginning to see that us today. Joseph Smith is a prophet of God. The

the Mormon Church was a subject that could not be Book of Mormon is the word of God. The joy this

discussed and dismissed in a day or two. By now I knowledge brought was so great that I wanted to

had a collection of pamphlets and a Book of Mormon laugh and cry at the same time, and I think I did.

that they had given to me. I read the pamphlets My whole former self seemed carried away with a

eagerly and began reading the Book of Mormon. rush of love and gladness.

Then the third discussion came, and I was asked to It has been several months since my baptism into live the Word of Wisdom. Coffee and tea were the The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. The

only things I needed to give up, but I was really wonderful joy I felt on the day of my conversion has reluctant to do it. The missionaries suggested that I not left me but is constantly increasing. The world

try giving them up for one week. During that time, seems to have changed, but it may be that I am just

I was to ask our Heavenly Father if I were doing the seeing things for the first time as they really are. As

right thing. The next morning I went into the kitchen I begin to open my eyes to the beauty around me, I am

and drank a glass of milk instead of my usual coffee, filled with an overwhelming love for our Heavenly

There was no doubt in my mind that I was doing Father.

the right thing. Even the tiny shining wings of an insect and the

It was about this time that a lady from the Church clear brightness of a star seem placed there just for came to see me and invited me to attend a Relief me to enjoy. Each task in my home is a reminder of

Society meeting with her the next day. This was to the blessings and trusts that I have been given. Each

be their first meeting of the new year—an opening day is vital and fresh and exciting,

social—with a program, a luncheon, and a nursery for The two missionaries who introduced the gospel to

the children. I carefully looked at the lady. She was me have moved on. I will always remember them

very attractive—smiling, and sincere, and she looked with great love and gratitude. They have given me a

as hopeful as the missionaries. It was impossible gift so wonderful that sharing it is the only way I

to say "no"to these Mormons! can express my appreciation to them. Charlie, my

I went to the Relief Society meeting and was very husband, is not a member yet, but I know that he impressed with what I saw. Never before had I met soon will be. He is asking the same questions I once

so many friendly and lovely ladies. Something else asked and speaking with the same admiration of the

was there too—something that touched my heart with Mormons that I have felt.

a peace and serenity I had never felt before. With "The gospel is the most wonderful thing in my

a combination of excitement and satisfaction, I life,"I told my friend at dinner that night. I tell this

thought, This is where I belong! to everyone I know. O

October 1967 67 THIS YEAR SEND SEASON'S GREETINGS Presiding Bishopric's Page

... Priesthood Photo the

Responsibility cmsIN COLOR! to Act

This made the second time that

John had missed priesthood meetCOLOR ing in the month and a half since

CARDS* he'd been ordained a deacon. Why

COMPLETE with ENVELOPES hadn't he been there? Was it partly

to his associations at school? 25 POSTPAID due

I TO YOU Or did the real reason lie in the fact that John just didn't realize 50, with envelopes... how great his responsibility was as

100, wiih envelopes. S I9 L a priesthood bearer?

SEND YOUR FAVORITE KODA-. Brian had been the deacons

COLOR NEGATIVE quorum president for several

WITH ORDER months. These thoughts had been

going back and forth through his mind as he waited for Dan and Bruce, his counselors; Mike, the

secretary; and Brother Henry, their BLACK & WHITE

to the quorum PHOTO CARDS:* adviser, to come presidency meeting.

.. with 25, envelopes..$1.50

The quorum was doing very

... 2.75 envelopes with 50,

100, with envelopes.. 5.00 well. However, Brian was well

The warmest and most personal aware that much of their success

Christmas greetings of all—your as a quorum was due to the fact

favorite picture of your family that most of the quorum members together—in gorgeous color, or had homes where the parents knew

attractive black and white, and the responsibility their sons carried the cost is so low! It is sugas priesthood bearers, and they supgested that you order promptly ported their sons fully.

—no guarantee of delivery can John was a little different, howbe made on orders received after

ever. His home was not ChurchDecember 1. Sorry, no imprintoriented as were some homes and ing at these special prices.

his close associates at school were

ILLUSTRATED NEW "SLIM LINE"CARD, ACTUAL outside of the quorum. Because of

SIZE, 3'/a"x 7"- SATISFACTION GUARANTEED this, Brian was beginning to see what the bishop had meant when he had counseled him carefully as 1 SAM'S PHOTO LAB to the responsibility the Lord had | P.O. Box 1115, Dept. AA, Salt Lake City, Utah placed on him as a quorum presi-

1 PLEASE PRINT dent.

Just then Brother Henry came through the door of the chapel, and

NAME PLEASE FIND ENCLOSED: $ behind him were the others. They

for CHRISTMAS CARDS went to a nearby classroom, and the | ADDRESS quorum presidency meeting began.

COLOR KODACOLOR NEGATIVE ENCLOSED 1 CITY STATE BLACK & WHITE NEGATIVE ENCLOSED It was Brian who conducted the

Residents of Utah add 3%% State Sales Tax

68 Improvement Era business of the meeting. The him in such a way that he'll want assist John this week so that he

presidency planned the quorum asto take a real and an active part in will feel more a part of the signment for the following week, priesthood. I think that the only quorum?"

and then they focused their attenway of doing this is to help John "I think we should call John totion on each young man. They see how important his priesthood night and make an appointment to

started with themselves and evaluis and how great his responsibility meet with him as a presidency ated their own standing, then the is as a bearer of the priesthood. some evening this week,"replied

other quorum members'positions, Brother Henry, do you have any Brian. "Brother Henry, could you

as to the assignments filled, meetsuggestions of how we can best do help us with suggestions of how to ings attended, and memorization that?"conduct an interview?"

and reading completed. When they Brother Henry smiled and said, "Certainly,"agreed Brother

reached John's name, Brian inter- "I think you young men have done Henry. "I also wondered if you

jected a comment. "I'm a little some good thinking. Perhaps the would like the lesson in priesthood

concerned since John wasn't at handbook can provide some help meeting Sunday to center around priesthood meeting this morning. in our plans with John."priesthood responsibility."

This makes the second time he's Brian replied, "Of course! I know "That sounds great,"replied

been absent since he came into the just what you're referring to, Brian excitedly. "And I'll assign

quorum a little over a month ago. Brother Henry. Why didn't I think two of the quorum members to

I've been thinking that we should of that before?"Brian quickly take a few minutes and explain

be doing a little more to help him turned in his handbook to the secwhat their responsibility is as right now."tion on the duties of deacons quopriesthood bearers."

"I saw him this afternoon,"said rum presidencies. "Here, listen to Bruce added, "My father is the

Bruce. "He said he just couldn't this—this sounds like part of our home teacher assigned to John's

get up this morning."answer: 'Meet as a quorum presifamily. I'll suggest to him that he

Brother Henry, who had been dency with each newly ordained might discuss priesthood responsilistening carefully and quietly as deacon and explain the responsibility on his next visit."

the presidency was efficiently conbilities of a deacon and the The meeting continued and the ducting the business, commented, opportunities for exercising his details and specific assignments "I've had the same feelings as Brian; priesthood. Have him commit himwere worked out. They then closed

I think we have a real responsiself to do his duty and to uphold their meeting, seeking the Lord's bility with John."And then very the standards of the Church after help with their quorum and his

wisely Brother Henry turned the they have been reviewed with him.'blessings on each member—and

problem back to the presidency, We've been overlooking this part they particularly mentioned John.

"What do you think the quorum of our responsibility as a presiThe group left the chapel and presidency can do, specifically, to dency. started toward their homes. Brian

help John realize the responsibility "Take John, for example. If we decided to take the long way home

and blessing of the priesthood?"invite him to our next presidency's and go by John's house and make

Dan said, "I don't think any of meeting and explain to him his rethe appointment for the quorum us knows John very well. Although sponsibilities and opportunities as presidency to visit him. He saw

he's been in the ward, we don't a priesthood bearer and then comJohn out in his backyard, and associate with him much at school. mit him to do his duty, this will be Brian went around behind the

Maybe we ought to go over and something that he will remember. house. For several minutes the two

invite him to play ball with us. This will also put a responsibility young men talked. As they did,

And there's the Scout camp that's on us as a presidency to conduct they began to feel the warmth of coming up next month. These ourselves in such a way that John the brotherhood of the priesthood.

activities may help him to feel and the other quorum members As Brian left John's yard and more a part of us."can see that we have committed turned toward his own home, he

Bruce quickly nodded his apourselves to uphold the Church felt that that evening they, as a proval. standards just as they have compresidency, had made a good beBrian said, "I agree with you, mitted themselves."ginning to help one of their quoDan. These are things we shouldn't "I think we're going to have a rum realize that priesthood is not

overlook, and we should get started much better quorum because of only the authority to act in God's with them right away. But it seems this meeting,"Brother Henry said. name, but also the responsibility

to me that we need to approach "Now what do you plan to do to to act in his name. O

October 1967 69 The abbreviation for SaturdaySat—does not apply to what should

really be done on that day, especially if Sunday is to be a day of rest and a holy day. A busy Saturday makes it possible to have a

Sunday that is a Sabbath.

What the family wears on Sunday should be Saturday's problem.

What the family eats on Sunday should also be the concern of Saturday. It's as easy as that. This

does not mean that work consumes the whole of Saturday. It simply

implies that planning ahead is necessary if Sunday is to be what the Lord has commanded us to make of it. This commandment

reaches into this twentieth century.

If one is to be efficient Monday through Saturday, it is necessary that Sunday be a day of worship and rest. Also, obedience to him

who gave the law dictates that we "rest from our labors on the Sabbath."Organizing our Saturdays for a restful and holy Sunday should not exclude family fun. Shopping for

Sunday can be done on Friday.

Washing, ironing, and mending Sunday clothes can be done earlier in the week. Even the preparation

of Sunday's dinner need only occupy a small part of Saturday—

that is, if mother is organized.

That word organize is a tricky one. It doesn't mean to regiment,

boss, scheme, contrive, plot, or push around. It has a gentler

Today's Family

By Florence B. Pinnock

Illustrated by Dale Kilbourn meaning. When a mother orga- 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce Pineginger Mold

nizes, she arranges with care, she y22 eggsteaspoon pepper (6 servings) bread crumbs forethought; plans uses she ahead, % cup gelatin lemonflavored as diPrepare cup milk

gingerrected, substituting 14 ounces all this a happy % comes and from orderliness. We have been told Dressing Layer ale13ounceand y4cancupof liquidpineappledrainedtidbitsfromfora

that our Heavenly Father believes the water. Chill until slightly thickened;

bread crumbs 2 cups fold in drained pineapple and then celery diced cup finely Chill until place molds. in 6 individual in law and order; so his day should 3/4

be one of serenity, of tranquility, of 1 egg firm. Serve with whipped cream and

calmness, and of order. If we ac11 tablespoonsmall onion, meltedfinely choppedbutter sprinkle with nutmeg.

parsley 1 teaspoon minced it is as this in our complish homes, Menu #2 teaspoon sage ground l/4 if frustration the from we stepped salt (or more, if desired) teaspoon DayBefore Chicken* yz and confusion of the week to an y4 teaspoon pepper Extra Large Fruit Salad

Muffins Bran island of peace. A mother can be Sandwich* Cream Combine all the ingredients in the meat Crunch Ice

the leader who prepares on Friday layer; mix well. Combine all ingredients

and Saturday and organizes the in the dressing layer and mix well. DayBefore Chicken

Place onehalf of meat mixture in a home in such a way that Sunday is 9x5x3inch loaf pan. Add the dressing (6 to 7 servings)

a day of spiritual calm and rest. and top with the remaining meat. Cover

and place in refrigerator overnight. 4 pounds chicken parts

Right attitudes about the Sabbath Bake at 350 F. for one hour before 3 tablespoons shortening

must be built. Every member of time for the Sunday dinner. 1 can condensed cream of chicken

soup family the follow will then of milk soup can her lead Yam Puffs 2/3 poultry seasoning to a day different Sunday yA teaspoon make from the other six. Soon this day (6 servings) Dashy3 teaspoonof peppersalt (or more to taste)

paprika teaspoon Vi will the of the week. apex until become tender. 2 pounds yams Cook

in carrots, cut lengthwise 6 medium light in cream, beat then cup Mash, right y2 Let us plan begin and now quarters salt, grated butter, teaspoon cup y2 Y4 small 8 onions for a of dinmonth Sunday menus yolks. 1 Fold orange, rind of 2 egg and

1 frozen lima package (10ounce) stiffly whites. in Spoon beaten egg 2 ners. gather Families should beans casinto a greased mixture 1%-quart

around the dinner table and enjoy serole. Sprinkle top with y4 cup Brown the chicken in shortening and

in store pecans. Cover and broken casserole. place in a 2-quart Discard this other each can on this day, and

until refrigerator before minutes 25 milk, drippings. seaStir soup, and family with be mother done and with serving in oven Sunday. on Bake heat. carrots together sonings and Add

working together the day before meat loaf until lightly browned. and onions. Cover and cook over low

stirring heat for about 10 minutes,

Sunday. the lima beans cook Add and Cauliflower With Cheese Sauce often.

stirring often. until separated, Pour

(6 servings) over chicken. Cover and immediately

Sunday Dinners Prepared on refrigerate until 1 hour and 15 minutes

Saturday 1 mediumsized head of cauliflower before serving on Sunday. Bake, cov-

1 can condensed Cheddar cheese ered, in 375 F. oven for 1 hour. Uncover and bake 15 minutes more or soup Menu #1 until chicken is tender. milk y3 cup

Dash of nutmeg Loaf Strata* Meat Yam buttered bread crumbs cup Crunch Ice Cream Sandwiches Puffs* y4 Sauce* Cauliflower With Cheese slices bacon, 5 cooked and crumbled

Hot French Bread (9 servings) Green Salad in boiling salted water cauliflower Pineginger Mold* Cook in Place drain. until tender, and shal2y21 cupscup flakedoventoastedcoconut rice cereal

low baking dish; cover and set in re- 1 cup firmly packed light brown

Meat Loaf Strata frigerator. Make sauce of soup, milk, sugar

until Stir smooth. nutmeg. stick) butter, (1 cup melted Rey2 in refrigerator. (6 to 8 servings) andserve, covered, Before nuts chopped cup finely y2 over sauce pour serving on Sunday, 1 vanilla quart ice cream, Meat Layer cauliflower. Sprinkle with crumbs and softened

bake with meat loaf and yams until Combine cereal, coconut, brown sugar, 2 pounds ground beef hot and bubbly (20 to 25 minutes). butter, and nuts; mix well. Spread half

iy2 teaspoons salt Sprinkle with bacon before serving. of mixture on bottom of 9-inch square

Tips for mothers on how they can make Sunday a restful and holy day.

October 1967 71 pan. Top with vanilla ice cream, Veal Rolls Pepper

spreading it evenly over the cereal mixture. Spread cereal remaining mix- (6 servings) Vt3 cuptablespoonsflour shortening

ture until over ice cream. Freeze firm. Vz cup water—add more, if needed in squares Cut ready when to serve pounds veal steak or cutlets,

on Sunday. cut V-inch thick Remove bone from the veal steaks.

2/2 cups bread cubes Cut in pieces about 5 inches long and

Menu #3 2 tablespoons grated onion 3 inches wide. Combine bread cubes,

Va teaspoon sage onion, sage, nutmeg, and melted

Veal Rolls* Corn and Celery Bake* Vz teaspoon nutmeg shortening. To make veal rolls, spread

Baked Potatoes Green Bean Coleslaw* Va cup melted shortening mixture thinly on center of each piece

Pumpkin Custard* Salt of veal. Roll individually and fasten

with wooden picks or wind with fine string. Season. Dredge with flour and

seasonings and brown in shortening.

Store covered in refrigerator. Add

water and cover tightly. Cook in a 350

F. oven for about 45 minutes or until

tender.

Corn and Celery Bake Richard L. Evans

(5 or 6 servings) The Spoken Word 1 can condensed cream of celery soup 1 tablespoon minced onion Dash pepper Rearview Living 11 cupcan crumbledwhole kernelsodacorn,crackersdrained 2 tablespoons butter People are given to wondering what would have happened if they Combinea quart soup,casserole,onion,arrangeand pepper.alternateIn

had done differently: what would have happened if they had turned layers of corn, soup mixture, and

the other corner; what would have happened if they had taken the crackers;store in refrigerator.dot with butter,Bake cover,in a 350and

other job; what would have happened if they had married the other man; F. oven for 25 minutes on Sunday.

what would have happened if they had seen the doctor sooner; what

would have happened if they had chosen the other road. Of course, Green Bean Coleslaw

we can't help wondering, but these are things we seldom know for (5 or 6 servings) certain. We can speculate as to the probabilities of what might have Pour 2 tablespoons each salad oil and

been, but seldom, if ever, could we definitely determine the full and lemon juice over iy2 cups cooked ultimate consequences of the decisions we didn't make, or of the things greensalt andbeans;a dashsprinkleof pepperwith y2andteaspoonchill to

we didn't do. Even if we could go back, and even if we did decide blend flavors. Toss with 1 quart (one

differently, we should still have cause to wonder, because almost every pound) finely shredded green cabbage, mayonnaise, and cup l/4 y2 cup almonds.choice we make means passing up many other possible choices. No slivered stand Cover and let

doubt all of us have some regrets and misgivings, and no doubt all of overnight in refrigerator.

us think at times how our decisions could have been wiser and how Pumpkin Custard our lives could have been better. But one of the greatest wastes in the

world is brooding upon the past. This doesn't mean that we shouldn't Bake your favorite homemade pumpregret past errors. It doesn't mean that we shouldn't think how we would fusskin pieoffillinga crust.as a custardChill withoutcovered thein

face a similar situation if we should meet with one again. Nor does it refrigerator overnight. At dessert time,

mean that we shouldn't repent and improve upon the past. Surely we topof offfinelyeach crushedcustard withpeanuta sprinklingbrittle

should and must. But those who look too much upon the past, those crumbs.

who think too much about what might have been, are running something of the same risk as the driver who keeps his eyes too much upon Menu #4 his rearview mirror and is inattentive to the road ahead. Experience Oven Round Steak* Buttered Peas

is a great teacher. It is the road we have been over. But the wrecks ParsleyJelliedMashedBeet Salad*Potatoes*

in the rear aren't the ones we are now trying to avoid. It's the curves Sliced Fresh Peaches garnished with

ahead that count now. Whatever mistakes we have made, whatever Softened(frozen peachesVanilla orIcecannedCream

debts we have incurred, whatever duties we have deferred, our only peaches may be used) way out is ahead. This is life's inflexible formula. What has been and

might have been may well serve as a warning—but what may yet be is Oven Round Steak

our cause of first concern. (6 servings)

4 tablespoons seasoned flour *"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia 2 pounds round steak (cut %-inch

Broadcasting System July 16, 1967. Copyright 1967. thick)

72 Improvement Era 2 tablespoons shortening 1 can condensed cream of mushroom

can water soup% soup sour cream COMBININGPROGRESSIONTHE FASCINATION OF LIFE WITH THE ANTICIPATION OF ETERNITYy2 cup

Pound the seasoned flour into the steak. sides steak both on Brown the

LARGE, FULL FOURCOLOR, DOUBLE FOLD PLAYING BOARD, DEPICTINGin shortening. blended the soup Add

with the water. Cover and simmer for THE PLAN OF SALVATION FROM THE PREEXISTENCE

about 45 minutes. Stir often. Cool TO THE DEGREES OF GLORY

and store covered in refrigerator overnight. Carefully heat about 20 minutes

before serving Sunday. Just before

serving, stir in the sour cream. THE ONLY LDS GAME DESIGNED

FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY TO Parsley Mashed Potatoes PLAY TOGETHER

QUESTION A ANDPrepare potatoes as NOT seasoned mashed

IT GAME. ANSWER

inusual. Fold grated Parmesan THE TEACHES GOSPEL

parsley,cheese, a dash and chopped

IT. PLAY AS YOU

of freshly pepper. ground

Jellied Beet Salad MAKES GOSPEL Drain 1 can diced beets and add LEARNING enough water to the juice to make iy2 FUN—

cups of liquid. Heat liquid to boiling TEACHING

and add 1 (3-ounce) package lemon ENJOYABLE flavored gelatin. Stir until dissolved STIMULATES QUESTIONS

and add 2 tablespoons vinegar. Chill FROM CHILDREN. GIVES PARENTS

until partially thickened. Fold in diced OPPORTUNITY TO EXPLAIN THE GOSPEL.

beets. Spoon into 6 individual molds.

Chill overnight and serve on greens for Sunday dinner. GAME - VISUAL AID

MISSIONARY TOOL Home, DEMONSTRATES:

Sweet Home PURPOSECONSEQUENCESOF GOSPELOF DISOBEDIENCEORDINANCES

PRINCIPLE OF REPENTANCE IMPORTANCE OF WORK FOR THE DEAD

Stained glass windows are atAND MUCH MORE tractive to most people. Light is

beautiful through red and green ASK FOR IT WHEREVER L.D.S. BOOKS ARE SOLD

and gold. Try making these delicious stained glass candies for Please Send PROGRESSION

your next family home evening, OR ORDER DIRECT FROM I Enclose $4.95 plus 17c Tax Each

and see the glow in the windows LOWE & RICHARDS (On orders NOreceivedPOSTAGEin OctoberNECESSARYor November* only} (eyes) of your children as they 60 EAST 1700 SOUTH enjoy these colorful sweets. BOUNTIFUL, UTAH Name...

84010 Address Stained Glass Candies City State Zip

1 cup white sugar V2 cup light corn syrup cup water flavoringVa teaspoon |l""cinnamon, w r—schoolCHURCH & coconut,oil—peppermint,or anis (buy r** m\

these oils at the drugstore) I II Umm La FURNITURE PROTECTFood for the peppermint,coloring—greenred for the cinnamon, yellow your copies of

for coconut, the a combination and The Improvement Era of red blue for the and licorice CATALOG* Folding Chairs & Tables * Stacking with Chairs an foil;Line a 9x9inch with pan extend

| Blackboards Lecterns foil foil sides.the over Butter the the Hat Coat Racks &

well. Butter a sides of the TABLES!TABLES! quart sauce- i j-. i- nDelivery! Immediatei r-1- I ERABINDER THAICHAIRS!PCI sugar, and thepan syrup, combine and $2.50

boil;water. stir until Bring to well a Era The Improvement

isthe dissolved. sugar to a hard Cook

crack or stage to 300 the Adirondack276-H Park Ave. So.; N.Y.C. 10010 79 South State Street F. Remove

Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 Points Shipping CHICAGO

DALLAS BOSTON—PITTSBURGHATLANTA LOS ANGELES

October 1967 73 before heat the from candy flavoring color. the andit changescoloring Hindsight Add

and pour onto the foil in the pan. As

soon as the edges begin to harden, cut Carpeted stairways can be a strip a the edges off around V-inch quickly; to (work use problem to keep clean and free you may like

scissors). Cut the strips into V-inch from lint. For the inbetween

until pieces. this Continue doing all cleaning, dampen a square of nylon It cut. the has been candy hardens

quickly,.so it is well to have helpers. net with water and quickly brush

Don't try batch. to double the Make down each step. It works and is a different flavor another of and color.

You will be pleased with the results. so easy.

100% PROFIT $50.00 CASH every time 10 members of your

group each sell 10 bottles of Granma's Pride (12 oz.) Vanilla and/or Lemon Flavoring at

$1.00 each.

100% PROFIT! The 12 oz. bottles of Flavoring

$1.00! for groupcost each—sell

lc! 100 Order EVEN INVESTMENT!your onlyNOT50cNO to Richard L Evans bottles 6 weeks today. up to Taketo 500

send payment. Give your name, title, phone

number and complete address, the name, address, etc. of 2nd officer, name of group,quantity of each desired, and nearest Freight The Spoken Word

Office (no parcel post). Extras sent FREE to

cover shipping cost. OFFER OPEN TO

GROUPS ONLY! WRITE TODAY!

As If With Stiff Bristles Howwithoftenstiff bristles,"do we seesaidmenSamueland womenSmiles, set"so themselvesthat one dareaboutscarcelyas if approach them without fear of being pricked! For want of a

little... command over one's temper [or resentment],"he continued,

"... enjoyment is turned into bitterness, and life becomes like a journey

barefooted among thorns and briers and prickles."1 These sentences

GENEALOGY thesuggestirritatingthe tension,trivialities,the andmoodssometimesand misunderstandings,serious offenses, thatthe hurtcausefeelings,people who live within the same walls to surround themselves with something PICTURES of a shell, almost as if there were physical separaters. Husbands and

SEND ANY SIZE ORIGINAL PHOTO wives sometimes become so separated, in feelings, if not in physical (OR NEGATIVE) AND ONLY fact, sometimes because of little or even large things that could be cor- $1.00 rected—people who could recover what they have lost or feel they have

lost, who still could find the respect, the confidence, the communicaFOR tion that once brought them together, that once caused them to commit themselves to each other. And despite difficulties, irritation, and someBEAUTIFUL BLACK & WHITE times perhaps things more deepseated, still with patience and kindness

GENEALOGY SIZE REPRINTS often there can come again a closeness of confidence and companAND ONE 5X7 ionship and a halt to letting things drift in the wrong direction. Often

BLACK AND WHITE ENLARGEMENT what is needed is not so much change of places and people as a

ORIGINAL RETURNED UNchange within ourselves inside. If there has been drifting in a wrong HARMED

VERY FAST SERVICE direction, or.if less important things have been allowed to pull people

PREPAID BACK TO YOU apart, until there is change inside there is no assurance that there can be a better life, and when there is change within, there is no assurance

SEND EXTRA MONEY IF RETURN BY that the differences cannot be reconciled, with an opening up again

INSURED MAIL IS DESIRED. of the channels of understanding. Let none of us be strangers within

the walls in which we live our lives. Let there not be "stiff bristles, so

that one dare scarcely approach... without fear of being pricked."

\ CORPORATICCORPORATION *"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

Broadcasting System July 2, 1967. Copyright 1967.

1Samuel Smiles, Character: Temper, ch. viii.

P.O. BOX 2307 DEPT. E9

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84110

74 Improvement Era credit card. A CONOCO No wonder Conoco Credit Cards are better than quality products—valuepriced gasolines, new

ever. A Conoco card turns "one buck"sales into motor oil, big battery assortment, tires, and highfill-ups. It pulls in strangers looking for a familiar profit accessories. Conoco dealers know how to

name... businessmen who charge all travel exturn sales and service into actual profits, too. They

penses. Reduces the dealer's risk of losing large get technical and management guidance, mersums of cash. It's prestige, too. chandising help, "Hottest Brand Value"premiums,

And now Conoco Credit Cards do more than ever. employee training, financing, and travel service

They're honored at Master Host Motor Hotels. materials.

They allowourdealers to cash cardholders'checks Conoco doesn't stop there. A powerhouse marup to $30 (and back them with our guarantee). keting concept presells. The Hottest Brand Going

Conoco CreditCards give customers up to 6 months'has flashed into orbit in ads on TV, billboards, free financing on TBA purchases, and up to 12 newspaper, radio, direct mail, and point of purmonths with just a small service charge. Plus, of chase.

course, the convenience of charging gasoline, oil, Shouldn't you get facts now on all the advanand services. tages Conoco jobbers and dealers enjoy—including

A hard working credit card typifies the backup the story on our betterthan-ever credit card?

support Conoco dealers get in selling a full line of You'll get a charge out of it.

Ride the Hot One!

Brand Going CONOCO Hottest1967 Continental Oil Company

October 1967 75 T

Ten Demandments

of a Progressive Latterday Saint

By Phyllis Murray BONNEVILLE 1. demand of yourself a straight

OFFICIAL GASOLINE and narrow course, neither sidestepping nor stopping along the way. The man of decision cannot

be stopped, and the man of indeNATIONALS cision cannot get started.

2. demand of yourself no excuses,

neither offering alibis nor blaming the other fellow. Develop those

great qualities within yourself with which you have been endowed.

3. demand of yourself tolerance.

Our most profitable business is the process of personal growth—and

letting others grow also.

For an independent refining and marketing company to 4. demand of yourself a disposition

become established, and continue growing, there is only that is not easily offended. It is

one answer: QUALITY. FrontierBeeline gasoline quality is best to be a person of action and

proven annually at the Bonneville Nationals. Last year 27 not of reaction to every opposition

national records were broken by automobiles using Frontierand misunderstanding.

Beeline gasoline. Try a couple of tanks of FrontierBeeline 5. demand of yourself a day's work

gasoline with CA7. Prove it to yourself. for a day's pay. Be a body who is

busy, not a busybody.

6. demand of yourself thrift, and

THE keep out of debt. You owe so

FASTEST GAS 7N THE WES much to yourself, you can't afford to owe anyone else.

7. demand of yourself honest praise

for others. Real people need no THE FRONTIER REFINING COMPANY

OFFICES IN: NORTH SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH DENVER, COLORADO sugarcoated hosannahs, only apCHEYENNE, WYOMING FARMINGTON, NEW MEXICO preciation of work well done.

8. demand of yourself curiosity to

gain knowledge, remembering that when we do gain knowledge it is only a cup from an ocean of knowlCHOIR FESTIVAL MUSIC edge. Thus we also gain humility.

Sing All Ye Righteous SATB Onward, Ye Peoples! SATB 9. demand of yourself selfcontrol,

Saviour, Will Like Lord Zion a Shepherd Comfort SATB for those lead the world must who SATB Lead Us Is Gospel Truly the Power first learn themselves. to lead In Safe Hands Thy SATB of God SATB

If With All Your Hearts (SSA) Lord Bless and Keep You SATB 10. demand of yourself profit from

Heavenly Light SATB Hallelujah, Amen SATB your failures. Defeat is a destrucNew lists available for SSA—SATB—TTBB—SSAA. tive force only when accepted as

failure. It will be a turning point

your life if used as a steppingwi "supp'y at y ur reQ uest - in j J*b% ff% Afjf\ We stone. O

Broadway, Idaho Falls, Idaho 'W PlUSlC CO 327

76 Improvement Era Yeast bakers: there's no

need to dissolve the yeast when you bake this new quick easy Rapidmix way with new mproved Fleischmann's Yeast No warming the bowl.

3 worry about water temperature.

) risk of killing the yeast.

And the results are better than ever before. See easy details on

every package of new improved Fleischmann's Yeast. And get

'65 great new Rapidmix recipes in Fleischmann's New Treasury of

Yeast Baking. This lively colorful

32page cookbook is FREE, yours for the asking. Ask now.

Rapidmix—the revolutionary new yeastbaking

method—has been developed for you by

Fleischmann's, the people who brought yeast to this country 100 years ago. For exciting Rapidmix

recipes, get the great new Fleischmann's Treasury.FleisckNewTrre<*sury Just mail this coupon—quickly. f Yast Baking

To: Fleischmann's Yeast

P.O. Box 36-B, Mount Vernon

New York 10557 Please send me the FREE Fleischmann's New Treasury of Yeast Baking, featuring great new NoDissolve..

Rapidmix recipes.

Name

Address

State (BE suae to include your zip coc

The Church Moves On

July 1967

Mrs. Alta Hansen Taylor, 61,

wife of Elder Henry D. Taylor, Assistant to the Council of the

Twelve, died following a long illness. Funeral services were sched-

(U and I home economist) says uled for July 10.

Trilba J. Lindsay has been

appointed secretarytreasurer of the Primary Association, sucPeaches ceeding Mary Lou Bruun. She has

served as assistant secretary for a year. and Pears Ruth Jane Dall, University Thirare now beenteenth appointedWard, Salt toLakethe City,generalhas

board of the Primary Association and will serve as assistant secretary. RIPE 'N READY

Fruit to pack in lunches... slice for salads... serve The appointments of Barbara

with cheese...or eat fresh, topped with pure U and I Jane Vance, Stanford (California) Ward; Carlos E. Assay,

South Cottonwood Sixth Ward;

Carolyn Dunn, Tooele First Ward;

U and I Sugar puts the "magic of D. Evan Davis, BYU 47th Ward;

Sugarplum Land"in every jar of G. Leland Burningham, Holladay

jam or jelly you make, every bottle 18th Ward; Rex D. Pinegar,

of fruit you put up... or freeze. Pleasant View Third Ward; and

It preserves color, flavor, and Eldon Puckett, Orem 24th Ward, texture. Commercial canners and to membership on the Deseret Sunfreezers will tell you it's the finest day School Union general board

partner you can find for locally were announced.

grown fruits.

With President and Sister David O. McKay in the 162Makes life sweeter unit Salt Lake City parade, the

Home produced.. of120ththe Mormonanniversarypioneersof theto thecomingvalley of the Great Salt Lake was

appropriately noted. There were

U and I SUGAR COMPANY Factories in Garland and West Jordan, Utah;

near Idaho Fails, Idaho; Moses Lake and Toppenish, Washington.

78 Improvement Era celebrations, some lasting a week, in many Mormon communities. One of the nicest

Americas Witness for Christ, the Book of Mormon pageant, began tonight at the Hill Cumorah, Palmyra, New York. This year things we can say

there will be six nightly performances.

Robert Borovicka won the for Knabe is that medalist and senior honors in the allChurch golf tournament played at the Alpine Country the Met won't sing Club in northern Utah county.

Larry Summerhays won the veterans'division, and Mitch Voges the junior division. without it

In the United States this was Over forty years ago the Metropolitan a day set aside as a national Opera made Knabe its official piano.

day of prayer for peace and reconWe've been with the Met ever since.

ciliation in the racial problems. Which says a lot for the way we sound.

find you Sutherland, When Stevens,Earlier in the week the First PresiCorelli Callas and all agreeing dency stated: on something, it must be

"We would like to commend something. That's why

President Johnson for his declaring you'll find Kna a day of prayer and we heartily pianos at leading institutions concur. We request members of such as Brigthe Church everywhere to join in ham Young and

supplication for relief from the awUtah Universities.

ful effects of intolerance, greed, We go to great, and racial disturbances. lengths to get

"Let us also implore our Heavartistsmake ourto lovetoneus. conWe

enly Father to give inspiration and sistent and beautiful wisdom to the leaders of nations Our action swift and responas they attempt to deal with the sive. On stage, that's vital. Off

chaotic conditions which seem to stage, our fine furniture look is just as be beyond the wisdom of man."important.of having a You'llgood lookingget a lotstarof ofpleasurethe Metout

Knabe Wm. & in living your room. Not to the mention East Rochester, Co.,NewInc.YorkAugust 1967 good pleasure sound that Division comes of from Aeolian it. A Corporation.

Mrs. Nada Rich Brockbank,

53, wife of Elder Bernard P.

Brockbank, Assistant to the CounTREE-OFLIFE STONE CHI'S TOURScil of the at Twelve, died home Decorative INC. TRAVEL AGENCY,

Plaquefollowing a heart attack. So. State, Salt Funeral 179 Lake City, Utah 84111

Missionary services were scheduled for August tool 4 in the Holladay Stake Center. Join our Fabulous tours to Teaching aid

HAWAII, SOUTH AMERICA, Authentic scaled reSOUTH PACIFIC productions of the of Life""Tree or MEXICO, ROSE PASADENA PARADE The appointment of Wilford (Stella "Lehi in Izapa). Stone"stone, scripture 5, This special the world A around tour early discovered is Mexico, "external of the evidence"to the M. Burton general 1968. have of other tours Book of the Mormonin and many of We Tree Life. Booklet

Dr. M. Wells Jakeman, Ph.D., BYU, free—withboard of the Deseret Sunday by planned for your enjoyment—group or purchase of"Stone.

individual.School Union was announced.—**- Stone is 7"x9". $9.95 ppd.

California residents add 5% tax YOUR FOR MORE TRAVEL TRAVEL $

El Charitable Monte Enterprises 322 1205 PHONE

Utah Avenue, 3222 California El Monte, 91731

October 1967 79 Happiness is Floyd Eugene Batman was sustained as president of Columbia River (Oregon) Stake,an Electric Dryer with Wilford Everett Thatcher and

Douglas W. DeHaan as counselors.

The First Presidency announced plans to construct temples in Provo and Ogden, Utah, in meetings with stake presidencies from the two areas.

"Leadership—our challenge

today"is the theme of the fiveday biannual LDS ExplorerEnsign leadership conference opening today at Brigham Young

University.

The First Presidency announced the following appointments: Rolland L. Jaussi,

recently released as president of the Irish Mission, will be director of the missionary home in Salt

Lake City. He succeeds Lorin L.

Richards, who has been appointed S director of the visitors center adElectric Dryer Reduces Ironing. You'll save hours that add up to jacent to the New Zealand Temple.

days in ironing time with the rising list ofpermanentpress clothes, Lewis H. Hunsaker has been apwhen you dry them the nameless electric way. Gives you much pointed director of the visitors

more time for your family and church work. center adjacent to the Hawaii

Temple.

The gentle tumbling action of an electric dryer fluffs clothes The appointment of Jack A.

so they no longer need ironing. They are ready to wear immediPacker to the general board of the

ately. Young Men's Mutual Improvement

Costs Less To Buy, Maintain. An electric dryer costs less to buy, Association was announced.

install and maintain, and is clean as light.

Note Because it's electric, it's better.

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. zineLastminutemakeup sometimeschanges inbringmagaon

a multitude of problems. This

happened in our September issue, material 3839 when on pages and F00D STORAGErRAISE $50, $100l 50 5859 switched were because a of. forevenyour church$500or group BOOKLET color problem. The result was that

What Should We Store? the fine article "Project Family

I 200 ship you on credit inStoring to Prevent Spoilage Night,"which was planned to assorted of packages spiring Prayer Grace Notes on Specific Foods jump a doublepage ad, ended up Napkins. Have 10 members sell packages 20 50f? Rotate Your Perishables, Etc. jumping the article "What Should

each. Keep $50 CASH,

send me $50. Mail postGroup Rates Available I Wear to Conference?"It was FREE card for free samples, demost confusing, and we offer our tails. obligation. samples No D. W. BATCH Dept. WADE, ANNA at sent ELOR apologies for the mixup. 61 Beacon Ave. Lynchburg, Va. 364DW,

once 24505. LAYTON, 84041 UTAH

ANNA WADE Dept. 364DW, Lynchburg, Va. 24505

80 Improvement Era It's American Western's Policy to Protect You,

Over the years, thousands upon thousands of Western folk have found security in the policies of American

Western Life. And as each new plateau of growth is

reached (now licensed in 9 Western states—over

$80 million insurance in force), it means that more and more Westerners are reaping opportunities and benefits.

Insurance policies are broad in coverage, generous in benefits, and low in cost—written expressly for the

needs of people living in the West.

Fiscal policies keep Western dollars in the West to bolster the Western economy.

Employment policies provide unlimited opportunity to energetic, honest, personable people who want a future serving others.

Operational policies are simple: serve our

customers—and serve them well.

And above all else, it's American Western's policy to protect you! Call your nearest

American Western agent for the full story of this growing, vibrant giant.

American Western

Life Insurance Co.

247 South 5th West Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

An Old Line Legal Reserve Co.

Buffs and Trinity Baptist Church Rebuffs We at Trinity Baptist Church congratulate you upon your methods in meeting your young people and coping with their problems, and we comCanadian Centennial mend your programs to all who are blessed with the privilege of rearing

Brother William Sykes'article on children.

Canada (July) stated that three misWoman's Missionary Union sions are operating in Canada, but all Trinity Baptist Church proud Mormons in Canada know that San Antonio, Texas there are five—the New England

Mission in Newfoundland, New Bruns- A Serviceman Writes wick, and Nova Scotia; the Canadian

Mission; the Western Canadian Mis- I am writing this letter as a long

Service beyond sion;and partthe AlaskanCanadianof Manitoba is workedMission;by foroverduethe expressionEra andof mytheappreciationbolstering

the call of duty missionariescentral U.S. missions.from one of the northstrengtham presentlythat canservingbe foundwith therein.the U.S.I

is what you can expect when you It might be interesting to mention Navy on a destroyer that has just insure through an independent inthat missionary work among the completed six months of action in surance agent. He's on your side Frenchspeaking Canadians is a very Vietnam. During this time and the

when you need help most, because recent thing. When Elder Thomas important periods that we had for

he's free to pick and choose beMonson was president of the Canaliberty and relaxation, I found mytween several fine insurance comdian Mission in 1961, a Frenchself constantly engaged in a personal panies. agents. We're independent to maintain orstruggle district was missionary speaking my "Mormon

finest in car, the us for See home, Toronto individualism."brought These periods ganized. President Lamont

or business insurance. organized a French zone in 1965 and constant harassment and ridicule be-

a second zone in 1967. Now the cities cause my ideas and conduct were not

Trois shipmates. of Quebec, There of that Laval, most of Montreal, my CO. J. GRANT HEBER & Chicoutimes that not and Rivieres, had I had Shawinigan, were many City Salt Lake General Agents, of curthe fresh priesthood timi, more population and and the total with a

than three million people, are being rent advice from the Era, I perhaps worked by Frenchspeaking missionwould not have been able to come aries of the Canadian Mission. through it so well.

I really like the Era. I used to be Ken Bradshaw

disappointed with the literature it U.S. Navy

published but recent changes have really improved things. Visiting the Persian Gulf?

Elder Bruce Findlay Canadian Mission Many times I have read of the farBLACK & WHITE flung nature of the Era. I wonder if

Hezekiah's Tunnel I am your first reader here in

she issue thoroughly, article Under Tunnel "Hezekiah's each wife reads The most England. Inciwas (August) it to LIVI9 8 exposure Bahrain, Persian Gulf. After my City"roll the sends Holy me from

I have It is the first read dentally, interesting.

solid through this construction Bahrain, DEVELOPED & PRINTED on ifwhyanydon'tSaintsyou passlook throughme up? IN JUMBO SIZE rock. It makes one wonder how long John H. Carmichael

12 exposures 504 20 exposures $1.00 it took to tunnel that distance. It Royal Air Force

36 exposures $1.50 also brings home what can be accomBahrain, Persian Gulf

to the instructions of the prophets Genealogical Series of God. COLOR FILM plished by men if they will give heed

President Howard S. McDonald Your recent research reports on DEVELOPING Salt Lake Temple available genealogical material in difKODACOLOR Salt Lake City, Utah ferentful. I'mcountriessure manyhas havebeenbeenmosthelpeduseCapitalization of Deity by having them printed. To us who

are not trained researchers, these

I've noticed in reading the Era that articles give us information and you do not capitalize pronouns refertherefore more confidence to go ahead ring to God or Christ, and have often with our work.

Paul Lambert Mrs. publicaGranger, words. Utah COLOR SLIDES wonderedtions I readwhy.do capitalizeMost otherthese

Is there any reason why you do not?

J. H. Haroldson Death of a Pioneer

Boise, Idaho For those who might be interested:

Following a directive to us from the On June 22, 1967, Brother Henry

First Presidency, we follow the style Kaulaokeahi Nawahine died at

of the one 96, stroke. and religious and words talization He was of PHOTOSGENEALOGY used in the standard works for capiKahuku, Hawaii, as a result of a left those of all remaining prowho case few lower Thus, terms. we of OLD NEGATIVES MADE the in to there moved Utah unless and to Hawaii Deity referring nouns each. PRINTS 604 PHOTOS, settle Iosepa. His at to early 1900's procase in the is ambiguity, as of

of NEGATIVE, 54 each nouns referring to others appearing daughter, Lilly, of the Laie Second in 1911. in Iosepa born or Ward, was confusion the same sentence, C.O.D.'s in coin only—no Send

clerk E. King, ward the LeRoy pronouns antecedents when about Guarantee MoneyBack Laie, Hawaii used. are

SAM'S PHOTO LAB P.O. Box 1 1 1 5 Dept. AA Salt Lake City, Utah

82 Improvement Era... Criow GfvauabU

Cske Jjook of Jnormon On bivincj Uolor!!

PROMISED LAND PUBLICATIONS. INC. introduces a new fully illustrated, multicolored, pictorial reconstruction oi the historical record

called The Book of Mormon. It is presented in several volumes and

is entitled "ILLUSTRATED STORIES from the BOOK OF MORMON."The price of each volume is $6.00. MORMON MANUFACTURES PLATES

This publication will entail about 1500 pictorial accounts AND MAKES HIS ABRIDGMENT.

which illustrate the various cultures sustained by populations spoken of in The Book of Mormon. A reconstruction of their geography, natural resources, architecture, art, textiles, ceramics, tools, weapons, etc.

has been conducted by prominent archaeologists, Each volume is a large 9"by 12"and is historians, anthropologists, and theologians... printed on heavy weight, high quality

Immediately associated with each pictorial paper and bound in a hard back scene is a digested narrative explaining it. cloth cover. The first volume is 120

Adjacent to both is the entire Book of pages; it contains 77 individual

Mormon text relating the events. pictures, many of which are

L twopage12"by spreads18". measuring

Deseret by News Press. H. Mr. Raymond |W Printed

for years Jacobs, many *W associated with Walt Disney Productions, prepared the art work. Dr. Clinton F. Larson

compiled the narrative.

I is availableVolume now LEHI'S VISION OF THE DESTRUCTION OF JERUSALEM.

direct the firm'sonly through sales representatives or by mail order. Subsequent volumes

will be offered as soon as they yUt are ready. There remain some territories available for individual /dirt*.

representation.group sales A specialor &+nL

program has been developed for fundraising projects. If interested indicate

on coupon below.

PROMISED LAND PUBLICATION, INC., 163 EAST VINE ST.,

MURRAY, UTAH 84107.

Please send copies of VOLUME 1—"Illustrated Stories from the

Book of Mormon—@ $6.00 plus 21c tax and 50c for postage and packing.

I enclose $ for Volume 1. Or send C.O.D.

( ) I am interested in being a sales representative for this product. Please

contact me.

( ) I am interested in the group fundraising program.

Name Ward

Address. Stake.

LDS BOOKS 15% CASH SAVINGS ON OVER 500 LDS BOOKS 20% savings on some titles All the qreat drug FREE savings,Details onor howdetailsto obtainsent withLDS yourbooks order.at a

THE CHURCH AND THE $2.00 NEGRO

postpaid L. Lund (reg. $2.50) John

THE MORMON TABERNACLE CHOIR'S GREATEST HITS CllCloUUfJ ICu,

Mono (reg. $4.98) $4.23

Stereo (reg. $5.98) postpaid$5.08

$4.21 SINCE CUMORAH

postpaid Nibley (reg. $4.95) Dr. Hugh THE FOURTH THOUSAND ssys v Ous

YEARS $5.90postpaid (reg. $6.95) Skousen I Cleon W. "n $4.21 FASCINATING WOMANHOOD

postpaid (reg. Andelin $4.95) B. Helen rpci i jtpn BOOKS BEST THE OF OUT Tnm 3. 2, 1, Vols.

1 to 4 books each $2.51

each $2.36 or more 5

postpaid Clark & Thomas (reg. $2.95)

OFFICIAL MISSIONARY BIBLE—MB3 I I lUl Leather, Persian Morocco

(reg. $13.50) $10.80 o UUlalt; Lined Fabric

Thumb Indexed Ed. (reg. $14.50) $11.60

Leather Zipper Cover—Black postpaid

(reg. $1.95) $1.66 i i<sp

in Gold Lettering Imprinted hv Name $.50 additional me

If order if Residentsis for lessof Arizonathan $3.00,add 3 addpercent10c saleshandlingtax. charge.

LDS MAILBOX BOOKSTORE Hobson St. 2454; 346 S. P.O. Box

85201 Arizona Mesa, tnpKm 1 \m*/ %mmArivnririnV I I I %m*09 1 1 #

Offer good only in U.S. and Canada

These Times

By Dr. G. Homer Durham

Try Lyman's President, Arizona State University

VITAMINS and Drugs MINERALS Drugs are a growing concern in tensive report he made to the

Less than 2<t a tablet these times. What does responsible AAAC committee on "Science in

scientific opinion have to say conthe Promotion of Human Welfare."

HIGH POTENCY cerning the subject? A drug is defined by Modell as

Science, the weekly journal of "any substance that by its chemical

ALL NATURAL the American Association for the nature alters structure or function

Formulated to equal or improve Advancement of Science (AAAS), in the living organism."Certain

on many tablets selling for 5 or is published each Friday in Washdrugs are useful in combating 6(j: each. ington, D.C. The issue of April disease. There are also adverse

Clip and Mail or Write 21, 1967 (Volume 156, No. 3773) effects. In addition, he writes,

contained an interesting article "Pharmacologic effects are exerted

Lyman, Don 2431 Highland Drive, entitled "Mass Drug Catastrophes by foods, vitamins, hormones, Salt City, Lake Utah

Please send Daily Supply Tablets, and the Roles of Science and Techmicrobial metabolites, plants, snake postage free. nology."venoms, products of decay, air

minerals, pesticides, pollutants, syntablets Walter author 500 was Dr. The $8 -95

OuantitvQuantity * 10Q tabi(As $1 all foreign virtually thetic chemicals, pharof of the department 95 Modell

Name.... macology of Cornell University materials (very few are completely

Medical College, New York City. inert), and many materials norAddress. His writing was based on an exmally in the body."

City

State..Zip.

.ft.

Improvement Era 84—

The last newspaper Drat! What won't I ran into said something

they dump in here The neighborhood encouraging about next? Take heart. is going to the dogs. water contamination.

It said U. S. Steel, for one thing, Best news In fact, in the last 15 years

has dug a well thousands of feet I've heard U. S. Steel has spent

deep for waste disposal—since the $200 million for quality

(Gulp!) to keep it out of the water. whale swallowed control of water and air.

I have a drinking Air is for Why are you so bitter, Irving?

the birds lem.

Steel mS) United States

October 1967 85 Men probably learned first of stimulant at all."

pharmacologic action in the use He calls tobacco "Pocahontas's of poisons. Later, with the slow Revenge."Cigarettes are described

growth of science, some drugs as a known carcinogenic agent, under skilled use attained theracontaining the deadly nicotine poipeutic value. Some were used for son, "used as an insecticide."

apparent "pleasurable effects."Modell notes that before World

"Thus,"says Modell, "nonmedical War II more tobacco was conuse of drugs in early history laid sumed in the manufacture of nicothe foundation for what is still one tine insecticides than for smoking.

Prices of man's most important social Now the situation is reversed: "We

are LOW problems and, beyond dispute, the use other poisons for the insects in Idaho most important of the mass adverse and reserve the tobacco for oureffects of drugs—addiction."selves."

all L.D.S. styles include Some 50 temple The article then discusses alcohol, Morphine, cocaine, hashish,

in white parchments. and latest designs

Matching Mormon albums, napkins, other tobacco, opium, cocaine, cannabis marihuana, mescaline, LSD, and accessories. One day rush order service. (marihuana and its like), caffeine, their like are all discussed. "Since

barbiturates, and others. LSD has gotten out of the hands of

Alcohol is described as "one of the authorized experimenter, indisthe oldest drugs deliberately used criminate, uncontrolled use and

Send 25c for catalog & samples, refunded on first order. (50c if air mail desired.) for a currently accepted pharmaexcessive dosages of, and serious

REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440 cologic action,"pointing out that reactions to, these drugs are comName acute, fatal alcoholic poisoning was mon."LSD is described as being

Address probably rare before the ninth far more potent "than any psycheCily, /uiic. Stale - century a.d. Distillation was dedelic drug previously known, far

veloped at that time. Potency was more potent in fact than any other

process, "producing a quicker kick,"future medical potential may be enLEARN IN THE added to the older fermentation drug acting on the brain."Its

LAND OF ZION saysadditionalModell. poisonousBut there properties,also came dangeredand stupidbynonmedicalcurrent indiscriminateuse.

making "alcohol a serious problem "All the great drug catastrophes,"in the Western World."Hence, he says Modell, "were caused by drugs

writes, "alcohol has probably affecting the central nervous sysOLLYWOOD caused more disease than any other tem. None resulted from medical

drug in man's history. It is a major usage; all resulted from deliberate

disability; the cause of social there are nonmedical layman or use by EADTY to poison. at least socially accidental exposure useless 2,500,000

alcoholics in this country and "Experience with catastrophic

OLLEGE isaboutcurtailedas manyby alcohol;whose productivityit accounts reactionsdrugs thatto actdrugson [shows]the centralthat

for countless broken homes, broken nervous system are the most fremarriages, serious automobile acciquent cause of mass disaster...."

HOME OFFICE: 245 SO. MAIN

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 841 1 1 dents, and other tragedies—and He goes on to emphasize that "the

much of our crime. It is also danger of mass catastrophe becomes

The beauty profession is fascinpleasurable, habitforming, and adsubstantial only when the drug ating and exciting. dictive and causes physical disease, escapes from control by the mediYou can learn to be a leading psychosis, and death. Although cal profession and into the hands

hair stylist for such little cost. used as a universal remedy in mediof the layman...."

Train with the Nation's Leading cine until recently, we now know With respect to everyday use of

Cosmetology Instructors, and that it has no important theramany items, he asks, "Were tobacco the of Salt beauty enjoy Lake peutic actions; it is a mild, prompt introduced as a new drug, would

leisure during hours. Valley your

Write to Mr. James R. Trapp for sedative and a poor antiseptic; it is our society... accept or reject it?

information. not, as is so widely assumed, a Would we permit a known carACCREDITED BY THE NATIONAL ACCREDITING

COMMISSION FOR COSMFTOLOGY SCHOOLS

86 Improvement Era Proven Successful... Reassuring!

FAMILY FOOD STORAGE PLAN PermaPak 1-year plan is easy, economical!

cinogenic agent to be used for anything but the treatment of Pay less than $100 per family member for a whole year's balanced food supply. Choose from

cancer?"PermaPak's famous "Use Today or Store Away"

On tea and coffee ("a drug that dry and dehydrated foods... such as wheat, flour,

causes pleasurable central stimulafruits, vegetables, onions, potatoes, gelatin turn tion and waste of time during desserts... and exciting new meat substitutes

... for tasty, nutritious,working hours, a habituating and and freezedried foods

addicting drug that is now sanclow-cost meals.

tioned by an established position SEND COUPON FOR FULL DETAILS "Store Food Today for a Rainy Day'

Family Surdiscover PermaPak's:in Also—East asks, South PERMAPAK, 2430 40 of the every day"), he meal

vival and Kits Emergency Camping Food City, Salt Lake 84115 Utahif these stimulants "mild"Grinders, were Electric Grain Kits and Hand Please FREE, the following: send me,

introduced today, would they "be Bread Mixers, etc.; ] Food Storag s Plan CATALOG

considered desirable, acceptable, fj] Survival Kit and Camping

INFORMATIONor adverse?"PERMAPAK40 E. 2430 So., Salt Lake City, Utah 84115 Group Discounts/FundRaising PLAN

are constantly needed. Phone 4869671 (8C1) New drugs Name My

of Residents Southern California contact:

Ar)Hrfl<:*Miracles are being wrought now Kernel, Katella Avenue, The Wheat 7554

StntA ZiD.by pharmacology. Nearly every Stanton, Calif. 90680—Phone 6351352 City IK10-67

family has benefited from the advancing pharmacology developed by recent medical science. The EARNMONEYwitch doctors in the world are fast $50, $250, $500 or More

disappearing. It should be clear tight bulbs are easy to sell because they are

needed in every home. Revere bulbs have an

to all, however, especially the extra selling feature. They are guaranteed in

bulbs years. Conventional to last for 3young, that experimentation is the writing

have a life expectancy and guarantee carry no province of the responsible, trained of only r3 the life of a Revere bulb.

reProfit of 40%. Guaranteed No investmentscientist. The layman, young or

for credit. can bulbs quired. Unsold be returned

old, looking for "kicks,"may stir Write for a free brochure on how to make

Bulbs. selling Revere money than witches'worseup brew and

j LightTODAYMAIL in involved crimebecome and Dept. BL97 'Company I Revere

[ Pa. 18509 Scranton, St. 911 Columbia

disaster through of being ignorant i individual are an if you 2 Check the full individual and social con- I Name Check if you represent an organization. I

sequences. In this day of crowded 'Street & No.

urban living, fastmoving machin1I City -State..Zip.

ery, automobiles and aircraft, The YOUR ORGANIZATION FOR Voice EARN MONEYweapons and gadgets, society can

YOURSELF OR ill afford ignorant a Prophet and irresponsible Christmas L.D.S.! I! Card assortPersonal of

behavior. There is probably no A new record album for every attractivement. 25 box.beautiful8 designs.cards Selland forenvelopes$2.75 perin

worse hell than drug addiction. Latterday Saint family, in honor box. Your commission per box is $1.25. We

reshipped postage. same Order day

Start.00 for box. The modern world can, on the ofHearPresidentthe Prophet'sDavid voiceO. McKay.with payceived. sample Send $1

other for the of inspiration hand, well afford words to encourhome, in slip to: below

spirituality, individual, PRINTING CO. libernow by MAGAZINEsending support science theage and medical gospel, restored ty, marriage, the Temple West 2255 South

and pharmacologic advance. And and other topics. $3.95 postpaid Salt Lake City, Utah

as laymen, we can recall with Order from Division of Find enclosed $1.00 for a sample box of

I wantprofit to ourselves, to our posterity, CommunicationBrigham Young Services,University, L.D.S.to startChristmasselling! cards. Please rush.

and to the future the advice given Provo, Utah 84601 Name or Organization:,

to the Corinthians nearly two thouAlso available through many sand years ago: "Know ye not that local LDS book dealers. Address:

ye are the temple of God, and that City:

the Spirit of God dwelleth in you?

"If any man defile the temple of Learn how to become a for destroy;God, him shall God AGENT big ThousandsTRAVEL opportunities career money open FILM KODAGOLOR

in forqualified travel. men, Travel isboomwomen isthe temple holy, which of God Printed 12 Exp. Processed & }5''o ing... increasing at rate of year! each

trains for homestudy ROLL program rewarding REPLACEMENT you now QA O.TfUeto job airline, with hotel, resort etc.. agency, FILM FRESHtemple ye are."(1 Cor. 3:1617.) O OFWITH Easy KODAK ssr

u snows travel agent become owtravel your y may PRICE LIST WRITE FOR NEW, LOW 'pn '[.,p,reveals afea OWn aemrtescort you *""can..mWJguidedin >"ihow rSAMnlt

E-6 DEPT. 2307, BOX tours. for Ml3S \LESSnwI - f Sen d WESTERN bigTRAVEL Free! KI1AII CAREER

'CITY SALT LAKE NORTH TRAVEL OF SCHOOL niMFILM ruiRCLUB 84]00 4500 Dr.,AMERICAN IE Campus 1067, Calif. Dept. UTAH 92660 Newport,

October 1967 87 End of an Era

Sometimes the channels through My first home teaching lounge, however, we were which missionary contacts companion at the University surprised to see more develop seem strange or of California helped to than one hundred men and devious only in retrospect. instill in me the use of girls milling around.

This, for instance, happened to ingenuity and imagination "How do we find them?"I

one young missionary: in home teaching. On asked. Without a word,

While ringing doorbells and our first night of home my companion walked over to tracting in a town in Iowa, he teaching, we were to visit the lounge piano and and his companion encountered three girls we didn't began to play "Come, Come an unusually warm welcome know who lived in an eightYe Saints."The girls

at one house. "Come in, come story dormitory. We were found us I-Submitted by

in,"a young man answered. to meet them in the lounge. Val C. Lewis, Sacramento,

"I've been hoping the Mormon When we walked into the California.

elders would call. The

answer is yes—I would like

to know more!"He smiled

at their astonishment and Life Among the Mormons explained: "Two years ago I

played lineman on our high Bishop's Wife school football team. Our

bitterest rivalry was against a By Virginia Maughan Kammeyer league team whose star player was a Mormon. Darling, I am getting older;

Every time our teams met, that There is silver in the gold.

player always managed to Lawn needs mowing, weeds are growing, flatten me with a hard tackle. Little Willie has a cold.

Then as he held me down, he'd ask, 'What do you know There's a drizzle in the plumbing, about the Mormon Church? And my washer's out of whack,

Would you like to know more?'And perhaps you may have noticed

And you know, this is the In the ceiling there's a crack.

first time I've had a chance to say yes!"—Submitted by I'm resigned, I guess, to knowing

Helen S. Phillips, Denver, Bishops never rest nor stop.

Colorado. Children, this wayfaring stranger

Is your everloving pop.

I say to you Latterday Saint mothers and fathers that if Someday I will send a cable, you will rise to the responsibility Since I cannot get your ear, of teaching your children Saying simply, "Sir, there's someone in the home... the day will In the ward who needs you, Dear."

soon be dawning when the whole world will come to our doors and will say, "Show Next Month: Fathers and Sons Outing

us your way that we may walk your path"—Elder Harold B. Lee

"End of an Era"will pay $3 for humorous anecdotes and experiences relating to Latterday Saint way of life. Maximum length 150 words.

88 Improvement Era

<K Read These Results see how the NEW MoneyMaking Book

Kathryn Beich Plan Pays Off!

Free to your school, church, club

Church Makes $3500.00

"Used the profit from Kathryn Beich or other civic organization!

Candy sale to provide laboratory equipment for our foreign mission."

GIRLS CLUB SELLS $18,000!

And they do it every year with these fine candies! Money buys Christmas baskets

of food for the needy.

Boys Earn $2008 in 42 Days For New Camping Equipment!

This Chicago area youth group has sold three in the past of candy over $12,000..."for us are waiting years! "Customers

is the reason.

"New hospital wing was great, but the old lobby was outof-place. Your candy gave

us $10,000 to remodel everything... even

enough for a color television!"

"We Learned The Hard Way..."

"We have sold your candy for years to finance trips to fairs and football games.

But last Fall a fast talking salesman sold us another candy... with prizes

and supposedly more profit... and we

fell flat. Your Kathryn Beich quality,

variety and value was missing. People

who used to buy a case of Katydids, etc., grudgingly bought one box. We

had to return half the shipment. That's

learning the hard way your plan is best. 20PAGE BOOKLET SHOWS HOW TO

Please rush this 200 case order or we'll miss our Expo Canada trip and be in big trouble with our youngsters."Earn $50-$5000 Fast and Easy

with Kathryn Beich Candies!

Grateful little League This factfilled guide outlines how to plan and operate a profitable "Made enough to make our team the bestmoney-making project—large or small—at any time of the year and withequipped, bestdressed in the conference out risk of your own money.

... they are winning more this season, too!"This tested plan will also introduce you to the legendary Kathryn Beich

Candies. Choose from luscious chocolates, fine butter mints, rare toffees, tender

crumbles—thirteen "Gift Quality"candies priced from 50—including three new

HIGH SCHOOL BAND SUCCESS candies offered for the first time!

"We just have to be a winner in this year's Millions of people have bought these confections to support thousands of difcontests with $4000 worth of new equipferent projects. For example, an Indiana Boy's Club made $1806—sold first order in

ment... thanks to Kathryn Beich."raise over club $500 medical Denver helped service days! Excellent two wnmmt

need, you send the is so easy: Here's * for research! why* it We. Housekeeping* ''\ i.candy i- >fGood x

costs. shipping pay even or more, and $5000 raise to $50 to enough FIRETRUCK! BUYS CANDY Pay \c%*'mmnm,oW*j?

if today! want. Write you 60 days sale. finish up to your Take after you we'll have enough and more dime "One

cash for the volunteer department's new truck. Thank you for your help!"Rush Coupon For FREE Booklet

DO YOU WANT I (pronounced "Bike") new band uniforms? More Little Dept. 36P3, Bloomington, III. 61701

League equipment? Special Send Free guide and complete details.

assistance for your Church or choir? SENDORGANIZATIONTO NAME: For these and any other project, ADDRESS.

CITY STATE ZIP CODE PHONE (Continental U.S.A. Only)SEND COUPON NOW!

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

The growing world of Beneficial Life

The going, growing world of Beneficial Life help of an experienced and knowledgeable

Insurance now includes Texas and Hawaii—Beneficial Life Agent.* Call him soon.

this means that cowboys and hula girls, and all * Write us, ifnecessary, for the name and address ofyour nearest agent.

the citizens of those two great states, can now obtain Beneficial's sound, economical insurBENEFICIAL LLEE ance planning tailored to their needs.

Beneficial Life offers your family the opporVirgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

tunity to plan your financial future with the Over 800 million dollars life insurance in force