V

a

"w

*4 m pp

*\*F$ '

m;-Wk<01

| I |

MARCH, 1940

RETURN MSTASE SWARAHTEED

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH ROOM \ KITCHEN

LIVING ROOMThe BRJCK, In This Home—t j r* i *i

BED Cost Only *358.73 Delivered ROOM rj--"x: dV/EJ

ENTRY

Because of its enduring beauty, permanence, fire safety, lower upkeep, higher reGet The sale value, allweather comfort and many

FACTS Dther advantages, you may think that a

It costs nothing to get full Brick Home costs more. But it doesn't. It

details. So write/ come in

costs no more to build a Brick Home than to or telephone and let us estimate the cost of buildproperly build any house. And, over a peing your home with Brick.

Get the facts now—so you

riod of years, it actually costs LESS to own won't be sorry later!

a Brick Home.

INTERSTATE BRICK COMPANY 3180 South 11th East Telephone Hyland 630

SALT LAKE CITY THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1940

been seen flying in the neighborhood breeding ground to the islands of the of Mt. Everest at the height of twentyLow Archipelago in the latitude twenfour thousand feet. The endurance recty degrees south. This means an overlinwsMSL ordcies goesof whichto themigratesgolden fromplover,its oneAlaskanspewinter.sea flight of three{Continuedthousandonmilespage each132)

By Franklin S. Harris, Jr.:

l Jow fast can a fish swim? Estimates

A * of maximum speed give the carp seven and a half miles per hour; the

pike, fifteen; salmon and trout, twentythree; blue shark, thirty; mako shark, NOW... the hot cereal

thirtyfive; tarpon and tunny, forty.

The swordfish is probably the fastest fish in the world, with a maximum speed children like...

of about sixty.

better than everJor them! A pure nickel tube has been made

"smaller than a human hair. Probably the smallest metal tube ever made,

it measures twentysix tenthousandths of an inch in diameter, with the hole about onethird this width. Aluminum

wire has been drawn out to one tenthousandth of an inch in diameter for CARNATION WHEATuse in galvanometers. A single pound

of this wire would stretch twenty thousand miles, but cost half a milliondollars. ISmwNMHDWiTH

A year's use of the "radio sonde"VITAMINBt gave more regular and accurate AIDSGHOWW.NRm,t>IGESTIONdata of the upper air than the observa- j

tions in airplanes. previously made The in irtii nirffliH

radio to vm, sonde is the name now given the unmanned, free balloon which from its small radio automatically sends to Eager spoons dive into the humidity, temon the groundmen perature, and pressure of the air breakfast bowls of Albers Carnathrough which it rises. tion Wheat. And now this delicious, tempting, different rolled

A newheat systemwater haswithbeenthepatentedheat thatto wheatishmentcerealand healthbrings values.added Fornourit

generally gas range. goes to waste in a

interfere with, not or reis enriched with Vitamin Bi. ActuSince it does

duce the efficiency of, the range, a ally contains 50% more of this housewife at no extra cost can get hot important vitamin than whole water to wash dishes while cooking wheat. An average serving supthe meal. The cast iron grill bars are

replaced by a system of copper tubes plies onethird an adult's and onefilled with water connected to a tank. quirement—half to all a accordingchild's dailyto weight.Bi reTHhe development of the dye PronImportant, for many authorities

tosn won tue i\Ou6i prize for physay Vitamin Bi cannot be stored siology and medicine for Dr. Gerhard in the body.

Domagk, of Germany. Prontosil and a

simpler uncolored component sulphanServe delicious Carnation Wheat ilamide have been successfully used in often. It is quickcooking, boon to

the treatment of many diseases, especially infections. busy mothers. Economical, too,

4 less than half a cent a serving. Get

A rtificial fever produced by shortAlbers Carnation Wheat—now

wave oscillations, experiments at your grocer's!

show, can raise the body temperature to 105 or 106 degrees Fahrenheit in about an hour.

HpHE altitude record for birds is probably held by the bearded vulture or lammergeier. This bird, which has

a wing spread of fortysix inches, has

(Do IfoiL JOwwOf a novel use for surplus cotton?131/MmprouemenfEra

"The Glory of God is Intelligence'Under what conditions it would be possible to see the back of one's the earth? head around 133 Grant, Heber J. 1940MARCH, Widtsoe, A. service Whether always has its re- 3 John 43 NUMBERVOLUME Editors ward? 137

L. Evans, Richard

literally a prophecy concerning Editor How"THE VOICE OF Managing THE CHURCH"latter fulfilled? days has been 138 Josephson, Marba C.

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS,OFFICIAL THE ORGAN OF Associate Editor big Just boy's a problems how may ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTIMPROVEMENTMUTUAL

Morris, General Mgr. Q. COMMITTEE, MUSIC WARD GeorgeMENT OF EDUCATION, seem to him? 139

Cannon, Associate Mgr. Lucy G.TEACHERS, AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH AND OTHER

OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS. J. K. Orton, Business Mgr. What recent medical research has

to say about a halfcentury-long controversy? 140

America's Where first department JobtsL jd(L DtdbmiL established? store was 144

How a desire for immediate effect

JhsL jdiioi& (poqsL or for enduring beauty will affect your garden plans? 145

For Service Rendered Heber J. Grant 137 The song written on "Pete Martin's

Parchment"? 146

QhuUidfi. J>&otuM&. [n what way perverted interpretations have been given the Sacra138 Colton Its B. Fulfillment Prophecy and Don A Noted ment? 148 152 Nelson for the N. L. Consciousness Dead Temple

is For assistance cause what being Transthe Bible Evidences and Reconciliations—XXIII. Is sought Saints from of Scandi161 A, Widtsoe lated Correctly? John navian ancestry? 150

Will All Good Danes—? BeaMutual Messages: How one young lady learned the

trice C. Evans 150 Executives - 172 meaning of "tightening the

Ten of a Family 150 M Men 172 knot"? 151

Church Moves On 157 Gleaners 173 Some very good reasons for fosterPriesthood ing consciousness temple for the MenGleaners 173 M 164 Melchizedek dead? 1 152 73 Explorers 167 Aaronic

1 the 74 among Juniors General Authorities Who 169 Ward Teaching reaches his eightythird 1 birthday 74 ExplorerJunior AntiLiquor-Tobacco this month? 157 1 74 BeeHive 171 164, 165,

Genealogical Page 170 BeeHive-Scout 1 75 The number of chapels that unMusic: Knowing the Music, Sixty Years in the Wairau Disderwent improvement during

Frank W. Asper 171 trict, De Mar V. Taylor 176 1939?. 159

In what branch of Church endeavor

SpSLcmL J>jicdWiM. almostbeing accomplished?unbelievable things are160

Youth's Problems Jack Sears 139 To what extent the Bible is transLiver Disease in Chronic Alcoholism Ernest M. Hall 140 lated correctly? 161

America's First Department Store Harry J. Halton 144 Whether scolding has any merit?—.162

How Shall I Plan My Garden? Robert F. Woller 145 What unusual activities are being

Pete Martin's Parchment..Albert B. Reagan 146 undertaken in the AntiLiquor-

Tobacco campaign? 164 SacraSource The The Common of Religious Truth—IV. the southernmost district of of the R. Hunter Milton Lord's Supper ment 148 Wherethe Church is located? 176

Exploring the Universe, FrankHoming: Is Scolding Any

lin S. Harris, Jr 129 Good? Laura Gray 162 EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL

Telefacts 133, 134, 191 Safety First Diet 162 OFFICES:

Street, Salt 50 North Main City, Lake Utah. Corner, Barbara Cook's The of 134 Exhortation in Time War B. Burnett 162 Copyright 1940, Inc., by Mutual Funds, a Cor134 Patee Back, Looking Marie poration of the Young to Men's Mutual Advertisers ImproveIndex 180

On the Book Rack 156 Your Page and Ours 192 mentof LatterdayAssociationSaints.of theAllChurchrights ofreserved.Jesus ChristSubsingle copy. diioimL scription price, $2.00 a year, in advance; 20c Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City

In Home Pastures Richard L. Evans 160 Utah,mailingas atsecondclassspecial ratematter.of postageAcceptanceprovidedfoi

for in section 1103, Act of October, 1917 authorized July 2, 1918.

J>LdtwrL, (pJDSdty., (fjwA&w&icL (pJU$%bL forTheunsolicitedImprovementmanuscripts,Era isbutnotwelcomesresponsiblfcon

Pinch Hitter Clara Perman 142 tributions.by sufficientAllpostagemanuscriptsfor deliverymust be accompaniedand return

Peaceful Borders—A True Short Story....Florelle L. Palmer 147 NATIONAL ADVERTISING Tightening the Knot—A Short Short Story....Alice W. Norton 151 REPRESENTATIVES

Frontispiece: Prelude to Spring, Dimensions of a Temple, Edith Francis M. Mayo, Salt Lake City

Luacine C. Fox 136 Alchemy,Lovell Mabel W. Lillie 170178 Edward S. Townsend, San Francisco

Poetry Page 155 Scriptural Crossword Puzzle....190 MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF

CIRCULATIONS JJvl Qov&h 'his seasonal subject of bare masts and a windswept sky comes to us from A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY

Neofot of Berlin. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

LLfARM*Nearly 500,000 FARMALLS delivered to farmers—that's the solid foundation on which we've built today's

great new line of FARMALLS. At right:

the 2-plow FARMALL-H with HiSpeed

Cultivator. This model has 5-speed

transmission—up to 16 miles an hour

on rubber.

comfort, new speed, new power, new tor partner to help you win. Be sure you getNEWbeauty, and new economy are all yours the benefits of FARMALL experience.

when you choose a new FARMALL. These In this busy season, each day proves the

zippy beauties are genuine FARMALLS, value of FARMALL balanced power and through and through, built on a solid founequipment. Visit the International Harvester

dation of success earned in 17 years of alldealer and ask him about the four newFARMpurpose tractor pioneering. During those 17 ALL sizes and the efficient machines that work

years the whole tractor farming system was with them. Pick power and machine to fit

transformed. FARMALL design did it. It led your farm. Insist on FARMALL quality, comthe way, and it leads the parade today. You fort, and economy. Remember, the farmer's

get all the advantages of genuine Farmall proudest boast, "I OWN A FARMALL."

design in any of the four new FARMALLS.

A new tractor is a lot of fun; and it's the International(INCORPORATED)Harvester Company

lifeblood of your farm. Choose the right trac180 North Michigan Avenue Chicago, Illinois

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1940

scientists a have developed for minof tree prospecting EXPLORING THE UNIVERSE *-'C wedishmethod (Continued from page 129) /"olor patterns on the petals of flowerals in the soil. Since plants absorb

A system of reproducing sound by *"* ers, such as petunia, calceolaria, mineral salts from the soil whether they ** means of paper, originated by the and pansies, can be changed at the wish are necessary for growth or not, as is

Russian Skvortsov, has the sound waves of the experimenter by careful control wellknown with selenium, an analysis increased by the usual methods of a of light and temperature while the of the trees will detect the presence of sound film, but is printed and dupliflower is in bud. When a dark flower the minerals in the soil. The method

cated on ordinary paper. It is estimated whitens in a decreasing temperature, would be used to supplement boring,

that under mass production a paper instead of a gradual and uniform fadmagnetic and electric surveying.

phonogram would cost onefifteenth ing of the color there is an appearance + that of equivalent phonograph records of white stripes on the petals, spreadVX/hat makes an old violin, such as and one twohundredth part of the cost ing either from the center to the outer vv a Stradivarius, superior? From a

of a celluloid film giving an hour of edge or vice versa. These stripes incareful study by physicists and musisound reproduction, and occupy only crease in such a way that all grades cians, it has been found that no one

onefiftieth the space of the film. A between violet and pure white are repform of response curve, made by plotphonogram can be played three or four resented as the temperature decreases ting the loudness of the note against

thousand times and a sound film only from ninetyfive to fiftynine degrees the position on the musical scale, is about a thousand. Fahrenheit. definitely required as a mark of excellence. Age is not necessary to produce

a given form since modern violins can be built which produce the same sorts of response curves, hence the same tonal quality on the average, as the best old violins. The difference seems

to lie in the amount of work that has to be done on them to make them "speak"properly. Less pressure on

the bow is necessary so that on the beginning of a new bow length the old violin begins to sing a small fraction of a second earlier. An audience listened to a Stradivarius, then to two good

modern violins in turn. Only onethird

picked the old violin, the same number as if choice were made by pure chance. /otton have beenliningssuggestedfor irrigationto use ditchespart of

T h e r e's happiness the cotton surplus. W. H. Robinson

ahead for those who has reported that a section of an irriplan to build now gation canal in Idaho lined with a mixjoy in the realture of asphalt and gravel backed by ization of dreams heavy cotton fabric reduced water losses of from twenty to thirty per coming true—conficent to about one and onehalf per

dence in knowing cent.

that today's building dollars have "Dees choose their drinking water by never purchased smell, according to experiments in more. England. Most of the salts essential to

animal life were tested against distilled water and only in the case of common salt and ammonium chloride were the

At Sugarhouse Lumber Co. we're planning homes for the bees attracted more than to distilled

second generation of happy home owners we have served. water,of aboutwithonetentha preferenceof onefor apersolutioncent

All our facilities are at your disposal—hundreds of plans concentration. Ninety per cent of the

are arranged for your inspection. Let us acquaint you with beeschokedpreferredgutter toraindistilledwater waterfrom aorleafsalt

financing, masolutions. our famous "One Stop"service—planning,

terials. in animals'the shine dark? eyes Pan** in of of animals study hundreds A Plan your home now when spring's in the air—move into the Zoological National Park in Washyour greatest adventure in time to greet the new season. ington, D. C, shows they must have

a little light since eyes shine only by reflected light. Eyes of alligators and

brilliant crocodiles glowing appear a of coals, like a bed of and some Sugar House LumberHdw. Co. pink

M. O. ASHTON. Pres. HORACE B. RICHARDS, Mgr. thelightedsmalleramber.rodents'Only ineyesthe shinerarest likeex1174 East 21st South Hyland 555 ceptions do human eyes have reflecting

power.

TEtEFACT THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1940 POPULATION OF U. 5. A. AND SOVIET RUSSIA THROUGHOUT

U. S. A. 1920 urn105.7 MIUION it

I S E B Br Wff r B K m SOVIET RUSSIA JfP'tp 4W9134.6

U.S. A. 1939 iifiliiif130.0

l*j iL l*j iL ifiii? 1 liisliiLaiiiL lL

sovWiJ 11111170.5 Hill ll

Science ServicePictorial Statistics, Inc. 10-2

T Jow strong the effect on light may than that above it, the light is bent be of the variation in the air temaway from the earth, giving the familiar perature as one goes up in the atmosreflection of the sky on hot pavement, phere was recently reported in Science. which appears to be pools of water.

Midway between the tip of South 4

Greenland and Iceland, this effect made a polar mirage enabling Captain RobJUTore Vitamin A foods must be ert A. Bartlett to see a mountain in eaten as people get older, accordIceland, five thousand feet high, aping to Doctors Irving and Richards of

pearing as though he were about thirty Scotland. Calcium and phosphorus

miles away, though actually he was needs are not believed to increase with this age.three fifty. Seeing hundred and 4 THE "PvitectDRESSINGmountain the horizon over was made

possible by the light rays being bent "Dadio without static, natural or manto the follow as earth they go from freThere's through made, is now possible air cold into surfaceheavy on the making oi a salads—anbetter era eraevidentwhen incleverthe commodulation. less quency At present

delicious, air seeking are hostesses moredense above. these warm Without is tried, but being mercial development

dressings. appetizing Thouif conditions,unusual temperature the in more changes use general would require that discovered already sands have altiinnormal decrease density with restations and present broadcasting their just is the ingredient TANG fivetude four ordior the times were sets. ceiving the salads needed. have TANG,

light change,nary bent be would decreated, Dressing, Perfect was > air that clear soenough with a person flattast- to especially signed banish that have shown "Pxperiments hiscould see the back of head Througharound sandwiches. salads either ing and

out the plants agree that air sunlight Westthe earth. helps the women TANG,L-/ artificial or the near When

ground is hotter, hence less dense, to withstand midsummer heat. provides the simplest and easiest

way to make salads more delicious.

For economy, ask your grocer for the quartsize jar. TEtEFACT Made by NALLEY'S, Inc. ACCIDENT DANGERS IN YOUR HOME Manufacturers of Quality Foods

(U. S. AVERAGE, 1938)

TANG, the Perfect Dressing, is of high quality, made of finest ingredients.

It is unequaled as a dressing for salads, sandwiches, cold meats, sausages, wieners, sea foods, sliced tomatoes, fresh or canned asparagus, cheese dishes, and exceptionally good on potato salad.

FOODS NEED ihe. VetyectDAeMinq.1mm/ * -'- * *'-* -*''.'."*.*'.*..,-*- * *- '.*''.'-..--....'.'.*...... *.....'...* -.. -ViO

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1940

3k}okwff, Bock, For Better EXHORTATION A Word From Age to Youth

IN TIME OF By Marie Pattee and Easier WAR wise in your youth and those the advice of who BEheed COOKING Excerpt from a Letter from George have are seasoned. They

H. Bailey, Sheffield, England, Branch traveled farther than you on the

to President, Jensen. Thorald N. its life, they know and of sea NEWDIFFERENT its whirland harbors peaceful

is anticity surrounded **/\ur by disillusionment. of pools

all aircraft guns; have we sunthrough passed have They for in airraid shelters our dugouts ones, and stormy years and kissed person dooryards every and has many them taught has experience

supplied been with mask. a gas

lessons. all leaflets to are Written given adon once too, were eyes, Their if vising attack what must do we lay laughter far horizons, and comes. the the yet Gospel, panAnd they have hearts, but their in deep

ills, is all for the acea before world! high are mountains that learned

"Oh, that men could see the light and rough and hard to climb, and of truth that has come in this day that bones lie asleep in the dust of through the Prophet Joseph Smith the valleys.

and see therein the way out of all They will help you, and when difficulties. Let us who are of Israel your eyes are on the far horizons,

rise in the strength of the blessings pause for a little while and listen;

which come through a practical apgather up the words and drink plication of the great Gospel plan to deep of their wisdom, for they our daily lives in order that each will be like cool water to your Magic Chef day may see the towers of Zion rislips when you are thirsty, food to ing higher and higher—an ensign of your stomach when you are hununity and peace unto all nations. gry, and they will come to your

"This Church, our Church, the tired heart like the tune of an old GAS Church of the living God, is the insweet song.

stitution which alone can lead the They will lie across your perRANGE race back to God and to sanity. In plexed mind like the caress of a

You ought to just see this thepledgelightagainof thisour convictionallegiance tolet theus girdcherishedyour loinsfriend,withandstrengththey willand beautiful, gleaming new range. greatest cause the world shall ever touch your feet with wings of

Then picture how attractive it know and let us give and give again lightness, so that you will not that this great forweariness. cause might go know

... will kitchen look in your

to its end. rethe decreed and ward Let that prayer will a be like They

it attractive your how will make sponsibility in of our membership fill lift will up, your days and you kitchen look! the Church be the first and foremost with peace and joy, and your

lives all things duty of our and slumber, esnights dreamless with

Best of all, this great new range sential shall us."be unto added blessing lives a your and make

brings amazing ease to your to the World of Men.

cooking tasks. Faster, cleaner,

better cooking!

We're introducing this new model at a special low price for a short time only. Take advantage TEIEFACT U. S. A. of EUROPE'S AREA COMPARED WITH

it.y ONLY \.

CONVENIENT $ 89 TERMS50 Liberal Allowance x on Your Old Range r MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY Salt Lake—Ogden—Provo

Serving 23 Utah Communities -*,.,nce ServicePictorial Statistics, Inc 1113

What a grand and glorious feeling it is to look ahead to better things—to evenings with the family when you're

SIZE FOR ANY FARMPOWER not too tired to enjoy yourself—to be MASTER of the You To Can Afford Pay At A Price

No matter what acreage, the 1-plow Model B crops you grow and the land you till—to putting away

will pay equipmentTractor and matched a a reasonable profit at the end of the year. When you

horses. Pickup andprofit. Replaces 4 to 6pulltype plows, cultivator, mower, listers, drive into the field with your new AllisChalmers tractor

AllCrop Harvester. and matched equipment... your whole outlook changes

as if by magic. It's hard to believe the way your acres

melt away behind this FASTER power—at twice the

speed of horses. From then on you become MASTER of

... the situation—with cleaner, higheryielding crops

more time for paying livestock... more time for new

cash crops or soilbuilders... more time for better living

From then on it's DAYLIGHT FARMING for you and

V:: your family—FREEDOM the AllisChalmers way!

RC, WC—Interchangeable Implements

Economy Champion RC (above) handles 2-row cultivator, mower, lister, bedder...

interchangeable with WC. Full 2-plow WC

(below) operates "60"AllCrop Harvester from power takeoff. Lights and starter, both

RC and WC.

BMJIiMI'TRACTOR DIVISIONMILWAUKEE, U. S. A.

|B ALLISCHALMERSDept. 83 Tractor Division,MANUFACTURINGMilwaukee, Wis. CO.

!p Gentlemen! Please send free literature on the following items listed

Name Town..

City State..

PRELUDE

SPRING

BY LUACINE CLARK FOX

Photo by Jeano Orlando.

here's restlessness in the earth today,

Of new and eager life!T The wind goes frolicking overhead

Sharp as a whetted knife—

With hightossed clouds in the bluegrey sky

And swallows on the wing I love the tense uncertainty The windy March days bring, The glorious prelude heralding

The soft approach of Spring...

Oh, there's restlessness in the earth todayThe restlessness of Spring.

=ffhE EDITOR'S PUGE=

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

fNE CAN NEVER TELL WHAT WILL BE THE RESULT OF

FAITHFUL SERVICE—NOR DO WE KNOW WHEN IT WILL

COME BACK TO US. THE REWARD MAY NOT COME AT THE

TIME BUT IF IT DOES NOT IT UNFAILINGLY COMES IN

DIVIDENDS LATER.

have been impressed with the fact that there is a so that I made the thirty dollars, but I wrote "Happy spirit growing in the world today to avoid giving New Year"on about a dozen more.

said: "It never rains but what it pours. I service, an unwillingness to give value received, My boss to try to see how little we can do and how much Here is one hundred dollars for a New Year's

we can get for doing it. This is all wrong. Our present. Nobody else in the office will get a dollar,

spirit and aim should be to do all we possibly can, because all the other employees watch the clock to in a given length of time, for the benefit of those see how quickly they can get out, but you come who employ us and for the benefit of those with back here nights, frequently, and you have done a whom we are associated. If we do that, the reward lot of work for me personally, which you volunis sure to come to us. teered to do."

The other spirit—to get all we can, and give as I said to him: "I did it because I had nothing little as possible in return—is contrary to the Goselse to do, and I did not like to sit around idle."

pel of the Lord Jesus Christ. It is not right to desire After this incident occurred I thought to myself:

something for which we do not give service or value "I guess I won't resign day after tomorrow. I think

received. That idea is all wrong, and it is only I will stay right here, seeing that the boss feels that

a question of time when the sheep and the goats way toward me."

speak. will so to be separated, the sequel? was What while at warning, work, given a was man One

this: rolled years on and I became an Apostle, are Just here, you other the day: "Look my friend,

working too fast,"and he was told to "slow down"and the last hundred thousand dollars that was or he would be looking for another job. Apparnecessary to build one of our sugar factories was

ently, his work was to be gauged by the work of lent to the Church by that identical man. I had

the poorest man on the job. been appointed by the President of the Church to

I applied for Pardon me for a personal illustration. When I try to borrow that money; and when

I believed in you was a boy, nineteen years of age, I had made up the loan this man said: "Heber,

I ought to my mind, one New Year's eve, that the next as a boy when you worked for me; and

Monday morning I would say to the boss: "I have believe in you now that you are one of the Aposdecided to give you thirty days'notice and quit this tles of your Church."

job. I feel I am not earning the money that I am One can never tell what will be the result of

being paid."faithful service rendered, nor do we know when it

During the day I had been writing on cards will come back to us or to those with whom we are "Happy New Year,""Happy New Year."My associated. The reward may not come at the time,

employer came in and said: "What are you dobut in dividends later. I believe we will never lose

ing?"I said: "Getting ready for a harvest toanything in life by giving service, by making sacmorrow. I made twenty dollars on New Year's rifices and doing the right thing.

day last year writing cards. I wrote on forty It is a Godgiven law that in proportion to the

dozen last year, and if I had only written on fifty service we give, in proportion to what we do in this dozen I would have made twentyfive dollars. I Church and out of it—what we are willing to sacam going to have 'Happy New Year'written rifice for the Church and for those to whom we owe

on fifty dozen today and be ready for a harvest our loyalty outside of Church activity—we shall

tomorrow at Jim Dwyer's Book Store. I may write grow in the grace of God and in the love of God,

on sixty dozen, and if I do I hope to make thirty and we shall grow in accomplishing the purposes dollars."Well, I not only wrote on the sixty dozen, of our being placed here on the earth.

A NOTED PROPHECY

And it shall come to pass in the last days, that the mountain of the Lord's house shall be established in the top of the mountains, and shall be exalted above the hills; and

all nations shall flow unto it.

shall and people many And go say. Come By DON B. COLTON

to cf theye, let us mountain and go up the Lord, to the house of the God of Jacob: Former U. S. Congressman from Utah,

and he will teach us of his ways, and we Member of the General Board of the will walk in his paths: for out of Zion shall Deseret Sunday School Union, and

forth the law, and the wordgo of the Lord Director of the L. D. S. Mission Home

3. 2:2,from Jerusalem.—-Isaiah

careful study of the scripture quoted above will convince the student that it didnotAhave its fulfillment in the days of ancient Israel, nor was it fulfilled in the days of the Savior, nor in any of the centuries following.

It was fulfilled in the last days, when modern Israel came to the

Rocky Mountains and built the House of the Lord; indeed, when

they built a number of temples to the Most High.

When these pioneers reached the

Rocky Mountains in 1 847 there was no civil or political government. On

March 4, 1849, a convention was summoned of "the inhabitants of that portion of upper California lying east of the SierraNevada Mountains."The area covered was an

tract extending of country,immense SQUARE TEMPLE

Temple, the Tabernacle, showing the 5th of July, Esq., Babbitt, day on was 33 to thefrom latitude

Hall Assembly border of A;. plane view and the of genelected branches both 1849, by the SierraNe-Oregon, from and to the Congress eral a assembly Delegate

of to mountainsvada the summit pioneersthe Rockies. sought vide any form of government for ofof thesaidUnitedgeneralStates,assemblyto presentandthe otherwisememorial These

to include a vast territory, and it is the territory ceded by Mexico. The represent the interests of the inhabitants of

their representalegislature elected this in under State Given Congress. my they, themselves,doubtful whether

seal the State of of the great Deshand tive in sending A. Congress, W. itsrealized extent. convention The Salt eret, the city the Lake, at of Great asking their memorial Babbitt with in called Saltthus 1849. twentyfifth of Lake Great the met July, day that or Deseret, of for the admission Richards, Willard of to aCity governsystem frame

ment. The outcome was the adopthey be given "such other form of Seal. Secretary of State.

tion of a constitution for a state to civil government as your wisdom and be called the State of Deseret, and magnanimity may award to the peoMr. Babbitt had not attempted to

the election of a full set of state ofple of Deseret."This memorial was take a seat on these credentials in

ficers. presented by Stephen A. Douglas the first instance, and after examiCongress was petitioned for the with a statement that it was an apnation the committee found that the

organization of a territorial governplication for admission as a state, memorial presented did not ask the ment, and unless granted, the petibut with the alternative of admission admission of the delegate until "some tion said, "we are under the necesas a territory if Congress should so form of government"had been sity of organizing a local governdirect. The memorial was referred adopted. Moreover, the socalled

on Territories. to the Committee State of Deseret formed by had been for the time being."ment They

memorial was taken The of irregularly called convention up in the an state to into aasked be created known as the State of Deseret. They House of Representatives on July citizens representing a region not yet

proceeded to organize a local gov18th, after the committee had unaniorganized by law of Congress.

is inex- "It that reported mously year, that 12th ofernment on for March Babbitt be admit would Mr. To Babbitt, admit to pedient Almon W. electedand Brigham was Young quasi to give recogni- a the House this the in seat from Esq., to a body similar actiongovernor. was legal the existence of tion of the A Deseret."of State alleged On in the Californiataken about same ratiimplied of State Deseret an and

4, the April Committee 1850, House this intime, that taken the course so its fication constitution. of Such crethese reported Elections on onstate altogether unusual. not ratification was recognition were and dentials: general assembly, chosen The within the Congress alone. power of

ss: State of Deseret, Provisional later, 2nd and adopted this met on July Committee recommended So the that, to a joint pursuant I hereby certify

a memorial to Congress setting resolution passed by both Houses of the resolution forth the failure of that body to proGeneral Assembly of this State, Almon W. (Continued on page 187)

street? can or If one papers on the By JACK SEARS surely of emotions, the play read

worry is often depicted on his face. Simply to stop long enough

to buy a paper or ask a boy how sales are going, to give him a word of encouragement, perhaps to suggest some way he may make some sales, does more good than one can imagine. Are we our brothers'keepers or are we so selfcentered we

never see the storm of trouble on the face of a passerby?

Encouragement means so much to a youngster. I know when I was

a young fellow I used to go to art exhibits and would rush home, through the house, down the stairs at the back of the house and into \17e all need the right kind of encouragement in our my room—my own room, if you

youth, and those who are big enough and wise please, in the basement, with its fine enough to give it, are serving the progress of the world. big window with a north light. As

I paused in the house a moment 1 greatest to talk to stop it would my so and sweet chum,Younglems aspeoplewell haveas grownupstheir probschoolhas its problems,gets monotonousits sorrowsat times;as well my mother,

problems to them just as menas its joys. We have watched with noble. And as I would enthusiasticacing and vital to their welfare as pride how you have faced the music, ally tell her about the art I had seen

those of the older people who think how you have worked far into the at the exhibit, and how I believed they are the only ones with worries. night to master your subjects, and I could do something just as good

I heard a father scolding his boy who above all, how clean and fine you some day, she would draw me close was deep in depression because are. And you cannot ever know to her, put her arms around me and

things at school were not going how proud we are when we meet say, "Of course you will make some grade "A."This boy was as clean our friends and learn the fine things good drawings—and some day you

and fine a youth of eighteen years they say about you. I suppose we may even exceed those you have

as one will ever meet—never a worry are too close to you to appreciate seen today."{Concluded on page 188)

to his parents, a splendid student, you fully. Then, too, son, we of

an Eagle Scout. course have been hard hit financially

all tried to while keep have and we to have do worry you "What financial worries yet from you, away toabout? anynot have do do You

all to think are that too wise youthing school. think to but Just go

is in fine well and, your way, ownof the fellows have young who little inconsuffered have to you many late early to earnwork and money a veniences never have and made to school. put themselves through

son, whimper. know, many WeAll you have to do is to study and dis- a long walked times you have appreciate should good.make You to a school tance you were whenthe fact that school can to you go

little have rushed and you would all there are you, aroundwhen boys liked to car. the take heard have Weyes, in group, boys Scout your own the yourself over excuse you phone

stay school from mustwho and away friends with from dates young your will. try get ascannot they work,

far because knew it was you I is simply ask mother and of youAll your noble yournot to embarrass morethat you make good at school."share us financially. Let us self and

This dad did not say, as he should your problems and let us help you, have, "Well, son, I see you are for we know your worries to you are troubled about something. You as big as ours."

know your dad and mother love you Have you ever taken time to talk and are your pals. We realize that to a young fellow selling magazines

dhamL Jim&MicPl bhinqA.

DIAL JthsL $CLCtL. DfL...

liver disease in Chronic alcoholism By ERNEST M. HALL, M.S., M.D.

phosphorus, and arsenic, have been

Dr.theErnestPasadenaM. Hall,Ward,a memberPasadenaof subjectedsubstancestoarescientificall liverinquiry.poisonsTheseand

Stake, of Pathology and Professor at when administered in amounts far the University California, of Southern has here contributed out of his rein excess of the minute quantities controversy has developed search new light on a pressing and found in alcoholic beverages, will severe liver changes which controversial subject of vital improduce during the past half century in cirrhosis. often terminate Malover question, the "Does portance.

overindulgence in alcoholic beverlory and others have produced a ages produce cirrhosis of the liver?"liver appears in the Philosophical pigment type of cirrhosis with copCirrhosis may be defined as that conTransactions of the Royal Society, per similar to that seen in the disease

dition in which the liver substance London, 1685, It requires no great in man known as hemochromatosis.

has been replaced to a greater or lesstretch of the imagination to see this Von Glahn and his associates have ser degree by scar tissue, thus prosoldier imbibing freely from the lately produced cirrhosis in rabbits ducing a small, shrunken liver cov- "brown jug"to warm his "innards"by the administration of copper, lead, ered with hobnaillike projections. after cold nights spent on guard. and sodium arsenates.

Laennec, the great French clinician, His great thirst was, no doubt, the Cubstances related to alcohol, such first used the term cirrhosis in the result of his alcoholic excesses. as chloroform and carbon tetrayear 1 826. The word is derived from Studies of clinical and postchloride, have been employed sucthe Greek word "kirros"meaning mortem statistics show that only cessfully by a number of authors in

yellow or tawny. In Laennec's patwenty-five to fifty per cent of the producing cirrhosis in animals, espetient the liver was yellowishgrey bepatients who die of cirrhosis of the cially in rats, rabbits, and dogs. Dr.

cause of the presence, no doubt, of a liver are chronic alcoholics. A reCameron, of the University of Lonconsiderable quantity of fat. Today cent report of 217 cases by Evans don, has demonstrated that frequent

cirrhosis has come to mean fibrous and Gray from the Los Angeles doses of the drug (carbon tetraor scarred, because scarring is the County Hospital revealed a history chloride ) must be given in quantities essential and most evident change of alcoholism in only twentyfive large enough to damage the liver.

in the liver in this direction. per cent. Mallory, who is one of When given twice a week to rats,

Although Laennec gave us one of the foremost students of this country the liver does not completely heal the earliest accurate descriptions of in the study of liver pathology, found between doses. If this treatment is

the liver in cirrhosis, the condition fifty per cent alcoholics among the continued long enough cirrhosis dewas commented on much earlier even patients who died of cirrhosis at the velops.

in the time of Galen who lived durBoston City Hospital. All of this sounds very confusing.

ing the second century, A. D. Mr. The clinical and autopsy studies Although physicians know that alJohn Brown, surgeon of St. Thomas'are therefore not conclusive in the coholism is frequently present in the

Hospital in Southwark, London, reindictment of alcohol as a causative patient suffering with cirrhosis, they ported a case of a "liver of an hyagent in cirrhosis. The experiknow also that cirrhosis occurs in

dropical person"in a soldier twentymental evidence is even less so. Alpatients not addicted to drink. Hence

five years of age belonging to His most since the time of Laennec, clinthe controversy which has waged

Majesty's regiments. It is interesting icians and medical scientists have so warmly has caused physicians to

to note that Surgeon Brown attribattempted from time to time to proalign themselves on the two sides uted the condition of the patient to duce cirrhosis in animals by the adof the question: ( 1 ) those who bethe "drinking of much Water when ministration of alcohol. These atlieve alcohol is the most important

he could not stir from his Duty, and tempts have almost universally factor in the production of human catching Cold at Nights in being failed. Mallory states that after cirrhosis, and ( 2 ) those who believe

upon the Guard."The patient thirtysix years of experimentation, that alcoholic addiction is only a

was emaciated and had a greatly he has proved to his own satisfaction minor factor.

distended abdomen due to accumuthat ethyl alcohol is not the cause of The author believes with Moon, lation of fluid—a condition which liver cirrhosis. Since the developConnor, and others, that chronic

almost invariably results when the ment of cirrhosis has not followed cirrhosis (Laennec's hobnail liver) liver becomes scarred and sufficiently the use of grain or ethyl alcohol, may result from a considerable numshrunken. After the man died, other substances have been tried. ber of different causes, but that in

about twentyfour quarts of fluid Substances which may occur in althe United States, at least, alcohol were removed from the abdomen. coholic liquors, beer, wine, etc., in is the most important one. Con-

A drawing of the nodular, hobnailsmall quantities such as copper, siderable cirrhosis is encountered in T40

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1940

the Dutch East Indies among Modilated and ruptured veins in the form of sugar) content. When fat

hammedans who, for religious realower end of the esophagus. This increases in the liver, glycogen

sons, abstain from alcoholic bevercondition results from interference usually decreases. When the liver

ages. Many cases of cirrhosis occur with the circulation within the liver, becomes excessively fatty, its reamong the Chinese, caused by an brought about by the gradual scarspiratory activity is depressed, that

animal parasite, the liver fluke. ring, thus producing increased presis, the rate of oxygencarbon dioxide

Physicians have considered in sure in the portal vein and its tribuexchange within the liver cells is demost of their studies only the end taries which drain the abdominal creased. These conditions render

stages of the disease—i. e., the hobviscera. Fatal gastric hemorrhage the liver vulnerable to low concennail liver. This stage is the common of this type is a common cause of trations of toxins which would orend result of injury due to a condeath in chronic cirrhosis. dinarily not cause damage. Starsiderable number of liver poisons. Granting that alcohol is responsvation brings about very similar

In order to separate that group of ible for the changes produced in the conditions. It does this directly by

cases for which alcohol is responsible above group of cases, what is the reducing glycogen content due to from the group due to other causes, mechanism by which this is brought lack of food, and thus causing fat to it is necessary to study earlier phases accumulate in the liver. Lack of

of the disease than has usually been sufficient carbohydrate is imporundertaken. tant, since this energyproducing

Hall and Morgan {Arch. Path. food is necessary for proper utiliza27:672, 1939) have recently pubtion of fats.

lished a study of sixtyeight cases of early alcoholic cirrhosis. FollowTI-Teavy drinkers are notoriously

ing criteria proposed by Hall and poor eaters—many of them are

Ophuls in 1925, the authors selected in a state of partial starvation. They

their cases from among some 13,000 burn a sufficient number of calories, autopsies performed at the Los Anbut these are supplied largely by geles County Hospital. In the sixtyalcohol. One pint of whisky (fifty

eight cases selected, the livers were per cent alcohol ) equals 2000 calorlarge and pale, averaging about ies (Sollmann). These calories

twice the normal size. The surface do not build tissue. An alcoholic

was usually smooth or only finely may consume one to two pints of granular, quite a contrast from the whisky in a day. An average man

shrunken hobnail liver. About fifty requires about 3000 calories of food

per cent contained considerable fat energy daily. If he consumes 2000

and the larger ones were invariably to 4000 calories in the form of alcofatty. Increase in size of the liver hol it is easy to see that his consumpwith marked increase in fat content tion of food will fall far short of

is a wellknown occurrence in the actual requirements. Such is

chronic alcoholism. Furthermore, usually the case—these individuals

the new connective tissue was aceat insufficient amounts of food.

tively growing, and not yet shrunken Furthermore, they spend their into scar tissue. money for whisky, and what food

The clinical or bedside findings they eat is cheap, poorly cooked, and were interesting in patients who not properly balanced as to necesshowed the above anatomic changes S<.;?Mfl-H- sary constituents. Following is a

in their livers. In the first place, brief history illustrative of the findmales outnumbered females by two ings in an extreme case of chronic

to one. Between eighty and ninety alcoholism.

patientsper cent were of such white a single, was The patient First about? must we ask—what

is alcoholics. figurechronic This of thirty years. She was conditions are to be neceswoman known

very high when contrasted with the sary or important in rendering the brought to the hospital in a state of figures ( twentyfive to fifty per cent liver vulnerable or sensitive to the coma, with intermittent convulsive obtained in the chronic cases. The action of toxins? Many poisons attacks (delirium tremens). Her

exact percentage was difficult to such as arsenic, phosphorus, mushskin soon became yellowish, due to obtain because ten of the patients room toxin, trinitrotoluene, etc., are rapidly developing jaundice.

died of acute infections soon after capable of seriously damaging the Her past history revealed a preentering the hospital and adequate liver at any time, if sufficient vious stay in one of the state mental histories were not obtained. Others amounts of the particular substance hospitals because of alcoholism. She

said they drank only moderately, come into contact with the liver was released from there about six when they were, in reality, heavy cells. Other poisons, like chloromonths before the present hospital

drinkers. form, used as an anesthetic, and entry. She began drinking again

Half of the patients had jaundice; carbon tetrachloride, used as a almost on the day of her release.

thirty per cent had excessive vermifuge, which ordinarily reach She would drink as much as a quart amounts of fluid present in their abthe liver in dilute concentrations, of liquor a day and was not pardominal cavities, similar to the soldamage the liver only if the latter ticular as to the kind. Beer, wine,

dier whom Surgeon Brown deis diseased or in a state of lowered gin, or whisky seemed to satisfy her.

scribed. Twenty per cent died of resistance. By this, we mean chiefly During the six months after her rehemorrhage into the stomach from a decrease in its glycogen ( storage (Continued on page 185)

a

Pinch Hitter

By CLARA PERMAN

HER SMALL MOUTH TURNED UP EVER SO

LITTLE AT THE CORNERS; UNCONSCIOUSLY A HAND WENT UP TO THE BROWN

HAIR WHICH AT NO TIME WAS EVER OUT centered in blue eyes and spread in PLACE. OF

circles all over a broad face. It was

a smile that made Nan think she eyes became a trifle more bemight be a wee bit clever after all.

seeching as she waited for her customer's reluctant decision. 1 he next Saturday night

That young lady, however, Nan had made a point of pinch hithad seen the box of new ting on the men's side when the bespring neck wear which at traying shoulders had appeared once prompted fresh interests. and from then on, not another

A pawing through the lacy clerk could see that stalwart frame.

collars and frills began. It was just their little way of payNan let her eyes sneak ing Nan for her ever readiness to

slyly through the counters to help in an emergency. But tonight

side. of—he the men's A pair before—hehad waitedmight longerget tired—mightthan ever broad that shoulders showed think—considerable

finish here, possibly "Let Nan, me taken up—thespaceshoulderswas beingof find that something I can she Bob would Ramsay, whom Nan had like."old Mrs. Bare! Nan Good long distance, at a known

surreptitious a pat managed but whose recent return to thanks. of town had caused a pleasant

stir. Those shoulders had "Have an extra pair of gloves

been there every Saturday around here?"he greeted her. The

night for the last six weeks circles were wider than ever before.

and the owner of them had His eyes looked bluer; perhaps it

purchased a pair of canvas was the dark blue suit that he was elaborate, but gloves from her on each of wearing—nothing

these nights. neat. There was something about

that him made him different—a light matter, It was not was Nan sort of solidity. positiveness, inclined left to think, that he had

an's face wore its the last pair on the counter. It "Yes, I saved them for you."usual sereneNlook although it was might indicate that his supply was Nan's smile was always a little dethe close of the Saturdaybefore- slightly overstocked. mure. It never quite told the degree

within. happinessEaster rush her customer, a uniand much is this one?"came of "How

girl,versity obviously trying was you "Would like to know why I interruption. abrupt an

her to best annoying. be UniThe didn't leaning take them?"was He is the of one expen- "That moreversity this trade brought to small little. the just counter a sive It over dollar ones. a half."and A itwestern town; business good was I it feel store "Yes, the to I owe immediately Evidentdropped.to exterior. a keep plawas calm Nan's if find to dissatthere out any was pile ly the to topanother have wascidity of matter not a busiwas good isfaction with the purchase."inspection. tobottomness; she it naturally. came by it's a long story—but if "Nan,"whispered Marguerite as A second sly glimpse through the "Well,

she dived under the counter for a counters and Nan's thoughts went you don't mind riding in a slightly box of new spring neck wear, "your back to the first night he had come. used car, I might make the explancanvas-glove man, Bob Ramsay, is They were short of help on the ation tomorrow afternoon."

over there; and is he dressed up! men's side and he had waited an Nan handed his package to him

Better be on your mark-—-he means eternity. In some miraculous way with, "We aim to please."

business tonight, I'll bet."Nan had managed a flying trip from He gave her a last circling beam

The attention of men had hereher own department and said, "I as she hurried back to her work.

tofore played no important part in guess I can pinch hit here a minute. It seemed to have taken up lodgings

Nan's life. She was not averse to What will you have?"inside of her. It was still there when

the idea that there was the possiThere had been no thought of at six o'clock the last customer had bility of a change. Her small mouth attempting to be clever; it was a been herded out and the door decisturned up ever so little at the corners; foregone conclusion that Eugenia, ively locked. It showed in her face

unconsciously a hand went up to a younger sister by two years, repas she folded the neck wear to put the brown hair which at no time was resented the brains of the family; it away. Marguerite dashed over to

ever out of place; the hazel in her but she had looked into a smile that help.

a a

NAN GAVE BOB A DESPERATE LOOK. "GO

WITH THE OTHERS.AHEAD IT'S UP TO IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1940

I GUESS."NURSEMAIDME TO PLAY

chair. My, Nan, you don't act very

tired for Saturday night!"

"No?"Nan gave a happy little

shrug of her shoulders, greeted her father by running her fingers through his hair to show him that she didn't mind getting tired as long as she was helping out, then passed on into the living room.

Eugenia was sitting at the piano.

The last long rays of the sun made a halo of her blond curls; intensified

the transparency of her skin. "Hi,

Nan,"came the nonchalant greeting.

Soft brown eyes rested on Nan's package for one brief second, then fell, and a knowing little smile played upon her lips. Nan understood that smile. Eugenia thought

the package was her present. How

could she give her a handkerchief now!

In the bedroom Nan debated it.

Eugenia was prettier, could play and sing, was snappy enough. Nan

needed a frill to make her snappy.

She took out the handkerchief—

pretty one, hand embroidered! She

wrapped it—the package looked so small, so uninteresting—a vision of disappointed eyes—Nan put the

handkerchief back into the drawer.

Selfish thing! Eugenia's dress was

a little later than hers, but it wasn't a a"".:, a new Easter one and she was going

to sing a solo at the evening Easter "Well, has it happened? Come promptly carried them off—to disservice! The frill would be the most

on, 'fess up."card in a week or two for some more appropriate gift she could have "Tomorrow afternoon—surely likely candidate. Of course, they bought. Nan felt all bubbly as she

wish I could get one of these frills couldn't come back to Nan. put the package by Eugenia's plate.

for my green dress; but today's EuIt had never created the least sign During the long almost sleeplessgenia's eighteenth birthday—and of a furrow in Nan's brow on those night the secret remained in Nan'sseventyfive cents is my cash total."previous occasions; but—now—heart; but the next day she found

"Here's just the one you want for slight wrinkle was already on the too many things about the living itsseventyfive cents. verge get of appearance. making you Now that room needed attention—and for once. callers just yourselfsomething for other been play had The the cat out of came the bag. TheYou'd give your head to that sister boys—Bob was not a play boy; if he entire family joined in preparing for

of yours if she asked for it."had been, one pair of gloves would this eventful occasion.

"She wouldn't want it; she has a have been a sufficient purchase. His By two o'clock everything was in

much better one."reluctance had not been caused by readiness, including Nan. Eugenia,

to use bashfulness she wanted "Anyway knows how either—he well, to as not neglected had her own

it to in asking. advantage. Haven't know that he her own was safe toilette Fortunately, grande. en

you something else you could give He was the kind that would be hurt. cording to Nan's secret deductions,acIn-her?"want be hurt. Bob to Nan didn't the frill was in reserve for the evedidn't care to think "I have a nice handkerchief left cidentally, she performance. ning's

over from Christmas."of him as transferable property.

"Okeh! This frill is sold to Miss The doorbell rang. Nan jumped.

It M,rs. next from Freeman was cents. seventyfive for SmithNan Jrxs through passed Nan door. "Say, wants you Mabel Nan,It'll you'll so look snappy make gate of she the back her home was the her, irons to for put her hair on likeact a to 'em up youit—men little accosted her Jimmie, young by will you?"Margueritesnappy, know."you

it's brother. hurry; a Nanny, "Oh, in expecting a "I'm few company the pushed package andwrapped cake!"birthday minutes, Can't Freeman. Mrs. Euwith, of door out the "NowNan

Monday morning you come in here Nan picked him up under one arm genia do it?"

with fresh topics."and carried him into the kitchen Mrs. Freeman looked a little duputting the her mother topic, where was a fresh bious. be would Yes—it "Well—Mabel says you're

cake. a last candles on the "Want homethought, skimmed as she so careful."Nan

ward. A few boys had called at the sack of sugar?"she demanded. "Oh go on, Nan,"said her mothhouse to see her; but Eugenia had "Yes, right there in that high (Continued on page 180)

lVANY KINDS OF GOODS HAD BEEN SOLD UNDER ONE ROOF BEFORE

BUT HERE, OUT OF PIONEER COOPERATION AND LEADERSHIP,

CAME A NEW KIND OF INSTITUTION, WHICH SOME SAY WAS

BRIGHAM YOUNG America's first department travel some two thousand STORE miles from some fardistantTometropolis to Salt Lake City J. HALTON to be informed that Zion's CoBy HARRY

operative Mercantile Institution is

America's oldest department store comes as a great surprise to the thermore, the bookkeeping for the impress upon the business world.

stranger within our gates. In fact, entire organization was handled in Among them were Stephen Girard,

those who are at all familiar with the office of the secretary of the Philadelphia's early grocer and wine the large department stores of the company under whose direction was bottler; John Jacob Astor of New

east are likely to ejaculate, "Shades functioning a general credit manYork, who dealt in furs; Amos

of Marshall Field, John Wanaager. It is this distinctive type of Lawrence, the early Boston mermaker, Lord & Taylor, Macy's,"organization which justifies the deschant, who, we read, in 1799 was

and so on. ignation "America's First Departemployed by a Mr. Brazer, who sold

Let us, therefore, glance down ment Store.""puncheons of rum and brandy,

the pages of history and investigate Of course, there were more prebales of cloth, kegs of tobacco, with early department store history in the tentious and larger stores in New hardware and hosiery sharing atUnited States. York, Chicago, Boston, and Philatention in common with silks and

Zion's Cooperative Mercantile Indelphia, but their organization prethreads and all other articles for feuse."appellation Liquor cludes male the tobacco department and

I., stitution, or as it is more Z. C. M.

in use, Philadelphia but located were common was At Amos in store. familiarly called, organized was

first the store. seeing Lawrence, the those handicap John Wanamaker BrighamOctober, 1868, Young, by

Mr. Joseph Appell, the general manusing them were under, decided toand if evidence can be produced

total abstainer. ager of In a he 1807, be Wanamaker's, John New it to departthe oldestshowing be

to is also York, the dollars author of with twenty Boston the went who in store then America,ment we in his to pocket business."America's Biography "go into Merof it book justified for in claiming bewould

time, that chant a populaBoston had At Wanamaker, Prince—John for grantworld precedence—taking tion of thirty people. said to the thousand author of this article, "Mr. decourse, that the presented, of

inhave been would Wanamaker there Stewart, A. T. were Then of doingpartment store method

his sulted called business had you a the storekeeper, York; Anof New in the originatedbusiness United

it store. department referred to He Stout, the boot drew shoe V. andStates.

"But,"comes the question from as a number of specialty shops under merchant, of New York; Jonas Pickan aged visitor, "wasn't John Wanaone roof."ering, the piano maker, of Boston;

maker in business long before 1868? In the latter part of the eighteenth George Peabody, the dry goods

In fact, if memory serves me corcentury and the early part of the merchant, of Baltimore; Philip D.

rectly, I attended the one hundredth nineteenth century numerous great Armour, the packer; Marshall Field,

anniversary of Lord & Taylor of merchantmen began to make their (Continued on page 179)

New York, just a few years ago."

All of which is no doubt correct, but please remember the claim is "Oldest Department Store,"not OFPRIORTHETO FIRSTTHE ERECTIONUNIT OF

STORE PRESENT"Oldest Store."At the time Zion's THE

BUILDING, THECooperative Mercantile Institution NESS OF Z. C. M. I.BUSIWAS

was organized there were many SEPARATECONDUCTED INLOCATIONS.SEVERAL

general stores selling virtually the THE SIGNS ABOVE THE same kinds of merchandise it did, but THESEDOORS INDICATETHREE STORESTHAT the fundamental difference was that, COPERATIVEWERE PARTS OFENTERTHE from the first, -the merchandise at PRISE.

Zion's Cooperative Mercantile Institution was segregated into related groups called departments, and over each of these departments was a manager who in turn was responsible to a general superintendent. Fur144

PALO ALTO WARD CHAPEL AND AUDITORIUM,

PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA, ERECTED IN JANUARY, 1931, UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF JOSEPH H.

RACKSTRAW, WHO WAS THEN BRANCH PRESIDENT. IT IS CONSIDERED TO BE THE BEST KEPT

AND MOST ATTRACTIVE CHURCH BUILDING IN

THE CITY OF PALO ALTO. THE GROUNDS ARE

BEAUTIFULLY LANDSCAPED. COST OF BUILDING,

REAL ESTATE, AND FURNISHINGS, APPROXIMATELY $24,000.00. PHOTO AND FACTS SUBMITTED BY BISHOP ALBERT HANSEN.

for the trees and shrubs: NowIn making your plan, bear in

mind that the adjacent lot may not have the requirements of a good plan.

It may even be vacant, in which case you will want to provide screening by dense planting. Tall

conifers, hardwood, or tallgrow-

I ing shrubs are good for this purSHALL PLAN pose. Border plantings must alwaysHOW

consider the lot lines. Plant to form

graceful lines, keeping in mind how it will look in years to come. Never MY GARDEN plant in straight rows and never

mix things too much. Consider the

plant—and THE past few years, many new pOR IMMEDIATE EFFECT heightcolor, too,and ishabitimportant!of the

INhomes and chapels have been OR ENDURING BEAUTY? Contrasts in foliage and berries

erected. Every homeowner asks are interesting. This will help to

shallhimself, I plan my gar- "How winter good effects. The BY obtain

I find shall and a goodden? Where the of the Loniceras, gray bark

trustworthy gardener?"There are brown of the Philadelphus, the red

many selfstyled gardeners in the ROBERT F. WOLLER of the Salix or Cornus, and the

world, but many of them have learnyellow of the goldenbarked Cornus and; best the from books, onlyed for in color kept mind should be Superintendent, School Sunday the learn to gardening is to doway everyIn winter, when Discontrasts. Branch, Rochester Cumorah progressactual the work, watching is conifers the thing come dormant, Mission. States trict, Easternwith eyes minds open. and in All evergreens into their own.

Much gardening around new pensive. The next problem is the their natural state are surrounded

structures is done to secure an imdrive and walks. Two things enter with other trees, and they always

mediate effect, which is not good. into the question of the driveway: look well with other trees.

The large and beautiful estates we Make it as practical as possible and Finally, in laying out your plan, all admire have been planned over avoid cutting up the grounds. As make your garden a little different.

a number of years. Planting for to the actual construction, concrete, Avoid having an effect exactly like

immediate effect will mean planting or the less expensive crushed stone your neighbor's. Perennial and sotoo close. The plan should provide and screenings over cinder base, called hardy flowers add much and

for future development. Of course, may be used. there will be a place for a rose garif you seek plans from ten different While the trees and shrubs are den or even a pool, which may be

gardeners, you will likely get ten actually next in order of planting, made quite a feature. Specimen condifferent plans. They all will have it is well at this point to consider ifers may be used here and there,

the same object, however, to create the lawn, as this provides the imporand such things as gazing globes, a harmonious setting and lend chartant setting for the other plants. Albird baths, sun dials. A rockery is

acter to the grounds. All will use ways provide for an open stretch of excellent to harmonize with the surtrees, shrubs, hardy stock, and varilawn even if you have to plant roundings.

ous plants. If the planning and shrubs rather thickly along the The suggestions are endless. But

planting are to be done by yourself, edges. An open stretch of lawn, not these are a few which might be ofyou will need all the available liternecessarily too large, is always fered to assist in making the home

ature on the subject. pleasing, and to accomplish this get or chapel grounds attractive and

On a new home or new work it is away from the big center bed of the layout different. If we plan

well to begin landscaping as the geraniums or cannas seen so often. our own gardens well, it is merely

edifice nears completion. The You can find other places where a step to help our neighbor plan

grading and drainage come first. they will fit in well if you look his well, and we shall grow with the

Usually the excavated soil from the around, but do have one space of work until beauty in our gardens basement is needed to fill in and open lawn undotted with trees and will be the pride of each, and we make gentle and pleasing slopes to shrubs. Lawn has other scenic shall find much more enjoyment in

the lot lines. This will ordinarily values also. A shrubbery border or the larger gardens and public

take care of the drainage, avoiding a flower bed is enhanced by a lawn grounds that are planned for our the use of a tile drain, which is exleading up to it. recreation and pleasure.

* * + 'S 6 t e '9 PETE MARTIN'S

PARCHMENT fc'MT*

FTE/TARTItf5 PARCHMENT A SONG

B. REAGAN, Ph. D. Pete Martin's Parchment By ALBERT

Thein longthe song,lines whileindicatethea Indianpause equivalent follows the English translation, in parenthesis. 17. (No equivalent.)

spent B. Reagan Albert around. (Ne18. I am walking 1. Is the division line between Dr.thirtyfive the years among Innah-ahking paymo-tasyyan.stanzas. tribes various and nations, with dians

this is: I stanza meaning The of as well their customs and knew SongThe their cases, their lore in and, I Spirit). many (the Great walk God as am

2. I am the daylight road. his death, to Prior he language. was I please. I everywalk around where

pursuing Young at Brigham his work out on the ground to 3. I come

that University. declared some where. I fly everywhere. I am God. He dance. cheno-ke- ( Auntshnabe developnations the Indian were of

ahking. ing a written language very rapidly Farmer John's Medicinal

4. I sing to your gods; I sing to when America was discovered. Bark Parchment

as song, as well more This much ( Tobish-koai-yahwitGod. aunmaterial, inscribed birch bark on was line to is a mark used A straightgeman-newy-ah. Indians the as used and we was by in the long indicate a pause history use or The meaning a book. song a book of the whole stanza

seems to be: I come out to sing Dr. Reagan gained the confidence of song. Each figure also represents

this, in in the Indians as well song, stanza heard which, the a both and early in the danceand god to my as other sung. such songs, many is reparts as often whole, and a morning. in his possession a had number He the of account sudden On Inpeated. inscribed of the manuscripts by 5. I stand ground. up on the

( Nannebo-yanah-king. dians upon birch bark which they death of the aged Farmer John, 104

used as parchment. years old, the writer obtained a

6. I can "scale"on the water Our readers, we feel certain, will translation of only part of the parchthis enjoy manuscript. going over (not (This is the otter swim). as given ment, below.

of as matter conserving a Merelyverse. ( Bayban-mahay-aun-o- )

1 -3. truth is long. space, the words have reproduchad we My Mymahne-bing. the writings tions of Indian is truth strong. are heart made and My

I small, all but 7. they are in en- I can we believe wigwams. go true, truth are and words and my legible. tirely is that the everywhere. godam strong. keda-a-way. masmash ( A the writings the though on Even - ( Kaybay-binde gayaun - wigge decipherable, are the those bark on this dance begins on 4. (Thewarn.) dirocks, in cases, remain most a puzzle vision, everyone dancrising and

the scholar even to and anthropol- 8. When I come out I hang ( mying. ) Manido, manido. manido, ogist.

sky. in the (Revertingself) up

5. Father, is he manido. Our why

toback, the sun's being no doubt, is his All uses he and wordconsidered as the chief deity and this makes him God. (Kose-man junhis daily crossing the sky. ) ( Nahbut the home of our manidos (gods) i-nedo.

gohddeg-geshick mammo-keyan. is in the center of the earth. 6. The chief. He is the chief.

The meaning of this stanza ap- (Reverse side of parchment.) He is the chief. He is God.

I I to be:pears God. am am

I 1314. (repeatright 7. The world, the world, the union walk

intoeverywhere. all wigwams. I go

ed), god, I, the meaning, always amI the the float on surface can of about. ( A-nosay-aun, walkingwater. I also live in the sky above. B repeated. f5 9. earth is of the In the center apthis stanza meaning The ofthe of our gods. (Nahnah- home to pears being willgods be: ( The

wecumic manne-do weyah.) or, I ing) will proceed; seems what d5i*l5 (repeatwalk around 1011. We I, the probable, to be god, more am > IX

ed). (10. Aunno-say yahnah-ahalways walking about, as given

king. 1 1. Wyno-say yahnah-ahabove.

king. 12. I walk. (Pondos-say yah- (Reverse side of parchment.)

ne. 15. I walk right on. (A-nosay-

The meaning of this stanza is: aun.)

I walk, we all walk on the ground, 16. I fly. ( Baybaum,sayaun. TAfmtR JOHNS PARCHMENT

vcr&e, light, air, water. (Nennanbay-notany-gegay-hay. 8. I am talking about the trees and PEACEFUL BORDERS

the land. ROSA SAT MOST OF THE

AFTERNOON LIKE AN IMAGE I ask CARVED FROM STONE. 9. when I am everywhere will said, "I words. no"she "No! sky.for to eat in the something

I country. another am not go into

10. (This figure represents the safe here and happy. I will not go!"

East or Morning Song and Dance. I am afraid that I was guilty of

We're dancing through the morning laughing a little and said that there dance hall. ( Wabenono-weit. was no danger, that the United

States was safe like Canada; that

11. I am looking for a camp ( wigthey were our cousins, and that their

wam ) that is in the East. ( Enddo- land was called the "Land of the

nay-o-mug (I am looking) wahFree."Still she refused to go, and

bumno-o-king wiggewam. the fear in her eyes aroused my wonIt 12. This figure represents the der and my deepest sympathy.

cactus plant, which is considered as was after many promises of safety "big"medicine among the Chipand much reassuring that she finally pewas. They assert that the manido consented to go, very fearfully.

jolly crowd in our carplanted it as the symbol of life and We had a that it has always kept increasing and as we neared the international from that first plant; and life among boundary, someone mentioned the the United that near we were way. The fact in the samemen increases singing started States, "The and equivalent.figure has no English StarSpangled Banner."

13. The figure says: "I feel I couldn't help glancing at Rosa.

happy and laugh that I am called to She looked very much as I imagine 'make song'(at the medicine lodge a prisoner looks when he takes his dance); and a spirit came after me last long walk to the death chamber.

who also felt so good when he arMy heart went out to her in a flood of rived at the place of meeting that pity. I put my arm around her slim,

he laughed, too."little waist and held her cold hand.

She whispered through tense lips, to 14. to listen what I want It took soldiers?"are the the A TRUE "Where their because word saygods I know she to realize what me a moment

is true. SHORT meant, and then I answered, "There

15. They hear me all over the STORY by are none."

land and even up in the sky. ( The "No soldiers? No barricades?"

Indians do not dance while this verse FLORELLE "None,"I replied.

is being sung. ) ( Hanwah-wing-a-

dayboway shoking - o - day - bo - LOVE PALMER In A few minutes we had way.) reached the boundary line and in

half an hour we had cleared the cus16. Do you hear me, my son? toms and were merrily on our way.

Do you hear the surf in the rolling Rosa sat most of the afternoon like wind? an image carved from stone.

night, Rosa, for the stopped name was we When the represents figure 17. This

I room. that shared I saw the same her she and I and from theHerfirst time the earth.water around The spirit

says: "I rise out of the water."I was moved by an expression in her was busy with my own thoughts as

eyes, so different from that of other I prepared for bed. I became aware

18. I walk till morning. (Haypeople. Of course I knew that her of her voice, speaking more to herne-wahbah nosa-sa.) life in the Old Country had been self or to her Maker than to me. She

very tragic of late, and that she had said something like this 1 9. I am the "outtalker."( Shahno close relative left in the world, "No soldiers, no barricades, no

gahgah-daha ohhe-oghe-oheand, young and sweet as she was, distant thunder of cannon to hear at ohe. there had been experiences in her night as we go to sleep—only the

20. I am hiring someone who belife that made her great blue eyes harsh music of the friendly frog in a

longs to this lodge. (Handah-nolook old and unbelievably frightened. pool, nearby. No whine of falling

nah obanno skahbay. The first time that I heard her sing shells to wake us from our beds

I was thrilled by the wonderful only the song of a robin in a tree 21. (Morning song.) I am daymelody in her young voice; yet there near our window. No masks, no air

light. (The Chippewas worship was a note of sadness there too that, raids, no cannon or soldiers! Thank

Daylight as Wabeno, the Manido like an invisible hand, reached out God for peaceful borders!"

of the Morning.) (Nowaun-neand caught my heart strings. Her tense muscles relaxed, and

gahbow. I was glad when they asked me the old, young eyes softened, and

to invite her to go with our chorus to the frightened look gave place to are ask22. gods (manido) The peace. of sing States. and one in the United hope I was

ing to come. ( Nondah-mego me there stirred an echo In heart I liked to her talk with glad because my

tnenido'k wabenoke. and watch her expressive eyes anto her simple prayer, "Thank God

23. Daylight will take me home. swer before her lips could find the for peaceful borders!"

THE COMMON SOURCE OF

IV. THE SACRAMENT OF THE

the true Gospel ofWhenever Jesus Christ has been on the LORD'S SUPPER earth-—from Adam's time to ours—the worshipers of God have

always commemorated the great Jhi&, do ire JisumsumihonoL #, msl.

atoning sacrifice of our Lord and—Luke 22:19.

Savior by a holy ordinance. Originally this rite was that of sacrifice, BY

practiced which to the was down the the of Eucharist partaking and advent of the Begotten Only Son R.HUNTER,Ph.D. MILTON as as the Christian Passover. Just of the God. of death the At Maseating the of the Paschal Assistant, Lamb Institute L. S. D. of ter, however, the ancient law was of deliverance the commemorated Religion, Utah. Logan, fulfilled in "infinite His eternal and

Israel the children the of from Egypsacrifice."therefore, He, to gave

tians, Christians'eating the so did mortals a ordinance as new known of the Lord's Supper commemorate is is for This you: given which body my the of the "Sacrament Lord's Sup- 8 sacrifice the of of the God,"in "Lamb This me. do remembrance of per,"otherwise the termed "Holy

all deliver died to mortals from who Eucharist,"Gentiles, to Paul, the the Apostle of point death grave. the and The institution of the The Eucharist also of estabthe an account wrote significance in the docSacrament was regarded the early Chrisby the lishment significance of and is trine fact the that died Christ not tians the "as true paschal and new inhis Eucharist, received Holy He lives, that preas Paul He—but celebration; St. as wrote, Paul special formation revelation by from in clearly his sented so discourse on 'Christ 7 our sacPassover has been the of Savior. resurrected Students immortality.

rificed us; for let therefore keep us scriptures his the that affirm account "* fact that Paul's Luke's and The feast.'the first in the of the those one was New definitely accounts state the that crucifixion night the before of The to thereTestament recorded; be

the Man of Galilee, fore, because of its accurateness and early Christians partook of the "in Lord's of Supper remembrance"

Jesus it is of paramount took bread, blessed and it, and trustworthiness, sacrifice the the of Master indicates it, brake it to and the disciples, gave importance in revealing to us the and said, Take, eat; this is my body. early Christians'interpretation of that the early devotees of Jesus did

And he took the cup, and gave thanks, and not believe that they were actually the of the Lord's Sacrament Supper. it to all gave them, saying, of it; Drink ye flesh eating the the drinking and

in Paul agrees reportwith Luke is this For testament, blood of the my new their crucified of blood Lord. That

is for for which shed the remission ing that the many bread were wine and 2 into concept Christianity a as came sins. of "in to of"taken be remembrance

later In the development. of words

Jesus.* cautioned the Corinthian He

It is Dr. true that Charles Gore: the given wording Christians against of partaking

is ratherby and Matthew Mark is St. not in of that a There Paul word flesh those substances (not and

.".. mystical, suggesting practicalof eating to the his "the All teaching god.

) if stating unworthily, blood that of of the out the grows thoughts Passoverminded the of westerners presence so they did eating they were and the 24:1-11. feast covenant and of Exodus flesh in the blood of Christ and Sacdrinking spiritualized immeasurably damnation unto deepened themandrament. the But comthe doctrine of the of Christ union by with orientals—the selves. saying: as quoted Jesus He thepanions of be St. people received His which Paul had Nazarene—could is in the cup "This testament new Christ Himself.8 from better trustedmuch of than people

this oft blood; as ye, as ye do my the 5 to full clearly grasp the West

it, in In drink of remembrance me."the visited the Christ Nesignificance JESUS figurative Christ's of other that words, Sactaught Paul phites in following His Americalanguage. Peter, James, and John, the of ordinance rament an was resurrection to imparted them andthe other Apostles well very knew covenant brought atonement, new of also the that truths same Gospel He said, is eat; this "Take,when Jesus resurdeath the about through and In given the to order to had Jews. that not, body,"they nor weremy rection in that Christ, of order Jesus ascertain true the of Sacmeaning it physically possible forwas them attain might immortality and we a rament, of the comparison Book 6to eating be of the Master's physlife. eternal of acTestament and Mormonical New as body, as not yet had been He Paul the as regarded Sacrament counts should In the be made. wordssacrificed. living a person was He a of the with means communion of the record: Nephite Himself given hadwho bread them also a of coveLord; as the memorial

cup.and the disciples the with bread had come When nantsacrifice of of the "Lamb wine, he and of the [Jesus] bread took threw considerable Luke light on of God."Being Hebrews, a Hebrew it; blessed unto brake and and and he gavethe mystical wording of Matthew in the thoroughly versed the disciples laws and that and commanded

and Mark by quoting Jesus as customs of his people, he conceived should eat.... And this shall ye dotheyin

saying I of remembrance body, have which my of true the as Paschal Jesus Lamb testiunto it shall you. shown a be And bread, and thanks, He took gave and

italics 22:19. supplied 3Luke were by the The that the unto Father ye do always mony it, itbrake gave unto and saying, them

author.4 I 11:1734. Corinthians 7I Corinthians

Kharles Gore, Jesus 156. Nazareth, of 11:25. Rlbid 8Charles Gore, Scrip* on Commentary Holy New 15:1-40.A

26:2628; 14:2224. sMatthew 1:39. Price, of "Pearl 423. Great Mark tare. Moses

RELIGIOUS TRUTH The Holy Spirit, who is a living person within the Godhead, descends upon the bread and wine at the prayer of the celebrant, and changes them into the body and blood. 18 Gregory maintained that the Lord's Supper was the greatest of the sacraments, and that it was a repetition of the sacrifice of Christ offered to God by the priest for both the living and the dead. As early as

Cyprian s time ( 7200285 A. D. ), a

rather mature doctrine of the Eucharist as a sacrifice had developed.

In his own words:

For if Jesus Christ, our Lord and God, is Himself the chief priest of God the Father, and has first offered Himself a sacrifice to the Father, and has commanded this to be done in commemoration of Himself, certainly that priest truly discharges the office of Christ, who imitates that which

Christ did; and he then offers it according

to what he sees Christ Himself to have offered."The Christian writers of the fourth and fifth centuries taught

THE LAST SUPPER, BY LEONARDO DA VINCI me. remember do if ye always rememAnd that partaking Eucharist of the was

shall ber Spirit with to be have my me9 ye essential absolutely salvation, a to you.

writings of Justin Martyr and Irenteaching not found in the scriptures. An analysis of the doctrine of aeus—two Christian apologists of Quoting St. Augustine (7354430

the Holy Eucharist as given in the the second century A. D. They both A.D.):

literal accepted mystical the as definitely reveals record Nephite it to churches of Christ maintain The of the especially Gospels, it is wording facts. first place, several principle In the be that an inherent without bap10

clear that the sacramental subJohn's. Their teachings mark a tism and partaking of the Supper of the

it is for attain to impossible definite in any interLord stage man the Christian stances were and bread wine—not either to the salvaof or to kingdom pretation of Sacrament from which 15God flesh blood. the Also, and emblems life. everlasting tion and

differ writings later Catholic funda- "in of"partaken were remembrance the body and blood of Jesus which mentally very little, the main differDuring the Middle Ages two Euwas sacrificed for the redemption of ence being the later endeavors to charistic theories, conversion and mankind. All who partook of these explain how the great mystery of symbolic, were vigorously discussholy emblems entered into a coveconversion takes place. ed, each having its advocators. Pasnant with their Eternal Father that Irenaeus (c. 185 A. D. ) mainchasius Radbertus, a monk of the

they would keep His commandtained that the Eucharist became monastery of Corbie (c. 831 A, D.)

ments. He in turn promised His endowed with spiritual qualities published a thoroughgoing treatise

Spirit to be with them and to guide through the "invocation of God"; on the Lord's Supper in which he

them. Therefore, the partaking of thereby, in a realistic way, it engenstrongly advocated the conversion

the Lord's Supper officially sancdered potions of immortal life into theory. Eleven years later Ratramtioned a covenant entered into by those who partook of it. Quoting nus, also of Corbie, answered Radthe worshipers of Jesus and their Irenaeus: bertus'arguments and supported

Maker to the effect that each party For as the bread, which is produced from the symbolic theory. He maintained:

the earth, it receives the invocation when will concerned done, has conand In the reEucharist are bread and wine is of God, longer no bread but common ceived, Christ's but are and blood tinue to do, his body in bringing share the Eucharist, consisting realities, of two latter, therefore, understood. reare The the of In about atonement mankind. earthly heavenly; and also so bodies, our in figure, ceived in sensible mystery not and

is other they receive words, the Eucharist, when are Sacrament a symno reality.18

bolical representation of the great longer corruptible, having the hope of the covenantsacrifice of Jesus the resurrection to eternity.11 Two hundred years passed before

Christ, who died that we might live. John of Damascus (c. 759 A. D.) another open attack was made on

It is also a meal of Christian fellowmaintained that the Eucharistic obthe conversion theory. In 1050, Beship and of spiritual communion jects were identical with Christ's rengar, head of the cathedral school

the doctrine Tours, condemned with our Creator. and body body of blood—that same12 of Radbertus and defended RatramHistory testifies that, from its inCyril, born that was of Mary.

stitution to the time of the ReformaBishop of Jerusalem (350 A. D.), nus'symbolic theory. Two church

tion, several pronounced alterations attempted an explanation as to how councils condemned him and retook place in the Christians'Euthe conversion occurred. He said: (Continued on page 176)

charistic Ibid. concept. first evidence The Williston Walker, A History of the Christian Letters, cited in 6263. Ibid., Cyprian, of drastic 40. appears change in the Church,10 15Augustine. Sins, Forgiveness 1:34, cited in of

138139. in Ibid.. "Cited 183. Ibid., Walker,

"Book of Mormon, 3 Nephi 18:1-12; Moroni 4; 5. Ibid.. 99. 16Walker, Ibid., 262265.

TloL 0ml, butWILL ALL GOOD DANES

COME TO THE AID OF TEN OF A FAMILY A widow's mite assumes large ** PROPORTIONS IN THE MISSIONTHEIR COUNTRYMEN? ARY SERVICE OF THE CHURCH

their with houses of ants whoseBy BEATRICE CANNON EVANS Jordan,"the industryand ofrebuilta hill upturned. has been abode

we, are ha, ha,"Ha, happy could Examples be multiplied. Your:::!; '-I!;; Petersen and Hendersen and Andersen and

me!"fathers did likewise.

This spirit of industry and coopergoes the old Scandinavian dancation not only wrought the miracle of rose,"the as "desert the blossom making all ing should song, so good andSo coninvaluable but gave an them their to attached "sen"men, with in responsibility of sciousness personal the their prosat pedigree, or benames priceless welfare, and, most community ofpect before them. you many How

all, it the spirit of of faith born was of is tofor that the door open youknow eternal their salvation was upon which ancestral to invaluable get yourday laid. the indestructibly They knew willrecords Copenhagen? from What the of joy personal development and

is as unpredictthe case tomorrowbe builders of empire. an

itself. in Officials the chargeable as war

this other of the joy you know Do their consentof records given the have it! great work? Tryfor the copies to newly made, and be treasure (the great of Europe Most transformer microfilm,perfected magic

recgenealogical of of house our most is atof methods, genealogical research is because to inaccessible ) us ords now service.your A. NANCY WILLIAMS still of places war. where Some we have time Formerly and money more in available, as microfilm experts have

in procuring afrequently spent been alBritain, are not parts of Great we single for in acomparatively names unusual few the record aneven the records. access to granted ways to required befamily than would now nals of missionary a Church little gathered has been money So register parish entiremicrofilm and an to inoutstanding accustomed available the for already procuring ma- A all it the use for thebring of here many is service of stances that Sister of that terial permission in Copenhagen,

duplicationsfamilies concerned. Thus A. Williams, of FredNancy widow rest in the for to of access records

effort multiplication ofof can and work erick Williams, ten has G. it memwho asked, but been yet has not Denmark our prevented, readily be andmore bers in of family her active engaged it is readily that believed obbe can

instead research the people can doown missionary at the time: present work there, as well as tained throughout Norin lands or foreign hiringof people five of children, her three daughown this will be and Sweden, and way traveling prohibitive almostpaying tersin-law, grandsons. and is two if interest sufficient practical sought Two

expenses. their sons are and presiding wives over evidenced members Church by who

efficient this ecoelse and does What missions; his another are son and wife their progenitors for responsibility have

signify? mustnomical method That we as serving stake missionaries; daugh- a in countries. these

responsithe of sensemaintain personal ter has in called to the mission a been spirit in this of cooperation work The bility so with been have which we is States; is another regularly daughter a has growing. Dr. A. Widtsoe John

specifically thereto charged and add called set stake apart missionary; and offer start the substantial to a made tothe spirit of cooperation—essential filling are grandsons missions and two in at the archive Trondhjem, work

is thesuccess. not cooperation And the outside States. resided. his United ancestors where Norway,

It is inlogical case? a procedure any

S. of Col. Bennion York Howard In New call their to service, order the ofsimple to mathematical problem demstart offer to generous has very a made following this comprise missionunique in thatonstrate where any community

in the Wales. FamCannon The work ary family: generations, for livedpeople have many itself ily to Association pledged has

in one'sas the case has Europe, been Orlando C. wife Williams and were the financially of the procuring back

largely theancestry becomes comsoon called to preside the over SpanishIsle the parish of records from Man, all. ancestry ofmon in son, 1936. American Mission Their unsolicited of received has and a number

How did our pioneer ancestors whom offers of assistance from others of Orlando Clement, Jr., was called to Arwe acclaim so proudly achieve their Manx decent. gentina in 1937.

success in one of the most difficult and The Savior has declared that this is In 1938, Frederick S. Williams and

epochmaking migrations of all time? a day of sacrifice, and added, "Wherewife were appointed to preside over the

Through cooperation. My greatfore, if ye believe me ye will labor Argentine Mission.

grandfather, William Turpin, who was while it is called today, for the night

Elizabeth to the Williams was sent wagonmaker,a wheelwright and wherein decometh can work."no man

in April, 1939. Mission to his journey the promised landlayed most California darkening Are the war clouds,

until 1852 because he was needed to of Europe, the shadows of the oncomLawrence Janson, grandson, was make vehicles for other immigrants less ing night, foretold in prophecy, "when called on a mission to Argentina in Ocwell-equipped than he. no man can work?"Let us hope and tober, 1939.

it grandfather, Bennion, so, that yet not we, and pray John be when My resident Seaich, daughter, Naomihis laid brother, Samuel, suburban out so given been have much, have who Salt City, the Thirtieth Lake Ward, little. builtfarms of Salt south City as and well given so Reason, Lake as isin in as serving a stake year her secondlog is tells this them. houses only that us Brigham on prophecy, Young work missionary.

it tells that desirable these use todecided us begun. Prophet was Joseph The

farms as part of a larger project and also that it is the great purpose of the Orin Granger Williams and wife asked them to move elsewhere. gathering of Israel. Shall the fulfillwere set apart as stake missionaries in

Promptly and without malice they ment of this great work be less heroic the Mount Graham Stake, El Paso.

picked up their logs, hauled them "over in its achievement than in its beginnings? Texas.

TIGHTENING THE KNOT

Dot, I guess "I couldn't have accomplished evenit's time for"Well,us to settle down now A SHORT and begin tightening the knot. the half I have, if it hadn't been for

That's just an old saying in this SHORT my wife. She has what one might

community, but you might find it STORY call foresight, always looking ahead both amusing and helpful to glean and planning, and because I disthe meaning of it for yourself."It covered early in the game that her

was big Dean Alford speaking with By ALICE judgment was better than mine, goodnatured affection after returnwe've worked wonderfully toing from a joyous honeymoon. WHITSON NORTON gether!"

The young wife thought on the matter as she went about setting the /xnother character in cozy house in order, but reaching no "But I'm not acquainted here,"the community attributed his success sensible conclusion, she finally quesDot argued. in married life to the rosecolored

the same,"answered "Just the his glasses Carter, matter wifetioned Mrs. her next door wore. No folks living "visiting theneighbor, as threatening the her clouds huswoman, dark and to just what how

band meant. here and observing them closely will might be above their heads, she could

"Tightening the knot,"laughed make you think seriously on the always catch a glimpse of the silver

Mrs. Carter, "is a familiar saying neighborhood you have come to live lining.

in this particular locality, one which in. "That,"said he, as he went about

I believe has been handed down Dot was timid, but she was a keen serenely planting a row of bulbs observer, generation walk, the to generationfrom oldfashioned and she soon made disalong among coveries:the families "tightened marriage knot."our up have grown who

ere. Esther Cooper, a placid type of Mrs. Tremble, the very busiest

"But what does it mean?"Dot woman, living on perfectly congenial housewife in the whole neighborasked, with a bit of curiosity. terms with her husband, attributed hood and mother of seven children,

fact existence of the her happy life fact to attributed the to her happy this,""It just the chuckled means herself keeping huscalm her when lived that husband she her on whatolder that "Things woman: men in dark a mood. came band home complaint, without provided, and closer that bindand do them women

is like that,"exDick she "When alert the that children her taught theirtogether as of married years

I married, use of their mental equipment madelife increase."plained, "he isn't the man

tired, a business harrassed only but of the equal anybody, and them in tone exclaimed a Dot, "Oh!"will his amiable recover man who that they never had money knownthat clearly revealed very she knew disposition ever quicker so much wealth. considered by waslittle than a she more had moment leaving alone."him little Joiner, Mrs. from But it wasbefore.

"Oh, yes,"she admitted, when who shared her home with both her "It's like this,"Mrs. Carter went Dot questioned her about it, "it took motherand her sisterin-law, that

on: "We pride ourselves on the a little time to learn that. But once Dot learned the greatest lesson.

congeniality of our homes and the I did, I found that it tightened the Such congeniality among threewominfrequency of divorces in our comknot considerably. You see, by one en Dot had never seen. Down in

munity, and one and all agree that of the two remaining unruffled when her heart she pondered much on it has been through the tightening the other is glum or nervous, no arhow it came about, since her own of the marriage knot that such a conguments can arise. And after all, relationship with her husband's

dition exists."many a home begins its undoing by mother and sister was strained and

"I guess I'm a little dull, Mrs. arguments. By refraining from that uncomfortable. Finally the opporCarter,"Dot answered, "but perone feminine attribute,"laughed the tunity came and Dot sought an exhaps I will learn later on what weight softvoiced woman, "I have a very planation.

tightening the marriage vows carhappy home today, and my husband "I really give myself credit,"ries."rarely comes to it now in a dark laughed Mrs. Joiner when Dot ques-

"I had to learn,"laughed Mrs. mood."tioned her about it. "You see,"she

Carter, "when I first came. But The tightening of the knot took said very softly, "I came from anMrs. West, the bride who came to on an entirely different aspect in the other community which, I am sorry

live in the valley just before me, next case. Quite an elderly couple to say, carries no such reputation as

advised me to visit with the neighwere Mr. and Mrs. Burke, whose this; and when I arrived I was quick

bors and draw them out on the subcomfortable home Dot and big Dean to sense I was unwanted in a familyject, and—well—"she finished softfrequently enjoyed. Here Dot disthat without me was harmonious.

ly, "doing just that opened my eyes cussed the matter with Mr. Burke. My husband realized I wanted to be

considerably.""Oh,"he replied good naturedly, {Concluded on page 178)

Temple consciousness frnth*. DEAD

By PROF. N. L. NELSON

HPhe first thing to remember is that man's free agency is the principle that determines all progress.

THE NAUV00 TEMPLE Duringlife thethe latterProphetyears Josephof his theon Aprildead as3, there1836, seton aforthSundaytook afterplace lovecestors?and anxiety to their unredeemed anSmith gave increasing attennoon in the Kirtland temple. It is en 3.selectedOn whatandprincipleplaced arein menthe patriarchaland womtion to those spiritual relations significant of how pressing had beorder of descent from Adam?

whose ultimate purpose is to make come its urgency on the part of our 4. In what way are temples to be reof Adam's posterity one mighty ancestors behind the veil, that the garded as indispensable to salvation?

family, coordinated and integrated Angel Moroni, ten years previously, will5. probablyWhich groupsnot participateof Adam'sindescendantstemple orprimarily by blood relationship, and in the second vision given to the dinances?

secondarily by the final test of rightboy Prophet, referred to the immi- 6. What would probably be the nature

eousness. nent coming of Elijah to commence of the "curse"should Elijah's mission fail?

The very conception of such a this mighty mission of salvation. Question 1: Temple Conscioustranscendent, farflung organization (See Section 2, Doctrine and Coveness in the Spirit World

is based upon the truth that along nants.)

every diverging line of descent Only in two details is the mission \\7hen Jesus announced that evenfrom the "Ancient of Days"are men entrusted to Elijah touched upon tually every soul, save those and women of mighty spiritual statin the New Testament, viz.: in the who have committed the unpardonure, and therefore worthy of a ceordinances of washing of feet, and able sin, would "bow the knee"to

lestial glory, however obscure were of baptism for the dead. (See John the order of heaven, He did not imtheir lives on earth, as measured by 12:1-20; I Corinthians 15:29.) Alply that this stupendous result

the human standards of their day. lusion to the latter ordinance is so would just happen as a byproduct

drift. eternal the contrary, of an On to us obscure as where make wonder spirits these noble That be may in evidently a mission had mind He it carried out. and was when their exaltation with spirsaved due spirit in of the organization world it is in this dispensation us To itual achievements, they must be as effectiveness such magnitude and plain the did go on not work whyjoined into sealed and an unbroken efforts feeble our spasmodic on and of the early Saints Christenamongpatriarchal succession. can Nor we to earth prepare hardly can us temples, dom. nor had no They this lastof dispensation be Gospel realize. could erected they mainor have left out of eternal that in chain: orafter nineof Paul today Think tained them, scattered feeble so and to in leastder cebe the saved—at centuries teen of preachimproved their so inevitable communities, were lestial lives of order must being—our of ing technique; the number and their into to feather tendency out lives; their to for, linked saidbe the his increasfellow-laborers been has paganism. Indeed, of the the temper Prophet, without us cannot "They ing, in progresgeometric it were, as itself that the world such Church was perfect,be without nor made we sion, the accessions both from by as institution divine a soon was them."ranks earthplane the also from and (i.e., into "driven the wilderness"last In the verses of the two Old all spirit converts, of of must whom this to ceased function earthon significant finger aTestament—like that to perforce react divine the law

, it its plane ) dialso with went and pointing dispensation from of the is truth receives unwhosoever the vinely authorized Priesthood. to the dispensation the of Law

it If obligation to on. der pass we that Elijah's But mission has now this divine promise: theGospel—is billions of the have wondered how established been us, with among

I will Behold, the Elijah send you spirits that earth and have on come seven temples often accommodating prophet, before the the of great coming without the having gone heard name four, five sometimes a companies dreadful the of and shall Lord; he day and

turn the hearts of the fathers to the childay, it is pertinent, for the sake of of Christ must yet be held accounthearts dren able the children of the to their before and here is the bar of God, deepening our temple consciousness,

I lest fathers, smite the earth with come and the answer. to ourselves these questions: ask a curse. first principle of the Gospel, The 1. are the hearts of the and why How

In due time Elijah came. Read fathers, our ancestors, in the spirit world faith in God and in the plan for

Section 110 of the Doctrine and made to turn to their children still on the winning salvation, may be achieved earthplane? details for of the gloriCovenants the there in the spirit world; also

the are hearts and why 2. How

fulfillment principle, this promise. ous of for of the second repentwhat is The is children, that to say, of and women men

inauguration of vicarious work for now in the flesh, made to turn back with ance but a living up to the new light

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1940

that has come to us? But the third At the other extreme are souls Chinese wall. Read what is said

principle, or ordinance, being born who ultimately attain to glory of this glory farthest removed from of the water—an earthly element with the Son of Man. Between are the throne of God. ( Doctrine and

brings home to the spirit convert the the links of lead and the links of Covenants 76:8190.)

inexorable truth that he without us brass, by which I would characterize The same general principles hold cannot be made perfect; especially the telestial and the terrestrial dias to the links of brass. Read Secas the fourth principle, being born visions of the universe: both real tions 76 and 88 for the final status

of the spirit, is dependent upon the worlds of truth and light whose reof all three glories. The terrestrial

covenant involved in the third. spective "glories,"as compared group of arrested spirits is made up

Is it any wonder then, that the with earthenlightenment, are deof "honorable men of the earth...

hearts of the fathers are turning for scribed as "surpassing human unwho received not the testimony of help to their children still in the derstanding."How ineffably greatJesus in the flesh, but afterward resecond estate? er, then, is the celestial glory, to ceived it... who were blinded by

which those souls attain who, in my the craftiness of men... and who

Question 2: Temple Consciouscomparison, become links of gold! are not valiant in the testimony of

ness on the EarthPlane In this connection, the first thing Jesus; wherefore they obtain not the

that unthinkable over the kingdom of our t would seem a to free agencrown is that man's rememberI God"for mil- a million cry help from is the principle cy that determines lion hearts in the hinterland of morall progress, also all regress. In othEvidently those spirits are of the

tality should fail to awaken response er words, the present status of any intellectual type, whose faith is in the bosoms of men and women soul is the immediate result of how formed and fostered by the hammer now on the earthplane. This re- a man has used this priceless and and tongs of reason, rather than

sponse accounts for the zeal everyinalienable aspect of his eternal through the inflowing of the truths where in gathering and recording being. of the universe. Hence, the brass

links their in representing the places data.genealogical

is principle the that second The line likely to not blood are Adamic sainted occasion on one Thus, my is status of of not child every God gold, to be conseand changed the to listened not onlymother static conbut dynamic, moving will part quently retained as not be relative of apleadings dear dead stantly the or as downward, upward celestial chain. of In the other forthat vicarious the done be work soul of or love ignores the heeds the souls words, stop climbing who spirither, her afterward beheld but in misgreat as the manifested God, terrestrial in also ladder the world in the step step with her bymoving for salvation sionary the campaign erect their barrier to highest the own temple. of the roomsendowment children. exaltation of His and status eternal of progress; and what instances similar ofThousands

could be collected from men and Consequently, if we ask who are would this barrier probably be but women who have responded to the finally to be the links of gold bindinability to reach up to a testimony;

spirit of Elijah. The development of ing together the eternal structure of inability to be "born of the spirit"?

temple consciousness, once the minthe exalted, the answer is that they It remains then to consider that istrations for the dead have begun may come from anywhere in the vast precious part of Adam's posterity is celestial glory. attain to free. the a Father of domain who Ourin earnest, rapidly. The

into are the they hands They whose therepersons, respecter of andjoy joy no pure... all Father has things given have achievement—theincreases who fore descendant any who of Adamof rewards and fullness, his his received glory, of of and altruism—sustainsof divine faltering climbs the without priests the the are after of and High, Most elsethe workers; and nowhere

such is the concensus of testimony stairway (whose every lift is vision, order of Melchizedek, which was after the after order the of order Enoch, which was is achievement) tread every whose rest such spiritual be found it the of as—can Begotten Wherefore, Son. Only Father's our a place win among may of the walls as within peaceand written, of are gods, the sons they even

rightof captains lieutenants and theirs, all are thingsthe temple. isGod—wherefore eousness. life present, things or whether or or death, of question course, the There is, theirs, things to all are come, and they The leaden links evidently stand in the the urbignessinvolved of are Christ's, (Doctrine Christ is God's. and

gency from the side of the fathers for souls lazy, heedless, and given and Covenants 76:5559.)

and the littleness of the means for to vice; men and women who drifted Then follows this significant senbridging the gap on the side of the during their probation on earth; who tence: "And they shall overcome

children. It may seem that ten thouinstead of rowing upward toward all things."Any man or woman who

sand temples working night and day the source of the river of life, were fails to do that will probably not be would still call for millenniums of vicontent to float downward on the links in the golden chain of Adam's carious ordinance work to make barges of ease, lust, and selfindul- posterity. "And he makes them

even a start on the mighty problem. gence, until they reached the stagequal in power and in might, and in

The problem is perhaps not as nant and bitter tidewater of futility, dominion."(Verse 95.) If that be

insuperable as it may seem. boredom, satiety, and disgust; in so, then the measure of their "overother words, hell. If God's mercy coming,"while it may be longer ofQuestion 3. Who Will Make succeeds during the ages in turnaccomplishment, must be in the end

Up the Golden Chain? ing them heavenward as far as a equal to that of the Savior Himself,

line divergent deevery of soA long He glory—and 4: has Question Temples Necessary are that scent first parents our from probable is very telestialpromised—it Celestial to a Glorylinks, say, of lead, brass, gold, inertia love of ease their inbred and and

and also links of no cohesive will get them no farther. They make T-Tere, then, we have the reason for

strength at all. By this characteriztheir own barrier to further progress. building and maintaining temation, I intend to point out, at one It is hardly thinkable that eternal ples on the earthplane; viz., for the

extreme, the kingdom of no glory, justice would need to build against proper endowment of souls with including the sons of perdition. their further progress a spiritual those keys and powers of the Priest153

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1940

hood, which, if unfalteringly lived of mystery. Consider first that a Question 6. Nature of the

up to, will enable them to overcome substantial part of every saved and "Curse"Should the Gospel all things and so win perfection. exalted being was taken on during Plan Fail

Where else than in temples could mortality. It might be called the "\\7e have only to think of the uninto earth transmuted dust of the such be conferred? powers utterable confusion chaos and

spirit. the of glorious the substance question thought. provokes This in the resurrected world which would

it fitting therefore not seem Does so far already suggested, as faith, As fall the supervision of without these element, earthly water, an is that the of progress, primal condition celestial the ministrants—without forthe sign of as should be chosen concerned, temples might not be of saving grace and healing power

the divine Forbetween it giveness repentance: needed. also of So Elijah's realize the namission—to forgiven? of the the hosts giver and still the remain second conwould ture of the then "curse"that would

dition to ultimate harmony with the If so, then the temple looms up again blight this emerging planet for all universe, even had the Lord not said, as a means especially of that salvafuture time, for what curse can be "Except ye repent, ye shall all liketion which is not to be stayed short thought of as more terrible than that wise perish."Indeed, this judgment of exaltation. of anarchy spread over the whole

is true, not because Jesus proclaimed face of one of God's creations? Is

it, but Jesus proclaimed it because Question 5: Temple Ordinances not this the very essence of hell?

it is true. And so also as to the need Limited to Heirs of Celestial Indeed, when temple consciousof a "covenant"between the perGlory ness will have attained its highest

fected Free Agent, our Father, and YJlThat I mean by that last phrase realization, we shall begin to peranother equally free, but yet imperis that temple ordinances, bapceive that all Gospel activity, includfect, agent, viz., any one of His chiltism, marriage, sealings, ordinances, ing the vicarious work for the dead,

dren, in a celestial to order win primarily, enter preparing is not only us to perhaps and so on—are

is glory. truth too, This, a cosmic exclusively, but is also preparing for the heaven heirs of a celesheaven,

and therefore a truth above and betial glory. Jesus repeated to Joseph itself. Our Father may provide the

yond the limitations of a temple, as Smith what He said to Nicodemus, place, and His love may go out unis also a fourth inevitable condition, "Except a man be born of water and ceasingly to fit us for the place; but

viz., that no covenant can be made of the spirit he cannot enter the unless we respond—and there comeswithout a token. Kingdom of Heaven"; but He added in our free agency—unless each of

But the next step, viz., that this the qualifying phrase, "where my us brings back with him a fraction

token must be immersion in water Father and I am."(Doctrine and of heaven, where would be any of

and consequently performable only Covenants 84:74.) the three glories? The point is that it

on the earthplane and in a conseIf my interpretation is right, then is in the keeping of Adam's poscrated place—that surely is a truth the magnitude of temple work is terity to make of this fair creation

only by decree; in other words, an brought well within the human vision called earth either a heaven or a hell.

administrative truth; for we cannot of possibility: for the inhabitants of Have I succeeded in putting over

suppose God so limited by His own the two lower glories, for whom temthis staggering thought? Let me

handiwork that He could not choose ple ministrations would be meaningtry again:a token applicable there in the spirit less, are by comparison declared to Suppose all earth creatures—

world, and so obviate the necessity be as numerous as the stars of heaven plant, animal, insect, microbe of this vicarious return of spirits or the sands of the sea. In other were endowed like man with free

thousands of years advanced from words, they are the vast majority of agency, and all of them together things earthly. Adam's posterity, beings who, should refuse the lifegiving, lifeWhy, then, did our Father make though they have learned to "bow sustaining power of the sun. What

such a decree? Wherein is divine the knee"to divine authority, will would become of our fair world?

wisdom manifest in decreeing this nevertheless stand in need of minThe sun's rays would still fall apparently backward step in the istration and guidance from above warm but utterly impotent on mounachievement of salvation and exalfor all future time. This evidently tain, valley, and plain. The oceans

tation? is the ultimate meaning of "Many would still send wind and rain, but

The very question suggests the are called but few are chosen."only to add gullies and dust storms

answer. How else could the "hearts But even so: by how much the to the parched and desolate earthof the fathers be turned to the chilinheritors of celestial glory fall plane.

dren and the hearts of the children down in point of numbers, by the Picture then the spiritual counterto their fathers?"In other words, same ratio, in inverse order, do they part of that desolation and you will

how else could the spirit of love and loom in power to shape and sanctify understand the import of the Angel cooperation, necessary to the peace and glorify the earth. It is of this Moroni's words: "If it were not

and harmony of heaven, be fostered group, even as viewed during preso"—that is, if Elijah's mission

and cemented at every golden link existence, that our Father said, should fail, if men utterly refused along the tenthousand diverging "These I will make my rulers.... that higher spiritual sun—then the

lines of saved and exalted beings? Abraham, thou art one of them; thou whole earth would be utterly wasted

Another reason, perhaps not quite wast chosen before thou wast born."at His coming.

so cogent, but still vital, lies in the (Abraham 3:23.) These are they Such a state would be hell, and it

fact that in probably no other form who are even now missionaries uncould blight the earth only as a result of witness than baptism can be found der the dispensation of Elijah, and of man's free agency used negative- a token so worthy of the "covenantare already at work in the spirit ly. But our faith clings to the brightabove-allcovenants,"viz., "Father, world; and their ministry will coner picture, a resurrected and glorithy will, not mine, be done."tinue as long as eternal spirits in fied earth, overspread with heaven,

A third reason appeals rather to lower kingdoms shall need governequally and even more truly the affeeling, and is not without a touch ment to insure order and peace. firmative result of man's free agency.

DEATH IN SPRING THE MIRACLE TRANSITION (A Sonnet For Loraine) By Convey Bryson By Genevieve Selander Fisher

By Helen Hinckley Jones in beautiful T shall be Death is all '"Phis the miracles: majestic most of

fine, spring. in Like motives hand- * rare. a strange beautyIt's With and * cloudless, Against glaring, cruel sky, a lace wrought face, quiet beholding And you my dirt, towering of dead baking mass and A the blossoms against stand sky andThe startled will a For then pause, and moment lizards dart even frenzied haste, with Where seem fingers halting to trace attempt With seek the shelter pleasant of stone; a To fingers, softLike angel reaching through life lines Pale shadowed deep, etched by the of lonely when And cloud shadow a space find them sleep. dreamless To this touches But pile, dry, gone—in forbidding on the transient in lovely, world wrapTo It rushes to rest. cooler a onward dream. will "I say, you And knew rolls on Thus and into day day, on—as the spring pass? must mustWhy Why to fair; thus so be Her night in retreat scurries but And calm—sonever away.

fall? petals subtle to has change be come What

loveliness back such taken be mustWhy lips in line curved once wistful a When then And earth? to to lost smile Should dare to me? when clouds that The long in defeat have hidden

it harvest; so, there'd not be noWere For, ever said the she through long years folded in all Are over a canopy;

is birth. promise of a deeperOf this spun folded Are a mercydealing by hand

her life and mine were the same and the make sublime perfect most To and shade That the blossomtime aloneIn memory one."ever That conceived was mind. any by exalted, for we've we'reLives on, and heraldry this for of trumpets feat No known grief all your For greater is heraldry in the breeze A flower transient sublime of a beautyThe I see, In Death whoI shalloncenotwasmind.blind. voice like is heard Whose the plain magic on her for held own. us sacred beautyWhile all the Announcing rain. glory of the

fall, faith to see us petals give God,When

That deeper beauty grows eternally. And now PETITION

Where is the pile of dead and baking dirt? (For a Missionary's Welfare)

gloried the the against And mass Carol Goddard By Mary THE SONS Gone! FOR A PRAYER sky OF THE WORLD Is gay, in its resplendent bursting green; treat kindly, him TIME,

felt where the And heavy, searing heat, we Dustin S. labors By Edna Him who The air is filled with delicate perfume. With buoyant hope thatthere

They are so young, dear God, with We breathe more deeply and we stand in Crushes each despair;

laughing hearts, awe, Who goes the silent way

With minds alert to mould tomorrow's Our ears attuned to hear a perfect voice With ears and heart dreams! It speaks, within a world of fear and strife, Tuned to the needs of men,

They're not grown up; they still like jellied "I am the resurrection and the life!"And does his part

tarts, To ease the load of doubt

And chocolate cake, and mother's love, it That weighs them down.

seems, PILLORIED Time, when he leaves that wins. a loss you takeAnd find it's how

just funloving withThey're boys dirtv By Katharine Welles Wheeler TheHelp heartsthem acquirenewfilledthe withwisdomjoy, lips were burning That death will. not destroy.Whoears, kiss; proudly shave the sparse hair on their "DUMOR'S** With the Judas chins,

whispered mouthings ALL IS BEAUTIFUL THAT fall in love with girls beyond their GOSSIP'SAnd Branded with a hiss; years. Russell Paulson By Solveig scathing, tongue SLANDER'S was

searing And its that shoulder guns on neighsonsThose dart A LL that is beautiful has worth: Pinned letter a scarlet shores boring

face, lovely scene, the violet's The lads like these, missing their youthful Above a quivering heart. **Are

trees stately grace, with The that sway years light that springs children's to eyes The filth wars. of tasting blood and dying,And

surprise, pleasure they or meet PEASANT'S A When PRAYER their dry pain and ease please God,Dear

I calm, that deep see The wisdom tears. their Frank By Warren Smith folk older at smile me, up When peace, bright with burning us keepHelp

little tasks homely day, each The today, in the brightening "Rather, dawn, rest the of work, play. joy of The light their to way. of Liberty, TorchThe * for I thy call; Humbly grace all that's beautiful Yes, has worth

Grant me strength throughout the day The peace of death, the hope of birth.

ONLY PROVIDE All my labors to perform. i

By Ivy Gibson Morgan Noontime, resting from my toil, ANNUAL MEETING

I tree Beneath repose; an oak Allen help, Stephenson By Lord, Thy Only Grant patience to endure, me aid Only Thy

calls, the set right to wind course. "Come,"Wisdom Insistently my all to help Will do me

it tugs the points As and way, I prayed. which have For through the I turn, Homeward dusk its breath as as the heart of With warm still waiting I am Seeking loved at ones door; my Spring

call, hear dear Thy To us, with Be gracious Lord; Thou the of day. a At gypsy dawn to serve Longing Thee all. Let love over be Thy

And give Thee my all. A meadow lark, from the greenbrown

I lie Later on bed my fields, careless been I have Tranquil, casting care aside; forth infectious Flings song way, own In my Father; while Thou, Watch to of fraternity mounts I sleep That a theme talents the Wasting angels Let be guard. on Thy free strong. Clear and and today. gave You me

Now I shall use them, Thus would I live till life be done, My thoughts and I go out with the wind

And give them for Thee; Complete its sorrows, past its joys; To the lonely lift of the hills,

Only provide, Lord, Then bid me to Thy presence come Where faith is renewed this once again

The way clear for me. And know the peace without alloy. In a tryst that Spring fulfills.

AGRICULTURE IN MODERN LIFE its pages, he crowds much of China's his- (O. E. Baker, Ralph Borsodi, and Tn The Spring Anthology, 1939, tory from the Boxer Rebellion to the present

M. L. Wilson. Harper and Brothers. * Anna Johnson is honored by havtime. Although he covers something over

$3.50.) ing eleven of her poems appear. This forty years, never do the readers feel hurthe ried their old to in introduction new and the published anthology, Mitre by in Life of Agriculture Modern theme is expertly, transition handled China. HisThe of published Press England, London, It not importance. shows of utmost charlives the of the through numerous and last of Johnson's poems some Miss resufficiency be economiconly may ishow and acters the learn changes about we also. year. soul the people,stored but also to our how this of the in interest history develop an

reperhaps preserved,of be America may great country.

wiser andgained. be would new There bits of significant philosophy of the One

the places, as at well this is as analysis in highthinking Naturally, not a complete all for peoples that for all time and is good figures, facts, and if the of land, conditions,firesides of the pioneer school but it.. not the is a fine permeates book:. was "Luck

generthis in were beginning, thevisions presented those aid of book with and who that to from a something happened man the it of discussed. facts,ally additional could "Out expanded and be known know enjoy him. within the outside, but was To

feels life"; ]. material. of issues rich and one theheart are source and provide M. C. a earthly happiness, or of luck form any man

prinof simple that out along readsas he to character the enjoy and has to have presented, are here asciples of action, such DARK CANDLE IN THE J.

needs to the deep Viking meet the means (Erwin Edman. Press, New keep it."—M. C.will come

con1939. pages. $1.25.) York, 88 determinewhich human happiness—to SQUAWTOWN rational normal, into chaosvert present our

Illustrated. Caxton Hundley. (Will M. teacher, philosopher beand Edman, P\r. stern warning: It carries alsoliving. we a

Printers, 1939. Idaho, Caldwell, 209 *—'his gins action; despairing of mood, in a volume laws the eternal forgottenhave

pages. $2.50.) pointing out ideologies world have misery. present how ourhence

failed, to replaced authors, each seems the mockery of have collaboration how The the deals experience of story with THIS his ideal, is to field, hope. true excellent: philosophical But his in famousone own the family a whose among moved boy

typified the in in beautifully so Philosopher's foundation theBaker sound lays A is of Indiana. reader Indians, The Miami the points to Borsodi the Holiday, author a thefirst of book; twothirds or more way the forests, of the the freshness beguiled by

telling living the wiser to us possibilities building more on of becomepoints by the out the birds, the animals, Indians and who vision historicalminded that learn shall the presents and wefoundation, Wilson and of inroads the largely untouched were by are, there as times that bad have been welfare worse and structure of theof we human the whites.

that civilization If if survived. has everlasting the beexpect to right the wehave pleasure receive both will people Young

this, lieve states, then the author of used. forth vigorously aretruths set "Out tale. this benefit reading from and J. M. C. tragedy, to to thinking a envisage meaning It of is may profound way a book

lessen the other of generations, civilized tragedy to the really wholethe nation and or CONCERNING GOD of of life less disastrous images it de- a make as widely as way be read May publisher. writer Price, and (C. Hampton thinking, than our our own."By we mayserves.—-/.world. A. itW.

1938. 59 Salt Utah, Lake City, state reach of a will give detachment which DUST VOICE FROM THEA pages.

of Ancient Sacred History{A Americans. longdistantDr. Edman statesrange "...to ourOnecontemplation.of the adPaper, $0.35.)

Genet Bingham Dee. $2.50.) vantages of detachment is that it makes us Dedicated to missionaries serving the

at abroad, and and both home Church despairs been, our the see is have this how how hasty of to make volume aimThe also to the of intended use to be lay memprovincial, the scale, even our on human easily read and of more 1 Book Mormon this small ber, together brings booklet within of tragedy. assumption darkness The now generally therefore moreunderstood, and

known. seems absolute. Men before us have forcompass authoritative expressions of the acProtestantism, beliefs of Catholicism, cepted it that the star."hides morning text of the this Book gotten the accomplish To

and, in concerning God, and lose Mormonism faith in not must democracy, literary in We printed modern is hereof Mormon spirit, wherein emphasizes noncontroversial in the or the of the man, power common section headings paragraph and Withform.

indicating the subject changes. present moment. M. C. /. these beliefs agree or differ among themBrief introductions, important explanatory selves and with scripture. The monogram

notes, and illustrative pictures amplify and MOMENT IN PEKING represents a compilation of generous quoexplain the text. The wise use of different (Lin Yutang. The John Day Company, tations from acknowledged sources with

kinds of type aid the reader in following New York, 1939. 815 pages. $3.00.) continuity supplied by the compiler, who

the story and doctrine of the Book of Lin Yutang, famed author of My Country underlyingthroughout purpose:makes thesupportexpositionof theserveLatterhisMormon.

of Christian Importance and People of and Saint concept God. The day The My of of the presentation MorThis Book

first his the for long of a Living, turned the has product conception hand of of God as in the houseused effectively bemon may

Into in novel, time to a into the Peking. "Conchapter history is compressed Moment interchildren, forhold, teaching young

esting the older ones, and enlightening macerning the Apostasy,"which follows the ture readers of the sacred Book. It will discussion "Concerning the God of the

be of value also in holding the attention of Bible."For those who desire at a glance

strangers who desire to know something such a resume, and its particular emphasis, about the Nephite Record, the American this booklet performs good service. WilVolume of Scripture. liam Mulder.

A Voice From the Dust would find a profitable place in every household, for it DOCTOR HUDSON'S is a notable contribution to the literature of SECRET JOURNAL the Book of Mormon. J. A. W. (Llovd C. Douglas, Houghton Mifflin

Company, Boston, 1939. 295 pages.

$2.50.)PIONEER SCHOOLS AND &5PSCHOOLMASTERS the ten years appearance since ago Ever (Historical Pamphlet, compiled by

Obsession, of Mr. DougMagnificent B. Carter.)Kate

las, besieged the author, with been has in this booklet information contained tell Dr. to quests Hudson. This more aboutTHE reis to the the increasingly thousands valuable with answer becomes who the xv. book passing of many who experienced pioneer /v have asked the question as to whether Dr.

teaching conditions. Unless forwardlook- Hudson had left a complete journal. In

ing persons begin to gather this information this book we are taken into the secret heart now, it will be lost forever. ( Concluded on page 1 63

PRESIDENT CLAWSON in Presidio Park, and presented it to

ACTIVE AT EIGHTYTHREE the city of San Diego. Descendants of

battalion members living in San Diego

Tn good health and daily at his desk were active in the movement which as President of the Quorum of the culminated in its erection. The moveTwelve Apostles, Rudger Clawson on ment also had the support of the Utah

March 12 enters the eightyfourth year Pioneer Trails and Landmarks Assoof his life. He is the same age, lacking ciation.

three and a half months, as President Present at the unveiling were PresHeber J. Grant, who reached his eightyident Heber J. Grant, who was one of

third birthday last November, and the principal speakers and participants;

whom twentyone years ago Rudger George Albert Smith of the Council of

Clawson succeeded as President of the the Twelve; Andrew Jenson, assistant

Council. Church historian; Mrs. Oscar A. KirkPresident Clawson's life has been ham, president of the State Central

filled with active Church duty: as misCompany, Daughters of the Utah Piosionary, as stake president, mission neers; Mrs. Austin Carter, second vicepresident, onetime counselor in the president of the D. U. P.; President

First Presidency, and fortyone years W. Aird MacDonald of the California

as Apostle. Born in Salt Lake City in Mission; representatives of D. U. P.

1857, he has known the struggles of county groups, and descendants of origpioneer life and has experienced much inal battalion members. Officials of the

of the persecution heaped upon the San Diego County Company of the

Church in early days. As a youthful D. U. P. are Mary Lou Ibey, presimissionary in the Southern States, he dent; Ethel K. Sargent, first vicepresi-

saw his companion shot down beside dent; Ludeen Bodmer, second vicehim by a band of ruffians, and once, president; and Edna Smith, secretary.

presiding while over the European:.'. to 1913, Mission from 1910 a mob of PRESIDENT RUDGER CLAWSON TWO WARDS FORMED IN several hundred followed him through KAYSVILLE DIVISION the streets of Bristol, shouting and Distinguished Service Award. The

hooting derisively. award committee, acting under apHivision of the Kaysville Ward was

For ten years President Clawson pointment of Heber C. Brimley, preseffected January 21, to form what

presided over the Box Elder Stake, ident of the Junior Chamber, based will be known as Kaysville First and from 1 888 to 1 898, when he was called their decision on Elder Evans'broadKaysville Second wards, with U. S.

to the Apostleship. In 1901 he was casting, publishing, scholastic, and civic highway No. 91 as the line of separasustained as second counselor to Presiactivities, and on his "outstanding comtion, extending through the business

to north the KaysvilleLayton service."munity is Elder a district Evans Presiin the First dent Lorenzo Snow

south the to KaysvilleFarm- line and of the First of member the Council dency, be1918, and in November, came President of the Council of the Seventy, managing editor of The Imington line.

Twelve. provement Era, director of Special Hubert C; Burton/ superintendent

the district, school Davis Features County of Station Radio KSL, and of integof his courage Mindful and bishop of Kaysville been;. had whp nationally radio commentator known rity, devotion, his industry ap- a and an

preciative Church membership wishes heard with the Tabernacle Choir, and Ward, was selected First Ward bishPresident Clawson well on the occaon Bonneville Salt Flats broadcasts, op, and William E, Gailey, first counsion of his eightythird birthday. and other radio features. The award, selor. in the: old ward,; was named bishr

given for the first time in four years, op of the Second;Ward..Alan: B.

Flint.'. act. ',.G>;wiU

First,W/ar<3, andBRITISH MISSION wasJuniorpresentedChamberinmembership,the presenceandof Dr.the asBloodcounselorsand Chesterin the

PRESIDENT ARRIVES John A. Widtsoe and Elder A. E. Clifford Green. as clerk. Counselors

TJTaving completed arrangements to Bowen, representing the General Aucalled to the Seqond Ward. bishopric

* leave mission affairs in the hands thorities of the Church, and other are Spencer, J.. Barton and j. J., Bowof local leaders, President Hugh B. prominent citizens, at the Junior Chamman, with Lloyd A. Bishop as ward

Brown of the British Mission returned ber's annual founders'day luncheon clerk.

to the United States late in January. on January 19 in Salt Lake City. Elder George Albert Smith of the

He was accompanied by Elder Guy B. Council of the Twelve directed the reAlexander of Raymond, Alberta, CanSAN DIEGO UNVEILS organization.

ada, and Elder Nephi S. Allen of Salt MONUMENT TO

Lake, from the Swiss Mission, who MORMON BATTALION BOOK OF MORMON have been GOES TO ANTARCTIC assigned to mission fields /Commemorating the feat of the Morin the States. mon Battalion in completing its An unexpected visitor to the Church

at trek the mile twothousand from Zealand Council CenNew "exhibitJUNIOR CHAMBER OF Bluffs, in Iowa, Exposition to Valley, near tennial Wellington, Mission NewCOMMERCE HONORS in California, Zealand, Frazier, Dr. 18461847, San Diego, R. was G. UtahnRICHARD L. EVANS attending history the as records which Antarctic Expedian Byrd "unequal-

"Oalt Lake City's outstanding young ed"march of infantry, the San Diego tion as official physician, who had man is Richard L. Evans"acCounty Company of the Daughters of come ashore while the North Star

cording to the Junior Chamber of Comthe Utah Pioneers on January 28 dedidocked for supplies preparatory to merce, who conferred upon him their cated a recently completed monument covering the last lap of the expedition

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1940

{Continued [com page 157) former president of the Northern and the Priesthood sections a place to the south pole. Missionaries who States Mission. General theme of his in the daily class schedule.

received him at the Church display series of talks is "Mormonism and Augmenting the daily classes of the and who were in return entertained Daily Life."Alexander Schreiner is fiveday institute were five general asaboard the icebreaker, were Elders A. organist on the program, which origsemblies, at which were heard President

James Keddington and George R. Bieinates from the Tabernacle. Heber J. Grant; Elders Stephen L

singer of Salt Lake, and Elder H. R. Richards, Joseph F. Merrill, Charles A.

Burningham of Bountiful. B. Y. U. CONDUCTS Callis, and Joseph Fielding Smith of

The Elders presented the expedition NINETEENTH ANNUAL the Council of the Twelve; Presiding

with a copy of the Book of Mormon, LEADERSHIP WEEK Bishop Le Grand Richards; Marvin O.

which will go with them. Dr. Frazier /Considered one of the most extensive Ashton and Joseph L. Wirthlin of the

is Bishopric; state flag Presiding also taking Bryant a and Elder and of Utah at events ever held education adult

S. into of dances, Hinckley. Musicals, University andone Brigham Young institution, the UniBrigham Young

the polar region. versity's nineteenth annual Leadership socials provided entertainment in the

evenings throughout the week of 2226) upward drew (JanuaryPRIMARY NAMES Week "school."daily to its people of three thousandSECOND COUNSELOR

classes, lectures, exhibits, and demonlRs. Janet Murdoch Thompson, strations in more than forty different SARAH E. STEWART,

former member of the General departments in every field of art, LEADER, PASSES

Board of the Relief Society, has been science, and religion. Six new reli- P>EATH January 19 ended the active

appointed second assistant to General gious education courses were offered ** career of Mrs. Sarah E. Stewart,

Superintendent May Green Hinckley and the Church Welfare Program 81, noted educational and civic leader of the recently reorganized Primary sushared with the auxiliary organizations and Church auxiliary worker. Widow

perintendency. Mrs. Adele Cannon

Howells is first assistant.

PRESIDENT GRANT RESTS AT LOS ANGELES HOSPITAL HPaken to St. Vincent's Hospital,

A Monday, February 5th, for rest, observation, and treatment, President

Heber J. Grant was, at the time of our

going to press, reported improving satisfactorily with prospects of early release, according to Dr. William E.

Hunter.

A strenuous week of addresses and other Church activities in San Diego and the Los Angeles area, prior to the hospital confinement, proved to be overtaxing to the President, who observed his eightythird birthday last

November. Daily reports from the

hospital have, however, been most gratifying.

FLORENCE NESLEN EVANS PASSES '"Phe passing January 11 of Florence * Neslen Evans, 73, ended a long

FIELD FOR MISSIONARY HOME FROM LAKE LEAVING THE THE SALT MISSIONARIES to Church, faithful career of service and 1, 1940 22, FEBRUARY ARRIVED JANUARY 1940—DEPARTED Mrs. community, and family.

Derrell Lindsay, Louise Burbidge, Kuehner, Marjory to right: Ella Adams, A. row, left Evans, First

widow of the late John A. Evans, oneHoward, Helen Pierce, Elizabeth Brinkerhoff, Joseph W. Ransom. Sarah L.

time manager of the Deseret News, was Slade,SecondElaine row:Mack, RussellGarth Ogden,Wilding,CharlesParleyMoses.Jansson, Ben Tibbits, Elvira Jensen, President Don B. Colton, Fay

born in Salt Lake City April 6, 1866, Third row: Virgil M. Brown, Murland Young Flint, Roldo Eliason, Gladys Henriksen, Joyce Johnson, Victor

daughter of Robert Francis Neslen, A. Slade,FourthAlbertrow:S. RobertJohnson,LewisClintonAllen,L. Whiting.N. Wayne Smith, Wayne L. Anderson, Joseph Samuel Oliver, Clara L.

pioneer figure and British convert and Parker, Ralph Sleight, Wauni Hogan, Royal Asay, Farrel Francom.

Jensen, Ralph L. Dayley Wells, Hendricks, Lewis Unander, Garth Francis Boyd Buchanan, row: Fifth Stevens Nesmissionary, and Eleanor

Instructor. Berrett, E. Willes R. Burton, B. Maughan, Brown, Edwin Wm.

thirtythree years len. For nearly J. Erickson, Barker, Floyd Rondo Macfarlane, Welling Gardner, S. Harmon, G. row: Don she BerbardSixth Vane

Merrill, Jr. Dale Samuel R. Donaldson, G. Grow, James teacher Society as a Relief served had

Clark, Smith, D. Kenneth Saul row: Seventh Lawrence V. Burton, Lorin E. Simper, Leon M. Child, Leon same on the Eighteenth in the ErSel Ward L. Hall. Bunker, Keith Hedenstrom,

Bradshaw, J. L. Rawl S. Victor R. Robinson, Odell Hubbard, Williams, Sims, Ellis row: Elmer Eighth district.

Hoopes. Warner P. Hall, Wendell former Mayor L. Russon, Merrill Arland Stockett, Ralph T. Wiley Jr., H. G. Goates, Wassom, row: Ninth Aagard, Vance She CwasClarencea halfsisterNeslen ofof

Salt Lake City, and the mother of Hyrum F. Holt, Donald P. Woodbury.

Richard L. Evans of the First Council MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME

15, 1940 FEBRUARY FEBRUARY ARRIVED 5, 1940—DEPARTED in nine children Seventy, the of and of

left Dorothy L. Rasmussen, E. Laurel Hutchings, to right: row, First E. Sabin, E. Rasband, Marvin Mark survive all, her, and seven of whom Tolman. Russell Colton, President Hattie Gergeson, Huber, B. H. Don Omar

Rofoert Estella Hokonson, Bagley, Burningham, Lynn Ann Lyman, Melba Palmer, row: La Verne Second durthree of on missions whom she sent

Jackson. V. Rex a D. Matheson, and Pneumonia ing her widowhood. L. Ruth Gibbons, L. Starks, Jr., A. Rufus Third row: Hatch, Gayle John Dale Mkhoelis, H. Evenson,

R. Thomas, Evan Jones. Verne McCune, heart ailment were the cause of death. Keith

Lester row: Barton, Robert Fourth Holt, Charles Pentz, Don Lawrence, Albert C. Peterson, William Stacey,

ELDER HINCKLEY ON Dale Streeper.Fifth row: Ray E. Smith, Parey V. Dutson, Lester P. Taylor, Robert L. Smith, John M. Nielsen, Van

Sharp, Leon Paul G. Burton. Ralph

Archie row:CHURCH RADIO HOUR Price, Sixth Wasden,

Cook, Seventh row: Anderson, Marion T. Willy Albrecht, Edwin R. Schoenfeld, Jack Burton, Donald Gilmer

Instructor. Berrett, G. Barlow Griggs, /URRENT day eveningspeakerhouronoverthe Churchradio stationSunColtrin,L. Steadman,Jr., Dick Stanger, Wesley Roberts.Max Ogden, Robert Smith, Morris Bibbons, Edward Ira Pearson, Ira H. E. Wm.

KSL is Elder Bryant S. Hinckley, Eighth row: James Paul Stewart, Reed S. Nelson, A. Ivan Merrell.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1940

of William M. Stewart, founder and SPECIAL CHARGE GIVEN purchased by the Church to become

first dean of the School of Education FORMER EUROPEAN the Brigham Young University.

after at of the University Utah, PRESIDENTS MISSION whom 1940 26, January Training the School Stewart was in missions presidents of EuPlight be believed to 87, Argyle, Lorenzo *—'herself Stewart an named, Mrs. was to the returned have rope who first pioneer the last of the member affairs, in beeducational active leader the of the since outbreak States United to to Utah come handcart company the ing the of of founders noted as one specially charged present been have war at died company), Ellsworth (the in Association Utah. ParentTeacher local in with to members touch keep of the bishop Lake Provo. became He in interested the particularly She was affairs directing Church are who now held position he a in 1886, Shore Ward for ten kindergarten movement, and missions. in respective the European

years. thirtyfour almost for the president as of years served Eninstruction the immediate Acting under

sign Stake Primary. At one time a of Elder Joseph Fielding Smith, who February 4, 1940

the regents of of of the board member evacumissionary general the directed chapel Panguitch North Ward The also she held of Utah, University memago, Rees C. ation are A. a months few Presiding Bishop dedicated by was of, in, officer nubership an and was Mission, of the East Hugh German have Richards. Bishops who B. LeGrand Living organizations. women's merous British Gustive Mission, the of Brown its conof the years during served son. are one daughters and four Mission, of the Swedish Larson O. Ipson, P. struction are Bishop Hans

of the F. CzechoToronto Wallace the building was begun, whom of under B. Garff Mission, slovakian MarkMISSIONARIES GET Church, Rudolph and Bishop

Mission, Franklin MurDanishWELFARE TRAINING the under whom it was completed. Mission,J. of the Netherlands dock M.

As part of their intensive tenday Douglas Wood of the West German In the Grantsville Second Ward **"training course prior to their deMission, and A. Richard Peterson of Clyde Williams succeeds E. M. Clark

parture for the field, missionaries at the the Norwegian Mission. as bishop, Paul Johnson and Bert BarSalt Lake Mission Home now make a rus succeed Sidney G. Clark and Roy

tour of the Central and Salt Lake ReJanuary 14, 1940 Brown as counselors, and Austin gional Bishops'Storehouse for a firstOne thousand people witnessed the Hunter succeeds Bert Barrus as ward hand study of Church Welfare Plan dedication of the $63,000 Twentysec- clerk.

hall, at centerOperation. The $150,000 751 Weberond WardStake.chapelPresidentand recreationHeber J. February 15, 1940 in Salt South Street West Seventh

Lake comprises an Administration Grant offered the dedicatory prayer. To be used both as stake and ward

Building housing offices and storage and The building is known as the "afterhouse, the new Preston First Ward distributing facilities, a root cellar, a six ward"because construction labor building, Franklin Stake, erected at a cannery, and a heating plant. donated by members was performed cost of $69,000, has been completed.

after working hours. Members of the The ultramodern structure contains

for offices classrooms, twentythree B. bishopric are: Bishop Fox; M. MaxTWELVE MONUMENTS bishopric high council, and ward Boy Drimmeland Anton O. Schmidt Van FOR 1940PLANNED

servroom, Relief Society Scout room, en, Taylor, counselors; Vernon W.

Principal objective of the Utah Pioward clerk. ice kitchen, recreation hall, and chapel

seating capacity of with twelve a hunTrails neer Assoand Landmarks President addressed Grant Heber J. stake, for for dred acward, 450 and will ciation the for completion be 1940 services at morning the L. D. Sunday tivities. thirtyfoot fronts the tower A series of beof twelve monuments a for S. in the the deaf branch Utah building, for future has and wired been in Ibapah tween and Floyd Utah Camp for Blind, School Ogden. and Deaf is installation of chimes. pipe organ A the near Creek) Nevada (Deep Utah Interpreter suDriggs, Frank was M. in also for included the plans near line. state will follow markers The school. the the perintendent of future. is Earl bishop. C. Goaslind trail old route the Stage and Overland

used by the Pony Express riders from Elder Charles A. Callis of the CounApril 3, 1860, to October, 1861. cil of the Twelve dedicated the Grand CHURCH LEADERS AT

Junction Ward meetinghouse, built at "CHRISTIAN MISSION"

BEAUTIFICATION a cost of $24,000. Prominent participants in the annualGOES FORWARD January 21, 1940 University of Idaho Christian MisDlaces of worship on principal highBoth the Ogden and Weber High sion at Moscow, Idaho, during the week

ways become the special concern School seminary buildings were dediof February 1116, were Elder Albert for 1 940 of the Churchwide Beautificacated by President Heber J. Grant in E. Bowen of the Council of the Twelve

tion Program. "It is planned tbit by conjunction with graduation exercises and Dr. Franklin L. West, Church

beautification of these key structures, for more than seven hundred students. commissioner of education. They offiwhich are seen by hundreds of thouAt the Logan Institute, President cially represented the Church in a prosands of tourists annually, other church Grant also attended graduation exergram that is carried out conjointly by

and community improvement projects cises of the North Cache, South Cache, several churches to bring to the attenwill be inspired, affecting every man, Logan, and Preston seminary students. tion of university groups the contribuwoman, and child in the intermountain He was accompanied by Elder Bryant tion of religion to the individual life

west,"states M. O. Ashton, member S. Hinckley, Dr. Franklin L. West, and and to society.

of the Presiding Bishopric and chairDr. M. Lynn Bennion. Both leaders addressed general asman of the Church Beautification Comsemblies of faculty and students, apmittee. Letters have been sent to bishJanuary 22, 1940 peared several times at the L. D. S.

ops and stake presidents seeking coMrs. Adelaide Webb Dusenberry, Institute at Moscow, spoke before the

operation in this particular phase of 96, Utah pioneer who won the "oldest Rotary and Kiwanis clubs, dined the program. grandmother"designation at the 1939 throughout the week at fraternity

During 1939, ninetynine of the 884 Golden Gate International Exposition, houses and dormitories on the campus, chapels and stake tabernacles owned died in San Francisco. Her husband, where they gave short talks, and for

by the Church in western states underWarren Dusenberry, served as mayor five days conducted a daily seminar.

went major building and grounds imof Provo and as a state probate judge, Elder Bowen led discussions on "Deprovements. Changes, approved by and was one of the founders of the mocracy vs. the Totalitarian State,"and

Church architects, all were in the instate mental hospital at Provo, and Dr. West led the seminar on "Religion

terest of beautification. the Dusenberry School, which was in the World of Science."

fcdii&daL

9sl <Hdwul (pa&hvi&A, over the back fence and behind home walls is so much more important than what is represented from neighbors convince the pulpit. our cannot If we gratifying of throughaccomplishment, A record surely cannot that in our the Gospel works lives, we in unbelievably some respects almost out, and

so, is reported by the First Council of the Seventy convince them that they should pay the price of for the stake missions of the Church for the year accepting the Gospel. If we cannot win acceptance

best are known, for our message at home where we 1939. (See Statistical Summary, page 165.)

it to far places in carrying are not justified we

It is less than four years since this activity was but time and statistics have proved that, with the established upon its present Churchwide basis by help of the Lord, we have done and are doing both.

action of the First Presidency at the General Conis of reminiscent mission This movement home this that in brief time ference of April, 1936—but first small early of the Church. days That well traveled has missionary on the movement home

its way toward becoming the dominant missionary group of loyal and grateful members went first to factor the inspired of the Church. And foresight townsmentheir friendsbeforeand theytheir wentfamiliesto farandplaces,their andfellowin dramatically action such of demonstrated has been

this success. today found manner they much And realthe recent with even now, by events—because of surely our efforts are neighbors our as worthy in fields, ization of home a vigorous momentum

many foreign fields have become closed to activity as those who dwell in distant places, and from a by acts of war. Such a coincidence of happenings purely selfish point of view their conversion is a

and developments is but another evidence of the greater asset to us than would be the conversion of our neighbors and guiding Power that directs the Church in ordained someone far removed—because

channels. their views become part of the influence of our

communities, and color, to some extent, the enThe report shows organized missions in 1 28 out vironment in which we live and rear our children.

of the 129 stakes of the Church. It shows 2,101 A community unified in its fundamental beliefs

stake missionaries giving their time to this cause, has fewer social problems and fewer perplexities.

through whose efforts 2,220 men, women, and children have been baptized into the Church, and And so we are grateful for the increasing yield for missionaries to the home inactive 3,806 have back into in been brought members pastures—grateful

their their devotion time and and their good works It activity. fellowship the Seventies shows and carrying the major responsibility (which they—grateful to their families who bid them Godspeed

acin their the bishops to who, calling virtue noble of their should ), with do by plan, release from cording them tolabors—gratefulthe approved Priests, service Elders, also being rendered by High

and lady missionaries. It shows that every time other ward duties for the brief duration of their

to the mission presidents and some missionary has done approximately ninetymissions—grateful

nine hours of labor, someone, precious in the sight the stake presidents whose cooperation and support of God, has accepted the plan of life and salvation and planning and persuasion are so vital to this to the First Council of the Sevwhich the Lord has provided for all His children success—grateful

who will be partakers of it. Many other equally enty who have been charged with the conduct and

to the Council significant facts are also shown. (See page 165 supervision of these missions—and

for further details. of the Twelve and the First Presidency for their

counsel, and direction, and inspired leadership

All this, which is only a beginning of the possiand grateful to the Lord whose work it is, who gives bilities and potentialities, has been accomplished the increase, and from whom all blessings flow.

with negligible expense either to the Church or its are grateful, too, that the boundless blessmembers individually. To bring about this result We

no one has had to give up his employment. No one ings of missionary service may now come to men

has had to leave his family or materially alter the and women who have never had the opportunity in this major routine of his life. No one has had to travel to go to outside fields. No man or woman

to far places, or incur obligations, or receive supChurch should be without such experience, because port from others that would otherwise not have the Lord has imposed upon us primarily the responbeen necessary. All this has come merely by a sibility of preaching the Gospel to every creature,

determination on the part of sincere and capable and we are all of us representatives of the Church of the cause twentyfour hours of Gospel of to give earnest hours and and a few men and women in day, every life. This obligation of all the ways their effort missionary each prayerful week among

friends and neighbors, in response to call from the no Latterday Saint can escape.

proper authority and under proper direction, in the Those members of the Church now living in interests of the greatest cause in the world. places from which, by reason of war, the fulltime

The outstandingly important factor in this growmissionaries have been withdrawn may soon find results in the preaching and like satisfactions ing achievement is the upright lives of the members like of the Gospel by organized manner effort and by of the Church in general, and of the missionaries their lives in their homelands. And world events

in particular, in their own homes and communities. may soon show, with even more dramatic conclusBy the manner of their living, many of them have iveness, the wisdom and divine direction that

preached eloquent sermons before ever they have brought about the Churchwide organization of misuttered a spoken word. What is said and seen sionary effort in home pastures. R. L. E.

pared with minute care to detect differences. Quotations writers, the Bible from by ancient whenEvidences and earlier extant, copies asperhaps were have been

sembled and compared. The human toil given to

such labor, is a noble example of the esteem in whichreconciliations the sacred scriptures are held. It is another evidence of his greatness that Joseph Smith was one of

xxJju. A+ ihsL (BiblsL IJuwAlaJbuL the early workers in the socalled textual criticism

of the Bible.

Another group of workers has undertaken to discover the origin, authorship, and history of the

HThe eighth Article of Faith declares that "We many parts of the Bible. Their avowed objective is

believe the Bible to be the word of God as far not to discredit the Bible, but to discover truth. To

as it is translated correctly."This implies that accomplish their purpose, methods of literary and

there are mistranslations in the Bible. Moreover, historical criticism have been employed. From

the Prophet Joseph Smith, from the beginning of dissimilarities in style and contemporary historical his ministry, gave some time to revising passages sources, and by other means it has been inferred, in the Bible which had been translated incorrectly for example, that certain books of the Bible are or so rendered as to make the meaning obscure. composites of several original manuscripts, or have

( See Documentary History of the Church, notably been written by several authors. This is the soVolume 1. called Higher Criticism. However honest and

Errors in the translation of the Bible are due Godfearing these workers may be, many of their primarily to the fact that the original documents conclusions and explanations remain in the field are lost. The manuscripts from which our Bible of inference, not of fact. Whether the Pentateuch

translations have been made are copies, perhaps and Joshua are made up from four original docucopies of copies, of the originals. Even in our day, ments, or that the Gospel of John and the Book

with our many modern helps, it is practically imof Revelation were written by two different writers, possible to secure a letterperfect copy of a book, or that Paul did not write the Epistle to the Heif done by hand. It is not a matter of dishonesty, brews, may ever remain in the region of hypothesis.

but of human limitations. The wrong word may be The purpose of Higher Criticism may be acceptwritten, or a word so written as to convey a false able; but its limitations must ever be kept in mind.

meaning; for example, the accidental absence of a Theories have the same value in Biblical study as

dot converts the Aramaic sign for rope into camel. in chemistry, but no more; and theories are forever

Therefore we have long wrestled with the meaning changing. This is well brought out in the "modern

of the Biblical statement, "It is easier for a camel trend"in Biblical criticism. (See Willett, The

to go through the eye of a needle,"which really Bible Through the Centuries; White, The Conflict

should read, "It is easier for a rope to go through of Science with Theology; Journal of Bible and

the eye of a needle."Likewise, the statement, Religion, Vol. 6, part 2.)

"Let the dead bury the dead"has been perplexing. How the sacred scriptures were translated from

The Aramaic word for dead is metta and for town, ancient tongues into English and made available matta. It becomes likely, therefore, that the true to the common man is a most thrilling chapter in

saying was "Let the town bury the dead,"a very human history. Love of God and man was the

common practice in the days of Christ. (See driving impulse of the translators; disgrace and

Lamsa, Gospel Light. death were their frequent reward. The names of

More serious are the evident attempts by ancient Wycliffe, Tyndale, Coverdale, and many others, copyists to clarify or correct the text of the manuincluding the makers of the socalled authorized scripts by inserting personal comments, which in or King James'translation, should be held in revercourse of time, have become parts of the sacred ence by all Englishspeaking people. Like honor

record. As an illustration, I John 5:7, 8 reads, should be shown those who made the Bible avail-

"For there are three that bear record in Heaven, able in other tongues, German, French, Scandithe Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost, and navian, etc. The Bible has rendered manifold

these three are one...."It is said that two services to every nation which it has entered. As

hundred and fifty Greek manuscripts exist, conit formed and fixed the English language, and taining this section of John's epistle, but do not unified the German tongue from Luther's version, contain the words in verses 7 and 8. Only four so it has influenced deeply all peoples who have

known manuscripts contain them, and they were received it. (See J. Patterson Smythe, How We

made after 1400 A. D., and they are not found in Got Our Bible; Goodspeed, The Making of the

any known manuscript before the seventh century English New Testament; Calwell, The Study of.

after Christ. These words evidently added by a the Bible.

scribe have given rise to much religious misunderIt should be remarked that the translation of the standing. (See Sims, The Bible from the BeginBible into several modern languages has helped us

ning; McGavin, An Apology for the Book of to understand the meaning of many passages otherMormon.) wise obscure. To convert the ideas recorded in

Earnest efforts employing every available device Hebrew or Greek into another language is not an have been made by lovers of the Bible to discover easy task. The translator at the best is only an

such errors, and thus to purify the text of the Bible. interpreter of the text. It is well therefore to comThe various existing manuscripts have been compare, say a standard trans- (Concluded on page 191)

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

IS SCOLDING ANY GOOD? and so simply did what to them was the ounces of butter, one ounce of cheese, and

easiest."one serving of ice cream contain all the vitaBy Laura Gray "Well, what would you do with a fivemin A needed by the average person for

is leafy teaspinching green day. yearold vegetables and always Yellow a and who It's altogether. scolding given**T've up

the sister's other are ing important the yolks younger and egg boy?"my * ones—like friend, use!"declared Mrs. no my of sources vitamin A. just smiled. Mrs. "That's Wright my fire. sat asWright, by we my I saying, repeatedly to used be Tommy! children to then do do make you "What that! unkind! 'Stop Stop so be Don't

I THE told?"asked, they're CORNER COOK'Sbehave and what do

until Flossy!'teasing as might voice my face. at herlooking serene and She happy

felt I well the blowing. Burnett been wind have Barbara Badger By lively six youngsters. the of motherwas

better then there sure be a So way. must rut, into "I to try getting a from keep with Roll Sauce Clam Tuna to I play his to tried sending room Tommy to time. time procedure changing fromby my rest. the to alone, until kind could he be cans tuna Star White it alert. this, like keepsChildren them and

I his took hand didn't say St. evaptablespoons Charles Borden'sI everything. into almost fun anything—just So weave

led out. kicked and he and him Once orated milk situatryinglong as laugh, can even we

led. took wouldn't be screamed and We juice tablespoons lemontions bravely."can be met

the left in playalone things and our him scraped teaspoons onion at surely can't everylaugh "But you living room, the where into room, and went parsley tablespoons choppedthing?"

to usually allowed not children the were salt teaspoon side,"has everything a funny "Almost solitude he of play. minutes After a few flour Biscuit I I cups find Globe decisive. declared.she must be "But

smiling. out and sunny always comes No fix of together course a upon weWhen are But ever made. or flour biscuit remarks comments the with milk enough Mix principle importantaction or an when

I'll for another."fails stiff this look all to ingredients. method a dough. is when make Mix there exceedinglyinvolved, be an must good

I anreasonable,"sound in sheet out the methods Roll inch "Your a about dough for excused. to inreason lapse order be a %

monotonous soon grows thick. swered. "Scolding mixture. with tuna Roll Spread up girls expect. to the what and boys knowSo

ineffective."roll like jelly and a and a buttered bake pan on isIf bedtime, they o'clock unalterably seven

friend, continued too,"found, "I've in thirty hot (425) for my about a minoven to to that themselvesaccustom bed and go wait, and once to slices give "that a in utes. command sauce. with Serve clam eight. or seventhirty atat not seven and

effective is more performance, expecting if I that earlyI learned kept changing very Sauce Clam talking."to than on keep that, for this weakening reason and mindmy

under pressure, the children didn't really "How do you mean?"1 can Pioneer minced sea clams

tomore "If I out any say, 'Don't go 1 butter tablespoon Cloverleafknow what I was likely to require of them decisivethat is please,'enough. night, A flour tablespoons 2

recogthat the expressed boy ness has been calls at then me, nizes. looks Tommy to Y2Y2 cupteaspoonCloverleafsalt cream that ends can't come, and his friend that he

go. if I can't 'No, say, the matter. you But Melt butter, gradually add flour, and add

I don't night. late last want out were You to point; boiling cream. Bring add clams;

Bill I wouldn't wish to out now. go you for minutes; simmer season. and two

senses late,'boy here so over my come indecision in my own mind and plays up Veal Balls with Dumplings it. to flour Biscuit 2 cups Globe "a discan't heck, And 'Aw, why 1 veal chopped pound is ensues, power argument agreeable I?'my

2 cans tomato soup disare nerves everyone's lessened, and 2 cups water turbed."

1 salt teaspoon I right,"acknowlabsolutely "You're teaspoon pepper x/2 thoughtfully. edged

1 leaf bay SAFETY FIRST DIET 2 tablespoons minced onion.

salt the veal Season with pepper. and follows person diet may of a kind The balls, into twelve small Form in a brown road. the safety his affect New on

kettle. deep the soup, water, tomato Add recently this has statement for evidence

onion, until seasonings. and Simmer meat Economics, of the Bureau from Home come

is cooked. biscuit dumplings from Mix reports Agriculture, of S. Department U.

flour into and boiling spoonfuls drop by Scientists Council. National the iD&Jry

have found that a diet which does not consauce. Cover tightly and steam for ten

tain enough vitamin A will make it imposminutes.

light well in dim to see sible for a person will light, also Spring Salad Bowl and to bright after exposure

vision. side his is, to limit leaves. full Fill half letof crisp shredded—thatcause his field of vision to become narrower Trim a large salad bowl with lettuce

than three times that Statistics more show lettuce the of with tuce. Cover a layer

as many traffic accidents occur at night as chopped green onions and shredded green during the day, in proportion to the volume pepper. Around the outside arrange sliced

of traffic. Many night accidents are probtomatoes and cucumbers. Sprinkle the

ably caused by the fact that the driver is center with Three Diamonds Brand crab blinded by headlights of oncoming cars and meat and garnish with radishes and ripe does not regain normal vision quickly. A olives. Just before serving season with

this as blindness, have night person may it. In salt. Serve with Nalley's French dressing. realize is called, condition and not

fact, a large proportion of the population Angel Cake probably has night blindness, as the average

American diet does not contain enough 134 cups white from Milk White eggs vitamin A. 34 cup beet sugarGHURCHS Dairy products are rich sources of vita- 1 teaspoon flavoring

min A. They will supply the day's need 1 cup Globe "Al"cake flour JUICE for this important vitamin, if taken in ade- 1 teaspoon cream of tartarBMW quate amounts. One quart of milk, two 14 teaspoon salt

Beat egg whites with egg whip until foamy; add cream of tartar; and beat until

stiff enough to stand up in peaks. Fold in

slowly, sugar and flour which have been sifted together. Add flavoring. Pour in an

ungreased tube tin and bake in a slow oven (325) for one hour.

Chocolate Cream Filling (For Angel Cake) 1 pint Cl'overleaf whipping cream 4 rounding tablespoons Ghirardelli's ground chocolate 1 teaspoon vanilla Stir chocolate into cream and let stand thirty minutes. with sweeten and U. Whip,

'flavoring. sugar.I. powdered Cut Add *BK mm mm wkmmW "mk fillcenter cake; chocolate out of angel with:ml:fm W %W viWfilling. Cover outside also and let stand MODPVREX

several hours.

Book Rack II Piece Hostess (Concluded from page 156) SETS and mind of the man who knew the gospel of brotherly love as few persons have been privileged to know it.

The journal purportedly was written in code, express for the of keeping purpose it too ENTER EASY CONTEST readingthe merely curious from tellingeasily. about ('also went Dr. Hudson

for the also manner,it in a circuitous purTODAY... here's all you do 6-CUP

thepose person decoded of making who PERCOLAT at last Just complete the following sentence in 25 words theit appreciate message he when had it—M. C. J. or less: "I like Globe 'Al'(Fill in name offavorite

AN ANTHOLOGY OF WORLD groceryif you productwanted ortofeed)writebecauseabout Globe"For"Al"example,Flour,LITERATURE like 'Al'"I sentence start your Globe would Philo Macmillan you (Edited by M. Buck.

"honest give your and then because Flour York, 1939.)Company, New

THEthatauthorin hisstatescollectionplainlythein problemhis prefacehas reasonany Globein 25"Al"wordsproduct—or less. Flour;You canPancakewrite Flour;about CASSEROLEwith pie plate

been one of exclusion of all national literCake Flour; Biscuit Flour; Salad Oil; Macaroni; or cover

atures "whose influence on the European Globe "Al"Poultry and Animal Feeds. Mail your

tradition has been negligible or very recent."entry, together with a label or box top from any

the introduction to should be volumeThe MILLS, to product DEPT.P, "Al"Globe GLOBE <<

all value theread would by know who closes midnight Contest March ANGELES. LOS

of the challenging written note word. A wish, entries in with as as you 1940. Send 31, many

formight authors both be and sounded facsimile). for label (or a each one inpublishers Professor statement one by with FRYING PAN

is "It tradition the the of of gloryBuck: chroDE- detachable HINTS COMPLETE HELPFUL it inliterature FOR persistently that AND has Europe handle mium

patiently in sought attack Editor's variedand Foster, and listen to The "Mary TAILS the central ofout theme and human Friday. through every Daughter", Monday

.. responsibility. rebehuman. We conductmust P.M. 12:30 A. M. - KSFO KNX 8:00..spectful creditors. foreign to these Oursis a debt, too, that is not easy to repudiate.V

-—or safe."1000 CHANCES TO WIN one of

The volume is a comprehensive one and these handsome sets of eleven pieces of'includes authors should who be known to sparkle your 1 to neweststyle Add PYREX. SAUCEQUART love a all who profess

easier. chroused with cleaning and cooking PAN kitchen. Make C. J. for—M.literature.

PAUL REVERE SQUARE Clip this ad for a reminder. It may not appear again. mium handle

(Louise Andrews Kent, Houghton Buy several Globe

Mifflin Boston, 1939. Company, right products ss**mrf "Al"pages. $2.50.)336 will have so you away

f W& of the author novel, muchtouted in labels to send with?**!* 2?** this, Terrace, has a repeat in done *I jheThe entries. your

her latest book, Paul Revere Square. One

sure way of interesting Latterday Saints in a book is showing a pedigree chart. GLOBE

The author traces the genealogy of the

Jocelyn family from 1839 to the present.

Although there is the usual background of pAMfAKB the story concernsaunts and uncles, itself FLOUR particularly Jocelyn, with Diana an orphan left to the notso-tender mercies of those SIX NEW STYLE same aunts—and an uncle who mellows thin custard cups

influence. her genialunder

is the Although the beginning of story BISCUIT ffMl—, "*

it tragic chronicling enough, as the does HILLS GLOBE deaths of FRANCISCO. Diana's uncle, parents her 10 9 ANGELES, SAN and

Nicholas, the novel soon swings into a SACRAMENTO, OGDEN, UTAH, lighter mood, what with the nephews'vying 41/11 IBS. NET WEIGHT

for the their niece, hand of Diana, (lOO*CiOMSIMOUII*MILLS contained dollars.hand roughly one million whose olqseAFflour

The author has a deft touch that makes her material readable. M. C. J.

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; JOHN A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH F. MERRILL, AND SYLVESTER Q. CANNON

A LETTER FROM THE COMMITTEE Quorums Active

HPhe following letter is selfexplanatory. It is hoped it will receive the attention In the letter of the First Presidency

its importance deserves: inaugurating the Campaign for the

Nonuse of Liquor and Tobacco these

Stake Presidencies, Supervisors and February 15, 1940. statements are made:

Officers of Priesthood Quorums Make this campaign a project for all

Dear Brethren: the Priesthood quorums, both Melchizedek

As a reminder of suggestions and instructions sent to you several months ago, please and Aaronic, charging the quorums with find herewith a copy of President Clawson's letter. (See August, 1939, Improvement Era, the responsibility of (a) keeping their own

the alcovice of using free from this letter carefully that read it be read again and members ask page 487.) you and that We

all assisting (b) othhol and tobacco, and the action for in Priesthood of considered Melchizedek monthly commeeting the Stake mittee with the officers of Priesthood groups and guorums. ers to do likewise.

This letter calls special attention of Priesthood quorum officers to some of their We urge that all committees conduties—visiting and keeping in touch with their members and conducting a campaign tact their Priesthood quorums in their

among them for the nonuse of liquor and tobacco. Will you please urge that questions stakes and wards with the view of urgto these pertaining as well matters the Quarterly be fully Report answered on Forms as ing to instructions follow the of them

all to questions. best these other Further, kindly reach Reports Quarterly your have do the First relative Presidency to this office quarter. the close of of within ten each President Clawson's days

We believe that the distribution among and reading by all quorum members of the Campaign for the Nonuse of Liquor three booklets on the nonuse of liquor and tobacco should be completed without further and Tobacco.

this officers, to presented that matter delay. Melchizedek Therefore be all quorum ask we Material Sent to the Field

this to of the that complete without phase urged they campaign be and Aaronic, and delay. A well planned "drive"in each quorum would soon complete this work that has Recently the Morris Record and

been dragging all too long. Brethren, please act to get this matter behind you. Film, also lantern slides carrying temBrethren, we have confidence in you. We appreciate that you have difficulties in perance gems to be used in picture

some of these matters. But we trust none of you will become discouraged and that shows, have been sent to the field. It

through energy, persistence, and the merited help of the Lord you will achieve new is hoped that abundant use will be successes in your Priesthood work. made of this material.

Sincerely your brethren, Initiate New Things

PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE, COUNCIL OF TWELVE, We believe that all local committees

By Joseph Fielding Smith, Chairman. should try to initiate one or more features promoting the interests of the

campaign. those have done who Among cigarettes. for "bootleg"paid Amounts

is this the of Stake. committee Juab liquor, cigars, of toother forms and ANTILIQUOR-TOBACCO L. the a Will of Hoyt, Judge member in cigarthan those bacco commercial high council stake, that of proposed COLUMN inin ettes (not are not taxed Utah) "Teetotaler a Campaign"which was cluded.

authorities the stake approved and by dollars third of a a million About SIN CONTINUE ANDWASTE is this progress. in feature of The now

in cigarettes for more paid Utah was. is is a pledge Campaign as. which official followingHpHE alcoholic figures indicate and during beverages 1939 follows:

the challenge to a liquortobacco than for all kinds of Federal taxes. Yet

nonuse campaign in Utah. The State the latter, the burden of which we Pledge of the Teetotaler

Liquor Control Commission furnishes bitterly complain, were for services I am opposed to drunkenness.

the figures for hard liquor and the State and benefits, but the former was waste I believe that America will be a safer

Tax Commission those for beer and and sin. How foolish we are: place and a better place to live if drunkenness is decreased.

Paid for 1937 1938 1939 useI believeof liquorthatis totalthe safestabstinencecoursefromfor theall

Cigarettes $ 2,687,604.30 $ 2,672,656.65 $ 2,823,383.10 men and women and the only safe course

Beer 4,500,000.00 3,959,922.30 4,090,464.00 for many.

Hard Liquor 4,090,326.09 3,938,565.75 3,966,035.67 I realize that my example may influence,

other people.

Total $11,277,930.39* $10,571,144.70** $10,879,882.77 I am willing to forego the use of liquor

in altogether order that cannot one no who * Improvement Era, March, 1938, p. 109 ** Improvement Era, March, 1939, p. 165 histry control his drinking justify to may

WHAT CAN WE DO? laws. But laws of this kind are never drunkennessI resolve byto referringabstain totallyto my example.from the

Law Enforcement enforced,there is a publicexperiencedemandshows,for enforceunless drinkingviting othersof alcoholicto drinkliquorliquorandfor fromat leastinthis date. months from states, all, particularly in if not mostTn ment. suggest that our commitSo we

to five I further least resolve at persuade in excellent there are tees Utah, laws active in supporting public be enothers this to resolution—each of makerelative sale to the narcotics to boys officials of forcement that these to the end least to five at others to dopersuade them

thatand girls. will all of our laws observed. be We suggest welding We call your likewise—thereby

feastake committees attention a special to make a ing chain of "friends special menace—vendof temperance—foesan evergrow-

ture of the enforcement of these laws ing machines from which minors may of drunkenness."

in their respective states. The Municget cigarettes. The use of these maipal League of Utah and the County chines by merchants should be prohibOfficers'Association have passed resoited unless the merchants are willing Dated 19

lutions in their respective state meetto see that no minors are permitted to Send 3-cent stamp to Trie Teetotalers,- ings favoring the enforcement of these operate them. Nephi, Utah, for additional'copies.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1940

CONTRIBUTIONS BY YEARLY REPORT OF THE L. D. S. STAKE MISSIONS

DR. OAKES Made by The First Council of the Seventy to The Council o{ the Twelve Apostles

T\r. L. Weston Oakes of Provo, MISSIONARYFor the YearACTIVITIESo[ 1939 1939 1938

one of our best informed physi- 1. Number of times out doing missionary work. 100.043 89,825

2. in missionary 217,801 Hours spent 208,240 work effects of the physiologicalcians on

for entered of 57,186 the first time 75,649 3. Number homes itemsnarcotics, us the following sends 4. of invitations return to 75,198 Number

5. Number of revisits 61,775 59,099

1. TOBACCO AND HEART BLOCK 6.7. NumberNumber ofof standardGospel conversationsChurch works distributed: 175,337 166.937

Sold Loaned deaths from these of increasing days of the Bible Copies 151 230IN of of the 1,794 Copies Book 1,805 Mormon inof disease, especially the kind heart of the Doctrine 210 Copies Covenants and 259 its heart of the vesselsvolving and blood of Pearl the Copies of Price 174 Great nervous control, the following quotation is TOTAL (loaned and sold) (not classified—134) 194 4,951 10,239

significant. Interpreted in lay terms it means 8. Number of other books distributed 6,179 5,341

tracts of pamphlets distributed 239,136 and 9. Number 195,888 interferes in withthat tobacco some way

hall of missionaries 3,391 meetings 3,473 held Number bythat part system of the nervous which au10.11. cottage of meetings held Number 7,748 by missionaries

tomatically regulates those functions car12. Number of missionaries who attended cottage and hall meetings 24,909 26.5498,089

13. of investigators at present cottage Number meetings 35,653 38,991 and hallried without our having in our bodies on

14. result a as baptisms of missionary Number work: control This over them. voluntaryany people over 15 years of (1) ofOf 946 age

observation applies especially to the con- (2) Of people under 15 years of age a. of are Both whose parents members 753 action. Disturbof hearttrol mechanism

b. 15 under 521 years of age for that is responsible of these nervesance 2,220 1,757 OthersTOTAL

fatal disease known as heart block. 15. Number of inactive members of the Church brought into activity through stake missionary

presented "It the findings service appears during the from year 4,389.'. 3,806 of stakes Number 126 in the 129 Churchin this that tobacco has a sensitizing paper

of 122 stake missions organized 128 carotid Number cardioinhibitoryinfluence the on sinus reflex. MISSIONARIES

"That tobacco has a decided influence on Number of stakes reporting (As of December 31, 1939) 103 92 the organs controlled by the autonomic Number of districts 361 356

Elders 303 285 repeatedly has been shownnervous system

Seventies 1.150 1,169 observers."and ("Tobaccoby numerous High Priests '. 252the Cardioinhibitory Carotid Sinus ReWomen 395 262349

flex,"Louis H. Sigler, Medical Record,

January 6, 1937, page 19.) Number TOTALof missionaries making the minimum requirement 2,101561 2.064

{Concluded on page 171) Number of missionaries making less than minimum requirement 1,111

Number of inactive missionaries 379

QUORUM PROJECTS Not classifiedTOTAL (agrees with total above) 2,10150

WHAT IS YOUR tions,Accordingthe staketo themissionsfiguresinand1939calculahave ofonework.baptismInforsomeeachstakestwentyfivethis runshoursa

QUORUM DOING? performed their labors, bringing to a little higher. In considering the splen139th Quorum o} Seventy Advances close the efforts of this year, on a basis did piece of work done in connection

New Type of Report for Missionary that seems almost unbelievable. All the with the 3,806 inactive members

Activity expenses that the Church has borne in broughtactivities backand toagainthe intopaymenttheir ofpropertheir

Tn furnishing a brief, but very adequate connection with the stake missions durtithes and offerings and attendance at * and informative account of the year's ing 1939 have averaged Only $1.68 for Sacrament meetings, we feel that the

activities, the annual report of the 139th each convert baptized. In a number of stake missionary efforts for 1939 have

Quorum of Seventy which was precases, our stake missions have reported been highly successful.

sented at a recent quarterly conference (See also editorial, "In Home Pastures,"page 160) of the Big Horn Stake suggests a type worthy of emulation. The report is

an evaluation as well as a resume of Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, April, 1940 the quorum's participation in the stake Text: Priesthood and Church Government.

mission, radio programs, foreign mis- ( See supplementary readings, problems, and projects below.

sions, and other activities. Of particular interest are the "portraits in

miniature"of quorum members serving LESSON X III. Order in use of Priesthood

authority subject to higher a. Lower interesting missions:in foreign Priesthood the Hold May paraWho b. Forfeiture aposthrough of rights comment which and of historygraphs 6, 7275.) Chapter (Read pp. tasy, excommunication

mislabors of each thebriefly sketch c. In behalf of self and family: no Lord's I. The way selectare to date. Followingsionary limitation Supplementary ( See universal (See of salvation a. Plan

reof the representative paragraphsed Readings 4) 1 Supplementary Readings port: b. All worthy men may hold Priest- d. In behalf of Church: by appointGerald Lynn: Has interested the Chilean hood (See Supplementary Readment

in action IV. Authority ings 2) with tennis Aires; plays at BuenosConsul

a. Difference between authority and c. Fulness of Priesthood according to for Christmas the embassyhim; attended

dinner. Doing excellent work among the faithfulness (See Supplementary authorization

Argentinians. Readings 3) b. For the sake of order

1. office to particular Ordination Priesthood candidate Sorensen: been II. The Denmark. Has Norman

authority proper by a. have Church membershipin transMust recently has been and Copenhagen

2. to Authorization (appointment) officers b. presiding Selected the by inferred of branch charge to Aarhus;

in officiate (exercise powers c. for to approval is district Presented Church president president. Missionand

of) that office d. layingrates of hands Ordained outstanding. on as doing by him been Has

a wonderful service among the presentday e. Receives progressive experience in V. Priesthood greater than any of its.

relatives and descendants of his ancestors. successive ordination to higher offices

Alvard Cox: Is now located in Council offices a. Different callings, but same PriestBluffs, Iowa, the old site on the Mormon f. May lose Priesthood through inhood

{Concluded on page 171) activity {Continued on page 166)..

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1940

{Continued from page 165) 2. Simon the sorcerer desired to purchase

gifts b. bearer of Priesthood to perthe of the Priesthood. Peter Power gave him Supplementary Readings function in illuminating form Priesthood any 8:1420). an answer (Acts

when called by proper authority How possible is it for Priesthood to be For Priesthood and Church Government c. Authority in office derived from obtained illegitimately? What was the

Priesthood condition of the church in the Middle Ages

Problems and projects: when offices were bought and sold? 1 The Church exists to advance the

1. In what way does your understanding 3. Parallel Matthew 16:19 and Doctrine Great Plan by which, in the end, every

of the nature and operation of the plan of and Covenants 81:2. man may live happily on earth and at

salvation influence your concept of Priest- 4. What do the events related in Acts last enter into eternal progression. All

19:1-6 8:5-17 indicate concerning and briefly other Consider hood? world what their out active in working be own the must

in the laying requisite of authority religions teach as the plan, salneed the of way in assisting in addestinies, proper and gift to of the the of confer hands on Holy vation. their corresponding view What therefore, All, Plan. the vancing whole is Discuss: Ghost? God's Ghost Holy "Tke of Priesthood? correlation do you isWhat to Priesthood of the authority the need all to in administer these messenger (Melfind within each view?

2. Illustrate from the record of your own chizedek, Aaronic, Levitical) Priesthoods."officiate as may be required by the work

behalf. in or the of Church their own ordithe statement: experience "Through XII LESSON

delewere the of If the Church work offices in nation to successively higher the Priesthood and the Home:

Priesthood, the Church provides progressive Family Organization gated to a few members, it would probexperience and advancement for those hold- (Read Chapter 7, pp. 8083) ably be reasonable for a few men to

ing the Priesthood."however, Priesthood. the hold When, I. Fundamental nature the of home 3. clearly of the Distinguish use between take or upon a. should all must every member of Unit society

officially for self family, Priesthood and and of b. all of active Unit the part of himself progress work a

Illustrate for difference the the Church. II. the home, the As so that it is every Church necessary the Church, "authorization": "authority"and between

a. activities Family basic to the Priestthe of authority the hold man i. e., potential appointand power between Church perauthoritatively that so he hood may that to power. use ment b. is built "Zion of perfected family

is in use the acts and 4. greater the necessary Priesthood Explain: form "The circles"

its offices."in fact, than the truth. In of propagation III. Organization within the family (See find in the 5. challenge do you sufWhat attained all have Church, who men Supplementary Readings 6) the holds statement: "Every man who hold should ficient hold or experience a. the sake of For order

is minister of righteousness."a Priesthood b. Widtsoe, A. the Priesthood. all of blessings Enjoyment (John by

c. place, Assignment of tasks to each 101.) p. Theology, Rational XILESSON

d. Father presides is PriestIt is that 2. there clear no Priesthood the Use MayWho natural divine order and 1 The Christ. of class in the Jesus Church 7579) 6, Chapter (Read pp. 2. spirit In the of Priesthood (See hood

is all. This to belongs Priesthood The exercise of Priesthood Supplementary I. Improper Readings 7)

a. Selfassurance of brethren strongly IV. Priesthood leadership in the home another distinguishing mark of the true

gifted a. Father the highest authority: preChurch, which rests its doctrines upon

b. Refusal to minister outside own sides in all phases of family life eternal principles as already outlined.

ward: a misconception b. The Patriarchal Order The general possession of the Priest-

c. Failure to recognize rights of fa- 1. Of divine origin hood by all worthy male members of

2. therhood Special significance: is with in conformity only preparathe Church

II. authoritative ordination of tion for exaltation Need makes Gospel, of the which theory the

a. 3. prophecy"of "By Order presidency delegated

effort intelligent, united of the Plan one b. laying sons: to on of hands""By device for order

c. Example: Calling of Joseph Smith c. Blessings not restricted to class or under the direction of beings of higher

1. Did not exercise gifts until sex intelligence, and which declares that the

Priesthood bestowed d. Men responsible to act officially highest individual satisfaction can be

2. Reguired laying on of hands for human welfare obtained only when, all other indi-

3. Never acted beyond authorized 1. Should have light of intellividuals are simultaneously advancing.

capacity gence (See Supplementary (Ibid., 102.)

d. Example: Book of Mormon recReadings 8)

of ordination ord 2. Should be permeated with spirit 3. As I understand it, the man who

1. Alma: consecration of Priests of the Lord. works in the shop, whether as tailor,

and Teachers V. A question of law and order carpenter, shoemaker, or in any other

2. Limhi and his people: await au- a. Presidency of father should be recindustrial department, and who lives

thority to form Church ognized according to the law of the Gospel, and

III. Operation of the Holy Ghost b. Worth and qualification not chief is honest and faithful in his calling,

a. ordaining to In Priesthood considerations receiveligible is the just to that as man b. In organizing Priesthood c. wise purpose""A all the blessings of the of ing these and c. gifts In of enjoyment (See Supprojects: Problems and as any Everlasting Covenants and New plementary Readings 5) 1. traditional the of family The as view his faithfulness he through other man; of IV. Priesthood Keys the unit fundamental of society has met principalities, shall thrones, and a. possess Distinguished from Priesthood with deal criticism a of good during recent

1. is Priesthood as authority general his children powers, become and years. some one prepare Have a resume

2. to direct the labors Keys power stars in firmament the as the numerous of arguments. such Actual to attempts

that authority performed by shore. the sea (Lorenzo the or sands on form a society, kind of instithe new with

b. increase not Priesthood Do tution 18, the of Vol. Discourses, family Journal destroyed, Snow, furnish could of

c. their in fulness President Held by the subject for report. far another 301.) p. How of Church such have experiments succeeded? this 4. the to people given has d. in delegated, portion, be He any May 2. light In the of these investigations,

it alfor particular labor placed Priesthood. has upon He defend the Latterday Saint the of view

e. in directing of perorder sake For in every Zion. every most Almost man family.

formance of every act: in time, a portion of the Holy Priestman bears 3. In what can in ways share women

place, manner Priesthood blessings in or Melchizedek. the hood, Aaronic Justify home? We

projects:Problems and the position in the of a wife home of are almost High a nation who Priests—of illustrabriefly review someone 1. Have gifted, be more may capable, more than Priests, bearing Seventies, Elders—men tions scripture of unauthorized from minthe husband, yet must acknowledge his the authority of Priesthood and God. priestly inistrations functions conand their leadership.

the right of to us aphave each Wesequences. Articles Faith, ( See Talmage, 4. of Contrast fatherhood holds the which

pp. 183186: Korah and his associates, Priesthood with fatherhood when it does proach the throne of grace, to hear from

Aaron and Miriam, Uzza, Saul, Uzziah, the not. In what ways is the one a greater the Father, to receive counsel, to reseven sons of Sceva.) challenge than the other? {Continued on page 175)

&4ayonic CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

PLANS FOR AARONIC as possible the place on the Susquehanna to his Testimony of the Book of MorPRIESTHOOD RESTORATION River near Harmony, Pennsylvania, mon,"by a Priest. (5 Min.)

Congregational singing: "Praise to theANNIVERSARY ANNOUNCED wherestored Maythe Aaronic15, 1829.PriesthoodIf such a wasplacereis Man."

it like available, as not nearly as one the of the for commemoration Plans learn the should (Each quorum words selected. locality possible in each be may restoration of the 1 1 1 th Anniversary this practice and song between and now in visited place should chosen be The ocin 18th, in rendition, that Priesthood, order of which the Aaronic May of the committee advance members by to spirit, this understanding, and number an15, 1829, curred have been on May setting the plan of take advantage and service.) feature of the a be may in are events planned nounced. Three situation natural lend which any may

the celebration: The annual Aaronic itself to the program. "Oliver Cowdery as a Special Witness for

Priest. Smith,"Min.) (5 Joseph a by Saturday, pilgrimage Priesthood on of distance within Stakes reasonable

to the a (Oliver witness was Cowdery special meetings 18th; quorum in to join the invited are ValleyMay Cache Translation the of of one Mormon, Book services at at 19th, the of Harris commemorative grave Martin Sunday, and May of the the witness to a Three Witnesses, Clarkston, Utah. all County, Cache in MemServices and wards Sacrament Restoration of the Priesthood Aaronic and

will of bers parPresiding Bishopric the that of day. evening the branches first the Priesthood, Melchizedek bapticipate. will service at held be The pilgrimage for the annual theme The tisms, the early of important and many 2:30 p.m. is of the revelations to Witnesses "Honoring the Three Church.)

of graves Oliver and (The Cowdery is It suggested the of Book Mormon."First or Quartet: Chorus Smith's "Joseph are in Richmond, David Whitmer Ray of stakes, that or stakes groups wards, Prayer."

Co., Missouri.)

if preferred, conduct commemorative the expects of of Church members "What direction basis, under Organization: Stake in services the or shaded Priesthood,"some Aaronic wooded a of by member of Priesthood Stake Aaronic Committee

the Presidency, of the or Stake Stake asplace posnearly as corresponding practicable. Isolated wards where may Priesthood other or Aaronic Committee, sible spot to the the on Susquehanna to prefer the pilgrimage conduct a on representative. (5 Min.) theRiver Priesthood Aaronic where basis. of stakes groups ward Where

was restored. Games, luncheon, and prefer to cooperate, this may be done. Announcement of plans for recreation

other features are suggested for the day Time: The entire day or afternoon and events.

or evening. evening, or afternoon only. Closing song, "O Ye Mountains High."

(This song should and be memorized is folas suggested Program: program A of principal celebration the day The rehearsed by each quorum between now lows:will special services at the cemetery be 15th. and May

if selected, the site Plan to posreach prayer, Closing at at Deacon. a Clarkston, Utah, County, by Cache

sible, in for lunch. time Special musicthe Harris. grave of Services Martin

or entertainment features other could be SUGGESTED FOR PROGRAMwill m., at Saturday, be held 2:00 p. presented period. the during luncheon AARONIC PRIESTHOOD 18th. Presiding the of MembersMay 19, 1940 SUNDAY, principal of the event should The day MAY will parotherBishopric speakers and at approRestoration the Service an be actual 111th of the (The Anniversary Resallticipate, within reasonstakes and priate the afternoon. time Folduring toration is the of Priesthood Aaronic Wedin-able distance of are Valley Cache hikes, or the lowing games, program, 15. nesday, the of year The May if join, to desire.vited Smithfield they other recreation features proshould be Restoration 1829.) was

Stake, in which Clarkston is located, vided for.

Meetings: Quorumwill for act stake occasion. host the as it If is conditions are suitable conand

It is that special urged preparation be desirable, this the sidered beDetails will program of anprogram be may all for Priesthood Aaronic made Quorum service, campfire include to extended a later.nounced meetings that date, that sincere on and a stories of the feature should be which

effort to secure the of be attendance made Priests, Special in printed programs interest to the of of from Book Mormon every of quorum. every Assignmember willTeachers, manuals it and it quorum that be boys, being remembered was

for the ments meeting quorum program translating the in offeatured while meetings Sunquorum Book Mormon on should be well in advance. Programs made inspiration that to the Smith Joseph came 19th.day, service Sacrament The May all are in published manuals. quorum into wilto the Oliver and go Cowdery allin that and branches wards on day

the of for derness understanding to praywill the Meeting: Sacrament of be conducted members by

result that principle of the baptism; and In the for with followed harmony custom direction theAaronic Priesthood under

Priestthe restoration the of Aaronic was it is years, that planned many Sacrament presidents,of bishoprics and branch first the authority baptisms and hood by this meetings shall on conducted day be principal the featureswith beprogram this Dispensation. the of in Priesthood the of by members Priesthood Aaronic undering presented members. by quorum The the direction of bishopric. the sug- (See

theme for the commemorative SacraSuggested Program for the Restoration gestions following the program.)

ment Service is "Honoring the PriestService Program:

hood."(The service to be conducted by a Priest, Theme: "Honoring the Priesthood."

Suggested programs for the pilgrimunder the direction of the Stake or Ward A Priest with two assistants to conduct age and the Sacrament Service follow: Committee.) the meeting under the direction of the

bishop.

Aaronic Priesthood Chorus: "We Thank Teachers and Deacons to act as ushers,

ANNUAL AARONIC PRIESTHOOD Thee, O God, for a Prophet."doorkeepers, and messengers under the

PILGRIMAGE Opening prayer, by a Teacher. direction of a Priest.

trumpet Song, 1. Opening "True to the Faith."number—a

quartet 2. a Saturday, May 18, 1940 Vocalsolo or"NephiteinstrumentalLamentation,"a Teacher. Prayer, by

(The 111th Anniversary of the Restoration of Priests or Teachers, or a chorus of 3. Aaronic Priesthood Chorus or Quartet.

of the Aaronic Priesthood is Wednesday. Deacons, or other appropriate number. 4. Sacrament Service.

May 15th. The Restoration occurred "How the Book of Mormon and the Aaronic Priests to administer Sacrament.

May 15, 1829.) Priesthood are associated in Church HisTeachers to assist in preparation of

tory,"by Stake Chairman of Aaronic Sacrament Table.

Theme: "Honoring the Three Witnesses Priesthood. (5 Min.) Deacons to pass Sacrament.

of the Book of Mormon.""The Place of Martin Harris in Church Special attention should be given to

Place: A shaded or wooded spot on the History,"by a Teacher. (5 Min.) the Sacrament Service. Every detail

bank of a stream, duplicating as nearly "How David Whitmer lived and died true should be checked. A fine spirit of

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1940 reverence should be established. All LEADERS APPEAL FOR tance: First, securing, training, and retainparticipating should give special care COOPERATION IN AARONIC ing the best boy leaders available in each

to of cleanliness of person careful and study, Second, development, clothPRIESTHOOD ing. service standard should set a This correlation EXTENSION ward;and of the programs which are PLAN for future. the prepared central responsible groups by the

this these of for each conIn programs. 5. Scripture Readings,

it is by four Teachers. nection, the that extremely important Cov. 84:3145. a. Doc. and

programs, as shall provided, followed be b. Doc. and Cov. 84:85100. according to the suggestions and recom-

c. Doc. and Cov. 20:3860. mendations of those who have provided

d. Statement of President Brigham them, and that every possible effort be

Young concerning Priesthood, found made so to enrich and develop each proon page 7 of Priests'Manual for gram as to make it attractive to every 1940. young man or boy; Third, that a proper

activity three these program be provided by 6. four Presentation by Deacons—"The

the of groups for the young boys men and Priesthood."Restoration the of Aaronic

ward, giving due consideration to the recom- a. Why the Priesthood was restored. mended programs of each group and to the

b. When and where it was restored. needs of the boys of any age group. These

c. How it was restored. activity programs should be adequate and

d. Circumstances under which it was properly distributed between the three

restored. groups, but care should be exercised that

the activity and recreation phases of the (3 Minutes each.) program shall not be overdone; Fourth.

7. "How the Restoration Fulfilled Prophafter the first three steps have been taken,

Q. MORRIS, TO RIGHT: LEFT GEORGE ELDER a Priest. (8 Min.) ecy,"by then the active missionary among work

Y. M. M. SUPERINTENDENT I. A.; inactive begin, should boys and young men or Instrumental GENERAL or Solo, 8. Chorus, Duet PRESIDING BISHOP RICHARDS: LeGRAND

Selection by member or members of the ELDER GEORGE D. PYPER, GENERAL SUPERbased upon an actual survey and a check of

Aaronic Priesthood. INTENDENT DESERET SUNDAY SCHOOL UNION. the ward records to make sure that the name

of every person of age Aaronic Priesthood 9. the Priesthood Aaronic Adult "What

is listed for the cards of provided one on adult Presiding Bishopric, to Plan me,"has meant an by General that the Precharge, purpose, without by (8 member. Min.) Superintendences of Sunday

is If office. not Bishop's siding ward any

JO. for Priesthood Schools, SoPlans I. A. Aaronic "Our and Y. M. M. should cards, these supplied request a with

this cial Activities Fraternal Year,"and Join in Letter for the proper immediately numbe made

Priestof Aaronic Chairman by Ward they should followed through be and 9, 1940. ber, February Min.) (5 Committee. hood for the phase basis used as missionary a and

3 1. "Progress of the Aaronic Priesthood Dear Brethren: of the Aaronic Priesthood Extension Proin the bishop, by our Ward,"who is The beginning of the year 1940 finds gram. in Priesthood president of the Aaronic

the Ward. (5 Min.) more boys and young men active in the Brethren, the responsibility for the boys

the Aaronic Priesthood of program Church is the of yours and and young Church men 12. the to "Praise song, Closing Man Who Still, at than in time the past. there any ours. all called proper been have by with Jehovah. We Communed are of our are yet not boys many who authority supervise, prepare, to plan, and

J 3. or Deacon. Benediction, a Teacher by in active the of program Church. any direct to the are designed programs which

inactive These need and men young establish in of heart and the every boy attention. our to appeal person every Suggestions Weboys a of Priesthood young Aaronic age man

in the stakes of the and wards Church who this testimony Lattergreat truth the of of sit should of All presidents on quorums responsibility has the for any whatever to work, of a provide and day and means if also, ifthe possible. Counselors stand success the of of the program Aaronic the securing encouragement developfor is available.space Priesthood quorums, School Sunday for these of ment and advancement each

I. classes, all or the details A. containing groups, of of program Assignments M. respective groups.

should be made early, and careful preparamembers of Aaronic Priesthood age, to tion should be urged. Member of bishopjoin in a Churchwide effort to attract and We appeal to stake presidencies and stake

rics and advisers should assist members hold in the Aaronic Priesthood program Aaronic Priesthood extension plan comwhere desired. every possible member. We cannot afford mittees, to bishoprics of wards, quorum ad11 members of the Aaronic Priesthood to lose one of them. visers, Sunday School teachers, and M. LA.

leaders effort to join to be in a Churchwide sit togethershould as quorum groups as for Responsibility all the boys and young diligently prosecuted to reach during 1940,near the as possible. stand rests already those of the wards men with

of the possible highest hold and number to give to are assigned in leadership the encouraged should who groups be Members in of the order Priesthood, members Aaronic appeartheir personalparticular to attention mentioned above. Priesthood Aaronic The

is that far they as as be prepared may isance. Extension affords Plan a means opwhich

the in for possible leadership and service for those this portunity already have who ushers, as doorkeepers assigned Members Church. responsibility in Priesthood quorums, Sundefinite ingivenor should be messengers

structions and assignments. day School classes, and M. I. A. groups to Yours sincerely,

fulfilling in their cooperate assignment and Priest should be outstanding An their responsibility. selected discharging the With BISHOPRIC PRESIDING THE the directionto the meeting under conduct present in for the leadership demandsof the bishop. Richards LeGrand the evidences and unmistakable Church

A special campaign should be conducted that these demands are to increase, it is Joseph L. Wirthlin

Priestof the Aaronicto induce all members to important the welfare of the Church and Marvin O. Ashton

to attend meetings andhood quorum this its future growth and progress that every

Anniversary Sacrament Service. possible boy and young man be given the THE GENERAL SUPERINTENDENCE'

It training, that of experience, Aarongroups is very desirable and development which OF SUNDAY SCHOOLS:ic in trained singPriesthood participation be in the splendid come from members

ing suitable choruses for this occasion. It programs which have been provided for the George D. Pyper

is preferable to have each chorus of boys youth of Zion. One prominent leader has Milton Bennion

of approximately the same age. said: "We must save our boys, because George R. Hill

The General Superintendency of Sunday if we save the boys, we save the Church."

as to Conversely, the boys, hold and we fail the hasSchool recommendation approved SUPERINTENDENCY GENERAL THE to as inactive, remain them we permit we talks the inthat twoand-a-halfminute M. M. I. A.: OF Y. the retard of the progress growth and 19th School be givenSunday may on May

by members of the Aaronic Priesthood with Church. George Q. Morris

topics suitable to the day. To accomplish the objective which has Joseph J. Cannon

The Presiding Bishopric. been set up, four steps are of vital imporBurton K. Farnsworth

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

Award, are projects undertaken as a quorum and which are not included in the regular duties or assignments of

FAMILY PRAYER members.To illustrate: When deacons gather

"All things whatsoever ye shall ask in prayer believing, ye shall receive."Fast Offerings and Welfare Plan con-

—Matt. 21:22. tributions they are simply performing

a regular duty as quorum members "pROM the dawn of history, prayer has been one of man's greatest sources This would not be considered a project of comfort, solace, faith, and power. Neither would ward teaching, performIn our Church both individual and family prayer have been taught from ing baptisms, administering the sacrathe beginning. There has been no change in that teaching. Latterday ment, ushering, or similar duties which

Saints are urged to engage in both secret and family prayer. are really assignments of duty, be conIn the revelations ( see Doctrine and Covenants, Section 66, revelation sidered as projects.

on prayer, and Section 68, verses 28 and 33 ) it is made clear that members of Participating in Welfare Plan projthe Church are to pray and to teach their children to pray. These instrucects of any nature, cleanup campaigns

tions are given: around stake or ward buildings, safety

Pray unto the Lord, call upon His holy name.... And they shall teach their campaigns, making safety surveys of

children to pray and to walk uprightly before the Lord.... And a commandment Church buildings, assisting the poor

I give unto them, that he that observeth not his prayers before the Lord in the season or aged, assisting the Relief Society, therefore, let him be had in remembrance before the judge of my people. directing traffic for stake or ward

In days like these, described a hundred years ago in prophecy as "the gatherings, and similar activities outdays to come,"that family which engages in regular family prayer is side of regular quorum assignments unified, strengthened, and fortified against temptation and trouble. Today are projects under the Standard Quoin thousands of Latterday Saint homes this important duty is discharged rum Award plan.

religiously and the blessings of the Lord are received. In other homes it has At least fifty per cent of the quorum

ceased. This is regrettable. members must participate in two or

to qualify the quoprojects such more that question. Lord's Prayer answers should pray for? The we What requirement. this rum for said: model. "After Savior this manner It is a shall ye pray."Some The

may say, "Why should we pray audibly when the Lord can understand our very thoughts?"If we were speaking directly to Him would we not AARONIC PRIESTHOOD

speak audibly? HANDBOOK

Brigham Young said: HPhis publication includes complete

In our family circles let every heart be united with the one who takes the information on quorum work, the lead by being mouth before the Lord, and let every person mentally repeat the Extension Plan, and Adult Aaronic is the all unite prayers asked for, will not in whatever withhold, but and and Lord a it contains addition, In Priesthood.

for need. the things and rightly will give persons ask they to such which on information of valuable wealth

The principal objective of Ward Teaching suggested for April, 1940, Aaronic Priesthood history, developis to bring about a revival of the practice of family prayer in the homes of ment, and procedure. An effort has

the Saints. been made to answer all questions on

Aaronic Priesthood activities in every field. The price is ten cents a copy

postpaid. A copy should be in the

MT. OGDEN STAKE WARD to serve as Ward Teachers to the most hands of every person in stakes and

TEACHING BULLETIN, humble man or boy who is called to that wards connected in any way with work. 11, 1937APRIL leadership. OrPriesthood Aaronic

of the in Exercise caPriesthood any Presiding to sent the ders should be brings pacity happiness, because joy and is instituTeaching a permanent 1. Ward cash Office Bishop's accompanywith it in exercised only doing can be good, in tion the the stakes Church, and which ing orders. the is to the others doing source and good cannot or alter. wards suspend

in the of the greatest joy is a duty Teaching imposed by2. Ward

< m of hold life. QUORUM AND CLASS as a requirement Church all who

the Priesthood. MANUALS

3. It is an honor to discharge the responsiAaronic Priesthood

bility of a Ward Teacher. IIanuals for Priests, Teachers, and

4. Blessings flow from the fulfillment of this WHAT ARE QUORUM Deacons'quorums for 1940 and

responsibility in proportion to the earnPROJECTS? also for Adult Aaronic Priesthood

estness and sincerity of our efforts, and groups are available from the Presiding these blessings come to the Ward Teach- ["isting the Standard Quorum Awards Bishop's Office. The price o} each

ers, on the one hand, and to the members as one of the topics in stake quarmanual is ten cents postpaid. It is invisited, other, the are and on who we terly to conferences largely devoted in that tended member, each quorum

ourselves not deprive should those or inPriesthood, Aaronic has aroused addition Advisers, and to Bishoprics, blessings. of teach these should whom we in terest resulting plan, the in numerthe should Committees, have Stake

5. of the Priesthood, Every whatmember inquiries feaconcerning ous various all is for text manual which book the ever office position or be he may tures. frequently quesmost asked The secretary lessons. manual quorum theA to call holds, subject the bishop by

is, is tion project?"is a quorum for "What to take suggested each quorum Teaching, those to do and who Wardis

hold office should respond cheerfully so Quorum projects, as defined for the orders, collect the money, and report as to set a good example of willingness purpose of the Standard Quorum to the quorum adviser.

OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS OF THE GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY OF UTAH

SMITH, FIELDINGJOSEPH J. KIRBY,

President and Treasurer. JOHN A. WIDTSOE, HAROLDAssistant Secretary.

A. WILLIAM LUND, L. MYERS, GARRETT CHRISTENSON,JOSEPH M. JAMES KIRKHAM, Assistant Treasurer and President. Vice

Superintendent o/ Research Bureau E. PETERSEN, MARK

F. BENNETT,ARCHIBALD HILL, ELLEN Directors.

Secretary and Librarian. Assistant Librarian.

FREELY YE HAVE RECEIVED "early ninety years ago the Gospel information regarding genealogical purposes of said Society as his judg- 7 was carried to a family in England. matters; religious in acquiring records ment and discretion may designate."

The parents and their three children of deceased persons in connection with In such an event the president of the accepted it gladly. It brought to them ordinances of the religion of our Lord Society, in consultation with the Board

a message of opportunity, progress, and and Savior Jesus Christ, said associaof Directors, may specify that this sum happiness. After a time they emition to be conducted in harmony with be applied, for instance, to the Micrograted to America, and crossed the the rules and order of said Church."film Fund for the copying of valuable

plains to Utah amid hardship and sacriBeing a corporation, it is perfectly vital or church records. Imagine the

fice. legitimate and proper for funds to be large number of pages of precious recIn Utah the family made its home. placed in the keeping of this institution ords that can be obtained with this

The parents lived out their days of by bequests or outright donations. Freamount.

faithfulness. The children married and quently amounts are left by will to be Another good sister, who has made

reared families. Today the posterity used in trust by the Society for revaliant effort in having temple work

of this worthy pioneer couple are nusearch and temple work in behalf of the done, recently decided to give $100.00

merous, wellknown, and highly redonor's ancestors. It is equally fitting to the Book and Microfilm Fund. She

spected. Grandchildren and greatfor amounts to be left for the specific selected the names of ten worthy friends

grandchildren are prominent in the repurpose of furthering the general cause and had the Society, in return for theligious and civic life of the community,—a most worthy one. amount she paid, issue a life memberand in the number are found presidents, Two years ago one good sister left ship certificate to each of the ten.

to the officials Society of in termsbishops, $500.00. trusted numerand The in the are There such Church many the give, as follows: "I bequest were for capacity. are the mostous They noblespirited true persons have who devise, Presito the then bequeathpart business leaders and of judgment sound appreciation for gratitude blessthe and the dent of Genealogical Society standing. financial origoneand That of ings the to brought has Gospel them and the ofinal of Christ multiUtah Jesus family Church has group a become their In parents grandparents. and of the Saints, Latterday of strugglingtude. poor, immigrants, $500.00 sum The their they to look can memories back (five be, dollars) to him, hundred the of thethrough goodness Lord, have by their condition the forefathers in of the

in for trust general the this held used and exceedingly prosperedbeen on first the old world Gospel came when of land promise.chosen to these them. that recognize They

fitting years a few it seemed How forefathers for blessings earned great DIMENSIONS OF A TEMPLE this faithof descendantago one when their posterity. alert to the are They

ful Lovell the to the office of couple By Edith came fact that the blessed has Lord and them tenof SocietyGenealogical Utah and it It will like? will look be hat their spiritually descendants, both and

his for "I $500.00. cannotdered check fine as big are as as we. and Only their temporally. In hearts they have Wfind said, records,""on he any own my in a to yearning something a tangible do

it it this letancestry, let to take so straight I wish high you be and be O their to gratiexpress boundless his a lad sky, way the in it Like sturdy with head others help use secure toamount and tude. able give to not be They may

their records."or $500.00 $100.00, could though many it let big to hold be enough attitude the And generous a touched Such give more. can be amount Whatever spirit's gold; heaping of the hoard A officials athearts of Society. the They is equally given acceptable, will be and

utilize to part thedetermined of money the as tears of utilized love measure Deep cause. and in the same good

trace, thisto if possible, the ancestry of heired soul long, the long from has Each that It should be today rememberedpublicspirited donor. Lord The years;

will in $10.00 accomplish more much efforts theblessed con- a made, and

purchase the of records under new as the reach of a friendly of hand the the Broad obtainedsiderable record was them, of obtaining method than it ever land to land; from Of brotherhood familiesprogenitors of this and the good

brother. The remainder of his concould previously. Each contribution,

large helpful. learned, of lessons will or small, as the sweep Wide betribution advantage used to good was sought earned. Of knowledge and wisdom In early forefathers our days were large of otherto help a famnumber

building in chapels, occupied and homes let let clean it be white it be and colonizing places, the subduing waste in a fresh long, her maidiliesWeobtainmentionsimilarthisresults.instance to remind OLike gown for

our readers that the Genealogical Sonight, the wilderness, and erecting temples.

ciety of Utah is a publicservice instiIt is now our high obligation as their tution, whose purposes are "benevolent, And let it have the symmetry descendants, reaping advantages from first, first things to be. as they ought Of toil their to hardships, build and aeducational, and

structure the worthy, noble founuponprofit thereligious—pecuniaryobject: not being benevolent

it let true, gracious and it be be O let laid dation so well. theyin collecting, establishing, compiling, it let too. beauty grandeur have and And

and maintaining a genealogical library Truly we may apply to ourselves the for the use and benefit of its members What will it look like? It will be impressive teaching, "Freely ye have

and others; educational in disseminating Only as big and as fine as are we! received, freely give."

% Em w? iMMCW

Y. CANNON,TRACY

Chairman GENERAL CHURCH MUSIC COMMITTEE MARVINFRANK W.O. ASPERASHTON

J. SPENCER CORNWALL

D. PYPER. Offices General Church General M.GEORGE ALFRED DURHAM

First Chairman and Treasurer Vice HINCHCLIFF LESTER Committee Music JONG, GERRIT DE

ROBERTSON,LeROY JR.

SecondI. Vice Chairman 50 NORTH MAIN STREET. ALEXANDERD. STERLING SCHREINERWHEELWRIGHT

N. LORENZO MITCHELL, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH FREDAFRANCESJENSENGRANT BENNETT

Secretary

taught to get been has not which KNOWING THE MUSIC a Melchizedek Priesthood often blending. balance proper and Too

Asper Dr. Frank By W. quartet hear privileged a are to we Dr. Contributions Oakes by in the best our voices picked from thor- a should have conductor"PvERY 165) page (Concluded from disfind stake or very them and ward*""* number every of knowledge ough quartet of hear appointing. Instead a 2. we COFFEE TOBACCO AND choir. it the with rehearsesbefore he singing together. voices solo individual IN FROSTBITE the this, impart to many thanMore suit singing to voices or one Only two fingers, the of skin temperature '"THE choto of a numberinner a meanings to a produce are themselves enough * is that of toes, than ears lower and content, he itsrus, and grasp to mood blending. balance a worse and bad that It demonstrated the has been body. it is it that memorwell somust know in the are the which temperacaffeine There depress ways many tobacco and the of content spiritualized. the Then water, parts. peripheral ture the of obtained. Hot Let balance proper be may

itself him, and will to unfoldnumber the acid, acetylsalicylic alcohol, on and is listen as not only he the conductor its message impart to able willhe be temperaperipheral the raise other hand, the also choir directing the from but choir. his ture. (in habitual of coffeeto an cups Two that to see auditorium the rear of

the temperature will coffee drinker) lower places First, the where he must know its in is prominent entrance every for several fingers degrees of the two anticipate them,there might be trouble, choir the part of that place one and.. cofrelation and of tobacco hours.. The displays uncertainty theand moment sings other the shout while not does investigafurther frostbite fee deserves to

itself remedy it according to a presoftly. One of the most important tion."{Journal of American Medical Asarranged plan. In this way he can save things in working for a blending of the sociation, February 16, 1935, page 530.

much valuable time. It is astounding voices is to see that they all pronounce "Frostbite Among Employees of the Cit,ity

how much easier and sooner a piece their vowels uniformly and that the of New York During Winter of 193334 can be learned when this has been tone is properly produced. Here the

done. When such rapid progress is conductor is handicapped in getting

made, choir members are the first to balance and blend, for it is a thing that Quorum Projects notice it and become more enthusiascannot be learned by mere vocal les- (Concluded from page 165) tic in their support of the director. sons. It must be studied and can evolve trail.... Recently monuments and a park

The leader should also study the only through the leader's musicianship were dedicated here by the Church... He

composition from the standpoint of and judgment. His observation must is doing splendid work, especially among

construction. Certain parts of any numbe keen, always keeping in mind that young people....

ber are more important and carry a the acoustics of the hall and many othThe report lists in the above manner more definite and vigorous message er factors may affect the balance and the outstanding activities of each of the than others. The conductor should be blend. fourteen foreign missionaries of the

able to discern and bring out these quorum and then continues:

parts. or part to be made melody The in DR. FRANK W. ASPER Seventy's Day is necessarilyprominent not always

during times four occurred Seventy's Day TOUR CONCERT ONthe comsoprano, but in a wellwritten the these of days, the 1938. of year Each toposition often passes from voice a sixweeks'conin January, called to the to minister "Degun wards were Seventy

director his musivoice. through *** The stake. the entire of branches and Asper, cert tour took Dr. Frank W.

this. to discerncianship should be able distant Visits to the and branches wards the into organist, Tabernacle Salt Lake

of a instances few melodies be only meant haveThese may in many recitals for of a series twenty southwest that miles. than hundred a morenotes, they prominent can but We travelfeel made incities. itinerary in The as many refaithful and the Seventies been have the of character thechange whole Ariat Phoenix, engagements cluded filling their in assignments. sponsive its lovepiece, enhancing beauty and OklaMexico; zona; Carlsbad, New

liness. homa City, Oklahoma; and cities in The Stake Mission

Again, a foremost problem of the Texas, among them, San Antonio, San The quorum has furnished the president it since organized. the of mission stake was is are balance. to obtainconductor Falls, and Paso, El Angelo, Wichita We this unsparingly. himself he gave work Toall blatant familiar type the with too Amarillo. held evening mission stake Sunday The considerchoir. ancientof Greeks The friends Saints and with the services and HollyBeatrice Assisted Mayo, by the sing or play could theed one who at investigators the past during meetings in contralto, Asper appeared Dr. wood musician. often the bestloudest They year. colleges uniat several concerts and

It in the participated contests history has, fluteplaying mission, as a andhad at versities: the University Baylor given services the of has radio and quorumtells contestant so of blew us one who of largest the of (one Texas Waco, air the during three splendid programs on vessel, causing blood aloudly he broke

); Agrithe schools Texas North Texas the season. current tell too, tohis us Psalms, death. The College; Amarillo College; cultural and

noise,"skilfully Radio Program"sing with loud a The and also College, where he Angelo San if the sing singers choir to as often radio our program fromand November The First at Baptist the played Church.

traditional of each has become March the will ofthey volume judged be by appreciative publicity Favorable and special the radio with quorum. commityearA else. nothingtone they can and produce

all pergreeted Dr. audiences Asper's in tee the functioned has planning work

Sometimes we find a choral organformances. The tour was managed by and much commendable service has been

ization of many good individual voices Robert Hollinshead of Hollywood. rendered in the area served by KGHL.

LETTER OF THANKS The Salt Lake City Council of Women's Committee on Finnish Relief, of which Mrs. J. L. Jones is

chairman, wishes to thank the women of Salt Lake City and the state of

Utah for the generous response they made to the call for help in this worth while cause in behalf of a people who have proved themselves worthy of the deepest regard by the citizens of the United States.

In responding to the call for funds to supply food, shelter, and clothing for a group of unfortunates who have been forced, through war, to leave their homes and take up residence at a distance from the front lines, we feel that the women of

Salt Lake City and Utah have not only rendered a humanitarian service, but have shown great sympathy as well.

"Cast your bread upon the waters and in many days it will return,"may be said of the Finnish people who showed the true Christian spirit of honesty in their attempt to pay their war debt to the

United States.

in Maricopa and PhoeWe wish it were possible to thank Conventionnix Top:Stakes.M Men and Gleaner Girl

each woman individually and say by of GleanOfficers the Second: acts her she to stem may be helping

in er Girl Maricopa Committee tide the uphold and of communism Stakes. Phoenix and

in assisting democracy a Christian their people to maintain land free SpringsThird:chapterNewlyof theorganizedMutual PalmImand Christianized. Californiaprovement Mission.Association of the

Other members of the Women's Bottom: Explorer and Junior

Committee who have worked diliDance, Palmyra Stake, Utah.

gently are Mrs. John T. Wahlquist,

Mrs. Winifred P. Ralls, Miss Elise

Madsen, Mrs. W. E. Best, Mrs.

Junius Hayes, and the members of the board of the Salt Lake City

Council of Women, also the officers of the A., the P. T. National Womyears when ago four released an's Relief Society, the Y. W. the of Bonne- M. member,called to the presidency

I. the A., Primary Association, and experiville Stake. wide has had He the District of Federation Women's

affairs the and in dealing with ence Clubs.

is noted and men, of young problems

L. Daines, Hales. chairman; B. Lyman Wayne Sincerely, in during track for his brilliant career Franklin S. Harris, Warner. Werner Homer C.

Mrs. college days. L. A. Stevenson, high school and He has Kiepe,Wesley GeorgeP. Lloyd,H. JohnHansen,D. Giles.Alma H. Pettigrew, positions. President Salt Lake City served Church in many

Council of Women. Dr. Stewart is senior ecologist with Olay in the socalled "biggest basketthe Intermountain Forest and Range ball league in the world"is bringing

Experiment Station at Ogden, Utah, out some of the finest talent that has

Y. M. M. I. A. BOARD and a member of the Ogden Area exyet participated in M Men basketball.APPOINTS NEW MEMBERS ecutive board of the B. S. A. He was M Men from Canada to Mexico and

recently appointed associate editor of from Utah to California are competing "VTewest members to be named to the the Journal of Forestry, and has asto see who will be the favored sixteen - General Board of the Y. M. M. sisted in the preparation of such teams who will come to Salt Lake City

I. A. are Dr. W. Creed Haymond and Church publications as Priesthood and for the final AllChurch Tournament

Dr. George Stewart. Church Welfare and the Log of the to be held on March 20, 21, 22, and 23.

Dr. Haymond is a former board Explorer Trail. Reports from the field indicate more

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1940

interest than ever before. More real Ward, Moroni Stake; Fountain Green happy to state that we have never had

enthusiasm has been manifested, and Ward, Moroni Stake. more enthusiasm in the M Men and

what is more important the standards of When a group of Gleaner leaders Gleaner department. Your reports

the players have been raised. Credit and officers were asked, "How can the show a decided increase in enrollment

for this must be given to the splendid Gleaners help most in the joint proand attendance. How do you feel

leadership which is being given and to gram?"the following answers were about it?

the fine attitude which the boys have given taken toward the new rules on stand- 1. Know the program.

ards. 2. Be "willing to take care of detail.

Portland and Seattle will be repre- 4.3. KeepBe appreciativecheerful andof theoptimistic.men's efforts.

this playoffs division the again in sented Nichols. Christensen, Chairman; H. Mark 5. Be understanding—carry Eyre, Winters, Aldon Floyed G. J. G. plan subdivision a year under new 6. Consult with M Men beforeon. making ElwoodAnderson,M. Elmer D. Giles. John

Reports arranged. been has plans arrangements. which and

the s dominate that is constake not indicate ar as the southwest from Old our own 7. Do

friendly. and Be cooperative situation. 4 * ""A in di- 8. the last be represented Mexico cerned, history may made was

the 9. gets care or blame not Should who in vision play Arizona. of eight out our night had when we

is well the credit done. so work in the total represented nine wards already being are Plans made to make 10. bossy. Be persuasive—notjust of South Tournament Stake Vanball finest this biggest the tournament and

list to the leaders add Gleaner may in is the which Stake,"Angeles Los way in yet. the dates Keep mind—March to let us remember answers, but bethe reports S. Supt. Charles in Salt City. of 23, 20, 21, 22, Lake Wood and thing. a our happy work make that activities for of Vanball ginning

"I like so job pay well I would my so group. "Never was He continues,

it,"at the said Carmichael Dr. to do shown, and enthusiasm much interest

Recreation Congress, Boston, Massaeven at a basketball game. The Junior

chusetts. Let us feel that way about Girls were out cheering their teams and

our work too. having the time of their lives."In

C. chairman; Brockbank, Katie Hazel Jensen, Gleaning, Vella Happy says, report, closing the Supt. Wood Stewart, Jensen, Helena Freda Nixon Grace General Gleaner Your Larson, Florence Pinnock, Marie Waldram. Wetzel,W. it has taken that even though "We feel

Committee. us so long to finally get this far in our

Tt is with appreciation for good leadExplorer program, it certainly has been ership in our Gleaner department worth all the effort and time it has that we report unusual enthusiasm taken and we feel that we were proamong our Gleaner Girls. The younger fusely compensated as we saw all those

Gleaners are feeling the responsibility fine young fellows out there on the of enrolling girls of their own age Banquets floor.

proj'ect thethrough and comradery the of Baker A. President George delighted are with the We of ready some the wards are now superstake formerly presidency, stake in to reports that about are coming excellentM sheaf. abind ward I. the A., intendent makes of Y. M. M. all Surely banquets. Gleaner and Men

Treasures of Truth books are beof the stakes will take advantage of following comments in connection with coming quite popular again. It is interthis great opportunity for youth to the same event: "We are happy to

esting to note that this project goes meet in a highly cultural affair. If report that this year out of the nine

over where the leader has first made your banquets have not already been wards we had eight Vanball teams enher own book and is very enthusiastic held would you check on the plans so tered in the regular league. I never saw

about it. In one ward, the Gleaner ofthat all rules of courtesy to guest speak- a more enthusiastic group and know

ficers planned a Treasures of Truth ers, tips to toastmaster, refined flavor of that this activity will do much for Exparty. Girls in quaint, oldfashioned toasts and a general atmosphere of culplorer work, just as basketball has and costumes, oldtime melodies, a grate ture and refinement will be outstandis now doing for the M Men cause.

at an is going to be host Our stake a cake, fire, a beverage and fruit made ing? It is that all and hoped Men M in later tournament interstake Vanballlovely atmosphere. leader had The at will the banquet. Gleaners be present

gathered baby pictures of the girls and A fine report of a successful banquet the year. So gradually our previous

presented each girl with her own picat Twin Falls, Idaho, was sent to the problems with this group are being ture and the poem, "Kith and Kin."committee. solved."

As you already know, upon appliThis stake has been a pioneer in Excation at our office, the General Board Special Interest Groups plorer work in the Southern California will furnish a Gleaner Sheaf Scroll to area. In cooperation with President

for the to promise 1940 seems and Superintendent Baker, much Wood, perany hundred has one ward who

Interest Special Hulshoff, formerly Groups. of others, In most Group Geert girlscent of the unmarried between

seventeen and thirty years enrolled in the stakes there are one or more sucChairman, and now serving in that cessful groups. in the position Manchester newly organized The same Ward I. the suggest A. wouldM. Ward We in is entitled to the has Stake Angeles comStake, South Los Pasadena as posas heldSheaf soon program be

his three as well congratulations groups upon as the younger and M mendation firstsible. in to the Church ward The

the results. group. Gleaner splendid and Under Men this sheaf yearbind a Provo ward was

Sister capable of leadership Eccles andSixth Congratulations! Ward.

interest special the Brother Jones, THEMEPROJECT to February Up in are 5th, the following groups Stake Angeles South Los it wouldwards have bound a Ward Sheaf and leading the Church. Current events, A T this stage of our program

received their scroll: Provo Sixth spelling bees, study of standard Church * be well to check up with all ExStake; Pioneer ProvoWard, each to determine boy has what vie for first place among plorers Ward, works—all Stake; hazards. safetyUtah eliminating Ward, Hyrum Mendon done in these groups.

Stake; Paradise Ward, Hyrum Stake; The troop should sponsor such a projis ourAvon Ward, Hyrum Stake; Hyrum Other Activities ect on a troop basis, since this

First Ward, Hyrum Stake; Hyrum method of expressing our "Love of

Second Ward, Hyrum Stake; St. We appreciate reports on dances, fellow men"this year. The Service

Charles Ward, Bear Lake Stake; Em- M Men and Gleaner district convenCommittee of the troop should assume

ery Ward, Emery Stake; Center Ward, tions, or of any activities that will be the responsibility of selecting and sponSouth Sanpete Stake; East Moroni of general interest to the field. We feel (Continued on page 174)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1940

Mutual Messages AttainmentJune, 1940. RecognitionIt involves Certificatefive requireby parefectlyherselffree tosotalkthatto shethe willgirls feelstraightper-

(Continued from page 173) ments listed in detail on page 30, Log forwardly and friendly. In this lesson,

soring the specific project for the troop No. 9. Requirements No. 1 and No. 5 there will be a good opportunity to

to perform. ( See pages 71 and 72, Log are apparently not difficult to reach in point out ways in which girls can help

number of registered Explorers as well In "My Little World"which is the

VANBALL as first and second Honor Explorers lesson for March 12, the teacher can *T*he ninth Annual Intermountain Vanrequires time and motivation. To qualpoint out ways in which the girls can

ball Tournament was scheduled ify for the Recognition Certificate by help make their own world, small as

February 23 and 24 in Salt Lake City. June most stakes must immediately comthey may think it is, more inviting and

This tournament involved one hundred mence an intense program in promot- a better place in which to live. In this

sixty players from Utah, Idaho, Wyoing registration and Explorer advancelesson emphasize particularly the opming and California. Increased interment. portunities for good citizenship among

est the is being game shown for year. attention each GREAT EXPLORERS theseSundaygirlsSchool,in their inMutualtheir class,schoolin theirrelathat the It is suggested

of the troop be called to the results of OF MORMONISM tionships. Help them eliminate as much

the tournament. Pictures and news /""reat Explorers of Mormonism are as possible the cliques which naturally

articles pertaining to the final games yj listed on pages 100104, Log No. 9. arise at this age, and encourage them

could be displayed and discussed in Proper use of the reference material to feel responsible for helping all girls the troop as a means of arousing the suggested would greatly increase troop develop socially.

interest of the troop in the sport. morale and interest. The following Three Sisters by Cornelia Spencer

EXPLORER ARROWHEAD methodsinformationare referredsuggestedto.for use of the iscouldone ofpossiblythe mosthavedelightfulbeen chosenbooks thatforAWARD 1. Assign five Explorers to make a report Junior Girls to read. On March 26,

(\n page 29, Log No. 9, reference is in a troop meeting on one of the great Exthe leaders should check to find how

made to a felt arrowhead which plorers listed. many of the girls have read the book

2. of Pioneer the acquaintances of some to available Explorers bewould who fix in girls'to also the minds

if listed, invited to—and available, could be men It forqualify the deaward. has been of the valuable some lessons can which talk troop. the to certificatecided that a be more would in life. be applied everyone's 3. quiz beconducted be game may A feltpractical desirable the than and the of the troop tween members accomon

arrowhead. Therefore, upon compleplishments of the great Explorers.

tion of the requirements all Explorers will receive the arrowhead certificate, IDAHO FALLS LEADS OUT properly endorsed by the General Su1V7[onday, January 22, seven hundred perintendency. chairman; arrowhead Ileen Ann Ethel Waspe. The metal S. Anderson, fathers seated in sons were and Margaret Bertha Wells, K. N. Tingey. Lucy T.is available for those who desire at it for the large, Andersen, well Larsen, decorated C. Minnie Armory Anderson. Ann E.

25c. Idaho Falls. They held a most unLuacine Clark Fox.

Explorers should be advised that usual banquet and program. The coonly those who are properly registered operation of the girls and mothers in THE MAY DAY BREAKFAST

the Scoutswith of and America Boy serving preparing indication an and was the of month approaches, As we May attained of the rank Explorerhave service. loving of Brother from Wolf look to forward annual our Beefor eligibleFirst qualify are to Honors his nine of with present Acor was its Hive with culweek events happythe award. sons. eleven Executive Scout VerTo minating with will Day. Swarm We refers to Requirement 5 which No. credit for Strong should non go much to celebrate want this than more ever Cooperation PlanChurch Welfare event. is promoting an such it is year because Silver our Jubileenot generally conunderstood. The

tribution of the Explorer toward the year.

Church Welfare Plan consists in selectIt is suggested that we begin this ing and preparing for a life's vocation. week's activities with a May Day

In order for an Explorer to meet this Breakfast. Let us begin to plan early,

requirement he must do something The joint ExplorerJunior lesson on divide the responsibilities, and each do which very definitely assists him in the theme for March 19, should be her part. Let's first decide whether we

selecting or prepares him for his life's wisely planned immediately in order shall have an outof-doors or an inwork. It is suggested that the acquirto stimulate group participation. Undoor breakfast, and whether we shall

ing of an Explorer title in a vocational less this lesson is planned carefully add a few quarters to the treasury.

following suggestions may be helpthat care The is taken second every enoughfield automatically meets the Arrowful to you: will of, the boys and girls slip away 5. Preparation, No.head Requirement

disturbcreate teacher a from the and fieldtraining, in the experience of and Breakfast. I. Outof-Door quell. will to that impossible ance bevocational least equivaat exploration a. May make girl may baskets—each if will, directed, wisely however, Theylent in obtaining to that required an a it attracbasket decorating May to only contributions not make many TitleExplorer is necessary. tively it large and making enough

themselves but also to the adults who hold the items for a good breakfast.to

Ten Explorers from Troop No. 652, may be in attendance. An inexpensive prize might be ofSyracuse Ward, Ogden Gateway fered for the most original basket.Council, qualified for the Arrowhead b. Hike—a queen or captain may be

to to chosen the hikers lead place a is 1940. 28, This on JanuaryAward

If for the breakfast. chosen the des- (UfUOU largestthe troop from one number any is tination of the to most unknown

date. toto qualify Elmer Wilcox Emily H. Bennett, is Marba C. Josephson, chairman; will interest. group it have added

the Explorer Leader. Beth Paxman, Lueen J. King. The captain may be given a sheet

directions of or to follow. a map lesson the 5, "Rofor March Tnto

spring should songs BeeHive and RECOGNITION AATTAINMENT has Flight,"the the leader on mance the along observations be sung way;PLAN atinject to opportunity wholesome an the discussions of and newly awak-

"C very effort should be made to enable titudes towards friendships between ening objects in nature will add in- ** all stakes to qualify for the Explorer boys and girls. The leader must preterest.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1940 c. Menu—a breakfast which calls for ing. In one stake tiny spades were UNUSUAL PROJECT IN

a little outdoor cooking seems to be attached to cards which read, SAN LUIS STAKE the one most enjoyed. Cooking with- "Let us dig for a joyous Silver

"piGHTYFiVE boys and utensils fun; Jubilee.""Angels out is always girls—Boy "L/ (cheese horseback"on wrapped the Scouts BeeHive and furnish breakfast should Girls—of in c. Menu—A stick) or a and toasted on bacon time, of the recently to onethird onefourth day's donated Luis Stake San

orange pufflets (eggs cooked in orfood. It has been said in planning money, and materials in refurnishing

ange shells in hot coals) are good. any menu aim to achieve most of the nursery at the Arizona Temple with

simple, foods points: these Have d. If not wish to have do you chairs, toys. desks, May books, and The

attractive, nutritious, wellbalanced, hike baskets, a hobo Day May direcproject the under completed was variety, inexpensive. and Have girl enjoyed. would be might Each tion of Sister of Edith Hunnicutt La interesting appealing and something in a breakfast her wrapped carry Articles of Faith cards Colorado. Jara, appetite. food to the be must The the handkerchief bright large on

end of a stick, or by following dicooked well and served attractively. bearing a picture of the Arizona Temrections she might collect it in vaSimple menu suggestions: ple in color were sent to the participants

in appreciation of their services. hikes For along. places rious as she

see 357 suggestions, page other of 1. Fruit(cold); juicewafflesor andtomatocorn syrupjuice

the BeeKeepers'Handbook. or honey (hot); milk (hot or

II. Indoor Breakfast. cold). Melchizedek Priesthood

2. in juice season or fruit Orange just the held for event be a. This may

canned; milk or with and (Supplementary Readings) oatmeal fagirls or mothers and BeeHive

thers and children may be invited shredded dates; scrambled eggs (Continued from page 166)

toast and butter; orand bacon; the Beebreakfast with to enjoy ceive inspiration in regard to the duties milk. marmalade; tickange event, Girls. In the latter Hive

us, that devolve upon which may we in sold advance; ets should be (cold); the 3. puffed Sliced oranges

is called not go astray. Every man who extend breakfast for the should time (cold cream milk or and wheat

is in to preside invitabishop as a a ward three hours and or over two; curwith eggs hot) or scrambled

tions staggered so that guests may rant jelly; toasted muffins and entitled to the Holy Spirit to guide

be taken care of promptly upon arbutter (hot); cocoa (hot). him in his labors; so is every man who

rival. 4. Tomato juice; cream of wheat and presides over a family, or in a quorum,

lead to in a position is placed or who poached eggs on toast; jelly; following suggestions milk; b. Theme—the

is the milk. instruct the people. That and can be used:

that given us such has the Lord fruit); creamreason juice (grape Fruit like to use the 5. would you 1. How for ministers; every a host of man who and chipped eggs hardcooked ed invitations idea? Maypole The

may be folders with Maypoles beef on toast or in ramekins with holds the Priesthood is a minister of tinted and decorated in spring ring of mashed potato crust; milk righteousness and is expected to adminfestoons. In the center of the or chocolate. ister in his calling in the midst of the

room a round counter could be people in the world, wherever he is built for a cafeteria, a large Maypole in the placed center of it HONOR BADGE REPORT FORM located,M. Lyman,at homeJournalor ofabroad.Discourses,(FrancisVol.

bright flower or with paper to streamers extending out the HPhe required form for making a record 25, pp. 65, 66.)

counter. Small tables about the of activities for the Silver Jubilee 5. There are men among us who

room for guests might have a honor award may be secured free at possess the gift of healing, and might small Maypole in the center with the Y. W. M. I. A. office, 33 Bishop's have great faith; but they do not exergarlands or streamers going to Building, Salt Lake City, Utah. Please cise the gift; they do not live for it,

each place. A spring flower may send for only enough to supply each and, therefore, do not have the power

be placed at the end of the of your girls with one copy. These are to use it so effectually as they might.

refor guest streamer each and in are this Church There place. who are men the out as events take to be filled

is set table the again as placed in their as hearts and feelings to as good should they be sent October Next seated to for the group next be enever lack were, faith and but for men five cents each our office with colors Silver be used there. may

it really obtain ergy, what and do not will sent honor be badge award. small places. in No MayThe many

poles might have silver streamwithout a complete "record form"signis their privilege to receive. If their

ers. Potted flowers and ferns will ed by ward and stake beekeepers. faith, their energy and determination

idea. BeeKeep- to the spring add

guests receive ers should and the Please note that while we require weredesires,equaltheirto honestytheir goodandfeelingsgoodness,and shall office items to sent not our be we assistants as act Girls BeeHive in mighty indeed they would be men all print or to of even space have them seat help guests direct to and the Israel; disease sickness and and and

caps girls reaprons and them. paper them, but acknowledge may Gay flee evil before of the would one power will colors make bright of rainbow if credit ceive submitthey been have

... wind. the chaff as before them girls gay. the look ted to the BeeHive General Commitus Elders are endowed There among

2. May is tulip time and a picturtee. You should state whether you are with spiritual gifts that may be brought

combe requirebreakfast the might as of a part esque sending them the of into aid exercise the through idea. In the Holland with bined just regular for the as or ment award gifts the of Ghost. Gospel Holy The will look tulips of center the a bed In items. the Deseret we news News diligence cultivated and must be by their lifting from real heads very called the are running a column "On ancient Prophets perseverance. The placed bed sand, sod and gravel, a Bee."Suzy may You Wing—With blessing, desiring peculiar flat dish. some in large when a

girls inthe write have to Bee Suzy revelation, or or important knowledge, 3. present Spring gardening might reports, their corporating poems, news fast vision, pray and sometimes would idea. cosanother garden Gay if etc., prefer. address: they Suzy The that for for purpic- for days waitresses even are and the weeks tumes

turesque. Flower pots may be Bee, 40 North Main Street, Salt Lake pose. (Lorenzo Snow, Journal of Disused for decorations and also for City, Utah. courses, Vol. 23, pp. 194-5.)

containserving. packages Seed will out program come Day Swarm 6. of family a member quorum The ing invitations, menus, and proin latoff press the the the April Era, if in possible, should, placed be a home could grams be made. Toy

If district ter part of stake or March. is for the family that and by owned flower containing small counters

pots, garden tools, sprinkling supervisors need it before this, a copy the payment of which, if necessary, all cans, etc., will add to table decof the program may be obtained at our are working. Great moral strength

orations and can be used for servoffice. (Concluded on page 176)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1940

Melchizedek Priesthood SIXTY YEARS IN THE WAIRAU DISTRICT {Concluded from page 175) By Elder DeMarV. Taylor

condistrict person been have but is should onecomes their Island, verted, often Zealand, discovered on South Elders Wairau, of Newthe Churchits ownto.,home,any familyhoweverthathumblegrows itupmayin Southernmost taught diligently that return visits valleys protected sunbathed where, in he had

be. Life in the home should be organfrom cold south winds by rugged mounother members of his family the message

ized as carefully as life in an institution. tains, fruits and vegetables are harvested of truth, and all had a desire to be baptized.

The members of the household should from December to April. Sixty years ago As children grew up and were married, the

have their regular duties. Father and Mormon Elders first traveled among the daughters converted their husbands, and

mother and the children from the oldest natives, who had settled the district only the sons, their wives.

to the youngest should bear some part forty years before. Early converts were For fifty years the Gospel spread thus.

pioneers of both the and land. Church to generation. Today generation from Thenof be reand the burden of the home the of colonizers descendants the European into the Saints organized were Wairau

their of sharequired to do regularly in the native population, exceed but those District, Brothers leadership. local under

the work of home maintenance. Home early days there were Maoris in the back Turi Ruruku, James Elkington, and John

life should be based upon the principle country who seldom saw a white man, and MacDonald constituted that first faithful of cooperation, all working together for could not speak his language. Visiting presidency. Auxiliary organizations were

the upbuilding and maintenance of the Elders greeted them in native tongue, and likewise set up, and the district was fully arms. with outstretched officered. were welcomed thehome. (Guide Quorums of for

for In return hospitality, unstinted native ago. ten years times when, came Hard Priesthood, 49. p.Melchizedek the relating the missionaries spent evenings disthe missionaries from were withdrawn 7. the holding Priesthood who man A story. In cases Gospel whole famsome trict. living enfar apart Saints lacked for success todesires himself qualify ilies light the of the Gospel. see would And the they Zealously couragement. watched

allin his calling, strive his with should of for signs for several an road months might to bring into his family the genapproaching Elder, but each time they met uine happiness which never depends with disappointment. Children would often

on money, but which is brought about ask when the missionaries would come by the loving courtesies that may be again. Mothers would reply, "Not long,"

given easily and fully. Let it be rebut they hoped in vain, and there was

disfalling the Courageously away. is some suffering keenest that themembered

trict comdetermined a presidency to make notof the body; of the mind, and the years. plete tour of the every area two

highest joys are likewise those of the They strove to find every family of Saints, mind and spirit of man. (Guide [or to hold cottage meetings, to administer to

Quorums of Melchizedek Priesthood, the needs of their people.

p. 52.) A decade of this, and members suddenly

8. We have got to attend to our found a pair of Elders—unmistakable in

duties, make use of that intelligence corduroys and leather jacket, and with the their at brief inevitable more us, case—once that is given be onewhich we may with bicycles and doors. armed on Mounted other. Priesthood Highwith each The list, they the district were membership

have got to do this; every husband must search of every member. Cottage meetin

do this, that he may be full of the Holy ings, Gospel conversations, testimonies

Ghost, that he may be the means of and soon Relief Society, Primary, Mutual, sanctifying his wife and his children, and Sunday School. That was two years

first Top: three Maoris These constituted the still local leaderthe under today, ago, and instrument that an he beand may

still in district left presidency are acting. and From during Gibraltar of that ship a proved Rock the to extendingthe of of the right: first hands Turi Elkington, counselor; James Lord

organizations era, trying and branches a president; Ruruku, counand John MacDonald, second the aiding in of of andkingdom God,

selor. activity. peoincreasing promoting are A purposes. His of (Loaccomplishment Bottom: Brother Sister Elkington and from John sincere, Godhospitable, and humble, ple

Island. natives first D'Urville of were the They two Discourses,renzo Snow, Journal of of the Saints the Latterday fearing are join to the large faithful they and Church and have a

THE COMMON SOURCE OF RELIGIOUS TRUTH

{Continued from page 149) controversy, the name "tranwas actually transformed into the quired him to sign a confession of substantiation"was first used in very body and19 blood of our Lord faith to the effect that the conseconnection with the Holy Eucharist. and Master. By Aquinas'time the

crated bread and wine are not only It "seems to have been first used doctrine had developed that the a sacrament, but also the real body by Hildbert (10181045), archbishwhole body and blood of Christ are and blood of Christ, and that these op of Tours; and its first authorized present in either element of the Eu-

"not only sacramentally, but in senadmission to the doctrinal vocabucharist. Thus the theory of transfirmly rooted substantiation lary dates became the Lateran from Fourth priests'reality, insible the are taken,1S

17 rejected in Although ( 1 21 Christendom. council Council gave This 5 ).'hand's."temBerengar conformed

it religions, it full later approval highest "the and by most Protestant ofporarily the to counthe demand cils; however, in 1069, he published dogmatic standing."remains today 20a pertinent doctrine

his views at length in a treatise on Thomas Aquinas (12271274) of Catholicism.

the Holy Supper in which he denied put the doctrine in its final form, "subjective change."Again (1079) giving to it clearness of definition. "\J17hence came the concept of

he was required to sign a declamaHe taught that when the priest contransubstantiation? An extion affirming that the bread and secrated the Sacrament the power amination of the pagan contempowine are "substantially converted,"of God performed a miracle upon raries of early Christianity reveals

Berengar subscribed and the conit, so that while the "accidents"( the the fact that the strongest pagan version theology was victorious. shape, the taste, and the like) rereligions, especially the Mystery

263-4. 288. op. cit., About the time of the Berengar mained unchanged the "substance"Walker,

Gibbons, The Faith of our Fathers.. eoJames Cardinal

"Ibid. 18Edward M. Hulme, The Middle Ages. 361. 287299.

..

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1940

THE COMMON SOURCE OF RELIGIOUS TRUTH cults, ate Eucharistic meals as part living bull with their teeth, and they Another very prominent pagan of their religious ritual. The Sacrasimulate madness of soul as they rival of Christianity whose Eument doctrine was almost universalshriek through the secret places charist furnished a close parallel to

ly accepted by the pagans of the of the 22forest with discordant the perverted Christian Sacrament,

Mediterranean world at the time clamors."was that of the CybeleAttis MysChristianity was established. There During their religious festivities, teries. Firmicus Maternus denouncit waswas one belief held in common by the god Dionysus was believed to ed these pagans'rite because

most of those ancient pagan religbe temporarily resident in the sacso similar to Christian interpretaions, viz., that their sacramental tion of the of his Lord's Supper obramental animals. underlying The

realistic sense, their jects were, in a day. 25 consisted Their of Sacrament of such philosophy Eucharpagan

con- "Saviorgods,"be must and solid a food. a beverage and ists transubstantiation baand was

It is for to the not that devotees unlikely in order product, cornsumed a sically the yet same, the sacramentor in other some food vegetable which virtues that believed theobtain they al ritual orgiastic the of one and was Attis dwell, to especially believed was deities contribable tothose were formed part refined. a barbaric the of In repast. the other while sacred was

ute. spiritual portion of man The this partaking of the meal, devotee was vividpictured Harold Willoughby

divine substance, fed with be tomust in enabled share manner rite ly the follows: as 28 a naturalistic pagan life the his of god. believed;they "eat thus they must

the slain tore devotees beast asunder The in their course, god."methods used obvious alterathose The Of flesh the dripping devoured in order and

obtaining this sacramental grace to assimilate the life of the god resident in tions that came into Christian theolranged from the most barbaric orit. Raw flesh was living flesh, and haste ogy and practice were not adopted

gies to highly refined sacraments, had to be made lest the divine life within from paganism purposively, but similar to the Christian Eucharist. becamethe animala wild,shouldbarbaric,escape.frenziedSo affair.the feast.. crept into Christendom through a

It should be kept in mind that in Primitive logic easily persuaded men that natural process of religious syncreearly Christendom the proselytes the easiest way to charge oneself with ditism, i. e., blending together of revine the quivering to eat power was flesh ligious beliefs. In the words of Dr. primarily obtained from conwere of the sacred blood and drink warm 23 the Walker:temporary pagan cults. Thousands animal.

The course the during of developmentof worshipers of Mystery gods century determined the was byflocked into Christianity, bringing The Orphic worshiper also parprevalencesucceeding of ideas the from drawn Myswith them many of their most chertook of a Sacrament of "red and tery Religions. There is no adequate

ished beliefs. A very extensive synbleeding flesh"which he believed to ground to believe that there was intentional imitation. Christians of the last half ofcretism his of Christianity mainbe Zagreus. paganand god He

the the third centuries second and in lived its thisism resulted, tained reaching that height Sacrament was a an atmosphere highly influcharged with during the third and fourth centur- "divine substance that nourished and ences sprung from these faiths. It was but

naturalies that life the they withof the strengthened immortal the A. should their Sacrament D. look Thus upon

24 worship the from point of own same view.Lord's in himself."established as Supper by

It is that probable existing already tendenwith blendedJesus was pagan EuMaternus, Firmicus ReliErrore Profanarum De this in cies direction strongly reinwere in 5, cited gionum, Harold VI. Willoughby, Pagancharistic concepts, contaminating forced the great of the growth by church 76. Regeneration, certainto extent divine the ordiconversion a first from in heathenism the Ibid.; Harrison, Willoughby, Jane Art by Ancient

nance and refining the pagan conandDeuteronomyRitual, 12:23;87; GenesisHebrews9:4;9-10.Leviticus 17:1016; (Concluded on page 178)

Pagan and Christian Creeds, 60. Willoughby, op. cit., 134135.tributionsWe shallin presentequal proportion.briefly only a Willoughby, op cit., 100101; Edward Carpenter, Firmicus Maternus, op. cit., 18.

few examples of pagan Eucharistic beliefs and practices:

The Dionysian Mysteries, a strong pagan rival of Christianity, immortalitypromised its devotees For Eating Purposes Only.. withand their god communion

through a Sacrament of eating and We make Royal Bread to give you good food that tastes good.drinking.

tell you that it will make you more beautiful Participation in the life of the god was We don't try to realistically the attained drinking by blood or youthful or successful—but simply that Royal Bread is good

victim flesh the sacred ofand eating raw in which the god was assumed to be inbread that we believe you'll enjoy eating. Your grocer has it

carnated.11

fresh every day.

The victims varied according to the country in which the worshipers resided. It might have been a fawn,

a goat, a ram, or a bull. Whatever

the hapless animal was, the devotees exhibited a certain ferocious cruelty in tearing it to pieces. In

the words of an ancient writer, Firmicus Maternus, "the Cretans rend a

Shirley Jackson Case, The Evolution of Early

Christianity, 299; Samuel Angus, The Mystery ReliChristianity, 130; Frazier,gions and The Golden ROYAL BAKING CO., Salt Lake & Ogden—100% HomeOwned

31; RobertsonSmith, Religion IV,Bough, of the

Semites, 320; Jane Harrison, Themis, 123.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1940

THE COMMON SOURCE OF RELIGIOUS TRUTH (Concluded from page 177} which the Lord told him that, "It in administering the bread and wine half the third of century. The church came is that expedient the meet Church that ( water ) the sacramakes clear

and asto be regarded more possessed more together to often partake of bread objects mental remain bread andof lifegiving mysteries, the superinunder in and wine of the transubstantiation takestendence clergy.27 of the dispensation and wine—no 28 remembrance

Lord reFollowing this Jesus."emblems are partaken place. 29 The in lost After humanity became

this maze of blighted religious mark the revelation unfolded to the in remembrance of the sacrifice of thought, God came to the rescue of Church the true concept of SacraChrist, and a sacred covenant is enHis children by restoring to the ment as previously given by Jesus tered into between the worshipers

Prophet Joseph Smith the Gospel of to His Apostles prior to His cruciand God. In fact, in every detail the

Jesus Christ. Part of this restorafixion. The Prophet having received Sacrament of the Lord's Supper as

tion concerned itself with the true authority from heaven to administer practiced by the Church of Jesus meaning of the Sacrament of the the holy emblems, restored the true Christ today is the true eucharistic

Lord's Supper. Early in April, 1 830, Eucharistic rite to mankind. order of that divine Gospel principle

Joseph received a revelation in An analysis of the prayers given given by the Man of Galilee.

*?Walker, p. cit.. 92. Doctrine and Covenants 20:7579. Ibid.. 20:7779; 27:1-5.

TIGHTENING THE KNOT

{Concluded from page 151) no share. Then I began inviting aware that they were puzzled over

friendly with my inlaws and shared them to our home, and making them my attitude, but when they realizedthe truth with me. His mother and so thoroughly comfortable that they I was sincere in the matter, well—

sister, he told me truthfully, resented had no excuse for thinking I wanted she added softly, "I simply became sharing his attention and affection; to hog my husband's affections or one of them, and we've lived on

they were jealous of me and my to break him away from his home pleasant terms ever since."

place."ties. I made it a point to call his After that bit of information, Dot

"Well,"said Dot, "you seem to mother every morning, sometimes went home to do a little thinking on have found a way around it, all asking her to tell me John's favorher own behalf. Three miles up the

right."ite dishes and frequently requesting valley lived her husband's people.

"Oh, yes,"explained Mrs. Joinher, when she had told me, to come She had been to see them twice, and

er, "but it took both time and paover and prepare them for the evethey had returned both her visits, tience. My first move was to send ning dinner. Then I began asking but between them there was a chilly

John home frequently for a visit his mother to let me drive her when atmosphere. Dean's mother was not

with his mother and sister. It "was she wanted to run into town; someher mother, nor was his sister her

hard for me to do, but it gave them times I invited his sister to use my sister. They lived in their house

a chance to discuss intimate things car, which was a wedding gift from and she and Dean lived in theirs of which they felt at that time I had my father. At first I was keenly yet there were times when Dean had

a faraway look in his eyes, and his firm lips drooped a bit at the corners.

In a flash Dot understood why, and resolved, as Mrs. Joiner had

done, that she too would wipe out CONFESSION! any sign of petty jealousy and beby Elsie, the Borden cow come part of her husband's family.

This took time, patience, and sacrifice, but today there is not a happier home in the valley than that of

Dot and Dean Arnold; simply be- w cause Dot learned from her neighMy life is an open book bors what it meant to tighten the

What I eat, how I bathe, with marriage knot, and of her own acthe tightened one binding her I all matters of cord whom associate—are choice. to the man of her to the dairyman concern who owns

me and to the Borden veterinarian who regularly visits our ranch. ALCHEMY

And I must confess, this extra By Mabel West Lillie care pays in the fine milk that I give to Borden's. Milk they evaporate, GrayIts bareand boughsgnarled shakingand bentwithandtheold,cold.

irradiate and distribute to grocers. Outside my door the apple tree

imploringly, limbs naked Tapped the familiar Under label—Borden's 'twere begging alms of me. As though St. Charles brand. Will you buy it,

today? But just as joy comes after pain,

And sunshine always follows rain,

IF IT'S BORDEN'S, IT'S GOT TO BE GOOD Today outside my door I greet

A bride in pink, divinely sweet,

Who flings her flowers at my feet.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1940

AMERICA'S FIRST DEPARTMENT STORE (Continued from page 144) Mercantile Institution was organized. department monster has developed and

is thatof Chicago; and John Wanamaker, we are told Field's firm "located itgrownthe oldfashionedso great. My"generalown impressionstore"of

of Philadelphia. These were the self at the northeast corner of State country crossroads must be regarded as thethe

outstanding business men of their and Washington Streets, and in a direct forebear of the big and comprehensive day. Their activities, however, did short time controlled the largest and city mart where almost everything is renot in most cases merge into departbest retail trade in the city."Just tailed under one roof. The line of descent

ment store operations until years what they sold or how they transandtinct theto befamilymistaken.resemblance seem too dislater. A. T. Stewart, Marshall acted their business is not indicated,

Field, and John Wanamaker were but the record says, "Field, Leiter Continuing, he says:

soon to branch out into the new field. and Company, were favorably According to my best information, the

To briefly consider these three great known as wholesale dealers and first mercantile establishment coming clearly definition the under of store a department all enterprising foreign importers ofmerchants established in this country which one was

It was fabrics and novelties."some The business of A. T. Stewart fall in of the 1875. opened in Chicago

was taken over by John Wanamaker. time after the great Chicago fire of first home was an insignificant, onestoryIts

following the former's demise in 1871 that the firm assumed the name structure with a frontage of sixteen feet 1876. Not by the greatest stretch of Marshall Field and Company. neerand adepartmentdepth of eightyenterprisefeet.occupiesNow thisa buildpio-

ing having fifteen and onehalf acres of floor space.

There is no doubt the author has reference to Marshall Field's, and if his deductions are correct, Zion's

Cooperative Mercantile Institution antedated that organization several

FIRST PRESENT SECTION OF THE, Z. C. M. I. BUILDING MAIN years, as it was organized by BrigON

STREET, SALT LAKE CITY, ABOUT ham Young in October, 1868.

1875. Naturally,. I was eager to find

out how Utah's store came to adopt modern department store methods as long ago as 1868. After an extensive thumbing of early minutes of

the institution, of documents in the

L. D. S. Church Historian's office,

of imagination could we designate Harlow N. Higenbotham, in his and volumes in the public library, I

it as a department store, for the recbook, The Making of a Merchant, gleaned the following facts:

ord states they sold "ladies'goods says:

entirely, excepting for boys'clothing Although the history of the modern TDrigham Young had a twofold and carpets."Today the business is metropolitan department store is not a long purpose in organizing the store.

one of New York's leading departone, the phases of its development are not Claiming the community was bement stores, made so by John Wanaaltogether clear in the minds of all who coming an aggregation of storemaker after 1876. haveare differencesspecial interestof opinionin theamongsubject.thoseTherewho keepers, he pointed out that the labor

have some claim as authorities. In this of a young community must be conOrior to 1876, John Wanamaker's absence of compelling and absolute proof, served, that the most stable developstore in Philadelphia sold only I shall state my own observations and imment would come from following

men's clothing and shoes, when we pressionsmatic rightwithoutor privileges.any assumption of dogagricultural pursuits. A large store

read: "Women began to express Some hold that the dry goods store is controlled by the Church could

the wish that they could shop there to be regarded as the germ from which the (Concluded on page 180) for articles for themselves."So Mr.

Wanamaker added to his line shoes for women, and later "decided to add a dry goods department,"and then quickly included readyto- wear.

Marshall Field arrived in Chicago V in 1856, and a few days later was employed by Cooley, Wadsworth and Company, a wholesale dry goods house. One year later the

firm name was changed to Cooley,

Farwell and Company, and in 1860, for

Mr. Field was made a member of the Miss SAYLOR'S PASTILLES GIFTS

firm. Delicious bonbon type candy for

assorted of creams, Box Pastelle wafers, mint, chews lemon, place Several changes taken had nuts wintergreen,.....25 $1 a pound 7 oz. box. 50c PARTIES it andin in the firm 1867 when name

for Hotels, All smart Stores should Drug, Department Cigar and Field, Leiterbecame and Company.

A year later, that would be in 1868, Writ* MISS SAYLOR'S CHOCOLATES,have them. If ALAMEDA,not CALIFORNIA HOME

the year that Zion's Cooperative

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1940

AMERICA'S FIRST DEPARTMENT STORE

THE ADVERTISERS (Concluded from page 179) another, men's clothing; another emand Where You Will Find transact practically all of the city's braced a shoe department and a shoe

business and release many men who factory; another, machinery and

Their Messages would return to the development of wagons; another, produce; another,

Albers Carnation Wheat 129 the soil or follow pursuits that would groceries, hardware, and crockery;

AllisChalmers Farm Equipment. 135 develop other resources of the teranother, sewing machines; another,

Beneficial Life Insurance Co ritory. Such an organization would wool and hides; another, a drug store.

Back Cover also regulate prices. Due to the fact These were all in separate buildings,

Borden's St. Charles Evaporated that goods were hauled from the each having its own manager, who

Milk 1 78 Missouri River by ox teams, a dissupervised the buying and selling,

Brigham Young University 187 tance of twelve hundred miles, ocand had jurisdiction over employees.

Church's Grape Juice Co. 162 cupying from three to six months, By April of 1 875, the business had

Continental Oil Company 187 there were frequent periods of temexpanded beyond the capacity of its

Deseret News Press 190 porary scarcity of commodities. At rented quarters and the first building

Globe Grain & Milling Co 163 such times prices went sky high and was constructed on the present site.

Hotel Lankershim 185 President Young's keen business This building is now the center secHovey Press 180 acumen suggested that a merchant tion of the store. The various comInternational Harvester Co., Inc.. 131 was only entitled to a fair and legitimodities referred to, with the exInter-state Brick Co mate profit. ception of hides and wool, were imInside Front Cover to transferred mediately store organization the new suggested The KSL Radio Station that natural it was only opposition. building, and considerable with met Inside Back Cover

L. D. S. Business College 188 Indignation meetings were held by the same plan of operation that had

Lyman, Albert R 156 local storekeepers, for they realized been previously maintained should

Miss Saylor's Chocolates 179 a Churchcontrolled store with the be continued. Each department

Mountain Fuel Supply Co 134 influence of the great pioneer leader was under the immediate jurisdicMountain States Implement Co... 184 back of it would eliminate many of tion of the department manager, who

Nalley's Inc 133 them. A committee was selected to supervised the buying, hired his

Ogden School of Beauty Culture.. 180 wait on President Young in an effort help, checked and compared his daily

Pioneer Minced Sea Clams 191 to dissuade him from continuing sales, and promoted the welfare of

Provo School of Beauty Culture.,185 with the store idea. It was pointed his department generally. Each of

Quish School of Beauty Culture..l87 out that a large store, controlled by these managers was, of course, reRed Comet Fire Ext. Co 186 the Church, would mean the closing sponsible to the general manager of

Royal Baking Co. 177 of many of the stores then operating. the store. It is quite logical to preSafeway Stores, Inc 189 The great leader was obdurate. He sume that this was the beginning of

Salt Lake Stamp Co 186 reminded them that the development the department store method of

Sugarhouse Lumber & Hardware of the community was in his mind's operation.

Co 132 eye, and that should be paramount. It is regrettable that more specific

Utah Engraving Co 186 Sensing the President's determiand more authentic information has

Utah Oil Refining Co 181 nation and being impressed with the not been preserved on the subject.

Utah Poultry Prod. Coop. Ass'n...l83 possible ultimate success of the No doubt there are still living many

Utah Power & Light 185 movement, many of the merchants oldtime storekeepers and others

Washburn & Condon Co 186 after consulting together finally dewho could throw additional light on

Woodbury's College 187 cided to offer their merchandise at the subject. The opinions of men who

Z. C. M. 1 182 inventory in exchange for stock in toward the end of the nineteenth

the new concern. Eventually this century transacted business with the

was done. In consequence, Z. CM. I. firms mentioned in this article wouldWEDDING INVITATIONS was organized in October, 1868, and certainly be of great interest. The

seems however, hand, information at 1, 1 869, business March commenced ANNOUNCEMENTS AND justify the assertion to in conclusively situated thirteen stores 100 for $4.50 with

White paneled invitations with two envarious parts of Salt Lake City and that Zion's Cooperative Mercantile of choicevelopes, Script or Old English handling all types of merchandise. Institution is "America's Oldest DeServicePrinting 24 Hour

Postage prepaid when remittance accompanies One sold dry goods and carpets; partment Store."

order HOVEY PRESS DANCE 25 East No. PROGRAMS—TICKETS—INVITATIONSTemple—Salt Lake City—Was. 9G72 PINCH HITTER

(Continued from page 143) tertained very delightfully. Pinch

composure Nan's in itsENROLL(Commence Later if Desired)NOW actlyer. "We won't let him get away."hitting again?"usual state—shewas not justsensedexIn"Hair,a shortthis timetime,"he sheturnedlaughed.to Nan

$25. Discount on a Complete that the disturbance had something and asked, "Still want to try the

COURSE IN BEAUTY CULTURE to do with giving Eugenia this runbus?"Then as she expected, "Room

A State Accredited School ning start. She worked quickly. for your sister; shall we take her

Nevertheless, the "slightly used along?"That was the way it would

Ogden School of Beauty Culture car,"a roadster, was in front of the be this time; then the next time it

Over Egyptian Theatre OGDEN. UTAH house when she returned. would be Eugenia without the room

Name - "I'm sorry,"apologized Nan. for any sister. Eugenia was already

Address City State "Perfectly all right. I've been engetting her wraps.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1940

PINCH HITTER is the The question grew with aggravatHe drove out on the highway. er—all this part through hereDistant foothills of the Rockies same as the first trail—that red ing insistence as Eugenia usurped

were still wearing winter's fashionbrick barn over there is the last remhis attention until they drew up in able white; but the valleys were nant of an old fort built for Indian front of the house.

showing a variegated pattern in protection."It was then partially answered

greens and browns and purples. "You don't say! I'd like to read when Eugenia said, "Get out, Bob,

of the gang."Nan revelled in the beauty—her joy up on that; something to think about Here comes some

"I'll let you have a book; it surely—he was Eugenia's latest—butwasEugenia—shetoo deep formadewords.her feelingsNot so when sagebrush gets monotonous."Nan was glad to see George there it just before I then that was no sign.known by the use of choice adjecis fascinating—got

tives interspersed with such redropped school.""Come on in, gang,"called their

marks as, "Nothing sloppy about "University?"mother. "We'll have a bite to eat;

the way you handle that wheel.""Yes, one term—then the depresthen go to church together. EugenLater, the Bob, misjudging when know the ia sings tonight, you know."sion—and—well—youI guess."rest, at crossing andgrade a railroad

I?"grin,stalling said engine, with a the "Do get to urging It no took in go- I I Eugenia, cut "I'm train "Well!"thought a know, saw"You living that into the room them was

it believe University the to and ing cried, promptlycoming,"Eugenia been but which always had homey rush. getting a big I'm not or Gamslay Bob, me! can you"Oh How attractive especially Nan's by made last party a to had fast?"that Kappas so think me themyou ma up So fingers; stimulated the mother then sorority the they're the on and to week the snappy! bewas way play on, "Eugenia, and you went campus."that slab there back was "What for them while Nan and I make expensive, aren't they?"sing "Ratherthat just passed?"Bob. asked we sandwiches."some

died, Bob. I warned sheepherder "Oh, some

with, complied promptly Eugenia into voice of replied Eugenia.guess,"

music, turn Bob?""Will you my will course—goingfuture depend for the that's and the marker "Why, "But,piano—my to definite the answer This was I make!"contacts in the Trail!"uponPioneer came from Nan

shocked surprise at their limited inAt this Nan went into reverie. Nan's question; she started for the

formation. Yes, Eugenia would go to college; kitchen while Bob took a place be-

"Not where the oxen went over she would join a sorority. Eugenia side Eugenia on the long bench.

with the covered wagons?"Bob got what she wanted. Money grew "Well, I can't turn by the note

seemed to think it unbelievable. on the bushes—men grew on the system,"he said, "I turn by signals

highway workbushes, too. Would she want Bob? (Continued on page 183) "Why sure—you

Oil 3 Reasons why Your Needs Changing Now***

1. Oil becomes diluted and thin in cold weather, due to frequent

use of the choke. It should be drained out and replaced with

fresh, clean Vico.

A FINE 2. Oil becomes gritty after being used a thousand miles or so.

Even the best oil filters cannot entirely prevent it. So, it's wise LUBRICANT

to change regularly to a fresh, clean supply of Vico.

3. As the weather gets warmer you need oil that doesn't thin out ONE U. S. QUART

under heat. Vico is a tough, heatresisting, longlasting lubricant.

Drive in at the Vico—Pep 88 sign for finest ids

products and better service.

EVERYWHERE IN UTAH & IDAHO

?:iill

tv/ o*c"* *s* * x CO**

* iu;\coWe

#ytts9 \tt* oT Afcl. H

t&m****?2 dxessesseason

>*+**+*** vn c*** **'--**ace-Q&Ol e ****** cosXWG <x QtiS Yotf xM belIO*

.>%'THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1940

PINCH HITTER {Continued from page 181) She hurried in to Jimmie's rescue; but old without the slightest Eastery

only. One nod to get ready and the a hasty sideways glance revealed look about it."

second nod to go."Eugenia dropping behind the pro- "Oh, you follow easily. Come

The signal system was the occacession. One look at the distressed on; you never have failed me in a

sion for a great deal of fun, Nan baby face of Jimmie made her realpinch yet."

gathered, from the laughs that ize that, for pure woe, she was enBob's face was wreathed in his reached the kitchen. Then when the tirely outclassed. wrinkly smile as he pushed her togang was joining in one of the chor- "Ho! Ho! for the Gingerbread ward the petitioner. "Go ahead;

uses, Bob suddenly bellowed out in Boy!"she laughed and went about don't let me keep you from running

a deep bass voice, and Eugenia algetting him all happy on the inside true to form."

most jumped off the bench. Nan and spick and span on the outside.

caught a glimpse of Bob tenderly "Now, let's hurry,"she cautioned It was not with a feeling patting her shoulder to calm her. playfully. "Last one's the nigger of great exultation that Nan joined

It was not the work that Nan baby."They started out on a run. in the triumphant choruses. The

minded; she loved to prepare dainty "Ha! Ditched for a handsomer other girls had frills and fluffs and

foods and serve them attractively; man, I see!"came from the porch fine Easter feathers. When the solo

she had done it many times and rail, and there sat Bob waiting for was given, a wave of shame passed thought nothing of it; but this time, her. Little warm prickles ran all over over her. Eugenia had never looked

as the empty plates came back she Nan. Of course, she was still his lovelier or sung more beautifully.

felt aloof, alone. From force of date for the day; it might be just The frill did it—it was right thathabit she began to wash the dishes. loyalty. Eugenia should have it—but what

Suddenly, Bob filled the kitchen "Here, old man, this may help the a chance for Bob to make compariwith his presence, carrying a plate nigger baby situation,"and Jimmie sons!

as his excuse. "My, I never tasted was forthwith hoisted to broad Before they left the choir loft

anything better!"he said, as he shoulders. It made something swell Nan was hailed for a committee

grabbed a tea towel and began wipup inside of Nan. Now what other meeting. "I can't,"she pleaded.

ing dishes as if he were a veteran. of these young knowit-alls would "Oh, be yourself, Nan; I'll take

"Yes,"said Nan's father who have done that? Those broad shoulcare of the boy friend,"volunteered

found the kitchen more pleasant ders seemed to register the assurthe magnanimous Eugenia and in during "gang"invasions, "when it ance that they would meet any conthe now thinning crowd Nan heard comes to cookin', Nan can't be dition or circumstance in the same her making good her word, "Come beat."way. on, Bob, Nan's in for a session; she'll

Dear old dad! Nan could have In no time at all they were at the be along later."They went out of

hugged him for his effort to help church door where the choir leader the chapel together.

her cause. Humph! She had cooked stood, ready to pounce upon the Of course the meeting took only

for boys before—there was nothing first likely prey. "Nan, will you help a few minutes; but that was time forto that old gag. What was snappy the altos tonight? We have only the gang to be off—and Eugenia hadabout cooking? But that smile on the three, and it won't balance at all."Bob—this would be the fresh topic

end of a dish towel did wonders "But I haven't practiced!"proat the store the next day.for her. tested Nan. not adding—"and I Nan passed slowly out of the

Memory returned with an abrupt have a new beau and my dress is {Concluded on page 185) awakening when Eugenia, all decked out in the frill, pirouetted in the kitchen door for admiration exclaiming, "See my new frill! Don't

I just look like the breath of spring?

Hurry up, you two scullery maids, if you want to hear the prima donna.

We're starting."

"Want a ride?"Bob called after

her. "Oh it's just around the corner.

We'll wait out in front."

The two scullery maids had just managed to finish the last detail of kitchen duty and get on their way when there was a terrible howl from the back yard. Jimmie, the young

brother, had fallen in a small irrichurch his ditchgation and attire Nationally Known For Their Fine Quality foot. to head fromwas mud

"Oh, Nan,"called her mother, take care of"can you him? I have ORDER THEM BY THE BRA! NAME over."flowersto get these

Nan gave Bob a desperate look. UTAH POULTRY PRODUCERS'COOPERATIVE ASSOCIATION

"Go ahead with the others. It's Used Exclusively in All M. I. A. Cooking Schools

up to me to play nursemaid I guess."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1940

SUGAR BEET EQUIPMENTcszaOLIVER

OLIVER SUPERIOR NO. 9

BEET DRILL

Built for accuracy and long life. Has famous Superior

Double Run Force Feed—wide

planting range for large or small quantities of seed. Fertilizer attachment has finger

feed to regulate flow, 60 to 290 lbs. per acre.

Look For The

... OLIVER Name

... on the sugar beet tools you buy. The

Oliver line is the most complete, the most specialized, the most dependable—the result of years of close attention to the problems of beet growers. There are Oliver tools

44 BEET CULTIVATOR NO. SUPERIOR OLIVER for different soil conditions—Oliver tools for cultivator braced angle with well 4-row riding A sturdy

steel frame—easy operating levers—special adjustments large, medium or small field operations

fields. for irrigated Variety of cultivating equipment and tools for the horse farmer and tools and tracfertilizer available. attachment

tors for the power farmer.

For the most accurate planting and the besters—forstart thechoosemostOliverefficientBeet drillsweedorcontrolplantchoose Oliver cultivators. For economical

production all along from plowing to harvesting choose Oliver equipment.

MOUNTAIN STATES

IMPLEMENT COMPANY OGDEN, UTAH

Branches in:

OLIVER ROW CROP "70"TRACTOR AND UTAH—MurrayOgden, Logan 2-WAY MOUNTED PLOW

This sixcylinder, high compression tractor with mounted IDAHO—Preston, Blackfoot, Shelley, Idaho Falls,

plows, planters, cultivators and lifters is the most modern outfit a beet grower can buy. Rexburg, Rupert, Twin Falls, Buhl

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1940

PINCH HITTER (Concluded from page 183) tation as the 'waitingist'man on church through empty aisles; saw earth?"

dimly the vacant benches where she Nan laughed. He had—but that

had served faithfully all her life. A didn't answer in full.

the thinkgrowing resentment do on you was "Well—uh—what Enjoy that pretty?"imof of destroying sheverge once my little sister? Isn't

mutable equanimity. Was this com- "Oh yes—in a way—but I'm gladpensation for unselfishness—for you dbn't wear those flyaway

what she had given willingly, lovlooked like an ingly? Easter thingama-gigs—youlily in a patch of wild daisies."Better

She pushed open the heavy door "Heavens! I must have had that

and peered out into the darkness. A pious look that they tease me about!"

strong arm suddenly reached her, "No, just your Nan look, I think."almost carried her down the steps, "Did you like the solo? We're Living

led her into a street that didn't lead so proud of Eugenia. She's the taltoward home. ented one of our family."

"If I have to kidnap a girl in or- "Eugenia sang very nicely; no

der to talk to her for five minutes, doubt about her talent—but—tal-

I'm the fellow that can do it!"ents differ."Perhaps he observed the

Perhaps the fresh topics wouldn't little note of anxiety; perhaps he had

be so bad after all—but she wanted something he wanted to unburdento be very, very sure—she didn't anyway he went on, "For my part,

want to have to make any correc- I think it'll be right convenient to tions in a second issue, so she venhave a pinchhitter for a pal—there

tured, "I thought you'd gone on may be times when I'll need help with Eugenia."with something besides singing and

"Haven't I established my repuplaying the piano."

LIVER DISEASE IN CHRONIC ALCOHOLISM

(Continued from page 141) crease in size and in the development lease from the state institution, she of jaundice. If she could be inremained almost continuously in a duced to refrain from further drinkstate of intoxication. During this ing and adopt normal dietary habits,

time she would seldom eat anything it seems likely that her liver would and then only when food was forced return to a normal condition. If she

down her. She preferred Chinese continues her drinking habits, as she

food and never ate fresh fruits, green undoubtedly will, it is only a matter vegetables, or milk. of time until she will die of liver Utah Power At the time of entering the hosdisease, or of some acute infection.

pital, her liver was enlarged, smooth, Alcoholism causes a lowered bodily and easily palpable below the right resistance to infection, especially torib margin. Her mouth was sore the organisms causing pneumonia &

and bleeding. She complained of ( pneumococcus and streptococcus).

numbness in her lower extremities Alcoholics have a tendency to eatand was unable to walk (neuritis). meats and other proteincontaining Light Co.

Her skin was very dry and showed foods to the exclusion, largely, of areas of peeling over the exposed carbohydrates, fruits, and vegeparts (pellagra). tables. Thus they lack the foods

The patient was given an adewhich supply the liver with sugar quate diet and extra vitamins in and which are so necessary in the substitution for the alcoholic beverproper burning of fats. Such Hotel7TH S LankershimBROADWAY

ages. Improvement in her condition dietaries are deficient also in the $2.50"No Bargaining,—$3.00 53.50

salts mineral jaundice evident. soon and in vitamins. Thewas

liver polyneuritis the Alcoholic is the most FrankLOSWiihoa,No ANGELESWorry"Operator decreased,gradually soon returned to normal size. With the common type of multiple neuritis.

aid of hydrotherapy, her neuritis imChronic alcoholics in many instances proved, and she regained her ability are subject to a polyneuritis which ATTEND to walk. She was able to leave the causes tingling sensations in the exhospital within a few weeks. tremities (arms and legs), soreness Provo School of Beauty Culture

Many cases similar to the above of muscles, muscular weakness, and The School11 EastWhere1st No.,theProvo,PromiseUtah is Kept

are seen every month in the charity even paralysis. This multiple type A Life's income for a meager investment

hospitals of our large cities. This of inflammation was, until recently, Fill in coupon for further

Information <'VKvvv'>wvvv effects toxic the is to precirrhotic, believed in due a to beyoung woman Phne N"or2 Name l"nnlnnn>> It is cirnerves. of alcohol the early, upon of stageor perhaps an ""Address....

beriberi, to of is type be a liverrhosis. already known now damThe

aged, as shown by the marked in- (Concluded on page 186)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1940

skin in deficiencies. the Changes LIVER DISEASE IN CHRONIC ALCOHOLISM (pellagra) brain in the and and

f Concluded from page 1 85 instances at least, to control the peripheral assonervous system which is readily controlled by the neuritis by vitamin therapy -without ciated with alcoholism are dependent (thiaadministration of vitamin of alcohol. the withdrawing use This B 1 upon the same factors as are the

possible, inmin ). It has been to that alcohol prove some was done only liver changes.

is not the direct cause of neuritis.

It is, therefore, the starvation factor, The reader may be convinced of the from presented the evidence alcohol is to and not per se which its effects of damaging alcohol and in polyneuritis. blame Similarly

pellagra, which is found in a consequelae when taken in large daily siderable percentage of alcoholics, doses, as is done by the chronic alcoholic. question But, the doubt, no

is avitaminosis controllable an with T T to that concerns him has do most nicotinic recently the discovered is 20 Every minutes a being human the effects the alcohol of with on acid {vitamin ). to B2 in the States United death burned drinker. occasional very or moderate

nearly build24 1,100 every hours and ings are destroyed by fire. Cevere cases of alcoholism freThis is a difficult question to answer.

What terrible figures these are—actual quently show mental deterioraWe know that alcohol in small

fire facts that misunderstand can no one the higher funcdepresses amounts tion—a condition as Korsaknown

is this -ind loss terrible going Every on brain, loss of tions causing of the kov's syndrome (symptom comto can you hope escape how 24 Hours—so inhibitions. cocktails a few Thus It ). indefinitely Fire that with Fire plex persons National is well known a

loss of more than $500,000,000 every year? who suffer from pellagra develop taken at the beginning of a social

the evening and loosen tongue serious alcoholic dementias. The Stop Red Comets Fire—They conversation easy. Things make dementias vitamin are dependent on Yours. Can Stop said the speaker often that precisely deficiency as in the case of are

Write pellagra. The more acute form of wished to have remain confidential.

Inc. to cular coordination COMET, HED alcoholic psychosis known as deliri- A few drinks may upset one's musjudgment and is, tremens a manifestano doubt, um 767 Bldg. Red Comet of the extent is incapable that he Littleton. Colorado tion of the deficiency. type of same

safety. driving automobile with an

of summary, I would By way statistics every of casualty The is light state that on thrown much terrible city large afford indictment a J. V. the relationship question the of of NELSON

this alcoholic against indulgence on 403 North 9th West liver to excessive severe disease Salt City, Lake Utah It is score. conthat well a known

if drinking, selects for Phone Wasatch 6139-W one study siderable percentage of automobile the earlier cases of cirrhosis. If the

liver is enlarged, smooth, and fatty, accidents are chargeable to inebriety 1939, 362). Era, page (See June, with evidence of failing function, as

to cocktaildeterrents these Besides manifested by free fluid in the abdrinking, there is the everpresent domen, the presence of jaundice or spectre of alcoholic habituation gastric hemorrhage, chronic alcohovering in the background like an will to holism be be present found evil thing. to avoid The surest way

to cent per in eighty ninety refrain is to a calamity from of the such patients. Study of the later stages, acquiring the taste for such drinks. when the liver is shrunken and

nodular, leads to confusion since When youth overindulges in those cases due to abuse of alcohol alcohol, it is usually in an endeavor cannot be distinguished from cases to cast off restraint, or it may be due due to a variety of hepatic poisons. to association with those who have

It appears that liver damage is already formed the habit. Psychianot the result of direct toxic action trists are convinced that overindul-

on the liver cells, as it is in the case gence later in life is the result of of other poisons (arsenic, phospsychic disturbances, or even mild phorus, lead, chloroform, carbon insanity. Alcoholism often tends to

tetrachloride, etc. ) but is dependent recur in certain families, since the

quite largely upon the condition of underlying psychic factor may be semistarvation caused by the hereditary. OFFER marked loss of appetite for food. On the other hand, we must recWEA COMPLETE

ENGRAVING SERVICE This condition is predicated on the ognize that alcohol is not a strong

From Missionary Portraits to the largest high caloric value of alcohol, which tissue poison and statements which catalogues.

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention. replaces much needed tissuebuild- are absurd and overdrawn do more

UTAH ENGRAVING CO. ing foods. Vitamins are likewise harm than good. Young people

113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah inadequately provided. who receive excellent training in the

Studies by Connor and by Hall fundamental sciences resent extravaTHE ORIGINAL and Morgan make it clear that algant statements which they surmise

SelF Piercing., Self Clinchirv cohol does play an important role have little or no basis in fact. Stress

in producing severe liver damage. should be placed rather on the disSALT

57 W. Broadway LAKESaltSTAMPLake City,CO.Utah Theyduces itsshowactionalso largelythat alcoholby indirectproturbancetions, lossofoftheinhibitions,higher psychicloss of funcmus-

Send For Free Samoles means through dietary and vitamin cular coordination, and judgment.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1940

A Noted Prophecy (Continued }rom 138) page it to I is inexpedient That RESOLVED, admit Almon W. Babbitt, Esq., to a seat

in this body as a Delegate from the alleged.State of Deseret Where Study Beckons On July 18, 19, and 20, the resolution was debated in Committee of the Learning is doubly pleasant on the campus of Brigham

Whole. There were arguments in

favor of admitting a representative Young University when spring is unfolding there in all its of the people of Deseret and the posiloveliness. Study becomes a stirring adventure, a climb

tion of the committee as to the matter of recognition was combatted. The toward intellectual achievement.

slavery question also had some bearing on the result. In fact, by some SPRING QUARTER—MARCH 18—JUNE 4

it was considered the determining Special arrangements for teachers who must enroll later than factor.

March 18. Finally, by a vote of yeas 104,

nays 78, the resolution was laid on SUMMER QUARTER—BEGINS JUNE 10

the table.

On the 9th of September, followWrite for a Summer Session catalogue.

ing, the law for the admission of signed.Utah as a territory was

defined Californiaboundaries were The BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY on the west, Oregon on the North, PROVO, UTAH the summit of the Rocky Mountains on the east and the 37th parallel of north lattitude on the south.

It will be seen that this extended to Pacific the coast, taking in the ofPort California. San Diego, OILPLATING will lubricate

\X7hen the Territory of Utah was created it was shorn of much territoryof the claimed, at first and stilllater until further its before any oil can circulate reduced area was confined to that portion which was or had been occupied by the Utah nation of the Shoshone Patented Germ Processed oil family of Indians since early in the leaves rich slippy OILPLATING 1 7th century. bonded to engine parts. OILis of the a corruption Utah word Eutaw,

... tribe is theand that lived PLATING can't all drain down of an Indian name in these valleys and mountains long ago. not even overnight. Keeps your

their traditions... Retaining and folk engine lubricated in advance for lore, forefathers that their they tell us called

this the Land of Eutaw, or "high up."swift wearresistant starting! See

Eutaw—Levi meansEdgar "inYoung,the topsFormerof the Headmountains."of the your Mileage Merchant.

Department of History, University of Utah. Continental Oil Company

The Indian name, Utah, a corruption of the word Eutaw, means "in the tops of the or,mountains,"as the Indians themselves CONOCO GERM expressed it "high State up."Names,

etc.,Flags, Earl Shankle. George by

in us, of Let the light the above, PROCESSED OIL examine the prophecy in detail. The

Lord's house was to be established in It the top of the mountains. far was Trout LEADERSHIP BE INDEPENDENT inestablished Utah, which means Other Vocation so Profitable No requires the finest training obtainYour career

"top of the mountains,"in the midst able. Woodbury, the largest College of BusiENROLL NOW Professional Administration ness Arts in the andof the thereMountains. Rocky offers scientifically training directed West, We which at the Course For a Complete

to start at higher salaries enables graduates and fore fulthat see the prophecy was quicker win advancement.

filled in the selection of the even Administration, Courses in Business Accountof Beauty Culture Quish School ing, Secretarial Science, Foreign Trade, Journalthatname. said be our peoIt may

ism, Merchandising, SecretariRadio Movie and in the The Best West al, ple desired to the in with have Bachelor "DesDegree years. Shorter name two

336340 S. Bldg., Main, American Commercial also Courses; Commercial Coseret."Instead, the matter Design, Interior was tume Decoration, EcoHomeArt, CITY, SALT LAKE UTAH

nomics. so thatworked out chosen the name Further For Information Athletics, Activities, Social for Deseret Club

students. in direct fulfillment of the prowas student Mormon Supervised homes. Call or Catalog

tilled than 1,500 positions annually. More 7560 or phecy. PartWasatch provided. Free catalog. State time work course

This House of the Lord was to desired. Fill in This

be "exalted above the hills."One Couponneed but visit Logan, Manti, and St. WOODBURY COLLEGE

( Concluded on page 1 88 1023 UJILSHIRE BlVO LOS ANGELESCALIF

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1940

A NOTED PROPHECY "L. D. S. Training Pays!"(Concluded from page 187) meeting, testified that the chief reaGeorge, as well as Salt Lake City, son for their coming to Utah was beOppoJdumJtiM, areto noteexaltedthatabovethe templesthe hills,ofmarkthe Lordyou, thereincause ofdone.the templesThey andfurtherthe worktestinot mountains. fied that in coming to the "mountain

Come First In TheAll writernationswaswerepresidingto flow untoover it.a ofbelievingthe Lord'sthatHouse"they wouldthey behadtaughtcome

stake conference in Vernal, Utah, of His ways and that they could in perfectly the walk ago His paths. some years thought more when

forth that interesting Those Who are occurred going be law is Zion the it would Out of to know how many nations were "and the word of the Lord from (phapahsid! represented in that one small gatherJerusalem."

ing. Each of the thirteen Articles To me it is extremely interesting

of Faith was recited in a different to note that in naming this territory

This month we present two of language. In other words, there wherein the temples of the Lord were

our many graduates who have were representatives there of thirfirst built, Congress, without knowrecently secured excellent positeen different nations. Iamsurethere ing it, selected the name which means

tions: can be no other place found where "top of the mountains."Surely,

so many nations have come because everyone familiar with the history of

Glenn Vernon, of the building of the House of the the Church of Jesus Christ of Latemployed by a Lord. It was discovered at the Verter-day Saints knows that all nalocal machinery

distributor, makes nal meeting that the representatives tions have furnished representatives this statement: of to the nations various the here because had come come who have "I am well

the with the built pleased of the "top because mountains"temples here were and because

I retraining ceived at the L. the house of the Lord had been built "many people"could more fully

D. S. Business

College, and I there. In other words, the immilearn the ways of the Lord, and

recommend this grants from these nations, at that could "walk in His paths."

school to all who desire efficient training in the field of business. YOUTH'S PROBLEMS

The friendly at- (Concluded from page 139) as I worked under the spell of enof the mosphere is helpCollege I studio, I as reached \I7hen of I couragement, my dreamed San ful to ularly all—particto outof- it, called proudly became and Francisco, Paris. York, New t o students, n w Mr. Vernon in engrossed occasions work, on such as was."my in office coal at a job a very I had of Mr. the Vernon,I Mr. Mrs. son and I, a older years than few my sister

is M. Provo, Vernon, Utah, W. a gradusmall there, but too, pay, with I met ate of into softly Lincoln School. the High would come and room

encouragement, for boss was my stand she, watching draw. me And

let willing off to get once a me week tell too, that she expected would me Alston, Quentin for to in about art take an hour the to reach great of me Mr. son and heights—some artist. studio of downtown an By Mrs. M. Walne I to must day go and York New Salt Alston, Lake I the time substitute had paid my art. to Paris study gently would She mastered City, for relief doing paid work and my here stenography tell pat the back on and me how me

I then instructor and lesson, a $1.50 had but she of brother, as proud a was me parttime securedwork little left, I but, oh, money did how that I enabled him sincerely because to trying was

love to to at look his the earn drawings I had way get sister of somewhere. This mine through uni- a dream, dream, made of and dream i He s talked going to about study away my

secretary a versity.now greater of inart study. days My I art felt that I really so much office was of in the an

fine T. was a Harwood, important federal J. that. losstructor going just to do Without in agency Washsoul, instructor, noble a one whose ington. In reing her smile a the she posed hour by

letter to cent the influence for real art advancement I for me. did Everything she looked school ex- e h

his in students, opinion, among appreciapressed my at with keen interest.

tion for trainthe Mr. Alston never surpassed. been too, He, I ing restudy, going to he to San has was had away

credit here ceived and gave much encouraged intook such and me an first, to the Francisco York, then New L. D. S. for his College success. present terest in me. told he He was me then Paris, often. she told So me

Both Mr. Vernon and Mr. Al- I began to save every penny I could, going to put me to the hardest tests

ston have proved that L. D. S. and to do it, I cut out a piece of the possible. He was going to have me proceed teach to slowly and me casing good: north of that window training does pay—and you draw correctly. not want He did in out took window and my studio, it, too! can prove

one of the small supporting stones. me to rush through as some of his

May we send you our bulletin? Just This made a hole about four inches students insisted on doing, and in

mail a card to the wide, eight inches long, and about the end they would wear out their six inches deep. I carved out a little welcome and drop out because Harslot in the board, put a nail a few wood would not allow anything be- L. D. S. BUSINESS inches above the slot, and hung a low the best one had to offer. I

COLLEGE pictureup. For ontwotheyears,nail toI tossedcover theintoplacethis oweagement,much theto thiskind kindof encourageof encour70 North Main Street hole every cent I could get my hands ment that every youth needs and

Salt Lake City, Utah on, never looking in, always wonthat every adult should give to the dering how much I could save. And oncoming generation.

A LUSCIOUS VALUE RIGHT NOW Come and get 'em, folks!

clings freeand Newcrop at at SAFEWAY stones canned the peak of their summer goodness.

Big golden halves for tempting salads, breakfast fruit, and easily digested desserts... sliced for pies and

shortcakes. Lay in your

supply at Safeway's attractive prices right now.

BY ENJOYING MORE OF THE OTHER FELLOWS'CROPS

YOU HELP YOURSELF We at Safeway hope that among the delicious farmgrown foods you and your family enjoy will be lots of fine canned peaches.

We Safeway people would like to see sales of all farm products increase because onethird of our regular customers are farm families.

Naturally, when times are good for farmers, our business is better, too.

This fact, that one out of every three

Safeway shoppers are fellow farm people, should make farm wives stop and think next time they plan dinner. The

more that farmers consume of each other's crops, the more they all benefit.

SltOiXtteal gam SI

Since 1919, the U. S. has been eating

canned peaches at the average rate of 3.0 lbs. per person annually. The CANNED PEACHES ARE GOOD FOR YOU

figure lbs. for was 2.6 1938, when the contain itself. Peaches the tip meal peaches Serve canned Health harvested of clingstones tonnage of calcium, quantities presmall dessert.: Their soft, often for

totalled 277,000 tons, 235,000 tons cooked fibre is easy to digest. phosphorus and iron; also of vigoing to canneries. The quantity of Their high sugar content suptamins A, B, and C. And canned

freestones canned is also increasing. plies the body with quick energy peaches help produce an alkaline

and aids in proper digestion of reaction in the system. r

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1940

SOLUTION OF FEBRUARY PUZZLE A Watchman's Warning (Ezek. 3:16,17)

Y 5"6 7 8 \1 10 II H N N o P- A O J3 < \& M "R N H 17 \<i R -R T V R 20 2/ 23 2V T N N D A -R 26 2? Zi A?

O -P A N T> o K A 32 S3 3H D THOU NOT NO. Tlb

37 3* 3? HO HI Hi H3/MWMMAMWMWAWA!

H-H Y5 % HI H ewij So SI Si S3 onvenien t!I

56 $7 S9 toJt'*3nexpen&we!

WHAT? IT ACROSSCO.

.".. I not hear "yet will 42 1 Watchman""The InexConvenient, Our New,..."the wines on "a feast of 44 round Twist 7 Binder pensive readymade... shall that "... have "that ye may thus saith the Lord God"46 11

for keeping your IMPROVE13 "the spirit entered... me"escape the sword"

ire (anag.) of art Illinois; (anag.) store Gad; 48 Son of City 15 readily accesERAS MENT

21: place chief 28 of ears"thine MoabNum.. with 49 "and 17 A of sible with minimum a."

.. givest not.. thou of "and him unto. house.speak. 50 18 "go

trouble. Israel"53 "will I require... thine hand"

19 "the... of the Lord came unto 54 Pertaining to a citizen

durable, are These binders Tell 55 me"attractive, Each 56 the spirit took me..."and so that 20 "then made

.. - also will I turn face of transportation "my 57 21 Means issues can whole year's be a

to caused them""he me 23 'kept, issue conveniently by... ".. unto hearken "they of will not. the end 25 seven... thatdays"roll"59

issue, ready for immediate 27 "and I fell on... face"60 A Benjamite; reversed, a state

reference. 28 "So I opened my..."61 Young hogs

32 Son of Caleb 1 Chron. 4: 15 62 Snarlers

And the price is only $1.25 34 God in Hebrew names

is 18,. Ezekiel 11, 17, Text from Our end "the come"per binder! 35

42, 50, 27, 28, 57, 19, talk to thee"25, 37, 39, I will.. there. "... 37

... every man accordand 59 combined See them in our display win39 "even to

dow, No. 8, South Main ing to his ways"

Street, or call at 29 Richards DOWN

Street, for full particulars. He took up the argument with Job 30 Consecrated to sacred uses; citeafter the three friends ceased hair (anag.)

Girl's name 31 "death is come up into our winRavines dows, and is entered into our

Jhe ThatFormerlyis 33 River in England

Oblivion 36 "I gave my back to the..."

Jeremiah; an heir (anag.) Stomach of an animal oDederet r lewd ReplyMilk pail (Dial. Eng.) 38 Father of Baruch the helper of 40 Israel

10 "And thou shalt speak my... 41 Turkish title

unto them"43... cried also in mine ears with

... 12 Roar, as a boar a loud voice"p.redd 14 Genus of insects; pane (anag.) 45 the race is not to the..., nor

29 Richards Street 16 "... of the stranger that sojournthe battle to the strong"

Salt Lake City, Utah 22 Primlyeth inproperIsrael"47 Hast thou found me, O mine

Prompt Attention Given to 24 A interpretedpart of theto imagethe kingthat Daniel 5152 NarrowLand measurevalley

Mail Orders and Inquiries 26 Flood 58 Bone?9 In the month preceding

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 19 40

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS (Concluded from page 161) The hundreds of revisions made lation in German or French with one by the Prophet Joseph Smith, some in of peculiar English. genius The extensive of them and exhaustive, Clean permits often a clearerone language are enlightening. very Note the

original meaning. of theexpression following as lesser examples: Genyears In recent new many translaesis version, says, white meat 3:8, King James'

tions English Bible into have of the voice heard the of the Lord "They in natural juices chiefly text the to render made,been in the the Garden"; God walking

in modern, colloquial language, inspired version reads, "They heard sought, primarothersthough have the voice of the as they Lord God, ily, rendering the correspond to make in 2... That's Pioneer the walking were Garden";

more exactly with the text. These Samuel 24:16, King James'version, Minced Sea Clams!

modern translators have had at their says, "The Lord repented him of They come from a clean, for comparison many morecommand that said to the the angel evil, and white North Pacific Beach,manuscripts than were possessed by It people, the destroyed is enough, the translators in 1611. Each such stay now thy hand"; the inspired where icy breakers tumble...

translation has contributed someversion reads, "For the people rechoice razor clams... their

thing towards our fuller understandpented, and the Lord stayed the hand stimulating flavor securely ing of for the Bible; example, King of the angel"; 10:27, King Exodus

shall says, "Else versionJames'what version, the James'says, "But Lord sealed inside each can.

they do which are baptized for the hardened Pharaoh's heart"; the indead if the dead rise not at all? Why spired version reads, "But Pharaoh

are they then baptized for the dead?"hardened his heart"; Luke 9:24,

The Smith and Goodspeed translaKing James'version says, "Fortion makes the thought clearer, whosoever will save his life shall Chowder "Otherwise what do people mean by lose it; but whosoever will lose hishaving themselves baptized on behalf life for my sake, the same shall save has a new

of the dead? If the dead do not rise it"; the inspired version reads, "For

they do life,at all, why his have themselves whosoever will save must be meaning.. their behalf?"baptized on it for willing to lose sake; and my

However, none of these translawhosoever will be willing to lose his tions surpass the King James'verlife for my sake, the same shall save when you follow the recipe sion of the English Bible in beauty it. printed on each can of this

of language and spiritual connotaLatter-day Saints believe that the delicious sea food! Tempt

tion, in faithful adherprobably and protecting of has hand the Lord been with its appetite your

It available to text to them. theence in the Bible, over the whether anflavor. sparkling

is this version is used which by the in original cient manuscript or copies

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday of the earliest documents. Modern

Saints in all of its official work both scholarship and modern revelation literatureat and abroad. home The clarified difficult erroneous have and

invariably refers toof the Church passages. the Bible to be Appetites came How

the King James'translation. Other is unimportant compared with what

translations are used by the Church it says. The real message of the needcoaxing?

only to help explain obscure pasBible has been preserved, unimpairsages in the authorized version. ed, and is confirmed by every new

This translation is recommended to translation. That message continues

fever dulls spring the Whenobtain an

.. appetite edge. that's of scriptures.Hebrew acquaintanceship with the to be the greatest ever given—/. toAman.W. the for time Pioneer Minced

Sea Clams. There's a tonic

tang to this choice sea food TEiEFACT HE CONSUMER'S BREAD DOLLAR us. a. that makes mouths water

55.4p for more!

19.3c

133c >mce 1894

7.2<t 3 6c J.2c PIONEER,<LC SEA CLAMS

MIUER MIDDLEMAN TRANSPORT Al*iafARMER WHOIESAIE

MARKFTING BAKER RETAIl GROCER Hem

EACH COIN REPRESENTS 1 CENT Science ServicePictorial Statistics, Inc. 9-29

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY PREACHING VERSUS PRACTISING daylight in broad did run you Judge: down this man "Why

is incorrectly leave for let. often person a used To Leave stretch straight of road?"on a perfectly

solitude; in leaving alone him, to depart from him means totally almost honor, windshield Prisoner: was "Your my

let to or to to desist teasing alone from him him means safetyfirst stickers."with have obscured

nothing to do with him. Both "leave me be"and "leave go

of"are incorrect. ON GUARD

Mistress: "Mary, when you wait at table tonight for my

CONCERNING OLD MANUSCRIPTS AND guests,Maid:please"I havedon't nothingwear anyvaluable,jewelry."ma'am, but I thank you LOST AUTHORS for the warning."

fortytwo the than more course of our Pouring of publication years has there been accumuTOO TRUE lated in our files much manuscript material which, "What are you children playing?"asked mother one day.

because it has become outdated, or for some other "We're playing church,"replied Jackie.

cause, has never found its way into print. in "Howchurch."nice!"said mother; "but worshipers shouldn't whisper

manuscripts or such have no name Many address "We know that, mother,"said Jackie, "but we're the choir."

are authors them, because the unknown, and on use or return them. to unable are we COULDN'T UNDERSTAND

If time submitted a manuscript have at any you to the Eva which has not been published, returned, Mother: "No, Jimmie, for the third time I tell you that you

dessert."have any more it that is possible or otherwise an cannot acknowledged,

right, I don't "All see but where dad gets the idea Jimmie:

title, the subject, the inquiry giving the from you, that mind."changing you're your always

probable length, and approximate date of sending, to identify help us would these now unidentified LITTLE, BUT OH, MY manuscripts. useless therefore and

in?""Is the of the boss house ediAgent: of or essays ten brief one sheaf We have he's upstairs in his cradle."asleep "Yes; Proud Father:

torials, these legalsize paper, typewritten on on subjects: Opinion; Superior True The Man; The

Prayerful Spirits Three; Greater THEY REALLY DO Man; The The

Humility; In the Meantime; The True Forgiveness; "I turned the way I signaled,"indignantly said the lady,

The Known God; The Higher Honesty; The after the crash.

Worthy Ritual. "I know it,"sadly said the man. "That's what fooled me."

We should like to know who the author is. PROOF

specific publish other information conWe may studio for a sitting. called at a photographer The A woman unidentified cerning time to time. manuscripts from

for the promised following proofs and two negatives made

In submitting manuscripts to The Improvement day. The next day her husband called for the proofs, but the

Era kindly see that your name and address are typephotographer showed him only one. The husband said: "My

written on the manuscript itself, and that postage understanding was that there were to be two proofs."

and full instructions for its return accompany "I did make two sittings of your wife,"said the photographer, each item submitted. "but in one she held her lips apart and showed the end of her

tongue.""My goodness!"gasped her husband. "Let me see that

one. I didn't know there was an end to it."

Virginia, Minnesota Dear Brethren: SHREWD JIMMY

T!he Improvement Era has been in our homes for a good Jim: "Granny, do your specs magnify?"

many years but never did either of us realize the true Granny: "Oh, yes, they magnify a little."

value of it until we came into the mission field. Jim: "Ah, well, would you mind taking them off when you

to like express to opportunity take this And now we should cut my next piece of cake?"

to appreciation splendid our magazine, thank and for such a everyone for his contribution to it, especially for "Evidences #- and Reconciliations,"and also the present articles that are Telephone operator: "It costs seventyfive cents to talk to

being prepared by Brother Milton R. Hunter. They are very Springville."

helpful to the missionaries. Contractor: "Can't you make a special rate for just listenSincerely, ing? I want to call my wife."

Elders Ralph E. Johansen and Edward D. Christensen.

DIAGNOSED THE ERA IN EVERY HOME IN LOVELL WARD Young man: "Oh, doctor, I feel awful. Can't eat, can't

golf, sleep, can't concentrate work's on and a nightmare. my this in the family records year, 144 families show ward

prescribe?"Our do you What last year, a decrease from placed have but anyway we

it girl to the Doctor: over.""Propose and get the three In cases several in every home. and have two we Era

in living families the or on one home same farm, so there is SPICY TROOPS will subscriptions. still a chance get a few more we

Belated congratulations to President Grant on his 83rd Little Boy (reading item from China): "What does it mean

birthday. Accept this as a birthday present. here by 'seasoned'troops, father?"

Bishop Frank H. Brown Parent: "Mustered by the officers and peppered by the

Lovell, Wyoming. enemy."

Hill

1 1 i \ 1 fi

b U

|N the closing hours of each Sunday evening, radio station KSL contributes a series standing guest choruses or orchestral groups of the Interof programs in fitting close mountain West. Eleven o'clock brings you the KSL Conto the Sabbath. This is a cert Orchestra in a program of "Music That Endures,"

time devoted to the pure lisfamiliar and light classics which are favorites the world tening enjoyment of those over. At I 1:30, a final half hour captures the restful charm who welcome quiet moments as one week ends and of "Sunday Evening on Temple Square,"the majestic

another begins. beauty of the Tabernacle Organ enhanced by instrumental

Tune in these Sunday nights. and vocal guests of renown.

At 10:30 you will hear thirty Inviting you to its Sunday finale, KSL offers another of its

minutes of beautiful music manysided program services that bring you dayin, daysung and played by outout entertainment for your listening pleasure.

50,000 WATTS a

:mM * 1

0?- '''

ffP%g Sailing through life is an adventure as gloriJW ous and as hazardous, as sailing the "bound-

-:: - "JrKmM ing main."And one of

the best ways of guaranteeing the goal you wish to reach—and the

safety you want to give is// your loved ones—

through a well planned and executed life insurance program) Let us:.; i'::"v /:?'-'''help you keep your affairs "shipshape"at all

times. See a Beneficial

Life Insurance Agent!

>-'-*'.'":>."V..'-'

s ram e Heber J. Grant, Pres. HiSalt Lake City. Utah