IMPROVEMENT

MAY 1952

ELDER LeGRAND RICHARDS

I

During 1951, volume of gas sold increased about 10 per cent.

Substantial progress was made in expanding the gas supply. As a

result, we were able to furnish gas for residential space heating purposes to 6,000 new users. In February 1952, a gas sand was

discovered below present production in the Hiawatha field. Further

development drilling may prove this new reservoir to be of such importance as to warrant the construction of additional transmission facilities, thus enabling us to satisfy, at least in part, the demand for gas service. Not only are we continuing our search

for gas, but we stand ready to purchase gas from any source within economic distance of our market should discovery be made by

others.

As of January 1, 1952, we were serving 88,853 natural gas custo- '-'4 * mers, compared to 82,207 on the same date in 1951—an increase of

6,646 customers. This increase was made up of the normal addiJf,-: - - <

tion of customers for unrestricted uses and the extension of residential space heating service to an additional 6,000 homes during the year, some of which were already using gas for other purposes.

What's new in Cookies?

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

A bout onethird of the thousands of dice found in the excavations at

Herculaneum, Italy, destroyed by the eruption of Vesuvius 79 A.D. were

"loaded."Asa result of a new treatment for 'wool developed at the National

Bureau of Standards, moths will die of starvation because the treated wool gives them indigestion.

cookies or "Drofessor F. W. Went has reported

some of the investigations on the climate. to aresponse of plants With moTe in every box!

the it has found thattomato plant been night temperature controls the rate of stem growth, which with young seedlings is greatest for about 79 F. to 86 F.

As the plants get older, the best DELICIOUS'temperature is in the neighborhood of Crunchy... cinna55 F. to 64 F., depending on the monflavored. Loaded COLORFUL!

set fruitvariety. rules the For same h with d gaily - 68 F.hold, the In, being near ECONOMICAL! optimum Dutter ana d rresnteh'L'eggs. cinnamon Spri orecjkle b"n

contrast English daisy the only grows red, yellow, candies—co are cool the daysand flowers when every purple. white, green, 50 cookiesbox—or Snookiesmore in

and the nights are 46 F. to 55 F., with cost only about 10c a

the best flowering at the lower night dozen!

temperature. The African violet flowers

and grows best at temperatures higher than tomatoes.

Tt has been found that the long bones 'of the body, such as in the arms and legs, are on the average twice as strong as a piece of hickory the same size.

Tnfrared photographs can distinguish 'between types of trees since coniferous trees appear dark while deciduous trees whose leaves fall off at the end of the season generally appear light. Water

absorbs infrared light strongly so that aerial photographs show shorelines clearly. Underwater vegetation can be

identified since seaweed beds near the surface show by virtue of their high Try Snookies—

reflection of infrared.

Purity's newest cookies- "P he British astrophysicist Fred Hoyle that has estimated according to his next time you shop theories there are more than a million stars in the Milky Way which "possess planets on which you might live without undue discomfort."The earth is PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY

a member of the galaxy of the Milky SALT LAKE POCATELLO PHOENIX

Way.

MAY 1952 297 WHAT'S RIGHT WITH THE WORLD

'T'he age of electronics has, within the By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

lifetime of a single generation, proHead of Political Science Department, jected much of "the world"into our University of Utah living rooms. We rise in the morning

and go to work to the staccato tunes of war in Korea, tornadoes in Arkansas, disaster in Texas, crime elsewhere, Very little notoriety is given this quocrisis in the United Nations, charges tation in ordinary channels of comHow to Pray and andand counterchargeslocal capitals. fromThe internationalmore sordid munication.commodities Amongin the themodernbest advertisedpolitical

corcrime, three "c's"of the exin grotesque world are elements human

Little wonder ruption, Stay Awake perienceand other for our vie with communism. each and

B. Skousen by Max

is a volume that helps attention. Relief from sounds of crisis, if the political world goes to pot, unless Here

you to discover the real secret from impending sense of disasters to we bring forth positive remedies. Where

of its true prayer and know It significance. stimulates you come, seems available to most men only else is the emphasis to come from on

to advance whether own, on your in you're praying church $J 75 in appeals to buy this or that. Thus such topics as the love of God and at home,

or in public. A choice bookl appears one phase of the environment fellow man, why be honest, why beautify

and of the condition of man. your surroundings, why speak to your

why not do more, neighbors—indeed,

speak kindly? PRICELESS FOR lesslyTo absorbor as avicariouslymatter of allcourse;this thoughtto have

YOUR RECORDS these cries brought to our senses by the President David O. McKay has calhighest paid talent, in concentrated culated that during the first twelve years,

doses, aided and abetted by what the a child spends 416 hours in Sunday "best"social psychology School, 3,200 hours in reveals concerning our day school, and 52,000 gullibility (all too often, hours in the home—126

alas!), in addition to times as many hours in

having to face our own the home as in Church.

problems, is part of the (October Conference Reordeal of this generation. port, 1951, p. 10.) Into We cannot be content, so *4L** the home pours the din

to speak, with our own of modern times; the

problems alone. Elecatmosphere we must detronic marvels and actermine for good.

quisitive man have more or less forced Let us speak up, at home, everywhere,

is right world! with the We

these always should columns TEMPLE problemsus to be ofconcernedmankind.with the ills and whofor whatread

of being a handicap, howremember with Browning that God's RECORD BINDER Instead us, afford this this like newly ever, circumstance You'll may if all in his is not right heaven. Even

improved designed and greatest rest our of mankind, and the reported ("as for from the genealogworld your with binder ical forms. Handy, easy opportunity. Out of this welter of Tokyo, New Delhi, or Samarkand"), Gold post binders. to use

temple to embossed stimulations and confusions, on $300 are hillsides, everywhere, make the still dewor brown black durable major is right prevail becomes the what at regularly pearled, L.D.S. leatherette. dewpearled Every and

home should have one. task of the Dispensation of the Fulness that! God being in heaven and hillof Times. Indeed, the louder the tursides'dewpearled, we should remember

to flounder left alone gospel Sunlight and moillarger orourtheopportunitygreater thebecomes.hysteria, the thatin theirmen ownare notmistakes. The

Shadows Sometimes, bombarded by continuous here. The power of God, said Paul,is

Compiled by Albert L. Zobell, Jr. din, it would seem that everything is is unto salvation; not unto calamity and

favorite This Now available! rewrong in the world and worsening, to disaster. So, the power to act for good, been pocketsize book has

printed by popular demand.

philosophy, a poems andIt's gem for scriptural quotations. Helpful for $]00 toboot.captureThisandmaycontrolbe a ourdevilishown witstrickby menfor mutualrequireimprovement,warnings constantly,is here! True,from

conducting or speaking at the device of discouragement in the face all sides. But, too, "... men are, that funerals.

of impossible odds. Rather, we should they might have joy."(II Nephi 2:25.)

Storyettes extract from the day's "news"as transWhat's right with the world? Much

strife, us, of to patches mitted only such forget. that never should Maybe we Jr. L. Zobell, Compiled by Albert

failure, misery, as will keep us and right, that's principal of things the wellone bits of For choice truth and wisdom you mustto getinspirea copyyour of talks,this reminded that "life is real."Then we peculiar though it may sound, is the

fortify ourselves the knowlwith It's a companion book. new of what's wrong, thrust upon knowledge vol- $po should

to Storyteller's Scrapbook ume right in edge of the what's world gatherers and us and commentators by news and Sermons. Minute

with ourselves and set out with courage the world around! What is right with

to resolve the day's issues on that side this? Perhaps the fact that some of us

of the ledger. The Christian message, with surplus energy (and all of us, with

long or shortrun, is largely meaningless our unused latent powers for good), Bookcraft unless we accept the Master's dictum have targets, readymade for the work South 1186 Main that evil "overcome we can forbetter! with good."of the world making Not City, Salt Lake Utah

it let's this, is right at that. getting with the world? not leave What

298 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Let's rediscover the ancient values in man's nature and experience; and let's

use the age of electronics, when every man lives in a combination "glasshouse,"on "the housetops,"and in Western "cities that cannot be hid,"to increase what's right with the world.

light candle, "Neither a and do men Families, bushel, a a candleit underput but on stick."(Matt. 5:15.) Let's all get some

electronic candlesticks, if necessary, and procure some real spiritual fire to keep Get Your them burning bright in our small corners. Thus may the world be filled

with light in these times. Free

TO GREET THE DAY

by Leone T. Homer

fresh, clear, is born—aAnewshiningday day, with twentyfour

unused hours in which to work and play—in which to grow and

climb—in which to laugh or cry.

It is my day to use as I will. God

gave it to me clothed in sunshine, radiantopportunity—andwith promise,I willabundantgreet withyou,

dear new day, with smiles and eagerness and thanksgiving, for you are like other days that have brought me so much of life's great gifts.

You must be like the day when God placed Adam and Eve in the garden, and you are like the day when Christ was born in the lowly manger in Bethlehem. And you are

like the day Columbus and his band set foot on this new land; and like

the lovely morn when the boy, JoFrom Any Prudential Agent seph, went into the grove to pray for guidance. Now it's easy to keep accurate medical records

And you are like the day my for yourself and your children. To keep

mother first held me in her arms yours up to date get the 24page Health Passport said, tinyand girl, oh, you "My offered as a public service by any Prudential will bring joy."much me

Agent. There is no obligation. Oh, day—my day, I will make of

you a shining, beautiful jewel. I With the Health Passport you can have the

will adorn you with the sparkle of answers to questions Doctors ask—a permanent

laughter. I will perfume you with lifetime history of inoculations, vaccinations,

the essence of kindness. I will enblood type, food and drug allergies, illnesses,

liven you with ambition, vision, and foresight. Yet I approach you with dental, medical and surgical treatments and other

tenderness, gratitude, and humility important facts. It helps your doctor to

and thank your Maker and mine help you and your family.

for my wonderful heritage, for the strength of sturdy forefathers, for bounteous, yielding earth, for freedom and liberty and government The PRUDENTIAL and a flag that inspires and leads INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA me. A MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY

Thank God for this new day. WESTERN HOME OFFICE, LOS ANGELES, CALIF.

MAY 1952 299 LJmclai Lvr'raan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, fa IMPROVEMENT TIONS,MUTUALDEPARTMENTIMPROVEMENTOFASSOCIAEDUCA-

TION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF "THETRSTVOICE OF THE CHURCH"

Jke Lhurcn or

of cJLatterdau Jalnte n*J n*J n> VOLUME 55 NUMBER 5 m 1952

Editors: DAVID 0. McKAY - JOHN A. WIDTSOE - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Manuscript Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT - Research Editor: ALBERT L.

JR. - "Today's Family"ZOBELL,

Editors: Contributing F. BENNETTEditor: -BURLG. HOMERSHEPHERDDURHAM Jke L-cover ARCHIBALD

FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. - HUGH NIBLEY - LEE A. PALMER

CLAUDE Genera/ Manager: ELBERT R.B. CURTISPETERSEN- -AssociateSIDNEY Manager:B. SPERRYBERTHA S. REEDER Elder LeGrand Richards, Presiding

Business Manager: JOHN D. GILES - Advertising Director: VERL F. SCOTT Bishop of the Church from April 1938 to

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR April 1952, is featured on this month's

cover. This photograph, selected some

weeks ago for use on the cover of a later issue, is the work of Boyart Studios. The

The Editor's Page appointment of Elder Richards to the

Our Strength and Our Weaknesses David O* McKay 309 Council of the Twelve prompted an earlier use of the picture.

Church Features Evidences and Reconciliations: What Are the Educational Attain*

ments of the Latterday Saints—CLXV John A. Widtsoe 310

In Conference Assembled Marba C. Josephson 312

The World of the Jaredites—IX Hugh Nibley 316 EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES

What Price Liberty?—Genealogy Ivie H. Jones 336 50 North Main Street

M. I. A. Activities Increase in Tempo 338 Y.M.M.I.A. Offices, 50 North Main St. Ward Teaching—An Important Calling...David O. McKay 356 Y.W.M.I.A. Offices, 40 North Main St.

The Church Moves On 304 Henry J. Nicholes 355 Salt Lake City 1, Utah Melchizedek Priesthood 354 Presiding Bishopric's Page, Ward

Important CallColumn, NoLiquor-Tobacco ToTeaching—An

Cancer, bacco Smoking and ing, David O. McKay 356 tionCopyrightof the1952Youngby MutualMen's Funds,MutualInc.,Improvementa CorporaAssociation of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Special Features scriptionLatterdayprice,Saints.$2.50 Alla year,rightsin advance;reserved. foreignSubin advance; 25c subscriptions, $3.00 a year, the Strong Fairly 315 Playing Leon M. Game

single copy.

I Miller S* 319 Can What Do to Give My Child Good Teeth?....Carlyle

City, Utah, Salt Office, Post Lake at the Entered Sentinel Singer E. Lonely O. mailing for matter. Acceptance secondclass 320 as

Portrait of Grandma May Shipp Bruce 322 at special rate of postage provided for in section

Through the Eyes of Youth—Dull Stuff? Golda Faucette 325 1918.1103, Act of October 1917, authorized July 2,

Smith 326 in Irrigation Systems Improvements Justin M.

.Madoline Pioneer Party C, Dixon 331 ThesolicitedImprovementmanuscripts,Era butis notwelcomesresponsiblecontributions.for unThe Spoken Word from Temple Square All manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient

Richard L> Evans 311, 344, 348, 352 postage for delivery and return.

Column) Tobacco Smoking and Cancer—(see NoLiquor*Tobacco Nicholes 355 Change of Address Henry J*

for notice of adrequired change days'Universe, Franklin the Greet the Day, Leone T. Exploring To

include please ordering a change, Fifteen When 297 S. Harris, Jr. Homer issue slip of the magazine. a recent from 299 addressdress.

the 334 Right Bookrack unless the old These With On changes cannot be made Address Times—What's

is included. well as one address as the new 376 Durham..298 Your Page and Ours the World? G. Homer

Today's Family Maturity, A. D. in the Living Room, Rex A. Skidmore Color 368 National Advertising Representatives

- CarouselSlanted! 364 Louise Price MacEwen

Five Important Minerals 366 Bell 370

S. Snapshot Wheat Can Do COMPANY Germ Makes It Better..371 TOWNSEND EDWARD Scheme—You

Building Russ It! Billee 366 372 Handy Hints Thomas Peel

Francisco, California San ies, Poetry EDWARDHENRYS. TOWNSENDG. ESCHEN,COMPANY

Palette and Clay Joyce Knudsen 314 Los 1324AngelesWilshire17, CaliforniaBlvd.

321 Walters Among Many Leora One ASSOCIATES SANGSTON SADLER AND Elsa Pedersen Sabine's Victory 328 342 Madison Ave.

Foxtail..Eugene Olsen 333 New York 17, N. Y.

H. 308 Poetry RAY DAVIS Page Outstretched Elizabeth Wings,

St. LaSalle H. 30 N. S. Postscript, 318 H. Dewhurst

Illinois deBlaquiere—..336 Chicago, Scott Virginia 324 Things, Miner Two

You, Lael I Have Known W. HilL.353 Pioneer Enola ChamberMother,

lin 330 Easy Does It, May Richstone 365 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

300 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the only rubberbase paint

you can buy in...FULCOLOR

X $ ryouwant

Nowall the hundreds colors"Indeed, inFullerrubberbaseIS "headquarterspaint. Not forfor

of colors in the famous just a few popular colors, but for all the colors you could ever need to

Fuller Jewel Case. And decorate your home—pastels, middle

tones and smart deep colors! Hunonly FulColor has them all! dreds! Only FulColor has them all!

FULLR

PAINTS * FULCOLOR W,'.P. FULLER & CO. * t/WBl CttSB

Tkei/ 06$ FULCOLOR goes on walls and woodwork so MostN0WC0L0RSFuller PaintMIXEDStoresATnowTHE canSTORE!mix

easily anyone can use it any color you want, ready for use.

Dealers without mixers can arrange

Everything about FulColor is easy. to get your colors within 24 hours!

It goes on plaster, wallpaper, wallboard and woodwork fast and smooth.

Dries to touch in 30 minutes, with no painty odor. Use your room again

in one hour! After painting, there's no

messy cleanup. Just rinse brush or

roller under the faucet—in minutes. GET THIS HELPFUL FOLDER—FREE

FulColor washes without loss of color swatchesPut yourinchosenthis pursesizeJewel CaseColor colorPlan color See your whole schemeSmall children? Don't worry! Fulfolder.

paint. with shop buy before you Then

Color seals itself against dirt. Finger your folder to check fabric colors beprints wash off in a wink—again and fore you buy. Save time. Save error.

again. Even deep colors wash clean

without looking scrubbed or discolored. Revolutionary? Definitely! There's a Fuller Paint Dealer near youu-

:':....:::;.\\\yy\ A YOUNG MISSIONARY

SPEAKS by Leland M. Stratford, Jr.

life I have atDuring my short tended my Church meetings regularly and have been active in youth programs. Attending Sunday School every week was a joy.

But did I go to these Sunday morning meetings for spiritual learning or was it to associate with my "buddies"? Mutual was the most fun of

all. I didn't progress in Scout work

as I might have progressed, had 1 applied myself, but I was able to stay up later one night a week and attend the dances when they were held. Ward teaching was just another night to be out. Being a

teacher then, I was not expected to do much preaching. Of course,

BERT", the Budgie Bird our teachers'quorum received the

Standard Award, and I an individual one; but were we actually

getting our maximum spiritual edu-. JL/LjlcJl f cation from these activities?

My childhood and adolescent life are parents My California. I of RYLOCK... the finest, tightest framewerenativesaboutof Utah,average.and

less tension window screen of them all, I was born and reared in the

Church. Before going on a misactually costs less than oldfashioned sion, I never once completely read

my Book of Mormon or Bible. After

wood frame screens. arriving in the mission field, however, my testimony was strengthened

With patented fingertip control for inmany times. The Lord has blessed

me with understanding, and through stant opening and closing, with nothing study and prayer my knowledge has on the sill to catch dirt, and with never increased. Having come to the

realization of the importance and a rust stain on your house and no mainnecessity of holding membership in the Church, I wish to direct my tenance ever, RYLOCKs are truly easier thoughts to the youth of our

Church. to live with. I believe that the young people

who have been born under the "new and everlasting covenant"are not

RYLOCKs are sold by leading lumber, building material as "well off"as they may think. We

and hardware dealers throughout the west. have been given a great responsibility, and I wonder whether we will

prove ourselves worthy?

Not long ago my companion received a letter from a girl who wast attending a university in Utah. As &$i*r'6Jm fflk* a youngster she had lived in a town

near Salt Lake City. Having graduated from a high school in a midwestern state, she returned to her Screens native state to enjoy the influence of IlflMeL

RYLOCK CO. LTD., 2485 Washington Avenue, San leondro, California the Church while attending college.

thirtyseven sold in the tinder license and RYLOCK Manufactured of at the number eastern states She was amazed nameDurall". trade the Cloth Co. under Wire by the New York page 306) on (Concluded

302 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Offer that May Never be Repeated! A fii&UijmttthjBeadirW Qub

ThorndikeBarnhart BIBLE LIVING THE THE PRESIDENT'S LADY CREATIVE DECORATING HOME by Ballou Robert O. Irving Stone By Desk Dictionary Ed. By The Rockows

really comprehenRachel stories, Jackson histories A The in wonders your Work sive book. Contains nathe by of passages the this with huge home

ilentries,—insultedHowtion attacked 700 in by 80,000 and type big! Contains manual 500

pages. lustrations, overher enemies 900 Bible—setandfor easy reading. illustrations, full41—

all accurNewly-written, as came through odds appear Psalms color "demonstration ate. Recently featured poems, but the Great devotion to her husrooms,"completestepin Life. Publisher's Words are unchanged. band to lead him to bystep methods. Pubedition, $2.75. Pub. edition, $3.75. the Presidency! lisher's edition, $4.95.

OF THESE

GREAT NEW BOOKS

30TH ANNIVERSARY GREATEST BOOK EVER WRITTEN

DIGEST READER'S Oursler By Fulton of the than 100 Testament More READER f & fl WITHwire MIMSERSHtP The Old articles bestknown Eve, Adam, are invited of the three accept wonderful books you to any YES, printed in ever the of all the Story—ofMoses in this for shown the only page on membership with—$1.89,

Reader's Digest immortals Biblical Family distribute select books Reading to Club. on 1 1092:—and Founded

science, remedicine, the retold author by are interesting which worthwhile, being without entertaining and etc. ligion, cream Stoof Greatest The "The is just what in CluB the way, Reading Family objectionable any

ry the Ever world's PubTold."most of brings the you for! Club Read, below, looking how been have you J952

lisher's edition, $3.95. magazine! popular the prices. coupon finest at mail bargain Then the very books new

to join the Club and get the three books you want, without delay!

ENCYCLOPEDIA OF COOKING LOVERS'ENCYCLOPEDIA MUSIC HEALING TARA'S REPAIRS MADE EASY HOME

Given Taylor By Mela Edited Holt Giles by Deems Janice By Lee Frankl By that master book of The summaries to Contains Cochrane Dr. came that book guide A

thrilling a gives diction- a you operas, give hills to the 90 ready to do how you shows v ">p*s, to cookapproach musical new of 7000 ary even in medicine job repair up every ryf—

Contains ing of 2000 biographies in terms, life. found Includes he Then home. your I recipes,! of hundreds || "musicians. Over the 8500 people the easyto-follow simple 2,056

pages. pictures, 1700 pages. complete to strength faith 900 A and diagrams pictures, and

T drawings.edition, $6.95.Publisher's facelengetheof greatesthis lifechal-?"hjhf*'SPsr7'sourcelovers everywhere.book for music Originallyin two vols, atpublished$10.00.

MAIL NOW/ COUPON OFFER! THIS SENSATIONAL MAKE WEWHY

this Family Reading makes Books Club membership The "Bonus"Free with THE CHECK 3 YOU BOOKS WANT offer to demonstrate unusual memhow distributes a Club Reading Family The Dept. best in the CLUB, MINEOLA. the 5-ER, bership YORK FAMILY you Club READING NEW free four for Club each Book "Bonus"

at books enjoyable most much newbrings and will take. books These you the Please at send checked three once have books me Creative Home retail editions! publishers'the than excelof standards high the Club selectionsmeet first right the at as Gift IBooks and Membership two my they publishers Decorating books submit month lessEach interest, writing superior lence, and bill for delivery) selection, (plus only Club and me will believe Family the Reading meet can you subject matter—and wholesome all of enroll the Book three. as Greatest Also Family $1.89member The a me select then Editors standards. Club Our fine this at library build a way home up of review month, Reading a send me, Club each and Written Ever enthey most the can book recommend of extra expense. books purchase The no privilege I selection. the Club's the forthcoming have are thusiastically. books which These for $1.89 only each—inthe Club from if notifying Repairs in to I not accept wish advance you do Home can family every read—your of member retail publishers'regular the of stead selection, special alternate the offered—at ofany or book Easy older Made safely leave where books you can to $3.00 from of you (plus price $4.00—saves only postage of $1.89 and each members'if they wishchildren read can them accept. you each on book 50% 35%prices. Bible | i Living fees, The or are dues handling) There and membership no library in retained to your be home books of value the Bonus the whento And I selections alternates accept as as or four few may pride. with Given's Encyin, is save you can as Meta muchBooks will I the twelve during months. coming member, Asa You To Membership Means dollars! of as book What your figured60% of Cooking clopedia selecfree receive four with Club each Bonus a Book in is for membership charge There no tions I alternates or accept. Join Send Money—No Now cost the beyond Club Reading Family the Lovers'Music

will in NORISK If SPECIAL club a which GUARANTEE: believe book you only themselves. pay of books the You Encyclopedia I all If books not will in delighted. return of instincts finest every the to handling) (plus postage $1.89 each and

canceled. this will 7 be let days family, introduce and membership us your of appealmember after reading for President's books the purchase The you

Family Club Reading to you will the NOW, review which the magazine book Mr. Lady jrour of choice get is while can It you ANY not month. your to each come home Mrs described wonderful books of the Digest Reader's every to purchase book THREE a print) Miss (Please

your he'-e Membership as four two as as few accept necessarymonth—you may Reader No.. Street and FREEfirst selection your as Gift, one Club All—and membership. to retain year each your

just $1.89! money, Send Healing no for Tara's only—wellselections are complete, new,

this as today. However, the coupon mail State....Zone your City books printed wellbound. and And ThorndikeBarnhart at withdrawn be any unusual the may delivered door to your by be.: if 21 St. in price Toronto 105 Age, Canada Bond Same f Dictionary Desk to mail the coupon offerurge time, you we read! NOW to willpostman—ready TJ. 21 1 Offer the S. A. in Under good only and Canada.!

FAMILY READING CLUB M1NEOLA, NEW YORK

MAY 1952 303 A

THE CHURCH MOVES ON

Shoshone Ward, Blaine Stake, crewith Elders Ernest Morgan Skinner

Mareh 1952 ated from Shoshone Branch, with Elder and Kenneth A. Christensen. President

Clarissa A. Beesley received the William Francis Stimpson sustained as Andreasen was the second counselor in

5 first fiftyyear service pin awarded bishop. the retiring stake presidency, succeedby the Young Women's Mutual ImSouth Harvard Ward, Liberty (Salt ing President Milton F. Hartvigson. The

provement Association. Her work beLake City) Stake, created from portions retiring first counselor is Elder Alvin

gan in 1896 in the Salt Lake City of the Harvard Ward, with Elder W. B. K. Lechtenberg.

Sixteenth Ward. She held a host of Mendenhall as bishop. Bountiful Seventh Ward, South Davis

M. I. A. positions in her halfcentury Downey First and Second wards, (Utah) Stake created from portions of

of service, including stake secretary and South Los Angeles (California) Stake, Bountiful Fourth Ward, with Elder stake Mutual president, general board formed from Downey Ward. Elder Sterling E. Beesley sustained as bishop.

member, general secretary, second Fred G. Beebe sustained as bishop of Elder Calvin P. Christensen was suscounselor in the Mutual general presithe First Ward, and Elder William E. tained as bishop of the Fourth Ward,

dency, and executive secretary. Her Pierce, retiring bishop of the Downey succeeding Bishop R. V. Ord.

pen has been well used as a writer of Ward, sustained as bishop of the SecPleasant Green Ward, Oquirrh manuals and as associate editor of the ond Ward. (Utah) Stake, made into Pleasant Green

Young Woman's Journal. Her extenPresident Bruce R. McConkie of the First and Second wards. Elder Wallace

sive travels in behalf of the Mutual First Council of the Seventy dedicated S. Sadler sustained as bishop of the First

have carried her into all parts of the the chapel of the Dingle Ward, MontWard, and Elder Ernest Daybell, retirUnited States and to Canada, Mexico, pelier (Idaho) Stake. ing bishop of the parent ward, sustained

and Europe. Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin of the bishop of the Second Ward.

Presiding Bishopric dedicated the chapel bronze plaque The for the monuof the Lund Ward, Nevada Stake. i-*- H'Thisand daytenthmarkedanniversarythe one hundredof the 7 ment on the Farm, Peter Whitmer

Fayette Township, Seneca County, New -| -j A New York Times survey disfounding of the Relief Society in the

York, the site of the organization of the * -*- closed that the Church of Jesus Church, and appropriate services by that

Church, was shipped from Salt Lake Christ of Latterday Saints had increased organization were held in the wards

City. M Men and Gleaners of the its membership in the twentyfour year and branches throughout this week.

FifthProvo this project. began Ward period 1926 from 105 perto 1950 by President Richards Stephen n L q cent. National increase average of ** * of dedicated the chapel Elder Ezra Taft of the Benson

church membership was 59.8 percent. raine and Ridgedale wards, Grant (Salt 8 Council of the Twelve dedicated the Lorthe Palo Alto (California) Stake Church Protestantism showed increases totalLake City) Stake.

welfare storehouse and cannery. ing 63.7 percent; Roman Catholicism, President Joseph Fielding Smith of the

53.9 percent; and Judaism, 22.5 perCouncil of the Twelve dedicated the

9 Goodingportions ofStakethe Blaineorganized(Idaho)from cent. chapel(Utah)ofStake.the Lindon Ward, Timpanogos

Stake, with President Lee, Ross C. to Morris, Assistant Elder George Q.

his counselors P. Elders Gail Henderdelivered a of the and -tJ- r"Theplans Firstfor thePresidencyconstructionannouncedof a new the Twelve, Council

in Ogden,son and sustained. Dixon Ray The new tabernacle entitled address Utah, to be used radio "America—

stakes. by the Ogdenarea isstake of First, composed the Jerome netthe nationwide Choice Land"over

Jerome Second, Wendell, Gooding, Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the work of the National Broadcasting ComHagerman, and Fairfield wards. It has a Council of the Twelve dedicated the pany.

membership of approximately 3,300. chapel of the Victory Acres Branch, for Bountiful Stake formed from portions

This is the 192nd stake now functioning the Spanishspeaking members of the of the South Davis (Utah) Stake, with in the Church. Maricopa (Arizona) Stake. Elder T. Amby Briggs as president, and

Remaining in the Blaine Stake, under Elders Horace P. Beesley and M. Ross

leadershipthe of D. President Waldo in the as counselors. Richards Wards

*- Benson counselors, and his Elders First, Secare the Bountiful J. stake j "f* catedPresidentthe chapelDavid O.of McKaythe Overtondedinew

Murray Rawson and Ward B. Rawson, Ward, Moapa (Nevada) Stake. ond, Third, Fifth, Sixth, and West

are the Carey, Richfield, Hailey, and Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the CounBountiful wards. President Briggs was

Shoshone wards, and the Sun Valley, cil of the Twelve dedicated the chapel released as president of the South Davis

Lone Star, and Dietrich branches. It of the Mesa Sixth and Tenth wards, Stake. Elder Beesley was serving as

has a membership of approximately Maricopa (Arizona) Stake. second counselor in that stake presi-

2,200. Released from the presidency of Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the Coundency. Bountiful Stake, the 193rd such

the old Blaine Stake were President cil of the Twelve dedicated the chapel unit now functioning in the Church,

Ferrin L. Manwill and his counselors, of the Mesa Fourth Ward, Maricopa was created under the supervision of

Elders Robert E. Adams and Emerson (Arizona) Stake. Elders Albert E. Bowen and Mark E.

Pugmire. The organization of the President S. Dilworth Young of the Petersen of the Council of the Twelve.

Gooding Stake and the reorganization First Council of the Seventy dedicated Elder Ward C. Holbrook sustained as

of the Blaine Stake were under the dithe chapel of the New Elkins Branch, president of the South Davis (Utah) rection of Elder Harold B. Lee, of the West Virginia North District, East Stake, with Elders Arthur T. Morley

Council of the Twelve, and Elder John Central States Mission. and M. Newell Tingey as counselors.

Longden, Assistant to the Council of Elder Dee Lloyd Andreasen sustained President Holbrook was formerly first the Twelve. as president of Bannock (Idaho) Stake, (Concluded on page 350)

304 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA LD.S. history lives in these fine books

ST

Ne**!*** H

Jacob Hamblin—Pioneer Stories

Exodus To Greatness Peacemaker Compiled under direction of

By Preston Nibley By Pearson H. Corbett the Presiding Bishopric

is the This exciting book new Nibley Preston by the author majestic sweep, With did scholar much of a work who great the in this volume onerecords interest young to compiled book in the A research his of background to from Nauvoo migrationMormon heroic in the Church of the people colorHamblin, Jacob areas where Fighting, laughvalley.Salt Lake accomplishments daring deeds and to Indians,"ful was "apostle

. the Morpraying, dying $1.75 forefathers. their of pioneer colonizer, a active. He thewas most hisof. one. pioneers enacteding,mon frienddesert, of the conquerer $3.00 dramas. greatesttory's human Indians, devoted the and of maker

Church man. Jacket designed by

Arnold Friberg. $5.00

Documentary History

of the Church (With introduction and notes by

B. H. Roberts

Taken from the records and notes of Joseph Smith and other early Church leaders, this carefully documented work comprises 7 volumes. $2.50 each—$15.00 a set

Essentials in Church History Joseph Fielding Smith

history, from of Church History inspiration Comprehensive Here is all the drama, action and to the Smith birth Joseph of the of the Church volin one captured time, present

B. H. Roberts ume. $4.00

The great sweep of founding, growth and development of the Church written under the inspired LI pen of one of our greatest hisHI5T0RV torians.

Set of 6 volumes—$30.00

MAY 1952 305 A Young Missionary Speaks (Concluded from page 302) SCHUBACH S AMAZING young Latterday Saints who were, on the sly, smoking off the school grounds.

Too often we find youth partaking of the "forbidden fruit."There WATERTITE is a tendency to take part in those

a 39.75 value... yours for only 24.75 things that appear daring and exciting. Later, they appear foolish.

Since these are the last days, the climax of our earthly history, Satan TWAL! and his helpers are hard at work n 10DAY to deceive God's children and lead FREE

them astray. Youth of the Church:

go not after the worldly things. Do

not participate in carnal and sensual desires which offer only temporary 17-J. GUARANTEED presatisfaction.

cision movement. Christ, referring to the parable of

WATERRESISTANT. Uw.% the lost sheep, said;

Dust and ShockResistant. be Iinsayheavenuntooveryou,onethatsinnerlikewisethat repenteth,joy shall

Luminous NIGHT -$!GHT| more than over ninety and nine just perdial and hands. '9, sons, which need no repentance. (Luke

Sweep second hand. 15:7.) -* *> <& Because of our former faithfulDe Luxe expansion band g ness, we have been privileged to

INCLUDED AT NO EXTRA come to earth in the Dispensation

COST! of the Fulness of Times, the period

FULLY GUARANTEED for when the gospel in its purity and one year. fulness has been restored. Think

back to all the hundreds of years when we might have come to earth and not enjoyed the heritage we have now: a free nation, modern

discoveries, true gospel, and conONLY Wto tinuedThe revelations.worthy male youth of the

Church hold the priesthood, the authority to act in God's name. We

i are the only people in the world who may enter into the house of

DOWN the Lord and receive the new and this PARKER pen is yours A WEEK everlasting covenant. By doing this,

just for making day FREE TRIAL! the 10MdAkkiiik thethe womanpriesthood—husbandshares in the blessingsand wife,of

eternity. throughout THIS MAIL COUPON receive this Yoo handsome, are educationally preWhile we Jewelry, Main and Broadway smoothwriting new PARKER [SaltSchubach City, Lake Utah for paring ourselves a career, let us

"Pqrkette"pen ABSOLUTELY the 'Send WaterTite Free Watch and not neglect our spiritual advanceFREE, \ust for Parker trial free on your trying the pen 10day ment.

"WaterTite"Watch for 10 l| offer. Enclosed is $ I will

days. You keep the pen even] 'j pay $ a week. I am thankful for the opportunity

if you choose to return the! I Name I have of serving my Father in

watch after the FREE 10day I I Address heaven as a missionary. I am grate-

I City ful for the priesthood hold which |JI, State for in this citizenship great and my nation. I know that the gospel has

"Famous for Diamonds been restored; that the President of

the Church is a prophet of the Living God. Fellow youth of God's

kingdom: Let us unite in prayer and

Seven Fine Stores faith, to obedient the be commandCorner Main and Broadway, Salt, Lake Utah ments, to the that prove and world 161 816 Idaho W. Center "35 Strain i76Vsfu150 SouthE.KW?*uit?/*lMath 2171 Highland In Boise', IVDr Provo inWashingtonOgoen Idaho "faithful true Twin atFalls,Jnd IdahoEast will ever and we

stand."306 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -Jack Sargent

I saw her from the rim at eve,

Her rubies sparkling in the night,

Displaying her emeralds and glittering diamonds,

Strung far and wide like a rainbow bright.

They shone from every neon sign,

Flashing patterns of some degree;

The city shone like a jewel against velvet

As gay and as pretty as a Christmas tree.

Her byways crossed and met the streets,

Each corner twinkling with its light

Gleaming like stars of the first magnitude,

The main street a showcase of color so bright.

Splashing and dashing, up and down,

How proudly she wears them, gaily displays them,

Bedecking each building with a monarch's crown.

by Grace H. Peterson

MAY 1952 307 HIS MOTHER TO A NEW MOTHER By Alice Morrey Bailey By Elaine V. Emans

forest her fawn, the doe T icking in island the sea like an was *-'She all Swells pride with she that can bear. little the boats cast which From

suit, follows rabbit although off to The ride are blind hair. Her without young and frail first at storm. the Against So was

bird bursts, wild so almost he, The proud craft tide. splintered returned His every on

Is of creatures she in her nest like love the healing was Her and warm this so bundle, And from loud, which sand noises zest, Unpleasing come, with lie rest until at could length he and Where right to every you Has think make strength bridge gathered to the rocky He all In the there never world drew strand perfect, Breath such petalpink a sail seas in the leviathaned strength.—Dean Green And

this as Offspring to one born you! WAR MEMORIAL

When he had gone beyond the wavelocked #l l shore MOTHER A NEW"THE ADJUTANTGENERAL sleep, FROM travel distant lanes dangers where REGRETS To

B. Jarvis By Jeanette TO INFORM YOU..."like faith a searching was Her in him

last night. By S. Dilworth Young Thrustlighthigh above the canyoned ocean floor ***ATy Andchildsincewas thatbornhour my To mark a golden path across the deep Pride and will have fled. selfsufficient

Last night I dreamed that you were home And warn of reefs and rip tides in the The pow'r which once I felt within my grasp again; night. Is humbled, in the wonder of it all

Forgot the eight long years you've been This miracle, that mortals should have grace away. to divine. bring earth a To spirit—near

I the evening firelight watched on your Emotions, flaunted were which then so face, HERITAGE

Brownie's in old entangledYour hands bold, hair By Alma Rohison Higbee Have learned to loose their tears in quiet

Your dog, contented, now that you were there. Meager the months, it seemed, since she Compassionpain. fills my soul for other's grief;

had come My fellow man is dearer than before. bride to his own meadowland,You felt the texture of the new rugs on the A youthful

floor, drifts soft bee's petal with Maytime Two helpless being, precious in This arms, my sister's wall, picture the at yourLaughed on hum, turned unskilled trust to in Has hands my chair, the upholstery the onApproved new here; winters but hand on every now Two. God color in the to of the warmth itsWarmed spring's promise, vernal She marked saw heart pray. can And now. my. hallsweep,

Smiling of them all. nodding enjoyment and it lay grave; a lonely upon Knowing was born last night My child

little rocked as she her son to And I, today. sleep, And stairs. the climbed youThen warrior's a of airmen, brave song She sang

I thought you liked the way we'd kept And daring, who had flown the distant your room. blue, APRON STRINGS

fence that pasture prayed she and while And return, readies against a boy's roomsOne Lucretia By Barker Mary bars like feel see to he'd andImagines what 'of strings, think Mother's often safe, apron her small keep one somehow Would again he comes homeWhen * her she busy hands knew someAnd how would there, here, table the the placedThe bed walls That his heritage would lie among the times pause neatly. tie them an apron brings stars. To Now that color he on theThe loved—and Nostalgic heartdeep thought inner from its leather in schoolboy box theTable

honors won. cause.

LILACS When long ago I undertook to press

Hours seemed to pass-—I tiptoed to your A dainty apron for her, the surprise

bed By ]ane H. Merchant Resulted sadly in my own distress,

gentle breathing, filled pride heard endeavor your her ThoughAnd in my even, * live of all souls lost springtimes again I 'he faint, eyes.

-* all our lilac odor; In hearts have known strings this doesn't (Surely the tarts like one who's apron sound remind And me of

dead!) Of pear trees tremulous in misted rain, And pies she baked, my own crestfallen

Put out a hand to touch your brow Of cherry petals drifting, lightly blown, cakes

But hastily withdrew it, lest I break Like scented snow along a shadowed hill, My rocklike cookies only made our hearts every on a lawn dogwood dreaming gay, for joy MoreThe rhythm of your being home—but now, And

a mockingbirds through many Where soft I remember can manyis in preciouswhat lovethingspartakes.

Today, we wander aimlessly about the night spill When I recall my mother's apron strings.

empty house. White rapture, singing up the opal dawn.

Here are the roses bought in memory of Essence of all remembered loveliness, you. Of happiness so poignant it is grief, NIGHT WATCHER

There is your boyish picture on the wall. Touching our senses like a soul's caress, By Mabel Jones Gabbott

(The ivy from a vase along the frame just Reviving vanished wonder and belief, so.) Lilacs are all loved, evanescent things, HPhe moon is a maiden, softly aglow;

The purple heart is in its box of blue Pure distillations of enchanted springs. * At earth's eastern sill, she stands tiptoe;

Beneath some lines that Joan wrote long The tiniest star she tucks in her hair, ago: Takes a deep breath of cool mountain air,

"So keep his heart fed with familiar TOO TRUE ThenAware timidlyof a millionsteps admiringup into eyes.the skies, things;

No sound of tears By Celia Mauti Webb

Flaw the clear air where his tall shoulShe chats awhile with the Plaeides, ders lift. put our best foot forward Listens to tales from an earthborn breeze; His laugh may stir WEOur new friends to impress She lends her light to a distant star,

The valleyed quiet some immortal day While folk we've known throughout the Smiles in a window where children are.

And we be easy, feeling him home years At last, at moon set, her circle spent, again."Must be content with less. The moon is a woman, fulfilled, content.

308 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA uttDW (15u f-resident

<UJavid KJ. rl/lcJ\ai

Our Strength and Our Weaknesses

Whenwater'stheedge,Latterdaybefore Saintbeing stoodburiedat withthe andbeen strikestrikingus atat ourit everweakestsince.point,Why?andThathe hashe

Christ in baptism, he had within him an might thwart the very purpose for which we implicit faith that the Church of Jesus Christ entered the Chuch of Jesus Christ. That is his

was reestablished upon the earth, and with mission.

this faith there was a true repentance, a reTake as an example, the Savior. After he

pentance that carried with it a desire to leave passed through that ordinance to fulfil all off everything in his past life that was contrary righteousness, after he had received the comto the teachings of the gospel of Jesus Christ. mendation of the Father and the testimony

His old life, the imperfections, the frailties, from on high that he was the Son of God, the evils, the sins, if there were any connected the "Beloved Son"in whom the Father was with it, he desired to leave behind, and to be well pleased, Satan was there ready to thwart buried in baptism, that like as Christ was his mission. Jesus went forth in fasting and

raised from the dead by the power and the prayer, preparatory for the great mission restglory of the Father, he might come forth in ing upon him; and when in his weakest monewness of life, a member of the Church of ment—as Satan thought—when his body was

God, a citizen in the kingdom of Christ. weak and exhausted by long fasting, the evil

By baptism he was born again and became one presented himself in temptation; and what

a fit recipient of the Holy Spirit. He was conwas the temptation? An appeal to his bodily

firmed a member of the Church of Jesus Christ, weakness, "If thou be the Son of God—(note

and the Holy Ghost was bestowed upon him. the taunt, the very, testimony on the bank of

That is where we all stood at one time. the Jordan was, "This is my beloved Son")

Those were our feelings, our faith, our hope. "... If thou be the Son of God, command that

We stood that day forgiven of past evils and these stones be made bread."(Matt. 4:3.)

follies. Now, the mission of life was before In a moment of weakness and hunger, that

us, and we had thus bestowed upon us the light temptation would be strongest, other things that emanates from the Father, to lead us being equal. But there was the moment of

that our feet might not stumble, that the truths resistance on Jesus'part. Though the body was

of his holy gospel might sink into our hearts weak, the Spirit was strong, and Christ anthe truths that would give us knowledge, that swered: "It is written, man shall not live by

our souls might be saved in intelligence. The bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth

Holy Ghost was to bring all things to our out of the mouth of God."(Ibid., 4:4.)

remembrance, to show us things to come, to Then Satan tried him on another point.

testify of the Father. And as we seek that light Failing in that, the tempter tried him still on

and live in accordance with the duties that are the third. He tempted him first on the level

placed upon us by that obligation, we are of physical comfort; second, he tempted him

seeking the true religious development and on vanity, and third, he tempted him on love fostering true religious growth. for worldly wealth, and the power to rule the

But what is the other element we must conworld. But all these temptations Christ resider? Along with this new life, with this seeksisted; and the final resistance was: "Get thee

ing for truth, there would be a strong power (Concluded on following page) of resistance. Though being born anew, and

being entitled to new life, new vigor, new blessings, yet old weaknesses still remained with us.

The evil one was eager and ready to attack "':%

MAY 1952 309 THE EDITOR'S PAGE (Concluded from preceding page) to know that it is part of their duty to resist smoking behind me, Satan, for it is written: Thou shalt wor- a cigaret. Every young person in the Church should

ship the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou be taught that he should resist the cocktail that is serve."(See Ibid., 4:3-10.) passed around at the social gathering. Every young

We may not have heard audibly on the water's member of this Church should know that tobacco edge the words: "... This is my beloved Son, in in any form should not be used. He should resist

whom I am well pleased,"(Ibid., 3:17) but the all these habits, not only for the blessing that is

Spirit bore testimony in our souls that God was well promised but also because of the strength that will pleased with the act, and he was pleased to lead us come to him to resist greater temptations—both at

as we sought his guidance, in fasting and prayer. home and away.

And we might not have heard in audible tones: A young person who may refuse his coffee or tea

"If you are a member of that Church, a member of at the home, and who may find it easy to do so, that kingdom, entitled to the Holy Spirit, do this might be tempted when he is out in company. When

all the others partake, that is the moment when the or that—command these stones to be made bread."

Our temptation may not have come in that form. It real strength of our convictions will be tried and

may have come in the form of the appetites we had tested. It is not when it is in the family circle,

satisfied for years. It may have come in the form of when Father's and Mother's influence help to keep

things away. some physical temptation—some longing. It may have these

been the love of the old pipe which we determined In this respect it is earnestly to be hoped that will set a good example so if we were sincere—to put aside before going into the every father and mother

waters of baptism. (Who was it that said: "Though that children indulging in weaknesses may not say,

you pretend to throw that aside, take it only once "I am following you."Let our fathers and mothers

more; this once will not hurt"?) And when that restrain themselves in these things. Parents, resist

desire came after we were in the Church or kingdom, that appetite. What though you do love it, the

how many of us stood as Christ our leader and said: more you love it, the greater should be your resist-

"Get thee behind me!"ance, and the greater will be your development.

This element of resistance in regard to our physiIt is no credit for us to resist what we do not love.

is the man cal appetites applies to every member of the Church The man who grows most by resisting of Jesus Christ. In some way the evil one will attack who resists what he loves, who will say, "I will

us. In some way he will do his best to weaken us; stop it; I will resist it."

to enough be prudent, in before bring us that which some he will would way to stray; nothing tempts you It's Wheneasy

to the true of the tend thwart development of sin or within without no voice spirit When within, the strengthening of the inner man, the Is luring your soul away.

strengthening and growth of the spirit, that time But it's only a negative virtue fire, it is tried Until by is kill, lasting the as cannot but enduring which and life that the is worth the honor of earth, And spirit. of that Eternal things that Father the And desire. resists that Is the one

will tend to dwarf this spirit or to hinder its growth—Ella Wheeler Wilcox, "Worth While''

are things that the Latterday Saints are called upon God grant that as we are seeking the further estabto resist—the temptation of vanity, the worldly allishment of the kingdom of God we may instruct our

lurements that come with wealth and worldly posiyoung people, and the members of the Church tion, the physical appetites and the things that everywhere, to resist the temptations that weaken the are proscribed by the eightyninth section of the body, that destroy the soul, that we may stand

Doctrine and Covenants (which has come to be truly repentant as we were when we entered the called the Word of Wisdom)—strong drinks, tobacco, waters of baptism and be renewed and "born again,"

hot drinks (tea and coffee included) are a few of the that our souls might bask in the light of the Holy temporal things that the Latterday Saints should Spirit, and we may go on as true members of the leave out of their lives. Church of Jesus Christ until our mission on earth is

Every young man and every young woman when completed, and God receives us and rewards us acthey come forth from the waters of baptism ought cording to our merits.

What Are the Educational Attainments

of the Latterday Saints?

is of Christ of gospel the census Jesus 1950 Church person truth, every previously estabthe Theconfirms eternal and -Jti Vwldtdoe

V. (j joins lished sincerely fact the that the Latterday Church TWELVE who OF THE COUNCIL OF THE

Saints stand as high or higher in does so because he has found in educational attainments than any it eternal truth, and is driven other similar group of the same size which we know onward to find more truth.

anything about. This is not really surprising, for The Latterday Saints, taught through divine

310 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA revelation that "the glory of God is intelligence,"of Church (twenty years of age or over) have more necessity must seek knowledge. This has raised the than a high school education. This is really a cause

Church, in the world, to an enviable educational for rejoicing, because as time goes on the permanent standing. For this the Church is glad and humbly future will rest in the hands of people whose minds

proud. have been trained and opened to truth.

The accompanying table shows that every adult The subjoined table is worthy of careful study agegroup including the oldest for all interested in conditions has a record in median* school among the members of the years completed which is greater Evidences Church. Let us hope and pray

than that of the white populathat this favorable educational tion of the AND This United States. condition may continue to exist

is for really the remarkable major part of the people in the Reconciliations among the Latterday Saints.

Church of Jesus Christ of Latter- (For a discussion of this vital

CLXV subject, see The Improvement day Saints go back to the time when schools were not as plentiEra for July 1947.)

ful as at present. The people of Utah, for example, This table is a comparison of the median* years of

are of pioneer stock who met the issues of the day school completed of persons twenty years old and courageously. Education has always been held in over as shown by the 1950 Church census and the

high esteem by the Latterday Saints. In the toil 1947 United States Bureau of the Census figures.

of conquering the desert, schools were not forgotten. Median years of school

The statistics of the United States for 1950 are not completed yet available, but the figures of 1947 show that the L.D.S. U.S.A.

Latterday Saints in all adult age groups are in adAge groups "(1950) (1947) vance of the nation (white) from an educational 2024 years 12.5 12.2

standpoint. 2529 years 12.5 12.1

The median school years completed for members 3034 years 12.4 11.8

of the Church twenty years of age and over is 12.2 3544 years 12.0 10.4

years and means that fully half the adults of the 4554 years 10.4 8.7

5564 years 8.9 8.2

*The median year of school completed may be denned 65 and over years 8.5 7.8

the year divides into the population which group equal having completed schooling oneTOTAL: more and parts—onehalfas

less Twenty years and over 12.2 10.8 half completed the schooling having than median.

?(SCNX>K3s>NN3V>9X3\>v3s

doesn't tell us what he is. We need to look behind

he is "liberal"the label. need to what know We

"liberal"belongs to him? with Xr oi&mt cLabel with. Is he what

RICHARD L. EVANS Or is he liberal with what belongs to others? Does

he want more power or less power? Does he want

Comeone once said: "We see things as we are, not more control or less control? Does he favor more

as they are."1 Certainly we see words as we are. freedom or less freedom? The straight answers to

And if we want to know what a word means to a a few such questions will often tell us what brand of man, We must know something about the man. "liberality"a label covers. It isn't a question only

Look at the word liberal, for example. Dictionary of names. We need to know what purpose a person

definitions give it many coats and colors. In one pursues, what philosophy he follows, what way of

sense it means "generous."In another it means one life he would let other men live. Sometimes it

who favors greater "freedom."But another definiwould seem that we give more weight to a word

tion associates "liberal"with "licentious."Apparently than we do the thing itself; for example: We are

liberal means whatever we choose to think it means more likely to tolerate an "evil"if we call it by a within wide limits. Look at freedom, for example. glamorous or inviting name than if we call it by its

Freedom doesn't mean the same thing to all men. right name. Words have a way of being stealthily

In some places people who think they have freedom stolen, and it isn't safe to place too much confidence can't do many things that we do every day. But in words unless we know the men who use them and

it doesn't matter what we call a man who is in what they mean when they use them. It isn't safe

slavery, he is still a slave. And it doesn't matter to let words take the place of realities—for a thing

what we call a man who enslaves other men, he is is what it is, no matter what we choose to call it.

still a tyrant. To come again to the question: What It isn't safe to worship words.

is a "liberal"? A "liberal"may be an earnest

champion of the rights of others, or he may be someJke Spoken lA/ora from temple square one who doesn't care whose rights he walks over. PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

But whatever he is, just the wearing of the label SYSTEM, FEBRUARY 24, 1952 1Author Unknown Copyright, 1952

MAY 1952 31 1 Elder and Sister Richards surrounded by five of their six living children and seventeen of their twenty grandchildren. Not included in this photograph

are a daughter, Mrs. J. Glen (Nona) Dyer, and family, who reside in Washington, D. C.

In Conference

Assembled by Marba C. Josephson

EDITOR'S NOTE More than six months ago, following the running of four very popular cover pictures and articles of members of the First Presidency and the President of the Council of the

Twelve, The Improvement Era editors decided to continue this series, featuring during

Elder of LeGrand Church. the councils presiding the brethren of from the several 1952 Richards Elder LeGrand to have of the was Church, Presiding Bishop April 1952 to April 1938 from Twelve Richards, of the of the Council

of the Twelve to Council the this year, his appointment issue but a later in featured been

Apostles prompted a change in plans. This brief article on Elder Richards and on the

newly appointed Presiding Bishopric, was prepared while this issue of the magazine is

Elder LeGrand Richards, Presiding waiting to go to press.

Bishop of the Church since April 1938, has been accorded a signal to 1908, he was called to serve as It was as mission president that he honor in being made a member of mission president of that mission in became concerned with the problems the Council of the Twelve, which his 1913 for a threeyear term. He has confronting missionaries in their apillustrious father, George F. Richards, served as bishop in Sugar House proach to peoples of other faiths. As

headed as President until his death, Ward and University Ward in Salt a result of his labors there and elseAugust 8, 1950. Elder LeGrand Lake City, and of Glendale Ward, where in the Church, he prepared a

Richards, however, fills the vacancy and later as stake president of Hollyguide for missionaries which proved caused by the death of Elder Joseph wood Stake, both in California. He exceptionally helpful. This guide he

F. Merrill, February 3, 1952. also served on the high council of has studied further and perfected and

LeGrand Richards, both by inLiberty Stake, Salt Lake City. He published as a helpful, stimulating

heritance and by preparation, has served as a shortterm missionary in volume, A Marvelous Work and a earned his advancement in the counthe Eastern States, and as president Wonder. His forcefulness together

cils of the Church. A missionary in of the Southern States Mission from with his ringing testimony has made

the Netherlands Mission from 1905 1933 to 1937. him a favorite speaker wherever he

312 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Gathered around Presiding Bishop and Mrs. Joseph L. Wirthlin are these Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson holding his grandmembers of their family. One daughter, Mrs. Gwen W. McConkie, is living son; Mrs. Isaacson, their daughter Joyce I. Tribe,

in Minnesota with her husband and three children; and a son, Elder Richard and Royal L. Tribe, standing. A married son,

Wirthlin, is serving a mission in Switzerland. Richard A. was away when this picture was taken.

has traveled—and he has traveled

widely throughout the Church.

His vocation, which eminently qualified him for his position as Presiding Bishop, is that of real estate.

He engaged in that profession both Bishop and Mrs.

in Utah and in California. Carl W. Buehner are

Elder Richards married Ina J. Ashshowntheir fourwith children,two of

ton, May 19, 1909, in the Salt Lake and four of their

Temple. She bore him eight children, eight grandchildren.

two of whom have passed on. Their ter,TheirMrs.otherRuthdaugh-B.

living children include: George McPhie lives in ToLaMont, Alden R., Mercedes R. peka, Kansas. CorpoIversen, Norinne R. Callister, Marian withral Carlthe AirBuehnerCorps inis

R. Boyer, and Nona R. Dyer. In adTexas.

dition to their children, the Richards have twenty grandchildren of whom they are justifiably proud.

Elder Richards'spirit shines through the first words he uttered after his appointment to the Council of the Twelve. Part of these words nized, through his appointment as 1938. Following the death of Bishop

follow: Presiding Bishop of the Church, for Marvin O. Ashton, October 7, 1946,

his long, faithful, able service to the Bishop Wirthlin was advanced as first first always Church has The come in my people of the Church. Like Elder counselor to Bishop Richards.

life. call the of the Wherever Church

was, that has been the first thing I have Richards, Bishop Wirthlin has served Bishop Wirthlin married Madeline considered. And I hope I will be accept- a long apprenticeship in Church Bitner, September 14, 1916, in the

able in this new calling and that I can service. Called to the SwissGerman Salt Lake Temple. They are the

continue to serve the people. Mission in October 1913, he comparents of five sons and daughters:

The old saying, "once a bishop, pleted his mission in the Central Joseph B., Judith W. Parker, Gwen

always a bishop,"will undoubtedly States Mission when World War I W. McConkie, Richard B., serving a

prove true in Elder Richards'case, for broke out in Europe. mission, and David B., who is now rethe people of the Church have indeed For ten years Bishop Wirthlin siding at home with his parents.

come to look upon him as a father served as bishop of the Thirtythird Bishop Wirthlin is the founder of in their Aaronic Priesthood affairs. Ward and for two and a half years, Wirthlin's Inc., and knows the probas the president of the Bonneville lems confronting bishops in caring for

"Dishop Joseph L. Wirthlin, for fourStake in Utah, beginning October indigent people and facing welfare

teen years a member of the Pre27, 1935, and serving in that capacity officials in helping the needy both at siding Bishopric serving under Bishop until he was appointed second counhome and abroad.

LeGrand Richards, has been recogselor in the Presiding Bishopric, April (Continued on page "373)

MAY 1952 313 PALEHE AND CLAY by Joyce Knudsen

resignedly. in through going "Very Petrie wasMiss time."shall of correcting comroutine the "We

* * well,"see—in* *he *gave eyes her tired positions when

unexpectedly brightened. Once in Miss Petrie conscientiously comtwenty years of teaching you might pleted another twenty years of teachcome upon something like this: little ing before she retired. After the

Anna Robins discoursing on "My dinner given by her scores of old

Ambition."pupils she eagerly sought out the

"... Critics may say there are tall, handsome woman dressed in

already too many artists in the world, chic black.

but 1 believe there can never be too "I'd have known you anywhere, much beauty.... Even on the walls Anna. You've changed, but I knew

of ancient caves crude drawings show exactly what you'd be like. I've

that even the cave dwellers longed kept a picture of you in my mind all for beauty.... I want to be a painter these years. Now, tell me everything

and the world will always make room that's happened."

for one more artist...."Anna Robins Beaulac outlined her

Miss Petrie took off her glasses, career. "Well, I went to art school,

grateful that the fifth grade room was you remember, and I had several empty and the only sounds those of years with a commercial art firm the muffled footsteps of departing painting beautiful plates of ham, teachers. and drawing $99.50 living room

Oh, yes, Anna had always been a suites. Then, at the beginning of

good English pupil, but this composithe war, there were two years of

Ition was little short of inspired for drafting in a war plant. When

a child eleven years old. She remarried and my three children arread the potent sentences, drinking rived, one by one, I did think I was

in the ardor of the girl's ambition. a settled matron. But my husband

At that moment, less muffled steps died two years ago, and I had to go into business again."

in the hall outside resolved themMiss Petrie's lined face radiatedselves into the spare person of the principal. Miss Petrie readjusted her her anticipation. "Then you didn't

glasses. "If you have a minute, Mr. give up your work! I knew your name but—Hayden, I'd like you to read this. I wasn't famous yet,

"What, you haven't heard ofthink it's remarkable."

Beaulac's berry doughtnuts?"

The principal took the paper. He "Beaulac's doughnuts?"

read sketchily at first, then with some "Oh, yes, I'm proud of the busiinterest. At the end he conceded, been my painful duty to observe at ness. I had to start in a small way,

"Certainly very well written."close hand the idiosyncrasies of too but it's making us a very comfortable

"I've always wanted to have a many little girls and boys. I've come living now."Her fine, dark eyes

pupil fired with ambition like that,"to the conclusion that none of them looked into the face of her teacher.

she murmured, unashamed of her turns out in the least as you expect. "Are you so disappointed, Miss

dream, "just one girl or one boy who Anna Robins may be a splendid Petrie?"

you know will climb the ladder of student, but it's just possible that The small figure sagged for a success. I think,"she added, pracshe may eventually become a waitmoment, and the soft voice flutteredtically, "I'll ask the visiting art ress in—if you'll pardon the expresgently, "I don't really know, Anna.

superintendent to arrange extra lession—some hash house."I must admit I I had such high

sons for her—with your permission. The sight of Miss Petrie's frozen hopes that you'd make a place for

Anna is going to be a great artist."countenance prompted him to add, yourself in the world. I know it's

Mr. Hayden repressed a thin sigh. not unkindly, "Mind you, the comnice to be happy and settled, but I

"I wouldn't,"he suggested dryly, position is wellwritten. I wouldn't always pictured you creating beauti-

"place too much importance on be surprised if the child has the makful works of art... paintings...."

Anna's present ambition. I have ings of a writer."Anna studied the little woman sino wish to squash your admirable Miss Petrie came to life. "Oh, Mr. lently. At last she replied thoughthopes, Miss Petrie, but an imposing Hayden, no! It's her strong ambition fully, "Miss Petrie, I want you to

number of years as a principal has to paint that inspired her to write so come home with me. Over our firemade me something of a cynic. It's well. Don't you see?"(Concluded on page 373)

314 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA thus help pay his debts, for he was strictly honest. But never did he Playing The Game start the tobacco habit himself.

Later most of Boone's company felt there was too much danger from Indians in Kentucky, so they FAIRLY returned to their old home in Carolina. But Hardy, whom Boone had

adopted as his sou when Hardy's by Leon M. Strong father and Boone's son were killed

while driving the cattle, remained with his adopted father. They were

THEfighter,backwoodsmanand farmer.was Hea hunter,lived hisly along,companionthey weresuddenlywalkingheardsilentthe joinedwhite settlersin a shortwho decidedtime byBooneothers

a rough life far away from several sharp shots of a rifle in the settlement was good enough for cities and towns which made him distance at the rear of the company, them.

independent, brave, and selfreliant. Sproul, Boone's companion, seemed All was not smooth sailing for

Oftentimes Indians crept up to the riveted to the spot, but Boone was Daniel Boone. He and some of his

homes of these people to steal or instantly on his way to the rear, men were caught by the Indians to kill. To his extreme sorrow, he soon one day while they were away

The backwoods cabin was usualdiscovered that the Indians had from camp making salt. The Inly a oneroom building of rough killed those who drove the cattle dians intended to take them all the

logs, with mud and moss used to for the little company, including way to the Indian fort at Detroit, fill the spaces between the logs. Boone's son. Upon returning to the Michigan. Boone knew that would

Later, when the owner became company, after giving sad but be very serious for him and his fairly well settled and had his fields reverent burial to the dead, Sproul men. They might never get back

in good order, he usually consaid something about trusting in to their beautiful Kentucky settlestructed a larger building with perProvidence. Boone said; "Yes, we ment again. He had to do some

haps as many as three rooms and should trust in Providence, but it hard thinking because they were an attic reached by a ladder. It is also expected that we should do in a tight place. But he didn't

was usual to have a stone fireplace all we can first before we call on complain at his new lot, and he at one end of the cabin. There the Lord for help."One would didn't curse and swear as some men

was little furniture and few cookhardly expect such rough frontiersdo when things go wrong.

ing utensils. The table was a board men to be concerned with a belief Next day the Indians and their

set on sawhorses, and usually a in God, but they were generally captives began the long march.

box or a threelegged stool served more sincere in their religious beThere were red men leading the as a chair. liefs than are people who have whites, red men beside them, and

One of the greatest frontiersmen, much better opportunity to serve red men bringing up the rear. More

Daniel Boone, moved to North the Lord. than once Boone had given his InCarolina with his folk when he was The company came to the end dian captors the slip, for he was

a mere boy. In the fall of 1773, of their journey. Here in Kentucky, as clever and cunning and swift on

Boone sold his farm and set out for Boone wished to make a permanent foot as they, but he would not the wilds of Kentucky. He could settlement. He and his people soon desert. Their weapons having been

outdo most men on a long march had a clearing made, crops planted, taken from them, the white men with little to eat. As he journeyed and log cabins constructed. Tobacwere divided into three equal

on his first trip out west, he fell co was a common crop in those groups of nine each. There was

into conversation with his compandays. Boone usually raised tobacco much bedding and baggage to be

ion. because he could easily sell it and {Continued on page 374)

"Have a fill of tabaccer, Boone?"

"Thanks, but I don't use it."

"What! You don't smoke? It's

hardly believable."

"No, I never learned, and I don't see that it would have done me any particular good if I had. It seems

to take pretty hard hold on a man.

I've seen hunters well nigh crazy when their tobacco run out, and I shouldn't like to be that way myself. Then it's apt to make trouble

in other ways. A deer could scent

your pipe half a mile away, and an Injun's nose is near as keen."1

Toward evening as Boone and

1C. H. ForbesLindsay, Daniel Boonebackwoods-

man, J. B. Lippincott Company, 1936, p. 25.

MAY 1952 315, The WORLD of the JAREDITES by Hugh Nibley, Ph. D.

ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR, HISTORY AND RELIGION, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

Part IX

My dear Professor F.: in their present combinations it is and Lamanites, and the Nephites

first rule of historical criticism not for us to say. Our religion were destroyed? Yet the Book of

Thein dealing with any ancient text is, teaches us that there never was a Mormon itself makes such an internever oversimplify. For all its simtime when they (the physical elepretation impossible. The Nephites

it isple and straightforward narrative ments) were not, and there never were destroyed, we are told, but style, this history is packed as few will be a time when they will cease pertinent to the case of the Jaredites others are with a staggering wealth of to be; they221 are here and will be to ask, what does the Book of Mordetail that completely escapes the cashereafter."mon mean by destroyed? The word

ual reader. The whole Book of MorObviously the implications of is to be taken, as are so many other

mon is a condensation, and a masterly such statements are highly offenkey words in the book, in its primary one; it will take years simply to unsive to many good Christians. Six and original sense: "to unbuild; to

ravel the thousands of cunning inmonths before his death the Prophet separate violently into its constituent ferences and implications that are Joseph Smith declared: "I have parts; to break up the structure."To

wound around its most matterof-fact tried for a number of years to destroy is to wreck the structure, not statements. Only laziness and vanity get the minds of the Saints prepared to annihilate the parts. Thus in I

lead the student to the early convicto receive the things of God; but we Nephi 17:31 we read of Israel in

tion that he has the final answers frequently see some of them, after Moses'day that, "... according to

on what the Book of Mormon consuffering all they have for the work his word he did destroy them; and

tains. "It is the constitutional disof God, will fly to pieces like glass according to his word he did lead

bringing..."them them together is that as soon as anything comes ofposition said mankind,"Joseph

i.e., after they had been "destroyed,"..,,22s. traditions. to their setSmith, "to set contrary up stakes and

bounds to the works and ways of the Of what traditions is he speaking? scattered, and needed a leader. "And

Almighty.... Why be so certain Not infant damnation or baptism by as one generation hath been destroyed

the II to according among Jews,"ideas or Neoplatonic aboutthat of sprinkling the things comprehend you "... even Nephi 25:9, they so have Saints things the God, for such hadGod, all things with you are when

so uncertain?"220 These words apply left behind. The traditionalism to been destroyed from generation to

equally to the wildest revivalist and which he refers is clear from another generation according to their iniquithe ablest scientist. Tertullian taught address given by the Prophet at about ties."

that anything which is not specificalthe same time, when he said, "I sup- A complete slaughter of any one ly stated in the Bible to have occurred pose I am not allowed to go into an generation would of course be in the past must actually be assumed investigation of anything that is not the end of their history altogether, not to have happened at all. contained in the Bible. If I do, I but that is not what "destroyed"

Even the most opinionated Bible think there are so many overwise means. Of the Jews at Jerusalem

student today would not limit himself men here, that they would cry 'treaNephi says (I Nephi 17:43): "I

so strictly; but granted that we may go son'and put me to death. So I will know that the day must shortly come

that destroyed, save be they must a to the old Bible and turn comfarfarther Tertullian, than may go how after few only. Later,...""... that today."mentator 223 Notice good in restored the go? Nothingwe

gospel was more offensive to the members of the Church are charged the Messiah hath risen from the dead

Christian world than its insistence with two follies: 1, taking the Bible t.. behold, Jerusalem shall be deon going much too far to suit the as the only possible source of knowlstroyed again...."(II Nephi 25:14.)

Christian world, and daring to speak edge, and 2, interpreting the Bible In these two cases what actually hapof doctrines and events not mentioned strictly in the light of their own pened was that the Jews were all in the Bible at all; for example, Briglimited experience. scattered "... save a few only"that

ham Young states, in the face of long Turning to the Book of Mormon, remained in the land. The Israelites

centuries of misinterpretation of is it not possible there also to fall upon entering the Promised Land,

Genesis 1:14: "How long the starry into the old sectarian vice of overwe are told, drove out "... the

heavens have been in existence we simplifying? Are there not many children of the land, yea, unto the

cannot say; how long they will conLatter-day Saints who will insist that scattering them to destruction."Here

tinue to be we cannot say. How every American of preColumbian it is plainly stated that the destruclong there will be air, water, earth; descent must be a Lamanite because, tion of the Canaanites was their scathow long the elements will endure forsooth, there were once Nephites tering—as is known to have been the

316 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

case. Likewise of the Nephites: A Permanent Heritage by the later nunation, or ending in -n,

"... and after thy seed shall be Nephites with Jaredite Names the most characteristic feature of

classical also Arabic of Nephite and in unbelief,destroyed, dwindle and

In the first place, a number of as above. 224 noted proper names, we brethren, seed of thyand also the

turn undeniably names Jaredite up of correct sequence use and The things shall these hidbehold be to the time time Neamong from in the mimation nunation and Book..."(I both 13:35), where Nephiup calls striking phites. coincidence Such of for the strongly speaks Mormon in dwindleNephites Lamanites and for investigation, for hardly it can of authenticity for record, the the

unbelief after they have been dehave been an accident. From the principle is a relatively recent disstroyed. Book of Mormon we learn that the covery in philology. It may be illusOnly once in the Book of Mormon Jaredites and Nephites spoke entirely trated by the only Jaredite common

do we read of a case of annihilation, different languages, and even a curnouns known to us, curelom and when we are specifically told that sory search will show that Jaredite cumom, and the only adjective, '... every living soul of the Amproper names have a peculiar ring of shelem, applied to a mountain "...

monihahites was destroyed... their own. Their most characteristic because of its exceeding height."

(Alma 16:9), where not only the sofeature is the ending in -m. This is (Ibid. 3:1.) It is interesting that the

cial structure but each individual is called mimation and is actually found original meaning of the best known among the most ancient languages of of Semitic roots, Salam, may be "aundone. In other instances, the Lord

promises that he will not utterly the Near East, where it was followed (Continued on following page) destroy the descendants of Lehi's youngest son, Joseph (II Nephi 3:3),

or of Lemuel (Id., 4:9), and even

Nephi is told that God "... will

not suffer that the Gentiles will utterly destroy the mixture of thy seed, which are among thy brethren..."

(I Nephi 13:30), even though the

promise and fulfilment were that the

Nephites should be "destroyed."

So when we read that the Jaredites '... were destroyed by the hand of

the Lord upon the face of this north country..."(the very first verse

of Ether), we are to understand that the nation was smashed and dispersed, but not that the catastrophic final battle was necessarily the whole story. The first thing that occurs to

King Mosiah on the discovery of the twentyfour gold plates was, "...

perhaps, they will give us a knowledge of a remnant of the people who have been destroyed, from whence these records came..."(Mosiah

8:12), showing that whether anyone

survived or not, for Mosiah at least it was perfectly possible for remnants of a people to exist after that people had been "destroyed."But did not

Ether prophesy that "... every soul

should be destroyed save it were

Coriantumr"? (Ether 13:21.) Every

soul of what? Specifically of "his

kingdom... and all his household."

Ether himself, hiding in a cave, was not included in the number, and continent—Nephites,neither were other inhabitantsLamanites,of andthe

Mulekites that were actually living (Reproduced from Fewkes, 1907, pi. 10.)

here at the time of the Jaredite deThis old engraving of an Arawak dance to the Earth Goddess may be taken as struction. Neither were renegade representative of the ways of the Jaredites and Lamanites in the days of their decadence.

The picture presents an astonishing number of OldWorld elements: the griffonheaded

Jaredites, wandering far and wide devil with claws for feet, the manyheaded, central figure strongly reminiscent of certain beyond the confines of the kingdom. EgyptianHellenistic idols, the feathered and turbaned headdresses, the pitchforks and

are comfound ringdancing—all

Earth in which theThat there were such renegades will especiallybined in thethe cultstridentandheldabominationsby the leadingof thefigure,Old theWorld, Goddess appear from a number of things. usually is the most conspicuous figure.

MAY 1952 317 THE WORLD OF THE JAREDITES (Continued from preceding page) Nephite bearing the name of Corthough it lay in another part of the high place"(Arab, sullam, "ladder, iantumr, and learn that this man country, because it would be called stairway, elevation") with the idea was a descendant of Zarahemla, the Shim (Mormon 1:3), which shows

of safety, and hence peace, as a secillustrious leader of the Mulekites. that it actually went by its Jaredite

ondary derivation. This shows the Jaredite influence name among the Nephites; for it is

Bat it is the proper names that reaching the Nephites through Muleprobable that Moroni is giving the concern us here. When out of the kite channels, which is exactly what hill its Jaredite name in Ether 9:3,

short list of Jaredite names preserved one would expect. The name had since it is his practice to use Jaredite

to us, a respectable percentage turn been preserved either in the royal names in describing itineraries, and up as Nephite names as well, it is family (Coriantumr the Jaredite the very next name on the list after high time to ask, is this one case "would have been the guest of the Shim is undoubtedly Jaredite. Anwhere the author of the Book of chief) or in the records—most likely other Jaredite place name, Nehor,

Mormon has slipped up or is there the former, since people do not as a given to the wilderness into which something significant about those rule go to written histories for their the first Jaredite rebel withdrew, as

Nephites who bear Jaredite names? names, while nothing is more perwell as to a city built in that region,

The answer is a surprise: Every one sistent than personal names, most of was borne by a notorious Nephite

of these men has a Mulekite backthose we use today being at least a apostate.

ground and is a leader of subversive thousand years old. Noah was a Jaredite king, and anmovements against the Nephite state The first land settled by the Jareother Noah was a Nephite king, but

and religion I The significance of this dites was Moron, a name still borne the latter was not a pureblooded will appear at once if we consider by one of the last Jaredite kings. Now Nephite, for his father Zeniff was the

that the only case of definite overthe Nephite land "... in the borders, last leader of the Mulekite colony.

lapping between the Jaredite and by the seashore on the edge of the Noah's priest Alma also betrays a

Nephite peoples is provided by the wilderness was called by them Moroni, mixture of culture if not of blood; his

episode of Coriantumr and the..."and anyone with a rudimentary stamping ground was the old MuleMulekites. knowledge of the Near East will inkite country, and two of his grandCoriantumr, the last Jaredite chief, IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIUIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIItlllltl, sons bore the Jaredite names of

spent the last nine months of his Shiblon and Corianton. (Ether 31:7.)

life among the Mulekites. These POSTSCRIPT Though Corihor was the grandson of

people had left Jerusalem eleven By S. H. Dewhurst the first Jaredite king, the name was

of the last generaborne by a Jaredite thereforeyears did after Lehi and all that the has in sight, "Cor mind taken been have tion, when it may after Lehi's yearsthree people had *- It still this to see: has

already settled in the New World. The future is only as bright over by the Nephites as Korihor.

it be. Considering how few JarediteWe are told that "Coriantumr was As the heart will let

discovered by the people of ZaraIIIIIIIIIIIII1IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIUIIII1IIIII1IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIJ1IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII names we have, it seems clear, then, hemla..."(Omni 21), who must that we have here a definite overlaphave been traveling quite awhile to stantly recognize Moroni as meaning ping of the two cultures. What

meet him even halfway between their "belonging to Moron,"or "of clinches the matter is the fact that landing place in Central America and Moron,"the old -i ending being the our Nephites with Jaredite names all

Cumorah; in all probability they most familiar and unchanging sufhave Mulekite background and contraveled a good deal more than halffix from the oldest Egyptian and nections. That the MulekiteJaredite

way, and perhaps all the way, since Babylonian to modern Arabic, and background represented a definite

Coriantumr had been very badly always having the same signification cultural tradition among the Nephites wounded, and with not a soul to help of relationship. Both the time—the and was consciously cultivated is, I

him could not have got very far; the very end of Jaredite history—and the believe, very clearly shown in the

fact that he lingered only nine months place—the outer borderland—agree behavior of men with Jaredite names.

after his rescue implies as much, in bringing the two names Moron and Five out of the six whose names are though it does not necessarily prove Moroni together in a cultural overdefinitely Jaredite betray strong antiit. But the evidence strongly suggests lap. A parallel case is that of MorianNephite leanings, and the sixth one,

that the Mulekites "discovered"Coriton, the name of an early Jaredite Shiblon, was only saved from the antumr shortly after the last Jaredking and also of a land on the coast ranks of such rebels because an angel ite battle, and hence that they had settled by a Nephite of the same converted his antiNephite father. Of

been on the continent for quite name about 72 A.D. In this case the the others, Morianton sought to lead

awhile, though some years fewer than man might well have taken his name a great body of people back into the the Nephites. The overlap between from the land he colonized, as ancient wilderness; Coriantumr was a notorithe Mulekite and Jaredite cultures was conquerors used to (e.g., Africanus, ous apostate and subversive; Korihor

at least nine months long and may Germanicus, etc.), being named for rebelled against the church and state

have extended over many years. At the old Jaredite coastland which he and tried to inaugurate a mass upany rate we have proof that the resettled. The survival of Jaredite rising; Nehor actually succeeded in

Jaredites made a permanent cultural place names is further indicated by the setting up a rival system of religion impression on the Nephites through hill Shim. The ten -yearold Morand government in opposition to the

Mulek, for centuries after the destrucmon was told that he would be able Nephite rulers and was only stopped tion of the Jaredite nation we find a to find that hill when he grew up, (Continued on page 340) 318 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA l/Wkat can *Jr do to 9we m9:fliid

riis article is an attempt to anfirst permanent molars they lend swer many of the questions that themselves more readily to decay. present themselves to parents -GOOD Therefore, under the living condiregarding dental care for children, tions of this present generation,

with consideration of both primary most of these teeth decay shortlyand permanent teeth. The sympTEETH? after they have erupted. Most peotoms which accompany the eruption ple at present have even lost one or

of the primary teeth are fretfulness, more of these four molars by the loss of appetite, swollen gums, and time they have reached adult life.

increased flow of saliva, a tendency This condition could easily be to put fingers in the mouth, often avoided.

an increase in temperature, and genTooth decay is one of the most eral irritability. common diseases of mankind at the

The twenty baby teeth are imporpresent time. Nature has provided

tant in the normal growth and dethat the part of the tooth not covvelopment of the face as well as in ered by bone or gum tissue is made providing a chewing mechanism up of an outer layer called enamel.

from babyhood. The very imporThis layer of enamel is the hardest

tant task of caring for these teeth tissue of the body and is intended during the first few years is the to protect the tooth for chewing charge of the baby's mother. She throughout the life of the individcan aid in keeping this tiny mouth ual. When we deviate from natural

in a clean and healthy condition by ways of living and thus violate laws a constant inspection and cleansing Carole S. 2). 2>. S. of health, we undergo processes of WU degeneration. One of the first andprocedure. As the child becomes

older, the procedure will grow into the teeth, but it also develops the most noticeable forms of degenera- a toothbrush habit, and the responconfidence of the child in his dentist. tion is that of tooth decay, which

sibility is shifted to the child under Remember that small cavities can be first starts on the enamel surface, parental guidance. filled more quickly and inexpensiveusually on the surfaces in contact

When the child is between two ly than large cavities. In fact, it with another tooth or in faulty

and three years of age, he should is possible to prevent most cavities grooves, or along a rough margin of make his first visit to the dentist. from forming in the first place. a filling. At these locations, harmThis initial visit will consist of a The first permanent teeth to apful films and bacterial colonies can

close inspection to determine the pear are the two lower central inform. Therefore the cavities in

condition of the teeth and whether cisors. The primary incisors come teeth are usually located between

any structural defects such as pits the teeth or along the grooves on or other abnormal conditions are the chewing surfaces.

present. Decayed and abscessed teeth afis a child When befect the health and vitality of any

three The premature loss of the baby tween and two allteeth through decay, toothache, and years of age he should child. The importance of having

tooth abscess should be avoided not make his first visit to cavities repaired at the earliest posclose dentist. sible greatly cannot too be moment A of the the health the to protectonly

deinspection should It stressed. also must be rememto the also maintain butyoungster the conditermine neither that child a bered nor an tion teeth of the and the so that of the jawsframework

permanent teeth which will eventuwhether any structural adult can do his best work in the ally replace them may assume their defects are present. school classrooms or in life if he is

proper places. The loss of one or sick or constantly bothered by pain

more baby teeth may result in the as a result of decayed teeth.

child having badly crowded permaout and are replaced by the permaThere have been many explananent teeth and a serious orthodontic nent incisors from the fifth to the tions given for the cause of tooth or straightening problem. Many seventh year of life. At this same decay. Today it is quite generally

feeding and digestion problems of age the first permanent molars agreed that such decay is brought children can be traced to inadequate usually make their appearance. about by acids in contact with the

teeth for proper mastication. It is These four permanent molars are teeth which dissolve or destroy tooth

estimated that fifty percent of the the key teeth of the arch, and erupt structure. These acids are present

children from two to three years of directly back of the last baby mobecause of the breaking down of reage have defects in their teeth. lars. The sixth tooth back from the fined carbohydrates. When they

Therefore, it is wise for the child front middle of the mouth is the are present in the saliva, the to visit the dentist early. This not permanent molar. Because of the acidforming bacteria not only grow

only prevents toothache and saves deep grooves or fissures in these (Continued on page 347)

MAY 1952 319 itself a living, breathing monument A dam was constructed, and a long testifying to the integrity and deterirrigation ditch carried the water from mination of a courageous band of the river to the thirsty rows of corn, volunteers who answered the call of wheat, and garden patches. At Mortheir leader in 1876. mon Lake a large milk and cheese

The movement to northern Arihouse was built. Dairy cows from

zona was the result of an influx of each settlement were sent here along

L.D.S. converts from Europe to Salt with the herder, the cheese and

Lake City. It was in 1856 that the butter processed and delivered to the

great handcart migration began, and settlements.

the railroad from New York City to The women and children worked Lonely Iowa City, Iowa, was completed. as hard at their tasks as did the men.

Pushing and pulling carts piled high There were spinning, knitting, and with all their worldly goods, approxidarning to be done, candles to be mately 1800 immigrants trudged from molded from beef and mutton talthe railroad terminal at Iowa City, low, lye soap to be made from the

Iowa, to Salt Lake City, Utah, a scraps of fat.

distance of thirteen hundred miles For the good of all, the scant reSentinel across open prairie and barren slopes sources of the colonists were pooled, by O. E. Singer to cross the Continental Divide, over the women taking their turn in the

scorching desert and swollen streams. big central kitchen, men and women

The spectre of death was always alike being set to tasks they were present. Yet despite constant hardbest fitted for.

ship, illness, privation, and exhausBuffalo grass grew over the plains a barren, windswept knoll tion, undaunted, on they came.... and hills waist deep. Deer and anteOnabout one mile north of the city This situation called for an expanlope were plentiful.

of Winslow, Arizona, stands sion of territory, and Brigham Young's But the emigrants'struggle against proud and stedfast a monument dediappeal for volunteers was quickly the elements was a losing one.

cated to a band of early pioneers who and willingly answered. The sandy Little Colorado—sand

settled along the sandy wastes of the Led by scouts who shortly before that melted at the touch of water

Little Colorado River in 1876.* Here, had made the trail, the long, dangerwas hard to control. And although

about forty Latterday Saint emious trek from Utah took the immithe men worked night and day, the grants lie buried beneath the evergrant company over the Buckskin dam was continually being washed shifting, everrestless desert sands. Mountains, across Lee's Backbone, to out. And water must be had by

But time and the elements have ford by raft the Big Colorado at a way of dam and irrigation ditch if obliterated all trace of the lonely place five miles above where now the {Concluded on page 350) burial ground. No headstones mark magnificent Colorado Bridge spans

the graves of these pioneers who the river.

struggled constantly against hardship, Hundreds of pioneers followed over privation, exhaustion, and illness, in this same route—known since that

order to establish a new frontier of time as Lee's Ferry.

their faith where they would not Many of these volunteers were be molested, only to meet in the end experienced pioneers, having crossed the grim reaper—Death. the plains from Illinois to follow

Erected in 1934 of petrified wood, their leader, Brigham Young, through bullets from the guns of vandals mar heat and cold and hardship to estabthe plaque on the face of the monulish comfortable homes in Salt Lake ment. The inscription reads in part: Valley. Now again, and without

.... George Lake, William C. Allen, and hesitation, their pioneering spirit

others sent from Utah by Brigham Young. answered anew the call to a new

They also established Sunset, Allen's Camp, and unbroken land.

all Citylater Joseph and Obed, on the On reaching their destination on

Little of Colorado. built brush and Dams

rock were frequently washed out by floods the Little Colorado, the colonists causing the people to leave. About forty wasted no time. Wagon beds repioneers are buried here. moved from the wagons were used

But the sacrifice was not made in as temporary shelter while the men vain. For out of Brigham City, Obed, hauled rock to construct a fort.

and Sunset, Joseph City (first called The fort consisted of rock houses

Allen's Town) emerged triumphant. built in a large square facing each

Today, on the Little Colorado other. In the center of the square

twenty miles east of Winslow, Ariwas a large cellar or storehouse. A

zona, a thriving dairy and agriculschoolhouse was erected at the north tural town, Joseph City, stands in end of the fort. Here, all public

functions took place—school, church, dedicated petrified of wood Monument attempt to colonize Arizona had been *A previous

dances. parties, and 1873. in of 1876. pioneers by the Churchmade to the Mormon

320. THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

.

... a new pickup stopped on

the South Branch road. It

looked as if the driver were changing a rear tire.

"*rir4lt drttatt"

One Among Many

llSuy <=Leora l/l/au,er5

ike wild things freed from a cage husband had passed away recently. Then World War II had come

I ingthe twentythreein age from children,six to fifteen,rangthisShe hadmorningtold andher pupilshad overheardas much along.different Well,if Jim Whitford,it would havethe youngbeen

scattered noisily in small groups tricky Phil Barrett, her oldest pucivil engineer at Rockdale, had re-"across Poverty Slope which lay pil, whisper to freckled Claude turned from World War I....

steeped in the sunshine of the May Johnson across the aisle, "Maybe Miss Parmalee took her Bible afternoon. This was the thirtyfifth we'll have a blonde glamor gal next from the bottom drawer. It fell

spring that Claire Parmalee had year I"open at the usual place, and she watched a released brood take flight; Miss Parmalee glanced out the looked at the fading snapshot of

and it was the same as the others. open window through which hoots Jim. How tall and handsome he

Disturbing the silvery song of and laughter still echoed. She saw had looked in his uniform! Yet the

meadowlarks came the more raucous a new pickup stopped on the South stiffbrimmed campaign hat, the hoots of youngsters freed until next Branch road; it looked as if the tight collar, and the wrapped legSeptember: "Schoolmar'm Parm!.. driver were changing a rear tire. gings belong to another era. It all

Schoolmar'm Parm!... Biggest Some stranger, no doubt. Men who seemed like a dream now.

donkey on the farm!"Or: "Old tilled the unfertile soil of Poverty Closing the Bible, Miss Parmalee

Maid Claire... pulled my hair.... Slope never had new trucks or looked around the cheerless room

Well, I declare!"much of anything else except hard that had been her prison for thirtyThe slim, gray woman with the work and disappointment. One by five years. Why had she remained?

level brows and quiet manner enone they starved out and sought Why had she imposed so long a tered the schoolhouse. She sat greener fields; but other impractical sentence upon herself? Certainly not

down at her scarred desk—she had hopefuls took over the unyielding for the meager salary. She looked

been promised a new one for the land to wage a losing battle. Few at the deserted schoolyard, at the

past fifteen years—and started children had attended the Stone two steel swings and set of horiemptying the drawers. This was schoolhouse more than three years. zontal bars she had bought with

it, she told herself. Tomorrow she Why their teacher had remained so her own money. The seconds ticked

would be on the train, going back long, she didn't know. Several times by. She picked up a pencil and

"home"to live with the sister whose she had offered her resignation. (Continued on page 362)

MAY 1952 321 plus four boys who were attending the university and staying with us.

Where we put everyone, I don't know now, but at the time it seemed there

Grandma lived with us all her Portrait of Grandma was always plenty of room.

life after Father married Mother. She

lived a life of simplicity and a life by May Shipp Bruce of beauty. She believed in enjoying all the good things the Lord put

on the earth for us. She was forever

Lucinda Bingham—isn't that Smith's knee and saw the beginnings trying to impress upon us children

Maya fine, solidsounding name? It of the Church of Jesus Christ of some point or moral from the things

made a fine name for blessing Latterday Saints. Grandma grew surrounding us.

in this of struggle period a baby, and and sweet name for upa new As far back as I can remember, it little girl to baptized into the turmoil out ofa developed be a and there stood on Grandma's dressing

Church with, and a good substantial beautiful soul.

a picture of a table in her roomname for a wonderful woman to carry Whenever I think of her, I can little girl lovely with long brown to her marriage, when she added the see a picture in my mind of a blue curls and a sweet innocent face. Thename Shipp. polkadot dress with sleeves rolled

square plush frame was soft to the

I'd like just to tell the elbows, above plunged arms you about my grandtouch, and when we were small, we nourishingher "namesake,"deepma. in a mass and I was of warm, went into her room just to run our

shesince looking passed a few dough. bread on months She made eight

picof it. fingers over the edge The

desireago, I heart loaves or nine at a time. have had a in my of said, Ethylin. was ture, Grandma

fine let othersto she was. of us were so There many know how when

I Ethylin was, never but knew, Who thirteen daughter Shipp were were small! There was the Grandma we

all a very nice she was knew weof an 1847 pioneer. Her mother people for dinner every night

was teetered on the Prophet Joseph Grandma, my parents, six children, person whom Grandma loved very much.

Every Memorial Day, Grandma would arise with the sun, rouse all of us children, and go out in the yard and pick an enormous bouquet of flowers. Our roses were especially

nice at that time of year. Then we

would all hike through the verdant fields, climbing through barbedwire fences to the cemetery where there was the tiny grave of Ethylin who had died many years ago. Grandma

was very faithful with this little task and went on foot through the fields as long back as I can remember. My

own children went with her for the last time two years ago. She taught

us a good lesson in perseverance. It

rends my heart to think of her tramping all that way, over a mile, with children all around, and a great armful of flowers. She never would let

us drive her or even take the bus.

It may not seem such a big thing to us of this generation, but I feel sure that every year when she put that humble bouquet on that tiny grave, the spirit of that little girl was touched, and she and Grandma were joined in a union of souls, if only for a moment.

Grandma was full of little bits of advice on every manner of thing.

One of her favorite sayings was, "A place for everything, and everything in its place.". She was constantly

repeating this to us whenever we

May Bingham Shipp as a young woman couldn't find something we needed 322 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in a hurry. We used to make fun Aunt Ida, who is now ninety. He doubt about it. Grandma was a

of her for this, but nevertheless, had such a hoarseness in his voice powerful influence for good.

whenever we needed a safety pin or he could hardly whisper. Grandma loved to bake things.

a ribbon for a package, it was, "Go She said to him, "Now you just She was forever stirring up a batch and see Grandma. She'll have one."take a spoonful of this linament, and of what she called, "Layby-toketch-

And she always did. your cold will be greatly helped."meddlerswith."We got quite a

She carried until the day she died, Well, being a rather rugged man, he bit of fun out of it, and she did, in her purse, a string of pins locked took the bottle, tipped it up and took too."Layby-toketch-meddlerswith"

together, a pair of gloves, a clean a great big swallow. The tears tasted fine, and somehow, since she

handkerchief, and a little worn, started to run down his cheeks, and left us, nobody has been able to leather coin purse with some small he nearly choked. It was quite awhile duplicate her recipe.

change. She never carried a lot of before he could get his breath, but Really to love is to become selfless,

money because she didn't have a lot, when it finally came back, his voice and if anyone were that, Grandma but if we needed a small coin, she was restored to normal. All the was. Father liked prune cookies,

always had one. hoarseness was gone, and he never and in order to make these, she first

Grandma taught a fine lesson in had to cook the prunes, and then thrift. I have never seen anyone stone each one carefully and cut it

who could make a dollar last longer. up. She was careful not to bake the

She saved everything: bits of string, cookies too hard because he couldn't

which she would wind carefully into chew them if they were too done.

an evergrowing ball, pieces of fur She was nice about it when we from wornout clothes, buttons, ribreached in and ate them just as fast bons from Christmas gifts—all these as she could cook them, but there

things found their way into her room. was a limit, and when it was reached,

She had things tucked away everyshe said, "Now, the rest of this is for where, and the amazing thing about dinner."

it all was that she could put her No matter if dinner were tomorrow, hand on whatever you needed in just we would have to suffer agonizing a few moments'time. pains of anticipation until the next

When she died, she left me a day when we could again taste the lovely carved wooden box full of wonderful things she could cook.

little bits of black lace, satin ribbon, Things don't taste just the same and ostrich feathers, which she had since she went. I do not know what

saved since she was married. She she put into things. She never did

gave them to me because she knew use a recipe. She would put in a

I loved these things and liked to handful of this and a spoon or two make hats and various articles of of that, and if anything were left wearing apparel out of them. over, it turned up in something else.

This byword of hers, "A place for The things she cooked were marveleverything, and everything in its ous. There was a very special talent

place,"carried far more weight than she had for things of the oven. She

we ever realized. She meant the Grandma Shipp as she appeared in made thousands of loaves of rich

law and order of the gospel, as Jesus later years.. wholewheat bread, dozens of cookies,

Christ explained it to us Latterday and countless French fried potatoes,

Saints. We had thought it was just came around to Aunt Ida's door again and a host of other things. I some-

a whim of hersj but we found that with a sore throat. We all said it times wonder how she ever had time

it was one of the fundamental princiscared the living daylights out of for anything else.

ples of the gospel. She lived by it; him, but both Aunt Ida and GrandSpeaking of French fried potatoes,

we are still trying to do so. ma swore it was "Bingham's Linahave you ever had anyone who

Grandma had a recipe for curing ment."would cook a whole frying pan full

colds that had been handed down Grandma had another recipe for of shoestring potatoes just for you?

to her from her father who made cough sirup which was made of Well, Grandma would. And you

medicines in the times before there honey, lemon juice, and melted butcould come back for a second helping were any drugstores. This particuter. This made a warm soothing if you wanted, but generally you were

lar recipe was called "Bingham's remedy for a cough: just a little of stuffed so full you couldn't possibly.

Linament,"Bingham being Grandthat, and your throat was better. We lined up on those nights and

ma's maiden name. Her father had What it did, I don't know, but it ate dinner one at a time. It was exconcocted the medicine out of some really healed us children for years. tremely hard to wait and smell the

wonderfully healing ingredients, and I think it was a combination of the tantalizing odors coming from the

Grandma faithfully followed his exsoothing voice she had, and her faith kitchen, but we had fine appetites ample. in the Lord. We all felt that Grandma when it finally was our turn.

Our favorite story of the curative could do anything, and when she She didn't spend all her time in powers of "Bingham's Linament"was said, "Now take this, and soon you the kitchen, though. Her husband

of the postman who came around to will be all better,"we took it, and had died when my Father was seven the door of Grandma's elder sister, soon we were better. There was no (Concluded on following page)

MAY 1952 323 PORTRAIT OF GRANDMA (Concluded from preceding page) turned around and saw him. She scious memories is of us seated on

years old, and she had to work to immediately thought of the pan of the floor around her, and feeling the put him through school. In those biscuits in the house, which was the vibration of the floor as she played

times, it wasn't so easy to manage as only food they had and it had to last hour by hour those fine old melodies.

it is now. Jobs were scarce, and money them several days. She prayed to One of her favorites was "Souvenir,"

scarcer. She had one talent, though, the Lord for an inspiration as to and we had her play it whenever she

and she capitalized on it. Grandma what to do, and as quickly as she could take time out. When she was

could crochet—and she began to prayed the thought came into her younger she and her brothers and

make a few little baby caps for her head. She motioned the Indian down sisters and my father and mother

friends. Everyone in those days had off his horse. He came over by her had a mandolin club and played for

to have a crocheted cap with a and was fascinated by the wringer all the dances that were held at the colored silk lining for the new baby. which she was using. He leaned over time. There never was any better

If you didn't have a crocheted cap, closer to see it and to find out just band than that little group of humble you just weren't "in."She did make what it was, when "Snap!"Grandma folk.

some beautiful ones. Soon she excaught the end of his long braid in Grandma left quite a hole at our

panded little by little until she was the wringer and turned it clear up to house when she went to her reward supplying many to a department his head until he squealed like a at the age of eightyseven. We spent

store in Salt Lake City. It seemed to banshee. He howled and howled our first Christmas as a family alone.

be the thing to do. and did an Indian dance all his own The Christmas tree was there, and

Grandma was very enterprising. trying to get his hair disentangled. all the presents were just as nice, but

She made candy and held sales; later She wouldn't let him up until he somehow, it just was not Christmas

on, she taught Father to crochet. He had promised to go away and never without Grandma with her popcorn

made many a cap. Between the two bother them again. He did, and she strings, her cranberries made into

of them, they put him through the did, and that Indian never bothered little pie tarts, and her sweet presence.

university and he became one of the them again. Most of all, we just plain miss her.

finest consulting engineers in the Later on, when the Indians became We miss talking to her with all the whole western states. more friendly, she traded with them fine bits of wisdom and advice. We

There was an iron will and a strong for pine nuts. They would bring in will be glad to see her again on the

determination of purpose in Grand- a huge sackful on their backs, and other side. The night she died, I

ma, and when she decided to do a she would say, "Towwitch-oowaa- had a vivid picture left in my mind of thing, it didn't matter if she was pine nuts!"I don't know what it her spirit dancing in a field of flowers

ready to drop, she would keep going meant, but it had a fine foreign in her blue polka dot dress. I am sure

until she had accomplished the task. sound to it, and we children loved to she is very happy where she is, and

Yet, with all she did, she always hear her say it. I hope soon some day we all can join

had time for her Church work and Grandma played the mandolin and her there and go on living with filled many positions, one of the the steel guitar. One of my first conGrandma.

finest works being done in what was—Keystone View Co.

then called religion class. She had

qualities of leadership and great powers of ambition and drive. She

was never satisfied with a thing half done or poorly done. She said if a

thing was worth doing, it was worth doing well.

She had time for us children, too, gathered around her knees, and to tell us fantastic stories. Some she

made up, and some were quite true.

There was one we liked about the greedy Indian, which, by the way, was one of the true ones. This particular Indian came around to the

settlement of the whites, and would take all the food in sight. Grandma

didn't like him because it seemed that every time he came to her house, she had just made a big pan of hot biscuits. One day, he came into the

yard on his pony, looking arrogantly around. Grandma happened to be

out in the yard under a tree doing the washing, with a large wooden bucket and a hand wringer. She

324 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA;.,....:.

Through the Eyes of YOUTH

You like mingling with friends at firesides...

Y'OUSundayhave justSchoolsat class.throughYouanotherdon't likelike minglingthe feelingthereit withgives youryou. friendsYou limitedyou wereknowledgehelpless inandtheunderstandingface of your

know too much of what was and associates (and they're the best). of the truth. Or like the time you

discussed, but it doesn't matter a lot. You also enjoy going to Mutual and were on the bus sharing your seat

You only know the second bell has firesides. In fact you are glad you with the enthusiastic young stranger

just sounded, and you're ready to go belong to a Church which affords so who had been stirred by what he anytime. many opportunities for advancement. had seen and heard on Temple

Precedent to dismissal you are beIt's a wonderful Church, and you Square. He was asking many intelliing admonished, along with the rest are proud to be a part of it. gent questions concerning the Church

of the class, to read the scriptures So you are proud, and you go on and its doctrine, but your mumbled and study the gospel that you might gleaning a bit here and there in answers were somewhat less intelligain a testimony for yourself. You Sunday School class and sacrament gent. So the questions ceased, and

shrug mentally and think, "Maybe meeting and are satisfied. you sat in selfreproaching silence.

someday."At the moment the whole Of course, there have been times Yes, in a few such instances you

idea is, shall we say—dull? The good when your lethargic nature has been have been made to feel chagrin and

books and dry literature are for those jolted into an at least temporary state discomfort, but as time heals all seriousminded souls whose lives of remorse. Like the time John stood wounds, so does it dispel all disneed nothing more colorful. You'll in the presence of a number of noncomfort, and after each such episode

take a good lively novel for yours. Mormons making derogatory remarks you have quickly forgotten your reBesides, what you glean here and about the Church and its teachings. morse and immediately slipped back

there in Sunday School class and Deep in your heart you knew these into your comfortable state of lethsacrament meeting is really quite things were not true, and you were argy.

enough gospel for you. hurt and indignant at the unfairness * * * *

Oh, yes, you do enjoy coming to of his misleading statements. You And now time has drawn its curSunday School and Church. You wanted to defend your Church, but tain on you, and as it rises just two

and a half years later, it finds you again walking away from a Sunday

School class. Outwardly you are

much the same, but inside there is a new glow. Your being is warm

with joy and gratitude over those DULL STUFF?

gospel truths just presented, and as by Golda Faucette you glory in them you find yourself {Concluded on page 362) MAY 1952 325 Five acres irrigated with about 3 second feet of water in seven hours—the whole stream turned into one

border at a time until the water was 3 or 4 inches deep all over. NO SOIL MOVEMENT! NO WATER

RUNOFF! NO WATER LOSS FROM GOING TOO DEEP!

IMPROVEMENTS IN rigatorsby being onwashedsteep away.land: SoilAnd isexcesslost

water damages the remaining soil by leaching and drowning and bringing harmful alkali to the surface. 1

The solution to the problem, amply IRRIGATION SYSTEMS supported by the experience of countries that have been irrigated for by Justin M. Smith thousands of years, is to prepare the

land to be irrigated so that it is level. 2 3 The nearer the slope is to

Downhill irrigation has served its as we have now. As an expedient, being flat or dead level, the better.

purpose in Utah, which was to downhill irrigation has worked very Orson W. Israelsen found the maxiprovide crops for the first few well, not only for a year or two, but mum nonerosive slope to be aboutcritical years until settlements befor a hundred years also—more in onehalf of one percent in furrows.

came established. Now we must some communities and less in others. On our steep farms in Utah this

change to flat irrigation to prevent Because some dirt moves along with means that, to avoid the expense of further soil erosion and damage from water whenever it runs down hill, a leveling a whole field to be level like overirrigation, and to make our lot of the topsoil of Utah farms has a table top, we must level our land available water serve more land to moved off the farms down into the in benches.

produce more food for our growing fence rows, roadways, stream beds, machinery, modern With a farmerpopulation. reservoirs; in and storage many

level fields his can in flat at benches of the cultivated in places land leaving large rocks the on Much less cost3 level than he can to them fields. irrigais too steep for ordinaryUtah

tion. Nevertheless, our grandfathers The early Latterday Saint irri- a uniform sloping grade (which is

called "leveling"commonly in Utah).

to irrigateinvented steep land. gators, a way them, among my grandfather of Instead leaving fields the sloping

skilful of ditches, arrangementBy were prodigal of water. in their use

still to irrigated flat exposed erosion, use of furrowsand by the result their of and corexcessive The first leveling effectively stops moving ofrugations, they ran small streams of watering good. grew. Crops was But soil by water.

fields forwater periods long on their foods, out of plant now the leaching

If irrigated land is not leveled andof time. In this could they get waterlogging way ground, the low and

iWidtsoe,their A., land rise of crops "Excessive Irrigation soil alkali wet and John produce surface—all

Its Dangers,"British and AgriColumbia little verywith results of other preparation of the to overirrigation—havethe cultural Journal, 266. p. 6, Volume land.the pioneers Being in a yields kept crop farms low, our on new 2Balls, Lawrence the W., Egypt of

country, they had to produce crops probably as much as soil losses from Egyptians, Scribner's, New York, 1916.

the first year, and they didn't have erosion has. 8Conti, Marcelo, "El Agua en la Agriculmachinery to make their lands flat, This is the double problem of ir- p.tural374. Universidad de Buenos Aires, 1938,

326 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA is too steep to level in benches, a ferent from those our grandfathers who lived in the East. And so are we

conservationminded farmer will had in this intermountain country. adaptable.

plant grass upon it for a permanent Our methods of handling them must Downhill irrigation has served its pasture and to hold the soil, and be different, if we are to have a purpose in Utah, which was to pronever plow it up again. permanent agriculture here. We have vide crops for the first few critical

As the slope of the country becomes less topsoil and more people to live years until settlements became establess, the step down from one bench upon it. And with our modern lished. Now we must change to

to the next becomes less, until in the machinery we have no reason not flat irrigation to prevent further soil nearly flat bottoms of large valleys to prepare our land properly for the erosion and damage from overthere is no difference; there are only best care and to get the most from irrigation, and to make our available

the low dikes separating the various it. After all, our grandfathers were irrigation water serve more land to

pans or borders. adaptable and farmed differently produce more food for our growing

This brings up another problem. from the way their grandfathers did population.

Why put dikes on land that is already flat? To people used to flat irrigaistion, of dikes obvious. the use The in everyFromdirection—aa ditch alongpioneerthe ridge,expedient.water is flooded downhill over the pasture itrest of to out. figure us have

When flat land is irrigated, it must be covered quickly, so that very little water goes into the ground near the supply ditch before the whole pan is covered and the water starts to go down into the soil all over the border. 4 The stream is shut off

promptly at the ditch to avoid overirrigation. If each land surrounded

by dikes is small, it is easily covered with water quickly. The larger the

stream of water available, the larger lit the basins can be. They should be

covered with water within about onehalf hour; for example, a stream of

three cubic feet of water a second can cover a half acre three inches m&m$$& deep in onehalf hour. (The name m 0ml.

given to such pieces of land within dikes is different in different parts of:...::. '

the West where flat irrigation is used i.

successfully. They are called contour *iili|{;. SssSslsil

checks, borders, pans, basins, bench terraces, lands, or the Spanish word tablas.) Furrow irrigation takes work—(knowledge, skill, and willingness).

Contrast this to the small streams and long irrigation turns required for slope irrigation. While the water

used by crops on slope -irrigated farms is from twenty -five percent to forty percent of the water brought to the farms in the ditch, 5 around eighty percent of the water delivered to flat, irrigated farms can be used by the crops growing upon them. Dr. John

A. Widtsoe has stated that twice the

area now irrigated in the western states could be irrigated with the same water we have now "by a wise and more consistent use of water."6

The farms we have now are dif4Israelsen, Orson W., Irrigation Principles

and Practices, John Wiley & Sons, Inc.,

New York. 1932.

5Walker, Rudger H., "Conservation of

Natural and Human Resources,"The Instructor, Volume 86, August 1950, p. 232.

6Widtsoe, John A., Success on Irrigation

Projects, John Wiley & Sons, New York.

1928.

MAY 1952 327 SABINE'S VICTORY

by Elsa Pedersen

Sabine stared moodily out the win- "Come on, Girl. Help me saw this

dow of her father's cabinet shop. lumber, will you?"

It was the first of April, and alSabine moved away from the winthough great mounds of dirty snow dow. The whine of the power saw,

still lay between the buildings where and the need for attention in holding it had slid off steep roofs, in the sunthe boards level while her father shine it was spring. guided them past the whirling blade,

The beauty of the Alaska day was momentarily made her forget her sorlost to Sabine. She did not hear the rows.

snatches of jokes and laughter that Late in the afternoon, her work in wafted through the open door, from the shop finished, she went upstairs passersby lounging along the boardto start supper. Alone in the quiet

walk. The tarlike smell of airing of the apartment, her thoughts innets did not delight her, as in other evitably drifted to Ace Blackburn.

years. She never did understand why Ace

Her attention was focused on a had chosen her for his partner the couple who had dragged a skiff down past winter. He was so boisterous,

the beach and were now embarking highspirited, and unrestrained in his with squeals and laughter. She did joy of life. His mobile face, burned

not notice that behind her the madark by the reflected sun glaring on chinery was stilled, and her father the sea, creased in wild laughter or had come to her side. The elderly scowled in quick anger, all in the

man followed her gaze, and squinted space of a few heartbeats. He was

as he peered in the direction of the the leader of the younger fishermen harbor. and imitated by all.

"Say, there's Ace Blackburn,"he Standing before the mirror to unpin declared with happy recognition. the braids that were coiled around

"Who's that pretty girl with him?"her head, Sabine studied her reflected

... them. toward running was man face, A thin with angular Her stiffly, Sabine's jaws worked and image.

speed fear lent such could have planes that not did conform to tenseness ease theshe swallowed to conOnlyto his body. rotund

of her throat muscles before replying. ventional standards of beauty, was

"That's Lola Williams. She is a pale for want of sunshine. She reSeward girl, over here visiting her membered Lola's scornful words, instern, idly dangling a handline over

sister."tended to be overheard as she waited the side of the boat. Only when he

to be served in the grocery store. felt the tug of a fish would he erupt

Her father nodded absently. Still

"That dish of skim milk"was cutinto wild activity, hauling the line inwatching the couple on the beach, he remarked, "Haven't seen Ace ting, but as she studied herself, handover-hand. When the strugSabine's generous mouth twisted bitgling fish broke the surface, he would

for time. a long herearound Seems

terly as she silently agreed that it was shout triumphantly, or roar with lastlike foot always he under was apt. Retiring by nature, she had anger if it escaped the hook.winter. What's the matter, Sabine? drawn out of her shell onlv under After supper Tommie McNeil, oneDid you have a fight with him?"Ace's attentions. Once they ceased, of her father's cronies, stopped by the

For a long moment Sabine stared she crept back into her little world shop.

at her father, and her gray eyes were of shop and home. "Mount Iliamna is kicking up quite

wide with amazement. How could She picked up her hairbrush and a fuss tonight,"he told them. "Come

he live in the same house, share his stroked the yellow sawdust out of along to the point, and take a look."

meals with her, and work beside her her hair. Still the memory of Ace Sabine joined the two men, and

all day long, without even guessing and Lola lingered, and she was an they strolled down the boardwalk at the pain that tormented her heart? invisible guest at their picnic. to the point that guarded the entrance

"No, we didn't quarrel. He just They had gone fishing, outside the to the village harbor. The word of

likes Lola better."Her voice was cliffs past the mouth of the harbor. the volcano's unusual activity had

thick with unshed tears. Sabine pictured the scene, the sun spread, and other villagers headed

In his absentminded, fumbling beating down on restless, surging for the same destination. A carnival

way, her father caught an inkling of water which broke into lacy foam at air resulted, and the cool spring her pain. He turned abruptly and the foot of the cliffs. evening resounded with merriment.

patted her awkwardly on the shoulIt would be warm, and Ace would Cook Inlet was calm, stirred only der. blink sleepily as he slumped in the by long swells that rolled in from

328 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the North Pacific and undulated the raised, and its note of hysteria Sabine suddenly realized the danwater but did not break its glassy quickened Sabine's heart with fright. ger. She whirled. Tommie was hurrysurface. Across the smooth expanse, A man was running toward them. ing off in the direction of his home

Sabine saw Mt. Iliamna thrust far It was the operator of the wireless to save his crippled wife. Her father

above its surrounding range of mounstation. Only fear could have lent had disappeared into the shop. Sabine

tains. The volcano was white with such speed to his rotund body. His rushed after him.

snow, and above its crater a cloud voice was almost a scream. Sabine "Our papers! No use trying to save

of vapor caught the roseate glow of could not distinguish the words. anything else."Her father cast a

sunset. Whatever his message, it galvanized harried glance around the shop. Not

As they watched, the crater belched the villagers into action. In his wake much of value there could be moved

balloons of flaming gases, which he left panic, as people ran in mad two hundred feet high in a few minfloated for a moment, then disapconfusion. utes.

peared in the colorful sky. The "Tidal wave!"Sabine raced upstairs. She dived

tumult of the bystanders had ceased His words reached the trio. For a into the clothes closet and emerged

as they watched in awestricken siwild moment Sabine suspected a joke. with the brief case that contained

lence. She remembered the wireless operator their valuable papers. Through the

"The Alaska Range sure is cookin'was a notorious prankster, but one open window she heard the hysterical face, distorted at his by frantic tumult. in looktonight,"old commented Tommie

intensity, dispelled her thought. Some of the villagers ran in ciris smoking,a whisper. "Mt. Redoubt

too.""A tidal wave headed in this dicles. Others stood dumbly, staring

rection. Going to hit us within a seaward as though awaiting the giSabine turned her head and saw few minutes!"gantic wave. Still others already

that farther up the Inlet another giHe would have passed them at a clutching their valuables were headed gantic peak was also wreathed in run, but Tommie McNeil stepped into for the hills. Mothers screamed for

smoke and vapor. The awesome show his path and clutched him firmly. children, husbands shouted for wives.

of nature's force frightened her. She Panting, almost sobbing with exciteOver all, the schoolhouse bell

felt dwarfed by the immensity of the ment, the man allowed himself to be started to toll. Its insistent rhythm

elements and wondered fearfully if stopped. summoned the people, and Sabine

the eruptions were a prelude to "Is this true?"Tommie demanded remembered that the building, crowndisaster. Forty years ago, she heard harshly. "How do you know?"ing a knoll overlooking the town, was

oldtimers tell, another mountain in Still gasping, the man nodded his well over two hundred feet above the the same range had blown its top head vehemently. Then he regained harbor.

area the surroundingand covered voice. his to downstairs rushing Before and foot of volcanic awith more than "Radio winstation at Kodiak Naval safety, out the front looked she

ash.

Base. Got planes out, keeping track dow, half expecting to see the monDispirited and depressed by the of wave."strous wave come rolling in from the

day's happenings, she silently folPacific. Her glance fell. She stiflowed her companions home. Idly i'"-> fened with horror. The beach in

she wondered if Ace and Lola were front of the shop, where Ace kept watching the eruption from their his skiff, was empty. Ace and Lola

vantage point outside the harbor. were still out on the water.

Lola was not the type to enjoy Sabine closed her eyes and shudscenery, but even she must be imdered. She pictured the couple lazpressed by the volcanic activity.

ing in their boat, unconscious of the

In her downhearted mood, Sabine danger that was swooping down on took a perverse pleasure in torturing them. They were too far away to

herself with an unflattering comparicatch the uproar in the village. She

son to Lola Williams. In all honesty, knew with utter certainty that no one

she could not blame Ace for preferring would think to warn them.

her successor. She leaped for the stairs. Her

The partIndian girl, with her father awaited her.

vivid dusky beauty, was as high- "Go to the schoolhouse,"she orhearted as Ace himself. With her dered, thrusting the brief case at

arrival the laughter was louder, the him. "I've got to find someone to go

quarrels hotter, as she and Ace led after Ace."

the gang in their gay activities. Even With a convulsive movement he Her father opened his mouth to

if she had wanted to, Sabine knew tore himself away. Again he lifted protest, then subsided when Sabine

she could not have kept the pace of his voice to a shout and resumed his disappeared before he could speak.

dances, parties, and picnics. Better race through the village. On the boardwalk, she paused and

for her, she decided, to withdraw alDumbly Sabine stared after him. gazed frantically in either direction.

together. There was something heroic about The commotion had abated, giving

Sabine, her father, and old Tommie him, a modern Paul Revere. His way to an air of grim purpose. The

McNeil had nearly reached the thought was to warn the villagers, people streamed from their homes, cabinet shop when an uproar started forgetting that he might have been some heavily laden, others emptyfarther down the walk. A shout was saving himself. (Continued on following page)

MAY 1952 329 SABINE'S VICTORY (Continued from preceding page) voice dimmed by the distance that had made it in time. The drifting

handed. All headed for the schoolalready separated them. She paid skiff was pointed up the Inlet, and

house or the slopes that surrounded no attention but rowed steadily onLola spotted the oncoming dory. Sathe harbor. ward. bine saw her lean forward, then

As one or another of her acquaintShe stood in the dory and faced Ace twisted in the stern seat so that ances passed, Sabine snatched at forward, pushing at the oars fisherhe could stare incredulously in her them desperately. Futilely she gasped man fashion. She concentrated on direction.

out her appeal for help. She was rowing, intent on making every stroke "A tidal wave is coming!"Sabine

shaken off, usually without a word count. On the forward motion she shouted.

to soften the refusal. leaned into the stroke with all the She was close enough to see the

She ran down the walk, seeking strength in her slim body, rocking blank, unbelieving look that covered some of Ace's particular friends. None back smoothly when the oar had both faces.

of them were in sight. She hurried completed its span. Remembering the "Hurry!"she shrieked. "We've got

on. As she came to the cannery, distance she had to go, she conserved to get ashore and into the hills."

she saw Luke Eaton, young son of her strength by holding a steady, To her own ears her tone sounded the salmon cannery owner, run into even pace. hysterical. It convinced Ace. He

the building. Grimly she followed The tumult of the village dimmed, thrust his fishing line at Lola, who

him. and only the tolling of the bell echoed jerked it into the skiff in a tangled

Luke Eaton had never mingled musically over the harbor. The mass. While she did so, he labored

with the young people of the vilsteady "clackclack"of the oarlocks over the outboard motor.

lage, and Ace and his friends confilled her ears, with the chuckle of Sabine saw his anger, as the sidered him a snob. Sabine was the water on the bow of the dory balky engine refused to start. While

made shy by his cool, impersonal providing a muted undertone. he cranked, she dropped the oars

glance, and after they had finished Sabine smiled grimly, as she reand reached for the painter. She

school she seldom spoke to him. Now membered that Ace had taught her coiled it neatly and held it ready to

she forgot her timidity, as she came to row, had given her a chance to throw to Ace when he started up upon him tearing a large First Aid practise as they trolled for fish on and could take her in tow.

kit off the office wall. sunlit winter days. Then their light After repeated jerks and windings

"Luke, you've got to help me,"hearts had no inkling of disaster. of the starter cord, the outbsard motor

she gasped. "Ace and Lola are fishing The thought reminded her of the coughed and roared smokily. Ace

out by the cliffs. Someone must go impending cataclysm. She realized adjusted the engine frantically, while

get them."vaguely that the deadline the wireless glancing over his shoulder to get his

As she spoke, the horror of the operator pronounced was probably bearings. He made a wide circle,

situation nearly overwhelmed her. long since passed. Her stroke slowed and Sabine waited in poised readiness

Her gray eyes glowed luminously, momentarily, as she straightened and for him to approach the dory.

and her angular face was even more stared seaward. All was calm, with She could see that Lola was terridrawn and bony. the distance shrouded in violet haze. fied. Her face was blanched of its

Luke shook his head impatiently. She swung around and winced at rosiness, so that her skin was a

"I can't, Sabine. I'm on the Rescue twinges of pain from overtaxed musmuddy brown. She leaned forward

Squad, and we're going to evacuate cles. Then pain was forgotten, as and shouted to Ace, as though urging

the hospital."He brushed past her, she spotted Ace's skiff gently rising him to greater speed. He reached

then paused. His stern young face and falling on the incoming tide. out and patted her on the shoulder,

softened for a moment, and he finSeizing the oars with renewed and Sabine saw him grin reassuringly.

ished. "I'm sorry."vigor, she headed for the unsuspectThe distance between the two boats

Sabine's shoulders sagged. It was ing couple. With her goal in sight, widened. Sabine frowned uneasily.

no use. No one would go. she was wearily thankful that she Then she shook her head in disbelief.

For a moment she was defeated. Ace had straightened his course and

Her dull eyes wandered to the water's PIONEER MOTHER headed for the harbor.

edge. A trim, red -painted dory rolled By Enola Chamberlin The painter thudded in the botin the gentle wash of the sea. It tom of the dory, as it fell from her

f in paint her dress a lilac cannot little craft, Luke's his pridewas and nerveless hands. Wearily she sank * idle folded serene. hands, not nor With

joy. Sabine often seen had him row the seat. was Her mind down on faith faced She land's a emptiness, with new

around the harbor, a solitary figure And day by day set distances between numb. She could not even summon

who seemed lonely in spite of his Herself and all she knew. Her life was anger. Dumbly she stared at a gull, bare

exalted position. As life can be. She cooked our simple food wheeling and screaming raucously

She stiffened as the thought leaped Above a campfire's heat and smoke and above her. Then her eyes swept the

fullblown into her mind. In a flash She glare.washed in streams the clothing for her horizon, and she wondered what she

she jumped off the cannery porch brood. was doing out here on the Inlet.

fell to her hands lyingand ran down the beach. An instant NoThatlilacwatcheddress, butwithrich,eagerfarseeingfaith theeyes, road Her glance

later she had left the shore and was unroll, in her lap. Her fingers were curled

rowing toward the cliffs. From the That saw God's wonders in the alien skies, as though still cradling the oars, and

stiffly and with slope in the direction of the hospital NoThatfoldedfed allhands,beautybutto fingerher questingtips thatsoul.lay she forced them open

she heard Luke shout, his protesting Upon my heart and drove all fear away. (Continued on page 351)

330 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Pioneer PARTY adollne Ltobuard JJ.ixon,

Howpartywouldwearingyou alikedressto thatattenddateda back to Latterday Saint history in Nauvoo, Illinois,... or to half a

a century ago, when electric lights were first turned on in the homes of a Utah community?

A handful of cousins did and enjoyed it immensely—some women

brought together when a Californian returned to her home town to visit her numerous "country cousins."

They had been invited to spend the afternoon at the home of Mrs. Jennie

Dixon McClellan in Payson, Utah, and her merry eyes twinkled as she let them into the double parlor decorated during the "gay nineties"by the wife of a former mayor of the town. Three generations of dresses: L to R: Marie Douglass Stephensen, dress

"I have dresses for all of you to of 1875; Kathryn Douglass Groesbeck, dress of 1843; Arlis Douglass

wear today,"she told them. "Come Hutchinson, dress of 1897.

upstairs, and we'll see which will fit each of you."this mischievouseyed youngster of robe near which a low, rounded

The cousins cast their eyes about the group had failed to investigate trunk crouched in the corner.

the old house, then followed her up this home of her great aunt before Jennie waited expectantly as they the stairway. Nothing had been she had reached her present status examined the room. With a certain

changed since they had come here as wife and homemaker. awe, they felt the drama of the moas children. The Georgian loveseat "I used to come here often,"Nell, ment. Here it was that their Aunt

with its matching chairs were as the eldest of the group told them. Mamie had lived while she was the

elegant as ever in their carved, "Jennie and I were bosom friends, social queen of the town. In this

rounded frames and their green silk you know, and she was a favorite very bedroom she had preened beupholstering. The waxed fruit and of Aunt Mamie's."fore going down to climb into the

flowers under the glass dome were as "Weren't you the lucky one!"rered-wheeled buggy beside Uncle

untouchable. The lace curtains marked Kathryn to Jennie, the pair Hyrum, a portly gentleman who

hung at the windows, and the of them padding along ahead of the wore a moustache and carried a goldflowered carpet covered the floor. others. handled cane. For her he had acOnly Jennie had changed. When "Lucky?"Jennie questioned. cumulated a small fortune in cattle

they had come here as children, she "To inherit all of this,"Kathryn and a store on main street. They

had been the little girl from across explained. Jennie paused at the had had no children; and when

the street. Now, in her widowhood, landing and turned to look into the Jennie had been widowed, they

she lived here as mother, grandfaces of her cousins. Losing your simply took her and her children

mother, and even greatgrandmother. husband and being left with four to live with them.

The feet of the cousins thudded little children wasn't exactly luck. The entire story was in their minds

on the soft carpet of the stairs as they Living in this house came about only as Jennie stooped to the low trunk followed their hostess up the steps. through a strange course of events. and threw back its lid. A stack of

Their merry voices filled the heights On the upper floor she led them white eyelet embroidered petticoats of the stairwell. "I was never in the into a bedroom off the hall. "This lay starched and clean as if ready

upstairs,"Marie told them. was Aunt Mamie's room,"she said, for use once they came into style

"Nor I,"Arlis returned, though indicating the gleaming brass bed, again. Jennie pushed them aside

it was difficult to understand how the oak dresser, and the huge ward- (Concluded on following page)

MAY 1952 331 PIONEER PARTY

(Continued from preceding page) Grandpa's place quite often, they wedding,"she said, tossing Nell a and fumbled into the lower regions said."smile of intimate approval. "But beof the trunk. Suddenly an expression Jennie had heard the story dozens fore I show those to you, I want to

of reward crossed her face as she of times and was back at the wardlet you see two others that were my struggled to a standing position, her robe again. This time she brought mother's."

hands holding a dress of dull black out a worn hatbox, and from it she She brought more boxes from the silk. lifted a small straw bonnet. Bright wardrobe, and additional dresses

She held it before her, letting the little flowers were clustered at its low were spread upon the white coverlet folds fall from her shoulders. "This crown, and long ribbons of tanof the bed. "This brown taffeta beis one of the oldest dresses in the colored taffeta were tacked at each longed to my mother, about 1880.

state of Utah,"she told them. "Aunt side, to be tied under the chin of The green band on the skirt and

Mamie wore it over a hundred years the wearer. across the shoulders were high style,

ago.""It reminds me of Gone with the she told me, and she wore hoops with

The cousins touched the dress, and Wind,"Marie remarked, as she it, of course, though they are smaller the voluminous skirt cascaded to the brought to mind a favorite story of than those worn with the black floor. Arlis lifted the white lace her college days. "But look, what's dress."

jabot that fell across the bosom of this?"Her finger indicated a small Another of her mother's was a

the dress and then laid her finger tab sewed into the lining. long black skirt with plaited flounce

on the lace at the neckline. "The On it were embroidered the words: at the lower edge, with a black pettilace around the neck is called "Worn by Agnes Cross Douglass in coat edged in eyelet embroidery to

'niching,'isn't it?"Nauvoo, 111., 1843."be worn with it. The upper part of

"That's right,"Jennie told her. "Imagine that,"Arlis marveled. the costume proved to be a beautiful

She was searching the wardrobe now, "It's over a hundred years old."creamcolored waist of satin, handand from behind the racks of dresses Marie's eyes grew large in wonder. embroidered across the bosom.

she brought forth a set of intricately "It's older than Scarlett's, then. Her Then she brought her own dresses

made hoops. "These were worn with story took place about 1863, when from their storage places. Her wedCivil the on."War was half ding of creamcolored a dozen dress was and dress—these

Saints came "The it West in 1847,"silk, heavily out,"embroidered, stand the neck makethepetticoats—to

she explained. Kathryn mused. finished with what Jennie termed a

to turned the Jennie had now it collar."tiny that It was so "dog as big was around lower hoop The

its top shelf she wardrobe, and from of doubtful whether any was them a bicycleas additional wheel, each hoop becoming smaller until the top pulled a stiff cardboard box. "This could wear it.

was Aunt Mamie's wedding dress,"hoop almost reached the waist. Tiny Her bridesmaid dress was of pink

she said, her fingers tugging anxiously hinges made the hoops collapsible, brocaded damask, with black tape and the entire set was held together at the string. Lifting the lid, she in triple rows as trimming for the

rustled the yellow tissue slightly as of tape. linenwith bands

at theplace their attention, top held A hollow she pushed it aside, and then they front,lower edgeand ofa thecascadeskirt andof blackthe bodicelace and as Kathryn stepped into them, all saw the dress, its blue loveliness fell across each of the shoulders.

even before showing it was unfolded she arranged it at the back "You wore that on my wedding place. from its storage

"No! No!"Jennie laughed. "The "It's made of French imported night,"Nell recalled. "And my dress

hollow place doesn't go in back. It taffeta. See the saucy bustle in the was cream brocaded satin."

goes in front. It's for the expecting back, edged in this real lace of ecru. "Your hair was as black then as it

mother and the baby that swells her And notice all of this hand shirring!"is white today,"Jennie remarked.

figure.""It's a lovely thing,"Arlis agreed, "That was over fifty years ago."

They all laughed; then Kathryn "but how modest they were! Such A light kindled in Nell's eyes.

became thoughtful. "Her first child high necks and long sleeves! And the "New Year's Eve, 1897,"she rewas born two weeks after the wagon skirts must have touched the floor!"marked. "We had electric lights in

train started across the plains for Kathryn was figuring. "This dress our home for the first time that

Utah."Kathryn had become family night."

historian, now that she had given up wasdress,a generationwasn't it?"away from the black The shadows of the poplar trees

schoolteaching and was, instead, the had begun to lengthen before the nodded. Jennie "Aunt was Mamie ofwife a schoolteacher. "They for refreshdownstairs group came

of the youngest daughter Agnes forstopped days,"two she told them, dress the that ments, each wearing dress. Douglass, the black owned who"then caught with the up main fitted best. reduring her the And sister this helped blue Her makeparty."of the the thoughts mainder and day

I've dress, told."wedding been "That's how they became acthe conversation of the cousins, dequainted with Brigham Young,"Nell "Do you have a third generation scendants of pioneer stock and

told them. "It was his second trip dress?"Kathryn wanted to know. dressed in the feminine finery of those

West, and he was the leader of the Jennie smiled in satisfaction. She early days, dwelt upon their heritage

company in which they were travelhad wanted to show her very own. This pioneer party helped them to

ing. He often stopped in this settle- "I have my wedding dress and the better understand the past and apment in later years, had dinner at one I wore as a bridesmaid at Nell's preciate the present.

332 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ing. This was more important than

bread or anything right now.

"'Ve owe vone big load of hay, and I vant you boys should go in de soutvest corner of de field vere de vild Foxtail hay is much finer and not coarse. Be

sure you get no foxtail hay. Ve must

by Eugene Olsen give de best to de Lord. Remember,

no foxtail.'

Karlton came home feeling pretty sister, and he felt bad to think of "Years later, one of Carl's boys low. For days he had planned parting with her. But he could not told me that that was the best sermon

on his trip to settle tithes with take care of baby and do all the on tithing that had been preached.

the bishop. Just think of a boy of other things, too. Besides this, he Because when he and your greatten who had $15.97 to pay in tithing! couldn't speak English very well. He greatgrandfather drove into the tithHe had gone over in his mind how was a Norwegian shoemaker who had ing yard, the first thing they noticed

surprised the bishop would be, and joined the Church and was now trywas that some of the hay there had how he would slip his arm around ing to farm. It was such a struggle lots of foxtail in it. They were proud

him and compliment him. that one winter they had lived on that even though they had no bread

When he arrived at the bishop's bread and roots of sego lilies, with to eat, their father didn't pick out office, it was crowded. There were now and then a piece of mutton that the coarse swampy hay for tithing.

money and checks on the tables in some neighbor gave them. "After they unloaded, another

piles. His small contribution made "While Carl was thinking of his wagon moved up and covered their

no showing at all. Worst of all, the troubles, his pet sheep came up to good hay so that no one ever knew

ward clerk who took his money had the window and put its nose up to about it but the boys. And the bishop

to ask his name. What should have be petted. 'Aha,'said Carl, 'you want didn't come out and tell them what

been a great event had been a disap- a crust of bread.'He went to the fine boys they were for working so

pointment. He had been embarrassed wall and took down a flour sack hard to bring in the hay."

and illat-ease. It seemed like a whole half full of crusts that had been saved Karlton looked at his mother in

year's work gone to waste. and dried. The sheep ate the bread silence. Then he smiled. "Golly,

"Mother,"he said when he arrived and waited for more. Carl started Mom, I don't know as $15.97 is so

home, "no one cared whether I paid to laugh. He remembered that they much after all. If I was starving, I

my tithing or not. They didn't even had been out of bread that morning don't know if I could do like that or

know my name and seemed glad but here was bread two or three years not. I'd feel like selling the hay and

when I was out of the way. I could old. And to think he would forget buying food."

have gone to a lot of shows for the sack. Now they could have bread Mrs. Bidgood saw that her boy

fifteen dollars."soup for supper, and the boys would was smiling again. "Whenever it

Mrs. Bidgood was troubled by his love it. seems hard to pay my tithes,"she

attitude and left off washing dishes. "Just then Christian came rushing concluded, "I always think of 'reAs she dried her hands, she was in and scared the sheep away. 'The member, no foxtail,'and then it is

thinking how to meet this apparent team is hooked up, Father. Where easy."

slight. "Son, how old are you?"shall we get the hay for tithing?'

she asked. "Carl turned toward his boy. He When he arrived at the bishop's office,

it was crowded. "I'm nearly eleven."He straightmust teach him a good lesson in tithened up an inch taller.

"Just as I thought. You're almost

grown up, so I must tell you that the bishop spoiled you with kindness every time you brought a few pennies for tithing. He is a very busy man

and spends lots of time for us."She

knew that her boy had been taught why he should give a tenth of his earnings. She must find something

else that would illustrate the law.

"One day many years ago,"she said, "your greatgreat-grandfather,

Carl, sat in his little rock house and looked out its one small window. He

was very lonely because his wife had died and left him with five small children. He had to earn the living,

do the cooking, wash the clothes, do the ironing, and a hundred other things each day. He had finally

decided to give the baby girl to his

MAY 1952

TIHI RN JTJS &<Az\sCL4\&

GREAT MESSAGE OF PEACE the war from 1946 to 1948. The story WHAT EISENHOWER THINKS

AND HAPPINESS is intimately told, often eloquently. (Edited and Interpreted by Allan Tay-

(Thomas Stuart Ferguson, octavo pubThose interested in the sad chapter of lor, Thomas Y. Crowell Company, New

lished by the author, 1 Irving Lane, human behavior will find this volume York. 1952. 186 pages. $2.75.)

Orinda, California. 28 pages. 60 cents. both interesting and instructive. A llan Taylor is a staff member of

A. W. The New York Times Sunday50 cents to missionaries.)—J.

HThis unusual pamphlet designed to Magazine. He has produced a book of

aid missionaries is not beautionly a ful printing also ALCOHOLISM OR ABSTINENCE nineteenand quotationschaptersfromof Generalmixed commentaryDwight D. specimen of good but

presents a series of rather unusual pic- (C. Aubrey Hearn. The Standard PubEisenhower, which, in effect, constitures of the works of the people of Anlishing Company, Cincinnati, Ohio. tutes one of the opening guns in the

96 pages. 85 cents.) campaign to "draft"General Eisencient America. It is a challenging booklet. There was a high civilization in An intelligent and powerful argument hower for the presidency of the United

the America of the past; there were against the use of alcohol, excelStates. According to Mr. Taylor "the

people here of Hebrew descent. The lently organized.—/. A. W. purpose of this book is to present

booklet closes with the story and mesthrough Eisenhower's words—selected

ofsage of the Book Mormon. The last THIS AMERICAN PEOPLE forhis theirattitudebearingtowardson particularsome of thetopicsmost carries beautiful of picturepage a

Harper Johnson. (Gerald W. this nation confronting & Bros., vital problems wellknownJoseph Smith—the 1951. 205 pages. York. $2.75.) profile New effort to result is the today."of the The net Prophet.—/. A. W.

,rpHE author states, "to be American identify an American hero with the life.GIANTS OF GEOLOGY requires thought, effort, and, espetraditional "values"of American

(Carroll Mildred L. Fenton and Adams clear the wellknown makes volume traces cially, courage."the The then He

Fenton. Doubleday and Company, beEisenhower that General position States of the United from Inc., development

Garden City, New York. 333 pages. 1952. the Declaration of Independence and lieves the problems of Europe and the

$3.50.) the Constitution down to the present, world are American problems, whether

it or not. On more crucial quesOersons who are not professional and he believes that the same kind of we like

scientists may taste the joy of sciencourageous thinking is required today tions those of public finance and the tific inquiry and discovery by the reading as in the early days of the nation. This impact of fiscal policy on America's

of the origin, development, and conquest is a stimulating and exhilarating book domestic and foreign policy, the book in the several branches of science. This to read in this day of easy discourageleaves us with a gap. There will probbook does just that. The story of earth ment. Even though the reader may not ably be no answers to these fundamental

science is related simply and through agree completely with all that the questions if and until General Eisenthe lives of the people who gathered author writes, the reader will be chalhower campaigns personally for the the fragments of knowledge and put lenged to clearer, more analytical thinkpresidency.—G. H. D.

together to bring the aboutthem honing of about the problem government. CHANCELLOR'S PARTY THEorable science of dependable and those will find not of this nation Even Liljenquist. Press Playwright (Dongeology. Anecdotes person each make the stimulating book and 1949. Salt 132 City, Utah. Lake

is It clearly. stand outand his work C. /. pages.—M.valuable.entertaining as good, as well informative reading.—J. A. W. THE LIVING BIBLE HpHisnial isplay,Iowa'swrittenprizewinningwhile the centenauthor

WET SCIENCE INVADES (Edited by Robert A. Ballou. Viking was a student at the State University

THE SCHOOLS Press, New York. 1952. 729 pages. of Iowa. It was successfully produced

(Ernest Gordon, published by author, $3.75.) in the University Theater eleven times,

Evanston, Illinois. 146 pages. 1951. and should be produced, if it has not

$2.00.) "TPhe author, who a few years ago already been done, in the author's

Alcohol seeks to defend its iniquity edited the Bible Designed to be native state. It is good reading.

Literature, an has done Read as Living possible in every manner. The—/. A. W. in this book, basing exceptional work areschools and churches not immune. IT BIBLE text version his the King of THE on James YOU WANT WHEN informativeThis little book gives what

Associa- (Lewis Leary, compiler. Gaston Bible. Into the book the he has woven ofseems evidence to be convincing

Press, 1951. $1.00.) in addition to the pretion the New York. Apocrypha defensethe attempted the vendors by

pursesized collection pocketand HThis gospel sayings of Jesus.

of alcohol to secure the of the support schools and the churches of the land. Undoubtedly this shortened version of verses from the Bible will make

For those interested, and all should be, will serve as a gateway into the Bible an interesting gift item to those who this might be a very helpful volume. that otherwise might be closed because are in the armed services or those at

cleverly gradureaders Arranged extraneous the home. with young many A. W. to—J. finger index, of quotations the as the print material as the size well ated size

THY PEOPLE, MY PEOPLE fosters disinterest. However, those who deal with What to Read When—happy,

(Elizabeth Hoemberg. Thomas Crowell read this version will have their introthankful, critical, impatient, illtreated,

and Company, New York. 314 pages. duction to Bible history, literature, and angry, tempted, discouraged, frightened,

$3.75.) religion so firmly in mind that they together with other classifications.

'T'he Canadian wife of a German citiwill desire to know the complete Bible Christians will find it genuinely stimuzen presents here the inside story and will turn to it more fully prepared lating and useful.—M. C. /.

of what it was like in Germany after to understand its grandeur.—M. C. /. (Concluded on page 346)

334 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Silva Muro of Los Angeles and herGenealogydaughter Maria have attended the temple excursions in Mesa. Maria,

who has served two fullterm missions, one to Mexico and one in the What Price Liberty? SpanishAmerican Mission, has been

by Ivie H. Jones excellent help in the temple, translating and helping in the clothing department.

Sister Muro has been a widow for twenty -seven years. At the time of

her husband's death in Ciudad Juarez in 1924, none of the family had ever heard of the restored gospel. Soon

after their baptism in 1932 she moved to the United States where they have all been active in the Church. Sister

Muro served as Relief Society president in El Paso and later in the same capacity in Los Angeles, where the family still resides.

Sister Muro has made several trips to Mexico in search of genealogical data and has managed to secure information on a few names back one generation. Each year she has found

it increasingly difficult to get this

Los Angeles Trio to Mexico in search of family records. information, and two summers

Left to right: Sister Luisa Silva Muro, Simon Mejia, his mother—Sister ago her trip to Mexico was almost a

Grano. Angelina

Brother Mejia is the heir to both his mother's and his father's lines. failure as she did not clear one name.

In the late fall of 1950 she made people in all parts of the have heard of the gospel and its another trip to Mexico in companyToday world are asking themselves, teachings in the spirit world, and with Brother Mejia and his mother, "What price liberty?"Nations they have accepted the message and Sister Angelina Grano. This time

have come to regard the "sword"believe in the great plan of salvation. she went prepared. She spent a

and combat equipment as the price What then? How can they be bapcouple of days in El Paso checking the

necessary to bring freedom. tized and be freed from their spiritual records in the mission office and

To members of the Church of Jesus prison if their loved ones do not take getting her work sheets ready.

Christ of Latterday Saints, freedom the time to search out their records or After she returned, with the help means more than the settling of nado the work for them that they canof the genealogical department of the tional disputes; it means more than not do for themselves? mission office, all the information

freedom from physical want. The spirit of Elijah has touched secured was prepared in family group

War and bloodshed and suffering the hearts of the Mexican people, sheet form and nineteen of these can never bring freedom of the soul. and many of them are making great sheets, with some eightyfour names,

True freedom must come from a sacrifices to search out the records ready for clearing at the Index knowledge of the God who created of their dead. On some family lines, Bureau, were typed up ready to be

us, the understanding of the plan of after the first generation, the only mailed to Salt Lake City. Other

salvation, and from compliance with source of information must come dinames are ready for clearing, but they the laws and ordinances of the rerectly from Mexico. Someone must'are being held on the twentyseven

stored Church of our Savior. make the journey, for correspondence additional family group sheets awaitJesus said, "... Except a man is often unsatisfactory. And merely'ing more information on other names

be born again, he cannot see the going to Mexico gives no assurance on the sheets.

kingdom of God."(John 3:3.) That that the patron will return with the As Sister Muro left the mission

means both the living and the dead, valuable information he desires. Much home with her new Book of Rememfor God's laws are eternal. of the success of these trips depends brance containing a typewritten copy

As one scans the bit of family hisupon the preparation in advance. of all the completed sheets, all the

tory penned on yellowed pages of the Knowing what informationhas alnew sheets, and the new work sheets, family Bible or a few incomplete ready been secured and what is still together with the thirtyeight cerfamily group sheets loosely tacked needed is the best way to insure a tificates, she cried for joy.

between flimsy cardboard covers on fruitful attempt to get records, and This is the result of dreams, the Book of Remembrance, he is starting "Family Group Work "Sheets"prayers, hopes, savings, sacrifices, and prone to ask, "How much longer in advance is a safeguard. tears. The trip to Mexico in 1950

must they wait? When will someone Every year since 1945 when the was an expensive one for a widow

give them their freedom?"temple sessions were first solemnized woman, for it cost her fifteen hundred

Perhaps many of our loved ones in the Spanish language, Sister Luisa (Concluded on following page)

MAY 1952 335 What Price Liberty?

(Concluded from preceding page) pesos for the trip alone and one hundred and ninety pesos for the thirtyeight certificates (at five pesos each);

and then the trip to El Paso from

Los Angeles to check her records and secure help in getting her genealogy in shape to send to Salt Lake City

VicGene's costmoney.her fifty dollars in American

This total of some two thousand pesos is an average expense of $2.56

for each name that can be cleared. DENIM This seems like a lot of money, but

let us compare it with the average cost of bringing one living convert into the Church. The average for COVERALLS the missions of the Church is more

than five hundred dollars for each convert.

For work or play... comfortable, Sister Muro and Maria were at the

feminine coveralls made of SanforArizona Temple again this October ized denim with front zippers, big when the sons and daughters of Lehi pockets. Faded blue, lilac, lime, gathered to do work for their dead in

coral, gold, charcoal. Sizes 1018. the sacred Arizona Temple, and with

ZCMI SPORTSWEARSecond Floor the help of her friends she gave to about one hundred of her dead ancestors, liberty, and the hope of an exaltation in the celestial kingdom "... Except a man be born of water 595

and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God."(Ibid.,

3:5.) A LEADING CASUAL FASHION The worth of souls is great, and no price is too high.

OUTSTRETCHED WINGS

By Elizabeth H. deBlaquiere

Oh,mentI have watched in breathless wonderlift their airplanes wings and The humming to: Orders soar ZCMI MANNERS, MailMARGOT

force unspent, flight! Their the eagle's Above Salt 10, Utah City Lake

They mount the hills; their hidden motors

Please send the following VicGene denim coverroar.

alls at 5.95 a pair: Equipped to speed across the curving world,

Like pirates now they raid untrespassed

Quantity Size 1st Color 2nd Color Cost space

Until they reach the rainbow just unfurled

To bind them in its prism's arched embrace.

Within some planet's starlit arms they seem

To rest awhile, then wend their charted way; CashQ Charge D C.O.D.D Still whirling through the surf of air, they

gleam Against the pallid moon. All night, all

day Each pilot guides his eager craft, then brings

City Zor.State It home at last on throbbing, outstretched

Please add 18$ postage for first pair of coveralls; 5$ wings.

for each additional pair. Utah residents please add

2% state sales tax.

336 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

YOU WIN HEADS

Tall,.heavy wheat or low,

bunchy Ladino... the challenge

is the same. How can you get

every possible kernel at the lowest cost? And how can you make

every pod of beans and peas shell out for you f The fullwidth flow of your crop into the ALLCROP Harvester is the answer. Across the

sickle, up the draper, the crop goes spread out for easy, unrestricted threshing.

Every head is subjected to a gentle, but thorough, shelling action by the full width, rubbercylinder and spiralbar faced,

ValRoot Bitter of Peterson Lars King Wheat a Peterson Mr. winner a picks Montana, concaves. ley, rubber with Champion Grand International tentime harbarley, oats, and wheat, bred carefully his AL,L,-tivr. or his own beans with grain prize extra grain, his vests You get high seed with the longarc, airblast

practiCalifornia, Gait, of B. Howard Charles too. And pounds of separation, harvest to field system the "shaves"cally reor Howard250 Mr. acre. per seed of Ladino as seed protects as much saves strawrack his ports cloverALLCROP the oversize used formerly—ana of harvesters types other low.'at a fraction of the cost! your final payoff in the grain

- -rj*l bin.

You're ahead all the way because of the low cost, the easy operation and adjustment of the

ALLCROP Harvester.

On any crop, tall or short..

in any year, good or bad... you

win a fullyield return with the

ALLCROP Harvester. Ask any

of the more than 200,000 farmers and ranchers who have prov= edit.

is an ALLCROP trademark. AllisChalmers

1, U. S, A. ALUSCHALMERS I TRACTOR DIVISION MILWAUKEE \f

MAY 1952 M.I.A. ACTIVITIES

We salute these M.I.A. groups for their participation in

M.I.A. programs: (top to bottom) Fairmount Ward, San

Diego (California) Stake, Mia Maids tying their rose bouquet.

Bee Hive Girls'ballet of the Boise First Ward, Boise (Idaho)

Stake, and another picture from that ward's Gold and Green ball, which honored their Honor Bees, Mia Joys, Silver

Gleaners, and Golden Gleaners. The Springville First Ward,

Kolob (Utah) Stake, Mia Maids rosetying ceremony.

338 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

We've been asked..

"What's wrong about integration? It's the way

j operate, too!"

Many businessmen have said: "This 'integration'you big companies are attacked for is just a

matter of doing more than one part of a job. So what's

wrong about that? It's the way I operate, too!"

Consider first that "integration"means simply carrying a job through several steps. Integration

can't make a good company bad. It's a method

any business may use as it competes for your patronage, increasing its efficiency and benefiting you by keeping prices down. Let's compare our method

of operation with that of another integrated fuelproducer whose system is centuries old:

A woodcutter goes into a forest and Now if the woodcutter takes the next fells trees. Standard drills into the ground step and cuts the logs into fireplace size, he

and brings up oil. If the woodcutter sells has become an integrated business. Like him,

the logs then and there... and if Standard Standard works to turn the product into the

sells the crude oil to some buyer at the forms you use. We refine our crude oil into

well... there's no integration. Each has gasoline, lubricants, fuel oil, and other prodperformed only one part of the job. v. \? iffiueffc tats. i..jjffl ucts. So we're integrated, too.

When the woodcutter hauls a load of And if the woodcutter finally sells the firewood he extends his integration. He's firewood to you, his operation is fully intenow in the transportation business... as grated. Ours is, too, when we sell you fuel oil

is Standard when we use our tankers and... or when we sell gasoline through Companypipelines to transport oil from well to reowned service stations. So is integration

finery, and the refined products from there wrong? Not at all. And we make best use of

to areas where they'll be used. it to bring you better products at low cost.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

MAY 1952 339 vv:Wfc.vi:V:::;: THE WORLD OF THE JAREDITES

Good (Continued from page 318) the fact that they were past masters when he was executed for murdering at dodging and hiding. Their history

a righteous judge; King Noah, of begins with Nimrah and Omer hidmixed Mulekite descent, horrified the ing in the wilderness and ends with

Nephites by introducing the ways of Shiz and Coriantumr and Ether himthe old Jaredite kings—oppressive self doing the same. Are we to betaxation, whoredoms, and abominalieve of such people that when "...

tions, "... elegant and spacious part of them fled to the army of Shiz,

buildings,..."the pursuit of his and a part of them fled to the army of

opponents into the wilderness, priestCoriantumr..."(Ibid., 14:20), none

ly colleges and ritual hierodules, and of them "attempted to flee to the all the rest. We have here two opwilderness or that no one tried

posing ways of life, with strong indito get away when "... the cry went

cation that all the popular support is forth throughout the land..."that

by no means on the side of the NeShiz was approaching, sweeping the phites. That the name of the prize earth before him (Ibid., 14:18), or

rebel of them all, Gadianton, is not that no one succeeded in escaping found in the short Jaredite list is not when "the people began to be frightProspector to be wondered at, but we only need ened, and began to flee before the to compare it with such titles as armies of Coriantumr"? (Ibid.,

Morianton and Corianton to realize 14:27.) When we read that the wild

that it is good Jaredite. hosts "... swept off the inhabitants

There is nothing in the Book of before them, all them that would not

SALT LAKE CITYDENVER Mormon that shows direct contact join them..."(Ibid., 14:27), the pic-

a child in the slumber like You'll the Nephites between and their is of doing people that the Jaredture choice of on your accommodation is always a gobetween—ites. There of the classic the way, get out best to sleeping Prospector. Allnew the

cars, featuring upper and lower the Mulekites, who, as the story of picture of those who "flee to the roomettes, bedrooms, berths, elder the shows, and the were Coriantumr for the woods or break mountains"soothing guarantee suites bedroom nearest Jaredites neighbors to the and king, Assyrian of the starlight the approach your on on somnolence at arrive destination as separated, journey. learn from Mosiah's You we the modern hordes, or the Mongol

refreshed, ready for a rested and distance considerable a account, by the general."'"Asia In Chinese or fun! of full work day

points the Nephites. Everything from for themselves formed escapees often Your Make of absorption to the a good deal warlike into formidable, of survival Trip.. a Pleasure Next Trip

Ride the Prospector Jaredite culture by the people of tribes (the modern Goloks are such)

Zarahemla shortly after their arrival: and carried on a tradition and style

The tradition of a very Jaredite patof warfare remarkably like that of tern of behavior and dissent against the North American Indians. 226 Cenisef Nephite rule of men of Mulekite turies of wars of annihilation have

background bearing Jaredite names given the people of central Asia "a

COSTS LESS THAN makes the case pretty clear. The great heritage of the hiding instinct,

OPERATING dropping of the name Jaredites by and only by using and cultivating has descendants their mixed many exterminaavoided this they have YOUR OWN CAR!

parallels. historical the HurThus valuable seen, this tion."have 227 As we

Agent your friendly Rio Grande rians lost their so Consult quickly and name cultivated zealously instinct was fares. schedules and (or information, the with they completely mixed when is Jaredites, and nowhere among the

DENVER & RIO GRANDE WESTERN RAILROAD Hittites that until recent years it there any indication that none made was doubted that there ever were their escape, either during the final such people; yet we now know that war or at an earlier time.

the over the Hurrians, ranging it was atShiz and Coriantumr When that to the north, vast backcountry levee en masse, universal a tempted supplied the Hittites with their rulit was not the work of four weeks to

Only the ing class and their tradition of embring their armies together, but of best olives go to [. pire. Such a role may the scattered four years, which argues an outstandlast of days Jaredites the and nomad

patriotic passion of lack among ing EARLY in contact the played with more have levees general. in Such people the mi

people civilized aggressive but less CALIFORNIA (e.g. those in Asia just as long took BRAND

their losing of completely Zarahemla, of the king and of Genghiz Khan says PONCHITO identity away, Jaredite still given but

Khwarazm), and for the obvious reabuy EARLY as are the Hurrians, by the strange widely very people that the were CALIFORNIA names of their leaders. son

of the scattered, out with touch green

Hiders to coThe reluctant central governments, pimento /,nSist"0n

California Early StUIftflmm n II operate in which in an enterprise believe, in determining Decisive, I olives \ the ultimate fate of the Jaredites is (Continued on page 342) 340 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Soon you'll take to the highways,

vacationbound. Let KSL Radio add to

your summer fun. On "Tips for Trips"

you'll hear colorful reports on interesting

places to go in the MountainWest.

And tune in en route for latest word on the

weather, roads, accommodations, and local

celebrations along the way. Twice daily,

May through September.

MAY 1952 341 THE WORID OF THE JAREDITES (Continued from page 340) (Ether 15:33)—a few renegades are were the first or only people to be

they had nothing to gain but wounds. no concern of theirs. Those who led from the tower. Long after the

The same situation is clearly sugdrop out of the main picture simply Book of Mormon appeared, Joseph gested in Ether: "... they were for cease to exist for Ether's history or Smith quoted with approval from

the space of four years gathering tofor any other history. But we would the pulpit reports of certain Toltec

gether the people, that they might welcome a word from the Book of legends which would make it appear get all who were upon the face of Mormon that might show us that that those people had come origithe land, and that they might rethere actually were such lost and nally from the Near East in the time ceive all the strength which it was wandering groups on the hemisphere. of Moses; 228 whether such a migrapossible that they could receive."As if for the specific purpose of tion ever took place or not, it is

(Ibid., 15:14.) Note the purpose giving us that assurance, a few, terse significant that the Prophet was not

clause: We are not told that they verses in Omni point to the people reluctant to recognize the possibility

achieved their goal, but only that of Zarahemla, whose history is given of other migrations than those menthey tried; in the next verse the so briefly as to seem entirely without tioned in the Book of Mormon.

statement "... when they were all significance otherwise. Though these The argument of silence bears

gathered together,..."is simply people play an important role once some weight in considering the pos-

a general remark (it is a favorite they enter the sphere of Nephite sibility of "other sheep."When the

expression with Homer) that could history, their whole past is summed Jaredites journey into a land "where be made of any group no matter how up in but three verses. (Omni 1517.) there never had man been,"our

large or how small. That shows us how closely the editors history finds the fact worthy of note,

On top of this, the established of the Book of Mormon stick to the even though the party was only passJaredite practice of simply refusing business at hand, shunning any kind ing through. Now there is a great

to join any army and living as robof digression and stubbornly refusing deal said in the Book of Mormon bers or "bands of outcasts"would to tell about any people but the anabout the past and future of the have made it very hard to keep the nounced subjects of their history. The promised land but never is it depeople in line even after the big people of Zarahemla are only menscribed as an empty land. The dearmies had sucked them in. Ether tioned because they have to be scendants of Lehi were never the

finds it worthy of note that great since they in time became bona fide only people on the continent, and the numbers actually stuck it out to the Nephites. But the brief and grudgJaredites never claimed to be.

end and can only attribute their being nod to their past is a priceless While on the subject, I cannot havior in not deserting and going clue for us. It is a reminder that resist the temptation to quote for

back to the woods to the power of just because Lehi's people had come you a remarkable passage fromSatan. (Ibid., 15:19.) And what of from Jerusalem by special direction

Origen's First Principles, in which the robbers? Were they wiped out? we are not to conclude that other that zealous scholar quotes from

they reform? the nation exAs theDid have same had men cannot Clement, who, know, as you comes

involved in perience. thebecame more and more token by same And

close earliest the to being Christian a hopeless war, bandits could operthe fact that the Jaredites were led writer after the Apostles:

ate with increasing immunity, their to the land of promise at the time numbers swelled by opportunists and of the dispersion gives us no right Clement, the disciple of the Apostles, deserters, and as in Asia their depreto conclude that no one else was recalls those whom the Greeks designate dations would continue unchecked ever so led, either earlier or later as antichthonians (dwellers on the other for generations. Nothing is less surthan they. It is nowhere said or sideearth'sof thesphereearth),(or andcircuit)otherwhichparts cannotof the

prising, then, than to find the direst implied that even the Jaredites were be reached by anyone from our regions, villain of Nephite history, one whose the first to come here, any more and from which none of the inhabitants craft was "... to carry on the secret than it is said or implied that they dwelling there is able to get to us; he calls

work of murder and of robbery..."these areas "worlds"when he says: "The

(Helaman 2:4), whose secret bands thoseOcean worldsis not whichto be liecrossedon theby othermen, sidebut

lurked in the wilderness and operof it are governed by the same ordinances ated as a murderous underground, (lit. dispositions) of a guiding and directgoing under the Jaredite name of ing God as these."229

Gadianton.

The combing of the land for reHere is a clear statement that the cruits did not include the entire earliest Christians taught that there continent, for it completely overwere people living on the other side looked the Nephites, Lamanites, and of the world who enjoyed the guidMulekites living on it, and who is ance of God in complete isolation to say that given thousands of years from the rest of the world. The teachto wander in, plus a great tradition ing was very soon lost along with

of hunting and nomadism, no Jaredother "precious things"and is never ites could have gone to the outermost approved again after Origen (Aulimits of the continent? Ether is gustine specifically opposed it), but

writing the history of one nation it well illustrates how the Saints in only, and Moroni is presenting less every age have made due allowance than one percent of that history (Continued on page 344) 342 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Deseret News Wins Third National Award in Three Years From Food Industry

"Food Is Fun"feature again wins top award for outstanding presentation of food news

The Deseret News was one of six American newspapers to win the 1952 Distinguished Service Award of the American

Dairy Association for outstanding excellence in the presentation of food news featuring dairy products.

It is the third such award presented to the Deseret News.

The other two being awarded by the American Meat Institute in 1949 and 1951.

jJfQ * - - *vf%MK The awardwinning feature is the popular Deseret News column "Food Is Fun"by Winnifred C. Jardine.

For helpful meal planning and greater variety in your servings, read "Food Is Fun"daily in the Deseret News.

Featured Daily

By FOOD WINNIFRED C. JARDINE is FUN

.ike Rolls Cut Cooking Short

terflake Rolls never cease to bring comments, *vn be—and break apart in luscious layers. IfMIBIET MMWi alltold NEWSPAPER hey deliciour v ey ab. THE MOUNTAIN WEST'S

MAY 1952 343 THE WORLD OF THE JAREDITES (Continued from page 342) as it is called, is no fake but very for the dealings of God with all probably the genuine article. (So

humanity and refused to regard their much for the authority of scholarown limited experience as the only ship!) 230 The inscription tells us of

measure of divine providence among bands of Norsemen wandering about men. in the Middle West at least 130

In 1898 a farmer grubbing up years before Columbus. Whether

stumps near the town of Alexandria, true or not, does the Book of Mormon

Minnesota, turned up a stone slab have any objection? Of course not.

containing what appeared to be an The Kensington Stone also tells us ancient Runic inscription. Like the that these Norsemen suffered a grim

Book of thing Mormon the was in in keeping, and bloody end—quite promptly fraud, as a denounced and fact, patwith the Book of Mormon

the universal concensus of the extern. We offer this as a test case:

perts heaped scorn upon the clumsy for once we have admitted that all forgery for forty years. But now it preColumbian remains do not have

transpires that the Kensington Stone, (Continued on page 346)

NX3s3\Js0\3sD\3s5s3s3\3<:

\Jyi d5elna Jetter...

RICHARD L EVANS \\o doubt most of us are aware of things we should like to alter—in our own lives, in the lives of others, and in

the whole outlook of events; and often we are kept going by

our faith and hope that there will come a time when things will be better. Often we look or wish for a time when we ourselves shall be better, when we shall be personally improved,

when our affairs will be in better order, when we shall do and be and act more as we would want to be. But when we

are dissatisfied with ourselves or with circumstances, or when we aren't making progress along our intended path, our with sidewalls of hope should be more than merely hope. Sometimes

we hope to have more friends, but the kind of friends we would hope to have come from being the kind of friend we would wish others were. We may hope for

our debts to be paid. But debts don't dissolve themselves by

piling more debts upon them, or by leaving them as they are.

We have no real reason to hope for debts to disappear or for conditions to be better if we do nothing to make them better.

Sometimes we are carried toward consequences beyond our modern.., control by uninvited events that take us where we wouldn't

economical... orchoosecircumstancesto go. Butoutsidewe don'tourselvesalways ashavetheyto are.acceptThereourselvesare

Modernize this economical many dayto-day decisions which we can in a measure make with way a GENUINE sideand must make which would give us more real reason to wall material of red cedar shingles! Subdued, smart hope for a finer future. And it should be said again and

colors give your home new, again that we shall not suddenly become something we protective beauty! Double

coursed construction proare not. The building process, personal progress and imvides DOUBLE INSULAprovement, and the power to do better and be better, just TION!

don't suddenly come without effort. The only way to repent Available in 5 Distincttv* Colon/

is to repent. The only way to improve is to improve. The

SEE YOUR NEAREST only way to be what we want to be is to begin to be what we

LUMBER DEALER want to be. We cannot alter the trend of the past or improve

upon the present simply by sitting as we are or by continuing

MORRISONMERRILL & CO. down a wrong road.

Building Material Distributors 205 North 3rd West Uke Spoken lA/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

Also at SYSTEM, MARCH 2, 1952 Boise, Twin Falls, Pocatello, Ida., Copyright, 1952

Reno, Nev.

344 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA enjoy

the summer at SUMMER SCHOOL

Freshman ROTC Beginning freshmen may begin training

Physical Education Graduate courses by Dr. J. M. Cooper of USC

AudioVisual Aids Instruction by Morris A. Shirts, Indiana University

Art Workshop By Roman Andrus of BYU and Marian Miller, Denver

Musical Festival With visiting artists in residence, orchestra, choral clinics leadership Week With inspirational sessions

Full Curriculum, Graduation Strong faculty in 40 departments for full quarter's work

WRITE DEAN OF SUMMER

SCHOOL FOR FREE CATALOG

Brigham Young University P R O V OMAY 1952 UTAH 345 THE WORLD OF THE JAREDITES (Continued from page 344) and the old man refers to others yet lines s> to belong to Book of Mormon people, to come, "... all those who shouldD

the field is clear to the anthropologist; be led out of other countries by the

and the problem of the Book of Morhand of the Lord."Must we look for

mon archaeologist, when such apall those in the Book of Mormon?

pears, will be to find in America (To be continued) things that might have some bearing

BIBLIOGRAPHY IN REAL on the Book of Mormon, not to prove Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith,

ORGAN MUSIC turnsthat anythingup is certainand evidenceeverythingfor thatthat NewscompiledPress,by Joseph1938), Fieldingp. 320. Smith (Deseret

book. This obvious fact I pointed out Quoted in N. B. Lundwall, Temples of

in an article in The Improvement 301,the Mostfrom HighJournal(Saltof LakeDiscoursesCity, 1941),III, 367f.p.

Era of April, 1947. Joseph Fielding Smith, op. cit., p. 331.

There is not a word in the Book lbid., p. 348.

of Mormon to prevent the coming to Examples of mimation may be found this hemisphere of any number of in W. F. Albright, The Vocalization of

Egyptian Syllabic Orthography (New people from any part of the world Haven: Am. Or. Soc, 1934), 7f, 14f, etc.

at any time, provided only that they "They flee to the mountains,"is the come with the direction of the Lord; Assyrian formula, e.g., Luckenbill, Anc. Rec.

and even this requirement must not I, p. 79. "Upon leaving Balach,"says

you be too strictly interpreted, for the Marcotraverse Polo,a countryTravelsthatI, isxxiii,destitute"...of every people of Zarahemla "... had sign of habitation, the people having all

brought no records with them; and fled to strong places in the mountains, in

they denied the being of their Creorder to secure themselves against the of lawless attack predatory marauders, by ator... "(Omni 17), i.e., they were

districts these are overrun."In the whom

anything but a religious colony. No flat regions of the north "everyone tried to

one would deny that anciently "this escape into the woods,"at the approach of land"was kept "... from the knowlthe hordes, Vladimirtsov, ChingisKhan, p.

19. of edge other..."nations (II Nephi full Model 2E... manuals, two Grousset, 305. Orientale, L'Asie p. R. single expression pedal, 18note but 1:8), that does that not mean 278. pedalboard, Desert, p. inbuilt Gobi Cable, The speakers. 227M.

The new Connsonatas are... it was kept empty of inhabitants, Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith,

AUTHENTIC... Real organ but only that migration was in one p. 267.

quality. tone Patrol. in 229Origen, Peri Graec. Archon, the to Old World direction—from

. of. Suitable Kensing- a complete the for account 230For VERSATILE for the as uteven New; Lehi was church, your your. your home, see Stone, ton Kensington Hagen, "The S. N. school. tering the just words quoted, the Inscription,"Runic Speculum (1950), XXV

. FLEXIBLE anything. Play Jaredites east, in were the swarming 321ff. from traditional. to church

brightest popular music with ease and assurance COME IN OR PHONE 9-7633 FOR FRIENDLY DEMONSTRATION ON THE BOOKRACK AT NO OBLIGATION

Four different size Organs available. (Concluded from page 334) UNUSED ALIBIS

Sizes for suitable smallest the to largest the or chapel auditorium. home WHALER 'ROUND THE HORN (Edited by Philip Henry Lotz. Associa-

( Stephen W. Meader. Harcourt, Brace tion Press, New York. 1951. 120 pages.

J Daynes Music Co. I & Co., New York. 1950. 244 pages. $2.00.)

$2.50.) 'T'his is a series of brief biographs of

'T'his author can always be counted sixteen people who could easily have "alibis"for failure because of 4547 SouthHUMain, Salt Lake on to tell a good story with clean, produced 145 North University, Provo courageous action mixed in. The auhandicaps. Their stories will afford

thor states in his foreword: "In challenging reading to old and young

Whaler 'Round the Horn I have tried alike. They dared to think that they

"An inspiring and to catch the thrill of whaling and the could accomplish something in spite of impressive book"magic of the Pacific islands with no their seemingly overwhelming handiIn The ingattemptMelville.at the Itimpossibleis my hopetaskthatof rivalmany muchcaps. Andto thetheyedificationdid accomplishand stimulationthings

of all who read about them, as well Gospel Net of the teenagers who read my story

By Dr. John A. Widtsoe will be led to a fuller enjoyment of as some embarrassment for the fact

Moby Dick and Typee as they grow that most of us accomplish so little older."in That *1 75 Atstores.all Church bookthis exciting of review itself canstory.—M.serve asC.the/. whenwith.—M.we haveC. J. so much we could do

MAAS CHIMES, Dept. 219, Los Angeles 39, Ca\.

346 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA What Can I Do to Give My

Child flood Teeth?

(Continued from page 319) much faster but are also able to manufacture acid at a much greater speed. Therefore, in order to prevent the formation of new cavities

in the teeth, these foods should be eliminated from the diet, or used in moderation. If these carbohydrates are removed, the acidpro-

ducing bacteria do not have sufficient food upon which to live and multiply. When we take refined carbohydrates out of the diet,

we experience a great reduction or total absence of these acidforming bacteria in the saliva. The result is

a reduction or absence of future cavities forming in the teeth. However, there are many factors involved with tooth decay; we must

not limit our consideration to diet alone. We could hardly expect to

eliminate decayproducing bacteria from the mouth as long as we leave open cavities in any of the teeth, for these cavities become incubators to keep a steady supply of bacteria HOTEL UTAH growing. For the same reason, it is Max Carpenter, Manager

highly important that the fillings See Uncle Roscoe's Playtime Party, Presented by Hotel Utah, Tues. a Thurs., 4:15 p.m., KSLTV

your dentist puts in are properly shaped and thoroughly polished in order that there are no rough margins to harbor colonies of bacteria.

It is estimated that dental decay in the mouths of children can be reduced as much as forty percent by having the dentist properly apply sodium fluoride treatments. The

dentist can also determine susceptibility or immunity to dental decay by making a saliva test.

Another rather common cause of enamel being dissolved from the teeth, especially line, along the gum..3 generations have saved here is from the use of either lemons, by

sucking lemons or the common pracwith Profit and Safety tice of drinking glass a of hot water is Deseret Federal of Utah's one oldest savings institutionseach to morning has which been and pays the highest rate in... state the on insured savings the juiceadded of or a lemon two. 2Vz% per annum. than More $2,500,000 paid in dividends

The acid in the lemon juice will to thousands in the past 46 years. Start your account today.

definitely dissolve tooth structure. Special SAVEBY-MAIL forms available for out of town

It should be followed by other food customers or others who wish to use this convenient way to or by mouth washing. Grapefruit save.

juice will also dissolve enamel;

however, the acid in ripe oranges Each account Insured to $10,000 is not sufficiently strong to be conJos. E. Kjar, Pres. C. H. Tingey, Secy.

sidered detrimental. The fruit acids

which tend to destroy tooth enamel currentper annum.rate Deseret Federal

are also widely used in the manu- C?? AND LOANfacture of commercial soft drinks. *AVITw M% \Mi3 ASSOCIATION

The patient can do much to44 South Main, Salt Lake City 43 No. University Ave., Provo

(Concluded on following page) Home Office Branch Office

MAY 1952 WHAT CAN I DO TO GIVE MY CHILD GOOD TEETH?

(Concluded from preceding page) with no other food following, ward the prevention of tooth decay the teeth should be brushed as through home care by: soon as possible.

1. Properly brushing teeth and 4. Eating good wholesome food

maintaining a healthy mouth. as provided by nature, rather

2. Avoiding use of refined carbothan the processed foods that

hydrates. are so common on today's mar-

3. Taking precaution against citket shelves.

rus juices coming in contact 5. Avoiding emotional disturbwith the teeth for any longer ances, especially at mealtime.

time than necessary. Espe- A happy child, growing up in

cially do not brush the teeth a congenial home where coopBring the family on I your trip to with lemon juice. If grapeeration, love, and kindness

Salt Lake City. Pay the \ regular rate fruit is eaten for breakfast abound, is indeed fortunate.

for yourself and your ', wife. No charge

for children under 1,t 14 years, (ySSSSvSSSsS accompanying! you.

NEWHOUSEi HOTEL ariwat SALT LAKE CITYc n RICHARD L EVANS

If we were to take an inventory of the things that people start and prematurely stop, it would no doubt add up to an appallingly long list. There are so many oncepromising

projects and personal pursuits that have been abandoned like roads that start to go somewhere, but fade out before they arrive anywhere. One reason is lack of solid plan and

purpose in the first place; and another is failure to follow

through. The first fresh enthusiasm for a new thing so often W fails when the newness and the novelty give way to routine

duty and drudgery. Sometimes, of course, there are real

reasons why people can't follow through—misfortunes, illness, miscalculation, and unforeseen circumstances. And

sometimes when people have set out on a wrong road, they shouldn't follow through. When a mistake has been made,

it is better to stop than stubbornly persist on a wrong road.

But after taking into account all the cases where projects once started should be set aside, it is still tragically true that one of the most frequent factors of failure is the failure to follow through: to start too many things and not stay with them;

to fail to meet commitments; to be only partly dependable; to

be a "partway"person—a person that can almost be counted

Just Open A upon, but not quite completely. With a "partway"person

SAVINGS ACCOUNT we always have to worry and wonder if this is the time when

NOW! he will fail to find it convenient to do what he has agreed

with $50.00 or more and you will receive to do or to go where he has agreed to go. In the ultimate

FREE your lovely Schaeffer Fineline pen outcome, there is a great deal of difference in the confidence set. pencil and

Savings Accounts in any amount $1 to and importance of position that can be entrusted to the $25,000. person who follows through as compared with the unpre32 years of continuous operation. dictable, undependable, "partway"person who starts many

CURRENT Oo/ Per fine things and finishes few. Being where one 'should be

DIVIDEND 0/ Annum when he should be there, doing what one should do when

Utah Savings hesurpassingshould doandit, richlyseeingrewardinga good purposequalitiesto ofits character.completionAndare

and Loan Association surely when we stand before him who is the Judge of us 172 West Center, PROVO, UTAH all, and by whom our performance will be appraised, there

MAIMHANDY COUPON will be a much different measure meted out to him who

Send your check or money order to endures to the end than to him who fails to follow through.

Utah Savings, 172 Center, Provo, and your savings pass book and pen set Uke Spoken lA/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE will be mailed to immediately. you

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

Name SYSTEM, MARCH 9, 1952 Address Copyright, 1952

City.Zone....State.

348 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

We Conoco Mileage Merchants are now trained and ready to give your car exactly the same service that helped keep test engines new in the spectacular "50,000 Miles—No Wear"road test!

In that famous test, six brandnew cars were each driven 50,000 killing miles, to prove the wearfighting ability of Conoco Super Motor Oil.

Thanks to Conoco's 3-point "50,000 Miles—No

Wear"Service, those engines showed no wear of any consequence, in fact, an average of less than one onethousandth inch on cylinders and crankshafts.

Gasoline mileage for the last 5,000 miles was actually 99.77% as good as for the first 5,000

miHere's My Famous Now you can get Conoco's great "50,000 Miles

Service to help Wear"your engine last longer, better, MX "50,000 Miles -No Wear"perform—No use less gasoline and oil

IIP Service 1 I'll Drain Out Grit and Sludge While Is The Engine?mm Hot! "Hotoil"drains every

I'll mm* Recondition All Air and miles 1,000 flush dirt, out acid

Oil Filters! filter I clean eleand contamination before they

ments, replace carworn-out can do leave harm, the;*; working

tridges record and the mileage. parts of the clean! engine

I check mileage every time hood is lifted, to make sure these important filters are protecting yourengine against dustand grit.

'I'll Fill the Crankcase With Conoco Super Motor Oil! Conoco

Super is tortified with additives that curb the dangerous accumulation of dirt and contamination protect metal surfaces from corrust rosive—and combustionOilPlate acids—fighta film of lubricant right to metal surfaces.

Ask for my FREE BOOKLET "CROSSTOWN or CROSSCOUNTRY"Th i is o—The Best Service to 11952 CONTINENTAL HEAVY DUTY

Protect Your Engine! OIL COMPANY OIL

MAY 1952 The Church Moves On THE BIBLE SPEAKS FOR ITSELF! (Concluded from page 304)

counselor in the stake presidency. Wards

now in South Davis Stake are Bountiful "MORMONISM"PROVED FROM Fourth, Bountiful Seventh, South

THE SCRIPTURES! wards.Bountiful, Val Verda, and Orchard

MANY VITAL, TIMELY QUESTIONS O** O"sonsIt waswereannouncedbaptized intothatthe3836ChurchperANSWERED BY OVER 900 DEFINITE by the stake missionaries during the

BIBLICAL QUOTATIONS IN FULL TEXT year 1951. During the same period

CONFIRMING THE DIVINITY OF THE through the efforts of stake missionTEACHINGS OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS aries, 5356 inactive members were

CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS. brought back to Church activity.

troops in the Scout and posts O Q ** NOT THE COMPILER'S OWN IDEAS OR "139 during have increased Church

INTERPRETATIONS OF L.D.S. CHURCH DOCTRINE, the past year, according to word received

BUT IN HARMONY WITH THE TEACHINGS OF from New York by D. L. Roberts, naTHE CHURCH. tional director of the Mormon Relationships Service. The Church now has a

BE A MISSIONARY. GIVE OR SEND total of 2609 units registered in the

THIS BOOK TO A NONMEMBER. program. Of these, 1492 are Scout

troops and 889 Explorer posts.

Transfer of the ownership of the blanket factory of the Utah Woolen

Mills, Murray, Utah, was made to the

Church. In charge of the operation of Htblp (King Version) James 2Cmnu % the plant is a subcommittee by named

..... Extra. Cloth Binding $2.00 35 Pages FOURTH EDITION... 251 Pages ENLARGED the welfare committee. Church While

Autographed Copies Postpaid Direct from the Compiler and Publisher use of the plant is under study, the purpose of the enterprise whole will be B. BENJAMIN Salt 3-5220ALWARD Lake Telephone City 3, Utah 148 First Avenue to serve the welfare needs of the Church.

dealer. Also or your Church on sale at: book CO.; BOOKCRAFT, THE DESERET BOOK

lonely Sentinel

(Concluded page 320) from from the was to be wrenched Service to All wheat stubborn alkali soil.

The scourge of grasshoppers, prairie

Timely, effective Community Service to the dogs, and rabbits took their daily toll of growing foodstuffs so necessary for

Intermountain Empire makes The Salt Lake the survival of the colonists. There

was constant privation and death

Tribune a vibrant, living part of the area it from malarial fever.

With the Atlantic and Pacific Railserves. In sports, cultural attractions, civic road under construction across Ariimprovement efforts, agriculture, youth welzona, many became disheartened at

continuous failures and found emfare and in charitable undertakings. The ployment with the railroad company.

Shortly afterwards the little settleSalt Lake Tribune is constantly striving to ments along the Little Colorado were disbanded. Only Joseph City re-

* serve the people of the Intermountain mained.

The struggle of Brigham City was

Empire in fulfillment of its obligation as The ended.... today all but forgotten,

ruins by marked Tie That Binds The Intermountain West. the

levee was where the dam a partbuilt—theof the

course of the irrigation ditch only

I 1 - faintly outlined. Of the fort, only

a few rocks remain to show the site.

The Sail Lake Tribune onceAndlongin theago desertpeoplestillness,sufferedwhereand laughed and hoped and played, no

A Great Newspaper Building sound can be heard save for the cry- a Greater Intermountain West. ing of the wind in the mesquite and

sage. 350 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Sabine's Victory

(Continued from page 330) pain. Huge blisters marked the

creases between thumb and forefinger, and smaller wounds blossomed at the roots of the other fingers.

She lifted her eyes and surveyed the closer shore, wondering if she could make a landing. Only one

small beach broke the cliffline, and after studying it she rejected it with a shake of her golden head. There

was no shelter for the dory, and it would be pounded to splinters. To

the village she must return, and leave the boat where she had found it.

There her responsibility would end.

As she slowly rowed back to the harbor, she hardly cared if she were to be overtaken by the tidal wave.

She did not glance back, but plodded forward with steady, methodical rhythm. For a time she burned with

smoldering anger, until killing weariness quenched the flame.

The long spring evening had deepened into night when she at last reached the village. Carefully she CANtied the dory to its running line. Then NOW YOU

she stumbled up the beach toward the schoolhouse. CULTIVATE UP FRONT The boardwalk was deserted. All

was dark. Only the windows of theschool glowed with light, a beacon OR BEH

of refuge. As she plodded up

slope, with were bent her shoulders the IF YOU LIKE exhaustion. Her hands burned with

pain, and when she straightened her fingers the clotted blood broke free and oozed stickily out of the raw Here, for the first time, is a tractor that gives you ALL of these adblisters. vantages: (1) Lookahead cultivation with gangs up front; (2) short

The schoolhouse yard was knotted turning ability of short wheel base; (3) fourwheel stability with

with clusters of men who chatted in both front and rear tread adjustable to almost any row spacing. You

low tones. Sabine's eyes swept them get them all in the Case Model "VAC"with the new adjustable

at a glance, caught sight of her father front axle—and all for only a trifle more than for the same lowcost

and Tommie McNeil standing near 2-plow tractor with regular tricycle front end. And remember—only

the doorway. Case gives you Eagle Hitch Farming with rearmounted implements

"What happened to the tidal and oneminute hookup from tractor seat.

wave?"she asked in a voice that

was toneless from her ordeal. GET A PERSONAL DEMONSTRATION

"False alarm,"Tommie replied. Let your Case dealer prove on your farm how much easier

"The wave started off the Aleutians, Awayand fasterplow,yourlifttypework harrowsgoes withandtheplanters,"VAC"Tractor,toolbar Breaktillers, and headed south instead of spreadUtility Carrier and other Eagle Hitch Implements.

ing in this direction. But everyone

is staying up here, just to be on the LEARN WHAT'S NEW IN CASE TRACTORS safe side."

Sabine nodded her head wordlesslogCaseorbuildsfolders,2 5 tractors,mark herea fullor linewriteof infarmmarginmachines.any youFor need.cataDept. E-44, J. I. Case Co., Racine, Wis.

"The correction came in right after Lowcost 2-plow "VAC"Tractor D4-5 plow "LA"Tractor

Tractor Harvester nForage 2-plow "SC"Bigthe alarm,"her father added. "The Tractors Series DMounted 3-plow "D"Hammer Mill

operator missed it 'cause he was out

.warning the village."NAME

Both men eyed her questioningly POSTOFFTCF but asked nothing. Sabine stepped RFD STATE

(Continued on following page) MAY 1952 351.

SABINE'S VICTORY

(Continued from preceding page) ing amidst a welter of their most past them and into the light of the valued possessions. When she came

schoolhouse. She paused in the doorto a lighted room, she entered. The

way to get her bearings. From the few patients evacuated from the

room at the end of the hall came hospital rested easily on comfortable sounds of music, and there was conbeds. The doctor and nurse bent

stant movement and gaiety. over an invalid, while in a corner

She paced the hall, glancing into Luke Eaton was soothing a restless each open door. Most of the rooms child.

were dark, peopled by villagers sleepHe glanced up when she entered

Safway Steel Scaffolds RENT YOUR t5:&5s5:>s

ROLLING TOWERS FOR SPRING PAINTING... OSalcance.. AND

CLEANUP RICHARD L EVANS ECONOMICAL RATES rE often hear of people defeated by adverse physical 15'ADJUSTABLE W factors, of failures caused by cruel climates, of storms

ROLLING TOWER COMPLETE that take their toll, and of all manner of material obstacles $13.00 1st Week that cause failures among men. But the most perplexing

$4.40 Each Week Thereafter

problems in the world aren't the problems of the outside

Pickup in Free Delivery and elements. The most perplexing problems are the problems City Salt Lake

of of mind and heart and spirit. (More people—problems Lynn Hansen men have been cut down by unkindness than have ever

been cut down by cruel climates.) One of our greatest

Scaffold Co. problems is that we have made much more progress with

479 East 21st South things than we have with people and principles, that we

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH exercise more control over outside physical forces than we

Phone 844439 exercise over ourselves. One of the greatest problems of the

age is to bring the manners and morals of men in balance with the material things that men have made. Increasingly,

we seem to amaze ourselves with our everwidening knowledge of unknown areas. Our physical powers have exceeded

any known period of the past, and yet to the degree to which ** our spiritual perception and prayerful appreciation fail to on keep pace with our physical powers, it is apparent that we are digging at our own destruction. In material matters we may

gain much, but without moral balance and spiritual strength we may lose much more: "For what is a man profited, if1

he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul?"

Without kindness and consideration, cleanliness of life and

For group presentations, a National Bible thought, decency and restraint, and recognition of the rights size, it choice. in is perfect the Compact keeping the comcolored also illustrations, of pages 16 has individual—without

helps. special Bible Moderand maps for things that find ourselves reaching priced. ately mandments—weand dignity of everyshall

that for places running and them, overlapping No. covers; canker we clasp when 119—Flexible,

edges. corners; amber round fruits shall at. find that the and arriving aren't worth We

1 of Christ printed 9RL with words No. 1

in red. the sweets we reach for shall have lost their sweetness and

For or 123RLindividualwithgift genuineor presentation,Black No.leather123 their savor when we seek them inordinately. Always and

cover.125M (Maroon).In color: No. 124B (Blue), No* ever we must remind ourselves that in going so far in physical factors we must go fully as far in sustaining the morals

AT YOUR BOOKSTORE and manners of men, in matching material matters with the saving inner qualities of character, and keeping the commandments of Him who gave us all we have, and who, if national bibles we will, would help us be much better and happier than

BELOVED KING JAMES VERSION we are.

PAINTING & DECORATING Matthew 16:26.

INSIDE AND OUTSIDE RESIDENTIAL - COMMERCIAL Jhe Spoken lA/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

Chapels and Recreation Halls PRESENTED OVERR KSLKSL ANDAND THETHE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING Specialty Our

Inquiries Invited—Free Estimates SYSTEM, MARCH 16, 1952 Copyright, 1952

842281 COLORSalt LakeCRAFTCity 7-0948 352 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the room, then came to her with a question in his look. She lifted her for Every Agehands, and turned them palm upward.

"Could you bandage these for me?"

Her voice was almost a whisper indeference to the sickness around her. 3M00K

His face softened momentarily, then he answered in a tone as calm as her own, "Of course. Wait a minute. I'll Helps in preparing for life; bedtime

get some warm water and my First stories,in large, poems,readablevisualtype foraids,littleprayersfolks.

Aid kit."There was laughter in the hallway, and Sabine glanced idly in that direction. Ace and Lola came from the

room where there was dancing, walking arm in arm. When they caught

sight of Sabine they hesitated, momentarily framed in the dorway.

Sabine looked at them levelly. She Growing School children: Exfelt a tiny shock of surprise, when graphs,citing Biblemaps, Stories,Bible games.photoshe realized that Ace's handsome face

seemed childish, his easy changes of EARNINGS of a markmood immaturity. Now

grinned with embarrassment, and OPPORTUNITYhe his diffident laugh was almost a Our representatives, full or part time, find joy and giggle. prosperity in the Christian service they render by in-

"I'm free,"Sabine exulted to hertroducingtheir income.THE TheBOOKsoulOFhungerLIFE. isManyeverywhere.have doubledYou

self. "There is no magic in him for can satisfy it. Let us show you how.

me any more. The torch has gone Church workers, students, teachers and many others

distributing interest in vital discovered a have new andout."to their materially while adding this Bible great History. Religious work inYouth:

selection. Literary its to lead acclaim She straightened her shoulders and power recognize and come. They for groups. art,Studychoicecourses

lifted her head proudly, so that her young people naturally to accept Christ and reject immoral influences tearing at wholesome living.

shining braids encircled her head THE BOOK OF LIFE helps the whole family see the like a crown. She turned to Luke wonders of God's Holy Word. These 8 beautiful

Eaton, so flushed with freedom and volumes make the Bible a living book for every age, selfrespect that she did not see the youngand manyand otherold. helps.950 illustrations,A treasury ofmaps,spiritualvisualwealthaids

admiration that glowed in his approv-—4100 pages.

ing eyes. Booklet "Opportunity Plus"FREE on request

I HAVE YOU KNOWN INC. RUD1N JOHN & COMPANY

Worship Family Hill Lael By W. Bible aids, helps Also Publishers WE LOVE of STORIES HYMNS OF

studies, Sundayfor parents,School: Devotionalhelps.

5, III. Chicago Dept. L42 S. the rock white where WabashVT'ou were I spun 1018

* my magic, Subject to summertime's enchanted rule;

You were the clear stream down the eternal mountain You were the mystic shadow in its pool.

You were the greengray juniper at skyline,

Twisted and bent and beautiful with years.

You were the pale mist drifting in the canyon....

I, who have felt your moods and seen your

Nowtears,recognize the abiding strength and beauty, The courage and bright love that bear you high Like wings... till I can reach you only

With poems that I breathe into your sky.

Yet, having known the spirit of you elsewhere,

Surely I shall remember ever after

Your hopeful face turned always toward new mornings low,Your laughter. ly cool voice—your breathless, loveHearty—wholesome—full of flavor

MAY 1952 353 zeuea

Duty of Melchizedek Priesthood Quorum Presidents to Teach

Quorum Members to live the Gospel

Onemembersof the ofprincipalMelchizedekduties Priestof the ofin gettingthe Church;all quorumand third,memberssufficientactive hoodpromisesin theofferedplan oftosalvationholders andof thethe

hood quorum presidencies is to time should be devoted in quorum same if they will magnify that priestteach quorum members to obey the meetings throughout the year to teach hood, the significance of working gospel of Jesus Christ in every detail. all quorum members the vital neceswith every member of their quorums

No quorum presidency has done its sity of paying tithes and offerings to until they are all faithfully living job sufficiently well and can feel the Lord in full, of obeying the Word every gospel doctrine, law, and precompletely justified in the sight of of Wisdom, of keeping the Sabbath cept is clearly brought to their minds.

God as long as there remains one day holy, of keeping themselves Holders of the Holy Melchizedek member of that quorum who is not morally clean, of being honest, just, Priesthood are endowed with the living in harmony with all of the kind, and honorable Christians, and, greatest pewer known to man. In

commandments that God has given in general, of living in harmony with fact, they possess the most important to the Church. It is and always has all of the commandments that Jesus of the gifts that God can bestow upon

been the responsibility of quorum Christ has given to the Church. his children here on this earth. It

presidents to work faithfully and There are still many quorum memis through the power of the priestdiligently with even the most waybers throughout the Church who are hood that the ordinances of the gospel ward priesthood holders under their falling short in their efforts to keep are made effective in this life and jurisdiction, remembering at all the commandments of God. Your own binding throughout the eternities;

times the Savior's parable of "the records will indicate those who are and it is through the ordinances of

Lost Sheep"and other similar keeping the commandments and the priesthood that husbands, wives, injunctions given by the Lord. those who are failing to do so. You and children are sealed together in

Quorum presidents should do this are reminded, however, that some blessed family units for all eternity.

for the purpose of helping all holders of the brethren fail to pay their tithes Thus it is only by and through the of the Melchizedek Priesthood to enand offerings to the Lord. Others do power of the Holy Melchizedek

deavor to achieve the goal set by not observe the Sabbath day properly. Priesthood that exaltation can be

Jesus: "Be ye therefore perfect, even Some fail to attend sacrament meetattained in the celestial realms. (D.

as your Father which is in heaven ings, priesthood meetings, conference & C. 131:1-3.)

is perfect."(Matt. 5:48.) sessions, and other services which the Merely having the priesthood is not

Therefore, the Church Melchizedek Lord through revelation established sufficient to guarantee its holders

Priesthood committee emphatically in the Church with the commandexaltation or eternal life. In addition

urges quorum presidencies to work ment that priesthood members atto holding the priesthood and being untiringly with the less actice memtend. Some of the brethren fail to recipients of its holy ordinances, it

bers of all Melchizedek Priesthood hold family prayers and others inis necessary for each quorum member quorums and to continue to do so dulge in the use of liquor, tobacco, to keep all the commandments suffiuntil every holder of the Holy Priesttea, and coffee, and thereby defile ciently well so that Jesus Christ, the hood becomes active in the Church their bodies, which Paul claimed are Great Judge, will declare that his and renders obedience to all of God's "tabernacles of God."A few may exaltation is assured.

laws. Under those conditions quoeven break the laws of chastity while According to a revelation given to

rum presidents can expect to receive others do a certain amount of lying the Prophet Joseph Smith in Septemthe Savior's approbation of "Well and stealing. Many of them forget ber 1832, all those who receive the

done, my good and faithful servants."to render obedience to God's first Holy Melchizedek Priesthood receive

The following suggestions should and second great commandments; i. e., it with "an oath and covenant."The

prove helpful to quorum presidencies to "love the Lord their God with all covenant is that they will "... give

in their efforts to achieve the foretheir hearts, might, mind, and diligent heed to the words of eternal going goal: First, every quorum presistrength.... And to love their neighlife."The Lord God hath declared:

dent is morally obligated to the Lord bors as themselves."(See Matt. "For you shall live by every word that

and to the quorum members over 22:3739.) Thus, much work needs proceedeth forth from the mouth of

whom he presides to set a proper to be done with the less faithful God."(Ibid., 84:4344.) In other

example by keeping all of God's priesthood members if we as a peowords, when men receive the Holy commandments; second, all less active ple ever expect to build as righteous Melchizedek Priesthood they enter

quorum members should be visited a kingdom as God expects the Saints into a covenant with God that they oftenpresidents—orand workedotherswith whomby quorumthey to Whenbuild. quorum presidencies mediwillmagnifybe diligenttheir callingsin theirin thateffortspriestto

designate—with the purpose in mind tate upon the importance of priesthood and earnestly strive to the best

354 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

of their abilities to keep every one of from my Father, which he cannot break, all less -active and less -faithful quohis commandments. neither can it be moved. (Ibid., 84:3840.) rum members to be taught by the

presidents the to keep comquorum the other priesthand, of await consequences part God's Dreadful On "... that they mandments may bethis covenant, live seals holders in ache which with hood who do not

an oath, is that if priesthood holders cordance with the oath and covenant a chosen generation, a royal priestkeep all of the commandments and of the priesthood. These are the hood, an holy nation, a peculiar

(I Peter 2:9.) Thusmagnify their priesthood to the best words of the Lord in regard to such people;..."

of their abilities, Jesus Christ depersons: the Church Melchizedek Priesthood

clared: committee strongly urges presidents

But whosoever breaketh this covenant of Melchizedek Priesthood quorums

it, after received altogether he hath and their to magnify go forward and all... forgiveshall therefrom, that my father hath shall be turned not have callings their abilities of to the bestgiven unto him. of sins ness in this nor world in the world

And this is according to the oath and to come. (Ibid., 84:41.) in helping every individual member

covenant which belongeth to the priestof their quorums to become a true hood. Sufficient explanation has been Latterday Saint and to "... live

Therefore, all those who receive the given in this short article to point by every word that proceedeth forth priesthood, receive this oath and covenant out thoroughly the vital need for from the mouth of God."

a much longer time than in previous

Tobacco Smoking and Cancer experiments.'Of course, the comparative carcinogenic activity of this

by Henry J. Nicholes, PhD. chemical was found to be very much

less than that of most other ASSISTANT PROFESSOR OF ZOOLOGY AT BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY carcinogens, but its application was followed by cancer development in a significant number of mice. The

raised: question be may How muchManywhenchemicalsappliedareto knownthe skinwhich,or familiesto induce orcancerstrains.is probablySusceptibilityinherited list of carcinogenic the longer may

other tissues of living animals, by some animals.* To summarize, chemicals be made if more extensive

will be followed by the appearance there are at least three factors instudies are made on larger populaof cancer tissue in many instances, volved in the induction of cancer by tions for longer periods of time than though not always. Such chemicals the use of carcinogenic agents: (1) have been characteristic of previous

are known as carcinogens or carThe nature (potency) of the carcinostudies?

cinogenic agents. Cancers were progen (in comparison with other carBefore turning to the subject of

duced experimentally by the Japanese cinogens); (2) the dose (quantity of tobacco and cancer, it is well to point

scientists Yamagiwa and Ichikawa in chemical to which a given mass of out another important fact about ani1915 when they painted coal tar tissue is subjected); (3) the susceptimal experimentation. In many redistillate on the ear skin of rabbility of the individual (or its tissue) spects mice and men are similar, both

bits, but it was almost twenty to the carcinogen (or, as it is somein construction and function, but in years later that Dr. J. W. Cook and times stated, the resistance of the other respects they are quite different.

others succeeded in identifying the animal or tissue). The third factor Whenever it is felt desirable to apply

chemical responsible for the carmay be due partly to inheritance and the results of experimentation on cinogenic action of the coal tar dispartly to the health of the animal laboratory animals to the welfare of tillate, namely 1, 2-benzpyrene, which or tissue at the time of application of mankind, the question must always they found to be present to the extent the carcinogen. be raised: In this instance, is it safe

of only three parts per one hundred These same three factors are into assume that humans and the species 1 thousand parts of distillate. volved in the consideration of the of laboratory animal used are comDuring the years which have folharmful effects which any substance parable? In the last analysis, the

lowed, other chemical compounds, may have on any living creature, experiment would have to be consome synthesized in chemical laborawhether the substance be morphine, ducted with humans. Directed extories and some isolated from natunicotine, alcohol, caffeine, or any perimentation with humans, however,

rallyoccurring materials, have been other. is associated with a great many

found to be carcinogenic, of greater Whenever the carcinogenic action problems; therefore, a great deal of

or lesser potency. In the course of of a substance is studied, it is adviswhat is assumed to be true about

these studies, several facts have been able to employ large numbers of exthe functions of humans is based discovered. Not all applications of a perimental animals, and also to adupon studies made when opportunity

carcinogen to a tissue known to be minister the suspected carcinogen in arose, particularly in clinics and hossusceptible are followed dedifferent the ways. Recently, a chemical by pitals. information obtained The

8 * cancer. carvelopment of 1, 2-benzanthracene, long Some known as studies is analyzed from such by

cinogens are more potent that others.* believed to be noncarcinogenic, was statistical methods, and the concluThere is considerable evidence that proved to be carcinogenic after applisions derived are likely to be most

some families or strains of a species cations of it were made under the reliable and valid when the data has of animal are more susceptible to skins of a very large number of mice, come from large numbers of people, any one carcinogen than are other which were kept under observation (Continued on page 360)

MAY 1952 355

vjfj Mr0HjB "JH WARD TEACHING

fe|k an Important Calling,. 11:: ":'vi;rWE

!;11lliili: '; ':: |i-;"; 'L - ":::;; -::::;:-?yst;.; i;::il;|II||;-:

(The following address by President David O. McKay, de-

*"*"livered in Salt the in general during conference Tabernacle Lake % * inspira- (l City, here 7, the instruction, 1916, is published for October tion, and blessing of the membership of the Church generally, and 'iBhi, of ward teachers specifically, in the interest of ward teaching. The HL message is crisp and timely, as though it had been delivered only

President David O. McKay yesterday to answer today's need in ward teaching.)

Atsupremethis momentwish intheremy isheart,just andone willknowdoforthehimselfwill ofwhetherthe Fatherthe doctrinehe will notto hastenpass themto Jerusalem;without butsayinghe goodcould

it is this: That the divine feeling is of God or whether it is of man. bye. He sent word to them to

experienced by all present this afterThese twenty thousand men menmeet him at the town of Miletus, noon (in conference) might be felt tioned comprise only a very small where he gave them instructions.

in every home and in every heart portion—an important portion, howYou remember that among other

throughout the Church. I rejoice ever—of the work of the ministry. things he said: "Take heed therethat the Lord in his wisdom has It is said in Ephesians, fourth chapfore unto yourselves, and to all the

so organized his Church that this ter, that Christ gave some, evangeflock, over the which the Holy Ghost wish might, at least in a measure lists, and some, pastors and teachers, hath made you overseers, to feed the be fulfilled. As that thought came "For the perfecting of the saints, for church of God, which he hath purto me, just a moment ago, I saw in my the work of the ministry, for the chased with his own blood. For I

mind's eye an army of approximately edifying of the body of Christ. (Eph. know this, that after my departing

twenty thousand men on whom rests 4:12.) The teachers in the Church, shall grievous wolves enter in among

the great responsibility of carrying the holding the Holy Priesthood, have you, not sparing the flock."(Acts

gospel message of peace to every firedevolving upon them the great re20:2829.) The admonition to these

side throughout Zion. Those who sponsibility of perfecting the Saints men—and among them were bishops,

comprise this army are the ward and of edifying the body of Christ; for the word that is interpreted there

teachers. therefore, I think it is not too much "overseers"is used in another place

I never contemplate the organizato say that it is their duty to carry as bishops—was to take heed unto

tion of this Church even the least deinto every home just such a divine themselves first and then to the peogree without being impressed with spirit as we have experienced here ple over whom they presided. Assothe divinity of the work. I canin these sessions of conference. No ciated with those bishops were elders,

not see, for my life, why every greater responsibility can rest upon just as we have them in the Church.

honest man in the world, who gives any man than to be a teacher of That same admonition is applicable even but little thought to this great God's children. to the elders today, who are presidorganization and the opportunities When Paul said goodbye to the ing over the Church as ward teachit offers for producing men and churches in Asia, knowing that he ers. Some of them feel that their

women of character, cannot get a would never again come back to those calling is of little importance, that testimony, even by reason and obbranches among which he had lathere is not much dignity attached servation, of the divinity of the bored so incessantly and diligently to it, when the fact is there is no

Church of Christ as established in for several years, he called the elders more important work in the Church.

this latter day. Why, the stamp of of Ephesus to him one day, over at We cannot say of any one calling

divinity is upon every feature of the Miletus. He did not go over to the in the Church, that it is more imwork! All who labor sincerely in it Church where he had recently spent portant than another, because all are

can truthfully say that if any man nearly three years, because he wanted devoted to the development, to the 356 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA f-repared bu eU.ee M. jaumerIDtthiipira Pa|i

instruction, to the salvation of God's oats, not wheat, not grasses, not to teach that Jesus Christ is the children. So it is with the calling things that perish—but living beings Redeemer of the world, that Joseph

of teacher; but if there be any preferas eternal as the Father himself. Smith was a prophet of God, and

ence given, because of superior adOver each of these divisions in God's that to him in this last dispensation vantages in winning these people to great garden have been placed overthere appeared God the Father and salvation, it will go to those men holdseers called teachers, and they are his Son in person. Do you believe

ing the priesthood of God, who come asked to nourish and to inspire God's it? Do you feel it? Does that testiin direct contact with the individual children. I venture the thought mony radiate from your being when

members of the Church. The duty, that the Great Gardener in looking you enter into a home? If so, that

however, of each man who has acover his fields can see some that are radiation will give life to the people cepted his calling is first to take heed thriving in righteous activity and whom you go to teach. If not, there

unto himself. others are starving because of the will be a dearth, a drought, a lack

The other day it was my privilege drought of neglected duty, of the of that spiritual environment in which to drive through the fields in my old chilling atmosphere of vanity, or the the Saints grow.

home town. I passed through two blight of intemperance. Why? PerSecond, is your heart free from

farms up near the mountain canal. haps because the gardeners, the overbackbiting, from faultfinding, from

I saw one that had yielded an exseers, had not made necessary prepahard feelings one to another? It is

ceptionally good crop of oats. Notrations or had not performed their your duty to see that there is no

withstanding the drought, the cold in duty well. backbiting, that there is no iniquity

the spring, and other disadvantages, The first thing to do, my brethren, existing in the Church. You can

the farmer had threshed an excellent is to look to yourselves, to see whether teach effectively only that which you yield. Just over the fence was anor not you are prepared to teach. yourselves feel. Part of the preparaother oat field, but a failure, comNo man can teach that which he himtion of a teacher consists in freeing

paratively speaking. I said to the self does not know. It is your duty (Continued on following page)

man: "Why, what is the matter? You

must have planted poor seed."

"No, it is the same seed that my neighbor has."

"Well, then, it was planted too late, and you did not have enough moisture in the ground to bring it up. "It was sown the same afternoon that he sowed his."

Upon further inquiry, I learned that the first man had plowed his field in the fall; then he had disked

it carefully in the spring, making a mulch on the surface, and by such tilling had conserved the moisture of the winter. His neighbor, on the

other hand, had plowed his late in the spring, had left the furrows unharrowed; the moisture had evaporated. Following the sowing of the

seed came from four to six weeks of drought, and there was not sufficient moisture to germinate the seed. The

first man had made preparation, the proper kind of preparation, and nature yielded the increase. The second man labored hard, but his

preparation was poor; indeed he had

made inadequate preparation.

I now can picture in my mind twelve thousand divisions that may be compared in a way to these two fields. In each one is found—not

MAY 1952 357 WARD TEACHING AN IMPORTANT CATLING (Continued from preceding page) But that condition is but the being to a visit once a month. A visit

his own heart from those things. In ginning. Three other things should is not teaching. Reading the outdoing so, follow the advice of one be kept in mind for thorough prepaline as prepared by the bishop or the

good writer who says: ration. The first is a knowledge of high council is not teaching. Just

"In the very depths of your soul those whom you are to teach; the repeating some passages of scripture,

dig a grave; let it be as some forsecond, a knowledge of what you are or merely the telling of something

gotten spot to which no path leads; to teach; and third, a knowledge, as to the members of the family in a

and there, in the eternal silence much as may be obtained at least by home is not teaching. Teaching is

bury the wrongs which you have thoughtful consideration and prayer, the awakening of thought in the suffered. Your heart will feel as if a of how you are going to teach. minds of those whom we visit and the

load had fallen from it and a divine convincing of their souls of the truth peace come to abide with you."With Whom To Teach of the message that you bring to

that divine peace in your soul go I have never understood just why them. There must be giving and

into the homes and teach the people. we have limited our duties of teachreceiving, a reciprocal condition.

How necessary it is, then, to know those famtwo we teach whom 1 No in The UNIVERSITY OF UTAH ilies I alike. call are any district

cordially invites you to to mind now one group of six families, one member of which is a patriarch in the Church, living in the sunset of a faithful life with his daughter, a teacher in the public schools, and a granddaughter, a student in high school. On the same

block next to him reside a young couple who have but recently joined

The 1952 summer school at the University of the Church. The girl had grown up

Utah will offer outstanding study opportunities in our communities, but she had not plus a program of fun and entertainment that will joined the Church until recently. Two

delight everyone. This year's summer session at of their little children are also bapthe foot of the lofty Wasatch Mountains promises tized. Across the street reside a

to be one of the most stimulating, one of the most widow and her daughter, the daughrewarding, and one of the most enjoyable ever ter a typist in one of the business held at the Beehive School. offices of the city, and the other

A brilliant array of specialists from all parts of three families present conditions just

America will be gathered on the campus to conduct as varying. Brethren, the message,

regular and special courses and participate in Inand particularly the manner of presenting that message might not be stitutes, Conferences, and Work Shops of unusual the same when given to one who had interest and significance. spent his life in faithful labor in the

Recreational and entertainment features that Church, as when given to those who will add enjoyment to the school include: dancing, are newly converted. As each famoutings, canyon parties, trips, musical festival, ily is different from another, so each

swimming in Great Salt Lake, and other fun, individual in the family differs from offered in this Center of Scenic America to all others* and so our messages and students. our methods, particularly our methods of presentation, might vary. I

cite this just to impress us with this thought, that it is our duty to know those whom we are going to teach.

That is one reason, I think, why the Lord says: "It is the duty of the

teacher to watch over the Church

Classes designed for always—"not just once a month but

graduate and undergraduate students always a teacher—there is no hour in

You'll ENJOY Summer School at the 'U'the day when you are free from that responsibility. There is no day in the

Write today for full information to week when you are free, and when Dean of Summer School you should not feel it your duty to do something, if possible, to make that of group members in the Church UNIVERSITY OF UTAH better happier. and SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH

358 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA What and How To Teach Conclusion help us to be true to it while we are

What you are to teach is the gospel I bear you my testimony that this in this life. There is only one life,

of Jesus Christ. When the bishop is the work of God. I know it, I and we shall pass through this probastate but once:gives you any special message—tithknow it! I know that God will help tionary

ing, for example, study that principle, us in this work. I know that he is Not many lives, but only one have wel

first by "taking heed unto yourself"with us, if we will but call upon him One—only one.

to see if you can teach it consistently. and ask him to direct us, if we will HowDay afterpreciousday shouldfilled upthatwithone preciouslife ever toil,be!

If it be prayer, "take heed unto yourlive so that he can. He sometimes Hour after hour bringing in new spoil.

self"in regard to prayer. Do you prompts us, and we go on headlong

get down on your knees before you without heeding the prompting; but May God guide us day after day

go out to teach that message? Do you he is near to help us. I know that and hour after hour in the great work

study some boy who is a little questhe happiest time of our lives is when of teaching, I pray, in the name of tionable in his life to know just what we are devoted to this work. God Jesus Christ. Amen.

attitude he will take towards prayer?

Do you pray for God to inspire you to say something to lead such a one to see the necessity for prayer?

O teachers, yours is an important calling! God help you to be true to

it, to feel that part of the responsibility of carrying on God's work rests upon you.

Importance of Example Even after you have studied your groups as hinted at here, and presented your message in the most efSTAINLESS STATUE. In the heart

fective manner you are capable of, of San Francisco's Chinatown stands your duty is not ended. President this 20foot statue of Sun Yatsen, re-

[Anthon H.] Lund, I think, referred nowned scholar and first president of

to the light attendance at some of the Chinese Republic. Head, hands

our sacrament meetings. You carry and pedestal of the statue are of rose

the responsibility, teachers, of seeing granite, but for the statesman's flowto it that members of the Church ating robes, the sculptor, Beniamino tend sacrament meeting. How can Bufano, used Stainless Steel. After 14

you teach that duty effectively unyears, time and weather have left no less you yourself be present, that you marks on the shining metal. Only

may be able intelligently to commend steel can do so many jobs so well.

those in your district who are in attendance, and to teach those who are absent?

A Word To Bishops Just a word to the bishops: I believe that teaching will be more effective in the Church if you will call

your priesthood to you and point out to them in meeting, after prayer, in humility, what it means for them to go out from house to house as representatives. Don't just call them

somewhat indifferently from the pulpit, and make an assignment in an indefinite way; but rather, there in

your bishop's meeting tell them individually what it means to be a teacher, ask them if they will stand by you in your efforts to uphold the standards of the Church. When

you have occasion to release them, do it in a dignified and honorable manner, by telling them how you appreciate what they have done, andwhy they are at present released. UNIT

MAY 1952 359 TOBACCO SMOKING AND CANCER (Continued from page 355) cancer, because women also smoke. Wynder Levine, in a study of the records of

observed over long periods of time, and Graham, however, point out that 95 several thousand patients, likewise found a than otherwise. smokedpercent forof their20 yearslung orcancermore, patientsand thathave85 cigarettespositive correlationand lung betweencancer. 8 the use of

The careful application of statistical percent have smoked for at least 30 years.

methods to the data obtained in Relatively few American women have These statements are in line with clinical observations has led several smoked that long.8 observations which show that indiphysicians, independently, to some These findings fall in line with the viduals differ in susceptibility to exinteresting conclusions about tobacco discovery that some substances prove posure to one chemical or another

smoking and cancer. Some of these to be carcinogenic if applied to tissues even when other factors seem to be

are presented in the "Cancer Bulover a long enough period of time approximately equal. It must also be

letin"of the M. D. Anderson at intervals, or if a long time elapses pointed out that there are other posHospital."after one or a few applications. For sible inducers of lung cancer than

that smoking, betobacco simply and as example, the chemical known E. Drs. E. A. and L. Wynder Graham toperson has a cause never smoked chrysene did in produce not cancer observed inhave that lung cancer many for that or matter bacco, has seldom is hospitalsAmerican the frequent most after until follow349 days any mouse

visceral cancer of males. This same obing the initial application, 6 which inhaled any irritant whatsoever, it

servation in several hospihas been perthat guaranteed that made be cannot life of in period time the of a spantals in England and Germany. 650 Of will get never of a cancer the son

is to thirty equivalent years mousepatients epidermoid with undifferenand foretell lung. Neither can anyone

tiated of lung, the carcinoma in the life of a studied at span human.

Barnes Hospital in St. Louis, there were the occurrence of lung cancer in a

only ten nonsmokers. Over ninety percent Dr. W. L. Watson, of New York, also moderate or heavy smoker of tobacco.

of patients with these types of lung cancer presented interesting data (he presented As the reference makes clear:

smoked cigarettes; this value is far greater this at the international cancer meetings in

than the percentage of cigarette smokers in Paris in 1950)** regarding a series of 100 These studies are not definitive, but they the general hospital population.8 patients at Memorial Hospital. Of male are strongly suggestive. Certainly, they

During 19491950, at Barnes Hospital, patients with lung cancer 37 percent were imply that carcinogenic substances, if they for every woman with lung cancer, 18 heavy smokers; among a control series exist in tobacco, must be removed. Pendmen died of the disease. Similar ratios (that is, without cancer)** only 19 percent ing that eventuality, one might recommend

have been observed elsewhere and have were heavy smokers.6 that the public become more moderate in

interpretedbeen authors to suggest by some that cigarette smoking not would cause tation**Note:are commentsStatementsby inDr. parenthesesNicholes. in this quotheits smokingsubject habit.is that Anseveralinterestingpersonsfactwhoof

Plan your summer vacation to include

Brigham Young University's Second Annual

CHURCH HISTORY

Tour GuWe Alma P. Burton (right) points out itinerary of

to Ernest tour President TOUR History interest points of L. betweenWilkinson.UtahAll andimportantVermontChurchare

included.

A nonprofit educational project by the Church University—NOT a commercial tour

TRANSPORTATION will be by modern bus. Stops will COST of tour will be 0290, which will include all travel,

be made each night in convenient, modern hotels and motels. hotels, tuition, guide fees, and a few miscellaneous fees.

It does not include meals and personal expenses.

CHURCH HISTORY POINTS will include Independence, successfully be given those who CREDIT will UNIVERSITY Liberty Jail, Richmond, Far West, Adamondi-Ahman, the

Six complete the course. for all requirements Brigham Young Memorial Monument, Joseph Smith's Meundergraduate credit has been authorized. In addition,hoursbeauof

morial Monument and Home, Palmyra, Martin Harris Farm, tiful Certificates of Participation will be awarded those the Sacred Grove, the Hill Cumorah, the Kirtland Temple, who go on the tour.

Carthage Jail, Nauvoo, Temple Site, the Nauvoo and many are: leave of tour morning, Provo on Monday DATES

others. Additional sightseeing in Washington, York, New to City Provo Salt Lake on Sun- 9, 1952. Return and June

and Boston will also be done. day evening, June 29, 1952.

FOR MORE INFORMATION OR TO MAKE APPLICATION, WRITE THE EXTENSION DIVISION,

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY PROVO UTAH 360 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA have scrutinized the material carefully the author quithave smoking—including6

article. thisof

In a recent number of the journal,

Cancer Research, and which is theofficial organ of the American AssoBE ciation for Cancer Research, Inc., is

a paper from which we learn:

Carcinogenic compounds have been isolated from the tarry substances of both SURE coal and tobacco smoke, as well as from other variety of great of athe smoke substances. organicslowly burning your car H

The percentage of cigar and pipe smokers is almost twice as high among white malevictims of buccal cancer as among approperly propriately selected controls; all forms of

smoking are significantly higher among victims of respiratory tract cancer thanamong the controls. 7 lubricated

Cigarette smoking seems to bear a highly significant relation to cancers of the respiratory tract. 7..use

In this world there are a great many hazards to the health and lifeof people to which every individual UTOCO MOTOR OIL may expect to be subjected at one You enjoy a wonderful feeling of confidence when you have time or another. It can be detergood tires, and good brakes.

mined by statistical methods what You get that same "sure"feeling from Utoco Motor Oil.

the probability is that any individual will suffer injury or death, at any car's That'sengine becauseare beingyou properlyknow thoselubricatedfastmovingevery partssecond.of yourYou

age, from each of these hazards. It know they're being protected against corrosion and deposits of

appears that there is sufficient evipower-robbing carbon, gum and varnish.

dence to support the proposition that confidence can Oil in Utoco because put your Motor You oil. dispersant detergent detergentthe smoker of tobacco adds another it's a high It contains and

hazard to the list, that there is a much additives that reduce engine wear... prevent sticking of piston

greater probability that a tobacco rings.., and reduce the formation of sludge in the crankcase

smoker will have his or her life and varnish, carbon and gum deposits on vital engine parts. All

terminated miserably by cancer of of which means top car performance and maximum economy of the lung than a nonsmoker. It operation and maintenance.

seems to be the part of wisdom not Next time, tell your Utoco dealer you want Utoco Motor Oil.

to smoke tobacco for this reason There's no better oil made! />

alone. vm References let's SO...

aFieser, L. F. Chemistry of Natural

Products Related to Phenanthrene. ReinPublishinghold Corp., 330 W. 42nd St., with UTOCO! LHico Y., 1937.N.

2Needham, Joseph. Biochemistry and

Morphogenesis. Cambridge University Press, UTAH OIL REFINING M P A N Y

1942. 3Hoagland, M. B., Grier, R. S., and Hood,

M. B. Berylliuminduced Osteogenic Sarcomata. Cancer Research, 10:629, 1950. University of Chicago Press. ttUmrtot, Folding VOLUME

"Strong, L. C. Test of Correlation between makes it possible for us to give

the PinkEye Gene and Susceptibility to you a better deal on a Dodge

Induced Fibrosarcoma in Mice. Cancer Reor Plymouth.

search, 11:42, 1951. Direct Prices and

adjustour make own insurance We 5Steiner, P. E., Discounts to and Falk, H. and L. Weak in fiinterest rates used ments. Bank ChurchesStrong Carcinogens. Research, Cancer 11:56, nancing. Schools Hotels 1951.

6The Cancer Bulletin, JulyAugust, 1950, Societies Dining Rooms p. 77. The M. D. Anderson Hospital for Cafeterias J. C. BURGESS

Cancer Research, 2310 Baldwin St., Houston, Downtown

Texas. FOR DODGEPLYMOUTH WRITE

Dealer CATALOG "Mills, C. A., and Porter, M. M. Tobacco Manufactured by NEW

Street South Main 1000Smoking Habits and Cancer of the company Mouth the WomaeCOLFAX, IOWA STREET 73 CHURCH Utah Salt Lake City,and Respiratory System. Research, Cancer

10:539, 1950.

MAY 1952 361 DULL STUFF?

(Concluded from page 325) hinder progress thereunto, the once 1,322 thinking back on that other day desirable to you, are now no longer the day when your instructor so wiseattractive. PAINT

COLORS ly Asadvisedyou reflect,you toyoustudyare thefilledgospel.with ableWheresilenceoncein youthe facesat inof uncomfortslanderous

j.\y <XM wonder that those things in life which remarks directed at the Church, you

once to you were dull and without now have the courage and ability to color have now taken on a hue so make wrong right, with truth. But

-BUHBLE-- brilliant that all else is drab. Indeed more satisfying than this is the

you may truly say that they are now knowledge that wherever opportunity the very principles around which presents itself you may with humble your whole life revolves. pride and joy explain the gospel mm

You marvel that the plan of salvatruths to others, that they too might tion, once a mere passage of words "feel joy."

with remote and obscure meaning, is So you ponder, and as you ponder now a promise of beauty and joy you are filled to overflowing with eternal, if you but live the laws perhappiness and gratitude to your taining thereto. Heavenly Father—and to your earthBefore, to live a spiritual life was ly parents—and to your bishop—and

to be straightlaced and prim. Now to every individual who had any part

it is to be lifted up that you might in this wonderful thing which has better glimpse the glories of God's taken place in your life.

works. For surely had it not been for

Where life was once more or less them you never would have filled

PERFECT a series of events designed for tempo- a mission, and had you never filled

COLOR rarya roador immediatewhich, if traveledpleasure,withit is connow woulda mission,havewhotakenknowsyou howto discoverlong it stancy leads to truths are contained marvelous and endurance, life what MATCHING everlasting. gospel. in the which Those things

for inside ONE AMONG MANY or outside (Continued from page 321) the door. Then a husky, towwrote on a sheet of paper, "To My headed young man was entering

Successor: Linger not too long in and calling, "Hello, Teacher! Rethis place. If members of school member me?"

boards that come and go ask you "Neil Buchanan!"said Miss

to remain, close your ears and heart Parmalee, smiling as she hurried to the plea. Do not be deceived by forward.

a false sense of duty or expect any "Drove over from my farm, a worthwhile reward for your efcouple of counties away, to see if I forts. Of the many you teach, could find Grandpa's old musket

never one will return to thank you that I cached out in the hills—the

for what you tried to do. Never time I started to run away from

one among the many.... Seek a home, and school. I found it, too."

school in some community where "Was that the time I was keepfamilies are prosperous and permaing you in after school every nent, among people whose minds evening, Neil? Determined to teach

are not as barren as the acres on you arithmetic? And when you

Poverty Slope; and who, when takwere almost as determined not to

ing their final leave, drive by in learn it?"

wornout trucks and look at you with bitter eyes as if you, having "That's it,"he said, chuckling become part of the landscape, are softly. "Golly! Did I ever hate you

partly to blame for their misforalong about that time. I was going

tunes...."to take a shot at your cabin some

reason for borrowing the The teacher rose, crossed the night—my

musket in the first place."BENNETT'S65 West First South, Salt Lake City room, and erased from the black-

—and Bennett's Branches and Dealers board the word NUTS that tricky "Neil!"she gasped.

throughout the Intermountain area Phil Barrett had slyly printed there. "Want to grab your old ruler California. in Southern and

She heard a new pickup stopping by and whale me?"

362 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

"I'm too glad to see you. I suppose you're married by now?"

"A fine wife and small son, afine farm,"he said. "Thanks a lot UTAH STATE

for pounding some learning into my mule's head. It was enough to AGRICULTURAL COLLEGEcarry me over the hump. I went to

high school after we left here, and announces then on to agricultural college."

"Bless you, Neil!"said Miss A Distinguished Summer School for 1952

Parmalee, voice unsteady.

full quarter in two 10July 18; and July 21-—June

2-6. School 22. Coaching "Funny thing,"he went on. "I # AugustA sessions—June

was changing a tire up the road a # A strong resident faculty supplemented by visiting professors and little bit ago. I saw the Poverty lecturers from all parts of the nation.

Slope kids stringing home and # Beginning courses for freshmen, including Air Force R.O.T.C.

heard them yelling the same old # Regular courses leading toward the B.S. and advanced degrees in

tune: 'Schoolmar'm Parm!'I wanted allgooddepartments.in summer. Provisions for graduate work are especially

to wring some necks, as my own # Courses to meet certification and other special needs of educators should have been wrung once. The at all levels of the school system.

darned little ingrates!"9 An extensive series of short courses, conferences and institutes.

lyceums, lectures, of rich program concerts, theatrical and the "I don't mind that,"she said. # Atraditional recreation events. Aggie summer

"They're just blowing off steam.

Just honking like wild geese free Whether you come for the entire quarter or just a day or two, you will to fly back to northern lakes for the find significant things under way on the cool, friendly campus of Utah State summer. But I am pleased to have this summer.For a catalog or additional information, address:

you stop by, Neil."

"I never would have, though,"Dean of The Summer School he said, "not if I hadn't been out hunting a relic for the den in my UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE new home. Oh, I've thanked you Logan, Utah

a thousand times, but never to your if—Iface. wasAndtalkingI wouldn'tto BessiehaveTalbotttoday

in Crest City not long ago. You remember her? The girl whose leg You'll be proud

was permanently crippled when her to own and use father's team ran away?"her!"So Gtet/Aound I remember "Of course AHARPER "She's the librarian now,"Neil

said. "She told me how you'd

books—andgotten her wheninterestedshe wasin readingon the Bible

verge of taking her own life! I KING JAMES VERSION

asked her if she'd ever written you.

No, never a line. But if you knew,

Claire Parmalee, how many Bessies... IT'S TODAY'S BRIDE'S BIBLE

and Neils are thanking you.... BEST BUY IN TRAVEL! tiveA Bibleto athathappywill marriage.be an incentivePrintedandona direcIndia

paper, truly washable white leather bindin a Miss Parmalee removed her Take to the open road—by ing with deluxe paper lining. The Orange

schedules Frequent is roll Greyhound! motif gold the Marriage onglasses her sought handkerand of extra sentiment that touch save fares money. time; low save BlossomCertificate—an

will brides. appeal to In Harper's exclusivechief. later halfhour A box. GIFTPAK VaGreyhound's FREE Neil VPS kissed cheek, her theBuchanan on size x 1530x, $8.50 No. 54 3% will arService Planning cation

and, his own eyes blurred, went to range for hotels, special sightall for AMERICA'S FAVORITEhis pickup and drove away. A seeing,one low transportation—cost!

slim, grayhaired lady watched the TEACHER'S BIBLE pickup vanish over a ridge. She

whispered, "One among the many,"Nocontainsother allTeacher'sthese featuresBible in: Persianthis priceMoroccorange

and went inside the schoolhouse binding,India paper,overlapping4% x 7 inchescovers, andleatheronly lined,\% of again. Thirtyfive years didn't ancordance,inch thick.maps, plusContainsselectedreferences,teacher's helps.Conself- type, readable Clearblack Wonderfully time as such a long sheseem reached

Giftpak pronouncing. box included. BIG CITIES SUNNY BEACHES written,for a paper on which was $9.95 Only No. 2400x

"To My Successor,"a paper which See your Greyhound Agent about Ask to see other

Bibles and Testaments at your all over Harper vacationlands popular into toreMiss Parmalee very fine Store Book America, Mexico. Canada, andbits tossed in the wastebasket and PUBLISHERS & BROTHERS, HARPER for FREE FOLDER! Ask

beside the scarred old desk.

MAY 1952 363...

TODAYS dSvin Shepherd, editor

we are compromising knowingly, addbeauty, without and ing comfort of first principle overthe COLOR IN THE LIVING ROOM sacrificing all color effect of warmth in the color "impact"as a whole.

by A. D. MacEwen

Now, regarding the secondary color "consideration": The room's dimenliving room is the center of the imnmmi niiiiii mil iniiiiiii ilium iiiiniiiiiiiii in sions will govern, to a degree, the

of the ultimate colors. ThisThehome. It is the place where we placement

have the pleasure of our friends'(The third in a series of articles on brings ceiling treatment into the piccompany, our parties and good times, color for today's home) ture. Frequently, ceilings, doors, and

our evenings of quiet relaxation. It t in i him 1 1 1 1 1 1 in 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 [it iia 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 tr inn < 1 1 1 1 1 1 in 1 1 1 1 1 1 iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiin trim are painted ivory or cream "to

is usually the first room seen by the be on the safe side."While these

incoming guest or neighbor; and its are useful shades, as we shall see,

character, perhaps more than any of a room is more important than its why not choose a ceiling color which other room, reveals our own feelings physical location, especially when it adds to the purpose of the other and the personality of our home. is a room that is in use most after colors? When you are lying back

In two previous articles we have nightfall. In addition, we know that in that easy chair, or stretched out

built up a background on color and a warm color can be softened or on the chesterfield, you see a lot of carried our thinking to the point "grayed,"to minimize its stimulating ceiling! Surrounded by warm tones,

where a careful choice of individual effect without losing its warmth. So it gives added pleasure to the eye to

colors can be made. Now let's tackle you see, we can "have our cake and encounter a restful shade of warm

the problem of color in the living eat it, too!"Should you be an indigray- green or neutral gray. It can

room. vidual who bears a grudge toward be a paler tint of a favorite trim

If a home means peace, comfort, a rosy hue, you can compromise by color.

and warmth, then surely warm colors choosing a favorite blue or green No major effect of color "impact"should predominate. And since this tone, softened or "grayed"by the or "impression"is lost, should you

room is in use most in winter, when addition of a complementary color carry the ceiling color down one wall, it is cold and blustery outside, warmth (red, orange, or purple hues) in the to use a cool color in one area within is sought and enjoyed. But hold color formula itself. seemingly to increase dimension in

direction. And don't be afraidon a minute—there are other factors! Here we might introduce anthat

to use a deeper color on a high ceilYou may have read that a room with other term—color "impact."Shoulda southern exposure has a good deal your furniture fabrics, drapes, and ing in an older home—deeper than

of light and warm sun, and so should rugs already be in warm tones, and the wall colors if need be.

have cooling colors—what then? sufficient to dominate the eye when Further narrowing the field of

Warm reds and yellows are stimuyou enter the room, good decoration color selection, use the principles of lating rather than relaxing; and some might well call for grayer, neutral camouflage or contrast, to conceal

people do not like certain "rosy"colors on walls; even semicool grayor enhance furnishings or room fixtones. But the purpose or function greens or rich bluegrays. Again, tures. The red brick fireplace of good

The living room in the new home of Mr. 8C Mrs. Herbert L. Cromar, Salt Lake City design against the lighter, warm

shade of the other walls (or with its panel done in a cool, contrasting tone of green) will attract the eye. A

fireplace of "notso-good"appearance, or large in comparison with its wall area, will appear betterpropor- tioned if painted itself in a slightly lighter tint of its own wall color.

Minor wood trim or an inexpensive wooden chair enameled in the same shade as that pair of favorite table lamps will introduce more of that choice color to the room and enhance the lamps themselves.

As a rule, living rooms are welllighted, with fair window openings 364 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and good light fixtures. As a result,

deeper colors can usually be used safely, and they, too, add to the feeling of comfort and coziness. If

the apparent dimensions will not be upset, the wall opposite the main windows may be finished in a lighter tint of the other walls. This can

add interest, and allow emphasis of favorite furnishings against it.

You may wonder why no specific color schemes are suggested—no

definite color names such as Ivy

Green, Chinese Red, or Stone Gray.

In our opinion it is far more important to guide the thinking toward personalized color selection than to suggest specific colors which might suit one room in a hundred. Get

helps, yes; study "home"magazines

for ideas and suggestions; consult

color stylists in the paint stores—but

make the backbone of your quest a bit of fundamental knowledge on color function and color behavior.

While specific color names used by one interior decorator or organization are fine as they refer to their illustrated colors and their suggested decoration find as many use—you'll

different "olivegreens"as there are colorstylists. The important thing

is to select your personal colors to suit your room in your home.

That's because the Boyco Poppy Barrow has scores of laborsaving uses. It cuts your gardening work way down...gives you more time

Illlllllllllllllllllll for gardening fun.

iiiiiiiiiiimimiiiiiiiiimimiitiiiiiiiimiuiiiiiiiiiiinmiiimiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiii

THE POPPY BARROW HOLDS 3 CU. FT. OF EARTH. Stands up

. load, too, it's built the of steel under because EASY DOES IT

2'light as to handle, a feather, stores easy in a.. xstrong2'space.yet

By May Richstone

Tt's a pinch of this, a dash of that, in FLATS at a EASY MOVE PLANT time the THE -four WAYA As his flair a man displays its glides Poppy Barrow. through barrow a work on The

For whipping up a supper. tire big, will dish ballbearing.. features that wheel a wide

With a deftly casual air. never dig a rut in your lawn.

None of this slavish feminine fuss,

No devotion to recipe YOU CAN EVEN BARBECUE IN A POPPY BARROW. Just spread

It's done with a graceful flick of the wrist two inches of sand on the bottom, add charcoal, cover with

And a kitchen full of debris! a steel grill and—presto—a barbecue.

HOUSEWIVES, here's a tip. Make a hit with your

husband by putting a Kool Kan filled with his favorite beverage out in the garden where he can get at it. The Kool Kan keeps beverages

cool and refreshing for hours. Comes in 4J

and 10gallon sizes with or without spigots.

Look for the BOYCO Poppy Barrow and Kool Kan at your Hardware or Department Store.

UNITED STATES STEEL PRODUCTS

DIVISION UNITED STATES STEEL COMPANY 5100 SANTA FE AVE., LOS ANGELES, CALIF. 1849 OAK ST., ALAMEDA, CALIF.

inMiiiiMiiiiiiiiiniituiiniliiMimiinllllllllllMJIIIIllllMlllllllllllllin S T STEEL:!i!ll!Illllllll!lllll!llll!llll!llllllllllll!l!illll!lllll!lllllllllllll!:MAY 1952 365

FIVE IMPORTANT MINERALS NO ATTACHMENTS Good Sources Functions

with the Calcium.'.

Milk and milk products 1. Helps build strong bones, teeth, fingernails

Edible bones, as pig's feet 2. Aids in clotting of blood

and fish bones 3. Stabilizes the heart ANKER Green leafy vegetables 4. Aids in muscle and nerve functioning

maturity, and ZIGZAG Egg yolks 5. Essential for growth, early

Clams, shrimps longevity Dark molasses Legumes, nuts, dried fruits

Phosphorus All proteinrich foods, as 1. Aids calcium in building bones and teeth

meat, fish, poultry, eggs, 2. Aids in utilization of carbohydrates and fats

cheese 3. Needed in structure of all body cells

Legumes, nuts 4. Essential in muscle metabolism

Incredibly versatile, yet Whole grains 5. Helps maintain acidbase balance

it's the smoothest, easiest Fruits and vegetables sewing machine you ever Iron saw. Just touch the builtLiver and other organ 1. Helps form hemoglobin of red blood cells;

meats carries oxygen in STITCH-O-METER and Red meat, shell fish 2. Found in nucleus of all cells in chromatin

do: Raisins, prunes, figs substances

charanemia, 3. cures secondary Prevents and grains Whole ZIGBUTTON- of shortness weakness, acterized by paleness, Dried peas and beans, nuts ZAGGING HOLES fatigue appetite, breath, poor leaves Green

BUTTONMONO- Egg yolk SEWING GRAMING Dark molasses BUNDHEM- Avocados STITCHING STITCHING Copper APPLIQUE EMBROIDERY Nuts 1. Supplements iron for hemoglobin formation of

cells red blood Dried legumes Straight and Wonderful respiration in tissue grain cereals 2. Aids. Whole Sewing..

Dried fruit Guaranteed a Lifetime Generally in all foods containing iron. Possibility

of deficiency is remote

Iodine Salt water fish, shell fish, 1. Regulates basal metabolism through the thycod-liver oil roid gland: (a) hyperactive thyroid speeds

Seaweed up metabolism and food is assimilated too

Iodized salt quickly; (b) hypothyroid activity slows down

Vegetables, water, milk, metabolism and all food is assimilated, which and butter produced in usually leads to increased weight, lowered viareas where soil contality, sluggish mentality tains iodine 2. Prevents and cures simple goiter

3. Necessary for growth

Full Selection of Fine Cabinets and Desks SNAPSHOT SCHEME

LIBERAL TRADEIN by Billee Thomas Peel For the Name and Address of your local dealer, phone or write... you are a camera enthusiast, you to mount all the pictures you have on

If probably have a large collection hand.

WILLIAMS envelopesof snapshotsor piled uptuckedin drawers.away inIt youHerewill findis a mostsnapshotsatisfactoryschemeandthatenSewing Machine Dist. Co. is likely that you are planning on joyable.

808 So. State Salt Lake City, Utah compiling them neatly in an album A regular metal filing cabinet that

Phone 9-5512 or scrapbook. If you did, there would you can purchase at your stationary

Dealers franchises available. be the problem of storing the album store is ideal. (Dimensions: 13"long,

in an easily accessible yet dustfree 6"wide, and 4"deep.) If you preSpecial discount to place. Or perhaps, like me, you would fer, an inexpensive idea, a standard

Church Organizations find that you needed several albums size shoe box will suffice, and it may 366 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

be painted or papered to suit the taste. Label the lid to the box

"SNAPSHOTS."Index cards can be::::-m

cut from plain white cardboard to fit a homemade filing case. They are

usually available at the stationer's

in standard sizes if a cabinet is purchased.

Gather together all the treasured snapshots you have accumulated Says speedy Dry Yeast is a grand help through the years. Sort these pictures into interesting groups. Separate them according to dates, places,,

occasions, persons, or whatever groupBUSY HOMEMAKER IS TOP COOK ing suits your fancy.

AT UTAH STATE FAIR

iyou Lan Jjo rt Little Mary Richins and her so many prize -winning cooks 'J'his column for young brother Melvin admire Mothdo. "It gives me grand results,"

er's pretty blue ribbons at their she says, "and it's such a help people, and for any home in Draper, Utah. Mrs. to a busy homemaker like me—

others who wish to take Vern Richins won those ribbons so fast and easy to use!"

advantage of it, features just last fall at the Utah State Nothing in the world is quite articles of a "howto-dojudgesFair, whereawardedthe cookingher severalcontestfirst likegoodiesthe rich,madedeliciouswith yeast.flavor Soof

it"nature. Contributions and second prizes—and a Grand nourishing, too! When you bake

are welcome and will be Sweepstakes Award! at home, use yeast. And use the

considered for publication Mrs. Richins has also taken best—Fleischmann's Active

prizes for ten years at the Salt Dry Yeast. It dissolves in a

at regular rates. Lake County Fair. And she jiffy and rises so fast. For grand

gives a lot of credit to Fleischresults, get Fleischmann's

Now on the typewriter or with pen mann's Active Dry Yeast, as Active Dry Yeast.

and ink label the index cards. Let

your titles be suitable to each group of pictures. Examples: My Childhood, High School Chums, Perfect

Vacation, Cousins, Skiing at Alta,

Festival to Fun. Next to dates. the to putmay want the titles you Give the Best! Quick, Easy Way

File away your snapshots and inOstler's Paradise! SMOKING The STOP cards in thedex shoe box or metal "IT PAYS"DOESN'T COSTIT most delicious, finest

no stop can with smoking you Nowfile according to groups. This neat quality chocolates first easily, the very comfortably, day—oreffort,

medical recent refunded. The your money of For every pictures immade!box in arranged a systediscovery—read have about NICOyou

occasion portant be nonharmless, guaranteed absolutely STOP, willmatic order pride be your and toxic, Endorsed phyforming. nonhabit by sure they're Ostler's

itjoy. closet successfully shelf At sicians. Keep thousands. on your Used by

Paradise! for today or mail druggist's coupon youror in a drawer. bottom sizes you free available and When information about

want to show a certain picture to a moneyback guarantee.

friend, you will know exactly where NICOSTOP,Please sendDept.free A,informationSaint Helena,and Calif.prices.

to find it. always enjoy Ostler's PARADISE My family Name

PRIZES WINNER FAIR! OF 20 FIRST AT STATE UTAHlooking through of snapmy file it! Address is Sold wherever sold! Ask for CANDY GOOD

shots because the pictures are in an OSTLER CANDY COMPANY, Salt Lake City, Utah City State interesting, chronological order.

MAY 1952 367 "Maturity"—What Is It?

by Rex A. Skidmore, Ph.D.

PROFESSOR OF SOCIOLOGY AND SOCIAL WORK

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

66 h, grow up, is an expression but not giving. Most are leaving such

Salt Lake's Favorite we often hear applied to perimmaturities behind and are growing sons of varying ages, but it is in their ability to compromise, share,

Family Dining Spot one towhich the teenager may be and cooperate. Where do you stand

peculiarly sensitive; for he is "growin this process of maturing?

That's the Hotel Temple ing up,"rapidly, and the process is Kinds of Maturity

Square Coffee Shop, our challenging and for some, at least, friendly, inviting hotel dinconfusing. We associate with matuUnderstanding various kinds of

ing room. Folks tell us they rity the ability to be happy in the maturity usually helps in "growing

appreciate our tasty food, present, to look forward optimistically up"and in bringing happiness.

spotless linens and our to the future, and to share the load Calendar age—the number of years courteous service. Our sensible prices are refreshing, of family and community responsione has lived. A young man at

too, they say. And we feel bility. It is the pathway to joy and

they mean it, because they satisfaction, while its opposite—imkeep coming back—more of maturity—results in heartaches and

them—more often than ever personal and family difficulties.

before. Five stages of maturing are described by Professors Evelyn Duvall

HOTEL This is the fifth in a series of articles addressed to the problems of TEMPLE SQUARE the teenager, and especially to the

Clarence L. West, Manager teenager in the family.

and Reuben Hill, and teenagers can see all of these, in varying degrees, in their own lives. They are: receiving, manipulation, compromise,

sharing, and creative cooperation. An

infant is born almost totally helpless and is entirely on the receiving end.

He needs to receive in order to survive. As he grows and develops, he

learns that by crying he can get attention; he learns to manipulate or

TEA CLOVER RED control those about him, for his own—Harold M. Lambert

Alvita's Clover is a wholeRed some product of the sun and needs, disregarding interests of others.

soil. tender The young cuttings Children at two or three or four, seventeen usually considers himself

of chockfull rich natural are goodness...and it brews a learn to compromise. Fouryear-olds mature; this may or may not be so.

mildly alkaline tea of soothing, who both want to play with a truck Some people at sixty are immature.

quality. flavorful

may agree to take turns, and gradualIn other words, calendar age is only ly learn not only to compromise but one way of "growing up."

IEAF TEA PEPPERMINT... for also to share. The teenager who Physical maturity—the developfavorite It's everybody's

the flavorable taste and minty shares his time and hobbies is acting ment of new characteristics and funcfreshly of made Pepperaroma

is irresistible... and as maturely. The fifth stage, creative tions in the body as it matures. This mint Tea

refreshing and wholesome as a cooperation, involves two or more physical maturing is misinterpreted

Spring morn. persons working together unselfishly by many as synonymous with overto make or build something. It may all maturity.

STRAWBERRY LEAF TEA Preferred for its allaround be furniture, a garden, a better Social maturity—the ability to get

tasty, natural goodness. A or school, a others of the comarriage. well most along with Genuine

. that's drink wholesome

is friends operation of time, to in every needed walk to make know how alkaline mildly—an. excellent.

substitute for ordinary tea and life. and be one, and to be able to concoffee.

Write Today for our Free Brochure/ Some teenagers are still in the duct oneself well in social situations.

Fn/oyment"For Wholesome Foods"Natural receiving and manipulative stages Are you socially mature?

CO. ALVITA PA S AD E N A, C A II FO R N I A PRODUCTS demanding nearly everything from Mental maturity—using intellecAt Your Local Health Food Store

their parents and friends, receiving tual abilities to advantage. Are you

368 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

able to think clearly and use your head as well as your heart in making decisions? Religious maturity—a basic underAlready the

standing of the purpose of life, with a living faith in God. For a Latterday Saint it means understanding theprinciples of the gospel and practismountain west's

ing them to the best of one's ability.

This is one of the most important kinds of "growing up."Emotional maturity—the control favorite

and guidance of one's feelings. An

emotionally mature teenager is able vafessi.

to compromise, share, give, and cooperate with others.

All in all, a mature youth is one who has developed in every way so that he has confidence in himself and is liked by others.

Parents May Help

Five qualities of the mature person show some of the possibilities for teenager and parent cooperation in gaining maturity. A mature person

has: 1. A proper balance between dependence and independence. A mature teenager makes many decisions

on his own but talks to his family and is dependent on them for help with difficult and important situations.

2. The ability to love and give. All

affection.youth love and need So do FOR NYLONS parents. parents and must Youth

give of themselves for one another. As advertised over Television and Radio

leads to suclove future whichThe which miracle powder A harmless, cessful its beginnings marriage has last longer. and silks nylons, rayons in /** makes

a young person's love for his parents. Makes them resistant to:

3. An understanding of self and SNAGS

others. Mature teenagers and parRIPS

ents are sensitive to the needs and RUNS OR BREAKS interests of one another and allow TREATMENT ONE of the material! lasts the life for their satisfaction and expression.

of nylons pair on an inexpensive Try parents their encourage Wise be itamazed. chiland

fear without your nylons wearing Enjoy activity dren to use the home as an of runs.

center, not as a museum or show exceptMoneymesh.back guarantee on all types or nose

place where one is afraid to sit down... low price Now at a new anything. or touch per package 59 cents

4. Ability to accept others. Both or two packages for $1.00

parents recognize youth need to and Biff1bill:> "mi Send cash, check or money order to differences in limitations one anand lOO

other. Perfection should not be exOof P.NYLONGO. Box COMPANY1436 pected. mPRCflL Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send me packages of 5. Adopt a pattern of balanced NYLONG for which you will find enclosed living. The mature person carries nnPKins

no activity to the extreme, but builds his life upon a fivecornered foundation of love, work, rest, worship, and play. Parents and teenagers should MAKERS OF HltC/lStl CflGtttl

help one another to enjoy all five. SUPER WAXED PAPER

MAY 1952 369 Tf or son daughter your small over; squeals: I have CAROUSELSLANTED! incolorcherryredin dust rufflesthat picksand curtains.up that on "Come

a circus in my. room!"he or she iSu cJLoulse J-tnee Furniture is simple and plain so that

probably has a motif that includes it in no way detracts from the circus everything except a carousel. And fabric or the animal prints framed

an ingenious daddy might even inroom shown, the twin studio and hung in a stiff upright panel on stal at least one horse that resembles couches that double as beds are the wallends at foot of both beds.

a merrygo-round one, to add that made gay with circusdecorated maFloor is cork—easy to look at, easy

final and welcome touch. In the terial and plain spreads of plastic to clean and keep clean.

Try a loaf of NEW "MILK IMPROVED'Table Queen Bread Today!

Each pound of Table Queen Bread gives you the nonfat milk solids of with 7 OUNCES OF MILK!

VITAMINS and IRON ROYAL BAKING COMPANY. SALT LAKE & OGDEN

370 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

WHEAT GERM

L.D.S. is MORE than a Makes It Better

BUSINESS COLLEGE!

You go to school to learn. This obvious

statement means more to you when you attend L.D.S. Business College. It means you

get the very best instruction in business courses with the finest equipment, plus added spiritual and religious training so necessary for successful living.

of Take advantage these L.D.S. also has many social groups open L.D.S. extras which only

your BUSINESS COLLEGE, HerChurch school, offers you. to its students—Lambda Delta Sigma,

Springtime should be synonymous Day or evening classes. auders (returned missionaries), and Alpha with pep, energy, enthusiasm, Iota—which foster friendship and teach

and new life. And vitamin B the art of "getting along with people."

goes with all these things as daffodils go with spring. Hence these suggesWrite today for FREE bulletin for information

tions for using wheat germ, for the germ of the wheat is new life itself,and a rich source of natural B vita- I. I) S BUSINESS COLLEGE -H -U KJr 70 NORTH MAIN - SALT LAKE CITY - 3-2765mins. Try it on your family.

Allof-thewheat Muffins cup wheat germ To see these enduring 72 cup bran gems of the designers'1 cup milk and sculptors'inspired cup wholewheat flour work is to realize their2 I/2 tsp. baking powder

l/2 tsp. salt utter suitability to carcup dark Y4 molasses ry love and memory

1 egg, unbeaten 2 tbsp. cooking oil through the ages.

i 2 cup raisins The Guardian Memorial Bond is Combine wheat germ, bran, and % an everlasting guarantee.

cup milk. Let stand a few minutes.

Add flour sifted with baking powder molasses,and salt. Add egg, l/$ cup comjoncs it CO For every Monument or

oil,milk, cooking Stir and raisins.

only until combined. Fill greased mufuuaUiatt MEMORIALS Memorial need, see

fin tins twothirds full and bake in hot oven (400 F.) 25 minutes. Makes 1

dozen. ELIAS MORRIS 90&YearsSONSof Service COMPANY

Brunch Cake 250 East South Temple, Salt Lake City - - - Phone 3-5715

Serving the Intermountain West 3 tbsp. butter

l/2 cup sugar 1 egg, beaten DRINK 1 cup milk \y2 cups fine wholewheat flour fan. weny

2 tsp. baking powder ficq A delightful

CO. SALT don't drink coffee. LAKE COSTUME who cup wheat germ %]/4 tsp. salt hot beverage for those 3-1031 St., Salt Lake City - Dial So. Main 248 1 GROCERS tsp. vanilla YOUR AT

butter, Blend sugar; egg, milk. add EARNINGS students,OPPORTUNITY teachers workers,Stir and many in flour sifted with baking powder

Christian furthering with concerned salt; thenand add profitable wheat are discovering germ a and and,, Unbreakableto look like glass.... mouldedLightothersChurchciples prinway new

representatives. free. as have doing noise Ecoof so our weight, Manyvanilla. find joy their too can doubled and income. You height. Standard Pour into greased 9"square nomical.

enjoy or prosperity right in your community ownpan. dealer. from your Order this travel. of a lifetime challenge Don't miss

tbsp. 2 annually. SPECIAL germ, wheat Others OFFER $6,000 or more up to making Topping—Mix

353. for large advertisement, our Write See page lot trial tbsp. $1.00 of for crushed5 cereal flakes (corn Mail "Opportunity Plus."

postpaid. sent 'dozen oneflakes, flakes, etc.) wheat 3 tbsp. sugar, INC. RUDIN & JOHN COMPANY

Mass. St., 14, Boston Sudbury 55 {Continued 5, Dept. on following page) Chicago 1018 C42 S.Wabash

MAY 1952 371III.

WHEAT GERM MARES IT BETTER (Continued from preceding page) y4 cup milk 3 tbsp. melted butter, % tsp. cinnamon. salt to taste

Sprinkle over batter and bake in moder-!/3 cup fine bread crumbs

ate oven (375 F.) 2530 minutes.!/3 cup wheat germ

butter Salmon Croquettes Combine corn, eggs, milk, and salt.

!/4 cup butter or margarine Mix crumbs and wheat germ. Alter-

!/4 cup flour nate layers of corn mixture with crumbs

1 cup milk in wellbuttered baking dish. Dot each

2 cups flaked salmon (1 canJ layer with butter. Sprinkle grated

% cup wheat germ cheese over top, if desired. Bake in

2 tsp. minced onion moderate oven (350 F.) 45 minutes.

1 egg Serves 6.

1 tbsp. milk

!/3 cup cracker crumbs AppleWheat Germ Crunch

Y2 tsp. salt

5 cooking apples Melt butter and blend in flour. Add % cup wholewheat flour

1 cup cold milk and stir over low heat 1 tsp. baking powder

until thick. Stir in salmon, half the Y2 tsp. salt

wheat germ, onion, and salt to taste. y2 cup brown sugar

Mix well and form into croquettes. l/3 cup wheat germ

Beat egg and 1 tbsp milk. Roll cro- 1 egg

quettes first in mixture of remaining Y$ cup melted butter or cooking oil wheat germ, crumbs, salt—then in egg; cinnamon or nutmeg

then again in crumbs. Fry in hot fat

until golden brown, turning occasionWash apples and slice into buttered ally. pan. Sift flour, baking powder, salt,

Beef Loaf Pie and sugar together; add wheat germ and

blend with fork. Add egg, and work

3 or 4 medium potatoes with fork until crumbly. Spread over

2 tbsp. butter apples; pour shortening on top. Sprinkle

\ x/2 lbs. ground beef with spice. Bake in moderate oven

1 tbsp. grated onion (350 F.) 45 minutes.

2 tbsp. chopped green pepper;

\ l/2 tsp. salt Wheat Germ Fluffs

% cup wheat germ y4 cup tomato sauce 2 egg whites 1 tbsp. Worcestershire sauce % cup brown sugar

Bind Your % cup wheat germ 1 tsp. vanilla

cups Improvement Eros peelSteamand ormash.boil potatoesAdd butter,in skins;saltthento 2 wheat flakes, soya flakes, or corn

taste. Mix other ingredients. Spread flakes

for Reference half of beef mixture in greased pie pan; 1 cup coconut

cover with potatoes; top with remaining

beef. Bake in moderate (375 F.) oven stiff; until Beat egg whites gradually Preserve your Improveminutes. 45 in pie Cut wedges. fold sugar, in then wheat germ and Era copies ment by having

vanilla. Last, fold flakes in cereal and them bound into permanent Corn Pudding coconut. greased Drop by spoonfuls on yearly volumes. You'll find

sheet. cookie Bake in moderate oven excellent them reference cups creamstyle 2 corn (350 F.) 10 to 12 minutes. 3 Makes sources for your family, eggs, and 2 beaten dozen.

they are a proud addition to any library. Quality

workmanship and materials will make these volumes HANDY HINTS lifetime. last a

Payment for Handy Hints used will be Cold lard won't clog the blades of dollar publication. In one the event upon if is beaters cost just The you the blades per $3.00 warm volume in warm idea that the with two are submitted, same Salt (FO.B. City; Lake postpaid, a add few minutes before using them. will earlier the receive one postmarked 30c. Canada other foreign and E., Chandler, Arizona. the—Mrs.water W. dollar. ideas the returned, of be can None countries 75c.) add

will receive consideration. careful but each

Save your Eras and send them for binding to One of the simplest ways to wind a

If the soles of youngster's new shoes roller spring of a window shade is to are smooth and slippery, rub them with insert the flattened end in a keyhole.

Deseret News Press pingsandpaper.on polishedThis keepsfloorsthemandfrompreventsslipThenand trungripit theuntilrollertight.withMrs.bothR. handsB. Y.,

K., Montpelier, Idaho. Elko, Nevada.#8 South Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah many a fall.—J.

372 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I

Palette and Clay

(Concluded from page 314) place there's a rather mediocre flower study of mine, yet Ted used to think Chocolaty Goodness

Rembrandt. it outranked The chilWITH MY animals dren's bedrooms have silly

painted on the walls, but my children love their home. No, I haven't done DUFFS

serious painting. But say, instead, I

turned to sculpture—of a kind. There are my three fine children; wouldn't Devil's Food Mix!

you say works of art could take a variety of forms?"

Later, on her way out of the door with Anna, Miss Petrie stopped to speak to the whitehaired Mr. Hay- \i it's meltin-yourmouth

den. She smiled at him smugly. chocolaty goodness you

"Anna Robins didn't become a want—try my new Duff's

writer, after all,"she said. "She's a Devil's Food Mix. Because

very successful artist."I use only the finest quality

ingredients—expertly

measured and blended—

In Conference Assembled cansults.guaranteeYou get devil'sperfectfoodre-

(Continued from page 313) cake that's moist and light. rich flavor in chocolate

and aroma... not just once '* ''<* 1*sAcB ishopsecondThorpecounselorB. Isaacson,in the Presidingformerly

every time you bake.—but

that's aBishopric, was advanced to first And promise.

counselor to serve with Bishop Wirthlin. Bishop Isaacson was appointed *SeeYoumy{ustmoneybackadd milk!'

as second counselor December 14, guarantee on every package.

1946, and was formally sustained and set apart for this position in April 1947. At the time of this appointment, Bishop Isaacson was first counselor in the bishopric of the Yale

Ward. Bishop Isaacson had been

engaged in the educational field for some time, as superintendent of schools in Bancroft, Idaho, and also as coach and instructor at Brigham

Young College in Logan, and later as coach at Ephraim, his birthplace. His

professional work later turned to that of insurance, and he became manager of the Lincoln National Life Insurance Company in Salt Lake City.

Since 1943 Bishop Isaacson has been a member of the board of trustees of the Utah State Agricultural

College. He chaired the board for

the past two years, and is now serving his third year as chairman of the board.

Bishop Isaacson married Lula Maughan Jones in the Salt Lake Temple, June 16, 1920. They have two

children: Richard A., and Joyce I.

Tribe.*****"Dishop Carl W. Buehner, newly apAnerieafcBest

pointed second counselor to the

Presiding Bishop, born in Gerwas thismany and country came to as a inflavorTSts!

(Concluded on following page) MAY 1952 373 IN CONFERENCE ASSEMBLED (Concluded from preceding page) was appointed to the Granite Stake twoyear-old child, when his parents, high council, then to second and later experiencing the spirit of gathering, to first counselor in the stake presileft their home to come to this new dency, and finally to stake president land. Not only the strange land but alof Granite Stake. He was also apso a new language confronted them pointed chairman of the Salt Lake

and the difficulty of making a living region of the Church welfare program for an everincreasing family when where he served from 1946 to 1949, both language and customs were difwhen this region was divided, and ficult to understand. Thus, early in he was appointed chairman of the INSURANCE life Bishop Buehner learned the value new region, the Pioneer. When in

For Every Purpose of work—and also the therapy of 1951 he moved from Granite Stake,

play, for at school he entered into the he was released from the stake presiYour local Kolob Agent offers a athletic program and won eleven dency and his welfare chairmanship, timesaving, service moneysaving for letters in high school sports activibut he was then appointed a member he can write insurance all your needs. In this way he can save you ties. of the general Church welfare comcostly overlapping and avoid danMarried to Lucile Thurman, Aumittee. During this past year he has

gerous underprotection. Policies are

written through strong stock comgust 22, 1922, in the Salt Lake Temtraveled widely through the stakes of panies... claim service is always ple, they have reared three daughters the Church, where his knowledge and

prompt and fair. and one son: Ruth B. McPhie, June vision of the program and its operais a Kolob insurgeneral called forth enthusiastic Ferrin, B. B. Marilyn tion have Riches, an and ance agency with 300

testito his vigorous serving response in Carl own the United T., now serving agents Utah,

Idaho, Montana and NeStates air force. mony of this work.

vada. Bishop Buehner's Church service These men, sustained in general

FRANK SALISBURY, MGR. has been long and varied. He served conference, April 6, 1952, have earned

in the bishopric of the Forest Dale the support of the Church, who will

Ward, progressing from second to follow their inspired leadership in the first counselor to bishop. Later, he ways of truth and righteousness.

330 Judge Bldg., Salt Lake City

PLAYING THE GAME FAIRLY (Continued from page 315) Indians sometimes killed the sick if such sickness slowed them WE DFFER... carried, and the Indians were depeople

A COMPLETE termined that someone other than up, so he purposely joked with

ENGRAVING SERVICE they must carry it. Thus each white them that day, in spite of his double

From Missionary Portraits to the Largest man had a pack of about fifty to load, to keep them from thinking Catalogues.

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention sixty pounds to throw on his back, of his sick friend.

and he oftentimes had to carry The morning of the third and CO. UTAH ENGRAVING

St. 113 Regent Salt Lake City, Utah this load fifteen to twenty miles a last day finally broke. Halliwell

day. was quite unable to continue the

Boone was very wise. On the journey. He had done his best,

it was not enough. The tomaHOTEL LANKERSHIM march, to gain the good will of but

7th & BROADWAY the redskins, he gave them valuable hawk was brought out by two InROOMS WITH BATH information; he told them interestdians. Boone sensed the danger

From $3.50 Single—$5.00 Double ing stories of the white people and and immediately managed to put

Dining and Supper Rooms New bit himself the sick a with them, argued he and bebetween even man

IN THE VERY HEART OF let captors. All to careful the ing while the his them win he was LOS ANGELES

argument. thinking faster than he had ever

before. True Christian CALL CARL CAMMANS Among the prisoners was a thought

the "Blind Man"for young man named Stephen Hallithat he was, he would defend his

ALUMINUM AWNINGS well who was ill when captured friend with his own life. STORM ALUMINUM WINDOWS

ALUMINUM VENETIAN BLINDS and fell in a state of collapse at the Finally he told the Indians that

COLUMBIA WINDOW SHADES end of the first day's journey. to kill the man would only bring Terms——Easy

UTAH Blind Venetian Co. threedayIt was supposedmarch. toNextbe atmorningleast a othermore whitetroublepeople,on themand thatlaterif fromtheir 2420 So. State, 6-8764 Salt Lake CityPhone

poor Halliwell gritted his teeth as only reason for using the tomahawk to the journey. the he slowing avoid began Boone saw was down HEADQUARTERS FOR 1 L.D.S. f that his friend could hardly he divide march, Halliwell's walk, would IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA A \ let his alone carry the pack, pack so he took other whites and among

YE REST KINGS MOTEL Halliwell's load to carry in addition undertake to carry the sick man 526 5TH STREET SOUTH

Dr. Harold B. Foutz, Owner to his own. Others of the white the entire day's journey. The InEdgar H. Foutz, Manager men supported the sick man as they dians readily consented to this

Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout journeyed along. Boone knew the proposition, not that they con374 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

sidered the poor sick man, but bebittered. He decided to go farther

cause they thought a great deal into the wilderness and make a new of Boone, and they also wanted to home. His footsteps never halted

see if he could make good his until he had crossed the mighty proposal. He assured them he Mississippi into Missouri. Here

could fill his part of the bargain, he started all over again.

and if he failed, they could scalp Years later, Hardy, his adopted son, of with another together Halliwell.both him and to OUR Boone's early companions, came the tiresome journey began. So

him. distance they From the sick fastened to seeThe was man

sitting could old TRAVEL SERVICE on an see Boone in a slingBoone's back made of buffalo and elk leather. The Indians stump in the yard. Approaching

constantly watched their white more closely, they saw the old IS FREE hero on the march, expecting him to woodsman was cleaning his gun Why bother yourself with give up at any moment. On he in preparation for another hunt. theervationstrouble? Atof nomakingextra costreswalked with his heavy load. Before While they were together, the to you, we can arrange

the journey was half over Boone subject of religion came up. Many youring transportation,entire vacationhotelincludac-

was looking to the end of the day. of those men were genuinely decommodations, sightseeing

For the last hour of the march he* vout and very likeable. Hardy tours.., everything.

his older to asked exert of companion every whathad ounce all of religion. thought the UNIVERSAL TRAVELstrength This is he at he possessed. Then

once, and on time, too, the procesanswer he got: "The Lord has dealt SERVICE

sion came in sight of the village. kindly with me,"said Boone, HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE

Hundreds of squaws and Indian reverently. "I have more than I Phone 5-6215 Salt Lake City

children swarmed up to and around need, and no man can lay a claim the strangers out of curiosity, not against me. I left some debts in

the least of which was one man Kentucky, but with a few good carrying another man. But Boone seasons'hunting and trapping I

had saved the life of his friend, got together a considerable pile and he was indeed happy for it. of money. I went back-—you two

Boone finally escaped from the boys were in Illinois, and I was

Indians and made his way back to mighty sorry not to see you-—and

Kentucky. Many a time he was I cleaned up every debt. When

called to help rescue the whites I got home again, I had just half from the redskins. In between these a dollar—Oh, Hardy!—It felt good

skirmishes and wars, Boone found to be a free man....

time to improve his beautiful farm "It pleased the Lord to choose in this lovely spot in Kentucky. The me as an instrument for the settleIndians were finally pacified or ment of Kentucky, but I think my EARLY CALIFORNIA ripe olives

driven farther away, and Boone work was done before I left....

was about to settle down to enjoy I never had much schooling, Hardy, himself in his later life when a and you know that churches are in not plentifulland shark at suddenly appeared the backwoods,"his cabin thoughtfully. and Boone, "I'm PIKES PEAK added demanded that Boone

move off. The old settler objected. afraid my religion is the homemade

Said he: "You are mistaken, kind, and I dare say it wouldn't FLOUR

stranger. I cut the first tree down on seem quite the right thing to a With FOUR

this plantation. I built this cabin myparson, but I've used it as a guide Extra Baking

self, cleared the land, planted the through life, son, and it served me Advantages first crops, and have lived here ever well enough. It's just this,"consince."tinued the old man baring his head: SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS

"Nevertheless,"replied the "to love and fear God; to believe 425 West 5th South

stranger, "this place is mine. I in Jesus Christ. To do all the good Salt Lake City, Utah

doubt not you have done all you to my neighbor and myself that I little can, and to as I do as harm did, in failedsay you one yet you i >-B-o-fri::.*.-.:- <)00()400()04 help. to trust in God's Andvital point. failed to get a can You

patent from the government guarmercy for the rest."

anteeing your right to the land. I Boone lived in Missouri until he IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS

have obtained that patent."was eightysix years old, respected Aids in treatment of Canker, simple

Poor Boone had been too trustby all who knew him. He died sore throat and other minor mouth

ing. His life had been governed happy and with a light heart beand throat irritations.

by the golden rule. Honest at cause he had always done his best

heart himself, he took it for granted to be honest with God and with HALLS REMEDYthat all other people were as fair his fellow men. Salt Lake City, Utah

as he. But he did not become em2Op. cit.. pp. 316317.

MAY 1952 375 0Wt,

CORRECTION with the precious gospel messages. But again now that I

have had my extreme hunger satisfied I can see your wisdom

Inadvertently the Era erred in the "Pomeroy Family Genebecause the ads do hold an interest and because you find the alogy"article on page 91 of the February issue by saying most modern and needful appliances that can bring joy of that Irene Ursula was the daughter of Mrs. Haskell by a former use and saving of labor, giving folk more time to enjoy the

marriage. Irene Ursula Hastings was the daughter of Ashbel beauties of life. I can commend you on them also. These

Green Haskell and Ursula Billings Hastings Haskell. are the bread of life also and part of our precious gospel. Man

is that he might have joy.

-<>- May you keep up the good work.

Your sister, Camp Stoneman, California Julia Nuttall

Dear Editors:

am enclosing $2.50 for a subscription of your magazine, The Glendale 6, California

I Improvement Era. I am not a Mormon, matter of fact, I Dear Editors:

never even knew what a Mormon was until I came through Thank you very much for your kindness in sending me the

Salt Lake City about two months ago. I think you people current copy of The Improvement Era. Of course, I felt

have a very wonderful religion. proud to see my article "How to Hook a Rug"in this issue!

I have read the Book of Mormon and quite a lot of other If only other magazines would pattern after yours, and be free matter on your beliefs and find that there is a lot to it. I of those objectionable advertisements.

went through the temple grounds and thought it was very I hope the kindness you spread comes back a hundredfold, beautiful. Especially the tabernacle and the temple. I also personally, to each one of you who "make"this the fine publithink that Salt Lake City is about the most hospitable and cation it is.

cleanest city I have ever been in.... Sinccrplv

I have read about three or four issues of The Improvement /s/ (Mrs.) Edith M. Hounsell

Era and like it very much.

friend of in the to subscribes the mine company magazine A

Alta., Grove, Cherry Canada I it I it until can't here. and wait gets read always from cover

Editors: Dear to it. cover before I gets a to he see chance even going So am to subscription renewal Improvement The is my to have from won't be bothering and on own now my him Enclosed

I sit to magazine. write wonderful As today down Era—a any more.

it is exactly Saint missionaries year Latterday ago that one two yours, sincerely Very fifty visit to miles walked twentytwo me. weather The was /s/ A. Fred McMullen

degrees in to started zero out the they below morning when an unknown destination.

It of faith carried indeed that those a splendid example was San Diego, California residence. in their faces, to day two was The wind that my Dear Editors:

fifteen the the temperature during high and below was day lifetime only in feel like once a does writing one a Perhaps zero. Spirit of of sure the the have must warmth God I am letter this, like I feel but inspired of because great my spirits. in to carry such been high through with them them for I thankfulness so. the that Era must do L. of Steffen are Their Elder Elder and names Utah Tommy selling of Because for and three around moving home my of Paul Idaho. G. Hatch

I states, years four over to not able have been have ImThe It I to that subscription received through was them The my in I possession. provement Era settled at Then became my

is it. It for spiritual a Era, thankful and Improvement present address in this Diego Stake San past my winter and for are to various reasons especially unable guide those I whoam I. at I A. for opening M. season subscribed the again. Era to services. regular attend Church

I tell I but Could for hungry you of the was word how God yours, Respectfully as its It proclaimed through like pages! be would a camper /s/ Harold Coad M. to his I coming mother's cooking. home have reared been on

the Church magazines. How I love them!

The wonder that you were so wise as to put a picture of all Dayton, Idaho the General Authorities in that magazine, where you printed Dear Editors:

the sermons and talks of so many of them! One could read have especially enjoyed three things in the February Era—

the heading of an article, the speaker's name, then look him I the poems, "Sonnet,"by Elaine V. Emans (with the lovely

ingospel—howthe face andgood.readHowfrommuchthat ofhisthesinceritybread ofandlifelovethoseof theinpicture)and the; article"Advice"Imagery:to YoungTheExplorers,"Art of a byChild,"Maryhaleby FrancesWoolsey;G.

spired leaders give out! It reminds one of when the five thouYost. I'm not acquainted with any of these authors except

sand had gathered to hear Christ speak and then the Master through their work which I see in different publications.

fed them with the five loaves and two fishes. God bless each In Mrs. Yost's article she gave us as parents the sermon we

of them and you and help you to be able to continue to feed need without preaching, and the two poems made my heart sing the Bread of Life to the multitude. with their truths.

At first I resented the fact that you had given over to adSincerely, vertisements so many of the columns that could have been filled Mabel Law Atkinson

BIND YOUR ERA FOR 1951 Subscribers who wish to bind or to otherwise preserve the 1951 volume of THE IMPROVEMENT ERA are informed that the annual index is now being prepared. You may reserve

your index by sending your name and address to THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, 50 North

Main St., Salt Lake City 1, Utah. Please enclose a threecent stamp with your request to

cover cost of postage.

376 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA You say where—we'll take you there

in Ato(-/uiw] comfort

UNION

PACIFIC RAILROAD

.;.......v.v.vv v.;::.-: v.v:.:::::::;;.

I:;:

I; \.

pPfe: "W&

Jriw It's easy to plan a wonderful vacation the Union Pacific way.

Note the booklets listed,.. select the region, or regions, in

which you're interested... then fill in and mail the coupon.

Each booklet contains beautiful photos, tells you about the region and gives you other helpful travel information.

Finally, ask your nearest Union Pacific representative—or travel

agent—to arrange your trip and make your reservations.

trains, you'll Pacific ridest the Streamliners or other fine Union a—On r-q California

... attentive service receive roadbed over a cushioned smoothly nDudeU Ranches Yellowstone

q... and enjoy excellent diningcar meals.

Name

Address Zone.Stateillbeenclosed.

materiaW City UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD lf student, state ageand special f *W

IB*!?*?.; Wt'. "S* '''?Tf"

I 4H

WjlW '**

i1! 1 "s-*

*-* Jl &.,:.'"'Peace and Pletitu

There's something infinitely WW*/ L.:; -

peaceful and secure about the -.. - - * il v sigjjuef fat flocks grazing in a mountain meadow... and there's

'I ':WWsrf-i '* *% + * r\!/*.'* v* 4- -w * "v.-'It4* Ui

peace and"''''.":'"'...security* S T"if you have

provided adequate life insurance for your family.

Over *A billion dollars of lifeinsurance in force.

Insurance

iV, Pres.