Egyptian Papyri

Rediscovered, Regional RepresenPresented to Church tatives of the Twelve

BYU is special Make sure you are ready*

An education at BYU is something special. High

academic standards combined with physical and spiritual training in an ideal social climate, a dedicated faculty, a highly motivated student body, and a beautiful campus with finest facilities all add up to a superior education.

Students planning to take advantage of it should be prepared. Try to earn good grades in

high school. And remember, deadline for new

applications for autumn semester 1968 is April 30.

Students transferring from other colleges have until July 31. Also, all new freshmen must take

the American College Tests which are given in every state. Check your local high school or

college for test registration and materials.

Only two more tests remain, Feb. 17 (register by

Jan. 25) and May 1 1 (register by April 19).

Demand is great for the superior education of BYU, but there is always room for the good scholar. Make sure you are ready.

Brigham Young University Dates to remember:

Jan. 25—Deadline to register for American College Tests

of Feb. 17.

Feb. 17—American College Tests.

Mar. 1—Final date for incoming freshmen and transfer

student applications for scholarships,

April 19—Deadline to register for American College Tests

of May 11.

April 30—Final date for new freshmen to apply for fall

semester admission.

May 11—American College Tests.

May 31—Final date for admissions applications for

Summer School 1968.

July 31—Final date for admissions applications of

transfer, former and graduate students.

Sept. 19, 20, 21—Registration,

The Voice of the Church January 1968 Cover Note:

Our cover photographs this month have special significance. We are pleased to reproduce, for the first time anywhere in full

color, and the same size as the original, a photograph of the papyrus manuscript from Special Features which the Prophet Joseph Smith obtained 2 Editor's Page: For the Perfecting of the Saints, President David 0.

Facsimile I in the Book of Abraham. This McKay

valuable and important manuscript and ten 4 The Ancient Land of Egypt, Doyle L. Green

other pieces of papyrus that were once the 12 Egyptian Papyri Rediscovered, Jay M. Todd

property of the Prophet Joseph Smith have 18 A New Look at the Pearl of Great Price: Part 1, Challenge and Rebeen rediscovered and given back to the sponse, Dr. Hugh Nibley

Church. (See story, page 12.) 26 Meeting the Needs of a Growing Church, Elder Harold B. Lee

32 Regional Representatives of the Twelve

The second cover photograph has interest, as it was taken in upper Egypt in the area 59 It's Easy to Say "Charge It,"Quinn G. McKay

where the papyrus scroll that contained this record, the manuscript of the Book of AbraRegular Features ham, and other writings lay buried for cen52 Teaching: FeminineFlavored Church History, Kenneth W. Godfrey

turies in a tomb. The huge gritstone statues 62 The Era Asks About LDS Servicemen

are called the Colossi of Memnon and have 68 Lest We Forget: Monument in Vermont, Albert L, Zobell, Jr.

watched over the Necropolis (the city of the 72 The LDS Scene dead) and the Valley of the Tombs of the 74 Buffs and Rebuffs Kings from the days of the early pharaohs.

(See story and additional color photographs, 76 The Church Moves On page 4.) 78 The Presiding Bishopric's Page: The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth

About Education, Bishop John H. Vandenberg

Both photographs and the articles men80 Today's Family: June in January, Florence B. Pinnock

tioned above help provide an interesting back85 These Times: General Bradley, the War in Vietnam, and 1968, G.

ground for a most important series by Dr. Homer Durham

Hugh Nibley, "A New Look at the Pearl of 70, 76, 82, 84, 86 The Spoken Word, Richard L Evans

Great Price,"which begins on page 18 of this 88 End of an Era issue.

Photo of the Colossi of Memnon is by Era of Youth

Doyle L. Green, managing editor. 3950 Marion D. Hanks and Elaine Cannon, Editors

Poetry 53, 54, 56 Poetry

DavidEleanorEra of 0.YouthKnowles,McKayAssociateandV/illiamRichardEditor:T. Sykes,L.RalphEvans.EditorialReynolds.Editors;Associates;ArtDoyleDirector;L, Green,FlorenceNormanManagingB. F.Pinnock,Price,Editor;StaffToday'sAlbertArtist.FamilyU. Zobell,Editor;Jr., MarionResearchD. Hanks.Editor; MabelEra of JonesYouth Gabbott,Editor; ElaineJay M,Cannon.Todd,

G.G-ManagerCarlosHomerSmith,andDurham.SubscriptionJr., GeneralFranklinDirector;Manager:S. Harris,ThayerFlorenceJr., HughEvans,S. Jacobsen,Nibley,S. GlennSidneyAssociateSmith,B. Sperry,AdvertisingGeneral AlbertManager;Representatives.L. Payne,Verl F.ContributingScott, BusinessEditors.Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Acting Business

of Latterday Superintendent, of Saints, The Young Improvement Association General Mutual and the by Men'sof of resen/ed.Christ Associations Subscription Mutual of a Christ Latterday Improvement The Jesus advance; 1968,$3.00

year, multiple Churchyears, subscriptions, threeyear to each Allyearof price;price, years. a single for year,publishedcopy, the 2 $5,75: $8.25; succeeding Saints.$2,50Church 3 rightsJesusadded inexcept 35C

issues. special

Priestfiood at Utah, Associations. Salt at Office, Lake for the rate of for special class the matter. in section Mutual Entered marling provided Improvement as Quorums, Acceptance organ of second 1103, postage

July City,2. 1918. act Post1917, October School Music System, and Church Committee. Teaching Committee. authorizedis not for contributions. responsible manuscripts are for welcomes ofImprovement but paid Manuscripts acceptance The on and must be of Tfie otfier Christ OfficialHome agencies of Latterday of Jesus Samts. Church

for delivery by postage unsolicitedand accompanied suffictentErais slip for notice include address of a of Thirty required days'issue please ordering recent address. change, from magazine. return.When the Address

well address old included. is unless thechange the as as be cannot aone changes new made

The Improvement Era, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

January 1968 The Editor's Page

Fbr thePerfecting of (hiSail

By President David 0. McKay

"And lie gave some, apostles; and some, prophets; tion and brotherly love, into the home, wherein lies

and some, evangelists; and some, pastors and the first and foremost opportunity for teaching in the

teachers; Church.

"For the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the l)ody of Christ; Three things should be kept in mind in thorough

"Till we all come in the unity of the faith, and of preparation for home teaching: First, a knowledge of

the knowledge of the Son of God, unto a perfect man, those whom we are to teach. As each family is differunto the measure of the stature of the fulness of ent from another, so each individual in the family

Christ."(Eph. 4:1113.) differs from others. Methods and messages should

vary according to each individual and according to his

This is what the brethren have in mind v/hen they problems and needs.

say correlation program. This is what you brethren

of the priesthood, and you members, have in mind To perform fully our duty as a home teacher, we because you are servants of the Most High. He has should be continually aware of the attitudes, the

given you the responsibility of perfecting the Saints, activities and interests, the problems, the employment, of working in the ministry, for edifying the Saints of the health, the happiness, the plans and purposes, the

Cod; and the object is the perfecting of the individual. physical, temporal, and spiritual needs and circumstances of everyone—of every child, every youth, and

May we cite the home teaching program and the every adult in the homes and families that have been home evening program, two very important links now placed in our trust and care as bearers of the priestfunctioning as part of the correlation program. hood and as representatives of the bishop.

Home teaching is one of our most urgent and reSecond, a knowledge of what we are to teach. It

warding opportunities to nurture and inspire, to is the home teachers'duty to teach that Jesus the counsel and direct our Father's children in all that Christ is the Redeemer of the world; that Joseph Smith

pertains to life. Through the priesthood quorums and and his successors are prophets of God; that the gospel

under the bishop's direction, home teaching takes the has been restored; and that The Church of Jesus

message of the gospel, the message of life and salvaChrist of Latterday Saints is being divinely led and

Improvement Era

offers happiness and eternal life and exaltation for we reemphasize that no other success can compensate all who are willing to learn and to live its principles. for failure in the home.

The earnestness of our testimony and sincerity of our service will help give life, purpose, and a desire for Earnestly we urge parents to gather their families full fellowship in the Church to those we teach. around them, and to instruct them in truth and righteousness, in family love and loyalty. The home is the

Third, a knowledge of how we are going to teach. basis of a righteous life, and no other instrumentality

If we may take some words from the Doctrine and can take its place nor fulfill its essential functions. The

Covenants and apply them to this purpose, the home problems of these difficult times cannot better be teachers should "visit the house of each member"and solved in any other place, by any other agency, by any teach, expound, and exhort each to pray vocally and in other means, than by love and righteousness, precept secret; attend to all family duties and "watch over the and example, and devotion to duty in the home.

Church always, and be with and strengthen them"—

and this means always, however, whenever, and with May you be blessed in teaching and caring for and whatever may be necessary. drawing near to you those whom God has entrusted to

you, and in watching over your own. As you do so,

Home teaching is a divine service, a divine call. It love at home and obedience to parents will increase,

is our duty as home teachers to carry the divine spirit and faith will develop in the hearts of the youth of into every home and heart. To love the work and do Israel; they will gain power to combat evil influences

his best will bring unbounded peace, joy, and satisand temptations, to choose righteousness and peace, faction to each noble, dedicated teacher of God's and thus be assured an eternal place in the family children. circle of our Father.

it. Be true We recommend flexibility in the use of the family God is guiding this Church. Be true to

home evening manuals, that they be adapted to the cirto your families, loyal to them. Protect your children.

cumstances of each family, that parents who have Guide them, not arbitrarily, but through the example children in Zion recognize their obligation to teach of a kind father, a loving mother, and so contribute to their children to understand, to pray, and to walk the strength of the Church by magnifying your priestuprightly before the Lord. And again, most urgently hood in your home and in your lives. O

January 1968 Above: The Great Sphinx and the pyramid of Giza located near Cairo Right: The temple at Luxor in upper Egypt contains this huge, wellin lower Egypt. These monuments were more than 2,500 years old preserved statue of a seated pharaoh. The size of the statue and

when Joseph took Mary and the baby Jesus to Egypt from Palestine. columns can be determined from the people in the lower left corner.

The EraTakesYou to the Ancient Land of

Neighbor of Palestine..

Refuge of the Prophets

By Doyle L. Green

Managing Editor

Photographs by the author

Tthecollectionrecentofdiscoverypapyrus manuscriptsand return tothatthehadChurchonce beenof a whilethe Redits Seaeasternin thereachessouthareandwashedbutt againstby the watersPalestineof the property of the Prophet Joseph Smith and parts of in the north. The country is 760 miles wide and 675

which are associated with the Book of Abraham in miles long and is about the size of Texas and New the Pearl of Great Price (see article, p. 12) has stirred Mexico combined.

up renewed interest in the ancient land of Egypt. Egypt is in truth an ancient land, with a history that

Egypt is situated in the northeast corner of Africa. reaches back into time more than 5,000 years. If it

Its northern boundary borders the Mediterranean Sea, were only because a tomb in the desert hills of that

Improvement Era

h I.

s

''"- -'ii "'""r -f

Above; These monoliths in the Below: The columns shown here

temple at Karnak are of solid were evidently never completed, pieces of stone 97 feet high. as most Egyptian columns are

They weigh up to 350 tons each. smooth and covered with figures.

A statue of a perfectly preserved pharaoh at one end of the Great Right: Egyptologists say that some Egyptian temples were 2,000

Hall of the Columns in the temple at Karnak. The pharaoh's wife years in the building. Temples built by the early pharaohs were

is represented by the small figure standing under his left hand. added to and altered by later rulers.. This temple is at Luxor.

land cradled, protected, and preserved the invaluable Still, this African land did furnish a home for the writings of Abraham for hundreds of years, the land Israelites until the Lord, working through Moses, freed of the Nile should have an honored place in our them from bondage and led them back to the promthoughts. But Egypt was more than a preserver of ised land.

papyrus. This land sheltered and fed Abraham and We also owe a debt of gratitude to Egypt for furSarah when there was a famine in Palestine. Later it nishing a safe haven for the baby Jesus. It was to this

became the home of Joseph and subsequently offered country that Joseph, through instruction from an refuge to Father Jacob and his family when famine angel, took the Christ child with his mother to save again hit the Holy Land. True, when "there arose up him from being slain at the hands of the soldiers of

a new king over Egypt, which knew not Joseph"unscrupulous Herod.

(Exod. 1:8), the children of Israel fell into slavery. The historian Flavins Josephus tells of at least two

Improvement Era

iT?

Members of a Brigham Young University Bible Lands Study Tour group at Tomb 33, located in the desert hills west of the Nile River near the Valley of the Tombs of the Kings. This may have been the tomb

from which Antonio Lebolo obtained the mummies and papyrus that came into the possess/on of the Prophet Joseph Smith in July 1835.

Other occasions when corn and dried figs from the in it, is "a Translation of some ancient Records, that land of the Nile brought relief to hungry Palestine. have failed into our hands from the catacombs of

The writings of Abraham reveal that Egypt was Egypt.—The writings of Abraham while he was in

discovered originally "by a woman, who was the Egypt, called the Book of Abraham, written by his daughter of Ham, and the daughter of Egyptus.... own hand, upon papyrus."

"When this woman discovered the land, it was Because of Abraham and this papyrus, Latterday under water, who afterward settled her sons in it.... Saint visitors to upper Egypt have a more than usual

"... the first government of Egypt was established interest in the temples and the tombs around the

by Pharaoh, the eldest son of Egyptus, the daughter presentday cities of Luxor and Karnak. Members of

of Ham, and it was after the manner of the governthe Brigham Young University Bible Lands Study ment of Ham, which was patriarchal. Tour group, whom I assisted in directing in the late

"Pharaoh, being a righteous man, established his spring of 1966, found accommodations in a little hotel kingdom and judged his people wisely and justly all in Luxor quite tolerable. We reached the hotel, on

his days, seeking earnestly to imitate that order estabthe banks of the Nile River, from the airport following lished by the fathers in the first generations, in the a pleasant flight from Cairo, during which we watched days of the first patriarchal reien, even in the reign the great Nile River, bordered on each side by a narof Adam, and also of Noah, his father...."(Abraham row strip of greenery, winding its way through the

1:2326.) African deserts. The weather was almost unbearably

it rained, and were Egypt is first mentioned in the Bible in the twelfth hot and dry. We asked how often

chapter of Genesis. These scriptures tell us there informed that a few drops fall every six to eight years.

was a famine in Canaan, seemingly when Abraham We were glad to find air conditioners droning away arrived there from Haran. To escape it, he went into in our little rooms. Once during our brief stay they

Egypt. This story is verified by his account in the went off because of a power failure, and within a

Book of Abraham: "And I, Abraham, journeyed, going few moments we were pounding at the door of the

on still towards the south; and there was a continuamanager's office to let him know how we were suffertion of a famine in the land; and I, Abraham, coning. (As if he didn't already know!)

cluded to go down into Egypt, to sojourn there, for The food at the hotel was edible—just barely.

the famine became very grievous."(Abraham 2:21.) Drinking water was pumped out of the Nile. We were

There is no indication in the scriptures as to where told that it had been filtered, but some of our party

Abraham went in Egypt or how long he stayed. In expressed doubts about this. We were pleased to be

his day the headquarters of the government and home able to buy mineral water, bottled in France and sold of the pharaoh may have been in Memphis, which was at outrageous prices.

near where Cairo is now located, about 275 miles from But all of the inconveniences were forgotten as we

Jerusalem; or it may have been in Thebes, which is toured the great temples and the tombs, some parts of

another 375 miles up the Nile River. which are pictured and further described on these

In any event, it was near the ancient city of Thebes pages. The temples at Luxor and Karnak are unthat the mummies and papyrus were found that came believable. The Karnak temple is said to be the larginto the hands of the Prophet Joseph Smith in July est columnar structure ever built by man.. The

1835. Thebes was about 200 miles below Aswan, monoliths and the huge statues of the pharaohs are

where the great dam across the Nile is located and enough to stagger the imagination.

where the project is underway to save some of the One morning just as the sun was rising, we crossed ancient Egyptian statuary by moving it to higher the Nile River to visit the tombs and funeral temples ground. of western Thebes. Of great interest to me was the

The Book of Abraham, according to the introduction tomb of Tutankhanen in the Valley of the Tombs of

The Nile River has been the lifeblood of Egypt throughout its history. The photo was taken from Luxor across the river to the west

toward the hills where many of the pharaohs and nobles were buried.

January 1968 the Kings. I was in the second grade in grammar beginning of his story in the land of the Nile is set

school when this fabulous discovery was made. As a by historians in the year 1728 b.c. From then until

young boy, I was greatly impressed with the stories about 1491 B.C., when the great exodus of the Israelof the intrigue and romance and the riches of this ites took place, the story of the children of Israel and

marvelous find as they were imprinted upon my mind Egypt is, of course, closely interwoven. The Prophet

by a kindly teacher. This is one of the tombs that Joseph Smith recorded that one of the rolls of papyrus

had not been plundered by grave robbers, and it gave contained "the writings of Joseph of Egypt."(History

scientists a rich opportunity to learn more about the of the Church, Vol. 2, p. 236.

life and times of the ancient Egyptians. Most of the Throughout our travels in Egypt, we wondered just

rich treasures have been removed to a Cairo museum, where Joseph of Nazareth took Mary and the baby but some have been left in the tomb to be seen in their Jesus when they fled their homeland. A number of

original setting. qualified researchers have speculated that they may

Our guide was surprised when we asked him to have gone to a Jewish settlement near Cairo. It would

take us to Tomb 33. He couldn't understand why we seem logical for Joseph to seek refuge among his own

would want to see that particular tomb. We had people. If they did go to this Jewish settlement, it

carefully inspected and explored a number of the is possible that they may have seen the great pyramids deeper, more elaborately decorated and notable and also looked upon the face of the Sphinx. We are

tombs. Moreover, he told us, we couldn't get into told that the Sphinx is perhaps the oldest monument in

Tomb 33 because it was being used as a storage the world and was probably already more than 2,500 facility. But we persisted, explaining to him that it years old when Christ was born. The Sphinx has a

had a special meaning for us. Tomb 33, according to body of a lion and the face of a human. It is 240

some of our scholars, had been the resting place for feet long and 66 feet high. The face is said to reprethose many hundreds of years for the Abraham papysent that of a Pharaoh Chephren, the builder of the

rus, which has come to mean so much to members of second pyramid. The largest pyramid, called the

the Church. pyramid of Giza, was built for the pharaoh Cheops.

Dr. Ross T. Christensen, professor of archaeology It is constructed from more than two million limeat Brigham Young University, made a study of the stone and granite blocks, each weighing about two

ground plans and other available information concernand a half tons.

ing the "private tombs,""tombs of the nobles,"at The wonders performed by the ancient Egyptians,

Gurneh and concluded that Tomb 33, originally still visible along the Nile from Cairo to Aswan, stagger owned by Petanenopet, a noble of the twentysixth the imagination, even of modern man. The extensive

dynasty, possibly was the one that best fit the descriplearning they contributed to the world has had lasting tion of the tomb from which Antonio Lebolo obtained influence. But to many of us, our keenest interest in

his mummies and papyrus. Egypt lies in the fact that it was a neighbor of PalesAs we stood in the depression outside the tomb, we tine, that it furnished refuge for the prophets, and

talked and thought about Abraham and the incredible that it has been used by God to help bring about his account of the preservation of the papyrus that conrighteous purposes.

tained his writings, and the incredible story of its We hope that this brief background information, having been preserved over these many, many years and the colored photographs, will furnish a fitting and having been directed into the hands of the Prophet backdrop to the fascinating series of articles by Dr.

Joseph Smith. Hugh Nibley, which begins in this issue: "A New Look

We also thought and talked of another Joseph—the at the Pearl of Great Price,"page 15, and help add

one who was sold into Egypt and eventually became interest to our article on the finding of the papyri, one of the topranking men in the government. The page 12. O

10 Improvement Era mffP W fflPF

a**''

Above; A lifesize statue and paintings, Below: The Great Hall of Columns in Anon's Above: These hieroglyphics, which are typwliich help tell the story of the person temple at Karnak, which was in ancient ical of Egyptian markings to be found in

of noble birth buried in this tomb at Thebes. In this hall 140 columns stand in tombs and temples throughout Egypt, are in

Saqqara, have withstood the aging of time. 16 rows. They rise to a height of 78 feet. the temple of Hatshepsut, woman ruler.

Manuscript from which the Prophet Joseph Smith obtained

Facsimile 1, part of the Book of Abraham, is included in this valuable find.

Egyptian Ipyri Rediscovered

B2J Jay M. Todd

Editorial Associate

Perhaps no discovery in recent memuscripts is one identified as the ory is expected to arouse as much original document from which Joseph widespread interest in the restored gosSmith obtained Facsimile 1, which pel as is the recent discovery of some prefaces the Book of Abraham in the

Egyptian papyri, one of which is Pearl of Great Price. Accompanying

known to have been used by the the manuscripts was a letter dated

Prophet Joseph Smith in producing May 26, 1856, signed by both Emma the Book of Abraham. Smith Bidamon, widow of the Prophet

The papyri, long thought to have Joseph Smith, and their son, Joseph been burned in the Chicago fire of Smith, attesting that the papyri had 1871, were presented to the Church on been the property of the Prophet.

November 27, 1967, in New York City Some of the pieces of papyrus by the Metropolitan Museum of Art, apparently include conventional hieromore than a year after Dr. Aziz S. glyphics (sacred inscriptions, resemblAtiya, former director of the Univering picturedrawing) and hieratic (a

sity of Utah's Middle East Center, had cursive shorthand version of hieromade his startling discovery while glyphics) Egyptian funerary texts, browsing through the New York muwhich were commonly buried with seum's papyri collection. Egyptian mummies. Often the funerary

Included in the collection of 11 mantexts contained passages from the

t C

P/iotob hy J Heslop

Dr. Aziz Atiya examines manuscripts in the room in which he iound Dr. Aziz Atiya, Dr. Joseph Noble, Dr. Thomas P. F. Moving, President

the papyri and document signed by Emma Smith. Tanner compare Facsimile No. 1 with original.

"Book of the Dead,"a book that was to City, the manuscripts were turned "While I was in one of the dim assist in the safe passage of the dead over to Dr. Hugh Nibley, scholar, linrooms where everything was brought

person into the spirit world. It is not guist at Brigham Young University, to me, something caught my eye, and

known at this time whether the ten and contributing editor of The Im- I asked one of the assistants to take other pieces of papyri have a direct provement Era. for further research me behind the bars into the storehouse

connection with the Book of Abraham. and study. of documents so that I could look

It was also discovered that on the The story of the unusual manner in some more. While there I found a

backing of three of the manuscripts which the Prophet Joseph Smith obfile with these documents. I at once

(the backing was pasted to the fragile tained the original papyri and four recognized the picture part of it. When

manuscripts, apparently by the ProphEgyptian mummies has been told often I saw this picture, I knew that it had et Joseph, to give them firm support) and is full of adventure and fascinaappeared in the Pearl of Great Price.

are some jottings, handdrawn maps, tion. But of equal interest is the story I knew the general format of the picand apparent notations of townships, of Dr. Aziz S. Atiya's discovery of the ture. This kind of picture one can

all thought to be in the Prophet papyri in the Metropolitan Museum find generally on other papyri, but

Joseph Smith's handwriting. Their of Art, which is best told in his own this particular one has special pecuimportance or revelance has not yet words: liarities. For instance, the head had

been ascertained but will be of intense "I was writing a book at the time, fallen off, and I could see that the interest to Latterday Saint historians. one that I had started while a profespapyrus was stuck on paper, nineThe collection of manuscripts was sor of world Christianity and eastern teenth century paper. The head was

presented to President N. Eldon TanChristianity, and I went to the Metrocompleted in pencil, apparently by

ner of the First Presidency by Thomas politan Museum of Art looking for Joseph Smith, who must have had it

P. G. Moving, director of the Metrodocuments, papyri, pictures, and illuswhen, that part fell off. He apparently

politan Museum of Art, in an imprestrations to serve the book. It must drew the head in his own hand on the

sive ceremony held in the New York have been in the early spring of 1966. supplementary paper. Also, the hands

museum and attended by worldwide I really forget the date. My book was of the mummy, raised as they are, and

news agencies. After being displayed ready for the press, and I was looking the leg, raised as it is—usually the

in the Church offices in Salt Lake for supplementary material. mummies lie straight forward—are

January 1968 13 very peculiar. This papyrus is Egypthe curator had to go to Egypt for a mon history, made, I thinly, by Joseph

tian, true enough, but what it stands month in order to arrange final steps Smith's own hand. Three of the backs

for, I really don't know. for the transference to the Metropoliwere full of notes and maps, which

"Now when I saw this, I began to tan Museum of another treasure, in have to be studied by the specialists. I

search further. I saw more pieces of which I also had a hand. It concerns am not a specialist of that, but I have

papyri stacked together and suspected a great temple that is being presented an eye for original documents, and that Providence had assisted. Another by the Egyptian government to the these papyri documents ace not fakes;

document was found with these docuAmerican nation in recognition of the they are original Egyptian papyri of ments, signed by Joseph Smith's wife, contributions America has made to- a preChristian era. They could be

his son, and someone else, testifying ward the salvage of the Abyssinian from 3000 B.C. to 300 B.C.—over 300

that these papyri were treasured and momunents. B.C., at any rate. That is my estimate.

owned by Joseph Smith. "When the curator came back, he The era will have to be decided by the

"In 1918 a Mrs. Heusser came to the reported very nicely about the subject specialists.

museum and informed the officials and said, 'The decision has been "I know the kind of ink the Egypthat she had some papyrus, but an taken; your Mormon friends are gotians used and the difference between

understanding was not reached until ing to get these papyri. So, you go the genuine and the fake. Papyrus

1947. They were then acquired by to your friends and the President of writings were usually placed with the

the museum, and then the museum the Church and make the necessary mummy—papyri of many kinds—but

changed curators of Egyptian antiquiarrangements for a ceremony.'essentially the "Book of the Dead,"

ties and the whole subject was for- "Of course, President Tanner was which would give the mummy safe gotten. just as excited as I was. He reported passage to the world beyond. The

"When I saw these documents, I to President McKay, who was very papyri were sometimes colored. You

really was taken back. I know the enthusiastic about the project also. find papyri like this with blue, gold,

Mormon community, what it stands We then decided the way in which and red colors. This was not out of

for, its scripture, etc., apd I said at the ceremony would be conducted. the ordinary. With regard to the ink

once that these documents don't be- "I felt very honored and very, very used, it was generally made of soot long here. They belong to the Morpleased to be in the center of the and glue, and that is why it was etermon Church. Well, of course, the picture with such a distinguished pernal. I think these scrolls are written

people in the museum are good friends son as President Tanner and Mr. in that kind of ink. Usually the priests

of mine, and I tried to tempt them into Thomas P. G. Hoving, who is director did the writing—they were most

ceding the documents to the Church. of the museum. He's a very important skilled. They used reed pens, and

I informed my good friend Taza man, as is his assistant and vice dihad to sharpen the reed and split it

Peirce, who is executive secretary of rector, Dr. Joseph Noble. He's a very in the middle.

the Salt Lake Council for International fine man. All of them were there, "The Egyptians had the papyrus

Visitors, and we discussed the manner and to my surprise I found that the plant, and they used to split it into in which I should acquaint the Morpapyri were prepared in a very fine thin layers and put the layers crissmon community of the find. She sugbox for safekeeping. cross on one another, pound them with

gested I see President Tanner, and "But during the morning of that day a wooden hammer, and then glue she was the intermediary who arranged I made it a point to go in at an early them together. They cut them to suit

and attended our first two meetings. hour, long before the meeting of these the purposes of the documents they

Thereafter, I met directly with Presimagnates, in order to make sure that wanted to write. Usually long strips

dent Tanner, who had said the Church the papyri were there—not only the were used to make scrolls, and this

was very, very interested and would do papyri, because what is of importance one was made in that fashion.

anything or pay any price for them. is the document that accompanied the "In order to protect the papyrus,

Since that time, we worked quietly papyri. It was a faded thing, in ninewhich becomes brittle with agefor

on the possibility of their transference teenth century hand. I found that instance, the head of the person fell

to the Church. the museum had photographed it. off simply because the papyrus

"In these kinds of things, I never Well, of course, they had tried to was brittle—Joseph Smith probably

push. I take my time. With some photograph it before, but it wouldn't thought that the best thing for its

kindly persuasions and discussions, show because it was very faded blue protection was to glue it on paper.

the museum ultimately put a memopaper. Now they used infrared and When I first discovered these docurandum on the subject to the board ultraviolet photography to get the ments, I was so excited about the

of trustees of the museum. This took text out, so that now the photograph Egyptian writings that I did not look

a long time to come to that step. The is very much better than the original. on the back of the paper, but when I

Board discussed the matter at very "I was enchanted about the disreturned to the museum, I noticed great length, greater length than you covery of the papyri, which had been the writings on the back by Joseph might think, and in the end they in the hands of Joseph Smith, but Smith. These writings may not turn

thought that since the museum had the discoveries were not ended there. out to be of very great importance;

papyri of this nature in plenty, why On the morning of handing over the however, any footnote one can get in should they keep these documents papyri, I began looking them up and the restoration of Mormon history is from the Church? down, up and down, and lo! I found valuable.

"When their generous decision was on the back of the paper on which the "The exciting part, which has proved made, it was telephoned to me by the papyri were glued writings and maps beyond doubt that this was the papyri curator, and he wrote to me also. Then and an enumeration of townships and that was in Joseph Smith's hand, was

we had a lull in the situation, because material of the highest value to Morestablished by that document signed

14 Improvement Era by his widow. When I saw that, I Smith received the papyri is very eventually find safe port in the New

had it transcribed and a copy typefascinating, one seemingly filled with York harbor.

written to show to President Tanner. providential direction. Some of the In April 1833 Michael H. Chandler

"Do you know that this discovery details are still clouded, although new paid the customs duties, took possesappeared in the Egyptian press on research each year seems to divulge sion of the 11 mummies, and opened the day following the ceremony? On additional bits of information, but the them. He was disappointed in not

the first page of the most important principle points of the episode are in finding jewels or something of great paper! You would be surprised at the general agreement: Napoleon's 1798monetary value, but he did find sevattention that was given to this dis99 conquest of Egypt turned the eral rolls of papyrus. Providence

covery, and apparently the Egyptians world's attention toward the land of seemingly once more entered the were very pleased about the revealing pharaohs, and Egypt was soon overstory, for while yet in the customof these documents. I consider it a run with both scientific expeditions house, Chandler was informed that

great honor to have been able to and robbers of catacombs and ancient there was no man in the city who make this discovery. Great discoveries burial sites. One of those early adcould translate the scrolls, "but was

are always accidental, and this one venturers interested in Egyptian anreferred, by the same gentleman (a was as accidental as any discovery I tiquities was a Piedmontese named stranger), to Mr. Joseph Smith, Jr.,

have made—and probably more excitAntonio Lebolo, who worked as an who, continued he, possesses some kind

ing than all of them. It was an honor agent for one of the powerful antiquity of power or gifts, by which he had

to have been able to persuade such an barons of the day, Bernardino Drovetpreviously translated similar charaugust body as the Metropolitan ti. While in Egypt during what now acters."

Museum to present it to another body appears to be at least as early as 1817, It was more than two years later, as august as the Mormon Church. I Lebolo obtained a license to enter the on July 3, 1835, that Chandler met

feel flattered to have been able to do catacombs in Thebes, Egypt. He disthe Prophet Joseph. During those

what I did."covered a pit tomb near a place called years Chandler had exhibited for a

The fact that Dr. Atiya made the Gurneh, near Thebes, and found nominal charge the mimimies and

discovery and so energetically attests many mummies therein. He turned even sold seven of them to private

to the manuscript's authenticity as the best of them over to Drovetti but museums.

that which Joseph Smith used in part managed to keep some for himself. He According to James R. Clark, a perin the translation of the Book of later left Egypt en route to France sistent and intelligent student of the

Abraham is of no little importance. via Trieste with some mummies, 11 of history of our Pearl of Great Price,

Dr. Atiya is a worldrecognized which eventually reached America. apparently a Benjamin Bullock of

scholar and researcher of Egyptian While on the island of Trieste he Moirie, New York, a nonmember but and Arabic manuscripts. He was inbecame ill and died. This is believed a relative of Heber C. Kimball, had

strumental in building the University to have been in 1823. It has long been heard of Joseph Smith, and when

of Utah's Middle East Library to what presumed that the mummies Joseph Bullock met Chandler, he offered to has been called "perhaps the finest in Smith eventually received were from take him more than 250 miles by its field in America."(The library, Lebolo's find, and that Lebolo willed wagon to Kirtland, Ohio, to meet the

named for Dr. Atiya, was previously them to Michael H. Chandler, who has Prophet.

regarded as one of the five finest in been presumed to have been Lebolo's (An interesting sidelight is that as the U.S.) He is one of three Distinnephew. But some presentday scholars a result of Bullock's visit to Kirtland,

guished Professors at the university. question Chandler's relationship to he returned to his home greatly imHe is wellregarded for his lectures Lebolo. As early as 1885 N. L. Nelpressed with Joseph Smith. He took

and writings while at the universities son, in an address at Brigham Young with him a copy of the Book of Morof Michigan, Columbia, Princeton, Academy at Provo, said that Chandler mon. After he and his wife read it,

Liverpool, London, Bonn, Zurich, Cairo, received the mummies from an "Engthey moved west to be with the and Alexandria. He is the author of lish Minister Plenipotentiary."Such a Church.)

approximately 20 volumes and about person might have been Henry Salt, When they reached Kirtland, Mr.

50 monograph articles. a famous representative of the crown Chandler asked the Prophet Joseph if

But of lasting importance are his in Egypt, who died in 1827. At he had the power to translate the

writings on the Crusades of the Middle any event. Chandler apparently was scrolls, and Joseph replied that he

Ages and his studies and writings of thought to be in Ireland, and the had. The Prophet records that he gave

his own Orthodox Coptic religion. He mummies were apparently sent to IreChandler an interpretation of some of.

is also the founder of the Institute of land via London. Chandler's friends rethe material on the scrolls.

Coptic Studies in Cairo. In essence, directed the mummies to America, Mr. Chandler was so impressed that

he is a wellrecognized fellow among where Chandler was living in Philahe wrote a certificate testifying of the worldwide community of scholars. delphia. The mummies eventually Joseph Smith's "deciphering the anIt could as well be said of Dr. arrived at the New York City customcient Egyptian hieroglyphic charAtiya's discovery as that which Parley house. acters""to correspond in the most

P. Pratt said of Joseph's reception of Scholars have observed that it seems minute matters"with that which

Egyptian mummies and papyrus in nothing short of miraculous that the Chandler had learned from "the most the first place: "Singular is the provimummies and their important records learned."

dence by which this ancient record fell should have safely navigated through The Prophet records in his Docuinto the hands of the servant of the the rough waters of antiquity barons, mentary History of the Church (Vol.

Lord, Joseph Smith."catacomb plunderers, dishonest and 2, page 236): "Soon after this, some

Indeed, the story of how Joseph rival agents in search of mummies, to of the Saints at Kirtland purchased

January 1968 15 the mummies and papyrus, a descripreads: "This certifies that we have that the mummies and manuscripts

tion of which will appear hereafter, sold to Mr. A. Combs four Egyptian were burned in that fire, even though

and with W. W. Phelps and Oliver Mummies with the records of them. the 1856, 1859, and 1863 catalogues do

Cowdery as scribes, I commenced the This mummies were obtained from the not give any information about the two translation of some of the characters catacoms of Egypt sixty feet below the other mummies or the manuscripts.

or hierglyphics, and much to our joy surface of the Earth, by the antiquariInformation on the two other mumfound that one of the rolls contained tan society of Paris & forwarded to mies and the rest of the papyri manuthe writings of Abraham, another the New York & purchased by the Morscripts used by the Prophet may yet writings of Joseph of Egypt, etc.—mon Prophet Joseph Smith at the come forth in some future day.

more full account of which will apprice of twenty four hundred dollars The collection recently found by pear in its place, as I proceed to in the year eighteen hundred thirty Dr. Atiya first came to the attention

examine or unfold them."five they were highly prized by Mr. of the New York Metropolitan MuConcerning the four mummies, the Smith on account of the importance seum of Art in 1918. Apparently Mr.

Prophet generally admitted that he which attached to the record which A. Coombs had not disposed of all

did not know who the mummies were, were accidentaly found enclosed in his purchases made from Emma Smith although some secondary sources later the breast of one of the Mummies. Bidamon, because in 1918 a Mrs. Alice

reported that the Prophet identiFrom translations by Mr. Smith of C. Heusser of Brooklyn, New York,

fied them as a pharaoh, a queen, a the Records, these Mummies were took the recently discovered papyri princess, and a slave. The rolls of found to be the family of Pharo King and document signed by Emma Smith

papyrus are known to have been with of Egypt, they were kept exclusively by to the Metropolitan Museum for one of the female mummies. ConcernMr. Smith until his death & since by evaluation. Mrs. Heusser was a

ing the rolls, it has been surmised the Mother of Mr. Smith notwithdaughter of the housekeeper of Mr.

that apparently they were original standing we have had repeated offers A. Coombs. But the museum did not

records or copies of original records to purchase which have invariably buy the collection of papyri until made by Abraham and his grandson been refused until her death which Edward Heusser, husband of Alice,

Joseph, and written upon by succeedoccurred on the fourteenth day of finally sold them to the museum in ing record keepers and pharaohs over May last."Signed: "L. C. Bidamon, 1947. The papyri have been in the

several thousand years'duration. Emma Bidamon, Joseph Smith [her museum's files since that time.

The result is wellknown to Latterson]. Nauvoo, Hancock Co. Ill, May Thus, the stage was set for the reday Saints. The Prophet interpreted 26."markable discovery of Dr. Atiya.

some of the writings on the scrolls, The next account of the mummies These pieces of papyrus, only part of and this interpretation and facsimiles appears in the 1859 "St. Louis Muthe ones Joseph Smith had in his

1, 2, and 3 make up our present Book seum Catalogue"and then in the 1863 possession, are now back in the hands of Abraham. Some presentday schol- "Chicago Museum Catalogue,"page of the Church. They are a remarkars think that part of the papyri that 42, in which are described two mumably powerful and tangible testimony

Joseph had in his possession conmies that were "kept by the Prophet's to the truthfulness of the Prophet's tained an actual primer in the Egypmother until his death, when the heirs clear and simply told story that he had tian alphabet and grammar previously sold them, and were shortly after in his hands some original papyri prepared by its ancient authors for purchased for the Museum."documents, some of which he used in

the benefit of future translators. It is A great fire destroyed much of Chiproducing the Book of Abraham in the

also known that the Prophet promcago in 1871, and it had been presumed Pearl of Great Price. O

ised "further extracts from the Book of Abraham"than those writings that The official presentation ceremon/es in New York in which President Tanner accepted we already have, but martyrdom cut papyri from Dr. Thomas P. F. Moving.

short his publication of new materials.

(John Taylor, Times and Seasons,

Feb. 1843.)

At any rate, after the martyrdom of the Prophet, the mummies and manuscripts were turned over to

Joseph's mother, Lucy Mack Smith.

At her death in May 1855, the mummies and manuscripts were kept by

Emma Smith Bidamon, with whom Lucy Mack Smith lived the two years previous to her death. Emma Smith

Bidamon was the Prophet's widow and had since married L. C. Bidamon.

Shortly after one year of holding the mummies and manuscripts, Emma sold them to a Mr. A. Coombs.

It was this letter of sales to Mr. A.

Coombs, signed by Emma Smith Bidamon and dated May 26, 1856, in addition to the 11 pieces of papyri, that was found by Dr. Atiya. The letter

16 Improvement Era Stimulating reading for the New Year!

A MORE EXCELLENT WAY $2.95 THE PRIMARY CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL TWO BOOKS BY ALVIN R. DYER

by Neal Maxwell $1.50

outstanding that withAn deals book the of Share the heart experisome warming

I? qualitiespersonal to essential $5.95 leadership AM of of patients the ences this WHO the staff and

in the Christ of Church Latterday of Jesus institution. unique faith, to A testimony to ceaseless Man's search for the answersSaints. of The importance acquiring these service. courage, devoted and Worthwhile life his question and I?"is an- "Who Am isqualities in of evidenced the needs the all for reading ages. in this challenging swered and important for local everimprovingChurch leadership.

inspirational work, reading. valuable to guide selfimprovement.A

IT'S SMART TO BE A LATTERDAY SAINT THE MAKING OF A PROPHET $2.95

by LaRue C. Longden $2.50 by Dr. Lindsay R. Curtis THIS AGE OF CONFUSION $3.50

religion strength of revealed The becomes is forHere, a people, timely young early years of the and The Prophet Smith Joseph in this of discussion apparent need man's lifereadable a explanation in of obediare related of why a thrilling fascinating and book to. for eternal truths he can cling to the offersence gospel will that happiness really enjoy. people and Richly young

peace of mind. Uplifting reading. illustrated by the Utah artist Paul Farber.

DESERET BOOK COMPANY

44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 or 777 South Main Street, Orange, California 92668

Please send me items circled;

3 4 5 6 12 Oit COMPANY Book $ 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE Lake, MALL Totalfrom CostSalt AND AT COTTONWOOD or 5% sales taxThisformustCaliforniaincluderesidents3V2% salesorderingtax forfromresidentsOrange.of Utah ordering

CITY SALT LAKE BLVD., 2472 WASHINGTON OGDEN Paid by check money order Q Or, please charge my established account

777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA Name Address.

City.State...Zip.

JAN ERA 68

January 1968 17 in an area of no less interest to Latterday Saints—

that of the religious practices and beliefs of the

Egyptians.

Recent challenges that question the authenticity standard in statements one works of of the many of

Price, have reopened the Great The Author the Pearl Church, of an old discussion at a time when fresh discoveries interpretations are face putting an entirely new and and the Nibley, for Brother whole problem. who on the Hugh

many years has been gathering data relevant to the

Articles study of the Facsimiles in the Book of Abraham, presents in this fascinating series some of the materials that must be considered in the reappraisal of certain Egyptological aspects of the Pearl of Great

The flood of newly discovered Jewish and ChrisPrice for which the time is now ripe.

tian documents that are changing the complexion of The reader is warned to be prepared for surprises.

religious studies in our time has been matched by Although Dr. Nibley pulls no punches, he is still

equally significant, if less spectacular, developments animated by a healthy respect for all qualified

at the A NewLook Pearl of Great Price

By Dr. Hugh Nibley

Part I. Challenge and Response

Unsettled Business—The recent reissuing of Bishop result of putting those scriptures in a much stronger posiFranklin S. Spalding's little book, Joseph Smith, Jr., as a tion than they were before. We have all neglected the

Translator, though not meant to revive an old discussion but Pearl of Great Price for too long, and should be grateful rather to extinguish any lingering sparks of it, is nonetheless to those who would now call us to account.

a welcome invitation, or rather challenge, to those who take In this introductory study we make no excuse for poking the Pearl of Great Price seriously, for long experience has around among old bones, since others have dug them up shown that the Latterday Saints only become aware of to daunt us; but we should warn them that if they insist

the nature and genius of their modern scriptures when on bringing up the ghosts of the dead, they may soon find relentless and obstreperous criticism from the outside forces themselves with more on their hands than they had barthem to take a closer look at what they have, with the usual gained for. A lot of water has gone under the bridge since

18 Improvement Era Egyptologists, including his own revered instructors, of scholarly journals, including the Classic Journal, in the rudiments of the mysteries of hieroglyphics, Western Political Quarterly, the Jewish Quarterly and promises to proceed with such caution and disReview, and the Jewish Encyclopedia.

cretion that even they will approve of his methods, Dr. Nibley received his B.A. in history and the

however much they may disagree with his classics in 1934 from the University of California at conclusions. Los Angeles, where he was graduated with high

Dr. Nihley, who is professor of history and relihonors. In 1938 he received his Ph.D. degree from

gion at Brigham Young University and who has the University of California at Berkeley, where he been a contributing editor of The Improvement Era also has done postdoctoral work. He has been a

for 22 years, is eminently qualified for the project he university fellow in historical research at the Univerhas undertaken. In addition to his familiarity with sity of California at Berkeley, lecturer in history and

things Egyptian, he actively uses the Latin, Greek, social philosophy at Claremont College, and visiting

Hebrew, Syriac, Babylonian, Russian, French, Gerprofessor in classical rhetoric at the University of man, Arabic, and Coptic languages. He is at home California.

with primary documents and original sources. "A New Look at the Pearl of Great Price"promDr. Nibleys writings include nine extended series ises to be one of the most significant series of articles

of articles in The Improvement Era. His ability has to appear in the pages of The Improvement Era

also received continued recognition in a wide variety in recent years. D.L.G.

One of 11 fragments of papyrus presented to the Church by New

York's Metropolitan Museum of Art. The papyri, once in Joseph

Smith's possession, are being studied.

1912, and of course many things that were said and written then with great confidence and finality would have to be revised today.

IhiU'hhim,.c ww On the other hand, a careful survey of the journals will,

we believe, show that the year 1912 saw more significant studies published in the field than any other year before or since; Egyptology reached a peak in 1912—it was the age

of the giants. So if it should now turn out that the giants

were anything but infallible, that should teach us to be wary of the scholarly dogmatism of our own day.

Nothing could be more retrograde to our desire than to call up the bearded and frockcoated savants of 1912 to go through their pompous paces all over again. But it is

others who have conjured up the ghostly jury to testify against the Prophet; and unless they are given satisfaction,

their sponsors can spread abroad, as they did in Bishop

Spalding's day, the false report that the Scholars have spoken the final word and "completely demolished"(that was their expression) for all time the Pearl of Great Price and its author's claim to revelation.

... was the one that should have sue"Of all the attacks on Mormonism, the great campaign of 1912

The silence of the Latterday Saints in a matter that bishop failed to include in his tremendous barrage a single

Concerns them so vitally can only be interpreted as an shell containing an item of solid and relevant evidence. If

abashed silence, leading many of the world and of the he has any other ammunition than names and credentials,

Saints to conclude that there is nothing to be said in he never uses it—he hurls at the Mormons a cannonade of

Joseph Smith's behalf, than which nothing could be further titles and opinions, and nothing more. "The authority

from the truth. And so the sorry little saga of 1912 must of experts in any line of research is always to be accepted

needs be retold if only to forestall indefinite repetitions of without question, unless there is grave reason to doubt their what happened then as well as in 1845, 1865, and 1903. conclusion. There is no such reason here."- And who is

The situation today is essentially the same as it was on talking? Spalding's No. 1 expert, a young man who had

all those occasions, with the Mormons, untrained in just got his degree (not in Egyptology) he tells us that we

Egyptology, helpless to question on technical grounds the must accept his verdict "without question"because he is an assertions of such experts as Deveria and E. A. W. Budge, expert and sees no reason to doubt his conclusions. This is

who grandly waved their credentials for all to see, imwhat we mean by authoritarianism.

patiently stated their opinions, and then gingerly decamped, refusing to be led into any discussion with the ignorant But then, who would ever have thought in 1912 that any opposition. other kind of ammunition would be necessary? What was

And so the debate has never really come to the floor, the there to say after the official voice of Scholarship had challengers being ever satisfied that the mere sight of their spoken? The Mormons did what they could. They pointed

muscles should be sufficient to settle the issue without a out that equally great authorities had been proven wrong contest. "These 'experts'have given us a lot of opinions,"about the Bible time and again. They called attention

wrote the outsider, R. C. Webb, of the 1912 affair, "which to the brevity and superficiality of the experts'comments:

they have not attempted to prove by authoritative demon- "This 'inquiry,'"wrote Webb, "has been no inquiry at all... [It] presents merely a medley ofstration.... Wc are concerned wholly with opinion, pure in any real sense.

and simple, and not with anything that may be proved opinions.... It furnishes absolutely no assistance to

conclusively."- [the] reader...."- They noted that the judges approached

For the benefit of those readers who may have forgotten their task in a thoroughly hostile state of mind. When

some of the details of 1912, it may be recalled that Bishop an editorial in the Church newspaper pointed out in the

Spalding asked eight Egyptologists what they thought of most reserved and respectful language that there were indeed

Joseph Smith's interpretation of the Facsimiles in the Pearl some rather obvious contradictions and discrepancies in the of Great Price. You can imagine what their answers were. views of the experts, and that the Mormons might at least

Now let us take it up from there. be permitted to ask for "a stay of final judgment,"since (as

B. H. Roberts expressed it) "these questions that depend on

The Appeal to Authority—Of all attacks on Mormonspecial scholarship are questions that require time and reism undertaken beneath the banners of science and search... and the conclusions of the learned in such

scholarship, the great campaign of 1912 conducted by the matters are not as unchangeable as they seem,""the New

Right Reverend F. S. Spaulding, Episcopal bishop of Utah, York Times exploded with indignation: "... the Deseret

was the one that should have succeeded most brilEvening News spent its entire editorial page reviling scholars liantly. Carefully planned and shrewdly executed, it enand scholarship.""One did not talk back to recognized

listed the services of the most formidable roster of scholars scholars—it just wasn't done.

that have ever declared against Joseph Smith as a prophet, The Deseret News editorial in question pointed out that while at the same time loudly professing feelings of nothing the Mormons had some years before already anticipated but affection and esteem for the Saints and a real desire Bishop Spalding's investigations by making inquiries on their to help them find the light in a spirit of highminded own among leading British Egyptologists, which "at least dedication to truth at all costs. serves to show that we have not been lax, nor afraid to learn

Bishop Spalding's grand design had all the ingredients of from whatever light the wisdom of the world might throw quick and sure success but one, and if in spite of it the upon the illustrations of the Book of Abraham and their

Pearl of Great Price is still being read, it is because the translation by the Prophet Joseph.""

20 Improvement Era ceeded most brilliantly."

Two days earlier an editorial in the Deseret News made when B. H.- Roberts was pressing Dr. Mercer pretty hard,

a clear statement of policy: "The Latterday Saints court the latter overruled him too, with the observation that

inquiry, such as this. They want to know the truth, and the source of the difficulties in the case of Mr. Roberts,

only the truth. There is no important issue that they are "is to be found in the fact that the writer is a layman in

not glad to face, whether presented by friend or foe.""things Egyptian."-'What Mercer's explanation amounts

And in the discussion that followed, the Mormons proved to, as R. C. Webb observes, is the argument "in effect,

their good faith and sincerity by printing in the pages of that scholars in his department can make no mistakes, "'

The Improvement Era the letters of Bishop Spalding and or, in Mercer's own words, that their opinions are "unhis supporters, without deletion and without comment, assailable."How can one discuss an "unassailable"

along with those of the Latterday Saints defending Joseph opinion? One can't—that is just the point; the issue is

Smith. closed; no debate is intended or possible.

There was no such dialogue in the nonMormon periodIn his final letter. Dr. Mercer divides the opposition into

icals in which Dr. Spalding published, including his own three classes: "First, intelligent and fairminded Mormons,"

Utah newspaper, The Utah Survey; in spite of his connamely, those who do not challenge the scholars in any

stant protests of impartiality and intellectual integrity, only way; "secondly biased Mormons (perhaps unconsciously),"

his own and like opinions ever appeared there. 'that is. Mormons guilty of proMormon leanings, including

The Mormon writers, moreover, never claimed any such B. H. Roberts, John A. Widtsoe, John Henry Evans, and

religious immunity as might have been conceded to Joseph J. M. Sjodahl—in fact, all who have presumed to question

Smith as a spiritual leader, but always insisted on arguing the verdict of the experts. Fortunately for Mercer, all their

the case on its merits: "I allow the bishop all his claims to remarks can be summarily stricken from the record, since

the dire results to 'Mormonism'"wrote B. H. Roberts, "if they are "very ignorant in respect to the subject they prehe can, to the point of demonstration, make his case good tend to criticise"—it is not for them under any circumstances

against Joseph Smith as a translator."- Bishop Spalding's to talk back; they are all out of order. Dr. Mercer's third

scholarly band, on the other hand, most emphatically did class is "biased and ignorant gentiles,"being any such as claim immunity—to question them was to "revile"that may be inclined to give ear to the Mormon replies."

noble thing called Scholarship, and that was the secret of And so the doctors must be allowed to sit in judgment their strength. on their own case because no one else is qualified; and if

When Dr. S. A. B. Mercer, a hustling young clergyman they should happen to decide in favor of themselves, why,

who ran interference for the bishop throughout the game, there is just nothing we can do about it, since their expersummed up the case for the prosecution, his argument made tise is far beyond the reach of the layman, placing them in a perfect circle: "The failure of the Mormon replies,"he fact "at the intellectual summit of the universe"by the

wrote, "is explained by the fact that the unanimous opinion ancient professional mystery of "autodeification in the order of the scholars is unassailable. In the judgment of the of knowing."

scholarly world, therefore, Joseph Smith stands condemned This arrangement is basic to the prosperity of most of of selfdeception or imposition."the learned professions. Long ago the Jesuits devised a speWho said that the Mormon reply had "failed"? Mercer cial vocabulary and a special discipline of theology which,

did, to be sure. Here we see the great convenience of perthey announced, only one of their faith could really undermitting the attorney for the prosecution to act as judge. stand; for any outsider to risk criticism of anything they

Dr. Mercer announces that the Mormon replies to him and chose to propound in that recondite jargon could only be

his colleagues have failed—because he says so. And what the sheerest folly, as Arnold Lunn reminded the great scienhe says must be so because his colleagues agree wath him. tist J. B. S. Haldane when the latter ventured to point out

When the Mormons pointed out that there was anything certain weaknesses in his theology."But then the scienbut unanimous agreement among the colleagues, Mercer tists have played the same game for all it is worth. Thus,

sternly overruled them, explaining that where any ordinary when "the main objections [to the evolutionary hypothesis] person might find the disagreements rather obvious, "to were clearly stated in its very early days,"they were quickly the expert there is here no discrepancy."Only one overruled because "most of them came from people who

had to be an Egyptologist to see it that way. That is why were not trained biologists.... Their objections could be

January 1968 21 "To this day no one has come to grips with the Pearl of Great Price"

countered summarily on the grounds of ignorance, despite In this case the answer is—everything. Dr. Mercer

the fact that Darwin's hypothesis appealed so largely to the frankly admits that he and the other scholars "did not seem evidence of common observation and experience. "- Comto take the matter very seriously,"and devoted very little

men observation and experience, no matter how clear and time to it indeed: "... the haste was justified in the minds

convincing, were no match for official credentials. of the scholars by the simplicity of the task. Even less time

Even while Sir Gavin de Beer boasts that "the foundacould be expected."-"

tion principle of science is that it concerns itself exclusively Elsewhere he explains the perfunctory treatment of the with what can be demonstrated, and does not allow itself whole thing: "They probably felt as I did, that their time

to be influenced by personal opinions or sayings of anywas too valuable to spend on such scientific work as that body.... The motto of the Royal Society of London is of Joseph Smith's guesses."-"Whatever the reason, they

Nullus in verba: we take no man's word for anything,"- never intended to do any real work, but depended entirely

he is guilty of seeking to overawe or at least impress us on their credentials to see the thing through, with the authority of men of "science"in general and of word from such great men should be enough to settle the Royal Society of London (all stand, please) in paranything, but still we insist on appealing to the slogan of ticular. the Royal Society. Many eminent scientists, in fact, are

Just so, in the Spalding discussion "the prosecution rests today calling attention to the crippling effect of appeal to its case on the reputations and standing of its witauthority and position in science, a professional complanesses...."-- "In compiling the pamphlet,"wrote the cency that "may in fact be the closing of our eyes to as yet

bishop in his summingup, "I made no claim to a knowledge undiscovered factors which may remain undiscovered for of Egyptology. I merely wrote an introduction to the many years if we believe that the answer has been already

opinions of scholars. In a matter of this kind most of us found."-''Thus a great biologist reminds us that "it is

must form our judgment from the opinion of competent important to combat the assumption"that we know what experts."- Thus he echoes the opinion of his No. 1 expert, primitive conditions of life were like (every scientist knew

cited above, who gracefully returns the compliment, noting that in 1912), since "as long as this is assumed, insufficient that after all, it was the good bishop's opinion that in the effort will be put into the attempt to find ways to obtain end would settle all disputes: "The advisers of the Bishop genuine evidence."-''

proved to his satisfaction"that glaring contradictions of the Now, part of the secret of the unusual productivity of the judges did not really exist, "that there were no such differEgyptologists of 1912 was a buoyant adolescent confidence ences. The apparent discrepancies were proved not to be jn their own newly found powers, which presentday

real."Thus Spalding's chief adviser declares that his scholars may envy, but which they can well do without

advisers, by satisfying the bishop that all was well, had there is something decidedly sophomoronic in their lofty brought the issue to its final and satisfactory conclusion, pretensions to have plumbed the depths of the human past binding all thinking men to accept and share his opinion.- after having taken a few courses, read a few texts (bristling

Thus reassured. Bishop Spalding proceeded to demolish vith question marks), and broken bread with the learned

R. C. Webb: "We feel that we should be in a better position at a dig or two. Their inexpressible contempt for Joseph

to judge the value of the opinions of Robert C. Webb, PhD Smith as an ignorant interloper is a measure of their pride

... if we were told definitely who he is.... If in their own achievement.

Dr. Talmage... would inform us what the author's real in 1912 the Egyptologist T. E. Peet took to task all layname is, where he received his degree, and what academic men who "mistrust a process in which they see a critic

position he holds, we should be better able to estimate assign half a verse to Source E and the other half to Source the value of his opinions."== Here it is again: The bishop j."Time has more than vindicated the skeptical laymen,

is not interested in Webb's arguments and evidence, but in but in those days Dr. Peet laid it on the line: "Have these

his status and rank—considerations that are supposed to people followed the developments of modern philology and

bear no weight whatever with honest searchers after truth do they realize that the critics... are men whose whole

Nullus in verba! What on earth have a man's name, degree, lives are devoted to the study of such problems, and whose

academic position, and, of all things, opinions, to do with knowledge of Hebrew and of the Semitic languages in genwhether a thing is true or not? eral is so great that the differences of style... are as patent

22 Improvement Era Coffins similar to these may have housed mummies bought by Joseph Smith.

to them as they would he in English to a layman?"-"'

Professor Peet would have done well to harken to what

Bishop Spalding's own star witness, Professor A. H. Sayce,

had written some years hefore:

"How then is it possible for the European scholars of today to analyse an old Hebrew book into its component parts...? Hebrew is a language that is very imperfectly

known; it has long ceased to be spoken; only a fragment

of its literature has come down to us, and that often in a corrupt state; and the meaning of many of the words which

have survived, and even of the grammatical forms, is uncertain and disputed. In fact, it is just this fragmentary and

imperfect knowledge of the language which has made the work and results of the higher critics possible. The 'critical'

analysis of the Pentateuch is but a measure of our ignorance and demolishing their claims with the same devastating and the limitations of our knowledge.... With a fuller finality as was to delight the intellectuals again in 1865,

knowledge we would come to a recognition of the futility 1912, and today.

of the task."'The figures in the Facsimiles, it was announced in 1845,

Subsequent discoveries have proven him quite right, but were "familiar and now understood,"and it served Joseph

Sayce 's early protest was a voice in the wilderness. Soon Smith right for "confidently defying inevitable exposure,"

the higher critics were having it all their own way, and now that "the Champollions of the Bibliotheque de Rei none ran more eagerly with them than Sayce himself. [sic] and the British Museum"had the subject well in

B. H. Roberts, a personal friend of Spalding's, admitted hand. It was already apparent to the learned that "the

that the bishop held the whip handle: "I think the bishop whole thing is too gross to bear patiently, too painful to

is entitled to have it known by those reading these 'remarks'laugh at...."''That should have settled the matter, but

how eminent is the jury pronouncing in the case against the Mormons were not convinced and \\ould have done well the 'Mormon'Prophet.... One who can lay no claim to in undertaking some study of Egyptian on their own.

the learning of Egypt at first hand,... may well pause Again and again Joseph Smith and Brigham Young had

before such an array of Egyptologists.... In their presence pointed the way for the Latterday Saints to prepare themit is becoming in me, and all others unschooled in ancient selves for just such eventualities, pleading with them to

Egyptian lore, to speak with modesty and behave with take heed to themselves and use their brains. Even during

becoming deference."''- the grim days of December 1844, the leaders of the Church

One may wonder how an admittedly unqualified party "advise [d] the Elders to get up schools, that all... might

could pass on such recondite qualifications in others, but be taught in the branches of education, and prepare themit is the credentials of the specialists that impress Brother selves, that the least might be fully competent, to correspond

Roberts, not their knowledge, which he is in no position to with the wise men of the world. "''They were to meet the

judge. Faced by a solid phalanx of PhD's, the Mormons scholars of the world on their own grounds; but instead of

were properly overawed; they had no David to go against that, human nature saw fit to expend its energies elsethese Goliaths, and for that they had only themselves to where: "There are hundreds in this community,"said

blame. Brigham Young in 1860, "who are more eager to become

The Mormons Default—From the first the Latterday rich in the perishable things of this world than to adorn

Saints had good reason to expect the Pearl of Great Price their minds with the power of selfgovernment, and with a to come in for some rough treatment. "Here, then,"wrote knowledge of things as they were, as they are, and as they

Parley P. Pratt in 1842, "is another subject for the Gentile are to come,"'"'and he rebukes the Saints for being satisfied

world to stumble at, and for which to persecute the "to remain fixed with a very limited amount of knowledge,

Saints...."Within three years of that remark the world and, like a door upon its hinges, move to and fro from one

was firing the same scholarly blasts against the Facsimiles year to another without anv visible advancement or imJanuary 1968 23 provement, lusting after the grovelling things of this life familiar grounds as putting "Book of Abraham investigawhich perish with the handling."tion on a more sound and scholarly basis. "'* But no

Those Latterday Saints who have gone on to higher studies were forthcoming on the new foundation save a few studies have either pursued the physical and biological "primarily for the laymen... making no claim of being

sciences or coveted breadand-butter certificates that have... learned or scientific."How, the ingenuous student

rendered them all the more subservient to mere office and may ask, can any study hope to be "sound and scholarly"authority. To this day no one has engaged in the type of without being at least a little learned and scientific? One

study necessary to come to grips with the Pearl of Great should not enter the arena unless one is willing to meet

Price, though that great book openly invites such study: more formidable opposition than the gullible student and

"If the world can find out these numbers, so let it be. tractable layman.

Amen."(To be continued)

Up to the present, all studies of the Pearl of Great Price FOOTNOTES without exception have been in the nature of auxiliary ArrowFranklinPress,S. Spalding,1912); reprintedJoseph Smith,by theJr., NationalAs a TranslatorCouncil(Saltof Lakethe City:ProtestantThe

Episcopal Church (New Missions York: Church House, 1915); photomechanical

reprint, Salt Lake 1965. Microfilm City: Modernstudies—compendiums, historical background, etc.—or preCompany,

liminary surveys.''In 1879 George Reynolds noted that p. "Robert1077. C. Webb (J. C. Homans), in The Improvement Era, Vol. 16 (1913),

in spite of all provocation, "very little has ever been said CommissionS. A. B. Mercer,of the EpiscopalThe UtahChurchSurveyin (publishedUtah), Vol.monthly1 (Septemberby the Social1913), ServiceNo. 1,

by the Elders of the Church in advocacy of its claims as p. e.g.,30. an editorial in the Deseret Evening News, Dec. 17, 1912, p. 4, and

an inspired record,"and that while "outsiders have vigo- J.(1913),M. Sjodahl,p. 326. inTheThe highImprovementcritics erredEra egregiously(hereafter designatedespecially whereas Era),EgyptVol. was16

rously attacked it... styled its language 'gibberish,'and concerned:Wette, gave"Dr.longVonchaptersBohlen,to thethe honoredeasy taskcolaborerof provingwith fromGeseniusoverwhelmingand De

classed it among the 'pious frauds'... the people of God classicalEgyptian testimonycustom. thatAccordingthe Bibleto thisblunderedgreat almostscholar,everythe timestatementit mentionsthat thean

Egyptians built brick in with ancient asses, times, cultivated the used vine, and.".. little said or writtenhave in its defense. His used costly materials own in such constructions as the ark tabernacle, the and proved

"that of the author the Pentateuch 'an absolute was stranger S. to Egypt.'C. H.

a clearbook furnishes Saints of just demonstration the Davis, Ancient in Egypt why the Light Discoveries of Modern (Meriden, Conn.,

311. p. 1892),

had never "Robert Vol. in Era, C. Webb, article 17 (1914), commenting an on been able to get off the ground—they just didn't in the Survey magazine notes, in the Era, of November 16, Vol.have the knowledge. that after p. 435, the great its promises publication, Spalding's 1913.made Webbp.before313,

The authors of a long procession of articles in the Era book"N. hasL. Nelson,turned outin thedisappointinglyEra, Vol. 16,thinpp.and606f,skimpy.was more outspoken than the

in 1912, 1913, 1914, and 1917 frankly admitted their ignoothers:pride of"...humana learning."jury of Gentiles, prefudiced, illtempered and mad with the

rance, and pleaded that they had been caught by surprise. ibid.,''B. p.H. 4.Roberts,The editorialin Deseretto whichNews,theDec.Times19, referred1912, p.was11;of cf.Dec.Junius17, 1912,F. Wells.p. 4.

Their studies are nonetheless by far the best to appear to >The"J. F. NewWells,Yorkin DeseretTimes Magazine,News, Dec.Part19, 5,1912,Sunday,p. 4. Dec. 29, 1912.

date; the books, articles, and master's theses turned out since "DeseretJBishop News,Spalding'sDec. attacks17, 1912,in p. The4. Spirit of the Mission, October 1912,

then have largely repeated what they had to say, with perareattackcitedin bySpalding'sR. C. Webbown paper,in theTheEra,UtahVol. Survey,17, pp. Vol.565ff;1 S.(Sept.A. B.1913),Mercer'spp. 3-36,long

haps an item or two added to the bibliographies where it hasCity: beenModernreprintedMicrofilmphotomechanicallyCo., 1965. along with the Spalding book. Salt Lake

was felt necessary to justify a degree in the seven arts. Even B."SamuelH. Roberts,A. B. Mercer,Era, Vol.Utah16,Survey,p. 310.Vol. 1, p. 36.

the extensive labors of James R. Clark, valuable as they are, "7iid.,Ibid., pp.p. 25.1718.

C. "Robert Era, Vol. 17, p. Webb, 316: the literature Spalding "In the public are all of an introductory nature, clearing the decks as it has been thoroughly indoctrinated sufficiency on the of scholarly opinions,

as which, we 'always accepted is question without unless there grave for realwere the action to come. to reason doubt.'read,"Italicsare added.

I'Mercer, Survey, 1213. Vol. The Utah 1 (1913), pp. Fullscale college courses, and extension graduate semiiC. Dechert, in R. International Philosophical Quarterly, Vol. 5 (1965),

32f. pp.nars, lecture series, stately Churchwide public symposiums, "Arnold Science Lunn, and the Supernatural; Correspondence A Between ArLunn B. S. and Haldane York, (New 1935), and The Flight from Reasonbooks, pamphlets, articles, newsletters, monographs, and York: Dial J. Press, all nold(New xi. Ch.

-OR. Listener, Good, The 7, 797. 1959, p. 1931),Maydone up in fancy bindings usually adorned reproducwith -Sir Beer, de Gavin Listener, 1958. The 3, July

tions of the Facsimiles from the Pearl of Great Price or 2'Robert-'F. S. Spaulding,C. Webb, UtahEra, Survey,Vol. 16,Vol.p. 435.1, p. 3.

with faked Egyptian symbols to intrigue and beguile the =Mercer,Spalding,op.loc.cit..cit.Vol. 1, p. 30.

public, have all failed to get beyond the starting point of JJ'Samuel"Mercer, A.op. B.cit.,Mercer,pp. 7, Era,30. Vol. 16, p. 613.

the race, which after all must be run on the long hard Press),"*G. A.p. 195.Kerkut, Implications of Evolution (Oxford, New York: Pergamon

Pirie, in Annalsobstacle course of Egyptian grammar and epigraphy and not 2N.

E. Peet, T. Egypt ofandthetheNewOldYorkTestamentAcademy (Liverpoolof Sciences, University1959, p. 373.Press,

the lectureon platform. it 1922), seems, The Mormons, have gone

A. Sayce, H.p. 30. Facts Monuments, Higher and Critical Fancies (4th ed., Lonall out for the first p. 19. 1910), gimmicks edition 1894. of and The was mechanics education, but don,

3=B. Roberts, Era, H. 31011. Vol. 16, pp.

have never evinced any real inclination to tackle the tough, saparley P. Pratt, The Millennial Star, Vol. 3 (1842), p. 47.

basic questions of evidence raised by the Pearl of Great iRditorial'Brigham Youngin WarsawHistory,Signal,Dec. Sept.15, 184419, 1845,(ms. inp. the2. Church Historian's Office,

Price. SaltBrighamLake City).Young, Journal of Discourses, Vol. 8 (1860), p. 9.

A new school of interpretation some years ago attempted '''This'''Ibid., willVol. become10 (1863),immediatelyp. 266. clear to one inspecting James R. Clark's

Great Price of Bibliography (Provo: Extension Publications, BYU 1965), theto meet challenge to of the Pearl and Price single of Great item deals by Pearlevery of which incidentally only peripherally and with the

issues basic of authenticity raised the Facsimiles. bythe facesaving thesis that the of ''George Book Reynolds, not was Abraham The Book (Salt of City: Abraham Lake Deseret News

Publishing Co., 1879),written in all, Egyptian after in but oCharles lanSemitic "some E. Haggerty, Study the of Book p. A 1. Thesis, of Abraham 1946), (BYU

8384. pp.guage,"this hailed and shifting of the discussion 82. p. *mid., to more

24 Improvement Era 'r.'1'*'

/S'/ i"/.-''imu>'$1- '/ / J /-t'i /y.34r'ise,fjfkmeis iustiim'i'Jejjpu XhnmzA ASoutf

Vrft'i- C(*?i6CT<'Jfiey f%mpsf,JZi.fJ(ii//pil,,'rQ>. M.U iff S.n./t.t>yi

dd'?-iiri Ji/Jt/mCijiude-,, jiie nlfif/iiv/flt. Mi'we /jef>h/i,-H M,.taoj

Ck<H'(Mlt($j{ic('<-C/''fj/ield iuivntei lun.-.'Ji Ckliyelon iitaftmii0,]no SiirVaynn ''iMam

4e>j'iA/i4ki 'Bun/j.:Q<>tiidsu,tix,%kLd-U>d'IktAf}idn:f'cr'unBS 'PJecc3. Johnttfu I.

Photograph above shows an apparent map that was drawn on recently rediscovered in the Metropolitan Museum of Art and prebacking paper to which was attached one of pieces of papyrus sented to the Church.

Eternal Gifts If I were a musician

And I could compose.

By Susan Broschinsky The music I would bring

Age 19 Is the joy from the birds and the babbling 1] I were an inventor brook and the chapel bells tvhen they ring.

And I could invent, The thing I'd invent loould be If I were a speaker

And I could speak, Something as deep and as strong and as The words that I woidd say pure as the tide coming in from the sea.

Would come from the soft whispering breezes

If I were a painter at the tender ivaking of day.

And I could paint.

The painting that I would do And all of these things that I would have, even though they be so few, Is to blend all the beauty of God's lovely Vd carefully wrap in eternal truth, and

Earth with the radiant freshness of dew. then I would give them to you.

January 1968 25 By 1985 Church

whole Church curricula were viewed from the vantage point of what we might term the total purpose of each and all of these organizations, it wouldMeeting the Needs bring about such a collation and limitation of subjects and subject matters elaborated in the various Auxiliary courses as would tend to the building of a of efficiency in the Auxiliaries themselves in the matter of carrying out the purposes lying behind their creation and function. Growing Church "We would therefore commend to

you Brethren of the General Priesthood

Elder Harold B. Lee Committee the beginning of an exOf the Council of the Twelve haustive, prayerful study and consideration of this entire subject, with the

I suppose that I would speak the God grant that I will not fail my cooperative assistance of the Auxiliaries mind of all of us when we would say Heavenly Father nor you, my beloved themselves so that the Church might to President McKay that the greeting brethren of the priesthood of God. reap the maximum harvest from the

that he gave us at the commencement President McKay has asked me to devotion of the faith, intelligence, of the conference yesterday was probtalk to the priesthood of the Church skill, and knowledge of our various ably one of the most uplifting things tonight on correlation. My prayer is, Auxiliary Organizations and Priesthood

that will be said during the entire conPresident McKay, that I may discharge Committees.

ference. Where the President is, there this assignment as you would have "This is your authority to employ

is strength, and to know that he is with desired me to do; and so with that such necessary technical help as you

us and is presiding is a strength to the assignment, and if I might have inmight need to bring this about. We

entire Church. terest in your faith and prayers tonight, shall await your report.

I wonder if I might be pardoned for I will attempt to say what I should say "Faithfully your brethren, a little personal reference tonight. I am of the great movement known as the David O. McKay

mindful of the fact that it has been a Correlation Program, which was J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

whole year since I stood before a genlaunched by the First Presidency in a Henry D. Moyle

eral conference in this pulpit. During letter seven years ago to the general The First Presidency"

the last sixmonth period I have gone priesthood committee. I shall read

through some painful experiences that from that letter: In that same letter they called attenkept me from being in the conference, "We of the First Presidency have tion to the fact that the membership of

and I was aware that my life could over the years felt the need of a corthe Church might be divided into three have been terminated at that time. I relation between and among the groups: the children's group, under 12

became conscious then, through the courses of study put out by the General years of age; the youth group, from 12

ministrations of wonderful doctors, Priesthood Committee and by the reto the 20's; and the adults, from the

skilled nurses, and most of all the love sponsible heads of other Committees of youth group on through life.

and prayers and faith of my family the General Authorities for the instrucThat is what set us to a study of and the members of the Church, that tion of the Priesthood of the Church. this whole plan that we now speak of

my ministry had been continued for a "We have also felt the very urgent as correlation. In our study we came

longer period here. And so with joy need of a correlation of studies among across another prophetic statement

and thanksgiving in my heart tonight, the Auxiliaries of the Church. We have that has been read before, but I read

I return to my ministry with a pledge noted what seemed to be a tendency it now as a part of this presentation in that my life and my energies will be toward a fundamental, guiding conorder to tie the matter all together.

devoted to this glorious service that has cept, particularly among certain of the At the April conference in 1906, been and will be my whole life. Auxiliary Organizations, that there Presidejit Joseph F. Smith made this

I am aware that I have had to submust be every year a new course of statement:

mit to some tests, some severe tests, study for each of the Auxiliary organi- "We expect to see the day, if we live before the Lord, I suppose to prove me zations so moving. We questioned long enough (and if some of us do not

to see if I would be willing to submit whether the composite of all of them live long enough to see it, there are to all things whatsoever the Lord sees might not tend away from the developothers who will), when every council fit to inflict upon me, even as a little ment of a given line of study or activity of the Priesthood in the Church of child does submit to its father. having the ultimate and desired objecJesus Christ of Latterday Saints will

We were touched by Brother Hincktive of building up a knowledge of the understand its duty; will assume its

ley's impressive talk this afternoon in gospel, a power to promulgate the own responsibility, will magnify its which he told about the couple who same, a promotion of the growth, faith, calling, and fill its place in the had been sealed just prior to the husand stronger testimony of the princiChurch, to the uttermost, according to band's leaving for battle in Vietnam, ples of the Gospel among the members the intelligence and ability possessed and they said to each other, "I am of the Church.... by it. When that day shall come, there

yours, and you are mine forever.""We think that the contemplated will not be so much necessity for work

On two sacred occasions I too had to study by the Committee now set up that is now being done by the auxiliary stand by and bear my witness, "You should have the foregoing matters in organizations, because it will be done are mine, and I am yours forever."mind. We feel assured that if the by the regular quorums of the Priesthood. The Lord designed and compreAddress given at the general priesthood meeting September 30, 1967. hended it from the bescinning, and he

26 Improvement Era membership may be 7.7 million: 1,000 stakes, 10,000 wards, 186 missions.

has made provision in the Church attention so that you will have them lated and discussed all problems perwhereby every need may be met and in mind. taining to the priesthood. Here is a

satisfied through the regular organizaThe first step that was made was to teaching opportunity for the bishop to tions of the Priesthood. It has truly place the priesthood in the place train the leaders of each priesthood

been said that the Church is perfectly where the Lord had placed it: to watch group in his ward.

organized. The only trouble is that over the Church. Greater emphasis on the teaching of

these organizations are not fully alive In the Doctrine and Covenants, the children in the home by the parto the obligations that rest upon them. Section 20, the Lord said: ents was brought forth in what we call

When they become thoroughly awak- "The teacher's duty is to watch over the family home evening program.

ened to the requirements made of the church always, and be with and This was not new. Fifty years ago it

them, they will fulfil their duties more strengthen them; was given emphasis; and as we went

faithfully, and the work of the Lord "And see that there is no iniquity in back into history, we found that in the will be all the stronger and more powthe church, neither hardness with last epistle \\'ritten to the Church byerful and influential in the world."each other, neither lying, backbiting, President Brigham Young and his

{Conference Report, April 1906, p. 3.) nor evil speaking; counselors, it was urged that parents

An organization was set up under "And see that the church meet tobring their children together and teach the direction of the First Presidency gether often, and also see that all the them the gospel in the home frequentfollowing that assignment seven years members do their duty."(D&C 20:53ly. So family home evening has been

ago, and seven members of the Twelve 55.) urged ever since the Church was estaband the Presiding Bishop were named This, you will note by careful readlished in this dispensation. Six hunas the Correlation Executive Commiting of this great revelation in its endred and fifty thousand family home

tee. It should be understood when we tirety, was to apply to the whole evening manuals with lessons for each

say executive committee that the Corpriesthood of the Church. week have been prepared and placed

relation Committee in total includes The name of home teaching was in the hands of every parent throughthe First Presidency and the Council of given to this movement, to distinguish out the Church. Each year's theme of

the Twelve Apostles. We then conit from ward teaching. When this was the home evening lessons has been

sidered ourselves a task committee to discussed with President McKay, some correlated with the Melchizedek Priestbring all our work to that body whom suggested we should call them watchhood and the Relief Society lessons, we represented for final approval. men—"priesthood watchmen"—but the and this year the Sunday School genThree correlation committees were President wisely counseled that we had eral board has instituted a special class

set up; the children's correlation combetter not let the membership of the each week for parents to aid in their

mittee; the youth correlation commitChurch think of the priesthood as deweekly family home evening and to

tee; and the adult correlation comtectives, that it would be better to call help prepare the parents to be better

mittee, with aides or editorial boards them the priesthood home teachers. teachers of their children.

for curriculum study and lessons for The genealogical representatives Plans were laid early in this dispenfamily home teaching. Also appointed called our attention to the fact that sation to meet the challenge of anticiwere managing directors for four phases home teachers was the title they gave pated growth as indicated by the

of priesthood activity: home teaching, to their genealogical workers in the scriptures and by prophetic utterances

missionary, welfare, and genealogy. wards. The President then advised that of presidents of the Church. President

These directors were three Assistants to these genealogical workers be called McKay gave us the key to our search the Twelve and one of the presidents family teachers, a name that is more for what we should do in these matters.

of the First Council of the Seventy, descriptive of the work of genealogical In discussing a matter pertaining to with one of the members of the execuvisitors to the homes in each ward. the missions, he said this: "Now in

tive committee as the chairman of the Home teaching, in essence, means changing our policy here, let us keep group working with these managing that we consider separately each indias near as we can to the revelations of directors. vidual member of the family who the Lord, and we will never be wrong

We then called to our aid profesconstitutes the entire home personnel. if we do that."That sounds like good

sionally trained men to be our general Home teaching, as distinguished from logic, doesn't it?

secretaries. These men, trained in eduward teaching, is to help the parents That injunction from the President

cational work, preferred not to be paid with home problems in their efforts to took us into a study of all that the employees. They asked to make this teach their families the fundamentals Lord has said about the place of

contribution to the Church on their of parental responsibility, as contrasted the priesthood and how it should own time and without cost, and to with merely bringing a message, a gosoperate in the kingdom. We found

continue their teaching roles at the pel message, to the entire family. what the Lord said about the \\'ork of

universities where they were employed. Quorum leaders were given the responthe Twelve:

There are also others of our secretarial sibility of selecting, training, and "The Twelve are a Traveling Prestaff whose work relates to correlation. supervising quorum members in visitsiding High Council, to officiate in the

We therefore have set ourselves, ing with and teaching assigned faminame of the Lord, under the direction under the direction of and with the lies of their own quorum members. of the Presidency of the Church, agreehelp of these aides, to the monumental Presidents or group leaders of each able to the institution of heaven; to

task of correlating all the curricula in Melchizedek Priesthood quorum and build up the church, and regulate all all Church organizations, and to a general secretaries of Aaronic Priestthe affairs of the same in all nations, continuing study of correlation probhood—Adult and Youth were then first unto the Gentiles, and secondly

lems for action of the First Presidency brought togetlier in what were called unto the Jews."(D&C 107:33.)

and the Twelve. This organization has "priesthood executive committees."About the Severity the Lord said: "It

been in effect for these seven years. Once a week this committee, bringing is the duty of the traveling high counSome developments have been outtogether representatives of every priestcil to call upon the Seventy, when they

wardly observed by the membership hood group, has been meeting with the need assistance, to fill the several calls of the Church. I call these to your bishopric, and there have been correfor preaching and administering the

January 1968 27 Sacrament meeting attendance rose from 21% in 1921 to 36% in 1965—but

gospel, instead of any others."(D&C hind the veil; but we do not therefore ident John Taylor, and so on down

107:38.) lose the benefit of his labors. He is now to President McKay, who presides

I think you will see in what has in a position to do more for that work today.

gone forward in the last few years that which he loved so well, and for which Then President John Taylor added now as never before in our recollection, he labored so ardently, than he could this final statement, which indicates the seventies have been given a major possibly do in the flesh; and that work something in which you will be

role in the missionary work of the will roll onward with increased power interested:

Church. Perhaps the door has opened and accelerated speed."(Messages of "That there may be a correct underas widely as it has ever been for the the First Presidency, Vol. 2, p. 299.) standing among all the Stakes of Zion

work of the seventies, and we thank the And then they quoted from the respecting the time for holding the

Lord for the work of our leaders in the Prophet Joseph Smith's instructions the quarterly Conferences in the different seventies quorums. following: Stakes, and the Presidents be enabled

Now to support what the First "The Twelve are not subject to any to make preparations therefor, we have

Presidency's message has already said other than the First Presidency, viz: deemed it best to make the following

about others who would be called as myself, Sidney Rigdon, and Frederick appointments for the conferences durleaders: "Whereas other officers of the G. Williams, who are now my couning the next half year. [This was in

church, who belong not unto the selors (and where I am not there is no 1877.] It will be seen that in most

Twelve, neither to the Seventy, are not First Presidency over the Twelve)."instances they will be held in two

under the responsibility to travel After the death of the Prophet Jostakes upon the same days. This is unamong all nations, but are to travel as seph, President Young, in speaking to avoidable, in consequence of the great

their circumstances shall allow, notthe Saints, said: "... Here are the number of stakes."(Messages of the

withstanding they may hold as high Twelve, appointed by the finger of First Presidency, Vol. 2, p. 301.)

and responsible offices in the church."God, who hold the keys of the PriestAnd then I counted the "great"num-

(D&C 107:98.) hood, and the authority to set in order ber of stakes: Salt Lake, Davis and

That would allow, besides those and regulate the Church in all the Utah, Weber and Juab, Tooele and mentioned, a place for the Assistants world."(Ibid.) Box Elder, Wasatch and Cache, Sumto the Twelve. Then there followed a statement mit and Bear Lake, Morgan and SanThen we found another scripture which indicated that there was some pete, Sevier and Millard, Panguitch

that had significance. It has always tendency to look back to the previous and Beaver, Kanab and Iron [Parobeen there, but we had never read this administration and think what the wan], and St. George—20 stakes, a

scripture as we saw it now. The Lord Prophet Joseph might have done had great number of stakes. There were

said in the 84th section of the Doctrine he been there. President Brigham nine missions—nine organized missions

and Covenants (this is to the Twelve) Young and his counselors wrote this—at that time. Well, as we think about

"Therefore, go ye into all the world; in their closing epistle to the Church: that now, and as they closed that

and unto whatsoever place ye cannot "Here is Elder Amasa Lyman and epistle after making that profound go ye shall send, that the testimony older Sidney Rigdon; they were counstatement about the great number of

may go from you into all the world cillors in the first presidency, and they stakes, the Twelve then added:

unto every creature. arc councillors to the Twelve still; if "And now, brethren and sisters, we

"And as I said unto mine apostles, they keep their places; but if either exhort you to arouse yourselves and

even so I say unto you, for you are wishes to act as 'spokesman'for the seek unto the Lord in fervent faith and mine apostles, even God's high priests; prophet Joseph, he must go behind the prayer. We know that our Father in

ye are they whom my Father hath veil where Joseph is."(Times and heaven is a God of Revelation. He is

given me; ye are my friends."(D&C Seasons, Vol. 5, p. 638.) ready and willing to pour out his bless84:6263.) Now that was a rather interesting ings and gifts upon those who seek

Where we couldn't go, then, the observation. unto Him for them. We need them as

Lord has said, "Send,"that the testiMay I now say this: Those keys of individuals and as a people to qualify

mony, your testimony, might by those the kingdom are still here with the us for the duties which devolve upon you send be brought to every creature Church today. As President Taylor us. We should remember and carry

throughout the world. declared, "... the holy Priesthood and into practical effect the counsels and

Soon after the death of President Apostleship, which He restored to the instructions we have so liberally reYoung, President John Taylor and the earth, still remain to guide and govern, ceived from our departed President. He

Twelve took over the presiding auand to administer ordinances to the has gone from us; but the flock is not

thority of the Church for approximately Church which He has established."left without a shepherd. Latterday

three years before President Taylor was President David O. McKay is the one Saints should so live that they will

sustained as the President of the man today who holds those keys, as know the voice of the True Shepherd,

Church. In a message to the Church did the Prophet Joseph Smith, as did and not be deceived by pretenders....

at that time, two or three things were President Brigham Young, as did PresThe Latterdav Saint who does not live said to which I would like to call your vm& TOTM ""f 15,(500 1—I I rimoo WQ attention:

"The keys of the kingdom are still right here with the Church... the

holy Priesthood and Apostleship, which

He restored to the earth, still remain ASIA J \ J ( 3 areas) to govern, guide and and to administer CHPURCH50:000 lUI I P75.000 j 125,000 M mo"EMBERSH

ordinances to the Church 40,000 which He i 1 20,000 60000 100,000 I 15Q000I '15.606!

has established. Our beloved brother

Brigham Young has gone from us to join the Prophet Joseph and the host

I so. STATES of the holy and the pure who are beSOlJTH AMERICA

28 Improvement Era we appear to have hit a plateau.

so as to have the revelations of Jesus constantly with him, stands in great s'<Ea 1,000 WARDS 10,000 M SS ONS200 30,000 VSSONAES falling of heing danger deceived and i 150. signs away... All the the. which 20,000!

Lord promised to send in the last days 5,000 100 are making their appearance. They 500——

show that the day of the Lord is near. - lOOOO A great work has to be done, and there——50

is but little time in which to accom100 1.000

plish it; great diligence is, therefore, NOW 1985 NOW 1985 NOW 1985 NOW 1985

required.... Let us not slacken our

diligence, or give way to doubt, unbelief or hardness of heart; but be Research has been done by the deTwelve were called in 1941, the Presistrong in the Lord, and cry unto Him partment of statistics at the Brigham dency said: "The rapid growth of the

unceasingly to give us the power to Young University by Dr. Howard Church in recent times, the constantly

build up His Zion on the earth, and to Nielsen, and he estimates the Church increasing establishment of wards and help establish a reign of righteousness, membership by 1985, just 17 years from stakes,... all have built up an apospeace, and truth."{Messages of the now, will total from 5,700,000 to tolic service of the greatest magnitude.

First Presidency, Vol. 2, pp. 302303.) 7,700,000, depending on the rate of The First Presidency and Twelve feel

And so ended that remarkable conversions. that to meet adequately their great

epistle to the Church. By the year 2000 A. D., which means responsibilities and to carry on effiNow to point up our challenge of the that our children now eight years of ciently this service for the Lord, they

present growth and to prepare for age will then be 41 years old, we could should have some help."(The Imthe fulfillment of the hastening of the have a total membership of over ten provement Era, May 1941, p. 269.)

Lord's work, which he promised he million people. Though this may That was said when we had 137 stakes.

would do in his own time: If one were sound very distant to some of us, it is Now, when we have 443 stakes and

to paint a picture in broad strokes of the year, I repeat, when these eighttwice as many missions, you begin to just a few features of the future, here yearolds will become 41, if you get see what we are talking about. All of

are some things that will challenge the that clearly. this is sobering to think about, even

Church in the years that lie ahead: In 1985 there will be more than one superficially. It is awesome to conWhen I came into the Council of million members in Utah, but they template, at any length. How can we

the Twelve we had 35 missions. I will represent only 21 percent of all best provide the necessary leadership

helped to organize, along with PresiChurch membership. California will with enough worthy, able leaders in

dent Joseph Fielding Smith, the 138th have almost a million members by the right places at the right time? How

stake. We now have 443 stakes. then, and the southern states onehalf can we best finance a kingdom of this

During the 70 years from 1830 to million. Canada will host 160.000 scope and dimension? How can we

1900, the Church grew by 258,000 members, with more than 200,000 in best absorb, fellowship, and teach this members. Today, a quarter of a million the British Isles, and over onequarter many souls?

expansion in membership takes not 70 million in Central and South America. While sacrament meeting attendance

years, but in only two or three years, Today, there are approximately 443 rose from 21 percent in 1921 to 36 perwe expand by a quarter of a million. stakes and nearly 4,000 wards and cent in 1965, we appear to have hit a

Our Church membership is increasbranches. By 1985, depending on our plateau. We are not advancing from

ing at about three times the growth effectiveness and external events, we that 36 percent. Effective preaching

rate of the population of the United should have 1,000 stakes and nearly of the gospel and showing how it reStates. But, just as significantly, the 10,000 wards. lates directly to the lives of people

regional distribution of Church memIn the calendar year 1985, about 200 today are partial but needed answers bership is also following some clear new stake presidents will be appointed to this challenge.

trends that we must recognize, not to new or existing stakes, and General Now the plan that has been anonly intellcctualh', but also adminisAuthorities will need to direct five nounced is for the appointment of tratively. stake reorganizations each week. The Regional Representatives of the

hi 1910, Utah and Idaho contained brethren will then need to clear beTwelve. Many of you heard the anapproximately 75 percent of all Church tween 50 and 60 names for the office nouncement by the First Presidency

membership. Today, only 40 percent of of bishop each week. yesterday. This wasthe official

the Church's members live in these Well, you begin to see something announcement:

two states. Utah once held twothirds about the growth, and so we could go "As many of you will remember, in

of all members. Today, even though on with auxiliary organizations. 1941, it became necessary for the First

the number of members in Utah has Now just a word about the misPresidency and the Twelve to provide now risen from 224,000 in 1910 to sions: It is estimated that in the misfor additional brethren to help with

714,000, only onethird of all members sions within that 17year period, in the work of overseeing and setting in now live in Utah. Brazil now has contrast to 77 or 78 missions we have order an evergrowing, worldwide

23,000 Latterday Saints; Australia, today, we could have as many as 185 Church. Thus in the General Confer21,000; and Mexico, 50,000. missions by then, with probably as ence of April, 1941, Assistants to the

During the last ten years, membermany as 30,000 missionaries instead of Twelve w-ere named and sustained, ship in the southern states has risen our 13,000 as of today. 'to be increased or otherwise from time

from 72,000 to 170,000; in South Perhaps this is enough, then, to indito time as the necessity or carrying on

America from. 6,000 to 67,000; and in cate the great challenge that dethe Lord's work seem.s to dictate.'

Asia from 1,500 to 21,000. mands an extended authoritative "Since then the worldwide demands

We have no choice but to think supervisory ministry. of the Church have increased in ever

regionally. When the first five Assistants to the greater degree, and it is felt by the

January 1968 29 I"'irst Presidency and the Twelve that tudes to teach effectively the leaders stake quarterly conferences on Saturday a further provision for guidance and in these foreign language stakes. afternoon, and there we will have a

direction is now needed. One of the reasons we have released leadership training session in the

"What, therefore, is now proposed a number of priesthood committee afternoon with the stake presidency, is the calling of as many brethren members is because we are trying to the high council, and the bishoprics;

as may be necessary, to be known find men within the regions, so far as with all the priesthood leaders in the as Regional Representatives of the it is practicable so to do, to regionalize evening; and on Sunday morning, with

Twelve, each, as assigned, to be reas far as is possible close to their the stake presidency. And then we

sponsible in some aspects of the work homes. are endeavoring to get all the families

to carry counsel to and to conduct With this in mind, perhaps we to come to conference. In order to

instructional meetings in groups of should say just a word about the role provide a place for the small children, stakes or regions as may be designated of Regional Representatives. For two we are suggesting that in every stake

from time to time. days this past week, we have had eight the stake superintendency of Sunday

'"These Regional Representatives of hours each day with our Regional School arrange for a Junior Sunday the Twelve will not be 'General'AuRepresentatives of the Twelve together School, perhaps in a separate building, thorities, as such, but will serve somewith the General Authorities and the if one can be found nearby, or in anwhat as do stake presidents, giving full heads of our auxiliary organizations, other area of the stake conference

Church service for greater or lesser in an intensive instructional period, center; and there, with a suggested

periods of service as circumstances may highlighted by a devotional in the program that we will give, the children suggest. temple under the direction of the First will be taken care of during that two-

"Fuller details will be in evidence Presidency. hour period, which will perhaps be

as this plan proceeds under the guidThis, then, will be the program that broken down into short periods, with ance of the First Presidency and the will go into effect. some diversion for the children.

Twelve."Last night after two hours of meetNow, beginning in 1968, there will

During these last few years, we have ing with all the stake presidents of the be only one general session of conhad in preparation for this regional church and these Regional Repreference in each stake; in the afternoon,

expansion 114 priesthood committee sentatives, each representative received when the General Authority is in atmembers representing the four phases his assignment to a given area and tendance, we will take time to give of priesthood work previously referred went thereafter to an office in the instruction that we haven't had time to. They have rendered a great and Church Office Building where he met, to give, as I have illustrated in the case

monumental service and will do so to for the first time, the stake presidents of the Fort Worth Stake leaders at the end of 1967, after which they will who will work under his supervision, Dallas this past week.

be released by the First Presidency. and to become acquainted and there As we read the revelations we found

When their present service is conto establish a relationship that, we something significant about stake concluded, we hope to show our appreciahope, will grow strong and very ferences, as the Lord designed them.

tion to them in some more appropriate precious throughout the years. Let me read w'hat the Lord said, as

manner. And, parenthetically, I might As the Church has grown, we have recorded in Section 20 of the Doctrine

say, I would think that presidents in felt somewhat guilty. I called attenand Covenants, about stake conferstakes where these welltrained comtion last night to the fact that last ences:

mittee members reside would be Sunday I was in Dallas, Texas, where "The several elders composing this something less than alert if they did we organized a new stake, the Fort church of Christ are to meet in connot move after January 1 to bring Worth Stake. We took all the time ference once in three months, or from

these brethren into some of their local between the two sessions to set new time to time as said conferences shall priesthood structures, in order to take officers apart. We then went into the direct or appoint....

advantage of the great experience these second session, after which, as we "It shall be the duty of the several brethren have had throughout the rushed to catch a plane to come home, churches, composing the church of

Church. I said to the stake president, "The Lord Christ, to send one or more of their

Most all of these who are called now bless you. President Kelly. I will see teachers to attend the several conferto be Regional Representatives of the you at general conference."I had a ences held by the elders of the

Twelve have served in stake presiguilty feeling that I didn't take the church."(D&C 20:61, 81.)

dencies or as mission presidents or time, didn't have the time, to sit down That was a stake conference. If we

both. Fifteen of them are now serving and do an adequate job of teaching understand that instruction correctly,

as stake presidents and will be released and training those new officers. we should understand that the prime

before the end of this year. So, in the stake quarterly conferences purpose of a stake conference was to

Areas of the Church, where clusters hereafter, or beginning in 1968, the instruct the leaders of the stakes; and

of stakes will be brought together, will General Authorities will be the only that is what we are now intending to be assigned to the 69 Regional Repreofficial visitors to attend stake conferdo, more than we have done in the sentatives of the Twelve; and so far as ences except in those single stakes that past.

possible, these men are being assigned are not aligned with regions. In those It will be expected that every ward

to areas as near to their homes as posstakes the Regional Representative of in the stake will return home and have sible. Fort3'-four Regional Representathe Twelve will go on the conference a sacrament meeting in the evening,

tives will live within their assigned dates when no General Authority is to where the greater number of the memareas. Twentyfive will be assigned be in attendance; and with the auxbership of the Church will be brought

outside their own areas, but about 12 iliary representatives, they will hold a into some worshiping assembly on the of them convenient to their homes. regional meeting similar to that which day of a stake quarterly conference.

Eleven will be in distant areas and will be held in all the regions semiNow, we have had excellent confernine outside of continental United annually throughout the Church and ences in the stakes, but we find we

States, particularly those countries that remain over for the stake conference. have had good attendance in the mornneed men with special language aptiThe General Authorities will go to ing, while many have stayed away

30 Improvement Era from the afternoon session. That is told me about being on a ship that

happening not in one stake but in was going out among the various many stakes. Now, in order to see that islands into the open sea. As the ship

there is a place in every stake for every was being steered near one particularly member to attend, we are asking that unimpressive island, he wondered why there be a sacrament meeting in every it wasn't steered past another island.

ward in every stake on the day of stake Finally he noticed ahead what apconference. peared to be broomsticks sticking up;

At the conferences where no General these sticks were attached to buoys, to

Authority is in attendance, we are guide the ship through safe channels.

asking our stake presidents not to have Engineers had discovered the safe an imported speaker to take the place places.

of a General Authority, or to expect God's engineers have charted the their of us. course Regional ahead Representative our critics to come. Now

will expect indionly goHe have some; Prices (and we we will there as he may

cate he would desire for some special usually they are those without knowlare LOW purpose or may be assigned by the edge or with little or no vision) will in Idaho

First Presidency or the Twelve. This wonder why we didn't take some other

will be the opportunity for the stake course to meet the problem. This Some 50 styles include all L.D.S. temple

president with his staff, meaning his reminds me of the saying: "A man is designs in white and latest parchments.

auxiliary and priesthood leaders, to usually down on what he ain't up on."Matching Mormon albums, napkins, other

instruct his people as the leaders have We suppose we will have more and accessories. One day rush order service.

been instructed in their previous more of that.

regional meetings. And so our quarterThe Lord's chosen leaders have sigly conferences will be more intensive naled us now to move forward. When

training to in leadership lead Moses of children went the General by Aufor catalog samples, refunded 25c Send &thorities, into desert, are out the trying and not to Israel it was we now if first air order. mail desired.) on (50cgear life; ourselves to the fled for his a Moses better do had job than who

83440 Idaho REXCRAFT, Rexburg, in the been past. not doingwe have the it was Moses climbed had who

We will have in addition some the mount with fear; but it was the Name -

specialists or, as we will now call them, Moses endowed by the power of Address.

aides,priesthood in Almighty genealogy, welfare, he lifted God. When his City, Zone, State -

missionary and signaled, teaching, and the whole home company who staff may be brought into service as necesmoved forward. We must not lose

sary to meet the needs of our Regional ourselves in the mechanics of leaderRepresentatives or individual stakes ship and neglect the spiritual. "... if

needing single eye specialized your be glory,"attention. the to my

said, Lord "your shall I conclude whole body be Tourific! Now then, with just one

or two observations. Again and again filled with light, and there shall be

has been repeated the statement that no darkness in you...."(D&C 88:67.)

the home is the basis of a righteous Evidence of improved leadership life. With new and badly needed will bring more consistent study of the HAWAII "F

emphasis on the "how,"we must not scriptures, greater concern of the lose sight of the "why"we are so holders of the priesthood in watching engaged. over the to priesthood Church, devotion The more programs MEXICO Feb. 16 duties,operate in family of support more our young the of the home;

auxiliary programs render valuable aspeople married worthily in the temple, sistance. greater righteous regional faith and leadership Wise to 5 weeks,

the priesthood,can help us exercise of EUROPE 16 daysfrom and so on. $275 to do our share in attaining

God's overarching purpose, "to bring The Prophet Joseph Smith said as (from New York) to pass the immortality and eternal life he wrote from Liberty Jail:

of man.""Let no 1:39.) count (Moses as small Both the them man * TEXAS HEMISFAIR

forrevelations of there lieth of things; the learning which God and is much

men tell us how crucial the home is in futurity, pertaining to the saints, in things. total individual's shaping the which depends upon these * PALMYRA PAGEANTlife experience. that "You know, brethren, a very been must have You

impressed that running through all large ship is benefited very much by a that very said in has this small in the conference time of been helm a * ALASKA ADVENTURE storm, of thehas been urgency kept impressing the by being workways with importance of better teaching and the wind and the waves.

greater parental responsibility in the "Therefore, dearly beloved brethren, For all travel and ticketing arrangements laome. Much of what we do organizalet us cheerfully do all things that lie

tionally, then, is scaffolding, as we seek in our power; and then may we stand

to build the individual, and we must still, with the utmost assurance, to salvation the ofnot mistake the scaffolding for the see God, and 'INC. TRAVEL for his 1r

123:1517.)soul. revealed."to be arm (D&C 110 South East 2nd

Now may I just say this: I was with To which I bear humble testimony, k. Salt Lake City, Utah

one of the brethren who formerly in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. '571presided over the Swedish Mission. He Amen.

Ogden, 3994587 St. George, 6733136

Logan 2456584 Idaho Falls, 5222581

Mesa 9645283

January 1968 31 Ogden 1 X, J. Heiner, Jr., of North Ogden, Harold M. Wright of Salt Lake City. \ Heber

Utah Ogden and Roy (Utah) regrons Granger and Pioneer (Utah) regions

Was on Priesthood Home Teaching Was president of Hillside Stake; in

Committee; insurance agent, born Sept surance agent; born Feb. 13, 1908,

T4, 1909, Ogden, Utah, married Melba Pleasant Grove, Utah; married Gene

Nelson, three children vieve Fugal; six children.

Cannon Lakeview North GrangerGranger Morgan Taylorsville EastMtNorthOgdenOgdenWeber

Taylorsville NorthPioneerJordanView West Temple Roy North Roy Ogden

Sunset Heber J He/ner Jr Harold M. Wright

Wilford M. Burton of Salt Lake City. Ben Rex C. Reeve of Salt Lake City. Jordan

Lomond and Weber regions. Was on and Midvale (Utah) regions. Was presiSunday School general board: attorney; dent of Valley View Stake; purchasing

barn Feb. 5. 1910, Salt Lake City; agent; born Nov. 23, 1914, Hinckley,

married Dorothy A. Baud; three chilUtah; married Phyllis Mae Nielsen;

dren. seven children.

So. BenBen LorinFarr LomondWestLomondFarr RiverdaleSouthWashingtonTerraceOgden East ButlerEastMidvaleButlerJordanWest SandySandyRivertonWestMt, JordanJordan

Heights Rex C, Reeve WeberWeber

Henry A. Matis of Roy, Utah. KaysviHe Allenn M. Swan of Salt Lake City. Oquirrh

(Utah) Region. Was president, Roy and Tooele (Utah) regions. Was on

Stake; engineer; born June 19, 1905, Priesthood Missionary Committee;

Telluride, Colo.; married Mae Pace; five attorney; born Oct. 27, 1927, Tooele,

children. Utah; married Verla Mae Johnson; four

Clearfield LaytonNorth Davis children.

KaysvilleDavis KearnsHunterKearns North OquirrhGrantsvilleTooeleNorth TooeleEast Oquirrh

Henry fi Mafrs

L. Brent Goates of Salt Lake Cit Phil D. Jensen of American Fork, Utah.

Bountiful and Rose Park regions Wr American Fork and Orem (Utah) reon Priesthood Home Teaching Com gions. Was on Priesthood Welfare Committee; administrator of LDS Hospital mittee; insurance agent; born Feb. 27,

2. Salt Feb. born 1922. Lake City; 1918, Logan, Utah; married Ruth Salt Lake City

six children. Lee; six married Helen children. Hazen;

Riverside Fork BountifulBountiful East Alpine

Bountiful Bountiful RoseRose ParkParkDavisNorth American South OremOremSharonSharonWest West SouthNorth TimpanogosLehi

L Brent Goates Phil D Jensen

Raymond J. Pace of North Bountiful J. Elliot Cameron of Provo, Utah. Provo

Utah. Bonneville and Salt Lake regions Region. Was bishop of BYU 66th Ward;

Was on Priesthood Missionary Com dean of students, BYU; born Feb. 9,

mittee; retail sales supervisor; born 1923, Panguitch, Utah; married Elda

Jan. 4. 1913, Hoytsville, Utah; married Maxine Petty; four children.

children. Virginia four E. Judd;

EastEastProvoProvoSharon WestUtah Utah BonnevilleLiberty

Park Monument EmigrationEnsignSaltUniversity Park Lake West

Raymond J. Pace J. E//io( Cameron

If?** 14 G. Smith of Bountiful, Utah. M. Elmer Christensen of Salt Lake City. Stanford

Granite and Sugar House regions, Was Spanish Fork (Utah) Region. Was preson Priesthood Home Teaching Commitident of Bountiful Stake; department

tee; Utah State chemist; born Sept. 13, store buyer; born Sept. 24, 1912. Far

1902, Manassa; Colo.; married Melba mington, Utah; married Mary Ellen

Morgan; four children. Stoddard; seven children.

SantaquinTinticSpanishSpringvilleFork Palmyra GraniteGraniteHighlandParleysSouth SaltParkLake HillsideMonument SugarWellsWestHousePark Stanford G. Smith KolobNebo

W. Kirton. Jr., of Salt Lake City. Harold R. Boyer of Salt Lake City. Mill Wilford

Creek and Wilford regions. Was on Idaho Student and North Utah Student

Priesthood Home Teaching Committee; regions. Was president of University

attorney: born Dec. 11. 1906. Salt Lake Stake; Church legal counsel; born April

City; married Marian Louise Richards: 16, 1922, Salt Lake City; married Arfive children. lene Tadje Sonntag; five children.

Grant Idaho

I RimCreek EastMt. OlympusMill UtahUniversityUniversityStateState II ValleyMill CreekView CanyonWilford RicksUniversity Winder UniversityCollegeStateIII Utah University

WiHotd W, Kirton. Jr. Harold R Boyer

Cart W. Buehner of Salt Lake City. CotArthur S. Anderson of Salt Lake City.

tonwood Region. Was assistant general South Utah Student Region. Was on

superintendent of YMMIA; president of Priesthood Home Teaching Committee;

a building stone company; born Dec. vice president of advertising firm; born

27, 1898, Stuttgart, Germany; married Jan. 17, 1923, Boise, Idaho; married

Lucile Thurman; four children. Janice V. Jacobsen; sever children.

Cottonwood of South-(8) MurrayHolladay OlympusSouthMurrayCottonwoodSouth CollegeernBYU Utahstakes

Carl W. BuehneiArthur S, Anderson

Representatives

17 24 Z. Reed Millar of Boise, Idaho. Boise William G. Bangerter of Granger, Utah,

and Weiser regions. Was on Priesthood Coalville (Utah) Region. Was on PriestHome Teaching Committee; attorney; hood Home Teaching Committee; buildborn Oct. 10. 1896. American Fork, ing contractor; born June 8, 1918,

Utah; married Urania Berthelson (de Granger; married Mildred Schwantes

ceased), Edna Sorensen; six children. (dec), Geraldine Hamblin; ten children.

West NyssaUnion SouthSummitLyman Summit WoodruffWasatch BoiseBoise BoiseNorth WeiserNampa 2. Reed WWat Witliam G. Bangerter

18 25A. Lewis Elggren of Salt Lake City. Price Stephen C. Richards of Salt Lake City.

Burley and Twin Falls (Idaho) regions. and Uintah Basin (Utah) regions. Was

Was on Priesthood Home Teaching on Priesthood Welfare Committee: pres'

Committee; furniture dealer; born Feb. ident of food brokersRe firm; born May

28, 1914, Salt Lake City; married Ruby 31, 1902, Salt Lake City; married MilMa Oleson; five children. dred Louise Peterson; three children.

AshleyCraig CarbonEmeryGrand DuchesneRoosevelt CassiaBurleyMinidokaRaft River TwinGoodingBlaine Falls

Uintah SanNorthJuanCarbonJunction

A. Lewis Elggren Stephen C. Richards

19 26 Max C. Mortensen of St. Anthony, Neal A. Maxwell of Salt Lake City. TreIdaho. Rexburg and Rigby (Idaho) remonton (Utah) Region. Was on Adult

gions. Was president of Yellowstone Correlation Committee; executive vice

Stake; potato grower; born May 29, president. University of Utah; born

1927, Salem, Idaho; married Bonnie July 6, 1926, Salt Lake City; married

Jean Schwendiman; six children. Colleen Fern Hinckley; four children.

East BearMa ladRiver South Bear River NorthRexburgRexburg AmmonEast NorthRigbyIdahoIdahoFallsFalls TetonYellowstone

Rigby Neal A. Maxwell Max C. Mortsnsen

27 20 Wendell J. Ashton of Salt Lake City. Henry E. Peterson of Bountiful, Utah.

Bear Lake {Utah) Region. Was presiBrigham City Region. Was on Adult

dent of Bountiful North Stake; agriculCorrelation Committee; advertising exturalist, Church Welfare Program; born ecutive; born Oct. 31, 1912, Salt Lake

May 11. 1912, Gebo, Wyo; married City; married Marion Reynolds (dec),

Alice M. Danielsen; four children. Belva Barlow; seven children.

ElderElder BannockBearIdaho Lake MontpelierStar Valley BrighamBox ElderCity SouthNorth BoxBox

Henry E- Peterson Wendell J. Ashfon

21 28 Clarence F. Robison of Provo, Utah. Cecil E. Hart of Idaho Falls. Idaho.

Idaho Falls Region. Was president of Manti and Nephi (Utah) regions. Was

French Mission; automobile dealer; on YMMIA general board; physical eduborn Dec. 19, 1905, Menan, Idaho cation teacher and track coach, BYU;

married Vera Christina Pfost; three born June 18. 1923, Fillmore, Utah;

children. married Monita Turley; nine children.

Deseret MillardNevada LostSalmonIdahoRiverFallsRiver ShelleySouth Idaho Falls GunnisonSouthMoroniNorth SanpeteSanpete Juab

Cecil E. Hart Clarence F. Robison

22 29 Alten Christensen of Richfield. Utah. Myles W. Romney of Pocatello, Idaho.

Blackfoot and Pocatello regions. Was Richfield Region. Was president of

on Priesthood Missionary Committee; Sevier Stake; department store owner;

insurance agent; born March 17. 1919, born Aug. 13, 1906, Richfield; married

St. George, Utah; married Janice Clark; Alta Wintch; six children.

six children.

GarfieldNorth Sevier WayneSouth Sevier Btackfoot

PocatelloFalls Sevier Alameda AmericanEastPocatelloPortneuf PocatelloPocatelloBlackfoot WestNorthSouth

Myles w. Romney

30 23 Howard Dunn of Salt Lake City. CeWilliam H. Bennett of Logan, Utah. J.

Cache and Logan regions. Was on dar (Utah) Region, Was on Priesthood

Priesthood Welfare Committee; extenGenealogy Committee; project manager,

sion director. Utah State University; Salt Lake County Civic Auditorium; born

born Nov. 5, 1910, Taber, Afberta; marAug. 25, 1917, Corinne, Utah; narried

ried Patricia Christensen; six children. Mary Call; four children.

BensonFranklin CacheEast West PaPanguitchrowan OneidaSmithfield HyrumLoganMt. LoganCache J. Howard Dunn CedarCedarBeaver William H. Bennett

Clifton D. Boyack of San Carlos, Calif. John 35 C. Dalton of Fullerton. Calif,

San Francisco Region. Was president Burbank Region. Was on Priesthood

of San Mateo Stake; assistant school Home Teaching Committee; attorney;

superintendent; born Oct. 12, 1911, born Sept. 1, 1912, Manassa. Colo.;

Spanish Fork, Utah; married Grace married Miriam Smith (deceased).

Richards; four children. Maxine Jensen; six children.

PaloSanMontereyFranciscoAlto Bay SanSanSan JoseMateoJose West BurbankBakersfield GlendaleMojave

John C. Daltan

0. Leslie Stone of Piedmont, Calif. 36J. Talmage Jones of San Gabriel, Calif.

Oakland and Walnut Creek regions. Was San Fernando Region. Was president,

president of OaklandBerkeley Stake; Western Canadian Mission; lecturer.

merchandising executive; born May 28, University of California at Los Angeles;

1903. Chapjn, Idaho; married Dorothy born Dec. 2, 1915, Thatcher, Ariz,; marCobbley; four children. ried Vera Jean Noyes; seven children.

Park HaywardFremont Reseda SantaSantaSimi BarbaraMaria OaklandBerkeleySan Leandro SantaWalnut LuisFernando Obispo ConcordNapa RosaCreek CanogaSanSan

J. Ta/mage Jones

R Raymond Barnes of Moraga. Cali37Daken K. Broadhead of San Marino,

fornia. Redding and Reno regions. Was California. Los Angeles Region. Was

on Priesthood Missionary Committee; counselor in Pasadena Stake presibusiness executive; born April 14, dency; president, Allied Record Co.;

1927, Salt Lake City; married Chloris born April 17, 1905, Nephi, Utah; marBowman; six children. ried Olene Smith; five children.

KlamathMed ford RenoRenoHumboltNorth HuntingtonInglewoodLos Angeles Park SantaSouth LosMonicaAngeles ReddingRedwood

Oaken K. Broadhead

David B. Haight of Provo, Utah. Fresno 38Richard S. Summerhays of Pasadena,

and Sacramento (Calif,) regions. Was Calif. Long Beach and Los Angeles

on Priesthood Missionary Committee; East regions. Was on Priesthood Home

president of hardware firm; born Sept, Teaching Committee; insurance agent;

2, 1906, Oakley, Idaho; married Ruby born Dec. 27, 1908, Independence, Mo.;

Olson; three children. married Miriam Maxwell; four children.

River Fair Oaks FresnoFresnoModestoJoaquinEast GridJeyAmerican San Sacramento Torrance LongRedondoEast LongBeachBeach WhittierPasadenaEastNorwalkLos Angeles NorthSacramento

Richard S. Summerhays

iap

f/) \j.%'

Ralph J. Hill of Salt Lake City. Grand John K. Edmunds of Wilmette. Ill, ChiCruiee and Spokane (Wash.) regions. cago and Detroit regions. Was on

Was on Priesthood Missionary ComPriesthood Home Teaching Committee mittee; insurance manager; born May and patriarch of Chicago Stake; attor10. 1917. Smithfield, Utah; married ney; born Dec. 10, 1900. Wales, Utah;

Afton Clark; four children. married Jasmine Romney; two children.

DetroitLansing GrandGrandPascoRichlandCouleeCoulee No. YakimaCoeurLewistonSpokaned'Alene ChicagoChicagoMilwaukeeSouth Cleveland

John K. Edmunds

49 55 G. LaMont Richards of Salt Lake City. George H. Mortimer of Upper MontPortland and Salem (Ore.) regions. Was clair, N, J. New York and Niagara Falls

on Priesthood Missionary Committee; regions. Was president of New Jersey

supply firm president; born Jan. 17, -fS'rf'Stake; attorney; born Nov. 18, 1903,

191S, Salt Lake City; married Edna Fae Provo, Utah; married Veda Jane Porter;

Firmage; four children. four children.

West Columbia New BostonHartford

CorvallisSalem Por:tland NorthRiverColumbiaRiver WillamettePortland NewCumorahCentralYorkJersey NewLong Jerseyisland Toronto

George H. Mortir

G LaMont Richards

56 50 Wilburn Robert W. Barker of Kensington, Md, C. West, Salt Lake City. Calgary

and Lethbridge regions. Was on PriestPhiladelphia (Penn.) Region. Was first

hood Home Teaching Committee; direccounselor in Washington (D.C.) Stake

C""'tor. Utah State Institute of Fine Arts; presidency; attorney; born July 9, 1919.

born Feb, 27. 1909, Farr West. Utah; Orclen, Utah; married Amy Vera

married Zelma M. Ririe; four children. Tiomas; six children.

CalgaryCalgaryEdmontonNorth TaberTaylorLethbridgeAlberta PotomacPhiladelphia VirginiaWashington

Wilburn C West Robert W. Barker

51 57 Grant S. Thorn.of Springville. Utah. Edwin B. Jones of Birmingham. Mich.

Montana and Wyoming regions. Was Cincmnati (Ohio) and St, Louis (Mo.)

counselor in BYU First Stake; construcregions. Was president of Detroit Stake;

tion firm president; born Nov. 8. 1910, banker; born feb. 14, 1917, Kanesville,

Springville; married Naomi Dalton; four Utali; married Mildred Salisbury; five

children. children.

BillingsHorn CincinnatiColumbusFort Wayne IndianapolisMemphisSt.IllinoisLouis *-w River ButteGreatMissoulaFalls CasperWindBig

Grant S Thorn Edwin B. Jones

58 52 G. Roy Fugal of Woodmont, Conn Ldward E. Drury, Jr., of Denver. Colo.

Denver Region. Was on Priesthood Rijleigh (N.C.) Region. Was high counHome Teaching Committee; cashier, cilor, New York Stake; consultant m and Canada

-'electrical supply firm; born Aug. 7, personnel, General Electric Co.; born

1908, Salt Lake City; married Louise Nov, 28, 1906, Pleasant Grove, Utah,

Farrington; three children. married Olive Harris; three children

CheyenneDenverDenver South DenverPikesSan LuisPeakWest GreensboroNorfolk RaleighNorth Carolina

Edward E Drury, Jr.

61 60 59 Fla. Jacksonville, of Alvin Chace C. Jacksonville, Dallas, J. of E. of Texas. Marsh Madsen Howard Coleman

of Jacksonbishop Florida Region. Was on regions. Fla. '(Ga.) Region. on Atlanta Was and Was Texas Louisiana

inreal estate ville and Ward; Second presCommittee; Committee; Teaching Priesthood Missionary priesthood Home*

April Jackson1912, 16, surance; born Inc.; Midway, Industries, attorney; 29, Intercontinental July ident, 1918, born

five ville; Beasley; Alzada married City; Hinson: Linden Lake Salt married 1924. Marian 26, Utah; born May

married Virginia Moyle; eight children. seven children. children.

Hattiesburg DallasFt. Jackson

Orleans New Shreveport HoustonSan WorthAntonioNorth Beaumont Christi TexasHoward J. Marsh Corpus

65 62 Berkeley L. Bunker of Las Vegas, Nev. A. Ray Curtis of Holladay, Utah. Leeds

and Manchester regions. Was on the New Zealand Region. Was on PriestYMMIA general board; president of a hood Missionary Committee; in morheating firm; born Feb. 13, 1911, Salt tuary and cemetery business; born

12, 1906, St. Thomas, Nev.; marLake City; married Elaine Broadbent; Aug.

ried Lucile Whitehead; two children.o five children.

WellingtonHawkes Bay GlasgowLeedsSunderland LeicesterLondonManchester AucklandHamiltonHamilton Southi4

63 66 K. Percy of Fetzer City. Salt Lake EuroLeslie T. Norton of MelOgden, Utah. pean Region. Priesthood on Was Home

bourne and Sydney regions. on Was Teaching Committee; president a of

Priesthood Missionary chief Committee; <J5jjf cabinet fixture firm; and born 9, May

job Hill analyst. Air Force Base; born

City: 1907, Salt Lake married Thelma

June 10. 1910, Watford, England; - mar- 'five Woolley; children.

ried Loretta Gibbons; Mae chil three

dren. SwissStuttgart BerlinHamburgHolland Adelaide Sydney South

Melbourne Perth Brisbane Percy Fefzer K Sydney

f

I

George W. Paulsen of Salt Lake City.

Apia and Hawaii regions. Was on Priesthood Missionary Committee; consultinj

engineer; born June 17, 1918, Salt

Lake City; married Orlene Jones; four

children.

ApiaHonolulu OahuPearl Harbor

J. Thomas Fyans, C. Laird Snelgrove, Finn B. Paulsen of Salt Lake City.

Buenos Aires, Guatemala City, Mexico City, and Sao Paulo regions. Brother

Fyans: Was on Priesthood Missionary Committee; director. Church distribution and translation services; born May 17, 1918, Moreland, Idaho; married

Helen Cook; five children. Brother Snelgrove: Was on Priesthood Home

Teaching Committee; president of ice cream firm; born May 19, 1911, Salt

Lake City; married Edna Haynie; six children. Brother Paulsen: Was on

Priesthood Missionary Committee; engineering instructor; born Sept. 13.

1919. Springfield, Idaho; married Sara Broadbent; five children.

GuatemalaBuenos AiresCity MexicoMexico CityCity North SaoMontevideoPaulo < *(. s

Lj**

...4iiiu.iaiM

dtiit i*..

jjlK.

January 1968

Marion D. Hanks, Editor Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor

,y,5 >

t* *ipj, *jr

President David 0. McKay

As individuals, we must think nobler thoughts.

We must not encourage vile thoughts or low aspirations. We shall radiate them if we do. If we

think noble thoughts, if we encourage and cherish noble aspirations, there will be that radiation when we meet people, especially when we associate with them.

Each individual soul has that divine radiation.

The body is only the house in which we live. God

help us to radiate strength, control, love, charity (which is another name for love), consideration, and best wishes for all human beings. We should

do what we can to produce peace and harmony, no matter what we may suffer.

We [have a] greater responsibility than ever before—as men of the priesthood, as women of

the Church, and as the youth who are the leaders of tomorrow—to make our homes such as will

radiate to our neighbors harmony, love, community duties, loyalty.

Elder Gordon B. Hinckley

—aTheregreatis hungerhunger inforthetheland,wordandofa genuinethe Lordthirstand

an unsatisfied thirst for things of the spirit. Ours

is the obligation and the opportunity to nourish the soul.

President Hugh B. Brown and example. May we then progressively develop

I would like to say to you young men that those ivithin us those traits exemplified by him: kindof us who are growing older will pass on. We ness, unselfishness, forgiveness, modesty, loyalty,

must pass the torch to you. You must have the obedience, and love—the forgetting of ourselves

faith to hold it high. You have the authority and to think of others—to the end that we, too, may

will have greater priesthood than you have now, from our experiences and sufferings become perthose of you with the lesser priesthood; you will fect and be privileged to dwell with him in the

be expected to represent the Church, and in that presence of our Father in heaven.

representation you will represent the Lord. Elder Theodore M. Burton

Elder Henry D. Taylor A person can never give what he does not reWe regard the Lord as our everlasting pattern ceive. Unless we go to the house of the Lord taking

40 Era of Youth with us the influence and Spirit of God, we cannot poiver whereby he will be able to attract from his expect God to fulfill the oath and promise he made environment all of the elements necessary to beto those who really love and serve him out of the come even as God is.

abundance of their hearts.

President N. Eldon Tanner

Elder Sterling W. Sill We should know that the Lord stands ready to

Every human soul ivas created in the image of help his children if they will put themselves in

God, and each of us was endoived with a set of tune through prayer and by keeping his comthe attributes and potentialities of Deity. The mandments. In fact, the Lord has said: "I, the

greatest idea that I knoiv of in the tvorld is that Lord, am bound when ye do what I say; but when

everyone tvho lives the principles of the gospel of ye do not what I say, ye have no promise."(D&C

Jesus Christ tvill be given a far more miraculous 82:10.)

January 1968 41 Someday =,

'-r speed 7"/""'*P up "o''''s moral %!'*". to,eve/'"''nebody P'ead wiJI for a

mst migl, A"') somebody '""> to God. *"""devoEmerson saiU "j, How to theabotif?"'""o"oin to do world ',. *asy fa to,.

.fter the '"''y fo'-'ude""r'"'opmio.'',;to live';'"

"-e greatWithstand "* midst man"'''e'/."""Who<"-in. of

"''"'perfect swletn""'"'''P Social 'against "e grain of yoyour*, special life?

By Elaine Cannon You must, you know. Here are

five ways that work.

1. Make up your mind ahead

of time. f""how eh y

Consider WHY you have the standards you do. Go deeper

than merely saying, "Because Remember that vnu Heavenlyw I'm a Mormon."do MorWhy Father -vo". "'matches feel over mons as they do? Consider you,VOL ando lovesr will strnoiu what conies next if you should hen you

- succumb am. '"'-,}''Readou to the wrong kind ih of asain

.'"'P''scripture social pressure.

6:13.17. "wu. in PhesiansS 2. Have ready answers.

Think up clever, interesting, fun but firm things to reply when given an offer to lower your standards in any way. "My

computer says NO.""But I

might break out in a terrible rash!"get "... and grounded Sir..;""-Si"for a week?""Does a pay raise

come with it?"

3. Act with confidence. peace; Pel of

You may be nervous or em- o/i:ut::?;r ''''''

letbut don't it show. Don't hesiabie to

tate. quench r<h"'',"'"'"'""''""Just remember, of everyone the wicked

is NOT smoking or racing or petting or cheating.... YOU vation'a'nlM"""* Of sai.

are not! 4. Change the subject. iGod.">"* 'ord of

Refuse to take such a stupid offer seriously. Quickly move on

to another subject. Begin by

asking, "In how many languages can you sing *Silent Night'?"

"What do you know about the Mormons?"

L fDEivvER

Are there really Mormon teens all over the world?

What are Mormon youth like TheYoung in other places? How do they

look? What do they do for fun?

What kind of church life do they Mormons of have? Are there more girls than

boys?

These are some legitimate questions springing from youth Colorado with hearts reaching wider than their travels take them. Perhaps

you've had similar ideas cross 44 Era of Youth In the "Sobriety Shop"The gang at Larimer Square: in the Garden

Richard Yeates, Restaurant Gordon Moore. at the Square.

But come evening, these teens can dress with their own kind of sophistication. Properly and

prettily. Denver is a bigcity,

with big city advantages of concerts, theaters, and lectures.

Boulder, nearby, is a famous college town, and the quaint shops and interesting characters lining its busy streets are an important part of the world in which these teens grow up.

2. Where Do They Go?

They sightsee! Colorado is a

top tourist attraction in the United States. There are Pikes

Peak and the famous Red Rock amphitheater, where the Tabernacle Choir has sung. There are

the Botanical Gardens to browse in and learn about. There is newold Larimer Square—Denver's

answer to Chicago's Old Town and Arizona's Scottsdale. It's a

new restoration of the old pioneer city of Denver a century ago. Its smart art galleries and

picturesque stores are a great

your mind as you sit snug and its environs and meet the Eats(or behind):ahead

in your own world, wherever teens there. Sylvia Runyon, Clark

that may be, musing about your SharonHodgkinson,Pratt, LaneJim Mickelson, life as a Mormon teen. 1. How Do They Look? Wariner, and Richard Yeates.

Somehow it's comforting and The "Mile High City"teens strengthening, too, to know that have a look all of their own.

there are boys and girls in Hong Their cheeks glow with health

Kong, in Lima, in Taiwan, in and their eyes sparkle. Their

Alaska, in Amsterdam, and in manner is casual and straightDenver who are your very same forward. They're friendly and

age and whose ideals and probunaffected. The girls wear their

lems are similar to yours. You've hair in simple styles, and they

been told that they are there, all dress casually. They use little

right. You know their gospel makeup and are proud of their

standards and their religious strong, lithe figures.

beliefs. But what are they The boys are longlegged and

REALLY like, these teens in firm, with closecropped hair, another city, another land? wideopen eyes and alert expressions. One gets the feeling that

they can handle any situation.

Let's consider the Rocky They're rugged but well beMountain area. Let's pinpoint haved, too. They favor openColorado. Let's focus on Denver collared shirts and jeans.

January 1968 45 A doorway at Larimer SqCiare:

Clark Hodgkinson, Sylvia Runyon.

'""-"- '',-4

attraction and a keen influence 3. What Do They Do? thing to do in Colorado. They go

on young Coloradoans. A favoFor one thing, they play the to school dances but not to pubrite with Mormon youth is the guitar, same as you do. But their lic ones. And they favor home

to have a parties to the "night on theSobriety Shop—an ice cream songs are more apt

parlor decorated in the Victorian western flavor, in the mood of town"popular with nonmemmanner with a sign over the the wideopen range and the bers. Their social life is very

entrance proclaiming "Down campfire they sing around after Churchoriented. Rather than

With Demon Rum!"They visit a cookout in their rugged mounjoining outsiders, they bring the

the state capitol and wish they tains. These towering peaks nonmembers to Church funcall had a school facility as fabuseem to set the tone of their life. tions. Church facilities are

lous as the new John F. Kennedy They love horses, hiking, snow beautiful, new, spacious, and

JuniorSenior High School some skiing, and outdoor sports of all welcoming.

of them attend. kinds. There is always some46 Era of Youth

Linda Roper and Douglas Udy at Boulder.

selves, and the mission home echoes with the discussion groups missionaries hold for the contacts the Scott girls have brought home. It's common to

talk about: "How many discussions have you had?""When is

your baptism date?""How long

have you been a member?""My

roommate is amazed at the change the gospel has made in me.""President and Sister Scott

really understand young people.

It's great to be in their mission."

"I'm so glad I found the Church while I'm still young. Life is so

much better this way."

Kathy Flynn

and Roy Halladay and slippery boards.

4. What About Church Life? Denver Botanic

Besides the full Church proHeger,Gardens:Nancy Shafer,Debbie 1 w

gram (there are three stakes in Neal Henry, Howard Evans, the DenverBoulder area), there and Paul Young.

are vigorous mission programs involving many of the LDS teens. Western States Mission

headquarters are in Denver in a marvelous old mansion, which is the showoff spot in the architectural field there. President

and Sister Verl F. Scott have a

household of teenagers themJanuary 1968

Randy Wolfe, Doug Wyatt, Karen Micke/son, Kris Walker, and friends.

Their huge youth chorus Atop the

Era of Youth Cover: (about 300 voices) is rehearsing DenverPresidentmissionand home,Sister

Denver—NancyViewing the scenic sights of diligently for their special part Scott's children: Jackie,

Paul Young, Jim Shafer, in Tabernacle services in Salt Richard,Barbara,Paula,Colleen,Rhonda,and Im

Wariner, Clarl< Hodgkinson, Lake City during June ConferWendy, at right above.

Sylvia Lane Runyon, Pratt, ence. There is a full Church life,Mickelson, Sharon

KrisRichard Yeates, plus exciting friends, Mormon IndianbuffaloWalker, Mickelson, Karen thrilling at missionary activities, statue Wyatt,Randy Wolfe, Doug

Capitol: Alldredge,Janice Don spiritual and sweet in growth Paul Young Parker, BradChristensen, for the Rockies Evans. youth. Howard MormonValerie Steffenson, Linda

Roper, Douglas Udy, Neal Henry, Howard Evans, Debbie Heger.

I

As a topraiiKing teenager, LeeThomas Jackson Ailred, who

Ann Bingham holds the office of was born September 21, 1948, has "head girl"for the John F. Kenbeen active in scouting and school.

nedy High School. In many areas He has earned seven individual

this would correspond to the same awards and served as an officer in office as student body president. his priesthood quorums. A Duty to

LeeAnn had the honor of being a God award winner, he is an Eagle delegate at the National Student Scout. He attended seminary for

Council Leadership Conference at four years and was an honor stuCamp Cheley in Estes Park, Colodent in high school, where he rado, last August. served as science club treasurer and

Her interests are varied. She speech club vicepresident. He also

was chosen as Miss Photogenic of served on the student council, letProfile, the Kennedy High School tered in gymnastics, and was chosen yearbook. She was selected as as Junior Rotarian. Tom was named

Sweetheart of Key Club. She serves principal nominee to the United

with the rank of captain in the States Military Academy at West

Honorary Cadets of ROTC, and Point but declined this in favor of within this organization she has a scholarship to Brigham Young attained her ninth sharpshooter's University. He recently received a

bar on the girls'rifle team. She call to the Andes South Mission.

will represent her school this year as their queen candidate to the allcity military ball. She has found

the joy of dancing in Orchesis.

Along with her extracurricular activities, she also belongs to the

National Honor Society. LeeAnn presently serves as SunOn

day School librarian. One of her

favorite activities in MIA is drama, and she has had two leads in play productions. the

Scene with the Editors Attending a high school where The enthusiasm Debbie Birch of "An outstanding boy.""A fine

there are few LDS youth can be a Denver, Colorado, has for both the young man.""A credit to his famchallenge. That is the way it is at Church and school is an example of ily, his school, and his Heavenly

South High in Denver, Colorado how youth of the Church can dediFather."These are the things

but even though she is in the cate themselves to our Heavenly people who have met him say about minority, Rhonda Hanlin is active Father, have many friends, and 14year-old Lyle S. Hileman.

in both school and church. still be a top student and leader. Lyle is a leader. He has been

Besides being a member of pep Debbie is 17 years old. For two president of the deacons quorum,

club, she also belongs to South years she has been a member of the senior patrol leader in scouting,

High's girls'service club and the National Honor Society, and during president of his school choir, and

InterClub Council. She sings in the the summer of 1967, she was a "head boy"at the John F. Kennedy

concert choir, too. Girls'State representative. Junior High School, where there

Rhonda, who joined the Church Debbie plays the piano and cello are 1,500 students. He is a top stufive years ago, has earned four inand for three years has received dent in school and seminary.

dividual awards and was graduated superior ratings in the state solo A natural athlete and a very fine from seminary. She has been a and ensemble contest playing the gymnast, he has performed special

chorister for both Primary and cello. She loves to sing and is a exhibitions at the school basketball

Junior Sunday School. member of the concert and madrigames and has received many

gal choirs in school. In her senior honorary awards. He plays the

year she was elected to the coveted guitar whenever he has a few minposition of editorin-chief of the utes to spare, sometimes even when

Scott A. Monson recently rehigh school annual. She is a memhe could be cutting the lawn or

ceived an appointment as a midber of the pep club and is secretary making the bed!

shipman to the United States Naval of Orchesis, a modern dance club. Lyle is an active youth missionAcademy at Annapolis, Maryland, ary for the Church. He managed

because of his scholastic, athletic, to spend a good part of his Eagle and leadership abilities during high

Scout interview telling the board school. his Church duties and responsibilimembers, none of whom were LDS,

He earned letters in basketball, ties. Each year he has earned an about the Church.

football, and track, and was chosen individual award, and he's also been as a member of the allconference a faithful home teacher.

football team. He made the plebe football team

Scott is a leader. In many of the at Annapolis and considers Sunday

elementary grades he was class the best day of the week. He now

president, and was "head boy"in attends the Annapolis Ward.

junior high. In high school he was

choir president, sophomore class vicepresident, secretary of the student body, and pep king attendant.

Each year an award is given to the outstanding boy and girl in the junior class, and he received this award.

None of his outside activities were permitted to interfere with

50 Improvement Era... Now FREE GIFTS where you

Earn More on Insured Savings ----'-----'- at the historic Savings Corner in Salt Lake City --ytjfjyj

current rate on 4Zi#/j| Compounded semiannually. % Insured /% INSURED PASSBOOK SAVINGS

I IL Add to and withdraw to pass- / "book account as you wish.

Savings Insured to $15,000 yi All savings, certificate or passbook, at First

Certificates agencyFederal ofaretheinsuredU. S. Government.to $15,000 by a permanent Earnings paid 6 months4from issuance date. Save by Mail

Minimum amount: $2,500; thereafter in We provide envelopes and postage both ways.

multiples of $100.00. Outof-state transactions carried airmail.

Your choice of

These 2 Wonderful Gifts When you open, or add to, your savings account at First Federal

Savings for $200.

Limit: one gift per account.

Save at a federally chartered association with enduring strength. Imported Stainless 1 6-Piece Service Evensharp Carving Set

Heavyweight stainless in distinctive ManFive piece, extra heavy stainless steel knife

SAVE BY MAIL dalay pattern. Sturdy, jetblack ebonite set. Hollow ground "Magic Edge"blades

for stay years. safe, tested. sharp rivare automaticdishwasher Dishwasher handles To: 1st at FIRST FEDERAL Main SAVINGS

eted Stainless handles. knife steakknife blades perform'steel Serrated Permawood

Salt South, Lake 84101 City, Utah remains bright and shiny. duty. polyfoam Handy

is Enclosed or check in order my money tray. storage utility knife, knife, Q of settings, consisting Paring Q knife, each place Four

the of $ amount knife, slicer, roast slicer. French chef dessert spoon. fork, teaspoon and ham

Please open a Passbook Savings Account Q

Certificate Issue Savings Q Single account: Name of. )f ) )f )f Jf

Joint account: Names of (Include given names)

INSURED Please mail passbook or savings certificate to: FIRST

Name

Address City State Zip FEDERAL

Please send gift indicated: I I Evensharp Carving Set for $200 or more. SAVINGS

)fjfjf)f)f)f)f3f I I Imported Stainless Service for $200 or more.

and LoanAssociation Main at First South Salt Lake City, Utah 841 01 Where Thousands Have Saved Millions M. L. Dye, President

January 1968 51 Iflu5trafed by She/ry Thompson

eminineFlavored Teaching Godfrey W. Kenneth By

ChurchConductedSchoolbySystemthe of Religion Institute Alto Director, Palo Church History

Probably because our Church is history to stress the profound imseriously ill and was confined to priesthood centered, many good pact great Mormon mothers and bed in a covered wagon. After

teachers forget the great women wives have had on the Church and five days of rain and sleet while who have had an impact on Latterits leaders. This article will discamping at Sugar Creek, she beday Saint history. It is true that cuss some noteworthy incidents in came much worse.

the prophets have had the greatest the lives of Latterday Saint women The fifth night the storm ineffect on the Church and its memand how such experiences can help creased in its severity; Little

bers, but quiet, selfless mothers the Church history teacher. streams of water trickled through

exert a profound influence through Many Latterday Saints have the holes in the canvas stretched the home. It is difficult to imagine given up fame, fortune, and secuover the wagon, and kind friends

Joseph F. Smith becoming an aposrity for the Church. Orson Spenheld milk pans over the sick wife to

tle without a mother like Mary cer's wife, a college graduate, was catch the water and keep her from

Fielding, or Heber J. Grant attaincut off from former associations being drenched. Occasionally she

ing his prophetic calling without with prominent friends when she would look out through the openthe training he received in the publicly avowed Mormonism. Her ings in the wagon cover and see

home from a devoted, widowed parents become so embittered the lightning leap across the midmother. Joseph Smith's mother that they refused her admission night sky.

was among the first to believe his into their home and advised her The next morning a messenger account of the First Vision, which that they did not care to correspond arrived in camp from Nauvoo, must have been a great comfort to with her again. carrying a letter for Orson Spencer.

a boy of 14. Then came the year 1846, a year Previously Elder Spencer had writWhen Church leaders are seof great decisions. Latterday ten to his wife's parents to inform

lected, as much attention is freSaints had to leave fine homes and them of her ill health and requested quently given to the kind of wife productive farms and begin jourthat she be allowed to stay with the man has as to his own great neying a thousand miles to wrest them until she recovered. The

qualities. Thus it becomes im- a new home from a reluctant letter brought by the messenger

portant for every teacher of Church wilderness. Sister Spencer became contained their answer. There in

52 Improvement Era the cold, the mud, the barrenness, said in part, "You have been father also died at Camp Pisgah and in awful sickness, his wife recommended to me as being a after the Saints were driven from heard their reply. -They said she saint of the latter days and worthy Nauvoo. Deaths were so frequent

might be welcomed back if she of my attention. One that I could that it was difficult to find people

would denounce her faith. Should take comfort with and could take well enough to bury the dead.

she refuse, there was no place for comfort with me."After arriving in the Great Basin,

her in their home. When Sarah received this letter, Sister Huntington taught school

Sister Spencer listened to the she was concerned and seriously and became known for her philanletter but murmured not a word. desired to do the right thing. She thropic deeds. At the death of

As her husband completed it, she knelt in prayer and asked the will Eliza R. Snow, she was sustained

turned to him and in a very weak of the Lord regarding her problem. as the general president of the

voice asked him to get his Bible Then turning to the family Bible, Relief Society. Her life was one

and read to her from the sixteenth she let it fall open and, without of great devotion and love for the verse of the first chapter of Ruth. looking, put her finger on a verse, Church.

Complying, he read, "And Ruth sincerely believing that the text said, Intreat me not to leave thee, beneath would answer her diffior to return from following after culty, She, too, read the sixteenth thee: for whither thou goest, I will verse of the first chapter of Ruth; A New Beginning

go; and where thou lodgest, I will she married the man, Charles C. By Zara Sabin

lodge: thy people shall be my Rich, and it could almost truth-

])eople, and thy God my God."fully be said, "They lived happily Today is new,

As he ceased reading, a calm, ever after."a new beginning.

peaceful smile spread over the How many young people today What matters last week's, lovely, refined face of his wife. go to the Lord in prayer regarding last year's winning

Her eyelids drooped and closed in their marriage and then have the or losing, if I can take this gift sweet, peaceful sleep. She was faith to abide by the answer they time—dead. But her faith helped Elder receive? Many Latterday Saints of life and this precious gift—

Spencer, and retelling the story can could learn a lesson in trust from ivith hope and faith, help many young Latterday Saints 17year-old Sarah Pea.

to do, to see, as they make momentous decisions Zina D. Huntington Young, for what the Master saith:

of their own in a twentieth century many years president of the Relief "Come, follow me.

world. Society of the Church, was said to

Another great Mormon woman be a perfect example of the teachwas influenced by the Book of ings of Paul in 1 Corinthians 13;

Ruth. Sarah Pea, 17, who lived in yet, with all her tenderness and

Looking Glass Prairie, Illinois, was exquisite delicacy of motive and In the Salt Lake Valley, women converted to the Church. Her act, there was a sturdy strength continued to play an important role

father, a Methodist circuit rider, about her that made up the heroic in Mormon life. Leah Ivins

and her mother also joined. The part of her character. It is related Cardon, daughter of Anthony W.

father and mother desired that of her that on one occasion she was Ivins, tells an incident that haptheir daughter marry within their told that a certain woman did not pened while she lived in Mexico newly found faith. Missionaries like her, whereupon she replied, with her parents. She relates that

frequently spent the night at the "Well, I love her, and she can't the most thrilling story of her

Pea home, and on at least two help herself."childhood involved a young girl

occasions Sarah was told that there Many people today could profit who stood on a bed of coals withwas a man within the Church from her example and learn to act, out a murmur until her feet burned whom she should marry. not react. We should not allow black and curled up under her,

When the missionaries next met others to determine our behavior. rather than betray her boyfriend

the young man they had described, Aunt Zina, as she was called, saw into the hands of the Mexican they infonned him that there was her mother die because of the army.

a young lady living in Looking severity of the Missouri persecuShe also relates how her Aunt

Glass Prairie, Illinois, whom he tions. The other members of the Maggie Bentley took a little baby

should marry. Taking their advice, family were so ill that only two of and his four brothers and sisters

he wrote her a letter in which he them could attend the funeral. Her into her home and heart following

January 1968 53 Looking for a Publisher!

We publish books for the religious and academic fields that meet the exacting demands of scholarship. Our special

imprint, Testament Books is reserved for deserving v/orks of scholarship in the religious field. the death of their mother, "Aunt Fort Laramie, they placed mother

fiction with Years of experience and Gladys."Instead of six in the in an old log house, which had no

nonfiction interest (fields of general religion), texts, biogand Americana, family, she now had 11. Two doors or windows. There I was

raphies, scholarly works, poetry and essays, enable us to publish books that months later she rode up the steep left with a helpless mother, a sick are expertly edited, designed ond promoted. dugway to the top of the hill, her baby, and all the children to take

inquiries Your and manuscripts are inown little son in a tiny white box care of. There were seven in the

vited. report furnished An editorial

without obligation. beside her. In her arms was Aunt family. Though only twelve years

FREE: factfilled, Two

chures explain the behindthe-scenes'illustrated broGladys'baby.- old, I was up nearly every night

story of publishing, describe our first George Q. Cannon's wife prewith the sick baby. Father had to

plan, edition ond present a breakdown of contract terms and typical costs. served the body of her firstborn son work at the Fort for our bread....

Please write to Dept. 80A so he could be brought back from "I am sure, however, that the

EXPOSITION PRESS San Francisco for burial in Zion. Lord was with us and blessed us.

386 Park Ave., S, New York, N.Y. 10016 Then, while en route to Salt Lake One day, as I was frying bacon, I

City, her second child, who was poured the hot grease into a cup

Stone is $9.95 only a baby, died. Both children and set it upon a high shelf. My

7"X 9". ppd. were brought to the valley and little brother, nine years old, wanttearfully buried. Yet her faith reing a drink, reached up for the

mained secure, and she lived to cup and spilled the hot grease on bear other children and raise a his face. I grabbed the bucket

fine family. of water and threw it on him. The

Elizabeth I. Pulsipher, who hot grease left no sign of a burn."'SCRIPTURE STONE

crossed the plains when she was Several Gentiles tried to persuade

Book of Mormon Visual Teaching Aid 12 years old, recounted her experiher father to abandon his effort to

Scripture stone is "external evidence of ences as follow: gather to Zion and to go back to

story. Tree of Life and Book of Mormon the "We went up the Missouri River Omaha with them. The night besealed of reproduction Authentic

eightfoot stone discovered in Mexico. to Fort Leavenworth, where we fore thev were to leave. Mother

Wells by Booklet Dr. M. Jakeman, BYU, met the ox teams. I do not rePulsipher had a dream, or vision, in

for this decorative uses included. Many

piece. member how many days we travwhich a man came and stood by

EL MONTE CHARITABLE eled before Mother was run over. her bed and told her not to go

ENTERPRISES She was leaning out of the wagon back, but to go to Zion. This man El Monte, Calif. 91731 3222 Utah Ave.,

to call father to come take the had long white hair and a beard.

baby, as the driver wanted her to He told the mother that there walk, when her feet slipped and would be two ox trains the next t she was run over and severely day, and one of them would take

I injured. We traveled on four days the entire family to Salt Lake City.

X I ne "poolifri man c-eek? happiafter she was hurt. Arriving at The next day when the wagon

ne?? in diftcince; i;ne wl?e mar,

N grow? it under ni? feet. y Mending this pitcher makes me realize

—v Jcime? Cppenneri; \ That everyone is

Either a mender or a nonmender.

A child will work with his

it out. or help, For throw &RY

to repair will excuses find I DESEIRETm Toy that is broken clumsily, and ask man A

Mending This Pitcher Old favorites, or doubt THOUGHT FOR THE MONTH

CUT OUT & ADD TO YOUR COLLECTION That any tinkering woidd be of use. By Elaine V. Emans

A woman sees the good Of mending anything from bric-a-brac

IN USE FOR OVER 75 YEARS To broken hearts that could

Aids in treatment of simple sore Be made to sing again, or doesn't see it.

throat and other minor mouth and Mending this pitcher, now, throat irritations. I like to think whatever 's in disrepair

Could be improved.somehow.

HALL'S REMEDY Salt Lake City, Utah

54 Improvement Era integrity These men of came to take the family back to

Omaha, the mother emphatically declared that she would not go. keep your money The first ox train arrived but was SAFE

too loaded to take the family with them. The captain of the second told the father the same thing. All profitable and available

the mother said was, "We're going."

Finally a wagon returned and needed. the stricken family departed for when

their home in the mountains. The

mother was still so sick from her injuries that it was difficult to travel. Elizabeth was required to LI')

hold her little sister, who was extremely ill, and on the third day the child died. Washing the body,

B. M. CANiON it MARK T. WILLIAM COCKAYNE clothing sewing it, and

Director VicePres.GARFF Director Director into CLARENCEPresidentDirectorH, TINGEY GEORGE Attorney Church Chairman, cloth, there coffin because was no UtahIdahoVice-President, Sugar Co. Building L.D.S.Committee

in which to bury the lifeless body, x'were the tasks of Elizabeth, not yet in her teens. The mother walked, "V*3f* wf

for the first time since her accident, to the small grave, and following the funeral she continued walking the rest of the way to the valley.*

B. A, J. MURDOCK BROWN FRANKLIN HUGH FRED EMERSON BAKER L. HARDY to In addition thrilling numerous

Director Director Presidency VicePresident Bureau L.D.S. Murdock DirectorTravel ViceChairman,stories of faith FirstL.D.S. Church courage, Bldg. Committee Church and many

other interesting and important items regarding the Church's hisConservative, sound, careful judgment is assured in the Board of tory can be learned from women. Directors of Deseret Federal Savings and Loan. For 62 years, DFS

For example, Margaret Mclntire has been directed by outstanding men of integrity who have created an enviable record of growth, service and dependability. Open yourBurgess gives us an intimate

savings at account Deseret Federal now earns your where money savingsglimpse into the Prophet Joseph's more, and where safe to are insured $15,000 by a permanent private life. As a child, she lived U.S. Government Agency.

next door to him and his wife WORTH CHANGING FOR - states: in Nauvoo andEmma

"The Prophet was often in our DFSpoundedcurrentlysemiannually,pays Va% 430/on SAVINGSon PASSBOOKCERTIFICATES,SAVINGScomhome for short visits. One mornACCOUNTS... and you can SAVE BY MAIL! DFS pays

ing he came in and he noticed I postageaccount. both ways. Write for signature cards to open your

had a piece of flannel around my throat. He inquired if my throat

was sore. Mother told him it was,

it sheand afraid was the 4% was /4% current insured rate on rate on insured calledmumps. him, took He me to DFS CERTIFICATES. SAVINGS SAVINGS. PASSBOOK <6kMkg currentDFS A his lap, flannel took the uponme

off and asked mother for the oil.

He anointed my throat with the oil and then he administered to me. I knew I was well, as I got

down from his lap after which I felt no more sore throat...."

She further relates that one

January 1968 55 Nauvoo spring day she was walkthe company of Brother Heber C. much—they were dark in color, and

ing to school with her brother Kimball. He also knew that his hard as metal, and the cloth they

when they got stuck in the mud. mother would follow with her little were wrapped in was petrified."

As the little boy began to cry, he family sooner or later. But he was Sister Pratt also stated that conlooked up and saw the Prophet. startled to hear the voice of his gregational singing was the favorite

He carried them out o the mire uncle William Smith lifted in anger part of the Sabbath day worship and then took his handkerchief and with his beloved mother for perfor her as a little girl. Such songs

wiped the tears from their eyes, mitting John to be spirited away. as "The Spirit of God Like a Fire

cleaned the mud from their shoes, The boy heard his uncle demand Is Burning,""Now Let Us Rejoice,"and sent them on to school the return of the patriarch's son; "Glorious Things of Thee Are

rejoicing. and as the mother quietly and Spoken,""Redeemer of Israel,"

On another occasion the Prophet firmly refused, he became abusive and "There's a Feast of Fat Things came to Sister Mclntire and asked in his language, and the boy longed for the Righteous Preparing"were to borrow one of her babies. The for maturity in order that he might as familiar to her as "her daily

mother exclaimed, "Why, Brother defend his helpless mother. Still, breath"and were sung from the

Joseph, what do you want with one Mary Fielding Smith remained heart.'*

of my babies?"firm and unshaken in her allegiance Speaking of music, the greatest

"Well,"he replied, "I want one to the gospel and accepted without singer in Nauvoo was Susan Deof them for my wife, to comfort question the succession of the vine, sisterin-law of William Pitt, her."Twelve to the leadership of the the leader of the brass and string

He talked with the mother and Church.*'bands of Nauvoo. A Mrs. Pitchshe finally told him he could have One Mormon woman, Mary Ann forth was an accomplished pianist

one baby (she had twins) through Winters, used to gather wild who went from house to house the day if he would bring it back flowers to decorate the graves of giving melodeon, piano, and organ at night. So the bargain was made, dead loved ones in the spring of lessons in Nauvoo. She taught the

and the Prophet smiled with gratithe year. This was a long time families of John Taylor and Heber

tude. One evening the baby was before May 30 was proclaimed a C. Kimball. And one of the most

not brought home at its usual time, national holiday. Sister Winters famous Mormon writers of hymns

The mother, worried, went to see said she thought it a shame that was Eliza R. Snow, an extremely

what was the matter, and found the graves of all the dead were so gifted woman.

Joseph Smith sitting by the fire neglected, and that it would be a The Church has produced a rocking the young girl. He had fine thing if there were a special galaxy of women singers of varied

her wrapped up in a little silk quilt day set apart for everybody to go rank and power. Among them, in

and was singing to her. and fix up the graves and plant early days, were such women as

These three incidents portray the them with flowers."Elizabeth Ann Whitney, Mary

love and reality of the Prophet Mary Ann Stearnes Pratt reported Ellen Kimball, Melissa Jane Bigler better than a thousand sermons. that while living in Kirtland, Ohio, Lambson, Sophia Goodrich Hardy,

Another interesting insight into she was shown the Egyptian mumEmily Partridge and Emmeline B.

our history concerns the difficulties mies. "When I saw them,"she Wells. Hazel and Margaret Tout

of Mary Fielding Smith after the said, "they frightened me very became successful singers of light death of her husbapd, Hyrum Smith, and the departure of the

Saints for the Great Basin. One

day her son Joseph F. Smith, who Busy Signal

was just a boy, sat in the upper chamber of their Nauvoo home By Maureen Cannon into which ran the pipe of the Cradling it, crooning, curled tight as a snail;

sitting room stove below, thus makCuddling it lovingly, secretly; pale

ing it possible to hear distinctly the Hair like a shield, like a gossamer veil;

voices of those in the sitting room. Whispering wisdoms and whimsies she's known

The boy knew that his brother (Eve in the garden, Eternal Female!)

John had left secretly, or at least Ever since yesterday. My, how she 's grown!

quietly, with the first refugees in Jan, our teenager, is using the phone.

56 Improvement Era A GROUND FLOOR INCOME OPPORTUNITY opera, and Nannie Tout had a voice h\t\( HERE IS AN OPPORTUNITY to have a business requiring well under that many beHeved quahfied her $2500 to $5000 (depending on size of your marketing area).

This business can be started on a parttime basis earning $200 to for the opera, but she gave up her $600 monthly with only 4 to 6 days effort per month required.

promising career to raise a family.'-* Your investment can be recovered within 6 to 9 months.

Among Church singers, Emma Lucy Gates was supreme. Of inWe have recently completed a 16month market test with remarkable

results proving NEED, SAVINGS, ACCEPTANCE and PROFITABILITY.

ternational fame, her talent placed The product, a basic food staple which is in daily use in the home, her among the greatest sopranos greatly reduces food budgets and is a popular food storage item.

this world has produced. With a inIn totalour product,family acceptance.TASTE, EXCEPTIONALLY GOOD TASTE, has resulted

range of over three octaves, her silver notes were as true and as WE ARE NOW PREPARED TO OFFER in the first quarter of 1968 a few "free as a carolling bird's.""Miss charter dealerships to qualified individuals or groups capable of

Gates had the distinction of being coupleresponsiblemoneyorganizationwith effort. andThis management,is a sound andwithneededa willingnessactivity whichto

the first Utah singer who attained will bear thorough investigation.

to grand opera. She was the prima

donna of the Berlin and Cassell Immediate response desirable to schedule personal interview in

Royal opera houses. yourairmailareaspecialat earliestgiving possiblebrief resumedate. WIREof yourREPLYbusiness(nightandletter)familyor

Among women instrumentalists status, to who achieved places of distinction THE were Sybella Clayton, pianist, and

Romania Hyde, violinist. Sister

Clayton studied in Germany and was said to have almost a mascurOPPORATION C line touch on the piano, combined with a delicacy of expression that Suite 1100, University Club BIdg, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 was at the time almost unsurpassed.

This list, of course, only scratches the surface of the number of great Preserve the Inspiration of

Mormon women musicians.

their also played have Women role history of The Improvement Era in terms in Mormon the theatrical arts. Such women as In Beautifully Bound Volumes

Edith Clawson, Lottie Claridge, The Mountain West's finest bindery and and Birdie Cummings, through printing house is prepared to bind your their magnificent portrayals, brightcollected Improvement Eras into fine ened many a cold winter evening hard cover volumes. Mail or bring the

for residents of Salt Lake City. editions you wish bound to the Deseret

News Press.And Mormons turned out en masse

to watch such famous actresses as 12 issues in hard cover $3.90. Advance

Julia Dean Hayne, for whom Brigpayment must accompany all orders ham Young had a special sleigh Please include postage if volumes are built, which required six horses to to be returned by mail.

draw. The famous Maude Adams Add $1.00 if Binding is to be billed.

stole not only many scenes but also Subject to Utah State tax where applicable.

the hearts of Salt Lakers with her POSTAGE RATE FROM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH delicate and sentimental perZone 5 -1.20

formances in the old Salt Lake 1 & 2 75 6 -1.45

Theatre.'- 34 9883 78 -1.70.1.95

Mrs. John Sharp, when only a

young girl, did so well the first time she recited that she was inOESI vited to perform before President

1600 Empire Road Salt Lake City, Utah 84104

January 1968 57 Temples and the Latterday Saints Brigham Young and other Church women in the progress of the dignitaries at a meeting of the Church can enliven his lessons by aiHttl!eLittef<t(vS;iirits Polysophical Society. She was viewing its history through their

rather terrified at the thought, but eyes.

a new white dress convinced her It becomes easy to identify with that she should render "The our pioneer women as we hear of

Drunkard's Child"before this awewilling sacrifices they made for the some group. gospel's sake. We can see great en-

"When the great occasion arduring faith in the Savior. We can

rived, the hall was soon filled to visualize death, sorrow, and lonelioverflowing, and many had to be ness that were met, conquered, and turned away. The program lasted faced again because of a devotion

per copy for some hours; and then there was to a cause these women knew was

for 25 or more a recess: then more program. No true. We can capture a glimpse

Fullpage, fullcolor pictures of all one thought to call upon the child into the happiness of a pioneer existing temples early, so that, when her turn came, dance after a hard day in the fields,

Numerous fourcolor pictures of she was awakened from a sound the joy of a new birth, the happitemple interiors sleep—her head pillowed on her ness and sorrow of a departing

Purpose The of Temples—President neighbor's arm—by hearing her missionary son or father. David O. McKay

The LDS Concept of Marriage—own name called. Dazedly she We can receive new insight into

President Hugh B. Brown recollected that she was to recite motives that led people to give up

Ancient—SidneyTemplesB. Sperryand Their Functions ThemomentDrunkard'swas on herChild,'feet bowingand in toa fruitfulfertile fieldstrees,at lovelythe requesthouses,of andthe

Order from President Young and other authoriProphet and to build anew in a ties. She finished her long selecvirgin, alien land. We struggle with

tion without missing a word or a them through the pain and anguish gesture, turning her dark brown of lonely childbirth, the dreary eyes to heaven and pleading with davs of work and toil that somehow 79 South State Street Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 her hands. As she completed the were not dreary or lonely because

last lines: of socials, meetings, and farewells.

Planning to Buy or Rent in "'Amongst millions of earth, not And when we are through and

WASHINGTON, DC AREA? one friend can I claim, the lesson is taught, we find that

To wipe off my tears or to call our own life has changed and we Booklet: DESTINATION

WASHINGTON packed me by name. too have greater faith and deterwith information. Write On my cold bed of straw, I will mination, in the words of Ruth May

Mrs. Jeannie Beck, LDS. lie down and die. Fox, to "carry on."

6013 Leewood Dr. Alex., And my prisonfilled soul will FOOTNOTES

Va. 703971-5340, ascend upon high, WasNichola.sMade,"G.TheMorgan,Improvement"And Era,Thus Vol.History43

OR contact When Jesus in accents of mercy (1940),"Leah p.Ivins399.Cardon, "The Land of Manana,"

St. 508N. Washington so mild 13133.

Elizabeth r'rowellCOMPANY Alex., The Improvement Era, Vol. 37 (1934), pp. Va. 22314 Will comfort forever the poor Hi.story,"The I.ReliefPulsipher,Society "AnMagazine,AmazingVol.Life15

pp. 38990. REALTORS Phone:703549-1675 drunkard's child.'(1928),*Ihid.

"There was a storm of applause Israel,"'MargaretThe ReliefMclntireSocietyBurgess,Magazine,"MothersVol. in5

that sent her scurrying to her (1918),"Susa Youngpp. 1415.Gates, "Mothers in Israel,"The

Relief Society 131. Vol. Magazine, 3 (1916),

in A. Stearnes Winters, "Mothersp. "Mary MONEYWE PAY CASH FOR NOTHING mother. She was so frightened that Israel,"Vol. Society Relief Magazine, 4 The

in Sister she her buried 42728. Nespp. head (1917),but written opinions, your about fronn home

Pratt, "ReminisStearnes Frost "Mary Ann ofsamples our clients'to products. Nothing len's lap: either Society nor the cences,"Vol. 3 could Relief Magazine, The

sell, canvass or learn. NO SKILL. NO EXPERI- (1916), p, 432.

Relief mother's or her ""Music in the persuathe Church and Just honesty. DetailsENCE. from: RESEARCH applause,

Society Vol. Relief Magazine, Thein 2

669, Mineola, N. Y. 11501, Depf. DN21 sion, prevail the child 43839. to Society,"(1915), upon lojbid., pp.p. 440.

"Ibid. Be an Architectural come out and give an encore, or Horace

bow."'''a even Era, Theatre,"Improvement Vol, 18 Lake The DRAFTSMAN G. Whitney, "The Story of th! Salt 790. 508, 686, 580, pp. (1915), (see rained Draftsmen big |obs lOOOs pay open lof It that the apparent becomes of Labor Dept "Reminiscences Mrs. Ramona Cannon, "helpwanted"adsincitypapers)US

""4 next years 10 soys Draftsmen needed 2% more Sharp,"Relief Society Vol. Magazine, The

fiomeplan study time stepby-slep Easy spare teacher role the of John who remembers 35051. 13 pp. (1926),

security, fias fielped beginners 100s toward $S$$, prestigel for Career not Send you? Why

Kit"Drafting Instrument "DraftingAM 5-Way No & new will oge. callG, Write salesman I approved. & slateFree!

SCHOOL AMERICAN NORTH Dr., Depl. 1 3 S 1, Newport, 4500 OF DRAFTINGCalif. 92560 Campus

improvement Era Fblly into IbmilyFan

By Quinn G. McKay

"Lcf us all he happy and live bishop in a state of dejection. families seemed to manage on no

within our means, even if loe have "Bishop, we've tried to get out of more. Bishop Barton, with the help

to borrow the money to do it."—debt,"he began, "but we can't of Brother Harrison, first listed all

Artemus Ward. even make ends meet. I've chided of the family's monthly obligations,

Brother Harrison had been conmy family not to spend so much, such as house and automobile paycerned abont liis financial problems but it doesn't seem to do any good. iTKMits, medical bills, payment on

for some time. Pie recalled with I'm two months past due on my car water softener, payment for food

embarrassment the times he had payments, and we don't even have plan, gas bills for car, utilities, and criticized his wife for being too enough to fill the car with gas so I all other items.

free with money when she \\'ent can drive to work. Ill have to After comparing expenses and

shopping. But when Sister Harricharge the gas again. Could you salary, the bishop said, "Why, your

son revie\\'ed her food expendicome over and see what is wrong?"monthly obligations total $140

tures and household supply purMonday night the bishop visited more than your monthly takehome chases, he was ashamed because it the Harrisons. Michael Harrison

was obvious that she was being was making a modest salary, but it "Oh, that can't possibly be true!

frugal. As to the food budget, perwas apparently not enough for his There must be a mistake,"Brother

haps it was even questionable if tlK> family to live on, even though other Harrison said in disbelief. After

family were eating properly.

One Sunday night, Bishop BarDr. Quinn G. McKay, dean of the division of business and economics at Weber

State College, Ogden, Utah, has a rich professional background in human beton admonished the ward members havior, business policy, and personnel management, and has served in advisory to "get out of debt."After meeting. capacity in Nigeria and Burma. He is bishop of the Ogden 72nd Ward.

Brother Harrison approached the

January 1968 59 * SOUTH AMERICA 30 DAYS—JANUARY 30 DEPARTURE

* HOLY LAND reviewingback bewildered,the figures twice,murmuring,he sat 21 DAYS—APRIL 8 DEPARTURE "How could that have happened?

could that ]iossibly have SOUTH PACIFIC CIRCLE happened?"How

30 DAYS—JUNE 6 DEPARTURE Sound far fetched? It is an actual

Three Great Tours Put Together By The Professionals case; only the names have been

disguised. Recently a lawyer who

regularly handles personal bankTRAVEL, MURDOCK INC. ruptcies told the author, "This is Street 14 South Main

Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 the same storv I hear over and over

Please send me information about again.

Pacific How does it happen? The recipe (g) South America [J Holy Land Q South

Name is in a simple sixword phrase: It's

MURDOCK Address easy to say "Charge it."Handling

TRAVEL City State Zip.... credit and credit cards is a difficult

thing for many people. It is true

that credit cards and charge accounts are convenient, and those

convenience. Howthe afford can SAVERS!NEW! who have no financial problems FOOD MONEY & of purchase, many time ever, at the

( DESERET GRINDER \ > idea VERY GRINDS out the blank GRINDING! (Fine enough psychologically FINE FLOUR V/ITH ONE

i even for cake!) Easily adjustable for cereal. Grinds finer flour easier

other than the grinder small any hand on market today. For use that one day soon there must be *""1> "rice, etc. corn, oats, nuts, beans, with wheat,

for to interest pay plus $11.95* F.O.B., Ship. S.L.C 13 lbs. wt. money \\)i

GRINDER, LARGER MODEL 2 MC \I just often too purchases. They

lb,. offices) F.O.B., (mailable S.L.C, to 2nd and 3rd class post 30 I

$23.95* it I /J\1.'W".jl get can think, "I it, and want I /

H BREADMASTER,| it is \"- DOUBLE card."credit Then my Full for with capacity; holds minutes. 12quart in 5 dough dough Kneads

V lid. solid surelock loaves. Lifetime pail and aluminum to 4 Jj\ get it to by saying them easy for to table. Pail rod. guarantee. 2-year steel mixing clamps 1Stainless

Ship. wt. 7 lbs $21.95* "Charge it."

$12.95* (Tin plated) MODEL CAMCO

in arguments are some There X Ship. wt. 7 lbs. "H City, include postage. *F.O.B. Salt Lake Sk

or other credit forms of of t'tax. favor sales Include residents Utah IBlB 3V2%

PERMAPAK ALSO OFFERS borrowing, but for many people "i.r CompleteComplete andline ofeconomicalfreezedriedfamilyand fooddehydratedstorage campingplans foods there are serious dangers that are

for rates club church and f Special groups too easily overlooked. Some of free literature information and Write for -rtf

Of* GrinderSend yourto: order for Breadmixer, Deseret Grinder or 2 MC Model these are:

1. Little psycho]o'icol restraint.

contact: The Viheat California Residents of Southern store 1"13 salesmen |WI|3X3| Some department|3 California Stanton, Ave., Kernel, Katella 90680 7554PiaiMEERs PRODUCTS IN PREPAPEDNEss told him have of the writer friends 8288421 Phone 6351352,IHHMHHBIiBHHHHHIHaaai

40 E. 2430 South, Salt Lake City, Utah 84115 that whenever they can find out if

a customer is using a charge ac50 usually sell him can FOOD STORAGE than percent to 100 more 50 fOOD STORAGE percentcount, they

BOOKLET he had planned to purchase. Cash We feature all sizes of steel and

fiberboard containers for food storWhat Should We Store? customers, they say, are not so

age. Storing to Prevent Spoilage easily persuaded. This points up

Notes on Specific Foods the fact that use of cash or even a

SPECIAL Rotate Your Perishables, Etc. checkbook exercises a degree of

New 5-gallon lined pails can be restraint that credit cards Group Rates Available healthy nested for shipping. $1.98 lack.

Mail orders filled. Inquiries for other W. D. BATCHELOR 2. Credit is costly. Interest rates sizes welcomed.

61 Beacon Ave. CO. BARREL AMERICAN obloans for houses can be 84041 on UTAH 5th West, Salt Utah LAYTON, Lake City, 49 So. locale, the tained, depending upon

60 Improvement Era for around 6y2 to 'IVz percent. But 10 cases Between 31 and 100 ably, the terms are strictly cash."-

most consumer credit is considerpercent If a family is having no trouble ably more; common interest rates 8 cases Between 101 and 619 with their finances, presumably

are 12 to 36 percent per year, and percent they are handling credit all right rates charged by loan sharks and and need not woriy. However, if

pawnbrokers may even be as high People who ignore costs of making ends meet is difficult, a as 500 percent and more. money will nearly always be payclose look at credit buying is in

Sadly, most people hardly think ing others to use their money when, order. There are two suggestions;

of the cost of money at all; they if they had used selfrestraint and 1. Draw up a plan that will get

think of the amount only in terms wise savings, they could have you out from underneath the of "equal monthly installments."others paying them. monthly payment burden. You

Potential lenders may advertise 3. It is psychologicaUy bad to must first arrange to avoid incur-

"low monthly payments,"and the still be paying, for something that ring any more monthly payment buyer more often than not will say is already used up or worn out. To purchases. Move to cash. Then set

to himself, "It is only $6.14 per be paying for a vacation months up a systematic monthly payment

month,"without any thought that after it has been enjoyed tends to plan that will, within a certain many times he will be paying tarnish its memories. Saving ahead time schedule, eliminate all install-

$118.00 for an item that would only and letting the bank pay for part ments except house payment and

cost $100.00 had he paid cash. That of the cost (interest on savings) utilities. This may be hard to do

extra 18 percent {V-k percent per leads to a much better vacation. alone, but your bishop may be able

month) needlessly consumes a lot Having all vacation bills paid to suggest someone in your ward of the family budget. If most thing;; when the vacation is over is more who knows how to manage fiare bought on Wz percent per pleasurable than a bad monthly nances and who can supply the

month, then by switching to cash payment aftertaste. necessary expertise. Don't be afraid

and eliminating credit buying, the 4. "You need to charge in order to ask for help before a crisis arises.

consumer could pay his tithing and to establish credit in case you need Be prepared for a few months of still have extra left over. it some day"is an argument often belt tightening until your financial

Why pay others for use of their used to justify credit buying. If house is in order.

money at 18 percent or 36 percent that is why you charge a fev 2. Today it seems that one must

a year when, by putting it in a things, all right—do it deliberately; either save or borrow. "Show me

savings account instead, you can but don't use that as a coverup for one without savings and I'll show earn 5 percent and save 18 to 36 having to charge something bevou one in debt"is almost a truism.

percent interest expense, for a net cause of poor financial manageFor almost any family, unexpected gain of 23 to 41 percent? ment. expenditures arise from time to

If you must borrow or buy on Personal bankruptcies are intime. Where there are no savings,

credit, calculate the cost. The cost, creasing at an alarming rate. There borrowing or credit is inevitable.

which is as much as or more than is probably more than one cause, A sound savings program is irrethe monthly payments, is what but one of the important causes is, placeable in smoothing out the breaks the family budget. Adverno doubt, the easv credit that can roughest financial seas and bringtised cost is not always the real be obtained by almost anyone but ing calm and security to a home.

cost. One should be careful to add that is properly handled by very Every Latterday Saint family

up all the costs. In one state, a few. Disturbingly, we seem to live should be on guard not to let the

government committee investiin the "chargeit,""monthly pay- "It's easy to say charge it"philosgated 105 cases in which six percent ment"age. ophy spread distress and discord

was quoted as the rate, but the "The ordinary life cycle in the in their family. Let savings provide

actual rates were: United States starts with a laythe oil that keeps the family

1 case 6 percent away plan in the baby department finances running smoothly and 6 cases Between 7 and 10 of a convenient store, wends its way quietly, and don't allow the unforepercent past the diamond counter of a seen to disrupt the harmony in 61 cases Between 11 and 20 credit jeweler, finds credit beneath the home. O

FOOTNOTES percent an F.H.A. mortgage and is evenColien iind Hanson, Personal Finance (Ir19 cases Between 21 and 30 tually laid to rest in a timepayment win.-Penn1960),Kimball,p. 98. "Cradle to Grave on Easy

percent cemetery plot. After that, presumTerms,"1952, p. New15. York Times Magazine, June 1,

January 1968 61 The need for spiritual strength among men in military service in time of war is a selfevident fact, and one of the principal reasons why most presentday military services maintain a chaplain corps in order that representatives of various faiths may serve men of all faiths as well as of their own. At present, there are 27

Latterday Saint chaplains in active U.S. military service (14 Army, 10 Air Force, 3 Navy) and 20 in the

military reserve and national guard units. Representing their fellow LDS chaplains in the following interview are: Lt. Col. Timothy H. Irons (Army) of Nephi, Utah, stationed at Fort Bliss, Texas; Capt. Wayne E.

Kuehne (Army) of Salt Lake City, stationed in Vietnam; Capt. Arnold T. Ellsworth (Army) of Murray, Utah,

recently returned to the U.S. from Korea; Capt. Crozier K. Fitzgerald (Air Force) of Mesa, Arizona, stationed

in Ramstein, Germany; Major James R. Palmer (Air Force) of Tremonton, Utah, stationed in Japan; Lt.

Thomas R. Pocock (Navy) of Logan, Utah, stationed in Vietnam; Lt. Richard F. Wood (Navy) of Salt Lake

City, stationed at Norfolk, Virginia.

*"!'* t v* "*t

V Capt. Ellsworth mMCapt. Fitzgerald Lt. Col. Irons Capt. KuehneAd,Maj. Palmerk Lt. Pocock Lt. Wood

The Era Asks About Latterday Saint Servicemen

"The commonly held view is that our servicemen

are in a sinkhole—This is far from true."

Lt.Q—From your observation, are Latterday Saint Pocock—There are many outof-theway bases

chaplains or services available to all LDS boys in the where an LDS group is not functioning. Particumilitary? larly is this the case when all the ships of the navy

Col. Irons—In all areas with which I am acare taken into consideration, but by contacting any

quainted, where there are large numbers of servicechaplain, other LDS boys may be found if aboard men, Latterday Saint services are available. However, ship or on base.

regular contact with LDS chaplains is not available Capt. Kuehne—A schedule of LDS services is, as

to most of our servicemen. When there is a strong a rule, published weekly—or may be published at

need for the services of an LDS chaplain, the local anyone's request—in the unofficial section of the

or unit chaplain will do his best to contact an LDS division or post bulletins. The bulletin is required

chaplain. But the practice of having our LDS servicereading. Amazingly enough, however, I frequently

men organize their own groups and authorizing them find that our members do not read these bulletins.

to find each other is very helpful and fairly efficient. At Fort Knox many brethren told me that they had

The simplest way for an LDS serviceman to find been on the post for two weeks and were unable to others of his faith, either in the field or aboard ship, find LDS services, yet our services were listed in the is to contact the unit chaplain. Almost without excepbulletin; they had neglected to read it. Aboard ship,

tion, military chaplains will do all they can to locate announcements may be made over the ship's intercom either organized groups or individuals. and placed in the bulletin.

62 Improvement Era iness IS Electric Heat

A Marine reads Bible during break.

Religious services in Vietnam jungle.

Sunshine Pure. Because nothing is cleaner than a kilowatt, there

is less housework with electric heat. Walls, draperies, upholstered

9'rJi furniture all stay cleaner so much longer.

Look into Electric Heat Now. If you plan to build or remodel,

check into electric heat.

Special Low Rate. Owners of total electric homes receive special

low rates for electricity.

Sacrament meeting at San Diego base.

Because it's electric, it's better.

UTAH POWER A LIGHT CO.

SHEET MUSIC

m.\ MOST COMPLETE SELECTION

%.. OF CHORAL, ORGAN, PIANO

AND VOCAL BY MAIL An injured soldier receives comfort, hope, from a Mormon chaplain's visit. lIBiSfll

70 SOUTH MAIN STREET SALT LAKE CITY.UTAH 84101

January 1968 63 Only about 20 percent of our servicemen receive Ciiurc/i periodicals.

Latterday Saint servicemen meet in their group meeting at New York military hospital.

(Left) Storage tank near Cu Chi serves as baptismal font for new convert to Church.

Lt. Wood speaks at joint memorial services at Chulai. Nondenominational meeting for Marines near DM2 line.

Col. Irons—The common view seems to be thatQ—From your observation, how are LDS servicemen

coping with the problems of loneliness, isolation our ser\'icemen live in a sinkhole of moral laxity. This

from others of their faith, and problems of moral is far from true. It is true that there are those among

laxity surrounding them? our soldiers who are depraved and degraded and

whose standards of conduct are not those of theMajor Palmer—While at the air force basic training center at Lackland, Texas, I found that many Latterday Saint ideal, but there is a high percentage

young men became active in the Church for the first of young men in the army today who are of high time in many years. They were lost and lonely, emocharacter.

tionally, mentally, and physically upset, and so they If our servicemen come into the service with the returned to the one stable and strengthening part of proper moral and religious values, we need have their lives—the Church. However, when thev left that little fear for them. The ones we need to worry about

environment to go to a new assignment, they often are the more than 50 percent (from my observation) reverted to inactivity unless someone was there to who were not faithful before they came into the help them find the Church. I have found that young service, or who were not active at home, and who conmen who are inactive and weak in the gospel will tinue that same pattern after they are in the service.

probably continue that way until marriage or some I have found that in the combat zones, many of these major need confronts them, or unless someone really borderline cases respond to friendship, religious conshows an interest in them. ferences, and contact by the chaplain.

64 Improvement Era offset some of the natural problems ping is especially important for single men just arrivLt. Wood—To

of loneliness and isolation, some LDS servicemen ing on base. The first two weeks are most critical to

participate in courses of study from the Brigham the future activity of a single man. If he finds friends

Young University extension division or courses given outside of the Church, he could become inactive. It

by the military. These courses can be of great help. is in this area that we most often fall down.

Capt. Kuehne—Members at home could greatly

assist in this matter of locating our boys. Often weQ—How effectively are our LDS servicemen searching out other LDS boys who are becoming inactive receive communications from bishops, parents, wives,

during military service? and others asking us to contact someone, but we need

to know the person's name, rank, unit designation,Col. Irons—During basic training the men are so

busy that their time for finding each other or for and APO number. In Vietnam our servicemen are

organized searching for straying LDS servicemen is doing a fine job of searching out one another. There

limited. Here at Fort Bliss, Texas, we hold two sepais a special bond that develops among LDS brethren

rate sets of religious services for basic trainees. We in Vietnam. I only wish it could be analyzed, packencourage those who attend to look up those not aged, and prescribed throughout the Church wherever

attending, and we have had some success in this effort. it might be needed. Gospel principles gain new

But I would say that our servicemen—in this situation, perspective. The men see what moral laxity does, and

anyway—are not effective in reclaiming those who are what violations of the word of God can do to a man.

deserting gospel teachings. I think that most of our

men who come in with inadequate backgrounds do Q—How are our servicemen doing in their roles as

not change very much, and conversely, those who live ambassadors of the Church and truth?

gospel principles before they enter military service Capt. Fitzgerald—Many of our men are doing a sudo not, by and large, change their ways. perb job of setting a good example. By so doing,

is in this problem that our home the door is opened to questions about Church docCapt. Fitzgerald—It

teaching and buddy systems come into play. We trine and practice. Many of our boys are able to

first ask home teachers to visit each man. When answer these questions with ease, but others hesitate

we are short of home teachers, we ask each member to because they either don't know the answers or are look after another. We usually have enough returned afraid they might be classified as a "preacher"or a

missionaries and other active members who are "holy joe."

anxious to be responsible for all the LDS boys in Major Palmer—The boys who are active have often

their barracks or squadrons. Once acquainted, our stood out so dramatically that many people have

boys know what to talk about, what to study, and studied Church doctrines as?l result. While in Europe

what to pray about. They have the Church in comand now in Japan, I have seen hundreds of people

mon and are no longer strangers. Through the bonds baptized into the Church because of LDS servicemen.

of gospel fellowship, some spend their offduty hours Lt. Wood—In the Northern District in South Viettogether. When tempted to do wrong, they hold each nam during 1966, a total of 14 district missionaries

other up to gospel standards. However, something—all servicemen—were called and set apart. In spite

should be said about moral standards. Many people of war conditions, they baptized six servicemen. I

feel that it is in the military that a boy will let down think this indicates the kind of ambassadorial work his standards, but my observations do not show this they are doing among those who surround them.

to be the case. Many boys hear and see so much

associated with lower standards that they rededicate Q—From your observation, how meaningful is the

themselves to the high standards they have been gospel in the lives of our Latterday Saint servicemen taught at home and in the Church. in times of stress and challenge, in the face of uncertainty and death?Major Palmer—I have found that members of the

Church in the military try more diligently and are Major Palmer—I have observed some of our LDS

usually more successful in their efforts to find, assist, families when their father or husband was leaving for and encourage their fellow members than any other combat. They hate to leave one another, but they go

group in the Church. I feel tht the primary reason with an assurance that they will always have one

for this concentrated effort is the need for people to another, no matter what the outcome.

staff our small branches. Servicemen go the extra mile Lt. Wood—Vietnam certainly does produce occaalmost every day to seek out and make welcome every sions to test a man's faith and how one reacts under

member who arrives in their area. I have seen many conditions of stress. Some men, foreseeing these

families activated at military bases. This fellowshipconditions, have asked for and received, prior to deJanuary 1968 65

"Other LDS boys may be found reality and accepting complete responsibility for one's actions; local figures, such as friends, bishops, and

neighbors, replaced by military authority; adjustment

by contacting a chaplain to new associations not selected by personal choice;

radical adjustment in worship.

service, the the young man Kuehne—Entering of any faith."Capt.is first unit. training basic going to join a He

may resent the great degree of control exercised over parture from home, blessings from the priesthood to his every action and his loss of privacy. If he is

give them spiritual strength. To many of our LDS unable to discern the valid objectives underlying this

servicemen, especially those in Vietnam, the gospel basic training, he may well draw conclusions that will means everything. The gospel gives them the knowlmake his years in the service miserable. He may

edge that come what may, things will turn out well falsely conclude that his efforts in the service are as long as they are faithful. Being young men, some ultimately a waste of time, and feel that no one is

are concerned about their possibilities for eternal interested in his personal welfare. It has been my

marriage, should their lives be taken. It is always experience, both as an enlisted man and as a chapconsoling for them to learn that at some time, in this lain, that nothing could be further from the truth.

life or the next, as long as they remain faithful, they Also, I have observed that active LDS servicemen will have the opportunity to participate in eternal encounter relatively little difficulty in adjusting to marriage. their tour in the service. Certainly these men have

Capt. Kuehne—It has been my inexpert observaproblems of finances, separations from loved ones,

tion that many soldiers in Vietnam have a strange and so forth, but they are still able to adjust. The

optimisticpessimistic duaHty that is very difficult to awareness of selfdiscipline that many active LDS men define. It is expressed in the form of a "nothing is bring into the service allows them to adjust and enjoy

going to happen to me, but why shouldn't it happen their tours of duty.

to me?"philosophy. I am often amazed at the depth I -think it also needs to be stressed that a few of

of thought about the purpose of life that this attitude our active LDS brethren have difficulty in adjusting produces. I have listened to several weave an intricate to army life because they will not associate with

fabric from these contrasting, yet somehow harmopeople who are not members of the Church. They

nious views. It is a view of life that tries to include are quick to point out what they consider weaknesses

all eventualities, a view that makes it possible for in other servicemen. I would suggest to brethren

many to adjust to the present situations. Against this entering the service that tolerance of other people is

backdrop, the teachings of the gospel gain greatly in not a compromise of principle. In the army it is very

meaning. It is difficult to observe life and death in difficult to avoid close contacts with those of other

Vietnam at close range and remain aloof from their faiths. Certainly an active member of the Church

implications to each individual. I have felt the brothshould be able to create a harmonious relationship

erhood and love that exist in mission fields and in with servicemen who have other standards or no isolated LDS groups, but I have not yet found a place standards at all.

is important to realize that most officers where the gospel has been more meaningful than Col. Irons—It

among our brethren in Vietnam. This feeling would and training personnel are well aware of adjustment

best be portrayed if one were to attend one of our problems and are understanding and helpful. Trainfast and testimony meetings. The brethren speak of ing personnel have been taught the importance of

the simple truths of the gospel. It is their faith in helping these young men adjust to the military.

Jesus Christ and in the restored gospel that sustains Many of the drill sergeants become almost father them in time of need. figures for some men under them. I think that

Q—What areas of stress will a young man entering Itsometimescan be stressful,we have difficult,a false viewand oftrying,militarybut service.I think

the service most likely encounter? we would do well to remember that the vast

list is not short and would inmajority of our officers and noncommissioned offiCapt. Ellsworth—The

clude the following: radical change of environment; cers understand the importance of the individual. The

regimentation and complete conformity in living conmilitary also recognizes the importance of strong moral ditions (often the uniform is resented because a percharacter. In the army the development and strengthson's individuality is suppressed); removal from the ening of moral character are encouraged by the

family unit; change in one's economic habits; facing character guidance program, which makes each

66 Improvement Era commander responsible for the encouragement of the low percentage of brethren who receive their liigh moral standards in those under his command, packets of scriptures, Era, and Church News. My

As part of this program, a monthly discussion on experience indicates that 15 to 20 percent is a liberal some important principle, such as selfdiscipline, estimate of the men who receive these items. The

prejudice, truth, honesty, marriage, and clean speech, returned missionaries bring up the average, since most is participated in by all army personnel. of them are aware of what the wards should provide

Q—How may the military experience be meaningful them.Lt. Wood—I would estimate that about 25 percent

in a young man's life? of our men receive the Era and Church News.

less than 50Col. Irons—A young man certainly matures under Capt. Ellsworth—I would assume that

military discipline and responsibility; he may learn percent receive Church publications. I have had

useful skills and gain understanding of gospel inactive brethren call my attention to specific articles principles, of devotion to great causes, of concepts of in the Era and Church News. The Era is particidarly

duty, honor, and the necessity of sharing in the progood for filling their needs.

tection and maintenance of liberty and justice. Capt. Fitzgerald—I would say that only about 50Capt. Kuehne—A certain sophistication and maturity percent receive Church periodicals. These materials,

that is meaningful comes to the discerning through when received, are usually welcomed and read over travel outside normal geographical boundaries. and over, not only by our servicemen, but also by

Capt. Fitzgerald—Not all experiences one may eninterested buddies. We often hear the sentiment,

counter during the service will be pleasant. How- "Back home I never used to read the Era and Church

ever, they can be meaningful, and many will be enNews, but out here they are my way of life."Often

joyable and cherished experiences that will glow in the fact that the people back home cared enough to one's heart and memory long after the uniform has send this material has more effect for good than the been put in mothballs. Growth and development come printed word itself.

from a variety of good as well as bad experiences. Col. Irons—I have never found in any survey that

With the right attitude, this can greatly mature a more than 50 percent of our LDS servicemen reyoung man and prepare him for the future. The ceive the Era and Church News. A large number also

armed services help young people realize they are are not furnished with the packet of scriptures; yet

always answerable to others for their actions. The these items are inaportant means of replenishing and

opportunity to learn discipline, sacrifice, patience, and reinforcing the faith of our servicemen. I think it is a

endurance is a blessing. These are meaningful from shame and a sad commentary on the interest of those

the standpoint of reality in this existence where the responsible that.so many of our men do not have

law of opposition is always in operation, regardless these materials, of where we are or what we are doing. Q—What can we do to help assure the personalQ—From your observation, what percentage of LDS success of our servicemen?

is spelled outservicemen receive their packets of scriptures, "The Capt. Ellsworth—His personal success

Improvement Era,"and the "Church News"from in terms of personal experiences: a letter from the

their wards; and what influence do these materials bishop, quorum president, home teacher.

have in the lives of our servicemen? Col. Irons—The most important single thing for the

Lt. Pocock—Those LDS boys who have their serviceserviceman is getting encouraging mail regularly from

men sets when they arrive at recurit training centers home and people who should care about him.

would number less than five percent. This means that Lt. Pocock—The first step consists of correspondence

95 percent apparently do not receive these materials by personal letters. The story is told of an elders

from the home wards. The number who receive quorum in Bountiful, Utah, which each Sunday

the Era and Church News would also be small, morning hands out addressed and stamped enve-

I am appalled at the lack of subscriptions given to lopes for all servicemen and missionaries. This means

the servicemen by their wards. I believe that if a that each week each quorum member in the service

survey were taken, it would show that only about 20 and mission field receives a personal letter. You

percent of the men receive these periodicals. And I would be shocked to learn of the number who

also believe that of this 20 percent, only about half ask, "Chaplain, why doesn't my ward send me the come from the wards or quorums—the bulk come Church periodicals? Why don't they write to me?"

from the families of the servicemen., My greatest suggestion is for people at home to do

Capt. Kuehne—Frankly, I am very disappointed in something about these matters! O

January 1968 67 By Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

Research Editor Lest We Forget

When Elder Junius F. Wells

first saw the birthplace of the

Prophet Joseph Smith, nestling in a righthand pocket of theMonument White River Valley near South

Royalton, Vermont, in 1894, he knew that a monument bein longed there, but the idea slumbered for many years.

Then, while he was in BostonVermont on family business in March 1905, the idea suddenly awakened. Gaining approval from

the First Presidency of the Church, he spent all his efforts to have the monument ready for dedication on the centennial of the Prophet's birth, December 23, 1905.

The place of birth was verified, the deed was checked, and '.,j8iis the property was purchased by Illustrated by Dale Kilbourn

GARDEN 6 BUDGETING and STORAGE BOOKLETS postpaid $2.00

Family Food Budgeting Vegetable Garden Guide Growing Vegetables—special

charts included Storing vegetables & fruits in basements, cellars, outbuildings & pits

Vegetables in family meals—

guide for consumers Food storage in the home BONUS EXTRA* Beautifully Designed "Our Family

Get Together Book for 1968"FREE Brochure giving information on how to obtain your garden seeds at "prepackaged"wholesale prices, included with each order!

Supply Limited DESERET

GARDENS

p. O. Box 11446 Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

THE BEST IS WORLD WIDE NEWS COVERAGE 68 Improvement Era May 23, 1905. Plans were percorner, and the search was on The special train arrived on a

fected, and the contract for again. Saturday and was switched to a

building the monument—the To find a shaft that was track built especially to bring

largestAmerica—waspolished signedshaft knownJuly 24.in years38/2 offeet,the I'rophet'srepresentinglifetime,the Difficultythe stones upensuedto thein unloadinghighway.

The same day instructions were was the challenge. Then the the first load, and precious time

given to the Marr and Gordon quarry was sold to new owners was lost. The road was then

quarry at Barre, Vermont. who also had an adjoining planked. The journey started

There the dark granite was in quarry, and two days later the late in the Vermont afternoon, boulder form, and it was often shaft stone, measuring 46 feet, but when a slight rise in the difficult to obtain a stone in was found in the new, adjoining road was encountered, the 20 large dimensions. area. A temporary railroad magnificent horses brought in

Elder Wells went to the track was built, and it took two for the job stopped. Another

quarry so often he sometimes days to load the 60ton rough team was added, but even 22 felt he was in the workmen's stone for the sixmile trip from horses could not move the load way, but he desired just the the quarry into Barre, where even a quarter of an inch.

right stones. One granite piece steampowered cranes, pulling Elder Wells, much discouryielded both the capstone and on 1/2 -inch chains, placed the aged, thought at first he would

the die stone, a supporting stone stone where it was desired. It wire the First Presidency, load

near the monument's base. It was cut in 16 minutes and then the stones back on the train,

was thought for a time that the polished there at Barre. Then and take everything to Salt Lake

stones for the bases had also began the real City for erection on Temple problem—getbeen found; the 9 -foot base ting the huge stones from Barre Square. The written telegram

was there, but the stone for the to the birthplace. was still in his pocket Monday

12 -foot base had an imperfect At last all was in readiness. morning as he had his crews try

K - *r fmt\

II ElLj SETS CHESS ANCIENT ROMAN collector's sets HOME-A-MINUTE KIT HOME & CAR WASHER detailed superb, minutelyThese are exact copies of classic Roman sculpture. The Remodeling or building a home, Now you can wash your car in minutes and

King is Augustus; the Queen. Livia; the Bishop, this kit saves you many dollars! save money. You can wash windows,

is weighted, Heavily high. 4%"Cicero. The King siding the screens, storm Build, dismantle, a variety rearrange windows—even Granite in Alabaster white andfelted Catalin pieces dial control position of your 3 has A home, results. of floor finished for plans board. Leatherette Largegrey. I6V2"

rinse, for settings shutsuds, separate and $195'1 rules... historicalchest. 16page book & color avoid Decide and schemes rooff. horsehair feathersoft brush The

antiqued as figures above—handSame contains costly changes. Kit It spins off dirt dozens tates rpm. and at 1500

silver. Blackgold & & gold Dialamatic Order doors, of walls, your kitchen dust fast. windows, & Home board. tOOgS*.D Chest MoroccoSimulated

8. felted weighted4Va"King, figures. tQ95fO""cabinets.actual costs65 ofpagebuildinghandbookbeforeshowsyou CarOP524ATMOWasher today. gift leatherette book,Board, box

start! Easy to assemble. Home and Car Washer $6.95

41/8"King, felted figures, board, book *o"*'D 1305 Home-A-Minute.... $3.95 Plus 60c PP & Handling

Plus $1.00 per set PP & Hdig Plus 40c PP &: Hdlg.

Don Lyman's Vitamins & Minerals DonSalt LakeLymanCity,2431Utah Highland Drive may help you to LOOK BETTER, Please send

Name FEEL BETTER, L/VE MORE ABUNDANTLY Address 500 Tablets $8.95 City

Quantity 100 Tablets $1.95 State Zip.

January 1968 69 scription die, a cube six feetagain—this time with block and curves in the road and the

tackle. He measured Monday's necessity of laying two 3 -inch square and weighing 20 tons,

forward movement at 1,960 hardwood planks under each missed the planks at a soft point feet. wheel. The road was planked near the edge of a sheer, clifflike drop of 20 feet to the river The tackle permitted a pull for almost six miles—with the

of 80 feet between blocks, but last two miles up an 800foot below, but the trees steadying

Elder Wells related that he saw incline from the river. The first the blocks and tackle held, and

the horses and men stop 13 load took 13 days. the journey continued. Later,

times in the 80 feet, because of The wagon carrying the inElder Wells reported that not all of the trees had held during the wagon trips—the way was

trees. * marked with uprooted

Another time the workmen Richard L. Evans had a load that measured 12 feet

The Spoken Word discover2 inches thatand werethe coveredchagrinedbridgeto that had caused no previous difDignity... in every act of life ficulty measured only 1 1 feet 4

inches. the they ready time were By shaft, aRemember this,"said Marcus Aurelius, "that there is a proper dignity to the haul lowrigged and proportion to be observed in the performance of every act of wagon was available. At one life."Dignity is indicative of a quality of character, of worthiness,

point, the wagon got off theof honor, of "excellence,... reserve of manner, grace, and bearing."-

road and a wheel went down, It carries with it no connotation of pompousness or conceit or of any tilting the load. Had it been a false front, but of genuineness and worth. Being made in the image high wagon, it would have gone

of God, every person is not only entitled to dignity, but is honor bound over, defacing the inscription.

never to demean himself or impair his selfrespect. The highest example This load was 20 days on the

of dignity that men were ever aware of was Jesus of Nazareth, the road.

Master of mankind, who never lost his composure under any accusation Personable Brother Wells or abuse, or even death. There can be dignity in any honest or useful made friends with everyone

occupation on earth. "There is,"said Booker T. Washington, "as much along the route, from the

dignity in tiUing a field as in writing a poem."''There is dignity in youngest child to the oldest

honesty, dignity in gratitude, dignity in keeping clean. There is dignity resident. Many of the ablein reverence, dignity in keeping the commandments. With sincere bodied, their farmwork done,

dignity comes respect, and respect can preserve a marriage, even when were hired as part of his crews.

some other things in life are lacking. "Morality... alone possesses For some reason the Vermont

dignity,"'said Immanuel Kant—not stuffiness, not airs or delusions, not fall had lengthened, and winter

superficial pride, not exhibitionism, or immodesty or farout-fashions or was delayed in coming; that

fads, but just simple, plain honesty, human dignity in which a man is indeed was a help to the work respected as a man—in any honorable occupation, in any sincere service that Elder Wells had to do. But

—the dignity of character, respect, and honest effort. No honest man it also presented some obstacles.

need shrink from the human race or apologize for his existence. All are It was deemed advisable to take

made in the image of God, and may become more like him. We sum- a load across a meadow that had

marize with these lines from Wordsworth: a swamphole. Stones were

"True dignity abides with him alone dumped there, but they sank

Who, in the silent hour of inward thought, out of sight. A corduroy road

Can still suspect, and still revere himself, built of logs placed side by side

In lowliness of heart."was attempted, but this too

proved unsuccessful. With vicAurelius, 'Marcus Meditations, iv:32. tory almost in sight, failure dictionary definition. -From a

Slacerij. "Booker T. Washington, Up From

Principles Immanuel Kant, Fundamental of Morals, first section. seemed to have taken the upper

'William Wordsworth, Lines Left Upon a Seat in a Yeio Tree. hand.

*"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia That night some neighbors

Broadcasting System November 5, 1967. Copyright 1967. gathered and asked: "What are

70 Improvement Era you going to do about it now, Mr. Wells?"He never forced rYour choicehis religious views on them, but

this time he quietly replied:

"Gentlemen, do you believe in answers to prayers?"Someallowed that maybe they did, only 990

others snickered, and some looked ashamed. He wished

them all a pleasant goodnight and added, "I am going to pray Choose one of these outstandabout it."

Before morning the seasonatinga LDSfractionbooksof able cold had returned to Verits regufar price mont, and when Elder Wells when you join arrived at the swamphole, he LDS Books Club found that it had frozen solid. and make your

Horses neighed, whips cracked, first Club selecand the wagon with its 10ton THE FAITH OF A THE CHURCH AND THE tion.

stone rolled on to its destinaSCIENTIST NEGRO tion. by Dr. Henry Eyring by John Lund

Mr. Howland, who had $3.00 $2.50

placed the pillars in front of St.

John's Cathedral in New York, Make your first Club selection from these books:

came to place the shaft, and a 1. FANTASTIC 2. THE QUEST 3. PROPHECY,

KEY TO THE FORgreat crowd gathered. The simVfCTORY FUTURE EXCELLENCE by W. Cleon

phcity of the strong scaffolding Skousen by Sterling W. Sill by Ouans S.

Crowther with stimurec- Packed Skousen, lating information authoritywas a disappointment to many, Elderognized Knowledge for almost before they knew it, and guide to the and thoughtprovok- future as revealedof the the shaft was, dropped into Holya penetratingLand, presentsacingand ideas,fascinatingthis newcolbyernancientprophets.and modThis

lection of articles of Israel's fascinating intensely is rich essays andplace without a bump, scratch, countlatest rendezvous book interprets inspiring destiny, includ with techexplains each facetor chip. The capstone was sent with and

niques for personal ing the recent of prophecy.

aloft on pulleys, and Mr. Howmiracle war. J3 75 perfection ji jc $3.95

land cemented that into place;

then he gave a prearranged 4. TRUE TO 5. OUR 6. MORMON

FAITH THE signal. by David 0, McKay GOSPEL LIVING MORMON DOCTRINEby Bruce R, cheerstarted the crowd As McConkie The sermons and 0. by Rich Wendel

writings of President all of A summarying. shouted, Wells Brother finest The teachings

0. Oauid McKay, docfundamental

of church leaders spiritual Inspired of trines gospel. the ensued. Silence"Stop! Stop!"

into are a organized the counsel from for Ideal personal of study gospel foot to the of then stepped of a prophet.He pen A study, priesthood

principles.

addition welcome classes, gospel study athe offered and monument library. every to LDS missionary and work.

prayer of thanksgiving for the $3.95 $3.75 $6.95

project's completion. J "All right,"he said to the V

crowd. I am with you. "Now <= LDS BOOKS CLUB, INC. "Let her go!"

Then the assemblage did yell P.O. Box 400 Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

and shout: "Wells! Wells! HurEnclosed is my check or money order in the amount of $

or Faith of a Scientist; Church The and the Please send n Therah for Junius Wells!"

at price of 99c. introductory the special the following Also send Negro

The monument was dedibook(s) as my first regular Club selection:

time,cated 23, on on December 4 5 3 6

to agree purchase reviews. I hereby monthly send Enroll and Books a Club12member me LDS me as the President of the1905, by

regular advertised at the the next or alternates 12 months during selections of regular 4 a minimum not qualify or Club selections for as regular loining do Books Club books LDS (PremiumChurch, Joseph F. Smith, a price,

I will receive I accept, books. 4 4 books For each time after at purchasing nates.) any I may resignnephew of the martyred a valuable bonus book free - a savings of 20%. alter-

'.Prophet Joseph. O Name

Address

City, State, Zip

January 1968 71 The IDS Scene

Solo Violinist on U.S. Presidential Italian Basketball

World Tour Candidate Members of the Italian Mission basketball team play a

Clyn Barms, a Sugar City, George Romney, governor northern Italian team as part of a new program designed

Idaho, native, who now lives of Michigan and former to win muchneeded publicity in the Italian Mission. Called

in Vienna, Austria, is on a Detroit Stake president, has / Mormoni S.U.G. ("The Mormons LDS"), the missionaries

world tour with the Vienna entered the campaign for present to each opposing team a Book of Mormon

Symphoniker orchestra as the Republican presidential and a brief explanation of the Church. Other elders pass

solo violinist. He has been nomination for the 1968 out tracts and invite spectators to Church services.

described by leading critics United States elections. Since basketball is relatively unknown in Italy, the

as one of the outstanding Brother Romney missionary team has done rather well, even against violinists in Europe. A is campaigning topranking teams.

recent review said, "Vienna with a vow to work for a should consider itself lucky just peace in Vietnam and to be allowed to find in a pledge to "restore truth its midst such an outstandto government and regain ing violinist. Whenever a man the confidence of the

is needed,... the always people."The first major

friendly, ideally disciplined tests of his campaign will be young Mormon is always in the New Hampshire and ready to offer his services."Wisconsin primaries.

Family Relations Specialist

Dr. Blaine R. Porter, dean Capitol Record Library Donated

of the College of Family Nine tons of sheet music—the whole Capitol Record

Living at Brigham Young Company library—has been given to Brigham Young UniverUniversity, has been named sity and is surveyed by Dr. Harold Goodman, chairman

chairman of the special of the music department. The gift, including

committee on family life sacred, secular, classical, popular, semipopular, Broadway, education and of the special and dance band music and motion picture scores, emphasis committee of the arrived at the university in 180 boxes, each weighing

National Council on Family 100 pounds, and will take several months to sort

Relations for 1968. Brother and catalogue. Students who are studying scores or who

Porter is a Sunday School have conducting, orchestration, and music analysis general board member. classes will have access to the music.

72 Improvement Era Composer Wins Award

Norberto Guinaldo, Argentine-born concert organistGuatemala City Stake composer and organist of the Santa Pe Springs The Guatemala City Stake Choir helped create a peaceful and inspiring atmosphere (California) Second Ward, in the two sessions of the recent first quarterly conference of the Guatemala City has for the second consecuStake. More than 1,000 members and friends attended the conference, which was held tive year won first prize

20 years after the arrival of missionaries in August 1947. in major competition

sponsored by the Organ Historical Society at its 12th annual convention in New York. His winning composition, "Suite for an Old

Tracker Organ,"is in four movements. In 1966 he

won with "Passacaglia."

In 1964 he won first prize in the J. Fischer

& Brothers centennial competition. Born in Buenos

Aires of Latterday Saint parents, Elder Guinaldo studied under Argentina's Woman of the Year leading organists and was organist at the Basilica del Sister Ettie Lee of the Santisimo Sacramento,

Wilshire (California) Ward which houses Argentina's has received the Outgreatest organ. An immistanding Woman of the Year grant to California, he has

award from the students of just written "Pive Spanish

Mormon Poster Boy Brigham Young University. Carols."

Sister Lee is a philanthropist

Timothy Pass, fouryear-old son of Brother and Sister who has spent a fortune

Michael Pass of the Whittier (California) Pifth Ward, building 14 homes and has been named 1968 National March of Dimes poster ranches for "incorrigible life was the subject of a child. Timothy and his mother are shown greeting the boys."She began her BYU film, "The Little Red

Los Angeles poster child. Young Timothy, paralyzed rehabilitation program about Hen."In 1966 the retired

in his legs from birth, is cheerful and active despite the 50 years ago when a boy schoolteacher was named use of leg braces, wooden crutches, and a body she was teaching was U.S. (National Teacher

corset with a back brace. expelled from school. Her of the Year.

January 1968 73 Buffs START YOUR and MISSION SAVINGS Rebuffs NOW! Hezekiah's Tunnel

Early planning can assure the fulfillment of your Mission. In reading the article on Hezekiah's

Tunnel [August 1967], I recalled a story I read in Richard Halliburton's

American's high earning rates mean you can Second Book of Marvels: The Orient,

Dublished by the BobbsMerrill Comand should—start a Mission Savings Plan now pany.

Mr. Halliburton relates several

to tunrelative incidents account regular a Open at 4% % per annum. fascinating

of rock the to be under reputed nels $1,000 reaches account your When connected supposedly and Abraham, convert to savings certificates that earn 51/4 % to the Jebusite water shaft. First, he

tells of several English adventurers who, when Jerusalem was still a part

This is the easy, prudent way to be sure of Turkey, tried to dig a shaft under a bribing after night at rock your Mission plans will be reahzed. Talk the

be tunthere states must guard. He

to a Savings Counselor at American nels or caverns under the rock because echo from it, sounds strikes one right away. Today is not too soon to start when

that there is a legend Also, below.

your Mission Savings Plan. the lost Ark of the Covenant and other

treasures were hidden there at the time of the Babylonian destruction.

The hollow sound of the rock is accounted for in Brother Green's article

INSURED by the existence of the cisterns for water storage. The author relates

that the English adventurers dug for IP eight nights before being discovered by a priest and forced to flee for their lives. dme/umn Sm/ina6 Mr. Halliburton then tells of some

in 1907, who, archeologists German & LOAN ASSOCIATION and Spring into the Gihon crawled tried to go up the Jebusite bucketbut ascended, had Joab shaft, which

City, Salt 84111 Lake South 63 Main, Utah HOME OFFICE: sent and discovered quickly were

Dr., City, OFFICE; Lake Highland Salt Utah 84106 2186 HOUSE SUGAR a legend heard he says then away. He City, South, Salt 2727 Utah Lake 84119 OFFICE: 3500 West GRANGER that is tunnel secret there a says that

St., Honolulu, So. 71 OFFICE: 3859, DIVISIONAL Box King HAWAII treaSolomon's shaft with the joins Honolulu, HaAvenue, OFFICE: 96812; 1142 KAIMUKI Hawaii 12th

waii 96816; KALIHI OFFICE: 1851 North King St., Honolulu, Hawaii sure caverns beneath the rock. This

Hllo, 96720; 120 Avenue, OFFICE: Hawaii Waianuenue 96819; HILO of route out escape an Solomon gave

Blvd., 96814; Hawaii Honolulu, OFFICE: 1602 Kapiolani KAPIOLANl realso. then author city The the 96815. Ave., Honolulu, Hawaii 2113 OFFICE: Kalakaua WAIKIKI of enexperience exciting his lates Federal of the to All Insured agency permanent accounts $15,000 by a ladder and with spring a the tering Government.

finding a tunnel approximately 30 feet above the water leading back from a rock shelf. He built the ladder

The Improvement Era, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 after entering the cave behind the * spring. He then proceeded along the

tunnel feet 400 for where the tunnel Please enter a.. year subscription to The Improvement Era for J

is that staircase steep a turns up ) Name blockaded with sand. He shoveled out

it just kept 16 for hours but the sand couldn't t Address filling in he above, and from

City,.. State Zip make any progress at all. He ended

to return here, one story the vowing the to do with day money and men '(Check one) Give credit for this subscription to J \ This is a renewal Ward or Branch job.sea inHe1939.never did, as he was lost at

, \ This is a gift Stake or Mission The fact of Israel's possession of

Jerusalem opens the possibility of 1 - If gift, also give name and address of donor. completing his excavation.

F. Downer, Jr. years< t year g n years Napa,WallaceCalifornia,$5.75 $8.25 1 Name flISaOO

<0- I > Address Add $2.50 tor each additional year T

74 Improvement Era ALL PURPOSE CARRIER

ALL PURPOSE CARRIER

Here—a carrierit is yourthatteachingwill holdcompanionall yourThe article on Hezekiah's tunnel reThanks From Vietnam Teaching aids—

minded me of a prophecy of Joseph Convenient, easy to carry, 1001 uses

I received Improvement The in Today the recordedSmith Documentary

Relief Sunday it, I——sent don't but Era. the Churcli, know whoHistory Vol. 387: 5, p. of Society School I Primary—I like School—to so could sure would know return,"Judah Jerusalem must must Mothershelper Toy I Teachers—School—Nursery letter thanks. of write a rebuilt, thembe the temple, and water and

Carrier. in the active too been Church under temple, out the fromcome and haven't

last in the years, three butthe of waters be healed. Sea the Dead since I THORUP SALES I to reading Vietnam, have been will cameIt take to rebuild time the some

servicer of the the etc.; Bookwalls of Mormon and the city the temple, and

book. the Gospel. P. 0. Box 6122 Principles man's this of beforeand all be the must done

Son of Man will make His appearThank you!

Sp. 4 Rocklandance."2.25 statement The "and water

S. Lee Morton Please send n Plus 60c@Postage U. Army, Vietnamcome out under the from temple"

and Handlingpuzzled article I read in the me until Tothat a cistern situated was under the Aesthetically Speaking temple site.

Mrs. Robert C. Sloan, Jr. I have majored in college for a time

Salt Lake City, Utah in about every artrelated subject from advertising to architecture, and

These Times: Communism claim at least a little feeling or 2255 Panorama Way

knowledge or competence that way. Salt Lake City, Utah 84117

Concerning Dr. G. Homer Durham's In writing I just want to commend Residents of Utah add 31/2% Sales Tax

"Morals and Politics in International Brother Marion D. Hanks and Sister

Life"[Nov. 1967], I comment: PeoElaine Cannon on the "Era of Youth"

ple generally hope to insure their articles. What a monthly masterthrough of living fast moving,methods majority piece! Very appealing, Pero sanctions. of unwanted is sometimescondemnation "in,"which enlightening,

In our day and age, this is Comdifficult to achieve with religion. But

munism, and much of public sentiment I really want you to know that I think is aroused verbally against its means it's just great, and the art work, layto an unholy end. out, and design are simply pleasing

that it is inmust understand not and We to my intriguing—according our threatening Ijust Communism aesthetically correct! structors: am

foundation of liberty. This system of really impressed, as I am with the

will eventually crumble sickle andthe whole Era.

inthan thefall, reason if for no other Sp. 4 Doug Brewer THE NEW

ability of man to live or react and Vietnam NONCAFFEINE to that HOT completely himselfsubmit DRINKto the nourishing way and delicious of likeday startchildren him. Adults demands Aforwhich whole Communism I greatly instructor, art iman As am grains, of flavor thedelicious it the prevail. will But notCertainly water boilingwholesomend addthe fix family.—of quality the pressed with imaginaandfa- it at your for too!just Look theSimpleserve! Economical,to will. As behindthought Communism market. vorite tive In the.> within years art past Era.

..by Distributed in their naturelong as human men the reference included on a always you

toare themselves, permitted govern listing table of the contents parpage will assuch present be systems and WORLD the artists responsible ticular for Juillard theirsert power. FOODS latest the illustrations. various Fancy With

in sense, the Thus, highest must we Food listing this of the has Era, redesign

Street Townsend 310 7th idea, the Westattack South of the such foundation 2520 artists'the are omitted. been Where Calif. City, Utah Francisco, Salt Lake Sancorruption, basis the for Communism's lines credit now?

Inquiries Dealers Welcomebeing conceived. wars, Through we Mrs. Richard Daems it, it, to hinder of but disposemay we

must rise above ourselves in thought, Springville, Utah in deed, and in being.

Markus B. Zimmer The artist's name is either in small

the artor his illustration, type near Flensburg, Germany sighis ist inscribed personally has

Philippine Mission Association nature somewhere in the illustration.

JEWELRY CO.

Please note that a Philippine Mission Around the Table 42WEST2ND. SOUTH DA 2-1039

Association has been created. Its SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH

chief purpose is to promote the gospel We are enjoying our Era from cover in the Philippines. Interested persons to cover; taking turns reading aloud INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER

may write to: from it at the breakfast table makes

Philippine Mission Association it certain that nobody misses anything.

Box 130, University Station The Nohrns

Provo, Utah 84601 Ryomgaard, Denmark Use the handy coupon on page 74 to renew your subscription or order the ERA for a friend.

January 1968 75 and counselors Gerald F. Burnham and [ New stake presidencies: PresiThe Church tana)Dale H.Stake.Andersen, Missoula (Moncounselorsdent RussellEdward H.M. SheffieldDenny andand

Moves On John B. Smart, Bountiful (Utah)

President Hugh B. Brown of the Stake; President Koln Gunn McKay

First Presidency dedicated the and counselors Keith G. Jensen and

October 1967 new Salt Lake Temple Annex. James H. Bischoff, Ogden (Utah)

Stake; President Frank E. Finlayson

New stake presidencies: PresiElder Leon John, 20, Portage, and counselors A. Richard Allred and

dent Carl S. Hawkins and Utah, serving in the East CenRobert Lee McCook III, Pomona

counselors Irvin M. Brooks and Neil tral States Mission, was killed in an (California) Stake; President Wilford

R. Williams, Detroit (Michigan) automobile accident that also injured J. Shumway and counselors Ruel E.

Stake; President Merlyn W. V. Lofgren two other missionaries in Indiana. Jarvis and Carl L. Haws, St. Johns

(Arizona) Stake.

* November 1967 Richard L. Evans The appointment of John Q.

The Spoken Word InformationCannonServiceas coordinatorwas announcedof Churchby

Elder Mark E. Petersen of the Council

As life gets broken in upon man.of the Twelve, who serves as chairgets continually broken in upon,..."said Charles Henry ParkThe appointment of Joy Sansom

Life hurst. "Nothing ought so little to surprise us as a surprise."One to the Young Women's Mutual

Improvement Association general board of the realities is that life isn't always even, that unbroken tranwas announced.

quility cannot be counted on. All of us have some days that are better

than others—some hopeful, some promising, some discouraging. "We New stake presidency: President

have all known men,"said Phillips Brooks, "for whom it seemed as if Elmo R. Smith and counselors

it would be good to lift away some of the burden of life, to make the Owen,LorenzoOaklandBerkeleyN. Hoopes and Richard(California)W.

world seem easier and less serious... but as we look abroad generally Stake.

do we not feel sure that such people are the exceptions?"- All of us

face disappointment, heartache, difficulties. There are many wise and The appointment of Mrs. Evon

comforting counsels and expressions of faith for such times, but the full W. Peterson as general secretarymeaning and comfort of these don't always fully come through when we treasurering Mrs.of theHuldaReliefP.Society,Young,succeedwas

are down and depressed. And sometimes the best we can do is hold on, announced.

which, always, we must do. "Mankind is served,"said Dr. Fosdick, "by

those who simply do not crack up when all expect them to."'It isn't Montevideo Stake, the first in

expected that we won't become discouraged. It isn't expected that we Uruguay, third to be organized

won't have problems. Part of life's purpose is for solving problems, for functioningin South America,in the Church,and 444thwas organow

overcoming, for conquering—but not for giving up, ever. There is a nized by Elder Spencer W. Kimball

kind of magnificent heroism in the strength and example of manly men, of the Council of the Twelve and ard of faithful women, mothers, fathers, and others also—heroic in doing Elder Franklin D. Richards, Assistant

their, dayto-day duties—working, meeting problems, making a home, to the Twelve. President of the stake

living often above ill health and sometimes heartache, quietly standing Arielis VincenteAlcides C.FedrigottiRubio. Counselorsand Washingare

up to the doing and enduring of each day. Just as surely as we find ton Gonzalez.

ourselves down and discouraged, we have reason to hold to hope, and, New stake presidency: President E.

more than that, reason for doing what can be done. To those discourWilford Edman and counselors Rayaged, to those in sorrow, to those who need help: Hold to the hope, to mond C. Bowers and LaMarr W.

the faith that there will be a lifting of darkness and despair, that the area)PoultonStake.in Valley View (Salt Lake

light will come on again in our lives.

'Charles Parkhurst, Henry "Sermon Garfield,"on September 1881. 25, The appointment of Mrs. ArdethPhillips Brooks, The Light of and Other the World Sermons: The Seriousness of Life

'Harry Emerson Fosdick, Being a Real Person: On Mastering Depression. Greene Kapp to the Youth

Coordination Planning Committee of *"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia the correlation program was anBroadcasting System October 22, 1967. Copyright 1967. nounced.

76 Improvement Era SEqyYAH CARPET MILLS introduces the new 'Andrew Carnegie'carpet of Zefkrome E.S.P.'

lor a great public appearance #1 ir2 W

Zefkrome acrylic, Engineered for Superior

Performance, creates the impressive new carpet for public places. The innovations in

beauty and wear are unique to Zefkrome.

Color: multichromes, a new concept

developed for greater clarity and variety.

Durability: Zefkrome has wear tests behind

it of 2 million footsteps, equal to 54 years.

It is stronger than other acrylics by as much as 50%.

Superior color retention: the color in

ZelFkrome lasts, and it's safe in sunlight, because it's locked in when the fiber is made.

Superior cleanability: "Andrew Carnegie"

carpeting returns to its original appearance after onlocation cleaning better than any other acrylic carpet.

Dirt resistance: Zefkrome is a circular

cross section acrylic fiber that doesn't hold soil the way other acrylics do. The new

Sequoyah carpet is also moth and mildew proof. Everything about it adds up to quality.

Please address all inquiries to:

Chuck Purcell, Sequoyah Mills,

Anadarko, Oklahoma A FREE DOLLAR BOX OF MASON CANDY WORTH 200?

Mr. Frank L. Roshell sent for his FREE box

and with the help of Mason's Regional Manager and local Campaign Counse'lor, raised $1200 for the Boteler High School, in Holt,

Alabama IN ONLY ONE HOUR AND FIFTEEN MINUTES.

"The candy was given to the students on

Friday afternoon at the close of school. By

4:30 PM of the same day, without taking

students away from classes—the drive was

completed. This method of raising $1200 In

less than two hours is undoubtedly the best method I have ever used."

Send for a Free box of candy and let our

Campaign Counselor explain Mason's TwoHour-FundRaising Plan. No risk—No investment. Each box has an attractively printed

sleeve with your organization's name, picture and slogan. Shipping charges prepaid.

Return what you don't sell. Keep 40<:\on

every dollar box sold. Pay after you have

sold the candy. Mail coupon today!

Pat Mason, Dept. 978, Mason, Box 549

MINEOLA, L.I., N.Y, 11501

Please send me (without obligation) furthenn formatiave tion and your Campaign Counselor bring me my

Free box of candy explain and Mason's ExtraProfit/

Prize Award Program,

-AGE (if under 2i).

ORGANIZATION.

HOW MANY MEMBERS.

Mason Candies, Inc., Mineola, L.I., N.Y.

(Offer available only to nonprofit groups.) e Presiding Bishop

"alks to Youtii About EDUCATION

By Bishop John H. Vandenberg

"All who have meditated on the art see the importance of education being

LEE ofvincedgoverningthat themankindfate of empireshave beendependsconunderlined.There is one product of education

Home Stone Ground on the education of youth."These are that has assumed greater importance

the ancient of the words philosGreek today in than ever before history.WHOLE WHEAT Aristotle, opher, as note he took of the We're speaking, of course, of the need

Fresh flour packed whole wheat with vital position occupied by education for education in order to provide for fun winter energy EXTRA for MORE or summer. Your family will love the in his time. the economic wellbeing of your future

breacJ ancJ of flavor matde your home rich We need only to pause briefly and family. macde the energy bakery from

whole wheat flour you stone grind look to the great men who have influin referring to this facet of educayourself. enced history to conclude, as did tion, President McKay has said: "StuYour family can reap a

rich harvest health. Serve ofthembouyantyour Aristotle, that education is the key to dents enter school primarily to gain

bakery home made or achievement. Whether we look at the economic or social advantage. But

cereal from the made whole grain. Savior in his youth with the elders in this aim is not always achieved, nor is

LEE HOUSEHOLD FLOUR the temple, or Moses in the royal it, nor should it be, the highest purpose MILL

Write today for free inforcourts where he "learned the wisdom of education. However, we must not

mation and recipes. of the Egyptians,"or Paul, who sought underestimate the value of obtaining

LEE ENGINEERING CO. learning at the "feet of Gamaliel,"we an education for a livelihood. EducaWisconsin Avenue W. 2023

Milwaukee, Wis. 53201

Dept. IE 1-68

78 Improvement Era tion for economic advancement is a and periodically you'll be in the ranks perplexities of the nations, and the good investment for the individual as of the unemployed. This is not preachjudgments which are on the land; and a

well as for the state."(Gospel Ideals, ing.... This is certainty."knowledge also of countries and of

p. 429.) In this light, education truly becomes kingdoms

Education, in this age of technology, an investment in you. In fact, the "That ye may be prepared in all

has become a prerequisite for the dollarsand-cents dividends of this inthings when I shall send you again to greatest percentage of employment vestment are very revealing. The magnify the calling whereunto I have

opportunities. Jobs that previously estimated lifetime earnings for males called you, and the mission with which

required only a strong back have now from age 18 to death are as follows: I have commissioned you."(D&C

been replaced by machinery. It was 88:7780.)

Less than eight years of reported in the newspaper recently that So with the words of the Lord, the schooling $129,764 in the years since 1954, the jobs filled study of history, math, English, and

Eight years of schooling $181,695 by high school graduates increased 30 so forth, takes on additional meaning

Four years of high school $257,557 percent, while jobs that were suitable for Latterday Saint youth. The Lord

One to three years of college..$315, 504

for the untrained decreased by 25 expects you to be well educated so that

Four years or more of college..$435,242

percent. you will magnify your missions and callAnd while these statistics are sigNote that in his lifetime, the average ings in the building up of his kingdom.

nificant, there is yet another facet of college graduate will earn $177,685, or But you will not be able to realize this situation. Many high school 70 percent, more than the average the intent of the Lord by merely gaingraduates have come to face the harsh high school graduate. And even more ing knowledge; there is an additional

reality that in order to obtain a job staggering, the average college student dimension that must be considered.

with which they would be satisfied, will earn $305,478, or nearly 250 perPresident McKay stresses this addithey will need additional vocational or cent, more than those students with tional dimension in these words: "But

professional training. In consequence less than eight years of schooling. gaining knowledge is one thing, and

of this situation, the First Presidency Why seek additional vocational and applying it is quite another. Wisdom

issued this counsel: "The Church has professional education? The answer is, is the right application of knowledge

long encouraged its members, and at least economically, obvious. But as... to the development of a noble

especially its youth, either to obtain President McKay said, this shouldn't and godlike character. A man may

a college education or to become well be "the highest purpose of education."possess a profound knowledge of histrained in some vocation in a trade What, then, are some of the greater tory and of mathematics; he may be

school. The jobs that require no purposes of education? To quote Presi- [an] authority in psychology, biology,

education or training are decreasing dent McKay again, he said: "Character or astronomy; he may know all [about

from year to year and soon will be is the aim of true education; and sciwhatever has been discovered] pertainpractically nonexistent. We thereence, history, and literature are but ing to general and natural science; but

fore strongly suggest that... all young means used to accomplish this desired if he has not with this knowledge that

people... engage in. formal study of end."The Lord mentioned a similar nobility of soul which prompts him to

some kind beyond high school."aim of education in a revelation to the deal justly with his fellow men, to

Young people, it is well that you take Prophet Joseph when he stated: "And practice virtue and holiness in personal

note of this situation and incorporate I give unto you a commandment that life, he is not a truly educated man."

posthigh school training into your you shall teach one another the doc- (Gospel Ideals, p. 440.)

plans. The dividends will be far more trine of the kingdom. Thus, education is that element

than just economic, for without further "Teach ye diligently and my grace which, if handled properly, can, when training you will be relegated to munshall attend you, that you may be inadded to our lives, provide the sweetdane, routine tasks at best, and periods structed more perfectly in theory, in est of joy—the gaining of which, as

of unemployment as the rule. Sylvia principle, in doctrine, in the law of the the Prophet Lehi stated, is the purpose

Porter, writer of a nationally syndicated gospel, in all things that pertain unto of man's experience in mortality.

column on business finance, in referthe kingdom of God, that are expedient Young men of the Aaronic Priesthood ring to the need for young people to be for you to understand; and young women, pursue your educatrained, said that in consequence of not "Of things both in heaven and in the tion—"... get wisdom."It makes

being trained, "... you will so handiearth, and under the earth; things sense economically, and true education

cap yourself that through all the years which have been, things which are, is a spiritual necessity. And to paraahead, you will be either in the lowthings which must come shortly to phrase Aristotle, the fate of the kingpaying industries or submarginal facpass; things which are at home, things dom of God depends on "true"

tories or in the dullest of occupations. which are abroad; the wars and the education of the youth of the Church.O

January 1968 79 January is usually a "let down have a festive air. The result will

month."The fun of the holidays be a weather forecast of June in Today's Family

is over, and a person is left January, and inside the home, dragging. "clear and warmer."By Florence B. Pinnock

To do and say the same things over and over again is tiresome and JANUARY ADOPTS JUNE completely boring.

Life and lilt come from eyes wide Lamb chops always accompany open and from living on tiptoe. thoughts of spring and food. Try

January can be a topof-thethis first menu with lamb as its mountain time—high thoughts, high piece de resistance. Then serve

words, and high doings. cheesebrown potatoes hot from the in It's all in what we make itskillet along with peas fixed thisheads up, thoughts spinning, and special June way. Early spring Mm

new ideas producing contentment appears with avocado and grapeand joy. fruit salad. It is refreshing to use Open the lid and let winter out. slices of avocado tucked between January

It isn't possible to actually act grapefruit sections and topped with as the weatherman and predict a sprinkling of pomegranate seeds.

changes in the temperature outof- The final touch is a clear French.k\'

doors, but we can be our own dressing. For dessert serve a fruit

climate maker within the four parfait.

walls of our homes. First, turn up

the furnace to a comfortable Menu #1 temperature; next, turn up the

corners of your mouth and let cheer *Lamb Chops Aloha fill every room; then go into the * Cheese Browned Potatoes

*June Peas kitchen and stir up a summer day. Grapefruit and Avocado Salad

None of this is hard to do. That is, * Fruit Parfait

it isn't hard if you really want a Lamb Chops Aloha sunny June day in January.

No one has made a law that in Arrangesingle layerfour inora sixshallowlamb bakingchops dish.in a

January we must always serve Combine one can cream of mushroom heavy meals filled with gravies, soup, one cup pineapple tidbits, drained, and V teaspoon dried mint puddings, and large servings of flakes. Spoon over chops. Cover.

meats and mashed potatoes. How BakeUncover;at 350continueF. forbakingabout 3015 minutes.minutes

dreary this can become. Put on or until chops are tender.

your thinking cap and step lightly into a new way of cooking. Think Cheese Browned Potatoes

up unexpected foods for a winter (6 servings) night. Then watch the joy in the In a skillet, heat three tablespoons

eyes of your family as they come cookedbutter; addpotatoes.four orCookfive untilcups goldendiced

home from play or school or work. brown; stir often. Season with salt and

New, tantalizing aromas will greet pepper; sprinkle with 11/2 tablespoons

chopped parsley and three tablespoons them, and the dinner table will grated Parmesan cheese.

June Peas Fruit Parfait The second menu takes your mind back to last summer when the man of (Serves 6) (Serves 6) the house came home with a good catch of fish. But in the place of

Cook two slices of bacon until crisp; 1 can (11 ounces) drained mandarin trout, use halibut steaks from the

remove from skillet and crumble. Pour oranges market. Be sure to serve them with

off all but one tablespoon fat. Add one 1 can (1 pound 11 ounces) drained the tangy shrimp sauce. A menu feasmall minced onion; cook until tender fruit cocltail turing vegetables, tossed green salad,

but not brown. Add two packages 1 cup sour cream and a luscious chiffon pie with a cheese

frozen peas, two cups shredded lettuce, 1 cup miniature marshmallows pastry crust just seems to say, "This 1/2 cup water, and a dash of salt. can't be January."

Cover; simmer about five minutes. Combine the ingredients and chill in

Drain; serve topped with crumbled parfait glasses until ready to serve.

bacon. Top with shredded coconut.

Menu #2

'Halibut withi Tangy Slirimp Sauce

Vegetables Supreme (carrots, zucchini, and corn) Richard L. Evans Green Salad

'Cheese Pastry with Chiffon Filling

The Spoken Word Tangy Shrimp Sauce

To realize results 1/41 cupsmallchoppedclove garlic,celeryminced 2 tablespoons butter 1 can frozen condensed cream of

Everyone, of course, wants happiness, respect, selfapproval, but someshrimp soup cup milk V2 times results are expected or hoped for without living in a way by tablespoons chopped dill pickle IV which results are brought about. Happiness at home comes with Ys teaspoon dry mustard

consideration and kindness, with deserving the love of loved ones. Dash of pepper

Happiness and peace come with a quiet conscience, and a quiet conCook the celery and garlic in butter science comes when it deserves to be quiet. If a person has done what until the celery is tender. Add remaining ingredients. Heat; stir often. Serve

he knows he shouldn't do, or hasn't done what he knows he should do, over broiled halibut.

how can he reasonably hope to be happy? How can he be happy if he

has to excuse and argue with himself inside? There are laws, commandCheese Pastry

ments, causes, consequences. There are ways in which things must be 11/2 cups sifted flour

done to reahze results, and if we want the product, we must go through V2 teaspoon salt shredded Cheddar cheese cupthe process. There are moral and spiritual laws as much in force and 34 stick) butter cup (1 V

effect as physical laws—laws that are irrevocable, and upon which all 3 to 4 tablespoons water

promises are predicated. Every contract is a twoway commitment. Sift the flour and salt and add the

Business cannot successfully proceed without fairness and performance cheese. Cut in the butter with a

on both sides. Marriage is a contract of two parties, though it affects mixturepastry blenderresemblesorsmalltwo peas.knivesSprinkleuntil

many more. And if we want compatible relationships, we must deserve water over flour mixture, one tablethem. If we want health, we must observe the laws of health. If we spoonfork afterat a eachtime, addition.mixing lightlyGatherwith upa

want happiness, we must abide the conditions of happiness. As Emerson dough with fingers; shape into a ball.

said in his essay on compensation: "The world looks like a multiplicaaRollsingleout, crust.fit into Bakepie tin,at 450and prickF. untilfor

tiontable or a mathematical equation, which, turn it how you will, lightly browned. This recipe will make

balances itself.... You cannot do wrong without suffering wrong.... oneUsedoubleit as crustcrust foror twoapplesingleor mincecrusts.or

Men suffer all their life long, under the foolish superstition that they your favorite chiffon pie.

can be cheated. But it is... impossible for a man to be cheated by

anyone but himself."'If we want to realize our highest possibilities,

we must have selfcontrol, selfdiscipline, and be willing to shape ourGreetA thirdyourmenufamilyiswithreallypipinga Junehot picnic.mugs

selves as responsible, dependable people. If we want a quiet conscience, of split pea soup. Follow this with a

we must keep the commandments. There are prerequisites in all things, coldsalad. meatA relishplatterdishandof rawa hotvegetablespotato

and happiness and personal peace come through living the laws of life. could serve as the salad, but please

rolls to time the herb easy make the meetWe must of conditions if we are to realize the results. takeout the refrigerated baking powder'Ralph Emerson, Compensation. Waldo

it is is biscuits. Dessert just simple—

a slicing of into pretty matter pears *"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia sherbet glasses and pouring chilled

Broadcasting System October 29, 1967. Copyright 1967. orange juice over all.

82 Improvement Era This is liow a revolution begins

Quietly. Without fanfare. turn out even better! Look for

With new improved Fleischmann's easy adaptyour-recipe directions

Yeast. And this new NoDissolve, on every package of new

Rapidmix method. improved Fleischmann's Yeast!)

Now, for the first time ever, you Want new recipes? You'll find

don't have to start by dissolving the 65 great new Rapidmix ideas In yeast. There's no need to warm Fleischmann's New Treasury of

the bowl. No worrying about the right Yeast Baking. Plus a wealth of

water temperature. No risk of handy howto hints. And this

killing the yeast. exciting, colorful, lavishly

illustrated 32page cookbook is

You just mix the yeast with the yours FREE. How to get it? See details This revolutionary new NoDissolve

dry ingredients when you bake the on Fleischmann's Yeast packages. Rapidmix method has been

new NoDissolve Rapidmix way. Quickly, get some today. You'll developed for you by the makers of

Yeast, people Fleischmann's the

And the results? Spectacular! surprise your family—and yourself!

to this country brought yeast who

Better than when you baked the 100 years ago. Today, with new

oldfashioned way. (Yes, all your

improved Fleischmann's Yeast and favorite recipes adapt easily to the new Rapidmix method, you can the new Rapidmix method—and start a revolution... the most

delicious revolution in history!

ANOTHER FINE PRODUCT OF STANDARD BRANDS INCORPORATED

Menu #3 31 cupscup slicedsliced celerycooked potatoes Combineand pepperpotatoes,in saucepan.celery, Cutparsley,baconsalt,in

Piping Hot Split Pea Soup 2 tablespoons minced parsley small pieces; fry until crisp; add vineHot Potato Salad Cold Meat Platter 1 teaspoon salt gars and lemon to bacon and bacon

Raw Vegetable Relishes Dash of pepper fat. Heat; pour over potato mixture.

*Herb Rolls 4 strips bacon Dice unpeeled apples. Add with raisins

Sliced Pears in Orange Juice 2 tablespoons cider vinegar to potato mixture; mix well; heat to

2 tablespoons tarragon vinegar serving temperature. Serve hot.

Hot Potato Salad 1 slice lemon (Serves 6 to 8) 3 red apples Herb Rolls boiling 1 cup water boiling Pour let water over raisins; refrigerated baking Roll out powder raisins cup golden stand or threeVz two minutes; drain; cool. into biscuits threeinch rounds. Spread

with soft butter. Sprinkle with finely

chopped parsley, chives, or dill. Roll

up, and place with seam side down on a cookie sheet. Bake as directed on

package.

Richard L. Evans

The Spoken Word face.LunchTrytimeservingtoo canthosepresenthungrya chilnew

dren French toasted sandwiches and strawberry milk shakes. The strawof '0 the kind words we give strawberryberries comepreservesfrom a addedlarge spoonfulto the milk

and vanilla ice cream.

of words an old song a subject: suggest us "Let oft speak kind French Toasted SandwichesThe

.."'to other, words each wher-e'er At be.. home or may we

Xegatively, it suggests another subject: the opposite of kindness, which andPrepareSwisssix sandwichescheese, Dipof deviledsandwichesham

is cruelty. There is so much need of kindness, and yet so many kinds into a mixture of three beaten eggs,

of cruelty—the physical kind and the sometimes almost cruder, subtler one1/2 teaspooncup milk,dry1/2 mustard.teaspoon Brownsalt, andon

kind—the cruelty of sarcasm, the cruelty of indifference, the cruelty of both sides in butter or margarine in

neglect, the cruelty of ignoring people, of making them feel small, skillet.serve hot.Cut each sandwich in half;

inadequate, foolish, or frustrated. There is the smaller boy who is

picked on; the gang or crowd cruelty; the cruelty of the pilingon

process; the cruelty of ridicule. The world is physically harsh at times- A surprise lunch could be creamed

fighting the elements, making a livingand survival is sometimes diffiwaffleschipped orbeefin orcreamtuna puffservedshells.over hotAn

cult. But it is not the harshness of nature we have so much in mind as ice cream sandwich would be just right

the cruelty of man to man. Everyone has need of kindness, of love, of to Forstartanotherthe childrenlunch, backanyoneto greetedschool.

understanding, and of the uplift these give to life. The kindness and with a bowl of cream of chicken soup

love of parents from infancy on pays rich returns—not sentimentalism, fins(cannedplusvariety)whippedandfruithot gelatinA and Bwouldmufnot pampering or spoiling, but sincere, consistent love and kindness. If go back to school nourished and happy.

children feel they can come to open arms and open hearts, we shall A and B Muffins keep them closer. With kindness, we can keep all people closer. Con- (12 large muffins)

structive discipline is necessary, and sometimes patience seems exhausted, but we should be quite sure that patience isn't too soon cut short. Indeed, 6 slices bacon

deliberate unkindness punishes the punisher as well as the punished. No Vi2 teaspooncups siftedbakingflour soda

one can be cruel without leaving selfinflicted marks and without harden- 2 teaspoons baking powder ing himself inside. \Vhatever we do to others redounds to us. "Kind 341 teaspoonteaspoon saltsugar

words,"said Jeremy Bentham, "cost no more than unkind ones.... Yz teaspoon cinnamon

1 egg, beatenand we may scatter the seeds of courtesy and kindliness around us at so cup milk V3 little expense. If you would fall into any extreme let it be on the side 3 cup applesauce

of gentleness. The human mind is so constructed that it resists vigor Cook bacon until lightly browned and

[force] and yields to softness [kindness]."- "O the kind words we give crisp. Drain and reserve drippings.

shall in memory live and sunshine forever impart; Let us oft speak kind flour,Break soda,bacon bakinginto pieces.powder,Siftsugar,togethersalt,

words to each other; Kind words are sweet tones of the heart."'and cinnamon. Mix together egg, milk,

applesauce, 1/3 cup bacon drippings,

Oft'Joseph L. Townsend, "Let Us Speak Kind Words."andingredientspieces ofandbacon.stir onlyAdd untilliquid dryto dryin- p. Deontology, 130. Bentham,-Jeremy

gredients are moistened. Fill greased

Square,'"The Spoken full. Temple over Word"from presented a muffin KSL and tine Columbia 2V2inch pan Bake in %

F. 1967. 17,Broadcasting Copyright 1967. System September minutes. 18 to hot oven 400 20 O

84 Improvement Era These Times *|B LEARN IN THE LAND OF ZION

OLLYWOOD

EAUTY

OLLEGE

I HOME OFFICE: 245 SO. MAIN

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 841 1 1

The beauty profession is fascinating and exciting.

You can learn to be a leading hair stylist for such little cost.

Train with the Nation's Leading

Cosmetology Instructors, and enjoy the beauty of Salt Lake Valley during your leisure hours.

Write to Mr. James R. Trapp for

information.

COMMISSION FOR COSMETOLOGY SCHOOLSGeneral Bradley, ACCREDITED BY THE NATIONAL ACCREDITING the War BLACK & WHITE in Vietnam, Durham ''''Arizona State I llWIlF 8 exposure roll University! FILMSCllanriIVj 1QRI vOO President,

DEVELOPED & PRINTED "After tramping throughout the was not a signatory of the muchIN JUMBO SIZE length and width of South Viet Nam, refcrrcdto Geneva Agreement of 1954. 12 exposures 504 20 exposures $1.00

going wherever I wanted to go and But General Bradley's words, "this 36 exposures $1.50

right Italking place, right talk, to at the at the is a war wanted to whomever COLOR FILM right this at time that the with and enemy,"is a warI am convinced the right place, at the right time crystallize a firm point of view. DEVELOPING

are certainly that People there awareand with the right enemy—the KODACOLOR

Roll 8-Exposure per is since especially the "escala- a war,Communists."Printing Dev. and $2.55

Thus wrote General Omar N. tion"of 1965. Many have come to 12Exposure Roll perroll

rollBradley in Look, November 14, 1967. view it as the wrong war, at the ColorDev. andReprintsPrinting $3.00204 each

He was reporting 14 days with the wrong, place, even if the enemy is the

COLORColor Slides SLIDES pertroops. From the combined military right enemy. General MacArthur's 1 35 mm

and political viewpoint, and as a stated warning is still remembered: don't get 20 exp., Dev. and Mount...$1.35 roll

135 mm Color Slides per opinion of what U.S. national interests involved in a land war in Asia. Many 36 exp., Dev. and Mount... $2.40 roll

are at stake. General Bradley's blunt remember reading about Napoleon's Color Movie per

8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 roll

statement is one of the clearest thus Russian campaign of 1812, how the

far sheer, offered. the force oftrepeated statement vast landmass and The of GENEALOGY PHOTOS toabout destroy tlic elements the U.S. for the the combined "commitment"of OLD NEGATIVES MADE

security of the South Vietnamese is mightiest power in Europe. Defeated PHOTOS, 604 each. PRINTS

more complicated. It communicates was Napoleon's Grand Army, and disof NEGATIVE, 54 each

less meaning for the average citizen besolved, his empire. The prospects of Send coin only—no C.O.D.'s

cause, among other things, the U.S. American land involvement in Asia MoneyBack Guarantee

SAM'S PHOTO LAB P.O. Box 1 11 5 Dept. AA Salt Lake City, Utah

January 1968 85 are even more humbling. must have carefully chosen his words, Briefly, he put it this way: "As with

General Bradley's experience and his and "war"is not an acceptable word Berlin, Greece, Korea and Cuba, Viet past national service entitle his views in the current processes of civilized Nam is a proving ground. This is no

to more than passing notice. Why nations. To go further and state that simple, civil war.... It is, in essence,

would he assert, in the light of his a war can be "right,"with the "right"a laboratory experiment, executed with knowledge of military history, that the enemy at the "right"time and place, callous disregard for human life by

American involvement was a war at appeared to be reprehensible to many. those in Hanoi and Peking who want

the "right place, at the right time"? So General Bradley's case and his stateto see if the protracted war theories of

To forthrightly term the conflict as ment have to bear all possible burdens Mao Tsetung will work. If these

"war"may itself serve the cause of and criticisms at once. But let us look theories hold in Viet Nam, they unclarifying the issues. The old soldier at his case. questionably will be applied elsewhere,

and we shall have to confront them again and again."

Mao is more than a Hunanese scholar and poet. He is one of the *

Richard L. Evans most experienced generals of guerilla

warfare in history. His doctrines of

warfare, extended Lin Piao, by The Spoken Word military were and utilized Minh, by Ho Chi developed over 40 years ago. Their

Failure to Confide successful application made Mao virtual emperor of China nearly 20 years of the more urgent needs of our time, or of any other, is underago. They have been interpreted byOnestanding; and one of the ways of understanding is communication. Lin Piao, Mao's defense minister and

Understanding and communication are essential in all relationships of his onetime "dearest comrade,"as a life: in marriage, in families, between business partners, among neighmeans of capturing the world.

bors, among nations, and understanding even in our own homesGuerilla warfare is viewed as a understanding of those who are nearest to us. And of utmost importance means, in a single country, for the

is understanding between parents and children. Too many in this most overthrow and capture of the "cities"

vital relationship of life keep things too close to themselves. One of and their wealth by the "country."

the surest safeguards for young people is to confide in those to whom In the Chinese Communist theory, they are responsible; to share problems and experiences, plans and underdeveloped China (and others)

purposes; to account for their goings and comings, for where they are, are the "country."The guerillas operfor the company they keep. This isn't intrusion upon privacy, but a ate in the "country."From the

safeguard in a relationship and responsibility that God has given. There "country"the guerillas will overthrow

is wisdom in counsel; there is safety in counsel. There is error, there and capture the "cities."The cities are

is heartache without it. Why should we shut out of our confidence the U.S. and the industrially developed

those who have done the most for us, those who should mean the most rest of the world.

to us, those who have given us life and nurtured and cared for us and In 1927 Mao introduced his now given us their love? Why should we sometimes seem to trust more some famous guerilla slogans: "Obey orders

recent or quick acquaintance or someone who has no responsibility for at all times.""Do not take a needle or

us, or no longproved interest in us? Why should we brashly and even a piece of thread from the

stubbornly decide to go it alone in life? Part of the heritage we have people.""Turn in all confiscated

is the experience of the past, which includes the experience of parents. property to headquarters."A careful

Wise and responsible people take counsel with each other in many reading of these simple rules will matters. And children make many mistakes that could have been quickly demonstrate Mao's road to past

prevented when they fail to confide, when they fail to seek the counsel success. In 1947 Mao's injunctions

of those who love them and upon whom they have closest claims. were officially listed and published.

Failure to confide in those who have the greatest interest in us is a They were based on the foregoing three most unfortunate failure. In counsel with parents, with families, with rules and the following six injunctions:

proved and seasoned friends—with those we can ti*ust—there is safety 1. Engage in propaganda wherever

and satisfaction and assurance. we go—spread the revolutionary policy

far and wide.

over Square, presented Temple Word"from *'The Spoken KSL and the Columbia 2. Respect and protect public prop1967. 1967. Copyright 24, Broadcasting September System

86 Improvement Era CHOIR erty; do not waste the wealth of the Greece, and the Cuban missile crisis. FESTIVAL

revolution. If otherwise, General Bradley has, in a MUSIC

3. Adopt a courteous attitude when lew words, summarized the nature and

talking with anybody; we should never issue in a professional's direct way.

lose our temper or quarrel with anyone. In addition to everything else, war Sing All Ye Righteous SATB

4. Pay a reasonable price for everyand warfare ultimately have a way of Lord Will Comfort Zion SATB

thing bought, never lower than the distilling people's judgments. A good Gospelof GodIs Truly the Power SATB

market price. many cool heads do not consider Ho If With All Your Hearts (SSA)

5. Return furniture borrowed from Chi Minh and the Viet Cong (despite Heavenly Light SATB '

the people once it is finished with; Red Chinese and Russian support) as Onward, Ye Peoples! SATB

do not let it be lost, but let the bor- a serious Communist threat to the Saviour, Like a Shepherd

Lead Us SATB rower return it in person. strategic interests of the United States. Safe In Thy Hands SATB

6. If a piece of furniture is damaged Many of these arc our bestinformed Lord Bless and Keep You SATB

in use, the owners should be paid people on Chinese and Asian history, Hallelujah, Amen SATB compensation. customs, aspirations, and feelings. They

These injunctions suggest some of see the influence of Communism, cerNew lists available

SSAA.the power behind the slogans and tainly, in the war. But overriding for SSA—SATB—TTBB—

sayings of Mao. Countless new ones Communist doctrine and action, they We will supply at your request.

have appeared to agitate the young Red sec the geographic and cultural limitaGuard in recent years. There is more tions of the Annamese, the Tonkinese,

here than the wisdom of a guerilla the Vietnamese, the Chinese, and general leading a peasant army and other concerns.

living off the country. Here is a Others are even more certain and

mobilized political doctrine. Mao's definite that the issues are clearly

poems are many and varied. Two are drawn; that Ho is a mere pawn; that 327 Broadway, Idaho Falls, Idaho

germane to guerilla warfare. They the worst is to be expected; and that

illustrate some of the problems of those General Bradley and a lot of other the confront Viet Cong guerillaswho people are finding out the true facts GENEALOGY tardily. jungles of Vietin the Nam:

The issue has penetrated deeply into Negative 25c "When the enemy advances, we retreat. American life. During 1967 it became Genealogy Print.05c

When he escapes, we harrass. part of the dialogue preceding the 1968 FREE FREE FREE

When he retreats, we pursue. presidential election campaign.

When he is tired, we attack."The division of opinion during parts this ad worth 50c on any orders

of last year were reminiscent of the * Highest quality "When he burns, we put out the fire. division that appeared in the North * Satisfaction Guaranteed

When he loots, we attack. during the Civil War, and which * groupsSpecial orDiscountlarge ordersto church

When he pursues, we hide. emerged during the election of 1864.

When he retreats, we return."Early in that conflict, the New York Custom Photo Service

City Council had adopted a "dove"

Although it is said the root ideas for position. The election of 1864 was a Genealogy picture specialists

these sentiments derive from Sun Wu, bitter one. The same may be true in P. 0. Box 11587 Zip 84111

who lived some time around 500 b.c, 1968. But within the United States, 1102 East 3300 South

Salt Lake City, Utah their significance for the current situathe debates that accompany a presidentialtion election is apparent. serve usually

to clarify Earn While the issues to bring and substantial remaining question concerning The

Showing General Bradley's thesis concerns the agreement in the end, after the votes

Gay Lee Exquisite nature of the enemy. If the Chinese have been counted. Mr. Truman was

Lingerie of Modesty and Vietnamese Communists are conhard-pressed during the Korean conYou a consultant can be cerned not with world revolution, but flict. Many thought that was the in your stake, and have

with historic Asiatic conditions, the "right"or the "wrong"war. Great growingan excitingfieldcareerof fashion.in the

war may have been fought for less power carries great responsibilities. The Call or write:

strategic considerations than the Berlin American people face a time of testing Salt 2511Lake SouthCity, WestUtah Temple4862359 airlift, Korea, the Truman Doctrine in in 1968.

January 1968 87 End of an Era

I met a Admiration: Our politeA teacher received the following My missionary companion and

excuse for a child's absence: group of eiders on a street corner and recognition of another man's

"Please excuse me for not comwere discussing matters of mutual inresemblance to ourselves.

to school ing yesterday. My terest. I noticed a small boy standing—Ambrose Bierce died, cousin and I had to be a ball

bearing for the coffin."nearby, listening intently to our conversation. Before long I felt a firm

tug on my coat. "Hey, lady,"the lad

Every man should have a fairsized asked, "are all those guys named

Be like the sun and the meadow, Elmer?"—Carol Fielding McCabe, Idaho faultscemeteryof hisin friends.whicli to bury the

which are not in the least conFalls, Idaho cerned about the coming winter.—Henry Ward Beecher

Many a man wishes he were—-George Bernard Shaw strong enough to tear a telephone book in half—especially People seldom improve when

if he has a teenage daughter. they have no model but themselves to copy. Tim and Terry, two small—Guy Lombardo, orchestra leader brothers, were sent to wash—Oliver Goldsmith

their hands for dinner. Tim

held his hands up proudly. A college student was sur-

"Mine are dirtier than prised by a warm "Hi, Antique dealer: "This vase is

yours,"he said. "Sure,"Steve,"as he entered his in- 2,000 years old. Be very careful

answered Terry. "You're a stitute class on the first in moving it."Moving man: "You

whole year older than I am!"day of the semester. He sat can depend on me, professor. I'll

down and peered over his be as careful of it as if it were—Roberta Rich, Lansing, Michigan shoulder at the source of new!

the greeting—a nicelook-

ing but unknown coed. Curious about how she knew his

The poiver tvhich belongs name, he scribbled on a We believe in a God who is in to the true riches is gained by piece of paper, "How much himself progressive, whose pursuing a righteous course, do you know about me?"majesty is intelligence; whose

by maintaining an upright The answer came back in a perfection consists in eternal deportment towards all wen, minute: "Just your name,"advancement; the perpetual work

the especially towards and stands whose creation lit of face the student's to Then yielding household of faith, forever""finished yet renewed wrote as he up brightly freely other, giving of each his attained a has Being who like to back, you "Would given the has ivhich that Lord state a path exalted which by did. she And know more?"secure can thus to you, you follow; his children whose now

to yourselves eternal riches.—Elder Douglas R. White, glory it is their heritage to

—President Brigham Young Monterey, Mexico share.—Elder James E. Talmage

"End of an Era"will pay $3 for humorous anecdotes and experiences relating to Latterday Saint way of life. Maximum length 150 words.

88 Improvement Era Become a student of the world! Travel with BYU Study Tours.

Plan an LDS tour of Europe, the Bible Lands, Central and South America or the remote and romantic South Pacific Islands with experienced

Pacific 11 South Tour Arts l Peoples Tour History and Tour 7 Church 4. 5 -Dec. BYU directors, of 14. Hill 18Aug. Pageant Europe. Tour Nov. Cumorah June

Approx. *2,067. July 26Aug. 4. From 299. Approx. * 1,65 3.

2 Student Europe Tour 8 Round the World Tour 12 Hawaiian SocioJune 13Aug. 14. June 19July 30. Cultural Tour. July 29Approx. * 1,698. Approx. 5 1,890. Aug. 20. Approx. 1,653.

3 Genealogy Tour to 9 Central AmericaMexico 13 Mexico summer

Britain. July 10Aug. 15. Tour. June 19July 6. residence. June 14Aug. 15.

Approx. 5598. Approx. *793. Approx. *595.

4 Europe in a nutshell. 10 South America Tour 14 Semesters Program.

July 28Aug. 19. Oct. 15Nov. 15. Salsburg, Grenoble

Approx. $998. Approx. 5 1,769, and Jerusalem.

5 Europe Economy Tour 15. July9Aug. Brigham Young University Approx. *1,262.

6 Bible Lands Tour May 26June 17.

Approx. 1,357.

HRCB ROOM 202 9 BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY 10 UTAH PROVO, 11 B4601 Please send literature on the tours I have circled. 14

NAME.

ADDRESS.

*You need not be a college student to CITY. STATE.ZIP accompany a BYU Travel Study Tour.

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

At last! tax breakA for the sdfemployed!

A Beneficial Life Retirement Plan can qualify you for a tax deduction of up to 100% of your contributions.

Under the terms of the new Keogh

Bill, selfemployed persons will be eligible to deduct contributions toward a qualified retirement plan.

Beneficial Life has such a plan to suit your specific needs... talk it

over with your Beneficial agent.

Take advantage of this important tax break for the selfemployed—now!

BENEFICIAL LIFE

Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah