IMPROVEMENT

ERA

Vol. XVI SEPTEMBER., 1913 No. 11

ORGAN OK THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, THE YOUNG MEN'S MUTUAL

MPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS AND THE SCHOOLS OF THE CHURCH OF

JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE GENERAL BOARD AT SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Conference Salt Lake City October 4-5-6

Usual Low Excursion Rates from

Arizona and Texas Points via Daggett and Colton in conSalt Lake Route BEFORE THE SMOKE nection with the

CLEARS AWAY LONG LIMITS—STOPOVERS

On your firestricken shop, factory, for tickets via this Route.office or store, you can resume busiAsk

ness if insured with us. No long

unnecessary delays In adjusting-, no For information see your haggling over terms; but prompt payment of losses every time. It's to our Railroad Agent or write

again—weInterest to canget youInsureFet youup inagain.business T. C PECK, a P. A.,

HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY OF UTAH Los Angeles

J.H. MANDLRFIELD,

G. P. A., Salt Lake CityHeber J. Grant & Gc. %:z

2028 So. Main St. Salt Lake City Utah

BOTB PHOtffcS 351 Jos. Wm Taylor Three Daily

Utah's Leading Undertaker and Licensed Embalmer.

Principles Fine Funeral Chappl, Private Parlor, Show Ro una and.Morgue The Result

i OFFICE OPEN E AY AND NIGHT "SAFETY FIRST"High Quality 21, 23 and 25 South West Temple St. Service when 2 you travel via 1 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

"COURTESY""The StandCAREFUL ATTENard Lines of

TION to details"the West"By These each operAutomatic ating employee Electric of the Safety Block Signal

Protection W pledges his faith

CITT TICKET OFFICE

HOTEL UTAH SALT LAKE CITT SERMONETS

"Never tell all you know; save some thoughts for seed."

"If I cannot do great things, I can do small things in a great way."

"A man who speculates, however carefully, with money which was confided to him as a trustee to keep safely, not to use, is a pal of the burglar,—only more wicked, because he

betrays a trust."Wilbur F. Crafts.

A friend of the Era writes: "He who blows tobacco into

my face insults me. Why not have a law, at least an unwritten law, prohibiting smoking in public places? This

would not infringe on the rights of the smoker, who may smoke if he wants to but not when it annoys the public."

In the Rio Grande Service Gazette, a monthly railroad publication, B. F. Bush, President of the Missouri Pacific

Railway, says: "We never lose anything by loyalty to the

interests we serve. Loyalty is a solemn obligation every man

owes his employer. It not only raises his own standard of

manhood but it elevates the esteem in which he is regarded by others. Practically every successful man has been loyal;

few, indeed, who are not, have ever made even a commonplace mark in life, and none has ever succeeded in commanding the respect of his fellowmen."

A story is told of former Senator Voorhees, of Indiana, who in a speech he made some twenty years ago against a prohibitory amendment, asked the following question: "My

farmer friends, what is to become of your great corn crops in this country, if prohibition is to be adopted?"

An old democratic farmer arose and said: "Do you really

want an answer to that question, Mr. Voorhees?"

"Yes, my friend,"said the senator, straightening himself to his full height, "I am seeking for information."

"Well, then,"replied the farmer, "I will tell you what we will do with our corn crop. We will raise more pork and

less hell!"

Improvement Era

Vol. XVI SEPTEMBER, 1913 No. 11

Poetry and its Mission

BY ORSON F. WHITNEY.

I have never seen nor heard an adequate definition of poetry.

There are some things that cannot be defined in full. They are

infinite, while human speech is finite, and the lesser cannot bound the greater. Setting at naught our terminologies, they refuse to

be measured by our tapelines or sounded by our plummets.

imagine them saying"What fools these mortals be!"—one can or ideas—as they obamong themselves—these mighty themes

serve our futile attempts to circumscribe and interpret them, merrily laughing all the while at our discomfiture. The human

mind, infinite in potentialities, is walled in by mortal metes and bounds. Man must develop to infinitude before he will be able

to comprehend and express the whole truth concerning poetry and its mission.

Dryden says: "A poet is a maker, as the word signifies, and

he who cannot make, that is, invent, hath his name for nothing."

In other words, a poem is a creation, and the poet a creator. But

what does this tell? The word "opera"is the Latin plural of

wiser are we, after hearing suchopus—a work. But how much

definitions, than we were before? A wheelbarrow is a work—

an automobile is a creation. But they bear no particular resemblance to a lyric drama or an epic poem. The case is a little different with the aeroplane, which does have the ability to soar.

It is our highest work, our loftiest creation—in a mechanical

way.

Poetry is defined in the dictionaries as metrical composition, or the art of making verses. Many people get no farther than

that in their comprehension of the subject. To them all verse is

poetry, and all other writings prose. But the terms poetry and

verse, though synonymous, are not identical in meaning. One is

much bigger than the other. Poetry means far more than verse.

Poetry may include verse, but verse does not necessarily include

*An address delivered at the third annual session of the Utah

Chautauqua assembly, Glenwood Park, Ogden, Utah, July 20, 1913.

1046 IMPROVEMENT ERA

poetry, the essence of which, I need hardly inform this audience, is in thoughl and sentiment, more than in rhythm and rhyme.

These hold the same relation to poetry as a man's clothing does to his body; it is no part of his physical frame, hut is necessary

to make him presentable. A piece of furniture may serve its main

purpose without paint, polish, or gilding; but these are generally

desirable, in order to make it attractive. A poetic thought, well

dressed, is all the more pleasing to the mind, and consequently all the more capable of good.

There is, however, a subtle and essential relation between poetic sentiment and rhythmical expression. The spirit must

have a body, a fitting one; and the two combined constitute the

soul. This is just as true of a poem as it is of a man or woman.

Let it not be overlooked, either, that the sentiment is the spirit, the most important part; while the language—rhyme, rhythm

the body of the poem, necessary, not to its exisand all—is only

tence, but to its perfection, as a finished product of inspired art.

Nor be it forgotten that the body without the spirit is dead, being alone. This is the case with much that is called poetry. It is all

body and no spirit. Tons upon tons of verses contain little or no

poetry, while prose is ofttimes replete with it. All poetry is song.

Tf it does not sing it is not poetry, however grammatical or rhetorical it may be. All birds are not larks and nightingales.

Poetry, as a literary product, has three grand divisions—lyric,

epic, and dramatic. The lyric is so called because it signifies, in

general, poetry adapted to the lyre, or to be sung with a musical accompaniment. The distinguishing characteristic of the lyric

is its subjectivity. The poet is singing of himself, expressing his

own thoughts and emotions, as distinct from those of other=.

These individual expressions, however, may voice the sentiments of the multitude. The poet is the representative of his race and

time—ego speaking for alter ego or the cosmos, and his inspired

song, however original, is "what oft was thought, but ne'er so well expressed."For instance, what heart fails to echo that tender plaint in Tennyson's "In Memoriam:"

"I hold it true wliate'er befall,

I feel it when I sorrow most:

'Tis better to have loved and lost.

Than never to have loved at all."

In the epic poem the object, in lieu of the subject, predominates. There the poet is outside of himself, singing of externals.

A narrative of heroic adventure, in verse or its equivalent, is the standard of the epic, the greatest examples of which are Homer's "Iliad,"Virgil's "neid,"and Milton's "Paradise Lost."The

enic may have lyric features, and vice versa, as in the case of

Dante's "Divine Comedy"—a Ivricepic from beginning to end.

At the mention of dramatic poetry, the Greek tragedies and

POETRY AND ITS MISSION. 1047

Shakespeare's plays come before the mind's eye as the noblest specimens of the remaining grand division of song. Here also the

poet deals with externals. The drama is a

story put into action a representation, by actual persons, of men and women historical or fanciful, with imitations of language, voice, gesture, dress, and other accessories.

The highest quality that any poem can possess—be it dramatic,

epic or lyric—is suggestiveness, the power to

call up in the mind of the reader or auditor something beyond itself, something in advance of his or her surroundings.

The proof of a great poem or a great play is its power to suggest more than the printed word tells, more than ORSON F. WHITNEY

the scene and the action present. Most of the song is sung in the listener's soul; most of

in that small section of space visible across thetheauditor—notdramatic action takes place in the mind, the imagination, of the

footlights.

One of the most poetic of poems is Richard Realf's "Indirection."Realf was said to be "the nnhappiest of men,"but he

certainly was happy, in a literary sense, when he gave to the world this beautiful song:

Fair are the flowers and the children, but their subtle suggestion is fairer; Rare is the roseburst of dawn, but the secret that clasps it is rarer;

Sweet the exultance of song, but the strain that precedes it ij sweeter;

And never was poem yet writ, but the meaning outmastered the meter.

Never a daisy that grows, but a mystery guideth the growing;

Never a river that flows, but a majesty scepters the flowing;

Never a Shakespeare that soared, but a stronger than he did enfold him.

Nor ever a prophet foretells, but a mightier seer hath foretold him.

Back of the canvas that throbs, the painter is hinted and hidden;

Into the statue that breathes, the soul of the sculptor is bidden;

Under the joy that is felt lie the infinite issues of feeling;

Crowning the glory revealed is the glory that crowns the revealing.

[048 IMPROVEMENT ERA

( irc.it arc the symbols of being, bui thai which is symboled is greater;

Vas1 the create and beheld, bui vaster the inward creator;

Back of the sound broods the silence, back of the gift stands the giving;

Back of the hand thai receives thrill the sensitive nerves of receiving.

Space is as nothing to spirit, the <lec<l is outdone by the doing;

The heart of the wooer is warm, but warmer the heart of the wooing:

And up from the pits where these shiver, and up from the heights where those shine.

Twin voices and shadows swim starward, and the essence of life is divine.

to do The highest poetry is essentially prophetic—having

with the ideal. The prophet is a poet, whether or not he he a

versebuilder; and the poet must be prophetic, or he will "have his

name for nothing."A fine delineation of the poet and his mission

is that given by Dr. J. G. Holland: "The poets of the world are

the prophets of humanity; they forever reach after and foresee the

ultimate good. They are evermore building the Paradise that is

to be, painting the Millennium that is to come. When the world

shall reach the poet's ideal, it will arrive at perfection; and much

good will it do the world to measure itself by this ideal, and struggle to lift the real to its lofty level."

Anything is poetic that stands for something greater than itself. "Man,"says Carlyle, "is a symbol of God."Why not, if

the affirmation in Genesis be true, that God created man in his own image? Man's likeness to his Maker, and his possession, in the

potential, of divine attributes, is recognized by Shakespeare when he says of "the paragon of animals:""In apprehension how like a

God!"Man suggests God, and is therefore poetic—a poem

incarnate.

The Gospel of the Christ is a poetic, because prophetic, scheme for human progress and exaltation. Its principles an 1

ordinances are fraught with symbolism—the very essence of

poetry. Bantism, for instance, signifies a birth—the beginning of

a new life; hence it is made the doorway to God's kingdom. Baptism is poetic because it stands for something greater—namely,

the resurrection. To be baptized, or to undergo resurrection, is

to be "born again."This is poetry.

The Sacrament of the Lord's Supper derives its sacredness and sublimity from the fact that it is emblematic and symbolical.

Tt is not the bread and wine (or water) that signifies; but the

fact that they represent the body and blood of the world's Redeemer. Some Christians believe that the elements of the Eucharist

arc converted into the actual flesh and blood of Christ. We

don't all hold to that, but we may all believe, without impiety, th-'t they are converted into pcetry by their typical and representative character.

The parables of Jesus a-e poems, and there is nothing more

POETRY AND ITS MISSION 1049

beautiful in the whole realm of literature than that simple, sublime, prosepoem of the Master's: "Consider the lilies of the field, how

they grow; they toil not, neither do they spin; and yet I say unto

you, that even Solomon, in all his glory, was not arrayed like one of these."If I were asked to define poesy, I would say: "It is a key

to the symbolism of the universe. Or, to make it more clear

Poetry itself is that symbolism, and the poetic faculty is the key.

lesser representingGod has built his universe upon symbols—the

the greater, and leading up to its comprehension; and he or she

who possesses to the full this Godgiven and divine faculty, is or will yet be able to interpret all mysteries. By means of this power,

inherent in humanity, possessed in some degree by all men, the mind can be led step by step "from wisdom on to higher wisdom,"the lesser pointing out the greater, the type or promise suggesting the fulfilment, and merging into the performance, until eventually all things are known.

Herein is the greatness of the is essentially a prophet—he

poet, and to him "the Gods reveal their secrets."He alone "understandeth among all the sons of men."Shakespeare is not the

greatest of it may seem heresy to so declare, the poets—though

world having canonized him as such. That is because of his wonderful worldly his the world can wisdom—which appreciate—and

no less marvelous art of portrayal, the power of presentation. But

Shakespeare is not to be compared with Christ, the model Prophet and Poet. Shakespeare tells us of this world and of the human

it incomparably; but that is as far as he can go. Toheart—tells

all that went before, or that lies beyond, the immortal Bard of theAvon is blind and deaf and dumb. There is but One—and hemightiest of the Sons of God—who hath prevailed to open the

sealed book, the poem of Eternal Life, of which he is the Author.

Some people think that the poet has no mission, that the world no longer needs him, and that poetry is obsolete, out of date. Hear what a Chicago University professor said upon this

subject

"There is no great thought, no worthy emotion, which may not be better exoressecl in prose than in verse today. Verse was the primitive

expression of man's thought. Rhythm was the characteristic of his

first crude literary efforts. Homer, Dante and Shakespeare cast their

thoughts and emotions in verse because the metrical form was the only adequate method of expression invented in their day. English prose

has been developed to the point, however, where it is a finer, more subtle instrument of wider scope than English verse, and poetry's chief excuse for being has been destroyed.

"Literary truth is truth to nature. Poetrv is artificial and bears

the deadly brand of insincerity in its form. The passing of the verse

form is strikingly shown by the grip which Kipling has on the Englishspeaking world. His poetry is the nearest approximation to ideal

prose which I know, and I think this truth is the secret of his grip.

1050 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Wall Whitman is a greal literary power for the same reason. He

evolved a style of verse which defied convention and sacrificed form to truth and effect. I would nol decry the great singers of the centuries,

hut the poets of the twentieth century will follow Ruskin, Newman and Pater, instead of Milton, Wordsworth or Keats."

The best answer to the affirmation that poetry has no mission, is the. fact that God continues to send poets into the world.

is to charge the AllwiseTo say that they have no business here

Sender with incompetence, if not imbecility. Poetry may be out

is God, so is the Gospel; but thatof date with some people—so

does not prove that they are no longer needed. The inference is

quite in the opposite direction.

Certain forms of verse may be out of date, and others may pass, in their turn, as words and phrases perish; but the spirit of

poetry will live on, must live, no matter how often it changes its garb or varies the style of its apparel. The spirit of poesy is

eternal. Like the spirit of man, it does not die when the bo;ly

perishes, and like the human form, it changes not with the coming and going of the fashions. It is essentially creative, and will

make for itself in the future, as it has in the past, new and varied forms of expression, in which, however, there will always be similarities, resemblances, as in the bodies of men, and in the costumes worn by them from age to age. Poetic forms, true and

genuine, with the ring of inspiration in them, proclaim their divine origin more surely and more strikingly than "the apparel proclaims the man."

The reason some people have no taste for poetry, is because they can't eat it, nor wear it as a hat or coat. They are forever

apparel. Thevthinking of the body and its needs—its food and

forget that they have minds, hearts, and spirits, that must be clothed and fed lest they starve and perish. Poetry is supposed

by them to represent the ideal exclusively—something impractical, or of no particular use; while commerce, politics, and such

like factors and forces, stand for the practical or real.

But the poetic and the practical are not necessarilv at variance; they are close kin, and ought to be firm friends. The poetic

must have the on rent day; and the pracpractical—particularlytical needs the poetic—"needs it every hour."It is the spiritand-body argument over again. Poetry has inspired inventive

thought, stimulated research, and led to practical discoveries in all ages. One of the Wright Brothers, famous in American aviation,

was asked the question: "What is the chief requisite of an aviator?"He promptly replied, "Imagination,"giving as his reason that the airship sails on an unknown sea, an untried element,

and the bird man must be ready for any emergencv that may arise -—for anv fact that fancy can suggest, that experience could possibly realize. Tn other words, the aviator must be a at poet—or

least poetic, to insure his success and safety. The poet is imaginaPOETRY AND ITS MISSION 1051

sits at the wheel as the pilot of its des-—thetion personified.true birdman—whoPoesy is the airship of literature, and the poettinies, would be absolutely helpless without imagination—-would

be not and could not be a poet. nil—would

So far from being converted to the view that prose is a better medium of expression than poetry, I am firmly of the opinion that it is the inadequacy of prose to express some thoughts and emotions that renders poetry essential; and that its "chief excuse

for being"has not been destroyed by the development of prose to its present state of perfection. As well might it be contended

that the manufacture of business suits by some merchant tailor at the head of his craft, has been perfected to such a degree that the full dress, the army or navy uniform, the stage or court costume, is no longer essential, having been superseded by the everyday apparel of the hustling man of affairs. This would be dem-

a vengeance, equal to the wholeocracy—verbal democracy—with

sale abolition of titles proposed by the reverend author of the

Declaration of Independence.

Language is the clothing of thought, the apparel of ideas, and varied forms and styles of expression are as necessary as different suits of dress to men and women in society—kitchen, parlor, cabinet, field, or workshop. The chitchat of the street, the

talk of the shop, may find its way into the drawing room, but it is out of place there. Nor is the polite conversation of the drawing room usually equal to the diction of a magazine article or

newspaper editorial, the language of a lecture, or the impassioned theperiods of an oration—though one mind, pen or tongue be

source of all. As thought and feeling become more intense and

more elevated, they create for themselves better and higher forms of expression; and this is what produces poetry and oratory.

Poetry is condensed oratory, and oratory diluted poetry. Poetry

is inherent in great thoughts and worthy emcf; ons; it springs

from them as Minerva from the brow of Jove. It is the climax

ultra of eloquence. "All inof verbal expression—the ne plus

most things are melodious,"says Carlyle. The higher the thought,

the deeper the emotion, the more apt is it to break forth in poetry.

There is no loftier Spirit than that which brooded over the old

Hebrew prophets, tuning their sublime harps to the music of the spheres and sending their great songs rolling like thunder peals down the centuries.

While it is true that primitive man, unsophisticated, uncommercialized, in close touch with nature and with the infinite, is poetic, it is equally true that th? highest poetrv is the product of

culture and refinement. Whatever his natural gifts and inspiration, the poet must have a pen, a vocabulary, and the skill and

tiste to use them. The inhabitants of the stcne age, though they

had their rhythmic chants and dances, did not converse in tropes, 1052 IM PROVEMENT ER \

ballads;m<l sonnets. Purple and fine linen were not the original

materials for man's apparel. Adam's "rout of skins"came before

Joseph's "coat of many colors."No untutored American Indian.

African savage, or South Sea Islander, could have written the

Hook of Job, the Psalms of David, or the Prophecies of Isaiah.

The authors of those sublime poems were not barbarians; neither

were Homer, Shakespeare and Dante.

\or do I believe that the productions of these great masters would read hotter if rendered into modern English by some prose writer of equal genius with themselves. I cannot believe that the

songs of the future will be written in prose. To me there is still

force in Fletcher's wise saying, "Let me write the ballads of a people, and I care not who makes their laws."

I find no fault with the proposition that literary truth is truth to nature, and that artificiality and insincerity are passing. Lot

them pass. "Ring out the false, ring in the true."But no real

poetry is false. Nor can T conceive that all that is old, even in

verse forms, is unworthy of preservation or present use, and that the experience, art, and methods of the world's immortal songmakers count for nothing in the presence of Ruskin, Pater and

Newman's "ideal prose."

Kipling's near approximation thereto, our University friend thinks, is to he credited with the grip which that poet has on the

Englishsneaking world. Why is it not just as reasonahle to believe that ideal prose owes its excellence and popularity to its near

approximation to poetry? Read Kipling's masterpiece—the "Reyourselves if those insoiring stanzas, so cleancessional"—and ask

cut and precise, so perfect in rhythm and rhyme, would sound hotter, be more impressive, or convey a clearer meaning, if recast and rendered into prose. I do not hesitate to affirm that the noble

thoughts embodied in the "Recessional"owe much of their power and effect to their expression in verse form.

As to Walt Whitman, who, according to our critic, "evolve 1 a stvle of verse which defied convention and sacrificed form to truth and effect,"is it not a fact that he most shocks the reader sacrifice not necessary toby this very sacrifice of poetic form?—a

truth, and barren of effect, except of a disagreeable kind. Whitman's crudities and commonplaces are what mar his work and

prevent much of it from being poetry. We can all admire his lofty

clarion note: "I, solitary and alone, singing in the West, strike

up for a new world!"Rut who can accept as poetry this line:

"1 tucked my trousers in my boottops and went and had a good time?"Such a barbarism might pass in an eccentric ballad of lirct

Harte's or Will Carleton's. hut would hardly be tolerated by

Whitman's warmest admirer in a serious poet of less genius and repute. It is not poetry, it is prose—whether ideal or commonplace I leave my hearers to determine.

POETRY AND ITS MISSION 1053

Whitman, like Shakespeare, is great, not because of his vulgarities, but in spite of them. When he defies conventionality, he

leaves the plane of poesy and descends to prose. "The Good

Gray Poet's"most serious fault, however, is not in "calling a

Democracy—Americanspade a spade."It is ideasin his anddefiantinstitutions—haveassumption thatno Americanancestry;

that they are indigenous to the soil. Every student of history

knows better. History is the whole past, the entire procession of

human events, and Americanism is but one phase of it—preparedfor by what went before, and making ready for what will follow.

American literature is the legitimate descendant of English literature, with such modifications as have come to it by reason of its birth and rearing in new environs and under fresh influences.

The distaste for poetry, like the distaste for religion, is one of the signs of the times. Both are neglected for the same reasons, only cue of which is the false and dead forms in which they

are sometimes clothed. The fault is not with the thing itself, but

with the hackneyed, wornout, method and manner of presentation. Poetry and religion are mainly unpopular because they

have nothing in common with the sordid and the sensual, though they take account of and utilize to their true end and purpose, temporal things. "Among them but not of them,"is the true position of this divine twain in the midst of moneyworship, political

chicanery, and the innumerable tomfooleries of society. Their

mission is to correct such evils, and lead the human mind and life up to loftier planes. We need not fear for poesy, nor doubt

the utility of its mission, so long as we have a Maeterlinck, a "Blue

Bird"of happiness, singing hopefully of "The Kingdom of the

Future;"so long as we have in Rostand a silverthroated "Chantecler,"to protest against the vulgar commonplace, to dispel the

night of ignorance, and help with a cry of cheer the coming up of the ideal Dawn.

True poetry cannot pass. There is a virility in verse that will

perpetuate it. Before poetry can die, the human heart must change

—must lose its innate love of rhythm and cadence—the human

heart, that pedestal of Homer's fame, that immovable basis of

Shakespeare's overmastering triumph. "Our very hearts keep

time,"says Walter Rice. Rhythmical language is not necessarily artificial and insincere. When the great sea, with its constant surge and swing of poetic sound and motion, shall no longer

chant its solemn harmonies to the answering winds and the choiring stars; when the soul of man shall cease to yearn for the infiwith, because smothered beneath, the sordid timenite—satisfied

servings of a greedy, godless, pleasureloving, moneyworshiping generation; when the real can make progress and attain perfection without the ideal as an incentive to righteous endeavor, then,

1054 IMPROVEMENT ERA

nor till then, will poetry be out of date, and Have no mission ami >ne the s< ms 'f men.

ELDERS OF THE BOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS, CONFERENCE.

"The elders in this conference represent Canada on the north and Mexico on the south, rind five of the states intervening which connect the two countries. We labored

in the Massachusetts conference against organized opposition during last winter. This

opposition went to such extreme that liberalthinking people are now disgusted with its unfairness, and many are inquiring into the gospel truths taught by the elders. We feel

that a better future is now before us than for some time past. Elders, top row, left

to right: Leland F. Scarborough, Franklin, Idaho; Heber C. Williams, Greenville,

I 'tah: Claude A. Ellis, North Ogden, Utah; A. Wesley Millett, Mesa, Ariz.; M. C.

Tanner, Ogden, Utah; second row: L. W. Richards, Ogden, Utah; Ben E. Rich, President Eastern States Mission; William T. Van Orden, Blackfoot, Idaho, Conference

President; third row: Heber J. Randall, North Ogden, Utah; George F. Burton, Afton,

Wyo.; Fred J. Clark, Colonia Dublan, Mexico; John E. Aagard, Fountain Green,

Utah: fourth row: Cecil E. Mason, Shelley, Idaho; C. LeRoy Richens, Vernal, Utah;

J. Willis Turner, Faton, Colorado; Delbert H. Ellison, Aetna, Canada."*

Our Conception of Life *

by axel a. madsen, of the third ward, salt lake city

(liberty stake)

The one problem which has confronted all mankind since the beginning of the race, and which is still the most vital and important question before the world today is, no doubt, the problem of life.

Upon the manner in which this question has been viewed and the attitude which the world has taken toward it has depended the progress of the race. To the savage, the aim

and purpose of life is merely to maintain an existence and to satisfy the animal desires.

Man emerged from savagery only as he was awakened to a higher conception of the purposes of existence, and was able to take a more enlightened attitude toward life. The

history of the world is merely n c<rjes of concrete illustrations of this truth applied to nations. The world has had

to make room for the people or the nation which has stood for the highest ideal of living.

Undoubtedly the greatest factor in determining man's attitude toward life is his reaxel a. madsen ligious belief. And so we

j have prehistoric man deifying and worshiping fire or water or some natural phenomenon. Then,

in the succeeding stages of progression, we find him bowing before some sacred animal or idol finally made in the image of man.

Then adoring some being with human weaknesses but superhuman power, and finally becoming Christianized, he worships a divine and perfected being.

This, in brief, is the character of the religious ideas which have brought man up to his present enlightened state. For as a

*The oration which won first prize in the M. T. A. general oratorical contest, Saturday, June 7, 1913.

[056 IMPROVEMENT ERA

byproduct of broadened religious faith lias come the development of all the useful arts and sciences known to man.

The van of progression has never been drawn by the unbeliever. One who looks upon the sublime grandeur of nature

and the organized splendor of the universe and says, "this is the work of chance,"who looks upon his own divinelyendowed being, saying, "I am the mere creature of accident, the hopeless is there to stimulate such a one to victim of circumstance"—what

carve out a great destiny? No wonder that history shows the

world has received little benefit from such, and that a nation so narrow and stultified in its range of vision has soon become corrupt and has sunk beneath the feet of a hardier and a more >tnrdy race. It was the sophistry of "eat, sleep, drink and be

merry, for tomorrow we die,"the logical outgrowth of atheism that proved the destruction of the once proud nation of Greece.

\t best, atheism is merely passive in its nature, but more often it is a negative, destructive force, and cannot be considered as an agent of progression. Theism is the moving power of all worthy

action, and has supplied the creative element in the world.

And so, in the light of tlu past, we may justly conclude that religious belief is essential to man's survival and to the advancement of the race. And furthermore, if it be true, as shown by

the experience of the past, that the progress of the world is determined by man's attitude toward life and that his religious belief governs his conception of life, we must regard as most vitally important and as highest and best that religion which is of the greatest practical value to man here, which extends to him the highest possibilities in life and the strongest incentive to right living.

And now, in the face of these facts, the question which comes home to us is, "How does our faith measure up to these requirements?"Using these broad general truths as a standard

from which to judge, whit basic fundamental principles are there in our belief which make it superior to all other beliefs and philosophies as a force in uplifting man? What is there in it which will

inspire the noblest comprehension of the ideal life and offer the greatest incentive to right living that we may be assured it shall stand and endure and not be supplanted as have been the beliefs of the past by one more perfect?

In answer we may briefly reply that our faith is founded not on a faroff and incomprehensible being without form or parts, or passions, everywhere present, yet nowhere in particular, but our faith is founded on a tangible personal being with body, parts and passions, clothed upon by the glorified and immortalized perfection of Deity, who is literally our heavenly Father—the Author

of our being. For we verily do believe in an "eternal progression."that we lived in the spirit world before coming herethat

OUR CONCEPTION OF LIFE. 1057

this life is but one stage of progression, that we live when we die, and go on and advance and progress and gain in soul growth, moral growth, intellectual growth until finally some time, somewhere, we may become something worthy to be called divine.

By this belief man rises above the sordid gloom of mortality and surveys the order and significance of creation from the heights of eternity. And this is the one key to the knowable universe, the one viewpoint from which he can interpret his experience of life and bring all into an intelligible unity—"He must seek

to see it as God s.ees it."

And so it is that all worldly beliefs and philosophies, while they gather about them many truths, must ultimately be outgrown and fail because they attempt to comprehend and explain the infinite universe from a merely human finite point of view. They

begin in haze and end in confusion, leaving life a hopeless enigma.

But on the other hand, viewed in the higher light, the problems of life become mere stepping stones to future greatness, the trials and adversities of existence, blessings in disguise. And we

come to look on life not as some unfortunate souls have regarded it as "the desert waste between the two cold and barren peaks of eternity,"for this is the key to a vain and profitless existence, but we regard it as a wondrous probationary state filled with limitless possibilities that shall decide our fate for the eternities, a glorious privilege to demonstrate our worthiness to inherit immortal glory in the kingdom of our Father. The basic principle of our belief

declares man to be the offspring of Deity, and commands "Stand erect; thou art in the image of God."

Through this belief, man becomes linked with eternity, and is given the assurance that by obedience to eternal laws of truth and right he may himself aspire to Deity. And he becomes not

the enfeebled slave of circumstances or the passing toy of a merciless fate, but he stands a Royal Prince, the ultimate master and eternal being toruler of the forces governing the universe—an

whom all things are possible.

What nobler conception of life could there be than this?

What grander or more glorious destiny could be held out to man?

What stronger incentive to earnest effort and right living? It

reaches from a glorious beginning to a perfected end, from eternity to eternity and can never be outgrown, for its goal is perfection. And we fearlessly challenge the world with all its belief,

theories and philosophies, to produce anything that can compare with it in beauty or grandeur or as a living force in moulding and perfecting the lives of men and solving the problems of humanity.

There is none equal to it, there can be none greater. And in

the onward march of progression, the high and the low, the small and the great, must one day forsake their narrow human creeds.

1058 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and flocking to our standards march onward beneath the banner which commands: "Be ye perfect, even as your Father in heaven

is perfect."

Gracie's Message

It might have been a fancy, perhaps I only dreamed.

But Gracie, darling Gracie, appeared to me, it seemed.

She came in light and beauty, in pleasant accents said:

"Do not weep for me, dear papa, behold, I am not dead!

"My disembodied spirit, this spirit you now see,

Still lives in realms of glory, from all afflictions free.

Papa, I fain would show you death's hidden mystery,

Would tell you of the spirit life when from the body free.

"But this is not my province, nor can it be explained, 'Tis only through death's portal, this knowledge is obtained.

But this much I can tell you, to set your mind at rest,

When death destroys the body the spirit joins the blest.

"The just ascend in glory to regions far above,

Where all is life and beauty, affection, peace and love.

Tell ma to cease all grieving, tell sister Lottie dear,

Tell grandma, too, and Launie, that I am happy here.

"There all your best beloved ones, in the Elysian home,

With patience now are waiting to see our parents come.

And when we here shall meet you, no parting, nene will grieve,

Mv time has come, dear papa; good night, I now must leave."

She then with noiseless footsteps walked quickly to the door,

Then turning threw a kiss and said, "Tell ma to grieve no more."

Distinctly, then, repeating what she before had said, "Don't weep for me, dear papa, behold, I am not dead!"

Then in a cloud of beauty, a cloud of peerless white,

That darling, on receding, was lost again to sight;

And thus my dream was ended, if dreaming it could be,

And yet, I cannot but believe that Grace appeared to me.

OGDEN, UTAH. I SAAC Groo Now pale the distant sun's low beams are shed,

The streamlet silent in its channel glides,

The water buttercup all chilly rides,

And thick the clouds come, sad and gray as lead,

And weep their burdens o'er the mountain's head.

The spotted frog in some dark prison hides,

their rival tides* The songsters'notes now cease

Now is the beauty of the summer dead.

O saddened is the path my own thought takes

To live again Love's Golden Dream I crave

No tears have I to fall, as yonder rain,

Yet, still the Mistress in my heart is pain;

To nature, Ah! my soul it s answer makes,

As wan the summer passes to its grave.

ALFRED LAMBOURNE.

Department of Vocations and Industries

X—About Higher Education

Dear Friend Howard: Your second letter pertaining to

this matter of vocations is at hand. We appreciate the interest

you are taking in this department of Mutual Work, and are glad to know that you concur in the view that there is in this day unmistakable need for our young men to specialize, and that you agree with us as to the high possibilities of the western boy.

It is a satisfaction for us to know that you value a general education so highly, and to hear that you have decided to finish high school before adopting a vocation, and perhaps even before making your final selection of one. Evidently you are aware of

the fact that nowadays a high school education is only the equivalent relatively of aji eighthgrade schooling'a dozen years ago, and that in a decade from now the college gradute may be as common among us as the high school man is today. And just as

the eighthgrade person finds great difficulty in competing with the highschool man, now so common, so the highschool man is likely to encounter the same great difficulty in keeping alongside of the college graduate who is almost certain to be the average professional man of tomorrow.

Tn this connection, and apparently somewhat at variance with the idea just expressed, you may have seen some of your friends or acquaintances who, by choice or otherwise, quit school early and entered upon their practical careers. Sufficient success to

attract the envy or admiration of you who remained at school may have attended the efforts of at least some of these persons. Now

and then you may have thought that it was poor business for you to spend your time and money with teachers, classmates and books.

when you might be managing your own campaign in practical life instead, and receiving money for doing it. At times, no doubt.

you have even thought that you would be progressing faster and getting a firmer start in life, if you were spending the same time and effort out of school. The situation for awhile, even for a

number of years, may seem to warrant this opinion. But wait a

few years more, and we are certain that you will draw a different conclusion.

A local educator has estimated that every day a student spends in high school or college is worth ten dollars to him. The estimate is probably low enough. In the great marketplace of life a

higher price is paid for the specialist than for the general workVOCATIONS AND INDUSTRIES 1061

man, and among specialists the highest value is almost always placed upon the man with the highest education.

It is the final outcome that should concern us most. Many

a midway station has been reached first by him who has fallen far behind at the final goal. Does it not seem reasonable to you that

by remaining in school you are preparing a larger and firmer foundation upon which you can build a larger and finer structure?

Certainly your laying the foundation of success for a successful end nine times out of ten is the result of a thorough and logical beginning, and this kind of beginning is usually the longest and most difficult. It may at times be very discouraging, but nevertheless it is conducive to the best results. To illustrate: Have

you ever had experience in the growing of ornamental shade trees?

If so, have you not observed that the hardwood varieties are very slow and difficult to get started as compared with the soft wood trees? But, when once in a good growing condition, do they mot

soon become finer and more handsome and of far greater value than it would be possible for their neighbors, the soft wood varieprep-ties, to become? Are we not safe in saying that—thorough

aration at the beginning followed by steady, gradual development is best and safest and certain to bring the best ultimate results, and that it is the final outcome of a young man that counts for the most?

In speaking of young men and education we have in mind here the young men who receive their general education in school and college, and do not refer to the rare exceptions who are able to pick up the equivalent outside. There are among us a

number of these selfmade men, but amid the easy opportunities for going to school they are becoming fewer every day.

The college graduate is excepted, of course, to continue his learning after he obtains his degree. In fact the great majority

of the practical things he learns will be collected during his practical career.

Your school and college days are essentially clays for training; to teach you how to observe, to think, to classify, to study, to

learn and to draw fine distinctions between one course and another, weighing the arguments in favor and those against, and to help you to make a wise decision, deciding the right thing to do next.

Some of the subjects in school and college curricula may have little or no direct practical bearing upon one's career, except as they train the mind to think accurately, developing capacity to study a problem in real life, for example the problem of choosing a vocation, with power to draw correct final conclusions if occaand to render clear and forceful expression to the same sion requires. In other words, high school and college will place

1062 IMPROVEMENT ERA

into your hands valuable tools for later use in the great workshop of life. And while we would not attempt to defend our

present educational system in its entirety, yet we are firmly convinced that there can be no improvised system half so good for the training and development of a young man who is making his start in life.

Along with this schooling, though, there must come the practical experience necessary to digest and assimilate the theoretical. To obtain the best results, these two essentials must be

mixed in right proportion.

In regard to this practical experience, from what you have said in your letters, we consider that you are extremely fortunate in that you have had to work for the money to keep you in school. This has been beneficial to you in at least three ways,

namely

1st. You have gained actual practical experience.

2nd. This earning of money by steady and regular effort has taught

you the value of the dollar. Many men with splendid earning ability fail

to become successful in their own financial affairs because they lack an appreciation of the value of a dollar and consequently of the thing that it helps them to acquire.

3rd. And more important still the necessity for earning money has

given you the habit and ability to work. And regular intelligent work

is the common ground upon which all useful and successful people stand.

Referring again to this matter of schooling, we do not mean to say that you will not obtain valuable information in school life. While training is, in our opinion, the chief benefit, yet, there

comes direct information that will enlighten you and serve you well in your later career. So far as information is concerned,

however, the greatest advantage will likely result from giving vou a pleasant and systematic acquaintance with each of the different branches of knowledge, which even though elementary in its nature, may be increased and developed later, with comparative ease and success, because of the introduction to that subject in earlier years at school.

This acquaintance with the various subjects taught in school will broaden you by giving a comprehensive insight into the various departments of learning, so that, when you choose your own vocation and begin to specialize, you will understand other fields of activity and their relation to the one you select. This

will help you to correlate your work, and will make of you a betterbalanced man.

Your education is only just fairly begun when you are graduated, even with a college degree, but yet, you will have made a splendid commencement inasmuch as you have had some excellent training and gained some valuable information. This genGOING HOME 1063

eral education will furnish you firm ground upon which to stand while specializing and in following your life's work.

In conclusion we wish to say: School and college are places

of training and enlightment. A college education is a splendid

thing for those who can digest it.

These institutions of learning will teach you how to learn, and so fit you to go on with your education.

Education is a constant growth toward God, and does not end with college. It is a matter of continuous progress.

Life itself is the great school, and when you leave college you simply move to another department, perhaps to the open hallway of the great school of life, and in so doing you enter a larger world.

We wish you success in obtaining a good, general education before specializing, and desire to remain sincerely your friends,

The Committee on Vocations and Industries.

By Claude Richards.

Going Home

When all the tasks are done, the work complete,

And from the Homeland we the summons hear,

Thrice blest are we if, like the little children,

We fall asleep without a thought of fear.

For oft into the mind a dimming nucleus

Of doubt there comes to mar the glorious light,

Then, going Home is robbed of all its beauty,

Is fraught with awful visions of the night.

And wherefore? As from tiny sleepwrapped seedling.

The living blossoms come forth fair and bright,

Immortal spirit, through death's shadowy portal,

Ascends to higher realms of life and light.

Ah, yes! When all tasks have been completed,

May we as tired children fall asleep,

With perfect faith that body shall awaken,

To energy of life from slumber deep.

Grace Ingles Frost.

Utah

\:\ MISS LETHE COLEMAN, OF HEBER, WASATCH STAKE, UTAH

Strange as it may seem, the history of Utah antedates the settlement of Jamestown and the landing of the Pilgrim Fathers.

Indeed, the finding of this mountain region began only fifty years after the discovery of America. It happened in the days when

Spain was at the height of her glory, long before the Spanish had been humbled by the defeat of the invincible Armada.

You are all familiar with the brilliant exploits of cruel, merciless Cortez, whose avaricious demands for wealth are bj.it typical of the Spaniard of the time.

After robbing the Aztecs of Mexico of their gold and jewels, these insatiable Spanish conquerors cast their eyes on more distant points for wealth to fill their depleted coffers. Imagine, then,

with what avidity these wealthseeking, goldhnnting bankrupts listened to Tejos, a Spanish slave, who told them of wealth unbounded far to the north.

Later, when De Yaca confirmed the story of Tejos. and told definitely of the famed "Seven Cities

LETHE COLEMAN of Cibola,"where the doors and windows were framed with gold and precious stones, the Spaniards were moved to action. With

waving plumes, flashing swords, and glittering armor, Coronado, at the head of three hundred knights, marched forth to conquer new kingdoms of gold and other treasure.. Cardenas, with a

small detachment of this pompous band, chased the golden mirage of the western desert into the wilds of these lonely valleys. But

they were doomed to return disheartened and discouraged, with the hopeless tale, no gold. These teeming mountains were not

yet ready to give forth their treasure; it remained for those who

Delivered at the M. I. A. oratorical contest, June 7, 1913.

UTAH 1065

in future years should delve into their dark recesses to bring it forth.

These first Europeans to put foot upon the soil of future

Utah saw only a barren waste where the smoke of the Indian wigwam curled upward to the sky.

This was three hundred seventyone years ago, within a generation after Columbus sailed on his quest for the wealth of the

Indies.

A Tore than two centuries later, in the very year that Jefferson wrote the Declaration of Independence, Father Escalante, after weeks of struggle and hardship, came through the mountain passes, and was the first white man to look into the waters of

Utah lake. Though failing in the ohject of his adventure, the

finding of a shorter route from Santa Fe to California, he was nevertheless amply compensated by the joy he felt when he viewed the grandeur that lay before him; these majestic rivers flowing

onward to the sea, these rocks and snowcapped summits holding converse with the clouds. And with almost prophetic instinct,

he pointed out the possibilities of these plateaus and valleys as a future home of civilization.

By this time, the Spanish glory had been eclipsed by the rise of the English sun. Drake, Frobisher and Howard had driven

the Spanish galleons from the sea. Thirteen English colonies in

America had risen to such importance and influence that they had thrown off the oppressive yoke of the mother country, and entered upon a period of westward expansion, the like of which the world had never known.

In 1840 the American frontier stood at the bend of the Missouri river. There the pioneer had halted his march to the westward, for before him stretched the great American desert, before

him sulked the savage with tomahawk and knife. Though the

westward movement of the settler and colonizer was impeded, not so that of the hunter and trapper, who had forced his way across the trackless desert, and braved the dangerous foe. First among

these was that famous scout, James Bridger, to whom is credited the discovery of the Great Salt Lake. Unlike Escalante. he

looked upon these plains as a howling wilderness, a place to set traps, a place to get furs and skins. So sure was he that these valleys never could become fruitful that he offered one thousand dollars for the first bushel of corn grown here. Then came Bonneville, the dreamer, the romancer, who left only his name for the

ancient lake.

Ten years later, John C. Fremont, following the emigrant

trail through South Pass, reached the Great Salt Lake. Fearfully

he pushed his frail boat through the briny waters to Antelope

Island, startling myriads of wild fowl that beat the air and made noises like distant thunder.

1066 IMPROVEMENT ER \

The Rocky Mountain Fur Company put hunters and trappers on every stream and river fed by the Wasatch range. An

interesting member of this band of bold and rugged scouts was

Peter Skeen Ogdcn, for whom Ogden City was named. Cache

Valley, too, received its title from his habit of caching furs and skins there. And a young Frenchman named Provost explored

our own dear Provo Valley and the river that hurries through its canyon to the lake.

Following the trail of the hunter and trapper came families seeking homes, not in these desert wastes, but in the verdant valleys of the Columbia. Thus the hunter, the explorer, the emigrant

came and went, but they left no town nor hamlet to mark the scenes of their activities. They left only a few bleaching bones

to mingle forever with the crumbling rock and the moulding sod over which the moaning pines and sighing breezes sang requiems.

When all these had come and gone the region was still isolated from civilization, seemingly "a vast, worthless area, a region of whirlwind and dust, of cactus and of prairie dog,"only a stretch of barrenness where "crept the panting lizard, chirped the cricket and crawled the rattlesnake."

Barren as it was and uninviting, this western land was soon to be the home of a band of men and women exiled for their religion. On the banks of the Missouri even now had gathered

this hardy, hopeful brotherhood, who were soon to look upon these western wilds as a happy retreat from persecution. Busily they

are getting together ox teams and wagons, tools and provisions for the toilsome journey. But a few days and the fond farewells

have been whispered, the parting kiss has been given, the sorrowful tear been shed, and the fervent "God bless you"spoken; and

hopefully, prayerfully on. on to the westward. Each morn and

eve, at the sound of the bugle call, they bow in solemn supplication to their God. Each day over burning sands and trackless

wastes the cumbrous ox team wends its way. Slowly it crosses

the great western prairie, slower it climbs to the summit of the western hills. Clearing their way through dense and gnarled

timber, the party pass through defiles and over mountains, and finally cross the rugged spurs that bring them to Emigration canyon.

Here the weary travelers halt, lift their tired heads, and gaze with teardimmed eyes over the mountains into the lonely west—a

west, with its lake's blue waters splashing and flashing in the sunlight.

The leader raises his hand and points over this mystic scene.

His voice rings out in all its majesty: "This is the place."A

hopeful, peaceful look illumines each expectant face. The desert

wakes! One hundred fortythree glad voices ring out in praise

to God for the hope of a future home. The stars and stripes are

UTAH 1067

unfurled on the mountains, and the land is proclaimed "Our

Deseret."And then began a rapid immigration across the path but newly marked. Other companies followed with ox teams and still others fared along the the weary way with handcarts. Need their

story be repeated? Who does not know of their hard and bitter

struggles? Who has not heard of the mothers who were too weak

to travel longer, and lay down in their eternal rest, of the little babes left crying for the need of a mother's care, of the aged fathers who had pulled and worked in hard places until their strength was done, and who were left in wayside graves. Who does not

know of the hard and bitter struggle with the Indians? Who

does not know of the dark and gloomy days that followed when the crickets covered all the land and threatened destruction to the crops, and of gulls that came to avert the imminent starvation?

These and a thousand other wellknown happenings were necessary steps in the redeeming of the wilderness, ere Utah could throw off her desolation and burst into glorious bloom.

So men have died and men have lived in the making of this our home. Oh, but they builded better than they knew! Could

any discoverer have imagined this verdant spread of field and garden? Could any explorer have dreamed the wealth of mine

and manufacture? Did any seer foresee the wondrous growth in

architecture, in art, in music, in everything that brings blessings to the home, prosperity to the commonwealth, and joy to the heart of man?

Oh, Utah, our mountain home, we love thee! The song

birds call, the insects hum, the ripple of thy meandering rills, are music to our ears. Thy rugged snowcapped peaks, thy

flowery mountain dells, thy canyon scenes to us are ever dear.

of thy hope, thy whiteWe love thy sego flower—soul emblem

winged gull, thy songs, thy schools, thy laws

Be it ours then ever to sing thy praise, ever to appreciate thy worth. Be it ours to honor thy laws, to uphold thy institutions,

to sustain thy government.

Let the mountains shout for joy, let the valleys ring, let the hills rejoice, let them all break forth in song; let them shout

and sing and be glad before the Lord, and let us not fail ever to invoke God's richest gift for thy welfare. Utah, Utah, we love

thee! this Great Empire? How Shall We Build

Utah needs true devotion today as never before

r.\ l. (,. PETERSON, DIRE) ["OH I XTENSION DIVISION, UTAH AGRICULII KM. ( (i I. LEGE

The time has come in the history of Utah when there should he a convention of the third generation. Such a convention would

represent more scholarship, a more even distribution of wealth, a greater percentage of adherents to the productive industries, a greater freedom from the common diseases of mankind, less illiteracy, less divorce, and fewer victims of alcohol than any numerically equal body of young men and women in the world.

Such a statement while prohahly not capable of precise proof i- a general deduction made after some years of observation and study of conditions themselves here and in other states, and after a careful compilation of the opinion of others who have given study to the situation. Utah has not been subjected to that close

sociological scrutiny in the past which will be her portion in the future. She has rather been victimized by yellow journals, catering to a morbid taste on the part of some of their readers. The

state and its people are still the object of much unjust criticism.

Yet the careful opinion of many visiting scholars has been recorded in testimony of the fundamental virtue which is in this state in high degree. It is recalled that, in a convention of sociologists

during a discussion of the causes of the decline of the rural church, the statement was made that Utah represented the highest degree of efficiency in.America, today, of a rural church organization.

The statement is likewise recalled that in agriculture, Utah has contributed a large share to the nation. Irrigation and dryfarming have been given here a keen study and an organized development. The West owes much of its industrial development

to this State and itpeople. Medical examinations in Utah

gymnasiums show a remarkable freedom from disease on the part of the youth. Criminal records are again a strong testimony

to the integrity of the state.

A convention of the third generation would force a recognition of these things. There would also be revealed by such

a convention an apparent lack of stability and unity of purpose such as was possessed by the founders of the state. This apparent

wavering is a symptom only of the readjustment of a great social

HOW SHALL WE BUILD THIS GREAT EMPIRE? 1069

body to an age more keenly analytical and more violent in its transformations than any age which has gone before.

Each year young men of Utah are coming back to the state laden with the scholarship of the world. Harvard, Cornell, Columbia, Chicago, and the colleges of the national capital, have a

heavy enrollment from Utah. And almost universally, honors in

scholarship have gone to these men. In Cornell University, in

one year, there were six Utah men, four were members of the honorary scientific fraternity, one represented the University in debate and was a member of the undergraduate honorary fraternity, three were made instructors of the University faculty and one made assistant professor, all after two years of study only. Other

universities show similar records. Each year likewise hundreds

return from two or three years observation in the farthest corners of the world. And all bring much of the spirit of the age, the

tireless scrutiny and questioning. All have seen a world troubled

by its visions. All have seen this fretting manifest itself in outbursts of wantonness scarcely surpassed even in dark ages. The

deplorable decadence of home life in the heart of civilization, these men have seen.

Here then is centered as nowhere else a variety of experience and study, tending, if properly sensed and guided, to give the state a wonderful soundness of judgment and tone in development.

What shall become of this rich observation and experience? How

shall this great mass be unified for the good of the empire? The

first, step, undoubtedly, is a recognition of the power which does reside here. The second step must be, it seems, the arbitrary organization of that power toward the ends desired. The various

associations in the church furnish an organization through which every whit of scholarship and experience can be utilized to the fullest extent.

Where wre err is in not realizing the tremendous power which less resides in ourselves. We err temporarily in being more or

distracted by the very wealth of power we possess. We conceive,

sometimes, that we are units instead of being parts of a great feel too seldom unit. We muse over the things we know, and

the compelling call to weld our influence with the influence of others in the interest of advancement. We have been given some

luxury by our fathers; we are prone to become mere philosophers

rather than, as were they, workers.

There are complex problems in political economy, in social service, and in education, the solution of which will be a glory to any commonwealth. L Ttah should and will lead. Yet Utah

does not now sense fully the greatness of the opportunity or the wonderful aptitude the State has through its unequaled citizen sh'p and organization for the working out of the most intricate 1070 IMPROVEMENT ERA

human problems. The young men and women too often forget

</ perfection of plan is already here! We forget that we are not

living marly equal to this perfection of plan. And we sometimes

subconsciously falsely assume credit for what we possess. We

will know that our glory is in the work we do. The plan is a

gift, for which no credit is due US.

The time has come for a reformation of our ideals, and a more compact organization of our power arbitrarily towards definite goals.

LOGAN UTAH.

STAKE SUPERINTENDENTS Y. M. M. I. A.

Top row: George W. Flamm Fremont stake, Idaho; Robert B. White, Beaver

stake; Asael Allen Hy rum stake, Utah; second row: William K. Davis, Union stake

Oregon; Tames E. Moss, Granite stake; James M. Thomas, North Weber stake; bottom

row: Albert Collard, Emery stake; Charles N. Broadbent, Wasatch stake Utah

Little Problems of Married Life

BY WILLIAM GEORGE JORDAN

XXIII—Comradeship in Married Life

There is but one real reason, but one justification for mar-; all the other motives are not reasons, theyriage, and that is—love

are only excuses. Those who start in married life with a good

capital of love feel that they have an absolute guarantee of harmony and happiness that will endure through all their years, but if they depend solely on love they may find they are exhausting their capital instead of living on the interest and may soon become bankrupt of love. But love alone is too fine, delicate and emotional to stand the constant hard usage of daily life. Like gold,

it is better and stronger when alloyed; love should be made sturdy

and lasting, reinforced, strengthened and intensified in its power to resist wear. It is only when alloyed, or blended, with comradeship and trust that it is at its best.

The truest, sweetest and happiest marriages are those of twe who just are wedded sweethearts and good chums. With this

duality of condition and trust that keeps their atmosphere pure, clear, bracing and wholesome, all sources of discord are neutralized, all joys are doubled by sharing, all sorrows lightened by mutual sympathy, comfort and inspiration, and all problems solved in the sweet sacredness of conference, with the united wisdom of both ever at the command of either, needing no outside referee.

Success in married life does not require heroic spectacular qualities possible only to a few chosen ones, the elect of the earth it needs only loving comradeship and confidence, a little selfcon- trol, courage, kindness, unselfishness, cheerfulness and just daily patience along the way. It does not require wealth, for often the

poor are the happiest and most contented. It does not demand

intellectual powers and fine education, for two aged lovers, hardly able to read, may sit together in the sunshine by a cottage door at eventide, finding all their world in each other's eyes, telling their beads of sweet memories of past joys and of sorrows outlived, and as her thin worn hand rests lovingly in his, there seems a benediction of calm peace and consecrated love that makes mere intellectual wisdom seem worthless by contrast.

There are some who tell us the qualities necessary in husband and wife. The long inventory sounds like an unabridged dictionary of all the virtues and one can imagine the saints blushing

*Copyrighted by Fleming H. Revell Company, 1910.

1072 IMPROVEMENT ERA

with shame at the sudden realization of how far short they are of this perfection. It seems like a testexamination for a front seat

in paradise and few of us would get more than a nine per cent rating on an honest marking.

Let us be thankful that two who arc just human and with all their Faults, foibles and failings can have happiness if they determine to have it and pay the price in thought and effort. It is not

a gamble; it is a certainty if both determine to do their hest and

work in union and unity. It does not mean a life unclouded by

trial, sorrow, or suffering, hut a home filled with love and peace, a rest and a refuge where no real discord can long throw darkening shadows.

Comradeship is one of the strongest ties of married life.

Comradeship is friendship in a negligee suit; it is free, near, trustful, comfortahle, familiar and intimate. It has a basic respect that

makes formality out of place, and pretense and pose seem treason the two are their natural selves, spontaneous and unrestrained except by that respect for each other's individuality that makes each careful not to wound or offend the other.

Comradeship between husband and wife is the finest type of friendship, for pulsing through it is the constant current of love, tenderness, sympathy, nearness, dearness and closer communion of interests, that ever vitalizes, intensifies and freshens. Comradeship gives to each a finer, truer understanding of the other that

comes, not from the mere observation of acts and of moods, but from glimpses into the depths of each other's thought, the revealings of standards and ideals, the unconscious confession of hopes, fears and longings and restless ambitions that are hidden forces struggling towards expression like the root of a plant seeking to penetrate the soil and reach the light. These come only in easy

conversation where there is no thought of talking for effect, no sense of being on dress parade.

When the two are real comrades the wife is interested in the hobbies, games, business, friends and politics of the husband. She

may not see what fun he can have knocking a little ball over the landscape and then poking round a big field to find it, but if golf gives him any real pleasure she is glad, and is interested, and wants to understand. Politics may seem to her just something we

pay officeholders to manage, hut if he sees anything in it she is pleased to give him a chance to let her in on the puzzle.

Her talk about their friends, her clothes, her reading and the hundred trifles of gossip and comment that may appeal to her he hears with genuine interest, not with that condescending tolerance that some foolish people, unconscious of how much they might learn, employ in listening to some little toddler who wants'to talk.

He has always rather sniffed at women's clubs, but when she ioins one, and is appointed on the committee, and has been scheduled

LITTLE PROBLEMS OF MARRIED LIFE. 1073

to write a paper, he is pleased to talk it over and dig up some gems of material from the mine of his masculine wisdom, just to help out. They criticize some book she has been reading as she

tells him the story, or perhaps she has read it aloud to him after dinner, and though she may think the hero a demigod and he calls him a pompous prig and they grow a bit enthusiastic and finally laugh at each other's view, their nonagreement really does not make the least difference, you know, for this is just—comradeship.

With this spirit of comradeship there is never any thought of settling the question of "who is boss?"for such a question never

arises. When a problem comes up before this home supreme

court, they have a quiet little earnest session and if they do not s:e the issue from the same point of view, by concession and compromise the one who has thought most deeply on the subject,

who feels it most intensely or who is most affected by it casts the deciding vote.

Comradeship inspires tolerance and throws little peculiarities into the shadow; it ignores or obscures petty failings as of no real

consequence; it concentrates on the fine sterling qualities and forgives and forgets the little mortgages. Love ofttimes is exacting

in its intensity it may place undue importance on a trifle and be seriously disturbed at a flaw or failing that seems a scar on a noble character. Comradeship helps love to a more human view, a saner,

wiser charity in judging. A man says of a friend of whom he

is genuinely fond, "he is a bully good fellow,"and all the emphasis of his heart goes into the words and atones for the phrasing; he

knows his friend's failings but loyalty minifies their importance, the eyes are trained not to see, the lips keep silence.

In his bachelor days the husband may have had some friend tried and true who was dear to him, whom he trusted as one good man does another. If the golden light of some success or prosperity threw a glow of radiance across his pathway an involuntary

smile brightened his face as he thought how pleased his friend would be to hear it, how unselfish would be his sympathy, how hearty would be his congratulations; he could bank on his friend's

happiness just as certainly and absolutely as if his own dear mother were listening to the story and eager for every word of detail.

If the hand of sorrow pressed heavily on his soul, and the night of doubt and fear settled down on his life, and the ship of his great hope had sunk when it was almost in port, and he faced failure and defeat, he knew one who would be unchanged, whom he could count on to the very end. And when some problem

affecting the welfare of either had to be solved it was the problem of both and they would stay up half the night to settle it like a jury locked out until they came to a verdict and they put together 1074 IMPROVEMENT ERA

tlu'ir wisdom just as they had <>ftcu pooled their meagre funds when the exigencies or need of the one became the privilege and glad opportunity of the other.

When this instinctive impulse to confidence is carried into married life and the heart and the lips and the outstretched arms turn to the wife as naturally as the magnetic needle finds its north, with the truest comradeship made greater and finer hy love, then married life has no real problems that the two, united and in unison, cannot solve.

Comradeship holds the spectre of monotony at hay. With

two ever bringing their best sweetly to each other, as a little child carries to its mother a wayside flower it has plucked, just because it is most natural to bring it to her, there is little fear that their days will be long or that they will hunger for change from each other, when they are finding this change in each other and with each other. Whatever tends to lessen their comradeship and to decrease their dependence on each other is a menace to their happiness.

One of the early temptations of married life is to live with the old folks. It all sounds so alluring when it is proposed that

"they can take the entire third floor which is not really needed"by the home company who are willing to donate it or sublet it to the young firm. The advantages are obvious, the disadvantages,

are more subtle, but it is a hazardous experiment. It is an unwise

blend of two families, that should be kept separate, not at telescopic but at visiting distance. Two shows under one canvas may

pay on the road, but it is unwise for families, especially in the beginning.

The opening words of the world's greatest book are "In the beginning,"and they are the most important words of married life; they open its chapters of greatest joy and keenest sorrows.

All its problems are most easily mastered "in the beginning;"

wrongs and injustice that may throw the dark shadow of despair over the life of one and perhaps even finally separate forever the two who have loved may, in a spirit of calmness, courage and wisdom, be silenced forever "in the beginning."If there have

been mistakes and blind blundering and folly, if the two determine to start afresh, to begin all over again and wipe out the past, letting love, comradeship and trust be their watchwords they can have a new—beginning.

And what was true of that first marriage, in the dim dawn of history, in that garden of Eden, is true of all marriages and will be till time shall end, that their paradise is committed to the absolute keeping of the two, and that they shall watch it and guard it and care for it, and that only by their own wrong shall this paradise, with all its joys and its peace and its sunshine, ever pass from them. (the end) Truth Seeking: Its Symptoms and After Effects*

BY ROBERT C. WEBB, PH. D.

To the Editor of The Deseret Evening To come quickly to the point, I wish

News—Sir: to call your attention again to some

Did you ever stop to consider what phases of the recent "controversy"on a really remarkable phase is this fathe meaning of certain Egyptian picmiliar obsession of becomingan avowed tures, usually included in the Book ol and accredited "searcher after the Abraham, and believed to illustrate it.

truth?"I do not wish to discredit the I had the pleasure of writing: to you on

earnestness of mind which is ready to this controversy on two different ocaccept truth wherever it may be found, casions, both times on the assumption nor yet that intellectual honesty that that the facts indicated by myself—

seems to belong almost exclusively to a and they represented the results of conhigh average intelligence, because it is siderable study End attention—would

willing to acknowledge mistakes and move the critics of Joseph Smith's inmisapprehensions, when honestly pointterpretations to some further research, ed out. I am firmly convinced, on the and, possibly, honest acknowledgements

contrary, that real "culture"consists that he had certainly "guessed"nearly less in what one knows than in the right in several particulars. When no

willingness to acknowledge that there such evidences of the "honest searchis very much more that one does not er after truth"were forthcoming, I know. Real culture is intellectual huwas not in the least hurt, supposing

mility; the quality, in short, that enthat further investigations were in

ables one to fulfill the scriptural innrosress, and that we should presently junction, "prove (test) all things, hold read some counterattacks. If the "confast to that which is good."Over and ductor"of this "innuirv"really wished

above this excellent quality, there may to convince the "Mormons"that they be also the element of earnest convicivpre wrons: and hp was rierht, some

tion, which often acts as a distinct "comeback"might have been expected "bias"to the mind, constituting a limit logically. What was my amazement,

of free thinking in any given line. This, therefore, to find that the e-eneral pubhowever, as our religious authorities lic is being deliberately led to believe

tell us, should also be manifested with tat B'shop Pnaidin<r has thoroughly "humility."This humility, indeed, is discredited Joseph Smith's internretathe mark of the "superior man"so t; n y, c, ptt-1 that th "effect"noon the

eloquently eulogized by Confucius, and T,atterday Saints is problematical. A

other sages. Only such a "superior f*ir sample of this sort of thing is

man"can possibly be a real "searcher shown in the accompanying editorial after truth."f'nm one of his denominational magaThere is, however, another type of

mind, apparently less reflective or less "cultured,"possibly, also, more enBISHOP PPAT/DTNO'S STTTDV OF A grossed with practical considerations, "MORMON"DOCUMENT.

which limit its thinking capacity, although, in spite of all this a professed Bishop Snalding. of Utah. ha con-

"searcher after truth."This type of sistently'refrained from unfriendlv

mind searches less for truth than for controversy with the "Mormons"or some means to compel others to recogbitter denunciation of their religious nize the ultimate sufficiency of its own convictions. He regards many of them

beliefs, which eventually partake of the as his friends and credits them with nature of real "fixed ideas,"rather being as honest searchers after truth than of convictions of the genuine vaas he himself tries to be. The bishop

riety. Such a type of mind will not has recently been conducting an inconduct a frank investigation, and honquiry with regard to the reliability of

estly acknowledge its mistakes when Joseph Smith, Jr., as a translator. It

demonstrated. It is the type that was Smith who gave to "Mormonism"

"convinced against [its] will, is of the the Book of Mormon. "If this book be

same opinion still."true,"Bishop Spalding declares, "it is

*From the Deseret Nezvs July 5, 1913.

1076 IMPROVEMENT ERA

next to the Rlhle the most Important the Book of Abraham, written by his hook In the world."This Is a fact apOwn hand upon papyrus."

preciated hy the members of the THE VERDICT OF SCHOLARS.Church of Jesus Christ and the TetterBe- alone. them by Points andday the original While from papyrus transcendent of such book In alievers it is which the alleged of translation as some prepared, be mustimportance is the of Book Abraham was made "Mormons"enlightened most theor direct not available for inspection and subto be, to themselves declaredhave Itself criticism, certhe contains book hisliterary and of test it the tomit tain hieroglyphics Smith which Joseph of MorBook The criticism.torical declared were the reproduced rrom presto submitted itself he cannotmon original papyrus. Spalding Bishop has is claimed it because criticismentdav to three these submitted of such emit which from plates golden thethat inent authorities Sayce. Dr. as A. H. the to returned were translatedwas of Oxford, FlinEngland; W. Dr. M. deoriginally who messengerheavenly ders Petrie. of university; Dr. London Jr. Smith, Joseph tolivered them Breasted, University of H. the James of questions the satisfy to ago,Years of the Chicago; Dr. of c. Mace, Arthur folof his one Harris, Martin a certain of.Metropolitan Art, Museum New the of accuracy the concerning lowers,

translation, the prophet drew off from York; Dr. John P. Peters, who had of Pennsylof the University charge auand characters certain plates the 1888vania's to Babylonia, expedition to them to submit Harris Mr. thorized 1895; the Uniof Meyer, Dr. Edward placed were They examination. expert Berlin, F. F. versity of Dr. Von and of New Anthon, Charles Dr. before in iBissing, professor of Egyptology very a them pronounced who York gentleThese of University Munich. has however, fact, This hoax. clumsy are opinions, independent giving men, "Morupon impression little made the in declaring fraudulent unanimous to any if known it be even mons"explanations the hieroglyphics and number of them. given of them in the Book of AbraTHE BOOK OF ABRAHAM. ham. THE INEVITABLE CONCLUSION.

Since under the circumstances the Bishop Spalding is well within the

Book of Mormon itself cannot be submark in sayine: that since the fraudumitted to the criticism of scholars lent character of the Book of Abraham

Bishop Spalding turns to the Book of is thus so clearly demonstrated, every

Abraham, one of the sections of the thoughtful man will feel compelled to 'Morrepudiate the authenticity of the Book Pearl of Great Price, one of monlsm's"sacred books. Mr. Brigham of Mormon and the whole tody of bethis the leaders of adopting it. In the lief built upon one of H Roberts, his in reprinted "Mormon"the studying of has Saints, method Latterday

History of the Church, Joseph Smitn documents the bishop has rendered a

Jr's account of the discovery of the great service. Whether or not his revBook of Abraham and its translation. elation of the character of the Book

It appears that in 1835 Michael H. of Abraham and the consequent overChandler came to Kirtland, exhibiting turning of the claims made concerning

some Egyptian mummies. With them the Book of Mormon, will have any genolder rolls of of an papyeffect several "Mormons"upon been found had is It inscripseen. to be hieroglyphic eration, remains with rus covered

tions. Mr. Chandler knew nothing of hardly likely that it will. Their attitheir meaning but was curious to astude is fairly well expressed by one of

certain it. He was told that Joseph the bishop's correspondents who says:

Smith, Jr., could translate them and to "For my part, with Joseph Smith on

him they were accordingly submitted. one side and the scientists on the other,

Soon after the mummies and papyrus I will take Joseph Smith every time."

were purchased by some of the Saints This method of study and its result of Kirtland. Joseph Smith, Jr., began will hardly fail, however, to impress

to study them more carefully and deeplv the minds of younger "Morall, lies the main "much to our joy found that one of the mons."There, after rolls contained the writing of Abraham hope of freeing a half million or more

another the writing of Joseph, of of the people of this country from a transiaserious the such wrought was that has result delusion The Egypt."the of 1842 in social harm. publication personal and the and S described Abraham of Book complete of us who those Editor, Mr. Now, translation "a as Jr., Smith, Joseph by discussion know this followed have have that records ancient of some several are there that well perfectly cata the rrom hands our into fallen this in misapprenensions serious of very writings the Egypt; of see, a can combs one also, as any editorial, called Egypt, in was he while Abraham

TRUTH SEEKING 1077

rather distinct assumption of superior How absurd, then, the spectacle of intelligence and virtue. I am sorry that "distinguished alienists"haggling and

the "cause of Christ"must be furthered crosstestifying on the question of the in such a state of mind, and wish that actual insanity of a murderer at the it might be otherwise. I have, howbar! This sort of thing nappens so

ever, no quarrel with Blsnop Spalding, often that one really doubts whether who, as I understand from those who there is a sharplymarked distinction have met him, is an excellent Christian between sanity and insanity. So much

gentleman, but I believe that public atfor the value of expert testimony on tention should be very effectively called matters admitting of the slightest marto the real nature of this investigation, gin of doubt. We are concerned wholly

in order to judge as to what facts have with opinion, pure and simple, and not been actually demonstrated. Several of with anything that may be proved

the opinions have evidently been so colconclusively.

ored with prejudice, impatience and Another thing that must not be overcontempt, that they are much reduced looked in such a discussion is the inin value. If opinions emitted in this evitable narrowing effect of a specialty.

"unscholarly"state of mind furnish acThe specialist in any branch, with the ceptable evidence to the American pubsole exception of the practical sciences, lic, either that "Mormonism"has been usually reaches the point at which he quashed, or that their own beliefs have knows little or nothing outside his been upheld, it is a sad comment on the branch, and even suffers from a sad discriminative intelligence of our peodefect of imagination. Thus, a stateple. A "great name"is not always a- ment made in terms other than those

perfect guarantee, nor does a university with which he is familiar, or a statedegree or a professorial chair always ment involving any new line of ininvolve completely "ripened scholarvestigation, is obliged to "run the ship."Intolerance and boastfulness gauntlet"of expert disapproval, unare both "unscholarly"states of mind. til so evidently demonstrated that even

Now, on the assumption that these scholars cannot deny its accuracy.

"experts"have really said anything This has been the ordeal prescribed that constitutes a finality, as viewed for every advance in human knowlfrom any standpoint of scholarly acedge from Galileo to railroads. Specicuracy, there is positively no room or alists all along the line have demonreason for such a paean of triumph as strated their superior intelligence more

the above editorial. These "experts"by propounding difficulties and makhave given us a lot of opinions, which ing criticisms than by honestly investhey have not attempted to prove bv tigating to "see if those things are

authoritative demonstration, and which true."The medio*] profession dealt

consequently, constitute no nearer aphardly with Morton, the discoverer of proximation to finalities than any other anaesthesia, and the "germ theory of variety of offhand "experfopinion. The disease"was long debated from the

true man of science in any branch of standpoint of "established principles."

human knowledge is under constant How many "impossible machines"are and unescapable obligation to demonnow serving the daily needs of manstrate the accuracy of his conclusions. kind! It seems strange that Fulton

There is the advantage of the scientific was actually called "crazy,"only a method. Nor is there the slightest exlittle over a century ago, because ho

cuse for the attitude of mind which proposed to build a steampropelled tacitly assumes the infallibility of its boat. There were numerous difficulown conclusions, where reason indicates ties in the way of its success. All

the need of adequate demonstration in these errors of the "learned"rose several particulars. Thus, if an "acsolely from defective imagination.

credited expert"perpetrates a silly In spite of these facts, it would be blunder, there is no sense in accepting senseless to deny the value of real such dictum as an oracular deliverance. attainments in any branch of knowl-

A blunder is no more honorable in him edge or learning. It is necessary only

than in the densest ignoramus. Moreto recogn'ze the essential limitations

over, the true scholar dreads a blunder of the intellectual temperament, and as the rest of us dread a sin. to deal with it accordingly. Nor is

There can be no doubt that a physiii: altogether incomprehensible that a

cian, making a specialty of insanity, person trained in any given line knows immeasurably more about that should view with impatience the efspecialty than the best equipped scholforts of one not so trained. He is

ar in Egyptology knows about ancient prejudiced at the start, by the knowlEgypt and its customs. The insane, edge that the opinions or theories,

like the poor, are "always wltn us,"and which he is asked to criticize, have it is a comparatively simple matter for emanated from an "untrained mind."

a qualified physician to become faVery often this attitude is justified, miliar with their ways and symptoms. but sometimes it is premature. What1078 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ever may be the truth Of the matter fore Champolllon's disci. quesjn any given ease, 11 Is decidedly tioned some points asserted by him?

i areful fOry with tin in,worthy and scholarly to give i onaideration to all claims and in the sense that he worked before mi ler discussion, before "rushthere was any science of Egyptology.

Ing Into print."Consequently, if Sayce, or an

With the knowledge <>r what would can prove that he was entirely misInevitably be the prejudices of "coltaken, his honesty and sincerity are lege professors"and ministers al the by no means impugned. No sentimention of Joseph smith or of "Morment other than prejudice could exna,"it might have occurred to press itself in such a phrase, and this

an "hsSBSSt searcher after truth,"is proof nunil er one that the witnesses wishing in good faith to Investigate have been biased at the start.

the facts about the Book of Abraham, With t'ni-; unpromising beginning.

and the interpretation of it:-, accomthe Professor proceeds, as follows:

panying figures, to have removed the "11 is facsimile from the Book of Abracaptions from these figures, and asked ham No. 2 Is an ordinary hypocepha-

a selected jury of experts to give their lus, but the hieroglyphics on it have significance, as understood by modern been copied so ignorantly that hardly s< holarship. Such an "honest sea.-chone of them is correct."The fact

er"should have known perfectly well that this is an "ordinary hypocethat "scholars"would object to and phalus"sesms very enormous in the il UMiince Smith as a "scab transProfessor's eyes, and blinds him to lator,"precisely as the clergy have the fact that far more than one of always denounced him as a "scab the figures on this plate are recognizpreacher,"and would have, therefore, able by any one having before him a given him the "benefit of the doubt,"list of hieroglyphic characters. He

by first obtaining the opinions of also forgets that this "hypocephalus"

Egyptologists on these plates, and character is no necessary refutation comparing their findings with what or'Smith's interpretations of the conSmith had said. As it is, the opintained figures.

ions of the Bishop's experts are eviIn the second place, we may judge dently so colored by their prejudices of the finality of the "scholarly"conthat they are in no sense conclusive; clusions, which are now being featured

and this, as I believe, I strongly sugas the "death warrant"ot Smith's gested in a previous communication. reputation as a translator, by the

"Whether this is the correct method ability of these scholars to translate of conducting such an inquiry, or not, or their own account; and this is an

the fact remains that it was not important point to consider. In the

Bishop Spalding's method: as he was iss.ue of your newspaper for March 7,

the "boss of the job,"he would prob1913, I note a vigorous rejoinder by ably assert his right to conduct it in Eishop Spalding to Doctor John A.

his own way. He has no right, howWidtsoe, in which he includes a letever, to allow the public to assume ter from the Rev. Professor Mercer,

that he has done what he has not which argues, in effect, that the opindone, nor has he any right to ignore ions published in the original pamplain facts respectfully brought to his phlet were not, and could not be, conintention, on the authority, as elsetradictory. "We will notice this letwhere expressed, of some of his own ter later, but, at present, 1 want to

coterie of witnesses. call your attention to the Professor's

The first result of the false method easy avoidance of one point, on which of conducting the inquiry is to there seems to be a differenceof opinblindly prejudice the witnesses. Thus, ion. This refers to the question of

the Rev. Professor Sayce, himself a whether the hieroglyphic figures on

scholar of no mean repute, remarks Plates 2 and 3 are really legible or painfully how difficult it is "to deal not. We have it on the authority of

...seriously with Joseph Smith's impuSayce that these "hieroglyphics

dent fraud."If the rest of Profeshave been transformed into unintellisor Sayce's opinions are in line with gible lines;"on the authority of Pethis sentence, we may justly state that trie that "the inscriptions are far too

they are based upon no careful badly copied to be able to read, thought or attention to the matter in them,"although he thinks that the hand, but upon simple resemblances name "Shishak"can be deciphered it."and familiar analogies. How is it "so far as the copy shows

that Joseph Smith's professed translaBreasted, however, does not hesitate tion of a papyrus and his interpretato state that, although the hierotion of certain drawings is an "imglyphics "have been much corrupted pudent fraud"any more than assumed in copying,"they "contain the usual translations of Seyffarth, Spohn, explanatory inscriptions regularly

Voung. and others, who worked be found in such funerary documents;"

TRUTH SEEKING 1079

while Dr. F. F. von Bissing gains doubt as to what it really indicates.

our envious admiration by the confiThere are evident variations from the dent statement that "none of the ordinary Book of the Dead scenes, and names mentioned... can be found there are grave difficulties in the way

in the text."As a matter of fact, it of the assumption that it has been

is highly improbable that the altered. Here is another case, in

hieroglyphics on either plate can which a sample "facsimile"or two be read at all, whether they from the doctor's "scores"would be are "ignorantly copied"or not. Conexceedingly enlightening. It would cost

sequently, Prof. Breasted's statement him very little time and trouble to give

about "explanatory inscriptions"is us a few titles and page references, wholly an inference based on some as a guide in our researches.

points of resemblance to other known Whatever may be the demonstrable plates; while the German professor's truth about plates 1 and 3, the large

remark is wholly gratuitous—no one. number of "successful guesses"in plate

so far as I have heard, has asserted 2, the "hypocephalus,"are interesting.

that "the names mentioned"are to be Here, anyone inclined to make the found in the text. As previously inkind of unprejudiced examination,

dicated, also, Dythgoe of New York worthy of an "honest searcher, etc.,"

states confidently that the hieromust admit that there are a few surglyphics on the second plate contain prising coincidences, to say the least.

"snatches of a hymn to the Sun God."But, the chorus of condemnation of

It would be an excellent move, if some Mr. Smith's interpretations evidently

of these experts should make a transarises, not so much from his alleged lation of these inscriptions, of widen inaccuracy, as from the ract that he they know so much, but which, acuses unfamiliar terms in describing the cording to others again, are illegible. several figureelements. Here is a sitSuch a translation, however, must be uation very embarrassing to the averfully, justified, or else, it may be, some age specialist, as already hinted. Had

challenges of its accuracy may appear. any of the usual terms of Egyptology

Now, Mr. Editor, while I cannot been used here, the result would have

state, as a fully demonstrated fact, been different, undoubtedly. For exthat Smith's interpretations of these ample, when the German professor

plates are wholly accurate, I am enwriting for Dr. Spalding, calls Fig. 4

tirely satisfied that the judgments of "the God Sokar in the Sacred Book his critics constitute no finalities in a (Boat),"and Prof. Petri.2, in his "Abycontrary direction. In the first place, dos"(part I), calls a precisely similar

as regards plate 1, there are certain figure on another hypocephalus, "Hopoints, as indicated in my previous rus,"the Egyptologists have something article on this subject, that go far to familiar to discuss, and can weigh the enforce the conclusions that the pose arguments for and against the accurof the reclining figure is exceedingly acy of either statement. When, howunfamiliar, if not unknown, and that ever, there is found a caption containthe standing figure, also, is by no ing the statement "signifying expanse,

means regular. Consequently, when or the firmament of the heavens,"a

Breasted asserts that, "we orientalists wholly inadmissable proposition is encould publish scores of these 'facsimicountered, in spite of the fact that les from the Book of Abraham'taken Horus, at least, seems occasionally to from other sources,"th< thought inbe the "Sky God."As Prof. Breasted

evitably occurs to the "honest searchremarks, annotating Mercer's letter, er after truth"that such publication "On3 man says fifty cents, another might be valuable. If the doctor would half a dollar."But, strangely enough,

kindly refer such to any books or whsn still a third man says "two museum collections in which a few shillings,"we have to stop and figure it from these "scores"could be found out, before we recognize that there is and studied, he would confer a distinct only about two cents difference.

favor. In default of tnese helps from Misled by unfamiliar terms, or rather

a "real scholar,"I can see no reason by the absence of familiar names, Dr.

for revising my former statement that Friedrich F. von Bissing confidently

this plate "as shown in the Book of asserts of the second facsimile, "None

Abraham, is not familiar to Egyptolof the names mentioned by Smith can ogists, and that no duplicate is known."be found in the text, and he has mis-

I made some extensive researches beinterpreted the significance of every fore I made that statement, and have one figure."In order to demonstrate

made others since. I stand for corthis sweeping statement, the profesrection. sor proceeds, forthwith, to mention and

As regards the third pla.te, also, I see name three figures, two of which have

no mason for mocU'ying my former conbeen described with perfect accuracy clusion that the differences shown are by Smith. "Fig. 5,"says he, "is the

sufficiently great to constitute a real divine cow of Hathor, 6 are the four 1080 IMPROVEMENT ERA

children of Home as the Canoplo Gods, apprehensions, and that the s large numbert is the <;<>d Bokar in the sacred boat, In any sense—a veryetc."Smith says of Fig. 5, "said by the Of things being still entirely unknown

could readily haveEgyptians to be the u.i."The divine or uncertain—one

cow Hathor Is one of the several symrespected his candor. When, however,

bols of the sky, and is known in some he argues, in effect, that schi lara connections as the "eye of the sun,"his department can make no mistakes, or the "eye of Ra."Hathor repreit is very disheartening. Furthermore,

sented not only the sky, in general, as I do not hesitate to assert, he has but, as specified in some places, "that proved nothing for all his pains.

part of the sky where the sun is"—her With broad confident strokes the

name, HetHer, signifies literally, reverend gentleman proceeds, as fol- "house of Horus."She later becomes lows. Speaking of fig. 1, Plate 1,

the goddess of the west, who receives which some of Spalding's contributors the setting sun. That, both by name had called the "soul,"others, "Isis,"

etc., he says: "Theand ascribed functions, she is inevit- "hawk of Horus,"

ably associated with the s-.un cannot be layman would naturally see here a

... The expert seesdenied. discrepancy.

In order still further to enforce his no discrepancy. It was a regular cussweeping condemnation of Smith's intom for the Egyptian artist to repreterpretations, he mentions that "6 are sent The Soul under the form of the of Horus.the four children of Horus as the Horus bird or the Hawk

Canopic Gods."Smith said of 6, "repFurther, as any dead Egyptian was his soul Osiris so referred to as an quarters."four in its earthresents the is, to There as an Isis. was referred gods of are the four of Horus sonsThe

the four quarters, as amply demontherefore, no discrepancy."fig. 2 he finds several apparentlystrated in the lengthy quotation from On thus, different "dead interpretations, arfirst inProf. included my Budge of "dead person,"dead,"the "body allegaitsticle and this pamphlet on dead,"rising the "Osiris man,"from Scholtions. will "great German Why confident in the proceeds and same presthe In blunders? suchars"make is there vein: expert to the "Again has Spalding case, Bishopent because perdiscrepancy. here dead no Every beto "experts"to his allowchosen is Osiris. person son dead an Every Smith If start. the at prejudicedcomo necessarily, according being Osiris an Gerthe this matter, in wrongwas the to riseo from Theology, Egyptian with score settle the will to haveman in reis discrepancy dead. no There

Prof. Budge, whose authority upholds ferring to fig. 2 both as the dead perjudgment. of Smith'sthe accuracy rising as the Osiris dead from son and >p Spalding's Bish of the issuance On life, or as to since as soon emcoming discrepancies of number apamphlet being dead, the takes balming place testiexperts'to in the existappeared rises."Osiris, seemed fact, this of course,mony, and finds several appar- 3, he On fig. that evidence distinct a mindsto many thus, identifications, different ently

these gentlemen weie no: quite as sure "Anubis,""Embalmer,""Officiating

of their ground as should be the case, Priest,""A priest,""Priest,"and conif, indeed, "scholarship"is to serve any tinues his reconciliations: "Since

effective part in sectarian propaganda. Anubis is the God of embalming and

Rev. Prof. Mercer, accordingly, underconductor of the souls of the dead, the

took to neutralize the effect of these priestly embalmer, fig. 3. is therefore,

"apparent discrepancies"by preparing often represented under the form of a line of arguments lending to show the God Anubis. Deveria is not wrong

that there was complete and harmonious In saying that the God (of) Anubis accord among the authorities; indeed, (the embalmer under that form) efthat there could be nothing else. These fects the resurrection of the dead

arguments he composed into a letter, Osiris. (Note by Dr. Breasted 'The

annotated by Prof. Breasted, and It officiating Priest wears the head of a

appeared as part of Spalding's rejoinwolf or jackal to impersonate Anubis').

der to Dr. John A. Widtsoe in yours of (Oftener Jackal—Mercer).

7.March "As far as the scholars thought it

I was exceedingly sorry to read this necessary to interpret the other figcommunication of Dr. Merctr's, not ures of plate No. l. their interpretabecause he had established points tions are correct and give no cause for

against anything I had argued for, but misunderstanding.

frankly, because it is unworthy of him "There is also no misunderstanding or of any other person professing to about plate No. 3, as Mr. Roberts adto be a careful scholar. Had he been mits. A writer, however, in the Descontent to allow the obvious facts that eret Evening News of Dec. 17, 1912,

human nature, even among the finds some difficulties. The cause, as

learned, is fallible and liable to misin the case of Mr. Roberts, is to be

of Egyptology is by no means exact found in the fact that the writer is a

TRUTH SEEKING 1081

layman in things Egyptian. He consome of the several variations of this

fuses the interpretation of figures idea. Consequently, it is absurd to arwith the translations of hieroglyphics; gue that, when one man calls the bird

while the translation of ignorantly "the soul flying away"and another copied hieroglyphics is a precarious calls it "Isis,"both have the same idea proceeding, the interpretation of in mind, and are merely using, accordEgyptian figures is a comparatively ing to preference or habit, one of two simple matter."perfectly synonymous and interThe process by which Dr. Mercer archangeable expressions.

rives at his vigorouslyasserted conApart from this, the conclusion clusions strongly reminds one of what reached by Doctor Mercer is evidently is called, in vulgar parlance, "cooking forced, a play on words, in fact, and the evidence."In making this rein no sense an explanation of any apmark. I have no desire to characterparent or real discrepancy. This is

ize his work in any way beyond intrue because, when the several Egypsisting on the very obvious propositologists were commenting on these tions: (1) that whatever he has esplates and figures in the Spalding

tablished in these laborious parapamphlet, they were using the names graphs is of doubtful value, except in Osiris, Isis, etc., in one sense, and, in

a very general sense; (2) that it is of this letter Dr. Mercer is using them in

no value as further interpretation of a different sense entirely. Thus, in

the plates in question; (3) that it the pictures w e would have these

forms a very doubtful contribution to deities represented as definite personthe discussion of the several "scholaralities, each with his or her recogly criticisms,"which it professes to nized function in the mythology of reconcile. Several of the things said, Egypt. When, however, the names

while true, possibly, in some certain are used in the senses proposed by senses or connections, are not strictly Dr. Mercer, we use them in a very

accurate in others; and, while good figurative and "spiritual"sense, which

general propositions, if susceptible ot could not have occurred to any one proof, are quite out of place here. attempting to interpret a picture repThus, when he states that "as any resenting them. I may illustrate this

dead Egyptian was referred to as an by an example, which, I trust, will not

Osiris so his soul was referred to as an seem irreverent. When Paul says:

Isis,"he is saying something that is "Not I, but Christ which is in me,, neither accurate nor defensible. It Is etc.,''he is evidently referring to the

perfectly true that the spiritual part spiritual presence of Christ, through of the deceased is often represented the "indwelling of the Holy Ghost,"as a bird, because it "flew away,"to and not to the resurrected Godman, dwell in the trees or in the regions of who said, "Handle me, and see; for a

Amenti, the West, or underworld, and spirit hath not flesh and bones as ye that he is called "an Osiris"(thus see m e have."Similarly, in the parOsiris Henefer or Osiris Ani), also, the able of the Prodigal Son, we have,

"justified in Osiris,"who was the King as is generally believed, a representaof the Dead and the righteous judge. tion of the defection and return to

It is not equally clear, however, that God of the human soul. But, no one

"his soul was referred to as an Isis."would think of labeling a picture of

According to the several variations of the "Prodigal's Return"with any such the Osiris and Isis legend or myth, caption as "God Receiving the ReOsiiris. having been killed, is watched pentant Soul."This is a very good exover by his sisterwife Isis, until his ample of the very distinction upon

resurrection, brought about by the which I wish to insist in the present filial devotion of their son Horus, who connection. If Dr. Mercer, or any of

had been conceived and born in the his colleagues, thinks differently I meantime. Carrying out the analogy would respectfully inquire whether,'in

of this myth in the history of every commenting on the Third Plate, he justified deceased, Isis is represented would consider himself justified in callas watching over his mummy in the ing Fig. 1 a "dead Egyptian.. referred

death chamber, often accompanied by to as an Osiris,"or in calling Fig. 2

her sister Nephthys, or Nebhat, both in "his soul... referred to as an Isis."

the form of hawks. In such a conHis attempted "reconciliations"in

nection, Isis does not represent the connection with Fig. 2 of this same

"soul"of the deceased, but rather his plate are equally unsatisfactory. Thus,

"double,''or on the assumption that this plate is a Ka—his wraith or Doppelganger, as we have it in modern part of "the usual equipment of the

phrases, as nearly as the idea can be dead,"there occur two perfectly reasonable variations of interpretation, reproduced in our thought—whose duty it is to watch over the mummy which constitute no possible suspicion

until the resurrection. If there are in any informed mind that there is a

definite cases where there is another lack of knowledge involved in the difidentification, they represent only ference of opinion. Because of the un1082 IMPROVEMENT ERA

usual pose of the reclining figure, one yet become a fully qualified "Osiris,"of the critics,;it least, calls it "Osiris for he declares, without hesitation:

rising from the dead,"while others re- "Apparently, the plate.. represents

fer to it merely as a dead person about an cmbalmer preparing a body for burto be muinmhied. Dr. Mercer, however, ial.,\t Hi''bead, the soul (Kos) is Hywill not "let good enough alone,"but ing away in the form of a bird. Under

must improvise a "bull of infallibility"the bed on which the body lies are the to blanket all Egyptological delivercanopic jars to bold the organs and ances. Consequently, he proceeds to deentrails removed from the body In the

liver the following opinion: "There is process of embalming. In the waters

no discrepancy in referring to Fig. 2 below the earth I see a crocodile waitboth as th? dead person and as Osiris ing to seize and devour the dead if he

rising from the dead or coming to life, be not properly protected by ritual emsince as soon as embalming takes place balming against such a fate."

the dead, being Osiris, rises."This is On the third figure the Doctor folprobably accurate, in the sense above lows a similarly inconclusive course,

explained, but It has nothing to do with finding three separate Identifications, the case in hand; as an attempt at priest,""emtalmer,"and "Anubis,"

'reconciliation of apparent discrepanhe writes: "Since Anubis is the God of

cies,"it is a flatfooted failure. embalming and conductor of the souls

To be sure;:s it appears in the Docof the dead, the priestly embalmer, fig.

tor's letter the cass is perfectly clear 3, is therefore, often represented under and beautifully concise. Unfortunately, the form of the God Anubis."This is no

however, he is not making general eminent example of "reconciliation,"statements, to apply in the entire range since the figure accords neither to the of his science, when one "expert"calls conventional representation of Anubis, such a figure a "dead man"and another with a wolf's or jackal's head, nor yet "Osiris rising."He is, or is supposed is he attempting to personate an into be, commenting on a definite docudividual so afflicted. It would be much

ment to wit, the Spalding pamphlet. more to the point to indicate instances

Accordingly, when he attempts to set in which the God Anubis is evidently in contrast the above two judgments by shown with a human head. That would

themselves, he is suppressing matter, reconcile the apparent discrepancy equally relevant to the discussion, created by Prof. Petrie, who calls this

which persists in cold black type on figure "Anubis"without qualification.

FVshop Spalding's pages. To be sure. Dr. Lythgoe of New York, to be sure,

Prof, von Kissing calls this figure "the has asserted that this figure has been dead man,"but he adds immediately changed, and that a "human and after, "The soul is leaving the body in strangely unEgyptian head"has been the moment when the priest (3) is substituted for the familiar visage and opening the body with a knife for mumcranium of Anubis. None of the other

mification."Consequently, if Prof. experts, however, have asserted that,

Bissing's words express his idea, this this or other figures were changed. And

particular "dead man"is not yet this is very surprising. If they know of

"Osiris risine-."which he should become, a duplicate to Plate 1, where may it

according to Mercer, "as soon as embe found?

balming takes place."Whatever one In spite of the evident deficiencies of

may insist is meant by the words, Doctor Mercer's demonstrations, as "takes place"the clear sense from nbove indicated, he writes to Bishop the Egyptian point of view is that the Spalding, in reply to Prof. Widtsoe's

indicated res lit follows onlv when the criticism that only eight Egyptologists mummification is completed (not were consulted in the present contromerely begun), according to prescribed versy, in the following words: "He asks

ritual. Tn the same vein, the Doctor why only eight Egyptologists were apouotes Prof. Meyer as saying that this proached. If he knew anything about

figure represents tle "body of the dead"linguistic work of the nature of hierobut Meyer sees "the soul in the shape glyphics he would not ask such a quesof a bird flyina: above it and a priest tion, [Prof. "Widtsoe will be more cartapproaching it."Evidently, he. also. ful after this rebuke] for any ancient

believes that the mummification is not linguist knows that the unanimous tesyet complete, according to rit"al and timony of eignt scholars is the same as that consequently, the dead is not yet that of eighty and eight. This is es-

"Osiris rising."In addition to these pecially true, ps I have already shown,

two obvious cases of neglected context, that to an Egyptologist there was abwe find the noinion of the Reverend Dr. solutely no discrepancy in the replies

Peters, which has, apparently, slipped of the scholars.

Doctor Mercer's attention. This gentle- I am very much afraid that the Docman who, as the Doctor informs us tor is mistaken in his last statement

"well knows Egyptian and Babylonian or else, as we must conclude, the study history."also has no patience with the of Egyptology exercises a singularly

theory that the reclining figure has as maladive influence on the reasoning

TRUTH SEEKING 1083

powers of some of those pursuing it. Egyptology being a well established

However the Doctor pursues his chosen science, if he means entirely certain course of expression with still further and accurate, he is wrqjig: there are

denunciations of Smith's findings: too many uncertainties as to transla-

"As I understood it,"he says, speaktion to admit of such perfection.

ing of the Bishop's method of cond jctBut the doctor believes in doing ing his "inquiry"and forming his pamthings thoroughly. Thus, having startphlet, "you merely wished to know ed out to discredit Joseph Smith, he

from Egyptologists whether, in their seems determined to carry the fight judgment (after comparing their own into every region. He likes his explanknowledge of Egyptian with Joseph ations of the Egyptian pictures ill

Smith's as revelaed by his interpretaenough, and his method of transliterattion of the facsimiles), Smith knew ing Hebrew words even less, if that enough of the Egyptian language tu were possible. He mentions this latter

translate texts. All the scholars came in his communication to the Spalding

to the same conclusion, viz.: That pamphlet, and by the time he writes

Smith could not possibly correctly his first letter, as quoted by the bishop, translate any Egyptian text, as his init seems to be a very sharp thorn in his terpretation of the facsimiles shows. tlesh. Here he writes: "1 am quite

Any pupil of mine who would show aware of the fact that the transliterasuch absolute ignorance of Egyptian as tion of a foreign word is a subjective

Smith does, cculd not possibly expect matter, to a certain extent, yet there to get more than zero in an examinaare some general rules followed by all tion in Egyptology."scholars. No modern scholar would

Doctor Mere* r evidently agrees with transliterate Resh, koph, yod, ain

Emerson in the statement that "conLRaukeeyang] or yod, he, vav, he [Jahsistency is a superstition of small oheh] as Smith does, nor can my critic letter, previously first In his minds."of the scientific in grammar any a certain find rebukes sharply quoted, he of any transliteraSmith period Joseph because, Egyptian"in things "layman 's show, as This would like Smith. the tion "he confuses enough, unscholarly transliteration Smith's I stated, that transthe figures with of interpretation yod, 'is accurate.'Moreover, far from which things hieroglyphics,"lation of is word he, Egyptian he, an vav, NOT the In different. quite evidently are believed."asserts and as Smith tnat forget to instance seems he present is, difficult a such to read indeed, It in interexpert, quite be might one "scientific methods"about statement "a figures, comparaEgyptian preting qualifrom a "scholarly accuracy"and unyet be and matter,"tively simple of reeling fied without some Hebraist, that also, even language; in the learned

accomplished linguists are not always surprise. As a Hebraist, Doctor Merable to tell for sure whether the figure cer is undoubtedly aware that Hebrew Why of a plair. "dead man"or of "Osiris ristransliteration is a real problem.

ing from the dead,"is before them. should any man, whetner knowing deal, transor a great Hebrew,""some the climax reaches the Doctor However, into rendered often literate a word, ser following in the of his argument

fences: English letters as RAQIA, with such a

"The science of Egyptology is well monstrous combination as RAUKEEestablished as anyone knows who is ANG? One would logically try to find

acquainted with the great Grammar of some explanation for the enormity beErman, a 3rd Ed. of which appeared in fore denouncing the act as one of "es1911. I speak as a linguist when I say sential ignorance."This does not look

that if Smith knew Egyptian and corlike ignorance, but strongly like adherrectly interpreted the facsimiles which ence to some rule of pronunciation, not you submitted to me, then I don't know always followed. There must be a rea-

a word of Egyptian, and Erman's son for it. It is scarcely remarkable, of a Comsomewhat although therefore, all modern fake, and is a Grammar of Spalding's method on Bishop ment deceived."are Egyptologists this in that we find, a case, presenting the examined carefully I have not

third edition of Doctor Erman's Gramsame "Reply to Dr. John A. Widtsoe,"Peters Dr. Reverend the letter from a of acquaintance basis but, on the mar, suggesvery following the containing inclined to I editions am with previous

passages: tive known have might Smith that belief the or explanation 20, the in page dis- "On entirely without Egyptian some 'Rau12 commences 1, No. No. Plate authority; great German the crediting the or expanse, signifying I keeyang, I showed, article, previous in also, a this in DUt heaas; our over firmament certainly made Smith that believe, the subject, this to relation in case, of the meaning at "guesses"good very Shaumau, signify to meant Egyptians I least. doubt at figures, these of some answering heavens, the or high, to statebe doctor's the of correctness the Shaumayeem.'word I himself, Hebrew the to that on Erman; about ment procorrupt is? a evidently to Raukeeyang As judgment. his to own leave will

1084 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"i nunciailon the '"have "no lettera r sound,"prop Reah Kopfa should hert in v '"1 and Ain such the sixth verse 01 the assume aggravated proportions.

Bral chapter ol Qeneala; but the spell- \s a matter of plain, simple tact, the

ing shews that it was taken from the ""''I "'ik"in this caM slums that the proaunciatlon of a Bephardim Jew. man who Brat wrote tins word as we

.Must Jews, wliom we have in this counhave ft bad very vivid and sufficient

try today are Askenazim, who prosense of the essential dlffi pence benounce quite differently, (the breathings,

Jewish immigration, small, which was older tween- x, "',h: ""'the A':.two Wegutturalmight reasonably

wan Sephardim). Christian teachers expect a professor of Hebrew to recoghave, as a rule, learned their Hebrew nize this fact, and commend it accord

from other Christian teachers,* going Ingly. That it is both absurd and slovback to the period of the Reformation, enly to give the equivalents of these

and they have a more scientific and accharacters as mere unmodified sounds curate pronunciation than either Sepor of other vowels, according to hardlzn or Askenazim. Smith did not "Pointing,"is a fact patent to any

get hi3 'Raukeeyang'from a Christian Hebrew student. The following pasteacher, but from a Jew. Incidentally sage from Gesenius fully explains tht.

it appears to be evidence that he was,.it u.-it ion.

in his way, at that time studying these "Among the gutturals, Aleph Is the old languages."slightest, a scarcely audible breathing

There can be no doubt but what Dr. from the lungs,... on the princiPeters has furnished the true explanaple that an initial vowel is naturally

tion of the matter. As related by Jopreceded by a soft breathing. Even beseph Smith ("History of the Church,"fore a vowel, it is almost lost upon the

Vol. II) he actually studied Hebrew, ear, like the 'h'in the Frencn 'habit,'

first with a certain Doctor Piexotto, 'homme,'Eng. 'hour,'but after a vowel

later with a certain Doctor Seixas, both it is mostly lost in that vowel sound.

... Ain is related to Aleph butof whose names suggest the Sephardic

origin of their bearers. The Sephardim stronger; and is a sound peculiar to the

were the Jewish remnants of those exorgans of the Semitic rare. Its hardest

pelled from Spain and Portugal in the sound is that of a 'g* slightly rattled in fifteenth century. But, of course, we the throat. |"The "Septuagint"version

are "no forwarder,"as Herbert Spencer of the Old Testament renders into phrases it, by transferring the burden Greek many words, having initial Ain of "ignorance"from the shoulders of in Hebrew, with initial "g."thus: Gaza,

Smith to those of one of the Sephardim. Gomorra, etc.] It is elsewhere a weakWhat reason, if any, is there for this er sound of that sort, which the Penmethod of transliteration? Is it habit, tungint (translators) indicate only by

or preference, or mere carelessness in a breathing [rough, as in 'Eli (hEli) or the talk of a band of persecuted refusmooth, as in 'Amalek (aAmalek)].

gees? It is neither the one, nor the Tn the mouth of the Arabs,

other, nor yet the third: the transliterathe first often strikes the ear

tion is perfectly defensible, although like a soft guttural 'r.'the second

probably very irregular, by the simplest as a sort of vowel sound like 'a'.—To

rules of Hebrew. The complete analypass over (Ain't, as many do in reading

sis of this word in Hebrew, including and in the expression of Hebrew words the Massoretic vowel points, is Resh, by our letter* (e.g. Eli. Amalek). and

Qames Koph, Chireq (long), Todh, to pronounce it as 'g'or as nazal 'ng'.

Ayin, Patach. The Qames represents are both incorrect. An approximation

long "a"(under certain conditions, to its stronger sound would be 'GH'- or also, short "o,"when it is called Q. 'rG'."—Grammar (Mitchell's Ed. ) 1<3.

chatuph). The transliteration "au"pp. 2627.

(probably to be pronounced as in the We learn here three things: first, that

English words "taught,"caught,"etc. there is a very real and sensible difemphasizes the guttural tendency of ference between Aleph and Ain, which

"a,"after the analogy of Sanskrit and should be carefully remembered hv other oriental languages. The Chireq, any Hebrew student: second, that the

regularly long before Yodh ("y"), has a nrorer sound of Ain is often hard, pronunciation closely like "ee"in having been given as "g"in som"rrc- "meet."The Patach, according to most ognized transliterations; third, that the

authorities, has a sound closely resound is peculiar to the Semitic sembling the English short "a"as in languages, and may not be perfectly In- "cat,""mat,"etc. These equivalents dicated in English by any combination

are given by Smith. of printed letters. As nearly as T have

Undoubtedly, the sorest point in this heo n able to identify and describe it. it

transliteration is the final "ng."It would seem fairly accurate to say

would naturally occur to a "layman"that the rough sound is a harsh guttuto inquire as to how it can be that a ral utterance, or breathing, somewhat letter (Ain or Ayin), which is believed resembling the sound made in attemptTRUTH SEEKING 1085

ing to imitate a "growl."It involves Hebrew word becomes a very impor-

a distinct vibration of the soft palate, tant matter, when Ave consider that, but avoids being a "gurgle."The probably a large percentage of

soft sound is more like a "sigh."If disputed readings, also of passages,

the harsh sound is continued at the end evidently mistranslated, because out of of the word, it resembles those menharmony with their contexts, are to be tioned above: if it is suddenly disconaccounted for on the theory of incortinued in utterance, it has an effect rect pointing. The fact may be recogclose to hard "g"or "ng". nizer] when we have several manuBut, Doctor Mercer, seems inclined to scripts showing variations in this paraward Smith the "extreme sentence,"ticular. In default of such variations,

for the crime of trespassing on the something of the kind may be sussacred "preserves"of learning. Acpected in the case of an obscure or incordingly, he speaks the "slow, irreharmonious reading. A good example

vocable words"of condemnation, as is to be found in the striking passage, follows: "No modern scholar would Job. xix. 2527. Here Job is represented

transliterate.... yod, he, vav, he, as saying: "And (though) after myas Smith does, nor can my critic find skin (they) destroy this (body),"etc.,

in any scientific grammar of the period but the margin contains an alternate of Joseph Smith any transliteration like reading: "And after I shall awake

Smith's.... Moreover, yod, he, vav, (though) this (body) be destroyed,"

he, is not an Egyptian word as Smith etc. There is quite a difference beasserts and believed."tween "skin"and "awake"to be sure,

As to whether this word is Egyptian, but the whole confusion in the Hebrew or as to whether Smith states that it text consists in a question as to the was, we will discuss later. The word proper placing of a single dot. The

in question, the Hebrew tetragra.mmaword in question is represented by the

ton, JHVH (more correctly, YHWH,) consonants A in Waw Resh, and, acis the Old Testament name for God, cording to pointing, it may read either, usually rendered "Jehovah,"but, pregOR or gUR (the lowercase "g"repsumably, varied by Smith into "Jahresenting the sound of Ain), oheh."There is, or has been, considThe first meaning "skin"(noun) the

erable uncertainty as regards the prosecond, "to awake, arise, excite, lift up.

per pronunciation of this word, and etc."There is found, therefore, a conthis, from the peculiar method followed siderable difference of meaning, accordby the Ancient Hebrews in writing ing to the word used; and both have

their language. In the most ancient manuscript authority. It is probable,

period there were no vowel indicahowever, that much more radical tions in written Hebrew; hence, there changes could be made in this passage,

was a wide margin of uncertainty in to bring it into harmony with its conmany cases as to the true pronunciatext. It is one of the numerous cas—

tion, hence, also the true meaning, of of evident mistranslation in the Book very many words. One could underof Job, which is conspicuous for this

stand this by writing even a brief parasort of thing.

graph composed entirely of consonants While on this subject, it is in point (except possibly, where initial vowels to remark that, to the trained Hebraist, occur), and then attempting to read the defective translation of the Bible it a few weeks afterward. One might is a matter only too obvious to need

find numerous uncertainties; for examdiscussion. He knows perfectly wel.

ple, we could not be sure whether also, that some of the most striking "Jns"is Jones or Janus; whether he is passages depend upon the doubtful au-

a Minister or a Monster; whether he is thority of Masoretic reading, others,

the owner of a Shop or a Ship, etc. upon the unmistakable misapprehenThis difficulty in written Hebrew was sion of the original translators. In

removed to a great extent by the introother words—and this is not "destrucduction of the "Masoretic points,"tive criticism"—the translation cf the

arbitrary arrangements of dots and Bible is in no sense either scient.fij

dashes indicating the several vowel or "scholarly."

sounds, to be placed under the consonThere are several conspicuous cases ant letters. Of course, in very many of the same thing even in the New

cases, the scribes used their own judgTestament, where the excuse of Masment about the proper points to be oretic variations does not exist. Some

used in combinations of consonants: of these are on nice points of Greek

hence we have variations of reading, grammar, others on manuscript variaalso, probably, incorrect renderings, in tions. We may mention here one case,

many important passages of Scripture. which is neither the one nor the other.

This is one matter which largely enIn the xxist Chapter of John's Gospel gages the attention of textual critics of occurs the striking colloquy between the Bible. Christ and St. Peter, in which the SaThe proper vowelpointing of a vior three times asks the question,

1086 IMI'K< >VKMKNT I-.KA

"Loves! thou.no,"and throe times rethai the several abbreviated derlv.

celvee the answer, "Thou knowest thHt atlves or th<- name n r God (Jah, Je, etc.)

i love thee."The entire point of the are mosi rea Illy d*rlv< 6 from this form

dialogue is lest, however, In the ESngof thi word. However, the name ii

lisii translation, in the original Oreeh i"t a perfectly clear derivative from there is r sharp contrast between two either of the verbs meaning "to be,"verba having tie general moaning, "to etc Pom h ive held that this propo e I love."Thus, Christ usee the word vat ion rests on appearances, mere-

\';\r\o, monnitii,'"I love, t run dely, like the English words, "God"and

voted to"- this is tlio word giving the "good,"whose affinity is not perfectly noun translated "charity"In the xiiith establishe I of I Corinthians—whereas Peter perSome authorities have proposed the

sists in using the word PIITLEO. moanspolliie-s. TAHe-OH or TAHe-UH,

Ing "I love, t am friendly to,"which is, as neer'y as the Hebrew letters may in New Testament usage 8 much be rr presented in English—the lower

w taker word. On the first two occacase "o"in both these words. represions, Christ uses the first of these senting a Hebrew "semivowel."which

wrds. the second tim". evidently in should be uttered somewhat after the

way of insistence, after nn unanswered man;fr of the i\a\o, Tilled bv mUSlclans

question; but, on the third occasion "appoglatura,"or "gracenote,"that is

he uses the second, thus Implying a Uttered nuicklv. suddenly, almost imdoubt as to Peter's "friendship,"which perceptibly. Thus, in pronunciation.

1 might have been reasonable, jn view of the-"words would he very nearlv his three denials before the crucifixion. TAKOH or YAHnOH. Except for

Tt is said therefore that "Peter the fact that Yodh is rendered by "J"was grieved because he said unto instead of by "y,"such pronunciation him the third time Lovest thou Care accords nerfectly with that indicated you a friend to) me."and this because bv Smith, although no rvidently inof the word used and not because pf tends to account for the final "h"by an

the three repetitions of the question. extra syllable, "eh,"in which the "e"

Thus, we lose a fine and striking pasoossibly should have th sound as in sage, because of the carelessness and "get.""wet."etc. Tt is possible, also.

defective imagination of the original to held that the form=, "Jeho-wah,"translators. The passage is not oorand "Jaboweb"—if, indeed, the latter

rectlv rendered Revisers. by the form be changed is authoritative—may These together examples, with hunto uad "Joh-o-ah"and "Jah-o-eh."

dreds of others, justify the article, "We respectively, in accordar.ee with the

believe that the Bible is the word of rule that the feeble "vowel letters."so far God. as it is correctlv trans- ("y") abYod and ("w") may be waw lated."this Tn point. Smith and sorbed into the corresponding vowel

scholarship are in accord. sounds, "e"or "i,"in the first, and

Pelurning now to the criticisms on "u"or "o,"in the second, when such

Hebrew transliterations, we find that in "vowel letter"is both preceded and thp matter of the Hebrew name for followed by a full vowel: ound. Thus,

Cod an interesting special situation "Jahoh-oh,"was an indicator of a exists, caused has which a grave is suspossible of sound the word YHWH picion in learned that the tradiminds not such break,"a "bad after all. That

tional pronunciation "Jehovah"is not "no modern scholar would transliterthe one used in primitive times. This ate"it in this manner is not fatal.

suspicion is founded on the tradition "Modern scholars,"like their ancient that the Jews, on the basis of a rigid and mediaeval prototype?, have reachinterpretation of the third commanded no finalities, particularly in the

ment, held that this name should never study of some of the ancient lanlips. uttered be Consequentby human > guages. ly, in it occurred the text, wherever

it was always read "Adonai,"which One valuable assistantjjin the study means "Lord."According to this tradiof ancient languages is flHe "testimony

tion, also, it has been held that the of antiquity."One forrdBof such tesvowel points of the word for "Lord"timony, as found in Greek manuscripts,

were substituted for those proper to at least, has afforded a fairly good the word for "God."Hence, there has clue to the pronunciation of the ancient

been some uncertainty as to what were Greek. Thus, knowing that the anthe proper vowel sounds, hence what cient scribes commonly worked in is the true pronunciation for the name either one or two ways—copying from

of God. Hebraists at the present day an original before the eyes, or taking

prefer the spelling "Yahweh."on the down the dictation of a reader—we

general grounds that such form best know that two familiar sources of error accords with the assumed authoritalie in (1) words that "look alike"and tive derivation from the verb meaning (2) words that "sound alike."In the

"to be,"etc.. (this is hayah or hawah), first case, we know that a word makTRUTH SEEKING 1087

in? bad sense in a given context has th justification of the latter is not

been substituted as the result of either complete. This may be answered in

: (1) that, after theone of the two orders of error noted two distinct ways

above. Those errors, otherwise incomwaw ("w") has been assimilated to

prehensible, are, therefore explainable "O,"thfeie mav be a difference of opinon the theory of their similarity in ion as to whether it should be comsound to the evidently appropriate bined direct with the final "h,"or Pe accounted final should that whetler manuscripts. in other foundwords

syllable, as alshort "testiextra different, for by an although Another, monv of antiquity"relates to this very ready indicated—as to whether, in to is properly short, this name YHWH and furnishes word YHWH,Hebrew in or in two syllables of probe pronounced with a methodthe investigator

nunciation that claims a certain measthree: (2) that, on the supposition that

ure of authority. It is thus explained this final should be accounted for by

bv Gesenius (Lexicon, Robinson's a distinct syllable, and net combined 8th Ed., in loc. JHVH): with the "o,"it would not be appreGreek writing. The it in Greek as ciable regard interpreters "Many Gesenius, mentioned by transliteration to. appealing. justly OH),(YAH.

is only the Omega), writAlpha (Iota ancient IAO several oftbr> authoritv of the two in which either of the combination the God that relateers, who be readily could the form;-- just discussed [note, IAO, called wasHebrews letter Chi Greek text] The represented. the in here used letters areGreek the represent properly not could Macrobius, ("ch") 1. 54; Siculuse g Diodorus be- ("h"), quiescent final He Alexandria, Hebrew of 1. 18; ClementSat. the of correspondent the this properly ing To 666, Oxon. p....Stromata, above the In ("ch"). Cheth form is Hebrew the same that be added,may Greek the Gesenius on from quotation of God the name asconspicuous

the gems of the Egyptian Gnostics; form is evidently transferred to HeIrenatus, Adversus Haeres., 1. 34; Belbrew letters.

lerm&n, ueber die Gemmen der Alten Such approximations of probabilities, will become reachad, have I. II."may as we Abraxasbilde,mit dem following. the in that, evident perfectly (1) here: notable are things Two fair, we being of desire is the with Solely there antiquity, of authority theon thatfact, tne to attention call pronouncing must for evidenceresectable of transliterations Smith's or although IAO, least, as at partially name,this deare discussion in words two the was name the that (2)better, YA-O; was, he grounds, certain at fensible on part, in pronounced, so actually immediately more concerned evidently, the about Egyptians certainleast, by he as sounds, the representing in shortly and Era, Christian of thetime than words, of these them, understood gems, whose Gnostics, Thethcoafter

etc., are mentioned by Gesenius, reprein giving any real or assured equivsented, so far as we have definite and alents of the Hebrew letters. This

reliable testimony concerning them, an is shown in his rendering of the word eclectic theosophic sect, which, like tne Kokabim by Kokaubeam. As any final syllable, the knows, Hebraist other hereticseveral andManicheans, the indicates no sense with "beam,"in combined times, al cults of the

certain terms, introduced with ChrisHebrew spelling, although giving a tianity, considerable of the lore and good representation of the sound. In

philosophy of the heathen orient. Unprecisely similar fashion, we may asdoubiedlv, many of their teachings, sert that his "Jahoh-eh"also reprealso of their words and terms, were sents his idea of the proper pronunderived from antiquity. Since they ciation of the word, rather than its

flourished in Egypt, it is not inadmistransliteration—the presence of the exsable to assume that their pronunciatra "h"in "oh"would indicate this; present only to lengthtion of the divine name YHWH was it is evidently

taken from that of Egyptians of reen the sound of the "o,"as in our moter periods. Nor is there distinct English interjection. Then substitutevidence to limit this remoteness in ing "y"for "j"—not from partiality

time. I see no insistent reason, thereto Mr. Smith, but because it is more fore, for rejecting the statement, correct—and pronouncing this word,

"called by the Egyptians Yahoh-.eh"as a word, not as a series

(after we have, for sake of better corof three sounds (e. g., a,

rectness, substituted "y"for "j"), and b, c, or 1, 2, 3). we have a very

ignoring the criticism that this "is not close approximation of "Yaoway,"an Egyptian word,"which no one has which is so nearly the pronunciation assorted. for the accredited "Yahweh,"as given,

It may be very justly objected, howviva voce, by Hebraists, (the "e"beever, that the rendering mentioned by ing given as in European languages,

Gesenius, as above noted, gives YA-O, like the English long "a"in "fate,"and not YA-O-EH, and that, therefore. "gate,"etc.) that it is needless to

loss IMI'Ri >VEMENT EB \

quibble over the difference. In sj>it'i.Mil'- iity and i Ight,"we

of tinfact, therefore, that Smith's may conclude that the "testimony"of rendering haw been condemned aa "far two scholars, backed a I <>. by the

from accura ti."he Is, evidently, In membership of the Oriental Club, is

very good accord with hoth Atitiquit? oi nearly equal force. One encounters

and modem learning. The principal grave difficulties, in one point, bowdifference between them is whether ever, i hould like to be enlightened.

th'nv.mw remains consonant, or la Although, as I rememl of the

assimilated t<> "o."critics of Spalding's pamphlet, finding

A large pnrt of the further assumed the remark <>t Doctor Bayce -"Maat attacks and dlscredltlngs of smith's leading the Pharaoh befOTi iris"interpretations partake of the nature asks, Innocently, "what Pharaoh?"and

erllla warfare. Thus Doctor von is censured for "cavilling,"i win risk

Fussing throws out a remark in his the same rebuke by asking "which iottr for the pamphlet, which rather book."Doctor Peters would confer

suggests that ho is something of a an immense favor by giving the title humorist. He says: "Jos. Smith and the date of publication of that

certainly... never do"ipliere<l 1 ierwork of Athanasius Kirs her, which

oglyphio texts nt all. He probably had a "wide circulation,""appealed

used Athanasius Klrscher the Jesuit's immensely to the half educated and work, and there found a method of uneducated,"discredited the Interprereading the oil Egyptian siems very tation of Egyptian hieroglyphics "for much like his own."a good while,"and "repelled the betThe humor of the Do?tor's remark ter educated."It might seem, on his

seems to appeal strongly, for we find terms, that the "crediting"of hieroth< Revef nd Dr. Peters taking it up, glyphic interpretation was the result

and enlarging It greatly. Relating, In ol popular vote in some sense

his genial letter included in the As a matter of fact, Kirscher's theoBishop's Reply to Doctor Wldtsoe, how ries embarrassed the final work of dethat at a meeting of the Oriental Club ciphering Egyptian hieroglyphics to he had shown the Spalding pamphlet just about the same extent that the to those present—and they were "very itinerary of Ulysses, as set forth in

much interested"—he proceeds, as folHomer's "Odyssey,"would confuse the

lows: "Von Passing's suggestion, compiler of a "Guide Book to the Mecontained on the last page of the pamditerranean,"at the present day. On

phlet, that Smith probably "used Athathe other hand, if, as the Doctor asnasius Kirschor the Jesuit's work"on serts, any book of his "repelled the

Egyptian, approved itself to those better educated,"the "repulsion"present. Indeed it was suggested by came by some sort of "longdistance

hem before T had come to that pastransmission"in the Doctor's case. In

sage. Kirscher's work was not a making the statements above quoted,

whit more foolish or Improbable than Doctor Peters shows conclusively that

Smith's work. Tt was precisely behe has the vaguest possible idea of

cause it was of such a character that, the identity, period, significance, and for n Erood while, th interpretation of work of Kirscher, also that, if he ever

Egyptian hieroglyphics was discredsaw or read any book of his, it has ited. His book had a wide circulamade no deep impression on his mind.

tion. Tt appealed immensely to half I am very sorry that Doctors Von Biseducated and uneducated people and sing and Peters, and the members of

repelled th better educated."Th"the Oriental Club, have made such a

Doctor evidently.?o<->s to so preat suggestion as this about "Kirscher's

length in describing Kirshner's work wi irk."Tt sounds very like an off-

(or "bonk") as a fitting introduction band and illconsidered remark, and re his grand climax: "The suggestion rather shakes one's faith in the suffrom that is that Smith, just as honficiency and accuracy of their other

estly as Kirschor. believed that he had findings.

found a clue and was a real deciphAthanasius Kirschor. a Jesuit priest,

erer: that, in other words, he was not who lived in the seventeenth century,

a nure fraud, but an ignorant, vain, and was one of the most learned men se'f-delnde-l man. who imagined he of his day, wrote over thirty books

knew what he did not know."treating of a wide range of subjects,

T'nder the Doctor's elnraoterization. including mathematics and physh s.

Mr. Smith was certainly in a larere and linguistics and travel. Judging from

representative comoany, Including the quotations in several of his works, many of the people, whose names he was "at home"in a dozen lanshine in history, also, quite a few guages, including Arabic, Syriac, He- "scholars."Apparentlv. the Doctor brew, Greek and Latin. He wrote

has "traced error to its foul nest."a book on China, with notes by the

Tf. as Mercer remarks, "the unanimway on India, Tibet and Japan, that

ous testimony of eight scholars is the reveals an active and acquisitive

TRUTH SEEKING 1089

mind and, within the inevitable limimost cases is no reflection on his intations of his day. also a faithful obtelligence; h e was. in his day, before

server. In this latter book he inthe Rosetta Stone had been discovcludes an analysis of the Sanscrit ered and deciphered, in precisely the

writing (Nagari), which shows but same position, as regards Egyptian of the learned the as are inscriptions, mytholthe discusses defects, andfew inscripthe Maya discussing in present counother of the India, of andogy America. Central and tions of Yucatan a manner, in himtries by reached shortcomings inevitable the of spite In He exhaustive. intelligent andboth Kirscher methods, and his of work origin of the also, theory apropounds, study the of relevancy the recognized signs, written Chinese the of useand of Anunderstanding to the of Coptic unscientific, if even brilliant, iswhich inaccordingly, and, Egyptian, cient presthe of findings the toaccording an Coptus"his "Prodromus in cludes of one in no Furthermore, day.ent lanformer of the lexicon elaborate distinct any make he doeshis books guage. educated "half the to appeal toeffort lengthy rather this included I have would people Such uneducated."and his and Kirscher of Father discussion running at annoyed much verybe the comdemonstrate to merely work distributplenteously his of someupon aforethe futility of idleness and plete Syriac, in Hebrew, quotations hised involving criticisms mentioned lan- "outrageous"other andArabic, Bissing If, von as "book."and name His page. other. every. about atguages "used Smith suppose, Peters and to near as about just come himbooks credit they Jesuit's work,"the of the Book does as science""popular exhaustive and good very a with

to a novel. a reallyMormon of Latin, also with knowledge to his other works, all preIn addition which scholarly discrimination,

discouragingly learned and brilliant, vented him from following "his mashe wrote and published, not one, ter"in the latter's more unscientific merely, but no less than six distinct and indefensible hypotheses. So

books dealing with the language and Smith knew "some Hebrew"and a hieroglyphics of the ancient Egypgreat deal of Latin, yet these facts, tians. All these books were written vigorously asserted or suggested, miliin the crabbed, mediaeval Latin of his tate against the notion that he could

contemporary scholars, and none of possibly have read any Egyptian texts.

them, so far as I have been able to Whatever Smith may have known, or discover, has ever been translated into may not have known, about languages,

English. In order, however, that or other matters, it is quite clear that

Doctor Peters may indicate the there are very many people who know one that appealed especially to little or nothing about Smith.

the "uneducated,"I will include Although, as an interested investitheir titles and dates, as folgator of matters religious, sociological disthis entered I first linguistic. Coptus"(Rome, and "Prodromus lows: disof intention sole restiwith the cussion "Lingua Aegyptiaca 1636); to real facts, the stating "Obeliscu? and covering 1643); (Rome, tuta"I must ability, humble Agonal) the best of foro in my Pamphilius number large the at surprise confess "Oedipus 1650); (Rome, Erectus"of balance the in which occasions of "Obe1652-54); (Rome, Aegyptiacus"Joseph of side the. is on. Interpretatio evidence lisci Aegyptiaci.

hieroglyphica; novo methodo tradita"Smith also, at the futility of a large made arguments the of Mystagoga"number "Sphinx 1666); (Rome, Since character. and claims his credited is against also 1674). He (Amsterdam pamphSpalding this of title, opening "Ars the tne bearing another wi<:h for him respect investigation, let my hieroglyphica"Aegyptiorum Veterum auggreatly has teachings his old of Egypthe and art (hieroglyphic but doubt no can be There to unable mented. I been have tians) which re- a to occupy is destined in library he lists, or what published find on rehistoric position among date. spected no consequently, collections: sociand moral and teachers ligious Egyptian the that believed Kirscher seem It would innovators. "picture ological represented hieroglyphics a riddle, already become that he has and not combinations writing"merely,

of soundequivalents, ideograms, etc. which is not readily to be solved, even else may be Whatever learned. preof by the theorists other several Like to him, I am determined, about said com- a bold times, scientific he made ability, to see that he parison with the Chinese method of the best of my

writing to a great extent, apparently, gets fair and candid treatment. Treatidentifying the two. As a Churchman, ments of other varieties have already

case. The preshis overdone in conbeen ideas numerous also, h e imported exconspicuous is no ent controversy religion"of the "mysteries cerning

into his attempted interpretations. ception.

That he evidently guessed wrong in The learned participants in the pres109(1 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Egyptian In Palestine Dy even used the much very follow,nt controversy is also, This, a matter. a- governors."baa.f aa procedure linesS;, IM( at to pans.- not need dJSCUSS Which we ae by unleaj followedray been I have ho far as one, since no assumeI Thoy is,"in general. of the original seen the has beard, or eaid been not has thaivery much in question, to Inform order In argue to proceed then and,claimed it in written to whether as was us in numeroua the Thue, Bt 'it. hieroglyphic, Baby] Egyptian late apparent the on based n-pumenls or script, CO other or cuneiform, some three the on figures the ofperiod It to whether was as an original judge altoAbraham, of Book of theplatea us to translation, or how or show a the on said been has too muchgether of "degenerate scribes far a and the that Abraham claim a ofassumption civilization"in Egyptian debased age that even or plates, theseoriginated botched and the drawings altered had original the be consideredthey may remains inscriptions. fact the The copies first in the Includeddrawings interto attempt no that Smith made work. ancient We,,f assumed this plates. these on pret the inscriptions of a say reasonablymight aa of that the text even hold might r< We "These novels: Pickens'ofedition

books cannot be by Dickens, because the book really was in cuneiform, are illustrated with halftone and that these drawings, with hieroplates made from drawings by a modglyphic inscriptions, had been supplied that the one other than by a hand halftone were no there artist, andern that supposition on the it. Even would wrote time."Mickens'in Weplates

be mistaken, of course, in such a Smith really found the key to the criticism; the whole point of the mattranslation of an ancient document, that guarantee no knew have he in we illustrations the whetherinbeing or its letters of origin definitely the illustrate Dickin and belongquestion intellifairly of its language. Many they belong or whether novels,ens'

with stories by Scott, Zola or Beacons, gent people of the present day cannot field. In the same way, the sole questell Hebrew from Sanscrit, nor Cuneiform from Chinese. The illegible intion before us in the present case is

as to whether Smith's descriptions and scriptions, which he did not pretend interpretations may be justified by any to translate furnish no clue to the respectable line of argument. The character of the text which he did proquestion nf the date is quite secondary, fess to translate. Hence we are, at

as suggested above. the end of the discussion, precisely

Thus if any of the critics can where we were before we began talkclearlv 'indicate an Egyptian drawing ing.

like Plate 1. which shows the same There seems little necessity of addagitated pose of the reclining figure, ing more to demonstrate the fact that

and the "priest"without the Anubis all the "experts"consulted by Bishop head, that would be of real value. I Spalding have actually established in

know of no such drawing, and be- a scholarly and scientific form little or lieve that such cannot be produced. nothing against Smith's proposed exTn regard to the second plate, the planations of these plates. That

hypocepbalus. i have seen positively they have established the fact

no statement of a claim that Abraham that, in the words of one of their originated it; but, as I believe, I made number, "Smith has misinterpreted the

fairly good approximations to demonsignification of every one figure,"is an

I shown thattratlng that Smith's interpretations absurdity. Not only have

hovered somewhere in the neighborhe made some good approxihood of truth, and that, on the testimations to the meanings of mony of nn smaller scholars than several of the figures, at least,

Petrie. Budge and Lythgoe. What especially on the "hypocephalus"

may have been its real origin I did not and that on the authority of recognized attempt to determine, partly because I writers on matters Egyptian, but I coul 1 find no perfectly conclusive data have shown also that the adverse critinn the subject; partly because T concisms were made in a spirit far from

sidered that the discussion should deal that in which one could reasonably exsolely with Smith's interpretations. pect to discover the truth of anything

Tn another point, also, our scholarly on earth. I can not understand, therecritics are somewhat afflicted with a fore, how that Bishop Spalding can

misapprehension, and this is in the continue to assume that he has disstatement made by both Doctor Merproved all of Smith's findings in concer and Doctor Barton, to the effect nection with these plates, nor do I tbat. as the latter puts it: "Had this understand how such an assumption

been a genuine Book of Abraham, it comports with his assumed character of would not have been written in Egypan "honest searcher after truth."Whattian characters at all, but in Babyever he may think, or say, on the matlonian cuneiform. That was the lanter is of small consequence, however,

guage and script of Abraham's native besides the fact that he allows editors land, and was the method et writing of his own and other bodies to assume

TRUTH SEEKING 1091

the truth of such statements as are the deliverances of people, who are made in the editorial enclosed herewith. reputedly competent "scholars."His atIn his reply to Doctor Widtsoe the titude seems t- be that of the late CarBishop reveals his attitude, as follows: dinal Newman, who, when his unbe-

"I must say that to my admittedly unlieving brother Francis proposed that scientific mind the judgment of eight they assume some selfevident basis of witnesses seems sufficient to establish fact for a discussion of their differthe meaning of the Egyptian text.... ences, said: "What is the matter with

If I found a plant which I qould not the infallibility of the Pope?"

classify, or a mineral I could not name, If this is the Bishop's attitude there and eight scientists in eight universities is nothing to be said in criticism. An

independently agreed as to the plant "admittedly unscientific mind"must ind mineral, I should feel that I need needs "lean."Would he, however, fol-

. nquire no further."low the deliverances of "scholarship"

Anyone having the remotest idea of and learning into all bypaths blazed 'he conditions and qualifications of an by special investigation? In other words

adequate scientific judgment knows are specialists in other departments as perfectly well that the Bishop's asdependable as are those in Egyptology?

sumption is very ill taken. In the If he has eleven voices against the Book

case of a mineral, at least, there are of Abraham, and hence concludes that very many cases in which an exhaushe "breaks neckand-neck,"as against tive analysis might reverse an opinthe eleven witnesses for the Book 01ion based on superficial resemblances. Mormon—and he will do better next

There are some instances in which the time—does he consider that the numexact nature and identity of a given ber and unanmity of the witnesses esspecimen of mineral may not be fixed, tablishes every point in every dispute?

without photometric tests to determine Would he repeat the same profession its "axis of refraction,"and other phyof faith if, instead of "hitting a body sical and chemical qualities, which are blow to "Mormonism,"as he assumes, nature's hieroglyphic equivalents for the deliverances of "scholarship"disits precise description. The whole basis credited some of the fundamental beof an adequate judgment, in any field of liefs of his own body? If this is his

.scientific inquiry, is the exhaustiveness attitude toward learning, what effect

of the analysis. We have seen nothshould follow from the fact that the

ing of the kind in the opinion of th Roman church authorities, after an in- 'rpalding experts, nor any attempt to vestigation, which seems to have been justify their sweeping statements by honestly made, announce unqualifiedly a single reference to a recognized textthat the Church of England has no book or document bearing on the matright or claim to the "Apostolic Succester in hand. In default of these data, sion?"What effect should follow from

It may be asserted that their judgthe same denial of the reality or sigments are not perfectly scientific, nificance of this valued Episcopal behence, not perfectly reliable. lief, made by the entire body of

I suppose, Mr. Editor, that there are Protestant scholarship? If the deliverstill people in this world who would ances of scholars are to be ignored

not believe, "though one rose from the sometimes, why are they so very infalldead,"but I am truly astonished at ible at others? This is a fair question

the high "horsepower"it requires to for an "honest searcher after truth."

dislodge from the minds of the Bishop There are only two consistent courses and his witnesses the notion that they left open to the Bishop. The first is to

have been concerned, to the minutest acknowledge frankly and honestly that extent, with establishing "the meaning he has not made his case. The second

of the Egyptian text."I have seen no is to pursue his investigations "to the

"text"under discussion and in this "conbitter end."If he takes the latter

troversy,"except a few hieroglyphic course, I shall be justly delighted to lines, which no one has attempted to meet him on every Semitic and Egyptranslate. Furthermore, if he is contian point he may try to make. If he

cerned with the analysis of such a text, chooses the former, everyone will acwhy does he persist in consulting perknowledge that he has made good, at sons who are not qualified Egyptololeast, on. his profession as an "honest

gists? Doctors Peters and Barton are searcher after truth."I have seen the

selfconfessed Semitists, whose Egypquery propounaed in several periodicals, tological knowledge consists largely in "What will be the effect on the 'Morhistorical information. The theory of mons,'now that the world's greatest

summoning these Semitists is probably scholars have spoken?"I can only anthat, as they "know one foreign lanswer: If they speak no better than

guage already,"they are competent in some of them have so far spoken, they foreign languages in general. "could not possibly expect,"as one of

But, the climax of the Bishop's arguour friends would say, "to get more ment is characterized by the same than zero."

charming and "unquestioning faith"in ROBERT C. WEBB.

Joseph Smith, Jr., as a Translator

A Further Discussion of Bishop F. S. Spalding's Pamphlet

l'.V ISA \( IU'S.sKI.1.

THE average reader of this piece Episcopal clergymen in New York. The

shoull bo instructed tc set out on assertion of Dr. Poters was that JoIF B search for the oldest portrait seph Smith's translations from Egypin thj world of a Jew I wonder tian papyri roll display< (d cm "amusif he would be temptsd, supposing he ing ignorance"because "Chaldeans and

had gaioed his impressions from Egyptians are hopelessly mixed up alBishop Spalding's pamphlet on the though as cifcsimilar and remote in "Book of Abraham,"'to make his language, rehgion and locality as are search through the tombs ol the Egyptoday American and Chinese."

tian pharaobs? The reason for bringing in Dr. PeAnd if tuo same reader, again, ters just hore is that in a v-olume by

should be instructed to set out on a Flinders Petrie, another of Bishop Spalsearch for the earliest reference in any ding's jurymen, I have just been readliterature of the world to the Holy ing the narrative of a king of Chaldea

City of tho Jews—Jerusalem—would who was also at the same time the

he, having read Bishop Spalding's pharaoh of Egypt, and this long bepamphlet, turn hopefully to the literafore Abraham's time. Not only did

ture of Egypt as a reasonable place Petrie tell of this Chaldean who was to expect lo make such a find? Egypt's pharaoh, but he told of at

I have before me a3 I wr;te the bit least threo other Chaldeans who had

of poetic (kscription in which the ear- s-i served in Egypt!

liest reference in the world to Jeru- I have already referred to Dr. Sayce

salem is made. It is in Egyptian hierand the view he gives of the period,

oglyphics; and what is still more isgpreceding the visit to Egypt by Abranificant. the Egyptian who wrote the ham, in which Chaldea was a province

piece wrote of his joy on getting to cf Palestine, this period being followed

Jerusalem because he round there peoby another era in which Palestine was plewho could speak his own Egyptian a province of Egypt, so that Challanguage and people who had known deans came freely into Egypt and the him in his own home on the banks of Chaldean culture and many Chaldean the Nile! words came with them.

There is also on my desk as 1 Petrie, by dealing extensively with write the earliest known portrait of both of these periods gives us a pic- a Jew. It is of a Semite who lived ture of the sources of Egyptian cul-

a thousand years before Abraham and ture which leaves not the remotest yet he wore a coat of many colors and credence to any assertion that the carried a waterskin on his back and Chaldeans were a remote people from a shepherd's musical instrument in his the Egyptians or that Abraham's rehand. And the portrait was made of ligion was strange and remote from

him upon his arrival in Egypt over contact with the Egyptians.

the same pathway Abraham took. You can measure the geography of

Before beginning to discuss these the situation with a single glance at two documents that iiave come down any school map. A pencil held to the

to us from the very cradledays of scale will show that it was only 300 history, I want first to call attention miles from Thebes, the capital of the again, as I have done in previous arEgyptians, to Jerusalem, the capital ticles, to ihe assertion of Dr. James of Palestine, and only 500 miles from

H. Breasted of the University of ChiJerusalem to Babylon and Ur, the chief

cago to -he effect that the Egyptians cities of the Chaldeans.

"knew nothing of Abraham's God or You have then, in considering the

Abraham's religion."And I wish also fusing of Abraham's people and the

to recall the still more remarkable asChaldeans and Egyptians—which withsertion of Dr. John Peters, who signed out the slightest doubt went on conhimself while serving on Bishop Spaltinuously for a period of over 1,000

ding's jury a.", from the "University of years—to deal with an area only 800

Pennsylvania."whereas as a matter of miles in width—less than the distance

fact he had been for many years an lrom Salt Lake to Omaha with traffic

From the Deseret News July 19, 1913.

JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR 1093

conditions very similar to those exchronology of the visit of the Children isting in the pioneering and prerail- of Israel to Egypt:

road days of the west. Abraham came into Canaan

Flinders Petrie tells the story with from the Chaldean city of a great wealth of detail. To deal with Ur, the place of his birth 2110 B. C.

it merely in headlines, we find that in The Israelites entered Egypt.. 1650 B. C.

the third millennium B. C. the people The exodus 1220 B. C.

of Chaldea began to stir themselves. In The oppression commenced...1580 B. C.

successive waves of migration they I have already pointed out that the swept through the fertile Euphrates end of the Hyksos rule and the beginvalley from their chief city of Ur. After ning of a native Egyptian rule was in

overflowing the Euphrates district they 1580 B. C. That date also, as you can

moved in successive migrations down readily see from the aboA'e table, was a the pastoral plains at the back of date at which the biblical narrative and

Syria. They reached and populated the evidences of the Egyptian monusimultaneously the island of Cyprus, ments fuse and make mutually corrobthe Mediterranean shores, and the land orative history. It was the date when

of Egypt,—and this long before Abraone Egyptian dynasty closed and a

ham. For a time the kings of Babypharaoh came to the throne who "knew

lon in this period ruled also in Egypt, not Joseph,"or any of his Asiatic kind'.

and the Children of Israel's invasion The great Empire of the Egyptians of Egypt was merely the final and trilasted from 1580 B. C. to 945 B.C.—

umphant expression of this migratory date just 30 years beyond the time movement. The end of the migrations when the Children of Israel, after wancame, as Flinders Petrie points out in dering under Moses and Joshua and

the rise of the pharaoh "who knew not adopting the monotheistic worship

Joseph."Petrie does not depend upon which Moses taught to them, undertook

any biblical learning to make this fact the erection of the Temple of Solomon.

clear. He bases the conclusion entirely In these mere glimpses at the literaupon the evidences of the Egyptian ture of ancient Egypt in its relationship

monuments and Egyptian literature, to the "Book of Abraham"controversy independent of the Bible. And indeed there is not space to develop the deany writer upon Egypt will tell you tails, but here are some of the chaphow the native princes of Egypt, who ter headings in which Flinders Petrie

for long centuries were in subjection to discusses the mutual relations of two the Hyksos, or shepherd invaders from people who according to good Dr. PeAsia, finally rose in their wrath s ters were as remote as Americans and

cast them out. And how, after castChinese and who according to Breasted

ing them out, the Egyptians pursued knew nothing of each other's religion.

them all the way to Palestine and The volume by Petrie was published

Babylon, and ruled the world through onlv two years ago, and it therefore has to the Euphrates, thus exactly reversthe"advantage of great authority due to ing the situation of the earlier cenits very recent date as well as to the turies in which the people of the Eufact that it is from the pen of one of phrates had ruled clear through to the greatest of the archaeologists at

Egypt. The Children of Israel swinging work in Egypt. The volume is entitled

into Egypt at the crest of the wave "Egypt and Israel."

merely remained till the ebb set in I wish I could give more than the and so were persecuted. chapter headings but they will suggest data some of the interested of period empire was anvone the to Now this this up through following enjoyed. ever period The greatest to Egypt be had

world as then known to the Egyptians theme: m was looted to enrich the temples at The Babylonian Kings of Egypt

Thebes, which in that period were built The Egyptians and Semites Mixed.

or greatly expanded and enlarged. ArtIsrael not All in Egypt.

ists from all the territory of the emAbram, the Shepherd Prince. Judih. and Links of Egypt Familv to beautify called Thebes to pire were Egypt. in party Babylonianizing the of pharThe palaces the the cities and

aohs. And towards the end the ChilThe New Jerusalem in Egypt. Egpt. in Triumphant to build Israel forced Israel were dren of the Great Slab on of Israel The Name Egyptian for cities the native more

kings. (An Egyptian monument.)

From these usual accounts of EgyptNow, while we who had not hereian history you find that this reversetofore pried much into Egyptian hismovement in migrations out of Egypt torv had been considering Abraham started in the year 15S0 B.C.—the year to be a sort of father of our history

in which Prince Ahmes I of Thebes the Egvptinn perspective shows us drove the Shepherd Kings out of Egypt that he came to Egypt at the close history of Egyptian fifth age the of Palestine. into pursued them and only there were after him that and this table of the I take Petrie From

1094 IMPRDVKMENT ERA

at the command and by the asthree ages to follow—the empire, and

ushered In while his people were still sistance of <;oi he came and lived In

there and bringing with it the oppresthe land of Canaan. And when he

sion; the Greek conquest and reigns; was there settled he bulll an altar

and the Arabian conquest which and performed a sacrifice to God.

'brought a final end to all of Egypt's "Beroeua mentions our father glory. without knowing him when lie iayl

Before Abraham then had been thus: 'in the tenth generation after

that period In which the pyramids th"flood there was among the Chalarose, became ancient, an I were fordeans a man righteous anil great; an'l

gotten, as to their meaning and resK-iifui in ace.'

ligions'significance. Also the Egypt- "Now after this, when a famine had

ians had passed through the period Invaded the land of Canaan, and of worshiping a god in each district, Ahram had discovered that the Egypand had worked towards a monotians were in a flourishing condition theistic idea with the attributes of all he was disposed to C o down to them their gods concentrated In a single both to partake of the plenty thev ench'cf god. Joyed. AUDITO BECOME AND AN In considerthen, realize must We PRTESTS. TO TOR OF THEIR AND situation this himthat Abrahaming SAID CONself was not monotheistic in his earKNOW WHAT THEYliest career and that the Semite tribes CERNING THE GODS: DESIGNINGto which he belonged were not entireEITHER TO FOLLOW THEM TEly monotheistic up to his time. In THEY HAD A BETTER NOTTONhim then we have the father of the TH \N HE. OR TO CONVERT THEMidea of monotheistic worship In all TO A BETTER WAY IF HIS OWN

TRUEST. PROVED THE auNOTIONS to trust an we arethe world—If EGYPTHE "FOR WHEREAS constantlythority urges who Petrieupon lis as worthy of great belief. TIANS WERE FORMERLY ADDICT- t refer to.Tosephus, the historian of ED TO DIFFERENT CUSTOMS AND

the Jews. Breasted and Peters T susDESPISED ONE ANOTHER'S SApect would not want to go on record CRED AND ACCUSTOMED RTTES

as repudiating Josephus any more AND WERE VERY ANGRY ONE!

than tbev would care to sanction WITH ANOTHER ON THAT ACJoseph Smith. "Let us see then what COUNT, ABRAM CONFERRED

Josephus tells us about Abraham In WTTH EACH OF THEM, AND CONBfirypt. His story of the life of AbFUTING THE REASONINGS THEY

raham was one T hardly expected to MADE USE OF, EVERY ONE FOR encounter after reading the views of THEIR OWN PRACTISES HE DEMthe Spalding jurymen. Here is the ONSTRATED THAT SUCH REASON*

Josphns storv that 'Petrie fipdc so INGS WERE VAIN AND VOID OF well verified by the Egyptian monuTRUTH. WHEREUPON HE WAS

ments that he goes out of his way ADMIRED BY THEM IN THOSE especially to commend It: CONFERENCES AS A VERY WISE

T quote from the seventh chapter MAN, AND ONE OF GREAT SAof Josephus: GACITY, when he discoursed on any

"Abraham wis a person of great subject he understood: and this not

sagacity both for understanding all only in understanding it but in perthings and persuading his bearers and suading other men also to assent to pot mistaken in his opinions: FOR him. HE COMMUNICATED TO THEMWHTOH RFASON HE BEGAN1 TO ARITHMETIC AND DELIVERED TO OF VTRWAVE NOTIONS HTHOER ASTRONSCIENCE OF THE THEMTTT-R! OTHERS THAN WAD *ND HE before came Abram OMY, forDETERMINED TO CHANGE AND Egypt thry were unacquainted withint>> OPTNtONTO THF -RENEW ALL these parts of learning, THAT FOR TT \ PPTlNRn TO THEN HAVEMEN CHALSCIENCE FROTV: THE CAME EOT?roNTKRyTvr, GOD: hf WAS and INTO EGYPT DEANSTWE from FTRST TO VENTURED THAT to thence the Greeks also."T>TTPT,T9!H TWT<5 NOTION TWAT fascinating the One ofTWERE WAR BUT ONE OOD. THE ing a bit into Egyptian lorethingsis theof conpry-GREATOT? TTNTVERSE; OE THE in finding stant surprises meets one Ac? TWAT TWpAND to OTHER things the alive of are today how manynODc! OONTRTRTTTED TE THEY ancient in the into world brought the -prVRPTNESAMYTWTVn TO TWv

rule. of I passed, Egyptiann m-ht*J THAT EACH nv THEM millenniums for instance, day or a Broadway on TT nVTVWFORnEn ACCORDING

m tttcs a PPOTVTMKNT AND NOT two ago a young woman wearing is a forerunner of the newpv TTTFTr. OWN POWER a hat that it was a hat fashioner! "Vrtf wh1h doctrines. when the est vogue. Yet

Chaldeans and ether neonle of Mesoexactly aft;r a crown that graced the

netam'a raised n tumult asrainst him, head of many Egyptian famous queens.

v e thought fit to leave the country; It was the vulturecrown that the

JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR 1095

women of Egypt wore in Joseph's day crown of Egypt. An Egyptian waist

that is the women of royalty. Last cloth is wrapped about him. He is

winter the tableau drama "Joseph and shown presenting the 'sign of life'(an

His Brethren"was produced in New Egyptian symbol carried by almost all

York. The chief actress wore this vulrulers and gods and goddesses) to a

turecrown as part of a stage setting Babylonian who stands before him.

that faithfully reproduced a temple of Beyond the Mesopotamian is an Egypthe Thehan pharaohs when Joseph artian who holds a papyrus plant. The

rived as the Hebrew slave. And now king's name is enclosed in a cartouche

of course that "new style hat"has had and scattered hieroglyphics are around it should be exto become the vogue after the usual it."A cartouche,

manner of the rtartlingly new things plained is the device by which all that famous actresses wear in these Egyptian pharaohs inclosed their titles playgoing days! And so in this one in writing them down.

little minor matter we flash back our Petrie adds that on a well known styles over many millenniums! tablet now in Paris the name of this

Nor is that all one may observe of king is given as well as the name "Rathings around about us that we owe to nemant-nekha"and "the usual EgypEgypt. Who would have suspected tian titles."

that such a completely Jewish name "All this"he says "points to THE as Moses is not Jewish at all but pureBABYLONIAN HAVING COME INTO ly Egyptian. We write a typical EgypEGYPT WHEN THE COUNTRY WAS tian name, Amenhotep, and recognize STILE WELL ORDERED AND IT a pharaoh's title. Write it MoPOINTS TO HIS HAVING SERvr

uses and you get the Egyptian AS A REGULAR EGYPTIAN KING.

original which means "saved out of the Some scarabs of the king have been water."At least that is what Petrie found."It should be understood of

says it means! And this concerning course that scarabs were as typical of

the proclaimer of the ten commandEgypt as the green Tarper vase was ments and religion we know today as typical of Babylon!

sacred throughout Christendom and I mentioned having found the earliwhich Breasted and Peters would have est portrait of a Semite in the world.

us conclude was utterly aloof from It was from a carving on the tombs

Egyptian contact! at LeniHasan, an Egyptian monarch

If you had taken your Egyptian conor ruler of a province. Of this portrait

ceptions from the Spalding pamphlet it is in a series of portraits depicting would you expect, in looking through the arrival of a familv from Syria seekreproductions of famous temples built ing admission to Egypt, Petrie says:

by the Egyptians, to find a temple con- "Although the date is 1,000 jears betaining baptismal fonts—that is fonts fore Abraham this immigrant into

for ablutions after the exact manner Egypt was one of the same race and of the Jewish and the older Semitic probably led much the same life. The

ritual? And would you expect to enportrait therefore is invaluable as an

counter pictures of the ruins of a forhistoric type of the great Semitic intification built only 20 miles away from vasion of Egypt.

the chief center of Egyptian rule in "Haear was an Egyptian slavp and entirely the Chaldean style—a style of Ishmael. the son of Abram, was thereearth entrenchments for defense from fore half Egyptian. His mother chose

archery that the Egyptians never an Egyptian wife for him and therefore learned? the race that Ishmael founded was

Yet to quote from Petrie: "There thr->p-quarters Egyptian!

has fortunately been found 20 miles 'The ceremony of circumcision was north of Cairo a fortress that is compracticed in Egypt for 2,000 years bepletely unegyptian in character, alfore Abram performed the rite upon though it is completely similar to the Ishmael, the Egyptian Hagar's son!"

fortresses built during the Jewish age And later upon Isaac, thus founding in Syria."out of his Egyptian contact a permaPetrie goes on to explain that the nent and distinctive Hebrew custom!

SyroMesopotamian troops from the And concerning the temple for JewEuphrates valley first reached Egypt ish worship built by Egyptians Petrie as mercenaries and gradually grew in savs this: "The nature of the changes

strength through subsequent migraintroduced into the religion of the tions till they gained authority and Israelites by the Mosaic system has gave us the Hyksos dynasties of Pharbeen somewhat explained in the reaohs. "Fortunately,"he says, "we mains of a temple for Semitic worship

have preserved the name of one of the at Serabit al Khadem. Although conSyro-Mesopotamian intruders who rose structed by Egyptians who went there

to the Egyptian throne. His name apto mine for turquoise the character of

pears as Khendy on a cylinder of green the ritual was in each respect not jasper. On his head is the double Egyptian but adapted to the Semitic

1096 IMPROVEMENT ERA

nature. There were three tanks for had vital Influence upon the Hebrew

ablutions (which may still be seen In custom. Thousands of Egyptian figpictures of the ruins) and conical ures exist, It should be remembered in

stones which;irr even yet a feature which the goddess Isis stands with

of Syrian worship."wings outstretched behind the god

We have become familiar in the Booh Osiris and sometimes the wing tips of Abraham controversy with the quesmeet the wing tips of her sister godtion of the significance to be attached dess. Maat, standing on the other

to lotOfl flowers such as are shown at side of the god.

various places in the pictures from the Symbolically however the wings and

Book of Abraham. That matter can the goddesses too signified nothing but

well!>e cleared up as to general Egypthe protecting power of mercy and

tian usage. Petrle tells us that lotos truth, for which the goddess figures

flower? wore the emblem of royalty, stood as ideograms. AND THE HEand that that is all they signify. BREWS CARRIED THE CTJSTl >.M

Queens carried them in the festivals DOWN IN THEIR OWN REL.TGION

and a sprig of them in the hand signiEVEN TO THIS TTME AND TT fied that the person carrying them was SPREAD THROUGHOUT THE a royal person. WORLD; FOR HOW OFTEN IN

The significance of the outstretched CHURCHES DO YOU SEE CHERUBS wings of a bird also was brought up. WITH OUTSTRETCHED WINGS

Observe here how Petrie tells us that ABOUT AN ALTAR OR ABOVE THE the Egyptian custom as to that matter MERCY SEAT?

EGYPTIAN ART AFTER ABRAHAM.

Portrait of Amenhotep IV. of the Eighteenth Dynasty.

This pharaoh reigned at the zenith of Israelitish influence in Egypt. It

was Egypt's Golden Age, and the Children of Israel were still at this period

Egyptian subjects. The son of an Asiatic mother and the husband of an

Asiatic wife, this pharaoh definitely abandoned the polytheistic creeds ana founded his own cult of monotheism. His portrait, given above, was not ex-

(.elled in Egyptian art accomplishment, except by a portrait made by Asiatic

artists of his own mother. Following his reign and that of his immediate successors, who drove out the Children of Israel, Egypt fell into ruin under

Ethiopian invaders from which it was not rescued until the Persian and Green conquests after a lapse of 400 years.

1097 JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR

Here is the Petrie version of the whom America has contributed to the custom's origin: "In the holiest of Egyptian field. In company with Mr.

all things, the Ark of Yahveh of the Davis she spent years in Egyptian reHebrews, there were cherubs, one on search and was honored through a each end of the mercy seat with preface to her volume from the pen wings covering the mercy seat. This of Maspero, dean of the corps of

agrees with the description of the Egyptian excavators.

Egyptian ark of the gods with figures Miss Buttles noted that rich inof the goddess Maat with wings covcrease in humanity and art in Egypt ering the ark."And the idea is freand the tense revolutionary spirit that

quently met with in scripture as inpervaded the country just after Abdicated in the phrases, "mercy and raham's time. I have already noted

truth are met together,""for thy mermentions of this condition by Mascy and for thy truth's sake."pero, Budge, Sayce and Petrie. Here

Petrie at great length develops the is what Miss Buttles says about it:

probability that the ark of the He- "At an early date the sun god at brews contained in the Holy of Holies Heliopolis became Amen at Thebes the same set of scales that are shown and AmenRa in later times, 'Kin?

in the Egyptian judgment scenes to of the gods,'and after the Fourth express symbolically the same idea dynasty Egyptian kings added to the Egyptians sought to express by their titles the title of 'the son of Ra.'

that - device of the justice of God's "From this earlier background the judgments. Eighteenth dynasty blossomed out as

So much for influences that worked the golden age of Egypt. Arts, crafts,

out of Egypt into the life and religliterature were in the zenith of their ious customs of the Jews. glory and its monarchs were not only

story—theConcerningimpressionthe other theside Semitesof the thehistorymost butbrilliantthey personalitieshave 'so stampedof itsmade upon the Egyptian people whom themselves and their times on the

tried countless records of the period thatthey ruled for centuries—I have

to give a few slight glimpses of what, even after the lapse of more than 30 the record shows. With this piece I centuries they seem to live and to aDenclose two pictures "from originals pear as human beings.

in the Metropolitan Museum of Art, "Suddenly released from the old order one from the period in which native of rigid laws (Miss Buttles is here reEgyptian power reached its climax, ferring to the religious revolution that and the other from the period of gave us a monotheistic nharaoh) the which Semitic influence reached its arts and crafts make a leap forward climax. Th e most beautiful art oband find an expression wholly new to

ject I have seen from Egypt was a Egypt. The literature and poetry ol

vase delicately done after a manner the age, the extraordinary approach strange to Egyptian art of any prevto modern thought in its philosophy, ious age. The art object was a vase the monotheistic character of its resurmounted by a queen's portrait and ligious principles, the admirable fidelithis queen was Queen Thiy; It was ty to nature of all its expresisons make

during her husband's reign that the the reign of Kuhen-Aten, the heretic zenith of te Empire was reached. (from Egyptian polytheism) one of the

Queen Thiy's influential position most remarkable of ancient history."must of wide celebrity have been one this readers of piece So that may for in Babylonian the famous in the exactly art tablets judge contrast what of city ruins of the found in the instance, for development, was, I am is a there son) (herKhuen-Aten this with furnishing two photographs communication from Dushratta, king of original art objects which are in the "askof to Nitanni Thiy herself Queen art. One is a interest matmetropolitan museum of herself ing in a her to

ter the king says she must know all portrait done at the zenith of the Egyptian period before the coming or about."

Everywhere one turns in this later Abraham, the other a portrait done at literature about Egvpt one finds abunthe zenith of the influence of the Childance upon abundance of narrative dren of Israel. The strong contrast in

dealing with contact between Abraart power of the two pictures will sureham's people and the Egyptians and ly be readily observed.

the Chaldeans both before and Ion 1? The listing of items which prove the

after Abraham's visit to Egypt. It existence in Egypt at Abraham's time

would be tiresome to repeat it all, but of a cosmopolitan culture in which premerely to show how completely it is <'vions Egyptian culture collapsed, grows the nervading view of modern writers, tedious. But just to complete the selet us glance at one paragraph from ries here entered upon let us take a

the work of Miss Buttles, who by the final glance at another department of way is a relative of Theodore Davis, life in which the situation made itselt the greatest of the archaeologists evident. The beautiful Queen Thiy,

1098 IMPROVEMENT ERA

whose picture In the Metropolitan MuThe word for Palestine in Egypt was seum Is said by great art critics to be TENi:. Holding that in mind it may

almost unequaled as a specimen of possibly be interesting to glance idealized portraiture, was only one of through this bit of verse concerning the wives of the great Egyptian conthe adventure of one Sinhue who lied queror whose queen she was. Of the from Egypt after Sesostrls became

other wives this is the roster as given pharaoh. Breasted says of the tale that

ART IN EGYPT BEFORE ABRAHAM.

A Typical Twelfth Dynasty Portrait.

It was a period wnen textiles and wood were the only mediums in use, and the great Semitic migrations into Egypt were just commencing. Compare the finish and delicacy of the Egyptian art object of the period of the

Children of Israel's invasion of Egypt with this portrait. Both pictures are

from originals at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York. The picture given above represents the zenith of Egyptian art accomplishment under

purely native influence.

by Miss Buttles: "a daughter of it is "essentially true"and is the oldest

Satharna, a daughter of Dushratta, a reference in the world to Jerusalem:

sister and a daughter of Kallimasen, and a sister of Buraburiash, kings ol When I reached the lake of Kemwer

Babylonia."I fell down for thirst; fast came my

And from Petrie and Sayce we learn breath, that these Babylonian princesses who My throat was hot, were the wives of Egyptian pharaoha I said: "This is the taste of death.

often brought long trains of followers I upheld my heart, I drew my limbs toand servants with them to the court gether, which as Peters told us "was as remote I heard a sound of the lowing of cattle, from"them as China from America! I beheld the Bedwin.

JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR 1099

That chief among them who had been more scholarly research before reachin Egypt, recognized me. ing final conclusions. The conclusions!

He gave me water, he cooked for me of the American branch of the Spalding milk. jury are surely upset by the views

I went with him to his tribe, given here of Egyptian history. AnGood was that which they did for me. other worth while phase of the matter

One land sent me on to another would perhaps be now to turn to hypo-

I arrived at Kedem cephali and collect and compare all ol

I spent a year and a half there. those interesting circular discs to be

Emuienshi, that sheik of Upper Tenu had in the museum. Some of those who

brought me forth wrote for Bishop Spalding intimated

Saying to me: 'Happy are thou with that there are thousands if not millions

me, of them to be had, but more conservaFor thou hearest the speech of Egypt."tive estimates place the world's total

He said this for he knew my characsupply at 40. Maybe a fairly comter, plete set of pictures of them could be

He had heard of my wisdom; obtained and all the known data about

The Egyptians who were there with each be made accessible for those inhim bare witness of me. terested in the Book of Abraham matDr. John A. Widtsoe has called our ter. I would welcome data on this

attention to the haste with which the subject but I doubt if any scholars scholars turned off their opinions about have given any detailed consideration the Book of Abraham and the need for whatever to the hypocephali.

A Final Word

BY J. M. SJOPAHL, EDITOR OF THE DESERET NEWS

in another part of this number of the Era the reader will find a somewhat lengthy article by Dr. Robert C. Webb, reviewing certain points of a discussion, opened by the Rt. Rev. Bishop F. S. Spalding, on the very ancient piece

of literature given to the world by Joseph Smith under the title, "The Book of

Abraham."A few months ago, Bishop F. S. Spalding published a little pamphlet on

"Joseph Smith, Jr., as a Translator,"the purpose of which was to prove by the

testimony of scholars that the Prophet Joseph did not, and could not, give a correct translation of the text engraved on the Book of Mormon plates.

The Bishop, it is said, gave a liberal portion of his time and thought for some years to this literary production, fully expecting that when it should appear in print, it would signal the end of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

The little pamphlet created some interest both among Church members and others, as evidenced by numerous replies, or criticisms, which have appeared in print'. The reasons for this are apparent. The subject itself is

fascinating, the author is prominent, and scientific importance was imparted to the argument by the use of the names of worldrenowned Egyptologists and

Assyriologists.

To the older Church members there was nothing new, or startling, in the proposition upon which the Bishop relied for success in his undertaking.

They remembered that the illustrations which form part of the Book of Abraham, were criticized by a couple of travelers through Salt Lake City over fifty years ago, on the very ground the Bishop now takes, after they had submitted them to the scrutiny of a scientist of high repute, M. Theodule

Deveria. But they also remembered that Elder George Reynolds in his

"Book of Abraham,"successfully met these critics. They felt sure that the

result of the present discussion would not be different.

And this expectation has been fully justified. For the testimony of the

scholars appealed to by the author of the pamphlet has been carefully weighed against truth and found wanting in some important particulars. To some of

the younger members of the Church the pamphlet, when it first appeared, seemed to contain information injurious to the claim made for the Prophet

Joseph as an inspired translator, but, when the alleged facts were exposed to the searchlight and the reasoning was submitted to the test of logic, the worthlessness of the criticism for purposes of honest inquiry and research became apparent.

To many, the attitude of Bishop Spalding, after having reopened the discussion, has been disappointing. They supposed that, before he threw down

the gauntlet, he was fully prepared to defend his position, that he was so well supplied with data that he could have met every effort to break down his argument successfully. They hoped for an exhaustive discussion, fair, impartial, scientific, one that would help the student to form an independent

A FINAL WORD 1101

opinion on the issue involved. But in the course pursued by him, they have

found no help whatever. He has thought best to ignore many of the main

points advanced by the other side. An abundance of facts has been placed

before him, but there is no evidence that he has even noticed them. At the

same time his pamphlet is being circulated, and the impression goes out with it that it is unanswered and unanswerable. In the language of "The Continent"of February 13, this year, a "great hoax has been proved on the 'Mormon'

prophet."This, we say, is the impression which the Bishop permits to go

forth, by ignoring the other side of the argument. Whether this is in accord

with the profession of fairness claimed by the author at the outset, may be left to his own judgment.

As already stated, it was the fond hope of the author that his literary effort would turn Latterday Saints away from the Church, and this expectation is openly admitted by some magazines which have noticed it. In the

judgment of the Bishop and his friends, to turn somebody away from the faith as delivered by the prophets of this dispensation, is a highly meritorious work, whether they have anything to substitute for that faith or not; whether

they land the victims in infidelity, or not, as long as they cause them to repudiate the principles of truth as understood by the unpopular "Mormons."But

we have not heard of one single case of defection from the Church on account of this pamphlet. We have heard some young men express their gratitude

that their attention was called to this work of the Prophet Joseph. Professor

N. L. Nelson, in his open letter, published in the Deserct News of February IS,

this year, voices that sentiment, when he says:

"The fog your critics spread did not hang long. Dr. Robert C. Webb's

masterly explication of these plates restored to me more than your destructive criticisms took away. For up till the date of this discussion, I had given

only the most casual attention to this part of Joseph Smith's work as translator, I therefore had no definite convictions thereto. Never having sought

the testimony of the Spirit concerning them, I held these fragments from the lore of Egypt out in that boundless category of things yet to be investigated.

But following Dr. Webb's careful paper, as best I could, by aid of dictionary

and encyclopedia, I obtained gratifying glimpses into the mythology of Egypt and every bit of insight so obtained, was a new step in the direction of vindicating Joseph Smith."(Improvement Era, April, 1913, p. 604.)

This has been the effect in many instances. The Bishop has actually

awakened an interest in this literary gem, the Book of Abraham.

Another effect of this discussion has been to draw out friends of the

Latterday Saints in defense of the Prophet Joseph and his work—friends who,

but for such an occasion would have remained silent admirers, like Nicodemus and Joseph of Arimathea in the days of our Lord. The important fact has

thereby been revealed that the great cause for which the Church stands has friends and defenders among the educated, thinking classes, of whom the

Latterday Saints know nothing until the emergency reveals them.

THE BOOK OF ABRAHAM

The Book of Abraham is one of the most interesting and important literary productions in existence. It is older, by several centuries, than the sacred

records of the Hebrews. It supplies some important particulars regarding the

1102 IMPROVEMENT ERA

liistory of Abraham, showing why lie was commanded to emigrate from the land and home of hifl ancestors. It gives important information concerning

the structure of the universe. It teaches the pre existence of intelligences and

the rebellion against God before the creation of the earth. Such are the great

truths with which it deals.

It shows, further, that Abraham had an important mission to perform in

Egypt. Having obtained the Holy Priesthood, and having been given the

sacred instrument known as Uriin and Thummim, he was properly equipped for that mission, and the Lord, therefore, told him: "Behold, 1 will lead thee

I will take thee, to put upon thee my name, even the Priestby my hand, and it was with Noah sohood of thy father, and my power shall be over thee. As

shall it be with thee, that through thy ministry my name shall be known in the earth for ever, for I am thy God."(Book of Abraham, Pearl of Great

Price, pages 5253.)

It is well known that a wonderful civilization flourished in the Nile valley in the very earliest dawn of history. This is one of the great riddles of

science. Whence came that civilization? Who planted the seed from which

it grew? Who taught the Egyptians their marvelous architecture? Who

instilled into their minds ther religious conceptions? Who wrote their ethical

code? Who was the great prophet through whose preaching the Egyptians

attained a position of leadership among the nations of the world, which was held for thousands of years? In the Book of Abraham these questions are,

at least partly, answered. It shows us that the "Father of the Faithful"went

to Egypt and proclaimed the true religion, as revealed to him, and when this is known it is as easy to account for the great advancement of the ancient

Egyptians, as it is to explain the origin and development of the modern culture which flourishes under the aegis of the Christian religion. Whenever, and

wherever, truth sets man free to think and to act, intellectual development is the result.

In view of what is here set forth, the importance of the Book of Abraham can hardly be overestimated.

HOW IT WAS DISCOVERED

The story of the discovery and translation of this priceless record is told in the History of the Church. From the beginning to the end the hand of

it was Providence is plainly discernible in the circumstances under which brought to light.

In the year 1831, a French traveler, M. Antonio Sebolo, found several

mummies near Thebes, Egypt. He retained eleven of these and started for

Paris. On the voyage he took sick, and after a few days of illness lie died at

Trieste, Austria. The bodies were eventually forwarded to his nephew. Mr.

M. H. Chandler, in New York, who obtained possession of them in the year

1833, whereupon he decided to tour the country for the purpose of exhibiting them. In due time he arrived in Kirtland. This was in 1835. He had previously opened the cases and found two rolls of papyrus and a few smaller

pieces containing writing.

As the Prophet Joseph Smith had acquired a reputation for abdity to translate ancient languages, Mr. Chandler, naturally, asked his opinion concerning those records. The Prophet interpreted some of the characters, and Mr

A FINAL WORD 1103

Chandler at once recognized the agreement between his interpretation and that of scientists whose opinion had been solicited. Being satisfied that the

records were genuine, some of the Saints in Kirtland purchased them and the mummies.

The Prophet Joseph now began to study the text carefully, assisted by

Oliver Cowdery and W. W. Phelps. As the work proceeded, he became convinced that one of the rolls of papyrus contained a copy of a book written by

Abraham, and the other, one written by Joseph, the son of Jacob. He now

redoubled his efforts to understand them. He had very little, if any, access to

scientific helps at this time, but he, nevertheless, applied himself to the stupendous task before him, as often as a multitude of other duties would permit, and in seven years his translation of the Book of Abraham was ready for the press. Three smaller pieces of manuscript containing pictures were published

and partly explained in connection with the Book of Abraham one of them being known as a hypocephalus. The Book of Joseph was not given to the

public.

The mummies and the manuscripts after the Prophet's death, found their way to a museum in Chicago, where it is believed they were destroyed in the big fire which devastated the city in October, 1871.

Such is the story of these wonderful records. The hand of Providence, as

already stated, is clearly seen in their preservation until the part known as the

Book of Abraham and the accompanying illustrations were given to the world through the Prophet Joseph.

AGE OF THE BOOK

The Prophet Joseph states that the letters on the papyri were written in black, and some in red, ink, and that they were of the kind found upon the coffins of mummies. Interspersed among the hieroglyphics were letters resembling the ancient Hebrew. (Millennial Star, Vol. 15, page 519, quoted by

George Reynolds, Book of Abraham, page 3.)

This is exceedingly interesting information, for it may furnish a clue to the approximate date of the original composition. Critics judge the age of a

Ms. from the form of letters, division of words, or lines, material on which

they are written, and so forth. Now, Dr. E. A. W. Budge ("Book of the

Dead") tells us that the first specimens of Egyptian literature are found upon the walls of the chambers and passages inside pyramids of the fifth and sixth dynasties, and that the characters are hieroglyphics. If the characters of the

Book of Abraham had resembled these first specimens, the Prophet Joseph would have said so, and the conclusion would have been that the record. belonged to this earliest period.

During the eleventh and twelfth dynasties, Dr. Budge says, the texts on

the walls were transferred to coffins and sarcophagi, and the forms of the letters were somewhat modified, and became "cursive hieroglyphics."The

prophet says the characters he translated resembled these, and the Book, therefore, we may conclude, belongs to this second period. But this was the

golden age of Egyptian literature. And it follows so closely upon the epochmaking visit of Abraham to Egypt, as to suggest that the development may

have been due to the influence he exerted while there.

There is, of course, no absolute certainty about the chronology of those 1104 IMPROVEMENT ERA

early ages, but the author of the article on Egypt in the New International

Encyclopedia says: "The Twelfth (Theban?) Dynaaty seems, hum recent

discoveries, t<> have begun about B, C. 2000. This period of about 20Q

* * * was considered by the later Egyptians as the gulden age, especially of literature, the poetical Style uf which formed the mudel fur all succeeding periods."The stury of Abraham, according to recent chronologists, begins in the year 2333 B. C. Others place the date of his birth frum 300 to 400 years

nearer our i r;i. Hut en any calculation it is clear that the gulden age of the

twelfth dynasty followed the visit uf Abraham, almost immediately. The

form of the Utters on the papyri, and the chronological calculations of recent years, taken together, furnish very strong corroborative evidence of the truth of the claim made for the book, as to authorship.

CORROBORATIVE EVIDENCE

The evidence is strengthened by the probability that Abraham left some record of his life; that Moses had access to some such records, and that Joshua

had documentary evidence for his statement to the children of Israel, that their ancestors served "other gods"before their emigration from the land beyond the Euphrates. The author of the Book of Judith no doubt had authority for the statement that the family of Abraham were compelled to leave

the country because they refused to take part in the idolatrous worship of the people among whom they lived. (Judith 5:6-8.) Paul may have seen some

authentic record besides Genesis for his statement: "The God of Glory appeared unto our father Abraham, when he was in Mesopotamia, before he dwelt

in Charran, and said unto him, 'Get thee out of thy country,'"etc., and Josephus may have had a copy of this very Book of Abraham before him when he

stated that Abraham taught astronomy to the Egyptians.

This is not mere guesswork, for in a list of Hebrew writings, forming an appendix to the catalogue of Nicephorus, about 800 A. D., copied from much

earlier sources, is mentioned a work bearing the title, "The Book of Abraham,"and Origen, the celebrated church father, is supposed to have quoted from this book. (Bible Encyclopedia, edited by Dr. Samuel Fallows, Vol. 1, page

28.) If, then, Abraham left records to which as late writers as Origen, who, by the way, was an Egyptian, born at Alexandria, had access, there is nothing improbable in the statement that a copy of these records, entire or in part, was discovered in our day in an Egyptian tomb.

Egypt has of late years proved a veritable treasure house of literature of the class to which the Book of Abraham may be said to belong. A few years

ago a manuscript was found containing "Sayings of Jesus,"evidently a copy of some very ancient document, and some years previously a German resident at Cairo obtained a tattered papyrus which, on examination, was found to be the "Acts of Paul, the Apostle."This manuscript was secured for the University Library at Heidelberg. It was written in an unknown Coptic dialect,

and the difficulties of translation were numerous. This book is said to throw

new light upon some important questions of the New Testament times. It

tells of the return of Paul to Rome, and his martyrdom there, implying his release from the first captivity and a missionary journey of which the Acts

A FINAL WORD 1105

says nothing. It contains a couple of letters, one from the Saints at Corinth

to Paul, and the other his answer. It describes Paul as follows:

"And Onesiphorus saw Paul approaching, a man short in stature, baldheaded, crookkneed, of a fresh complexion, with eyebrows that joined, and a rather hooked nose, full of grace; for sometimes he appeared as a man, and

sometimes he had the face of an angel."

If a German resident at Cairo did find such an important document, the existence of which was known only through references made to it by ancient writers, such as Tertullian, Jerome, and Chrysostom, there is nothing incred ible in the story of the discovery of the Book of Abraham through the instrumentality of a French traveler, M. Sebolo.

THE HAND OF PROVIDENCE

We have said that the Prophet Joseph obtained this record providentially.

Why, it may be asked, should Providence direct the journey of those papyri and cause them to fall into the hands of the humble prophet of this dispensation? Was it, then, his calling to translate hieroglyphics?

In reply to these questions it should be said that the mission of the

Prophet Joseph was to proclaim the gospel message to the world, and to establish the Church of the Redeemer, preparatory to his second advent, but part of that'mission was to turn the hearts of the children to their fathers, and to link together the past and the present into one grand and allcompre- hensive dispensation. There can be no such union, until the present shall

understand the past, and realize that it is merely building upon the foundations laid by the fathers. Hence the Prophet Joseph was given the key to the

historical and religious treasure house of the past of the American continent:

hence he was given to understand, in the Book of Abraham, that the marvelous civilization of the ancient Egyptians had its origin in divine revelation.

Communion

Serene, o'er the crest of the mountain,

Sank the sun in the depths of blue

Full of hope, by a splashing fountain,

Beat a heart that was light and true,

A heart full of hope and of gladness,

With a nature as free from sin,

And a breast that had banished sadness,

Through the strength of the soul within.

The youth, in his love of the grandeur,

Drank deep of the nectar so wild,

He believed in the voice of nature

With the faith of a little child.

O'er him dashed the spray of the fountain,

Overhead was the soft blue sky

The sun, toward the crest of the mountain,

In its glory, was drawing nigh.

From beauty of leaf and of flower,

From the strength of the rock and sod,

From the clear, soothing fountain's shower,

Came the wonderful voice of God,

And He said, "There is rest from sorrow,

Ev'ry doubt and each care will flee;

There is ever a bright tomorrow,

For the soul that has faith in Me."

Then the youth cried in joy supernal,

For he seemed at his Father's door "Thou hast given me life eternal,

Oh, my God! I can ask no more."

And he said, "Let me enter heaven,

As calm, as serene, and as blest.

As the sun has set o'er the mountain,

To its day in the distant West."

WlLMER BrONSON.

MONTICELLO, UTAH The Colorado River, H'estei Eoundaty San Juan Co.

Chapter XIII—Communion with the Intangible.

The fall roundup was a new departure in several ways

Widder was gone, mavericks, blue mule, Pancho and all; and

Juan Rido, a Romannosed, blackeyed young Mexican, took the part of fourth man. Ben, instead of being the timid, sorelipped,

snip of a boy, who got lost and whipped old Buck for his churnheaded stupidity, was seventeen years old, and no one in the outfit rode better horses, or had a better saddle, rope, or bridle than he.

The music of the hills had toned his nerve to a glad adventurous bearing, amounting almost to chivalry. He thought

it not vain pride to take special interest in Alec and Flossy—to

make sure their backs were sound, their feet well shod, and their flesh and tempers smoothed by grain and kind treatment. He saw

no undue selfexaltation in his resolve to ride with firstclass acwild,coutrements, for with them he should ride in the hills—the

majestic, musical hills, where the whisperings of forest and cliff filled life with sweetness and romance. If, through respect to the

old meetinghouse, he wore linen, then through respect to the hills he would be equipped as well as any who rode among them.

Every horse in the outfit had a shining coat over plump muscles, and, judging from the waving sandgrass on the hills, their flesh ought to hold up nicely to the end of the trip.

Juan had two horses of his own: a pinto, with dapper legs

and a white eye, a genuine doubleaction, centerfire, smokeless type of mustang; and a longbodied buckskin, with rubber lungs,

and heart of hickory. They were not beauties, though in perfect

blend with Juan's easy, greaserlike bearing in the saddle, a place he could fill while they carried him unweariedly to the ends of the earth.

All hands intended the roundup to be a clean sweep, especially did they intend to nail every one of a certain halfdozen 1108 IMPROVEMENT ERA

steers that had grown old and massive in their successful fight against any form of captivity. "We must make sure of that old

brindle,"said Fred Rojer, "the one that whipped us out last spring,"and Jud and Ben looked at each other in mild rivalry, for the former had a reputation to maintain, and the latter had a bay, snipnosed colt, w hich he wanted to prove the best horse in the outfit.

Among the six ferocious mossbacks, the brindle had no rival. He ranged always near

Little Mountain, and that point hung as a coveted plumb above the two competitors for the championship of the Pagahrit range. For various reasons, however, it was left for

t!:e last day's ride, and that

last day must follow a fourdays'trip to North Gulch.

Since the sandslide, down over which the trail to North Gulch loses itself in the jungle, is twelve miles from the entire, twisting, willowgrown Lngth of that box canyon, it is necessary to make camp about halfway between the head and the river. It requires

"// here whisperings of forest always three nights and four and cliff fill life with sweetdays from the lake, a length ness and romance."of time altogether too long

to leave a bunch of steers alone above an oldwillow fence.

Someone had to stay and help the rickety old fence keep the uneasy steers from coming down out of Upper Lake Gulch the

Pagahnt pasture Ben took account of the whole situation 'several days before the North Gulch trip, and felt no surprise when his father said, You had better guard the fence, son, while wego over yonder.

If they had known Juan's judgment and fidelity, it is likely he would have waited by the fence; but being a stranger at that

toe, he rode away with the two men, leaving Ben alone in a great sohtude with not even old Bowse to cock up an ear at his words, or meet his glance with devoted doereyes

To be sure, Alec and Flossy were hobbled on the wirerass

VOICE OF THE INTANGIBLE 1109

below camp, and they never had so much petting and so manykind words before. Sometimes young Rojer studied their wonderful eyes a whole hour at a stretch. He decided the mare's crisp

look said something rather sarcastic about such a lavishing of attention, but the loving horsesoul of the bay colt looked out through those windows of his brain as much as to say, "I like it yours truly."I wish I could speak—I am

Then there was the mockingbird in the grove above camp he could talk for sure, that is, in his own language; and he had

a responsive little soul, for besides all the sweet things he said of his own accord, he repeated Ben's whistled song as if to declare by the emphatic wagging and trembling of his whole musical little soul, "Them's my sentiments tue."

In the evening, when the herd came bawling down the gulch and collected above the fence, their varied faces became the absorbing study of the solitary watcher. It was a practice he formed

in the lonely hours of dayherd, when he longed with all the emotion of his lonesome soul to see a human face; and looking and

longing he seized, at length, upon the spark of intelligence gleaming in those horned faces. In this, his world of fancy, the heaven

he had made of an otherwise desolate hell, the herd became a rude and gentle, the wisemotley throng of human creatures—the

and the foolish, the bold and the timorous. So now, sitting alone

on the blackwillow fence, he read the distinct nature in the shape of each face, before making a quick jump to the ground and stampeding them back up the gulch.

Besides the living, tangible things that moved, and broke the the bittern that cried atsilence in that faraway place—besides

midnight, and the coots that called from the dark surface of the the coyotes that howled, the calves that bawled, andlake—besides

the doleful owls that hooted from the trees—a great intangible

Something spoke in loud silence by day and by night. Its voice

was louder still to ears that could hear no human word—ears that

listened intently for any intelligent sound.

In the heated noonday and the still midnight, it spoke through the whole diapason of earth and sky. While Ben hunted

faces in the evening fire, or knelt reverently still in his cave, he inwardly heard and felt the response which he had no words to express. In the dark, stilly hours, when he awoke in his bed and

looked at the deep shades of cliffs and trees around, and the bright stars above—he heard it still, and sank peacefully back

to sleep by its lullaby; for this great Something could calm or

excite, speak love or fire, as the occasion demanded.

This great Intangible had other tongues than those in the bottom of the gulch—voices that led young Rojer away over the

hot rocks and among the weeds of the hills. He listened there

1110 IMPROVEMENT KRA

For tinwild-bird perched on the solitary bush; he looked for the

green and yellow lizard to scamper over the sand.

The high, bald knoll of solid rock had an especial charm, for on it he seated himself to look at the spirit legions of heat that danced on the distant hills; or to watch the desert haze in the distance, or the murky mountains far beyond it. He climbed here,

too, to sing a song, whose words and tune had sprung from the emotion of his own boyish heart, while he looked from the tops of rocks like these in various parts of the Pagahrit region.

Little he eared, if really he knew, that his song was not classical; his supreme judges of excellence in all things were his

father, the Intangible and himself. The first judge had never

heard the song, the other two liked it immensely, and for their pleasure he mounted the rock, and sang it with all the freedom their approval inspired:

"In the hazy distance, hidden from view,

A voice is calling, 'I'm waiting for you,

Watching and waiting and hoping with fear,

Listening in silence your voice to hear;

E'en far beyond the lone shepherd I stay,

Waiting in hope for you'."

Now, whether it were a girl, somewhere in those distant mountains of Utah, a girl who looked his way and cherished his own vague longings, he could not tell. It may have been a soul

half visible among the heatlegions, or possibly a face or shape that took form in the dark haze of the horizon, or the clouds above it. He felt sure, however, that he liked to look at the enchanted distance, and sing that homemade song; for having been

born, words and tune, of a strong but undefined emotion, it came more nearly expressing that emotion than anything he could say or sing. It was his best answer to one particular call that had

reached his youthful mind.

Besides all these, Ben had other friends of solitude, each one bearing on its tongue a message of comfort from the great Intangible. When he turned from Alec and the mockingbird and the

rockknoll, he found a grassy seat where the little waves chased each other with liquid rattle against the sodded shore. The blue

surface, the ducks, the rushes, and the bank where the plovers ran or waded in the water, all these had a mighty charm, yet they failed to hold his eyes from these little waves, marching continually up and dissolving on the shore. Those waves kept time to the

summer wind, they held young Rojer to the spot like a man in a trance. "What do they say?"he asked.

Now to whom, in that isolation, did he direct his question, if not to the Intangible Something? He may not have intended It

so; but we have second selves who pursue our wonted course

VOICE OF THE INTANGIBLE 1111

without our notice; so did he. And further, who, if not this same

Intangible, ransacked that spellbound mind, found there an old song and dragged it halfway over Ben's tongue before it found connection with the dear little waves? At all events, when his

question had drifted away on the summer wind, the notes of an old familiar song began to follow it

"What are the wild waves saying,

Sister, the whole day long?"

He sang it through to the end, and after a pause repeated to himself "Oh, yes! it is something greater

That speaks to the heart alone:

The voice of the great Creator

Dwells in that mighty tone."

still again He repeated it again while he sat on the bank, and as he went back to Alec and Flossy.

still in the Of course, there were times when he simply sat shade, a prey to the fancies and emotions that passed over him like a calm wind. Sometimes a sickening sense of loneliness began to rise within him. That was the lingering little Ben Rojer

who had not understood the great Intangible, and he was promptly quieted by the tall, seventeenyear-old Ben Rojer, who communed with the hazy distance by day, and the stilly voices by night.

Once, as he sat against the trunk of a cottonwood, he felt they had left no track nor cluesure his horses were gone—that

by which he might find them. This sentiment came so strongly

to his mind that he went straight to where the old ponies nibbled and told them of his foolish fears.

On the afternoon of the fourth day, he found himself on a bald knoll, wishing the outfit would come in sight, but the hours wore on, and the sun sank low beyond the desert. Suddenly a

strange spell came over him; he seemed to hear that his father had

gone far away, never to return to Pagahrit; that he was verily

forsaken and alone; that Soorowits would materialize in the distant haze, and come straight towards him.

It lasted only a minute—a terrible minute, the dread and

foreboding remained through the dusk and darkness that followed. Besides, they had plenty of time to come before sunset,

and young Rojer thought of the terrible feeling, while helistened in the evening stillness and heard no sound. The Intangible said

nothing; it left him to ponder on its ominous message.

"Oh, pshaw!"mused Ben, "I may have misunderstood, interpreted the other whispering to say the horses were gone, and

they're here yet. Maybe I've made another mistake."He hoped

so, and he continued'to hope till late in the evening, when the 1112 [MPROVEMENT ERA

sound of a herd drifted up from the lake, and then he forgot the whole affair.

Old Charley Spy came with the outfit. He had been the

cause of their delay; for, finding- a solitary horsetrack crossing

the sand below Red Tank, they supposed some prospector had lost his way, and they followed the lone track to old Charley. The

old man claimed to be on the way to Hall's Ferry, but he jumped at the offer of a square meal, and helped them drive to the lake.

He rode the same sorrowful sorrel, hipshot and limpy, and carried the same dreadful artillery that had figured in the edge of the timber with the J-B dayherd. He "chawed tubacker"in

the same flaplipped, hosenozzle fashion, and held his pipe between two lonesome teeth while he talked. He ate a square meal,

in fact he ate two of them, but he slept in his saddleblankets somewhere down among the willows.

There was no alteration in his dirt, or his whiskers, or his rickety jawbone; but he had a crisp, sharpnosed dog that took

Ben's eve at once. "Naw!"he growled, when asked about the

canine, "I won't sell Mike,"and young Rojer looked at the artillery, and gave up all hopes of owning "the dog.

Chapter XIV—A Bundle Steer.

About the time old Spy disappeared among the rockknolls and sandhills, on his pretended way to Hall's Ferry, the four riders of the Pagahrit outfit started for Little Mountain. Ben rode

Alec, of course, and whispered in that shapely horseear as he mounted, "Come it, old coltie, we'll snare the wild ones today."

Starting a bunch of wild cattle, cattle such as the Rojer outfit used to tend on the Pagahrit range, is always exciting business, and sometimes it is dangerous as well. For be it known

these cattle saw their owners only two or three times a year, while they were often frightened to desperation by plundering Indians and prospectors who liked fresh beef. In some parts of the

range, having been hunted like wild game, they refused to be rounded up, and cornering them too closely was never a safe enterprise. Little Mountain stood in one of those thiefinfested sections.

The Pagahrit range has many faraway nooks and corners where cattle may hide, and sometimes the calves born in those places reach thir growth before seeing a white man. Such animals, after the first year, are mavericks, having neither marks nor

brands, and, by the by, the private appropriation of these mavericks has been a demoralizing practice with many a man of the saddle.

But to return to Pagahrit. it was no uncommon thing there,

for a calf to keep out of sight from the time the red iron sank

VOICE OF THE INTANGIBLE 1113

into its hair, till the fouryear-old wrinkle developed on its horns.

Frequently the powerful steer had but one recollection of man and horse: the time when the man and horse caught him, tied

his calffeet solid, and tortured him with a hot iron and a hot knife. Such animals put all their wild ferocity into their hatred

of horsemen, and they were dangerous fellows to meet.

The brindle steer "that whipped them out last spring"was one of this latter class. After failing in his furious effort to escape,

he would make a doubly furious charge on all opposition. Woe

to the man or horse he brought to bay when his wild blood was up, unless, indeed, it were a combination like Montana and old Deut.

Ben knew the situation; he knew the danger; the danger

gave sweet flavor to the enterprise, and for that hazardous enterprise he had a whetted appetite. He felt vigorous manhood budding in his arm; he felt a proud and generous confidence in the

dashing bay he had trained from colthood.

The four horsemen rode on the sand. Their steelshod hoofs

would clatter too loudly on the rock. They also preferred the

windward side of each valley or bench, for the cow family have a keen sense of smell.

When a furore comes up suddenly, it is often difficult to tell just how or when it began. When young Rojer found himself

racing over the hills, he didn't care how it began; he cared only

to circle the startled bunch, and be ready to take his choice from among the refractory spirits that might bolt from it. "Brin"was

not among them, but a white steer refused to be "milled"with the others, and bolting for the rocks, he had to pass within roperange of young Rojer's arm. Old Whitey ran squarely into that

loop, and Alec leaped to one side, and landed him with his four white feet in the air, and held him there, bellowing and kicking, till the wild bunch had time to calm their excitement.

When that snowy ox stumbled, winking and blinking among his less violent companions, and Juan stopped to watch them, Ben readjusted his saddle, and gave the bay colt a complimentary hug.

"Ah, you're a dandy,"he whispered, and ran his fingers around the ears to make sure the black mane hung free of tangles under the headband.

But Ben Rojer had a dangerous touch of arrogance, the distasteful symptoms of which, his father must surely have seen and lamented. Ben fancied himself and the bay colt, the most invincible, unfailing combination ever west of Clay Hill. He

couldn't understand how Jud could help being a little bit jealous jealous or not, young Rojer and Alec must do all the dashing business from now on.

The LittleMountain country is peppered with scrubcedars, and under one of these, the gamey brindle steer lay peacefully chewing his cud, when the three horsemen came in sight. His

1114 IMPROVEMENT ERA

stnrt brought him into immediate action. Jud and Ben rode hip

and hip for fifty yards, and Alec came gradually out in the lead, just as his rider's rope began to swing clear of all tangles. The

massive brute ploughed through the sand two jumps ahead, and the hay horse gained with every leap. A little more crowding and

the horns would begin to turn; then the loop could be placed

with ease.

The fiery eyes took one straight look at Alec's snipped nose, before the rope whizzed through the air, and tightened around the base of those corkscrew horns.

The day of wrapping the rope around the saddlehorn, had passed. Ben, like all swift cowpunchers, simply tied it "hard

and fast"beforehand, and let the consequence follow. So now.

when Brin found himself glued to one end of the rope, behold

Alec glued to the other end. It meant victory for one or the

other or cut the rope, and young Rojer had always scorned the idea of disgracing himself and his horse by any such whitefeather performance.

The steer took but a whiff of the rope's restraint, before reaching a fixed resolve to run to it instead of from it. Nothing

alarmed by the symptoms of this resolution, Ben turned sharply to one side. He knew his horse could move quicker than any

steer on the range, and over his shoulder he watched the dragging rope, and Brin's powerful feet coming determinedly towards him.

Let those cloven hoofs once get mixed in the dragging fold of 1 iriat, and Alec would bolt ahead and flip them wrong side up.

Little did Ben think, as he kept so flippantly out of the way of those reaching horns, of the muse that had told him his horses were gone; little did he think himself unduly swelled with the

"pride that goeth before a fall."No more did he think of those

things, than of a yawning badgerhole concealed in the mountainbrush, straight ahead.

Oh that cursed badgerhole! The bay colt's front feet went

mashing into it. and the gallant horseform sank ignominiously to

the sand, rider and all. Ben landed on his hands and knees some

distance ahead, and scrambled into a scrubcedar; but when Alec

got his feet on the surface again, one corkscrew horn had made good its thrust through the hind cinch. The bay colt sprang out

of reach again in a second, but oh what a sight! Ben turned

his head with a sickening shudder.

Jud had been close upon them, and he roped Brin's hind feet while he stopped at the badgerhole, all in less time than it takes to tell it. When Jud jerked the brindle bulk to the ground with

a heavy bump, Ben jumped on him with a hogstring, and tied his feet together.

Then they turned to the bay horse; yes, and they turned

away. "Ah, that's too bad, too bad,"said Fred Rojer, as he rode up.

VOICE OF THE INTANGIBLE 1115

Jud could have felt no worse if the horse had been his own, but he looked at his little saddlegun, and knew he had an important part to take.

One course lay open before them, and they soon agreed upon it: the three horses should take turns carrying the saddle and

blanktts towards camp, and Ben should walk. He could do nothing a-foot with the herd, and the walk being a long one, he should

begin at once.

"Wait till I get over that hill,"he half begged in a husky voice, and giving the kind, snipped nose a farewell caress, he made good time without looking back, and took a short cut through the roughest parts to camp.

While he trudged on and on, over those lonely rockknolls and the little stretches of soft sand in between, a picture rose continually before his picture which years have not effaced, eyes,—a

"In the center of the skull above the eyes, a peculiar round hole."

of the bleaching bones of a horse on a scorching hillside, and in the center of the skull above the eyes, a peculiar round hole.

"Oh Alec!"he groaned to himself, and looked around—no

know it; and throwing himhuman eye might see—no one would

self on the sand, he sobbed with all the wounded love the bay colt's gallant horsesoul had inspired since the old days at Peavine.

The tender heart of the lingering little Ben Rojer poured forth his t?ars on his wrist, for he too must soon sink into the past, and

live along with the memory of the friends whose bones lay scatthe tall Ben Rojer became a man and "put awaytered,—while

childish things."

Ben reached camp late in the afternoon, about ten minutes before the day's drive came up from the lake in a cloud of dust.

1116 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The brindle steer came with them, his head tied to his foot, and his left horn still smeared with Alec's blood.

The branding lasted till sunset, and supper till dark. While

the ( ther three stretched on their beds to rest and breathe the cool evening air, young Rojer went to his cave to report and muse in the darkness.

Silence reigned in the old retreat, but "silence speaks louder than words."It spoke to the sorrowing youth. For while he

sat there on a stone with his face in his hands, the great Intangible

Something, that reaches into all the dens and caverns of earth, put great manly thought which I cannotinto his mind a thought,—a

serve up on paper to you, any more than I can appease your hun- g r by tilling of the roast beef he ate for supper. But here is the

conventional account of that it might thought,—the wordshadows

possibly leave on another person's mind "It is the sterling experience of life; experience makes men;

after all. the main thing is to become a man, not a thing."

Misfortunes seldom come alone, at least Ben thought so, next morning, when he went sorrowfully after the horses, and found that the pacing mare was not with them. She had disappeared as

if from the very earth, leaving no track leading out from the lake, nor over the bank into the water. Whether she went in the night,

or the day before, no one could tell. It was just the kind of a

mystery to tangle, as you look at it, and grow more perplexing, as it refuses to solve.

"You see, son,"suggested Fred Rojer, "we might get rid of

Josh, but never rid of our manmaking experience. You'll find

out some time, that things like this, and others much more serious, are arranged especially for our development."

Something startled Ben, like a man is startled by remembering an important task neglected. "Things are arranged,"he

musd. "and I was told of this verv thing, and couldn't understand."

Then his recollection, like a boy's grimy thumb on the soiled leaves of an old history, turned to the vision on the rockknoll and stopped short: "This means then, that Pa will go, too, and Soorowits will come. 'Much more serious?'Oh heavens!"

The last recollection crowded the first out of mind. The first

seemed no longer a loss; but could he profit by the first, and avoid

the second? He would have thrown his arms around his father's

neck and cried, but that unseen barrier of fatherly dignity held him for the present away, and bade him refrain.

Ben had no faith whatever in finding the lost mare, and all hands failed to discover so much as her track, though they spent the whole day hunting.

(to be continued)

Through England's Cotton Mills

BY CLYDE CANDLAND EDMONDS

The very word "cotton"brings to the mind of every truehearted American, whether school child or adult, a vivid recollection of the early conditions in the Southern States, when cottonraising was found to be such a flourishing industry in that part.

We recall how the Negroes were imported from Africa and sold at auction to the plantation owners as slaves, to gather the cotton and to care for the fields, and how brutally they were frequently treated. Our minds revert to many incidents and events which

occurred between slave and master; to quarrels that arose, and to

the cruel manner in which the former was often lashed into submission. We remember how the people in the North rebelled at

the conditions in "Dixie Land,"and how the great Civil War broke out. Then came the necessity of some great character

appearing who could cope with the conditions and make peace some mighty leader must arise to grasp the situation and put down strife, and thus save the nation's honor. This great, yet

humble character arose in the person of Abraham Lincoln. To his

name and honor, for the great work he accomplished, every truehearted American citizen should bare his head.

That the cotton is raised, is about all we know about it until it is returned in the form of fine spun cloths and fabrics. The

process of cotton manfacture is one of great interest, and it is the purpose of the writer to follow as closely and clearly as possible the raw cotton from one process to another until it appears in the form of salable material. Let me state here, however, that

the process is difficult to follow in reality, and much more difficult to explain on paper, hence this humble apology for any omitted details.

Elders Joel Richards, John H. Tillotson, Alfred C. Swift

and myself had the pleasure of visiting the world's largest longcloth cotton mills, namely, "Horrockses, Crewdson & Co.,

Ld., Mills."This firm has other branches, but it was our privilege

to visit the Preston mills. The buildings cover about sixty acres

of ground in Preston alone, and some six thousand employes are dependent upon this mill for their daily sustenance. Three hundred thousand spindles and eight thousand looms, not to mention countless other whirring machines, all unite in humming the

discordant melody of the cotton mills. From the number of employees mentioned, it can be readily understood what a terrible

1118 IM I'ROVK.M KNT ERA

calamity a coalstrike would be to thousands of English homes, where practically a handto-mouth existence is lived, if the mills were obliged to close their doors because of fuel shortage. But

t ) start on our journey.

Our guide took us first to the hoiler rooms, where the steam is generated to operate the machinery throughout the mills. Each

of the many large boilers has a capacity of 120 to 150 pounds, and by means of a system of "economizing"this pressure can be increased to 300 pounds. From the boilers we went to the

engines. The first one we saw is spoken of as "old 36,"being installed in the year 1836. Although it has given nearly eighty

years of active service, it still represents 500 horsepower toward the operation of thousands of looms and spindles. We are impressed with the immensity of the drive wheel and the writer

remarked to the guide what a large wheel it was. "We call that

a little one,"was the smiling reply. That such was the case,

was demonstrated as we entered the next room. Revolving with

uniform speed and smoothness, a powerful 28foot wheel, six feet in thickness, moved on in its endless course. This immense 1400

horsepower engine is the result of untiring effort and study on the part of "little"man. It is marvelous to know that this massive driving wheel which would overtop the ordinary English

house, and the powerful engines which send it in its course with tireless energy, are the outcome of human knowledge and ingenuity. The operation of countless scutchers, drawing frames,

A SrUTCHTNG ROOM THROUGH ENGLAND'S COTTON MILLS 1119

carding machines, spinning mules and frames and looms which rush on in their pulsing, throbbing, buzzing course, is dependent on these great driving wheels.'Now let us return to the cotton.

We were shown into one of the warehouses where hundreds of bales of cotton were stored, each bale weighing from 500 to 750 pounds. At first sight one would imagine that such an immense quantity of cotton would supply the mills for a considerable length of time, and again the writer ventured to remark what

an abundance of cotton was kept on hand. Again a smiling reply

came, "This storeroom isn't a 'fleabite'compared with others."

Later we discovered that these mills alone consumed 1,000 bales of American and Egyptian cotton weekly, which amounts to over half a million pounds of raw material in five and a half working days.

The raw cotton is a fluffy mass of minute fibres, being, as we all know, the product of the cotton plant. When gathered and

packed into bales it is so tightly compressed that it feels like a hard, solid substance. The quality of the cotton varies considerably and is determined by the length of the fibre, its color and

its cleanliness. Each little fibre, under microscope examination,

is about 1-2000 of an inch in diameter.

The large, compact bales are opened, the cotton is thrown into machines called "mixers."These machines mangle the cotton

and loosen it up, so that it is soon in its soft fluffy condition again.

From the mixing machine it is run on to a wide traveling lattice and carried to its next process, where it is subjected to heavy blows by iron and steel blades, revolving as the sails of a wind mill, only at a speed of 800 revolutions per minute. Thus the

cotton is cleansed from seeds, dust or other impurities, while it is rendered as light and fluffy as flakes of snow. It issues from the

rollers of this machine in broad white sheets and is then run into another purifying machine called the "Scutcher."Here the fluffy

sheets of cotton wool are brought against large perforated rollers, where a strong draught carries all remaining dust, seeds, etc., out

of the cotton. Once more the cotton is flung like flakes of snow

against whirling edged bars called "beaters,"which deliver about 1200 blows per minute. Then the cotton fleece issues slowly between two big rollers and is wound into a large roll called "lap."

This roll, or lap, is placed back of the "carding"machines and passed though rollers against a cylinder containing hundreds fact, so minute that they run about 600 toof minute needles—in

the square inch, or about 4,000,000 to the cylinder. These needles

separate the cotton fibres and they are brought out in parallel order, after which they pass through a combing process, which removes all short fibres and knots or seeds which may have gotten through the scutcher process. The fibres are brought out of

1120 IMPROVEMENT ERA

this machine like a soft, continuous cord. By this time, each fibre

is about 1-1000 of in inch in diameter. All of these threads are

now brought through a narrow tubing, and the soft, silky mass of fibres is formed into a fluffy riband of cotton known as "sliver."

The cotton has now taken its first decisive step in the process of manufacture.

see the We now go into the "drawing"room. Here we

machines doing the work which our forefathers were obliged to do by hand. This work of spinning, however, usually fell upon

the shoulders of the maidens, or unmarried women, who were syngenerally termed spinsters. Hence the word "spinster"—a

onym for unmarried women.

We will follow the "sliver"through the drawing machines.

Bear in mind that the sliver is a long flat riband of soft, filmy cotton wool, about an inch broad and half an inch thick. In order

to separate the short fibres which may have passed through the last combing process, it is combed by another machine which preserves the long fibres that are used for longcloths, calicoes, etc. After this combing, we come to the drawing process. In this

operation, six of the slivers are rolled into one riband, thus giving a certain degree of strength to the cord. Again, six more

of these rolled slivers are rolled into a still stronger cord, and six of these into still another. Thus there are 216 slivers converted into one riband of cotton of uniform weight and thickleast, as near so as human endeavor can make it. Theness—at

quality of the cloth depends largely upon the evenness of the thread. lcalled This thick, threadlike tape—stil sliver—must now

be spun into a thin thread for weaving purposes. The process

used to accomplish this may be classed under three heads: the

"slubbing,"the "intermediate,"and the "roving."These machines are among the most complicated we see, and are of wonderful construction. Our interest, however, centers in three pairs

of large rollers through which the sliver passes. But let me state

here that each pair of rollers revolves at a different speed than the others. The second pair revolves faster than the first, and

the third still faster than the second. Thus the second pair of

rollers, revolving faster than the first, will "draw"the sliver, or thread, to a finer and thinner cord, while the third pair of rollers attentuate and draw it out still more. Passing through the third

set, the sliver is twisted and wound on a bobbin. The same process is repeated in the intermediate machines, and then again

in the roving machines, so that a finer cotton is brought out of the intermediate than at the slubbing, and still finer after the roving.

Now we pass into another large room, where we see what is called the "mule spinners."Part of this process is similar to the

THROUGH ENGLAND'S COTTON MILLS 1121

ones just mentioned, by which the cotton, being brought from the roving machine, is passed through rollers of varying degrees of speed, and the process of attenuation is repeated, thus "drawing out"the cotton to a much finer degree. The threads are now

attached to spindles, mounted on a traversing carriage which moves slowly outward from the rollers, and revolves the spindles at a rate of 9,000 times to the minute. By these revolutions the

tenuous threads are twisted into yarn. When about sixty inches

of yarn are spun, this automatic carriage moves slowly back, winding the yarn on the spindle. Again it moves outward, twisting

the fibres as they are fed from the rollers, and again it moves

MULE SPINNING

back, winding the spun yarn on the spindles. This operation

is repeated about four times every minute, so this is one instance when it is quicker done than said.

The mule spinning machines are about 120 feet long, and are mounted with 1,300 spindles, each one spinning from sixty to sixtyfour inches of yarn four times every minute. Often these

tenuous threads break when they are being spun out, but they are promptly joined up by a "piecer"or "minder"who follows the carriage back and forth to keep the spindles fed. It was a

noticeable fact that the automatic movement of the carriage never stopped; the threads were broken and the proper connections

made without interfering with the action of the machine in the least. 1122 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The "ring; frame"is a similar machine for spinning the

Stronger yarn required for calicoes and other textile fabrics, and is no less wonderful, perhaps, but is less interesting to look upon.

For comparison, let us refer to the time when spinning by hand was considered so wonderful that the different peoples ascribed its discovery to their various gods and goddesses. The Egyptians,

for instance, ascribed its discovery to the goddess Tsis, and the ( rreeks, to Minerva. But if we attribute such a fanciful origin to

the astounding feats of the spinning mule and the ring spinning frame of today, we must use the unromantic names of Richard

Arkwright, James Hargreaves and Samuel Crompton, who have invented processes unknown to the worshipers of Isis and Minerva. Today, instead of the tedious method of hand spinning,

we have these wonderful machines which are the outcome of realized dreams of different Lancashire mechanics, to say nothing of other great inventors. Today one man. with the help of

one or two apprentices, can care for two thousand spindles. What

a remarkable instance of the ingunity of man! For experimental

purposes, one pound of raw cotton has been so finely spun by these machines, that it has been converted into one thousand miles of yarn. This appeals to the writer, as it may do to others,

to be a ''stretched yarn."but the statement comes from an authorit itive source. Nevertheless, we, who have so little knowledge

of the possibilities of these machines are not in a position to judge the credibility of the statement, as it surpasses our faculties of comprehension.

Now we will take the cotton that has been spun and wound in bobbins from the mules, and we find that with the aid of another machine it is wound on large rollers called "beams."Five

hundred of these bobbins are wound on the beam in uniform order, being arranged or mounted on the machine of a large "V"shape. The threads are run through a roller and then through a

comb in order to keep them separate, and then they are wound on this large beam in parallel order, thus making the "warp."Often

36.C00 yards of warp are wound on one beam. The automatic

operation of the warping machine is of considerable interest. On

each of the five hundred threads hangs a bent pin, similar to a hairpin but not quite so long, and should one of the threads break, the pin drops between the rollers, and the machine is instantly stopped. Thus the attendant is warned of the broken

thread, which is immediatclv jointed and the machine restarted.

When the desired length of warn is wound on the beams, they are taken to smother machine, where five beams are placed in consecutive order, ready to be wound on a still larger beam. It is

to 1 e remembered that each of the warp beams carries five hundred threads, and when five of these warp beams are wound on

THROUGH ENGLAND'S COTTON MILLS 1123

one large "weaver's beam,"the latter carries 2,500 threads. Now

the warp is washed in boiling water, being unrolled from one beam, and passing through the water, is conveyed through a starchy, gluey substance which stiffens the warp. Then it is passed, by a

roller system, over two large heated cylinders which dries the thread and it is wound on another weaver's beam at the opposite side of the machine.

The weaver's shed will attract our attention next. Thus far,

we have not noticed so much the tumult and roar of busy machines and flying wheels but the moment we open the door of the "shed"we are met with a buzzing, rushing, clicking, clacking storm of

WARPING FRAMES

flying shuttles and an interplay of machinery which, without exaggeration, deafens and amazes

"The web enwraps the beam, the reed divides,

While through the wid'ning space the shuttle glides; then poised with lead Which their swift hands receive

The swinging weight strikes close th'inserted thread."

These are the words of one Ovid, who thus described the weaving process nineteen centuries ago. The process today is similar, but

the operation is entirely mechanical.

We place the large weaver's beam at the back of the loom, and each one of the 2,500 threads is passed through the eye of a 1124 IMPROVEMENT ERA

healcl, which is similar to the eye of a needle. Let us pause here,

to examine an ordinary piece of cloth. We find that the weft

thread passes over each alternate thread of warp, while the next weft thread passes underneath the same. This form of weaving

is attained by the action of the healds, through which the thread is passed, as every other one raises its thread and allows a passage for the throw of the shuttle, which carries the weft thread. Then

that set of healds is lowered and the shuttle is this time passed over the warp threads it had previously underrun, and under the warp threads it had passed over. This alternation of up and down

interlacing of weft and warp forms the simplest style of cloth.

The different kinds of cloth, with their varieties of designs, are

A 'WEAVING SHED

produced by a variation of raising and lowering the healds. It is

truly wonderful to witness the marked rapidity with which the shuttles are thrown back and forth by means of automatic strapped arms, as they pass through the opening made by the healds about two hundred times a minute, and each throw of the shuttle plants anther thread in the cloth.

The looms range from 16 to 140 inches in length. So finely

is the cotton woven by these looms, that it requires 246 threads to

All the square inch—120 warp threads and 126 threads of weft.

this is done by automatic machines, which merely require attendants to feed the hungry shuttles with weft, and to make connecTHROUGH ENGLAND'S COTTON MILLS 1125

tions when threads may break. Though the loom needs a watchful eye and a pair of experienced hands to care for it, still one

attendant is able to care for three or four looms and keep them all in action. The latest invention in a loom—the Northrop—is an

improvement even on this. It is a loom which has selffeeding

shuttles, and when one cop of yarn is exhausted, it is automatically supplied with a fresh cop. This great saver of time makes it

possible for one man, with one or two apprentices, to care for sixteen or twenty looms. It was not our good fortune, however,

to see one of these.

It is understood that this interlacing of weft and warp makes the cloth, which is wound on rollers as fast as it is woven. Then

it is examined for defects, and having been found perfect, or at least up to the standard, it is ready for the market. This all takes

place in the warehouse and is of very little interest.

We could not examine as closely as we would like to the delicate parts of the looms, as they were all busy humming the tune of the mills, but the precision and accuracy of their movements were truly astonishing. In one single shed that we visited,

there were two thousand of these noisy looms all in action. The

noise and vibration of revolving wheels, flying shuttles and humming straps and belts are so deafening that one cannot hear the voice of his companion, and among the weavers it is all "liptalk."

They convey their message by a mere movement of the lips, and the one spoken to receives the message by a careful observation of the speaker's lips. An excellent place, this, for a mute to work.

It was amusing to see the different hands beckon to each other could notand send the wireless message—"Mormons"—which we

help but decipher. It is remarkable how readily the "Mormon"

elders are singled out for notice by all classes of people, particularly here in England. But let us return to the mill.

Leaving the weaver's shed and coming into the open air we seemed to have entered into a deathlike silence. After the din

and roar of the hundreds of looms, the sensation of stepping from the tumultuous racket of the sheds into the calm outside was one which, for the moment, seemed to invest everything with a solemn quietude. its many proWe have now followed the raw cotton through cesses until it is made up into fine cloths, ready for the marvisit.ket. But there is just one more place of interest we must

It is the "old mill"which was built in the year 1791. Although

the machines have been replaced by modern inventions, still the building is unchanged, and is being used today by the firm. When

this building was first erected and the machinery installed, it was propelled by one solitary horse in the basement, much after the style in which a horse may operate a merrygo-round. Think of

1126 IMPROVEMENT ERA

it, readers! A little over a century ago a one horsepower engine

(?) was employed, and today their engines run about 10.000 horsepower. What a marvelous contrast! How plainly we can discern the rapid strides made in civilzation! And it has all been

accomplished by the unceasing efforts of men who lived and loved the motto

"If at first you don't succeed; try, try again."

Dauntless and persistent in their determination to better conditions in the weaving world, many of them realized the dream of their lives; and their inventions, wonderful and complicated as

for themselves.they are, need no eulogizing,—they speak

Just to give an idea of the enormous output of this firm, let me quote a few figures. The weekly output averages 29,000

pieces of cotton fabrics of hundreds of varieties and makes. The

annual output is about 1,450,000 pieces, and as each piece averages forty yards in length, the annual product of the firm represents over thirty thousand miles—a greater quantity than the entire

cotton production of England a century ago.

PRESTON, ENGLAND

M. I. A. SCOUTS, ON A WINTER TRIP TO ENSIGN PEAK

"Daniel's Wisdom May I|Know"

BY CHARLES A. CALLIS, PRESIDENT OF THE SOUTHERN STATES

MISSION.

The following timely and instructive editorial appeared in a recent issue of the CommercialAppeal, Tennessee

"The story of Daniel, at the court of the Babylonian king, will never lose its charm. It has been chronicled in song and story, and

comes to us with renewed power when we are brought face to face with any great crisis in our career.

"How many young men started along the road of life dare follow the example of Daniel, dare to stand alone, to have a firm purpose and adhere to it?

"It is a question which the younger generation should be able to ask and answer.************"Daniel was one of the Hebrew youths carried away from Jerusalem by the victorious Nebuchadnezzar, and compelled to serve in

the royal court. They were fed, according to custom, with meat and

wine taken from the king's table. This food was first consecrated to

the Babylonian gods. To the pious Jews it was unclean. To eat it

was defilement, and Daniel resolved in his heart that he would not defile himself. He took the initiative and three of his companions

followed him. At first the steward was unwilling to supply other

food. He knew he was responsible for the appearance of his captives

and his head would pay the forfeit if the king noted any deferioration in their physical condition. In the end he yielded to their demand,

but only after Daniel had shown his unwillingness to eat and a willingness to starve rather than defile himself.

"This is the lesson for the young men of today. If evil in life is

to be overcome, the fight must be made at the beginning and not at the end. The way to resist temptation is to meet it at the door and

not wait until it has crossed the threshold and domiciled itself in our hearts and lives. Evil begins first in thought and ends in action.

Avoid the evil thought and the problem is solved. The man who can

control the citadel of his own mind is secure from all attacks from without. Withstand the beginnings. That is the surest and safest

way. * * * Thought, imagination, delight and content. This is

the personal biography of every sinful man and woman. It is the

road that too'many of us have traveled. Having chosen your purpose

in life, do as Daniel did. Refuse to take the first step and the second

will never present itself. This is the message of the Hebrew youth

to the young men of today. It is one that cannot be valued too highly.

At first there might seem to be little resemblance between our situation and that of the Babylonian captive. We have not been taken

from our homes by force and made to serve in the court of a king.

Yet we are called upon to leave our homes, called out into the world to accept our portion of the world's responsibilities and bear our part of its burdens.

"Many a young man goes from his home in the country to another

1128 IMPROVEMENT ERA

in search of an opportunity to make a living. Amid strange surroundings, free from parental or social restraint of earlier years, he

is exposed to many strange temptations. He is brought in contact

with new sensations, new customs, new practices. He is often forced

to hear things lie has been taught to revere spoken of with indifference and derision. This is his Babylonian sojourn. With this similarity of conditions there comes the same ringing demand for personal

purity and integrity. He must purpose in his heart that he will keep

inviolate the citadel of his soul.

"The pathway of life is beset with temptations * * * The great need of today is men who dare to say no when brought face to face with temptation. This is the ideal made illustrious by Daniel in

the midst of the capital city of heathendom."

It is most interesting and encouraging to note that not only did Daniel and his brethren appear "fairer and fatter in flesh,"because they would not defile themselves "with the portion of the king's meat, nor with the wine which he drank,"which they regarded as unclean, but they received knowledge and skill in all learning and wisdom; in such measure that Daniel won the favor

of the king by his wisdom and understanding.

In the 89th section of the Doctrine and Covenants, one of the standard works of the Church, is a revelation from the Lord, given through the prophet, Joseph Smith. This, revelation, according

to the word of the Lord is "A Word of Wisdom * * * showing forth the order and will of God in the temporal salvation of all Saints in the last days. Given

for a principle with promise, adapted to the capacity of the weak and the weakest of all Saints, who are or can be called Saints."

In this Word of Wisdom we learn that it is the will of God that it is not good to drink strong drink (intoxicating liquor);

that tobacco is not for the body, and therefore, not good for man and that hot drinks, tea and coffee, are not for the body.

Now here are two of the promises that the Lord makes to "all

Saints who remember to keep and do these sayings, walking in obedience to the commandments."First, "They shall receive

health."Second, they "shall find wisdom,"which Solomon says

is the principal thing, "and great treasures of knowledge, even hidden treasures."

Daniel's example was written for our admonition. "All

Saints * * * the weak and the weakest of all Saints, who are or can be called Saints,"should purpose in their hearts, as Daniel did, that they will not partake of the things God has said are not good for the body. The Master said: "He that overcometh, I

will give to him to sit down with me in my Father's throne."We

can overcome that which is against the counsels of God, not by our own power, but by the help of the Lord. The Apostle Paul

points out the way grandly: "I can do all things through Christ

which strengtheneth me."(Ph. 4:13.) The poet Browning says:

"DANIEL'S WISDOM MAY I KNOW"1129

"When the fight begins, within himself

A man's worth something.

God stoops o'er his head."

Sound bodies and sound minds are built by eating the food which "God hath ordained for the constitution, nature, and use of man,"and by refraining from the use of those things which lie has said are not good for us. "One good example is worth

a thousand arguments."A house is set in order when the will of

the Lord is done therein. The inmates of such a house will have

an excellent spirit in them, as we are told Daniel had, and they will nnrpose in their hearts that they will keep themselves unspotted from the sins of the world. They will acknowledge the Lord in

all t'eir ways and he will direct their paths. Liahona the Elders'

Journal.

Divine Authority

E. J. Tenney, Chula Vista, Cal., writes: "The Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints received its authority to officiate in the ordinrnces of the gospel directly from the Lord, through the Prophet

Joseph Smith, unto whom heavenly beings appeared and conferred the arthority rpon him. This gives the Latterday Saints authority to

baptize and to administer in other ordinances of the gospel. I know

of no people, church, or community, except the Latterday Saints, who are thus authorized. I prayed that I might receive the Holy Ghost

before I became familiar with the Latterday Saints, and then heard that they conferred the Holy Ghost by the authority of Jesus Christ.

Yet, while I longed for this blessing, I did not want to seek it through the Latterday Saints. I had an idea that a people of such bad repute

could not and did not have such glorious blessings; but at length, I

saw that the elders were truthful and honest, and then I tried to get them to lay their hands upon me for the reception of the Holy Ghost.

They told me this could not be done until I had been baptized. When

I said that I had been baptized, they told me, 'not by proper authority,'and it was then they explained to me the authority which the Prophet

Joseph received, and which has been conferred upon the elders of the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. I was then baptized by

them, and have experienced the promise, and have received the Holy

Ghost."The M. I. A. Contests

BY rOHN HENRY EVANS. OF THE LATTERDAY SAINTS UNIVERSITY

/ Significance of the Movement.

No member of the Church but must feel proud of the contests that have been carried on this year in the Mutual Improvement

Associations. Contests were conducted in music, in public speaking, in storytelling, and in debating". Of course, this was not the

first of the kind that the Associations have held. For several

years now they have been going on, not to speak of some that were h Id many years ago. But there has been nothing like that which

we have witnessed this year, either in the number of persons who have entered them or in the general excellence of the work done.

In Salt Lake O'ty, for instance, there were more contestants this year by several hundred per cent than at any previous time, and the enthusiasm and good will of all concerned were unprecedented.

I wish to discuss, in this and the three following papers, the importance of this movement to the M. I. A. and to the Church

generally, to consider some aspects of the work that need attention just now, and to offer, if I may, some suggestions growing out of an interest in these contests and a rather close connection w'th them.

What is the significance of this movement?

I am inclined to think that most of us underestimate, instead of overrate, this work. That is always likely to be the case with

what we do out here in the West in everything other than the material. It is the price we inevitably pay for lack of perspective,

want of upness in our standpoint, and too much dependence on the judgment of others. The other day, for instance, a literary

friend of mine said to me, "We have more talent in this State in music, in art. and in literature than can be found in all the States

between California and the Missouri river, and more than can be found in some of the States on the other side of that stream."

it hadn't occurred to me before. Had itAnd that is true—only,

to you? When yon come to think of it, the thing is very remarkable, to say the least. Long after the world has forgotten our

boasted commercial prosperity, our money value, it will hold in highments—ofestimationwhichourwe intellectual,sometimes ourthinkspiritual,so little.ourTheseartisticwillattainthen

1 e our glory. Even now those who look at us through the telescope of Old Father Time point, not to our material enterprises,

THE M. I. A. CONTESTS 1131

but rather to things that promise to be far more permanent. "To

me,"said an Eastern educator not long ago in speaking of what the "Mormons"have done, "the greatest achievement is a parents'class."That there is lots of talent in music, in public speaking, and in storytelling among our people, goes without saying. The interest we have always had in these activities would naturally

awaken talent. As a people we have had more use for music and

public speaking than any other community. In other communities these activities are undertaken mainly by the few; with us

they are distributed very generally. These contests, by reason

partly of the fact that they give exercise to this sort of talent and partly by reason of the fact that they arc contests, will develop the power of song, of speech, and of declamation in the young people of the Church. And whatever heights our young men and

women attain in these respects will reflect credit on the whole community. As I write this, I see in a morning paper an interview by a noted Eastern educator in which he says that the "Mormon"people must be somewhat, artistically, for "Utah has contributed more largely to musical and artistic efforts that are distinctly American than has any other State in proportion to population."

But that is not all. These contests are worth while if for no

other reason than that they attract attention to and arouse interest in the Association work. A contest instantly puts ginger and red

pepper into any activity. An organization may be dead, but a

contest of any sort will raise it from the dead. There is something about a clash, whether of body or of mind, that creates and

sustains interest. Perhaps it is the call of the wild, the Old Adam

in us, an echo of the time when our forebears fought each other with clubs and hatchets in the olden day. But however we came

by it, here it is, keen and strong. It sounds the alarm, it calls

itus to arms, it cries out, "Come on!"And then look at what

does for the contestant. If there is anything in him, it will come

out in the contest. Nor is there anything wrong in a contest, if

you take it in the right spirit. Should anybody doubt the efficacy

of a contest to rouse and to keep up interest in the M. I. A., let

him talk to any one who lived in Liberty or Granite stakes, during the contest of this year. There was as much enthusiasm

exhibited at their ward contests as there is usually at college athletics. Liberty stake alone almost filled the Assembly Hall on the

Temple grounds, each ward with banners, mottoes, and other signs of friendly battle.

is taken up If this movement, therefore, becomes general and in the right spirit, no organization need have any trouble in getting recruits from the young people of the Church.

But a word of caution is necessary.

1132 IMPROVEMENT ERA

I said above that these contests should be conducted in the right spirit. That is it exactly. At one of the contests last year,

where there were two sets of judges, one for the story and another for the music, it happened that two of the musical judges did not appear on time, in consequence of which the audience was kept waiting for more than half an hour. One of the other set

of judges jocularly remarked that the judges on storytelling ought to be allowed to judge the musical numbers also, for the reason that"there would not be any hard feelings on the part of the losers, since they would have the consolation that the judges didn't know anything about music anyhow! Sometimes there is

a disposition manifest not to take the decision of the judges, even when they do know the thing they are expected to render a decision on. And occasionally there is a disposition to berate the

judges and otherwise discredit their decisions.

This is wrong. Whether the decision is for us or against us

should not matter. We are always a bit partial to our own work

and the work of our friends. And this tends to disqualify us

from judging. If you were falsely accused of a crime, how would

you like to be tried before a judge who wanted you to be condemned? Your accuser would hardly wish you to be tried before

a court and jury made up of your particular friends. Now, the

judges are generally neither friends nor enemies. They have

usually no desire to see any particular person win out over another. In this respect, therefore, they are qualified to render a

just decision. Then, too, the judges are chosen generally for

their knowledge of the principles underlying the activity they are to adjudicate. Their judgment ought therefore to be worth something. It may, and as a matter of fact it often does, differ from

the popular judgment. But that is not anything against it. The

truth is, that competent judges render their decisions according to certain pretty definite principles of art, whereas the average audience decides according to its feelings and general impressions.

In any event, the contestants and their friends should accept the decision of the judges, whatever it may be. And so should the

presiding officers. For the presiding officers to say anything in

derogation of the judges'decision is at once a veritable folly of the most inexcusable sort, a needless offense to the judges, and an invitation to render decisions according'to the popular whim instead of the fixed principles of the art. Judges whose decisions

are discredited in one contest will think twice before acting in another. Besides, the whole thing is manifestly unfair, and unfairness is unsportsmanlike.

And this leads to a suggestion concerning the manner of preparing for the contest. The first thing to consider is the rules of

the contest. This is true whether it is a contest in public speaking, in storytelling, or in music. Rules prescribe certain limitaTHE M. I. A. CONTESTS 1133

tions, and these limitations it is necessary to recognize in the contest. If the contestant does not consider them carefully with

a view to complying with them, he may be sure that the judges will not disregard them. I personally know of instances where

this has proved the turningpoint in the decision.

Again, whoever enters a contest should have in mind mainly selfimprovement. As already stated, one who contests for anything is under bonds, so to speak, to do his best. But public

speaking, singing, and declamation are not arts, perfection in which can be attained in a night. Rather they imply slow growth,

gradual improvement. The powers brought into play need to be

subjected to a long course of under the best training—practice

criticism. Hence the contestant should possess his soul in patience. Hence, too, he should avail himself of the help of some

competent person where he lives. Or if there is no one accessible, perhaps the necessary information may be procured from

books. In this way Evan Stephens learned music. I know a

man, now one of our best singers, who used to go along the street singing the scale with his fingers for the bars. There are many

good books nowadays on the art of storytelling and public speaking. No one need be discouraged. Work, intelligently directed,

will accomplish wonders. They say that O. F. Whitney got a

good deal of practice preaching to the canyon stream, the rocks, is said to have and the brush on its banks, just as Patrick Henry practiced on the cows and the horses in his father's barn.

Sons and daughters of the "Mormon"pioneers, to adapt an eloquent word of David Starr Jordan's, yours is the best blood of the realm! The cleanliness of your lives, the fresh air of our

mountains, and the hard exercise of brain and brawn throw open before you illimitable possibilities. What will you do with your

powers? How will you reach the end of the vista? One of our

best public speakers told me once that when he was a young man he had great dreams of a public ministry in the "Mormon"Church where the gospel would be preached by the gift of eloquence, dignified, stately, and powerful; and he never lost track of this ideal.

high ideal and an ambition to reach it! No That is the thing—a

wonder he became, in Mr. Brvan's phrase, one of the five or six

great orators in America! What do you want to be—a singer?

What Put yourself in touch with the fine spirit of the Association.

do you want to be—a storyteller? Put your soul into this work

under circumstances where the best in you will be brought out.

What do you want to be—an orator? Enter these contests where

is you will get the stimulus of work and inspiration. For there

the widest field for high development in art.

! Realize Dream! Work

(The next article under this title will treat on "StoryTelling.")

STAKE SUPERINTENDENTS Y. M- M- I- A.

Top row: Truman C. Barlow, Bingham stake, Idaho; John A.

Aylett, Jordan stake; John R. Rampton, South David stake; second

row: J. C. Larsen, Jr., Benson stake; John D. Giles, Ensign stake,

Utah; C. W. Hall, Malad stake, Idaho; bottom row: Wm. Leslie,

Thompson, Millard stake; J. H. McKnight, Juab stake, Utah.

M. I. A. Scouts

THE M. I. A. SCOUTS AFFILIATE WITH THE NATIONAL ORGANIZATION OF THE BOY SCOUTS OF AMERICA.

The scout movement was begun by men anxious that the boys of America should come under influence that would build them up in all that goes to make character and good citizenship. Since its inauguration it

has swept many countries like a great tidal wave. Nowhere

has this movement met with more cordial welcome than in the western United States.

The M. I. A. Scouts are now

affiliated with the National Scouts of America, and are to be congratulated upon such affliation with this great organization. At the'same time,

the Boy Scouts of America have been augmented by this affliation in a very unusual manner, considering the large number and character of the DR. JOHN H. TAYLOR

M. I. A. Scout Commissioner. scouts organized under the

Y. M. M. I. A.

Negotiations were taken up with Mr. S. A. Moffatt. field

secretary of the National organization who visited Salt Lake on January 7 and 8 of this year. Mr. Moffatt, after a long conference with the representatives of the M. I. A. Scouts, and a

careful investigation of the conditions, cordially urged that steps be immediately taken to affiliate with the National organization, assuring the M. I. A. representatives that everything possible

would be done to make this affiliation effective and agreeable.

Soon after, correspondence was taken up with Mr. James

E. West, Chief Scout Executive, which finally resulted in affiliation. The correspondence is deemed of sufficient importance

to present it to the readers. Following is the letter to Mr. West

Salt Lake City Utah. March 24, 1913.

James E. West, Chief Scout Executive,

200 5th Ave. Nczv York City, N. Y.

Dear Sir: The Athletic Comittee of the General Board of the

Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations, to whom was referred the matter of affiliation of the M. I. A. Scouts with the National

organization of the Boy Scouts of America, after having carefully 113b IMPROVEMENT ERA

considered the question, and in view of the fact that we now have a complete organization covering all the activities of our young people, and wishing to preserve, as far as possible, this organization in carrying on our Scout work, presented the following resolution at the meeting of the General Board of the Y. M. M. I. A. held

March 5, 1913.

"Wheras, the officers of the Boy Scouts of America have invited the M. I. A. Scout's to affiliate with the National Organization, be it

Resolved: That we apply for affiliation on the following conditions

1. That the Field man, appointed by the Geenral Board of the

Y. M. M. I. A., now, Dr. John H. Taylor, or his successors in

office, be granted a special scout comission by the National Council, with jurisdiction over all M. I. A. Scouts, and who shall report to the

National Executive Secretary concerning said M. I. A. Scouts.

2. That in cities where local councils are chartered, all M. I. A.

Scouts applying for promotion or rewards of merit shall be subject to said local council, with its specially appointed Scout Commissioner;

and that in all other respects the M. I. A. Scouts shall be under the

immediate control and direction of the said Special M. I. A. Scout

Comissioner.

(Signed) L. R. Martineau B. F. Grant

Hyrum M. Smith B. S. Hinckley

Oscar A. Kirkham John H. Taylor

This resolution was unanimously adopted by the General

Board, and the Athletic Committee was authorized to inform you of this action, and we trust that it will meet with your approval.

Please let us hear from you at your earliest convenience.

Sincerly yours, L. R. Martineau

Chairman Committee on Athletics,

Field Sports and Outdoor Activities.

Attest Moroni Snow, General Secretary.

New York City, May 3, 1913.

Mr. L. R. Martineau,

Young Men's Mutual Improvement Ass'n, 2022 Bishops Bldg., Salt Lake City, Utah.

My Dear Mr. Martineau: It gives me great pleasure to tell you

that at the last meeting of our Executive Board, held yesterday, the first since your letter of March 24th reached us, it was unanimously agreed to commission Dr. John H. Taylor, as recommended by the

Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association, and to have the affiliation of the M. I. A. Scouts with the Boy Scouts of America take place

in accordance with the resolutions adopted at the meeting held March 15th.

Personally, if gives me great pleasure, as executive official of the Boy Scouts of America, to welcome through you all of those whowill actively take up Scout work under this new plan. *****

Sincerely yours, James E. West

Chief Scout Executive.

Church School Department The Spirit of Church Education

BY JOHN JOHNSON

It is marvelous to me when I contemplate the educational ambitions of the Latterday Saints. Surely they demonstrate in

their lives a firm belief in their doctrine that "The Glory of God is Intelligence."How my heart swells with pride when I think

of our great institutions of learning! Not great in the magnificence

of their buildings, not rich in the grandeur of their surroundings, not perfect in the provision of the various modern equipments, but great and grand in the spirit of their teaching and in their power to make manhood. Think of the influence for good that can be

wielded by the ten thousand students of our Church schools! Contemplate the power of the living example of the many men and

women who are directly and indirectly engaged as teachers of the youth in our academies, colleges, and universities, where the pure principles of truth are taught in all the subjects of the curriculum

They are men and women who testify their sincerity not by their great volume of pretentious speech, but by the righteousness of their everyday lives. They are teachers who pray for the progress

of their students, and plead for strength of character. Example

rather than precept is the keynote of their teaching. The use of

tobacco and strong drink does not make their bodies unfit for the abode of God's Spirit, which dwells only in clean tabernacles.

These examples of pure living on the part of those who teach cannot but have a wholesome and inspiring influence upon the lives of those who are taught.

Education does not stand today for what it used to mean. It

was once believed that true learning consisted in the accumulation of a vast store of mere knowledgegetting was the ultifacts—that

mate aim of all scholastic training. Belief in this theory is fast

dying away. According to the more modern educational standard,

a man's edcuation is measured not so much by what he knows as so much by what he can sayby what he can do and do well,—not

as by the influence for good he wields by what he says. Many

socalled great educators do not inspire their students with a love for noble living; a desire to eschew evil; to labor unselfishly for

the general uplift of humanity; to build for themselves an enduring character, to live for the good they can do.

"We live in deeds, not years; in thoughts, not breaths; in

heartfeelings, not in figures on a deal. We should count time by

beats. He lives most who thinks most, feels the noblest, acts the

1 13 IMPROVEMENT ERA

best. He whose heart beats quickest lives the longest, lives in one

hour more than in years do some."

It has been my privilege during the past three months while traveling through the islands of New Zealand to meet a number of leading educators of the colony, and to exchange thoughts with them on prevailing systems of education. A number of them have

manifested a kindly interest in the attempts of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints to educate the Maoris. I have taken

a humble pride in comparing our educational spirit with theirs, and it is my judgment that we have not suffered by the comparison.

The eyes of many people are upon our college. They are

watching anxiously for the outcome. Some are liberal enough to

hope that the school will succeed in the accomplishment of its mission, while others are doubtless praying that it maybe a failure.

I am thinking now of President Smith's parting words to me, in which he said "Brother Johnson, go to New Zealand and teach a good school.

Take into it the same spirit that prevails in our schools at home. You

cannot hope to compete with the large colleges in the number and size of buildings, in strength of furnishings and equipment, nor in the number of professors, but you can make up for all of these by the presence and power of the Spirit of God. Do not depend upon large

appropriations of money, but look to God for guidance in all that you undertake to do."

These words of wisdom are sounding constantly in my ears.

We note with very great pleasure that there is a movement on foot to make provision for the better management and the strengthening of our Island Mission schools, by furnishing teachers who have had specific training for the work of teaching.

MAORI AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE. HASTINGS, NEW ZEALAND, JANUARY 25, 1913.

. **.- If- *$jji

&fr'<s! -9H *>-* H< "i *|P? ixf > "jtTi ft"*=r,.,-

Photo by Leland B. Anderson

A PIONEER BOX ELDER TREE, ON NINTH EAST ST., SALT LAKE CITY

William M. Stewart

"Who Walked the World with Soul Awake"

BY LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, M. A.

The State of Utah lost one of. its most highminded men

and efficient educators in the death of Doctor William M. Stewart, which occurred at Salt Lake City, June 26, 1913. For thirty

years, he took an active part in the development of the schools of Utah, and in urging the growth of the University of Utah.

During the period in which he lived, great voices brought great messages to the children of this commonwealth. There were

Doctor John R. Park, Karl G. Maeser, Rufus Cobb, Orson Howard, Joseph B. Toronto, George M. Ottinger, F. D. Benedict, T.

B. Lewis, and a host of others, who influenced the entire peoph

of Utah to great ideals intellectually and morally. As Utah

had great educators in her early days, so has she today, and Doctor William M. Stewart stood out among them all as a man who

had but one great ideal, and that was to have education expressed in useful daily action for the betterment of the individual and humanity. His personality has been a commanding one, and

his influence has been potent in bringing about a high standard of education throughout the state. He was known far and wide

for his love of children, and he might well be designated as the

Colonel Parker of the West.

Professor Stewart was a selfmade man. Born of humble

parentage in the little town of Draper, Salt Lake County, in 1859, he inherited from his parents a love for learning, and while a boy, he herded cows on the hill side, and communed with nature.

It was while roaming through the vales of the mountains that he became imbued with theknowledge of the eternal laws that govern growth and maturity, and to him in after life, the great wide world of trees and flowers, rocks and hills, streams and lakes was the most beautiful school room of all. How often has he

told his pupils that the lesson of the following day would be told out under the trees! He milked cows, went into the mountains

for wood, and during his entire boyhood, he grew with nature.

In 1867, Dr. John R. Park opened a school at Draper, and

in a few months, he was known far and wide. From Dr. Park,

Professor Stewart obtained his first training in books, and received at that time an inspiration that lasted him well through 1140 IMPROVEMENT ERA

life. One of the thoughts, which all the boys and girls were

taught to recite daily was: "Lose no time; be always employed

in something useful; cut off all unnecessary action."Dr. Park

graded his school, and established a library, which was used by all the people of the village. A literary society was organized, and

in this, Professor Stewart took an active part, and obtained his first experience in executive work as its president. At twelve

years of age, he was again at the head of a library and debating society in his native town, and at this early age, he seemed to invite his adversaries to argument, and even at times, sallied forth to meet them. In 1883, he was graduated from the normal and

classical departments of the University of Deseret, and the following autumn, became principal of the school in Draper, and taught in the very room where he had been under the training of Dr.

Park. His school was known throughout Salt Lake and Utah

counties; in fact its fame spread throughout the Territory. Having a wonderful influence over the children of the little village,

he was instrumental in organizing a large literary society, and in his little school was to be found a good library which was used by both old and young alike in the village. As Dr. Park had

introduced military drill and tactics in his school, some fourteen years before, so Professor Stewart had his boys organized into military companies for drill, and the girls were taught domestic science by the women of the ward Relief Society. In fact it has

been said that his school at Draper was the equal of Dr. Park's,

and had no superior in the Territory.

In 1885, Professor Stewart was elected County Superintendent of Schools of Salt Lake County, which at that time included the schools of Salt Lake. He was also principal of the Nineteenth

Ward school which at that time was considered one of the best in the city. As in Draper, so in this school, literary and debating

clubs were organized, and a good library established. In the

county, he did exceptional work in organizing the teachers into a society for the purpose of holding institutes and keeping abreast of the times. It is interesting to note the varied program of one

of the institutes in those days. The following announcement appeared in the Salt Lake Herald, May 26, 1885:

Teachers'Convention.—The teachers of Salt Lake County have

arranged to hold a two days'session on the 19th and 20th of June, as most of the schools will be closed for summer vacation by that time, and the teachers will be at liberty to attend. The following is the

program of exercises which will be rendered:

FRIDAY, FIRST DAY.

1—An opening address, by Prof. T. B. Lewis. 2—A duet by Misses Kate and Clara Snedaker.

3—How to read a picture, by Prof. G. M. Ottinger.

PROF. WILLIAM M. STEWART

4—Recitation by Miss Sadie Tripp. 5—Primary class exercise, by Mrs. C. F. Wilcox.

On Friday evening, Bishop O. F. Whitney will deliver a lecture

entitled, "What is Education?"in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly

Hall, to begin at 8 o'clock.

SATURDAY, SECOND DAY.

1—A lecture on psychology by Dr. J. R. Park. 2—A male quartet, by A. S. Geddes, R. S. Home, J. B. Stewart,

A. M.3—AWoolley.lecture on chemistry, by Prof. Jos. T. Kingsbury.

the paper, by Sondra Sanders. Contributors: Charles A—ReadingF. Wilcox, D. R. Allen, Miss Rachel Edwards, Miss Emma Finch.

1142 IMPROVEMENT ERA 5—A recitation, by Miss Nellie Ripley. 6—Individuality, by William M. Stewart.

After the conclusion of the exercises on Saturday, the 20th, the teachers intend spending the afternoon at Calder's Farm.

The teachers of Utah County are cordially invited to attend, as are all friends of education.

Meetings to commence at 10 a. m., sharp.

J. B. Moreton,

Secretary Program Committee.

Professor Stewart became a member of the National Educational association at this time, and attended a number of its meetings in eastern cities. He was twice elected to the office of

THE OLD DR. JOHN R. PARK SCHOOLHOUSE, DRAPER, UTAH, 1868

county superintendent, and in 1886, was made a regent of the

University of Deseret.

It was in 1888, that Professor Stewart was placed at the head of the Normal School of the University, which position he held until his death. With a tremendous enthusiasm and a love for

children and child psychology, he began the work of building one of the most noted Normal schools in the West. He studied

the needs of the people of Utah, with a view of adapting educational theory to their best needs. While intensely idealistic,

he was utilitarian to the highest degree. He wished every boy

and girl educated to some useful vocation in life. His sole aim

was to make education efficient, and to develop the moral virtues

WILLIAM M. STEWART 1143

in man. He held the Aristotelian theory that "All knowledge is

virtue,"but his approach to learning was on the side of practical education. He maintained always that the students and

teachers of the University should be of service to the State, and that the University should be taken to the homes of all the people and made a source of information in all practical affairs, economic, civic, and ethical. He had, for this reason, a heart and head

for the value of compromise and conciliation. But compromise

with him never became a matter of injustice, because of the purity of his character, the nobility of his purpose, and the generous love which he had for his students.

During the season of 1899, Professor Stewart did post graduate work at the University of Chicago and some of his papers received marked recognition by the University men. Dr. Dewey,

the psychologist, as well as Colonel Parker, held him in a high regard of friendship. In 1907, the University of Utah conferred

on him the honorary degree of Doctor of Didactics, a title which he earned by his hard and conscientious work in the pedagogical sciences. As a lecturer, Professor Stewart became known far

and wide in the State. He chose those subjects that pertained to

the proper education and rearing of the boys and girls. He had

a wonderful knowledge of child psychology, obtained not so much from books as from personal observation. He lived a beautiful

home life, and was ever the constant companion of his wife and children. Always retaining his natural simplicity, he drew people

to him in love; his enthusiasm for his work was unbounded, and

his kind, rich soul radiated for his students and friends, which will always be a source of inspiration to them in days to come.

He expressed his love for God in human service, 'and one time, when asked what his ethical ideal was in reference to life's work, he recited "The Builders,"by Longfellow. The poem is an

expression of what Professor Stewart held to be best in life:

All are architects of Fate, Working in these walls of time;

Some with massive deeds and great,

Some with ornaments of rhyme.

Nothing useless is, or low;

Each thing in its place is best;

And what seems but idle show Strengthens and supports the rest.

For the structure that we raise,

Time is with materials filled;

Our todays and yesterdays Are the blocks with which we build.

Truly shape and fashion these;

Leave no yawning gaps between;

Think not because no man sees,

Such things will remain unseen.

1144 IMPROVEMENT ERA

In the elder days of Art.

Builders wrought with greatest care

Each minute and unseen part;

For the gods see everywhere.

Let us do our work as well, Both the unseen and the seen;

Make the house, where gods may dwell,

Beautiful, entire, and clean.

Else our lives are incomplete,

Standing in these walls of Time,

Broken stairways, where the feet

Stumble as they seek to climb.

Build today, then, strong and sure,

With a firm and ample base;

And ascending and secure Shall tomorrow find its place.

Thus alone can we attain To those turrets, where the eye

Sees the world as one vast plain,

And one boundless reach of sky.

In Unison

I'm glad to know the flowers blow

In a thousand vales today, And the selfsame breeze that sighs o'er these

Hath kissed them on their way.

Each blossombed doth perfume shed

For unnumbered guests today.

'Tis joy to know, the rosy glow

Which has touched my soul today,

Hath shed the beam of its hopeful gleam

O'er yours in the same kind way.

Like a happy child doth my heart beat wild,

With a host of hearts today!

'Tis wealth to feel as I reverent kneel. In my quiet room to pray,

While they lowly bend, purest thoughts ascend

From a multitude today.

And the God above who is God of Love

Guides each on Truth's fair way!

HONOLULU, H. T. MlNNIE IVERSON.

ELDER HYRUM M. SMITH

As he appeared in 1895-8 when on his first mission to Great Britain. Elder

Smith was born March 21, 1872, became a member of the Council of

Twelve Apostles, October 24, 1901, and was chosen to preside over the

European Mission, August 14, 1913.

The University of Utah

BY DR. J. T. KINGSBURY, PRESIDENT

[In answer to questions received, relating to the University of

Utah, its mission and aims, and especially its facilities for giving vocational and classical training, this article was solicited as information for young people seeking a college education. Editors.]

The University of Utah, established in 1850 by the pioneers, is the leading, higher educational institution of the state. It was

established for the whole people of the state, and it belongs to no part of the state, and to no class of people of the state. It belongs

to the whole state, and to all the people of the state. Its work is

eminently practical, preparing people for all the walks of life.

In the Arts and Science School, the University prepares young men and young women for good citizenship, to see life in its broadest and noblest aspects, and for life's greatest and grandest work, that of service to one's fellow man. It gives a

preparation for a business life and lays a broad foundation for the various professions in life.

In the School of Mines, it gives special instruction for preparation in mining engineering, mechanical engineering, civil engineering, electrical engineering, chemical engineering, irrigation engineering, and general engineering.

In the School of Education, it gives instruction for the preparation of teachers in all the departments of the public schools.

It gives instruction in agriculture for the preparation of agricultural teachers in all the grades. It gives instruction in domestic

science, domestic art, manual training and other industries for the preparation of teachers in these subjects. It cooperates with the

Agricultural College in the preparation of teachers in agriculture for the high schools of the state. In fact, its business in the

School of Education is to prepare teachers in all subjects authorized by law for the public schools of the state.

In the School of Law, it gives a complete course for which a degree in law is given.

In the School of Medicine, the University offers the first two years of a complete course in medicine, and the best medical schools in the United States accept the work herein accomplished.

The Engineering department of the United States government accepts the graduates from the Mining School into its service without examination. All the work of the University is

accepted by the leading universities of the country.

Young men and voting women from all vocations in life come

THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH 1147

to the University of Utah for an education. That it is eminently

democratic in its clientage is shown by the fact that at least twenty per cent of its students are paying their own way through the institution entirely, and at least seventyfive per cent are meeting their expenses while in the institution, either wholly or in part.

The University of Utah is now making rapid progress, and it is without doubt the greatest factor in the state for material welfare as well as for moral and intellectual advancement. Its

work is favorably recognized throughout the entire country.

As the University belongs to all the people of the state, every citizen of Utah should be proud of its attainments and give it his strongest and warmest support. No young man or young woman

need go outside of the state for a college education in any of the courses offered in the schools of the University; for, all the work

given in the University is up to standard. Besides, Utah young

men and young women intending to locate in Utah will do better by getting their education at home and thereby becoming widely acquainted in their own state through meeting students from all parts of the state; for, the more widely acquainted any one is in

his own state, the more chances he will have to do well in whatever vocation that he may decide to follow.

East Washington Conference, March 27, 1913: Back row: Glynn

Bennion, Vernon, Utah; F. G. Carlile, Heber City, Utah; second row:

J. W. Stott, Cardston, Canada; Joseph E. Bitter, Beaver Dam, Utah;

B

F -* *. 7fS wflH

.—*** K V 7 OB

< m% w * '"H B "* *7H 1 fm mm

Geo. C. Wood, Woods Cross, Utah; Earl Morgan, Layton, Utah; P. M.

V. Anderson, Ephraim, Utah; front row: N. P. Nielsen, Jr., Logan,

Utah; R. L. Hunter, Cedar City, Utah; M. J. Ballard, Mission President; V. L. Hansen, Conference President, Fielding, Utah; Nellie

Buckwalter, American Fork, Utah; M. B. Lovell, Eureka, Utah

Editors'Table

A Warning Voice

To the Officers and Members of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints:

From the clays of Hiram Page (Doc. and Cov., Sec. 28), at

different periods there have been manifestations from delusive spirits to members of the Church. Sometimes these have come

to the men and women who because of transgression became easy prey to the ArchDeceiver. At other times people who pride

themselves on their strict observance of the rules and ordinances and ceremonies of the Church are led astray by false spirits, who exercise an influence so imitative of that which proceeds from a

Divine source that even these persons, who think they are "the very elect,"find it difficult to discern the essential difference.

Satan himself has transformed himself to be apparently "an angel of light."When visions, dreams, tongues, prophecy, impressions or any extraordinary gift or inspiration, convey something out of harmony with the accepted revelations of the Church or contrary to the decisions of its constituted authorities, Latterday Saints may know that it is not of God, no matter how plausible it may appear.

Also, they should understand that directions for the guidance of the Church will come, by revelation, through the head. All faithful members are entitled to the inspiration of the Holy Spirit for

themselves, their families, and for those over whom they are appointed and ordained to preside. But anything at discord with

that which comes from God through the head of the Church is not to be received as authoritative or reliable. In secular as well

as spiritual affairs, Saints may receive Divine guidance and revelation affecting themselves, but this does not convey authority to direct others, and is not to be accepted when contrary to Church covenants, doctrine or discipline, or to known facts, demonstrated truths, or good common sense. No person has the right to induce

his fellow members of the Church to engage in speculations or

EDITORS'TABLE llfc

take stock in ventures of any kind on the specious claim of Divine revelation, or vision, or dream, especially when it is in opposition to the voice of recognized authority, local or general. The Lord's

Church "is a house of order."It is not governed by individual

gifts or manifestations, but by the order and power of the Holy

Priesthood as sustained by the voice and vote of the Church in its appointed conferences.

The history of the Church records many pretended revelations claimed by imposters or zealots who believed in the manifestations they sought to lead other persons to accept, and in every instance, disappointment, sorrow and disaster have resulted therefrom. Financial loss and sometimes utter ruin have followed.

We feel it our duty to warn the Latterday Saints against fake mining schemes which have no warrant for success beyond the professed spiritual manifestations of their projectors and the influence gained over the excited minds of their victims. We caution the Saints against investing money or property in shares of

stock which bring no profit to anyone but those who issue and trade in them. Fanciful schemes to make money for the alleged

purpose of "redeeming Zion"or providing means for "the salvation of the dead"or other seemingly worthy objects, should'not deceive anyone acquainted with the order of the Church, and will result only in waste of time and labor, which might be devoted now to doing something tangible and worthy and of record on earth and in heaven.

Be not led by any spirit or influence that discredits established authority and contradicts true scientific principles and discoveries, or leads away from the direct revelations of God for the government of the Church. The Holy Ghost does not contradict its own

revealings. Truth is always harmonious with itself. Piety is

often the cloak of error. The counsels of the Lord through the

channel he has appointed will be followed with safety, therefore,! ye Latterday Saints, profit by these words of warning.O

Joseph F. Smith,

Anthon H. Lund,

Charles W. Penrose,

First Presidency.

1150 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Temple Site in Canada Dedicated

President Joseph F. Smith and party, consisting of Elders

Charles W. Penrose of the First Presidency, George A. Smith of

the Quorum of Twelve Apostles, and Charles W. Nibley, Presiding Bishop of the Church, with a number of Salt Lake associates,

visited Alberta stake, Canada, recently, attended the quarterly conference there, and dedicated the site for the new Temple to be erected in Cardston.. The regular quarterly conference was advanced three weeks and held during their stay in the country.

Services were held on Sunday, July 27, at 10, 2, and 7:30 o'clock.

The tabernacle was taxed to its utmost capacity, and the services were inspiring.

After the morning session, the visiting brethren, with the stake authorities of the north, visited the Temple grounds a short distance from the center of the city, on an elevation upon which the Tabernacle now stands, which is of easy access, and selected a site for the Temple. The afternoon session in the Tabernacle

was addressed by Mrs. Elizabeth McCune, of the Relief Society,

and by President Charles W. Penrose and President Joseph F.

Smith. At the conclusion of the services, the visiting officials,

Stake President E. J. Wood and counselors, and others, accompanied by the choir, proceeded to the site of the proposed Temple

and held short services. Prayer was offered by President Charles

W. Penrose, after which President Smith dedicated the land to

the Lord for the holy purpose of having a Temple erected upon it to

His name. A short address was given by Bishop Charles W. Nibley,

who stated that the Church by this action is taking a step which would mark an epoch in the history of "Mormonism"in Canada.

Elder George A. Smith offered the closing prayer, and the choir

sang a hymn. An evening meeting was held at which a number

of the visiting and local brethren spoke. The Era in this number

presents a view of the architects'drawing of the proposed Temple.

PRESIDENT JOSEPH F. SMITHES DEDICATORY PRAYER

Holy Father, the giver of every good and perfect gift; the

Father of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, and of our spirits, to whom we look for every blessing, for salvation, for redemption from sin, and for the resurrection of our bodies to immortality and

EDITORS'TABLE Hal

eternal life. Thou who requirest thy children to prepare themselves through obedience to thy word, which is thy law, for the

mansions held in reserve for those who are faithful in keeping thy commandments, and their holy covenants with each other; unto

thee, O Lord, we come at this hour and place, with our hearts full of gratitude for the many blessings we here enjoy. We are

thankful that we have had the opportunity to become members of the Church of Jesus Christ in this day. We have met here this

afternoon on this ground, which we have designated, to set it apart as a suitable place upon which to erect a temple to thy holy name, a place in which holy ordinances may be performed for the living and for the redemption of the dead.

We thank thee, Holy Father, that thou hast revealed to us the desires of those who have passed beyond the veil without a knowledge of the truth, to have ordinances performed for them, without which they could not enter into thy mansions with thee, and which thou hast made necessary to share thy glory. We are

grateful that thou hast intrusted to us the care of the endowments, ordinations, and sealings for the dead; even the sealings of husbands and wives, and the sealing of children to their parents who

have passed beyond the veil. We thank thee for the privilege we

have to build a temple in this goodly land, under the protection of this stable government. We appreciate the temples we already

have, where sacred ordinances are being performed, both for the. living and for the dead.

able to carry out thy We pray, Holy Father, that we may be plans, and fulfil thy laws and requirements in building this, another house unto thee, wherein thy Holy Spirit may dwell, also, the power of thy presence may be felt by those who administer and by those administered unto; that all things may be done according to thy requirements; and that all who enter may have in

their hearts the love of God, the love of neighbor, and of mankind, and that they may be instrumental in thy hands for the redemption of the dead and the saving of souls from sin and death.

Holy Father, we are grateful for all the sacred ordinances of thy house which thou hast given us, both for the dead and also for the living who may go into thy temples to perform ordinances necessary to the uniting together, under the bond of the everlasting covenant, fathers and mothers, children and parents, into a whole and complete and perfect union, a welding together, not only of the kindreds of the earth, but also of the dispensations, keys, powers and glories which thou hast revealed through thy for servant the Prophet in these latter days. We are grateful

these glorious doctrines and for these ordinances which belong to these sacred temples which thou hast commanded us to build to thy holy name.

1152 IMPROVEMENT ERA

And now, Holy Father, we have designated this piece of ground on which to build another temple unto thy name, for the benefit of thy people, and those who have departed this life who are in need, and shall prove worthy of the privileges and blessings

Father, this plot of ground, and makeof the gospel; sanctify—O

it holy before thee. Fill those who walk upon it with the Spirit

of Divine love. May they feel that they are walking on holy

ground, and when the temple shall be completed, cause that those who enter it may be constrained to do so with clean hands and pure hearts, desiring above all other things the salvation of souls and may all that is done therein be done unto the honor and glory of thy name. May thy people learn to reverence that which is

sacred, and revere that which is holy, and may they be endowed with the spirit of searching the records that they may do the necessary work for their dead.

And in the erection of this building, which shall be built for the worship of God and for the benefit of thy children, may everything be done in wisdom; may nothing be left undone that should

be done. May no one be hurt or receive any injury. May perfect knowledge be ever uppermost in the minds of those who labor

in or upon the building, to do their whole duty, bearing in mind always the sacred object and purpose of their work.

Holy Father, hear us, we pray, for we now set apart this ground, and dedicate it, and all that pertains to it, unto thee for the purpose of building thereon a House which shall be called the

House of God, for the sole use and good of thy people, both the living and dead.

And we do it in the name of thy Son Jesus Christ, and by virtue and authority of the holy priesthood. Therefore, accept

of this dedication, sanctify this ground, the work which shall be performed, and the building that shall be reared hereon, we ask it in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Comments on "The Educator"

To those of our readers who are interested in poetry and its mission, and all should be, we commend the leading article in this number, by Elder Orson F. Whitney, as one that will throw a clear

light upon the subject. In the August number we printed Elder

Whitney's excellent poem, "The Educator,"written in honor of the

N. E. A. convention at Salt Lake City. The poem has received

much favorable comment wherever read, and a number of literary

EDITORS'TABLE 1153

people and teachers have congratulated the distinguished author upon its merits.

President Joseph F. Smith says: "It is multum in parvo."

Dr. Guy Carlton Lee, President of the National Society for

Broader Education, Pa., writes: "It is powerful, and of great power

for good. * * * * You strike several notes whose warning

should ring in the ears of some of those who today are offering incense unto atheism. Your poem wins my most hearty approval."

Dr. John A. Widtsoe, of the Utah State Agricultural College: "I

congratulate you sincerely upon the poetic fervor and strength that it possesses, and the manner in which you have been able to concentrate the great underlying principles of education in the beautiful poetic form. It would be a most excellent thing for the cause of education

if every teacher in the state were obliged to read and memorize the poem, for the vanity of the class is pointed out just as clearly as is its vast power for good. I should be tempted to rebaptize the poem

and call it 'The Teacher's Code,'and to use it as such in the Normal

School. * * * I am glad to know that the heavy routine work of

your life does not make it wholly impossible for you to exercise your great literary gifts."

J. M. Sjodahl, editor of the Deseret Nezvs: "An exceptional privilege was granted to Utah's most gifted poet, Mr. Orson F. Whitney,

when he composed the poem, 'The Educator.'* * * * One of the

strong points in this poem is the high ideal it offers for the true educator. The concrete images which his poem creates in the minds of

the receptive readers are equaled by the consistency of thought?nd

expression. Totally lacking are all the rhymster's tricks. The heart

and intelligence of a true poet throb in the lines. 'The Educator'is

undoubtedly a valuable addition to the poetic literature of our Country. It is a genuine poem both in form and thought."

Elder B. H. Roberts writes: "You must permit me to say that

in this last production you have quite surpassed all your former achievements, save only, perhaps, your great work, 'Elias,'which still remains, and may always remain, your masterpiece. But this new

production, 'The Educator,'I want to thank you for it; for the lofty

ideals it presents of the teacher and the teacher's vocation. For the

scorn it breathes of the pseudoteacher * * * I thank you for the terrible lashing you give the false teacher. I thank you for the

thought that there is oneness in creation and education—union between Creator and Educator. * * * I admire the form of the poem

as well as its content; the music of the lines as well as the thought

expressed. * * * It is a joy to think that when our Nation's educators came to Utah, and to Salt Lake City, to discuss the great and

important problems of education, they were greeted by you with a poem that sets forth in such lofty strains such conceptions of the

Educator and Education. I rejoice in your great achievement."

1154 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Messages from the Missions

This is a portrait of Elder George

B. Davis who, under the direction of

President Ben E. Rich of the Eastern

States Mission, has been giving illustrated lectures in the New England slates on the important subject, "The

Rise and Progress of 'Mormonism.'"

His collection contains many'pictures of interest, among which are the interior of the great Salt Lake Temple.

The machine and slides were purchased by the elders of the Eastern

States Mission, to whom much credit is due for giving President Rich their loyal support in making this lecture course a grand success.

Elder Louis Cole, Wilmington, North Carolina, May 24: "We enjoy

orr mission and have traveled the past three months preaching to the people at their homes and in some churches, with a good attendance at all our meetings. We have made many

friends and have allayed some prejudice. We held cottage meetings where people had never heard the

elders before, and they invited us to come again. The ministers of

Wilmington are holding street meetings on Sunday as the people do not attend Church very well. We have one healing to report. An old

lady who had not walked for more than a year and whom the doctors said could not be helped, heard that the elders of the Church were in the city and sent for us. We administered to her, and the Lord answered our prayers, and the following morning she was able to walk.

She has remained well since. The Saints in Wilmington are buying a

lot to build a church."

Hyrum J. Richards and Hugh S. Fackrell, Buckvalley, Pa., June 4:

"We have traveled without purse or scrip for the past three weeks, in the country districts. The people were bitterly oposed to what they

understood to be 'Mormonism,'owing to slanderous reports circulated by anti-'Mormons.'Frequently we were compelled to ask many times

before securing entertainment, but in every case where the Lord prepared the hearts of the people to entertain us, we feel that much good was done. We worked our way up the country to Tomstown where

we met President D. Rolla Harris and held a very successful conference of the Fairview Branch of the Church. We are proud of the

work being done in the West Pennsylvania Conference and are confident that our travel without money has given us a better opportunity to show our devotion to the cause of God."

"In November, 1912, the Church granted the elders in the Birmingham Conference, England, permission to erect a meeting house.

This new Birmingham chapel was dedicated Sunday evening, December 1, 1912, on which occasion some 450 people,—elders, Saints, investigators and strangers listened to the exercises. This chapel in BirEDITORS'TABLE 1155

mingham is the only house in England erected by the Latterday

Saints, the others owned in England having come to them as completed structures. The chapel is of pressed red brick, beautiful in

design, the assembly room being thirty by sixty feet, inside measurements, furnished with four hundred comfortable chairs, a neat pulpit and stand. The vestry is fourteen by twentysix feet, having a seating

capacity of seventy people. The baptismal font is installed in the

vestry under the floor. The building is lighted by electricity and

heated by a hot water system. Connected with this valuable property

is a parsonage or home for the elders consisting of nine comfortable rooms with bath, kitchen and numerous closets. Since its dedication

on December 1, 1912, more strangers have come out to meetings than ever before, and in spite of the onslaughts of our enemies we have

more friends in this city than we have had for a number of years past.

The picture herewith presented is one taken of the building and elders the day before the dedicatory services. Elders, left to right, front row:

David H. Cannon, Conference clerk; Mrs. Albert T. Smith, Albert T.

Smith, retiring president of the Birmingham Conference; Presidentt->j /-1 -r j.1. - -c TV/r:,-: D.-o; Q,i + AWnrc, Q Taw

rtltn row: /\. J. operry, vvuiuiu jxccuci, xsaa. vvw/u.

"The following picture represents the elders attending Conference

Presidents'Convention, March, 1913. Elders, rear row, left to right:

1156 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Peter S. Condie, Cyril Duffin, Wm. H. Stayner, Wilford W. Rich,

Samuel H. Cornaby, Lafayette Jackson, Milton Jacob; front row: John

F. Olsen, Thomas E. Briggs, Warren S. Tew, Rudger Clawson, E.

Taft Benson, Hugh Ireland, Associate Editor of the Star, Melvin J.

Benson; sitting: Thomas E. Winegar, and Amos R. Cook."

Judge C. M. Nielsen was the orator at the American celebration of

the Fourth of July in Christiania. Verdens Gang of July 5th gives a

short synopsis of the speech and a little biographical sketch of Judge

Nielsen. They say Judge Nielsen gave a very interesting oration

which was made specially attractive by his melodious accent. The

oration held the people interested from beginning to end. The judge

compared the national condition of the Americans in the Revolution of 1776 with the great work of the Norwegians in 1814. The same

spirit animated the Norwegians that was manifested by Americans in the Revolutionary War.

Elder Levi Anderson, Minneapolis, Minn., May 31: "The people

here are taking a great interest in 'Mormonism'both for and against.

About twenty denominations, representing two hundred individual churches are studying 'Mormonism'from the same text, a book entitled 'Mormonism, the Islam of America,'written by Bruce Kinney, former superintendent of Baptist missions in Utah. We have held

splendid openair meetings, of late, with from two hundred to five hundred listeners, many of whom are studying the truth from our books. The Twin City branch has a large attendance at the regular

services. We have had several baptisms lately and have bright prospects for the future."

PriesthoodlQuorums'aTable

Make a Good Beginning. "When the ancients said a work well

begun was half done,"says Polybius, "they meant to impress the importance of always endeavoring to make a good beginning."This importance cannot be too much emphasized in relation to the classes in

Priesthood. Not a few Priesthood quorums throughout the Church,

when the busy summer season began, discontinued their meetings. By

so doing, those of these who began in January, 1913, have their courses of study only half completed. The rest of the work should be finished

Dec. 31, 1913, as the new text books are expected to be ready for distribution on or before that date. Though you began well last January, the work at best is only half done; the successful completion

depends upon a good beginning this fall.

A good beginning means that the officers sould first outline a definite policy for each respective quorum to pursue. They should

determine to do something, submit it to the quorum or meeting, and ask all to unite in its accomplishment. This something may be a concerted action to obtain an average attendance at meetings of at least

80%; or, the determination to have the quorum reported at the end

of the year as 100% observers of the Word of Wisdom, and every man a tithe payer. Associated with these may be several other worthy

objects, such as raising missionary funds; the appointing of committees to look after sick and needy families'of quorum members, and

visiting indifferent members; others, to devise educational entertainments to be given under the auspices of the quorum, etc., etc. Above

all, start out with the ideal in mind to have every man in the quorum prepared and ready to work in any position in the ward, stake, or missionary field to which authorities of the Church may call him. Then,

in the language of Carlyle, "Have a purpose, and having it, throw into your work such strength of mind and muscle as God has given you."

It is well for bishops and presidents to remember, too, that a good beginning in class interest depends, first, upon the choice of a good class leader. Choose an instructor who can give inspiration—one not

chosen for his ability to preach, but for his art of kindling thoughts in others'minds. "The teacher who is attempting to teach without inspiring the pupil with a desire to learn,"says Horace Mann, "is hammering on cold iron."The same fact is emphasized by another who

adds that, "The best teacher is one who suggests rather than dogmatizes, and inspires his listener with the wish to teach himself."Then,

search your ward for the best teachers. If you think you haven't any,

develop them as best you can.

Another adjunct to a successful beginning is for the bishop to name a definite time and place for the holding of the opening Priest1158 IMPROVEMENT ERA

hood meeting, and to give due publicity to it. All wideawake officers

know the value of legitimate advertising in Church work as in business.

Finally, brethren, get the spirit of the work at once. A halfcon-

verted, pessimistic officer will leaden the activity of a quorum any time.

On the other hand, a true wideawake, enthusiastic one renews the drooping spirits, and inspires all who come in contact with him. There

emanates from him something which enlivens and rejuvenates its energy, guided and enhanced by the Spirit of the Lord. Emerson

says, "The world belongs to the energetic."To such, most assuredly,

belong the successful Priesthood meetings, for the Lord blesses and guides the faithful, energetic worker. May we find such in this important work, which is, even as yet, only the beginning of the great

Priesthood movement.

David O. McKay.

Elder Alexander Brown, writing from St. Joseph, Missouri, July 3:

"The St. Joseph branch is flourishing, the elders and lady missionaries

are doing effective work among the citizens of the town. Four people

have been baptized during the past two months. There are others

who are on the way, some fifteen investigators having expressed themselves as being desirous of joining the Church. In our Sunday School

and hall meetings new faces are continually seen. In tracting we find

many who are willing to give us a hearing. Among this class of people the lady missionaries are doing a wonderful work, revisiting and

teaching the truths of the gospel. The workers are very much encouraged The elders and lady missionaries standing, left to right:

b t. Kimball, Raymond, Canada; Vilate Bennion, Vernal Utah- J H

Florence, Porterville; Clara E. Bone, Alexander Brown, Lehi; William

sitting: y 'bairview"Larsen, Rowena Tremonton, Utah: H. ABell,,. '?TDempsey, Idaho;: Petterson, May Ogden."

Mutual Work

Joint Convention Meeting, Y. M. and Y. L. M. I. A.

Tc Consider the Program for Contests Leading up to M. I. A. Day—

9:00 a. m.

The stake boards should have met jointly prior to this meeting and prepared a suggestive list of activities for contests leading up to M. I. A. Day, and rules governing same.

The first business is to consider their report and to decide definitely upon the work to be taken up in your stake.

ACTIVITIES TO BE TAKEN UP AT THE GENERAL JUNE

CONFERENCE.

In order to make clear to the officers what will be done in contest work at the June Conference, and so aid them in the selection of their own work, the following activities have been outlined by the General

Board, and will be taken up at the annual conference of the M. I. A.,

June, 1914:

I Retold Story—10 Minutes.

Points for judgment:

1. Selection.

2. Delivery.

a. Simple, earnest, direct.

b. Pronunciation and enunciation.

3. Get author's message and tell it in your own words.

4. Give proper value to the part's.

Note. See suggestive list of stories in Era and Journal.

II. Mixed Double Quartet. (See Era and Journal for title.)

a. Attack and release.

b. Reading and interpretation.

c. Phrasing and expression.

d. Blending and balance.

e. Tempo and pitch.

f. Tone quality.

g. Enunciation.

III. Orations. 10 minutes.

Points for judgment:

1. The idea.

2. The development.

a. Introduction.

1. Simple, direct, earnest, suggestive of material

to follow. b. Body. 1. Develop theme which should be persuasive

rather than merely matterof-fact.

c. Summary.

1. General conclusion taken from the body of oration.

d. Original.

1160 IMPROVEMENT ERA

1. No long quotations should he given.

2. Sincerity.

3. Delivery.

Note. See suggestive list of subjects in Era and Journal.

Note. Consult as models, orators such as Demosthenes, Lincoln, W>ebster, Woodrow Wilson, Sumner, Wendell Phillips,

Nicholas Murray Butler.

IV. Junior Boys'Chorus. (Six to eight members.)

1. "The Morning Breaks the Shadows Flee."—E. Stephens.

Music will be printed in the Era for the use of contestants.

V. Junior Girls'Chorus. (Six to eight members.)

Daynes. 1. "My Soul is Full of Peace and Love."—Jos. J. Music will be printedin the Young Woman's Journal.

Note. For points for judgment in IV and V, see regulations

governing mixed quartet, number II.

REGULATIONS FOR GENERAL CONTEST WORK.

1. The Church Districted.

In order to obviate overcrowded time at the general Church finals in June, the stakes of the Church have been grouped in sixteen districts for tryouts as follows:

District 1.—Taylor, Alberta.*

District 2.-—Big Horn.*

District 3.—Union.* District 4.—Yellowstone, Teton, Fremont, Rigby, Blackfoot,

Pocatello, Bingham.*

District 5.—Cassia.* District 6.—Star Valley, Bear Lake,* Bannock, Woodruff. District 7.—Oneida, Cache,* Hyrum, Benson.

District 8.—Malad, Box Elder, Bear River, Ogden,* No. Weber,

Weber, Morgan, Summit.

District 9.—Salt Lake,* No. Davis, So. Davis, Moapa, Pioneer,

Ensign, Liberty, Granite, Jordan, Tooele.

District 10.—Utah,* Alpine, Nebo, Wasatch, Emery, Carbon. District 11.—So. Sanpete, No. Sanpete, Wayne, Sevier,* Juab. District 12.—Beaver, Parowan,* Panguitch, Kanab, St. George,

Millard, Deseret.

District 13.—San Luis, Young,* San Juan.

District 14.—Maricopa,* St. Joseph.

District 15.—St. John,* Snowflake. District 16.—Uintah,* Duchesne.

*Note. The stake superintendents of the Y. M. and Y. L. M. I. A.

of the stakes starred will take the initiative in arranging for the district finals, by correspondence or otherwise, in their districts, following the same general plan governing the grand finals.

2. Rules for Entry.

Only winners in stake tryouts can enter for Church district tryouts. Only winners in Church districts will be eligible for entry for

finals in Salt Lake City, in June, 1914. All contestants must be active

members of the Mutual Improvement Associations.

3. Additional Contest Work.

The stakes that desire to add activities other than those named to be taken up in the June Conference, may engage in debates, declamations, instrumental music, vocal solos, duets, trios, etc., in tkeir

various stake contests, but the above outlines will be used in the general Church finals to be held in Salt Lake City, and will be judged according to the points suggested.

MUTUAL WORK 1161

Convention Program, Y. M. M. I. A.

Morning Session 10 o'clock.

I. How to Get 100% Efficiency Out of Stake and Ward Officers.

An address of not more than 15 minutes, covering the following points: 1. Weekly stake board meetings should be held at which there

should be a regular order of business. This order should include

reports of committees, consideration of instructions from the General

Board, and other items. Definite instructions and suggestions for

monthly stake and ward officers'meetings should be prepared.

2. A stake and ward officers'meeting should be held monthly,

and in this meeting a definite order of business should be followed.

Here also the work which was planned for the ward officers for the previous month, should be checked up, and where new ideas have been developed by the ward officers, these officers should receive commendation and encouragement. If there have been failures, the reasons for such failures should be stated; and if the officers have succeeded, they should be encouraged to tell how they succeeded. The

speaker is referred to Nephi Anderson's address on "FollowUp"in the August Era, for a further development of this subject.

The stake superintendency should also report and give their instructions for the following month. Each month has its specific

duties, and the duties that should be performed for the following month should be taken up. Stake officers are referred to Nicholas G.

Morgan's address in the August number of the Era for suggestions.

3. Ward officers'meetings should be held weekly. In these

meetings there should also be a regular order of business, and a checking up of the instructions decided upon at the previous meeting.

At this meeting also the instructions received from the stake officers should be reviewed and preparations made for their application. At

this meeting also preparation in every detail should be made for the next association meeting. When necessary the officers of the Young

Ladies'Association, and the bishop, should be consulted relative to important matters.

II. Something New for Junior Classes.

An address of not more than 15 minutes, to be given by the visiting member of the General Board, covering the following points:

1. A threeyears'course on the Development of Character in

three Manuals, entitled, "Courage,""Conduct,"and "Success."

2. First year's entrance open to boys fourteen years of age.

Recognition will be based on attendance (30 points), knowledge of the text (40 points), conduct (30 points). Passing mark, 75%.

3. At the successful completion of the first year each member

will be given an official pin. and at the close of the third year, a

diploma signed by a general officer on recommendation of the ward class leader and the president who will also sign.

III. The Y. M. M. I. A. Hand Book.

What it is and how to use it. Specific illustrations will be given

in an address of not more than ten minutes, by the visiting member of the General Board.

IV. Discussion and Questions.

All the topics should be treated before any discussion is held.

Afternoon Session—2 o'clock.

Membership Slogan.

The average enrollment of the Church population in the Y. M.

1162 IMPROVEMENT ERA

M. I. A. is eight out of every hundred. In order to increase this

average, the officers of the Y. M. M. I. A. should take for their slogan,

'The"Get 12% of the Church ward population into the Association.'

above topic wil be presented by the representative of the General

Board.

I. Winning the Boy.

An address of not more than 20 minutes, covering the following points: 1. To win the boy, plan well the program for the grand opening

of the year's work.

1. There is need of good class leaders who should possess the

spirit of the work and ability to lead and who must always be prepared and present'.

2. Keep the social spirit awake among the young people during

the entire year by providing folk dances, excursions, picnics, proper games, balls, dramatic, musical and other entertainments.

3. Prepare good preliminary and open night programs. For

suggestions see the outlines for the conjoint sessions and open nights in the Manual. The association should follow these suggestions

unless they have locally something better.

4. In all your activities and amusements cooperate with the

ward bishopric and the Young Ladies'Association.

5. Keep the public informed of your association activities by

advertising them in the newspapers, by bulletins, and by Sunday announcements.

6. Interest the boys in scout work and athletics. For suggestions in these activities see the Y. M. M. I. A. Hand Book.

7. Interest your committee on Vocations and Industries in the

activities of the boys.

8. Engage as many as possible in special intellectual activities,

such as debates, storytelling, instrumental and vocal music, readings, recitations and orations.

9. Appoint an energetic membership committee and set them to

work to interest the boys in attendance and active work in the associations.

II. Developing the Boy.

An address of not more than 20 minutes, covering the following 2. Every member of the class should have a copy of the Manual

and be encouraged to prepare his lesson.

3. The meeting place of the organization should be clean, welllighted, heated and ventilated. The young people should be taught

proper reverence for their places of meeting.

4. The officers should be prompt and punctual in attendance, and

in opening and closing the meetings.

5. The officers should give special attention to safeguarding

the class period, so that the time allotted to study shall not be interfered with by the preliminary program or by exercises to follow.

6. The president and his officers should be first in all the requirements of the organization, including the payment of the fund, subscription to the Era, the Manual, etc.

Finally, the officers should "Get the spirit of the Lord and work hard under its F. Smith. influence."—Joseph

III. Questions and Discussion.

JOINT EVENING SESSION.

This meeting is desirable; the time and place of meeting to be

fixed by the stake boards. A short introductory talk should be

MUTUAL WORK 1163

given by the stake superintendent of the Young Men's and the Young

Ladies'Associations. There should be a suitable musical program for

the occasion. The general public should be invited to attend.

How to Organize Junior Classes

In organizing Y. M. M. I. A. junior classes in the wards this season the following suggestions should be noted:

1. The president of the association should secure a good class

leader who has a love for the boys and a spirit for the work and who will be prompt and punctual in attendance and always prepared.

2. The class leader should list the number of boys in his ward

between fourteen and sixteen years of age, inclusive, who are eligible for enrollment, and then visit the boys, explain the threeyear junior course to them, and get them to join his class. Where more than

fifteen to twenty are enrolled a second class may be organized.

3. On the opening evening the leader should choose a secretary

from his class whose duty shall be to aid the class leader in keeping a correct record of the attendance, and the preparation of the lesson.

The conduct of each and every member in the class should be marked weekly by the teacher. He should see that each member of the class

shall purchase a manual, keeping a strict record of fhe sales. When

the General Fund for the season is paid, credit should be strictly recorded. 4. The Y. M. M. I. A. offers a threeyear's course on the Development of Character. This course will begin with the present year's

manual, entitled "Courage,"and will be followed by two other manuals, entitled "Conduct"and "Success."

5. At the successful completion of the first year's course, each

member of the class will receive an official Y. M. M. I. A. pin and at

the completion of the third year's course a diploma signed by a general officer on the recommendation of the ward class leader and the president.

6. Recognition will be based on, attendance 30 points, knowledge

of the text, 40 points, conduct, 30 points. The passing mark will be

75%, so that if in these three requirements the student shall obtain 75% or over for each of three years he will be entitled to the pin at the close of the first and a diploma at the close of the third year.

7. The details of how to obtain the pin, its distribution, cost, etc.,

will be made known in the Era later.

8. The object of offering this definite course is to get a larger and

more regular attendance, a more diligent application to the study of the manuals, and to encourage meritorious conduct among the boys.

9 Presidents of associations and class leaders are urged to make special missionary effort to organize a large class in every ward of the Church, and more than one class, if the number of boys shall allow. There are any number of boys waiting for this opportunity

classes. into your win them work, and spirit of this the Seek s manual is season this and is attractive, course 10. Manual The

the boys. to interest sure

will be open to boys of the ages 14, 15 and, 1ft10. 11 The course

There need be only one class in each association. It matters not which

year the student completes first. All who enter this year will study

''Courage"for their first year; those who enter next year will take

1164 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the second subject first, in company with the first year class; and those

who enter three years hence, the third year's subject with the first and second years'classes, and so on. After the first three years, there

will be a part of the class graduate into the senior class each year, while, of course, new students will join each year.

Supplemental Reading for the Senior Manual

The following books are. recommended as supplementary reading

on subjects related to the manual to those who desire to enter into the subject in greater detail than the manual gives:

"Choosing a Vocation,"Parsons; "The Young Man and the

World,"Albert J. Beveridge; "Home Training Bulletins,"William A.

McKeever; "Farm Boys and Girls,"William A. McKeever; "Pushing

to the Front,"Orison Swett Marden; "Education for Efficiency,"Eugene Davenport; "Education for Efficiency,"Charles W. Eliot; "Efficiency,"Emerson] "The Call of the Twentieth Century,"David Starr

Jordan; "The Principles of Scientific Management,"F. W. Taylor;

"Character,"chapter four on "Work,"Samuel Smiles; "Self Help,"

also "Thrift,"Samuel Smiles; "The Strenuous Life,"Theodore Roosevelt; "Crown of Wild Olives,"John Ruskin.

Reading Course, 191314 Seniors—1. "The Reign of AntiChrist,"Sjodahl; 2. "The House

of the Lord,"Talmage; 3. "The American Government,"Haskin; 4.

"Corporal Cameron,"Connor; 5. "Joseph and the Land of Egypt,"

Sayce; 6. "Making the Farm Pay,"Bowsfield.

1. "The Courage of the Commonplace,"Andrews; 2. Juniors—

"Stories of Inventors,"Russel; 3. "Heroes of Every Day Life,"Coe;

4. "The Pioneer Trail,"Lambourne; 5. "The Southerner,"Dixon.

Elder C. R. Hart, Alamosa, Colo., May 24: "The j

San Luis conference of the I Western States Mission was held in Alamosa, Colorado, at the Seventh Day

Adventist Church which was given free of charge for this purpose. There

were a fair number of people at the meetings including friends, Saints and investigators who expressed themselves as enjoying our meetings. Elders in

the photo: D. C. Allen, Huntsville, Utah; H. L. McDermott, Clifton,

Idaho; C. R. Hart, Raymond, Idaho; front row: H. P. Murray, Wellsville, Utah; Amos Keller. Mink Creek, Idaho; J. C. Willden released

and returned home, having spent 29 months in the mission field, Mancos, Colo."

Passing Events

New Parcels Post rates went into effect August 15. Under the

new arrangement, packages weighing twenty pounds may be mailed two hundred miles at the rate of five cents for the first pound and one cent for every additional pound. Local rates are reduced to onehalf of previous rates.

Governor William Sulzer of New York was impeached in the early part of August by the legislative assembly for misappropriation of campaign funds and false statements. LieutenantGovernor Martin H.

Glynn was made governor, and for a time New York had two governors, Gov. Sulzer refusing to vacate, up to this writing, August 18.

Augustus O. Bacon, of Georgia, is the first United States Senator

to be chosen at a state election held under the new amendment to the

Constitution which provides for choosing senators by the direct vote of the people. He was chosen without opposition, to succeed himself,

at a state election held July 15, at which the total vote polled was 10,000.

Dr. Robert Bridges has been appointed poetlaureate of England

to succeed the late Alfred Austin, who acted since 1896, and who died

June 2, 1913. Dr. Bridges was born in 1844. He graduated as a doctor

of medicine at St. Bartholomew's College in London, and practiced

his profession until 1882 when he retired. He has written several

plays, a volume or two of short poems, and a number of critical essays on poets and the structure of poetry. While his verse has never been

popular, it is admired by a small circle for its beauty of thought and perfection of form.

On railroad business the Bureau of Railway Economics reported for May that the railways of the United States received for their services to the public an average of $8,230,000 a day; to run their

trains and for other expenses of operation it cost $5,920,000 a day.

Their taxes were $341,500 a day; their operating income $1,972,322 a

day, for the 220,897 miles of line reported, or at the rate of $8.93 for

each mile of line for each day. All of these amounts are substantially

greater than the similar returns for May, 1912. These reports include

over 95% of the mileage and earnings of the railways of the country.

The United States Ambassador to Mexico, Henry Lane Wilson, returned to Washington, July 26, in response to an ordert from President Wilson. He described the situation in Mexico to the President

and the Secretary of State. He said Huerta had the situation fairly in

hand, and rather favored the recognition of the Huerta government, but private reports indicated that almost every state was against Huerta, and that the federal government was on the verge of a downfall. As

a result, the President named and sent exGovernor John Lind of Minnesota to Mexico as special envoy, and Ambassador Wilson resigned.

Mr. Lind carried a special message from President Wilson to Huerta.

Much bitterness against the United States is manifested by the Mexican people and press.

1166 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Elder Hyrum M. Smith, of the Quorum of Twelve Apostles, was

appointed on August 14, by the Church authorities, to preside over the European Mission, to succeed Elder Rudger Clawson, recently returned. Elder Smith is a son of President Joseph F. Smith, and

became a member of the Council of Twelve Apostles on October 24, 1901. He filled a mission to Great Britain in 189598, and has been a

constant and active worker in the Church. He is a member of the

Boards of Y. M. M. I. A. and Religion Class, and is well known in the

community as a man of strong character and purpose, and well versed in the matters of Church doctrine and government. He was born

March 21, 1872, in Salt Lake City, Utah, where he attended the public schools, and later the Latterday Saints College from which he graduated in 1894.

The Balkan situation appears to have come to a peaceful solution, a peace treaty having been agreed to recently. When Bulgaria found

itself defeated in it's attempt to seize the lion's share of the spoils of the Turkish war, which ended by the London Peace treaty May 30, 1913, it sued for mercy. However, this appeal did not come until

Roumania had joined the Servians, Montenegrins, Greeks, and Turks in attacking Bulgarian forces in a second war. When the Roumanian

army was within easy reach of Sophia, and when Turkish troops had reentered Adrianople, the Bulgarian cabinet, July 22, notified the

Powers that they were ready to make peace, if Servia and Greece would consent. At nine o'clock on Sunday morning, August 10, the

representatives of the five Balkan states signed a treaty of peace which, it is to be hoped, will be true to its name for years to come. If this is

really the end of war in that district, it will be due more to the fact that all parties are exhausted by their internecine struggle, than to the provisions of the treaty, which are said to be neither founded on inherent justice nor satisfactory to the parties concerned. Bulgaria is

completely at the mercy of her late allies, and besides has sacrificed the respect of the outside world by her avaricious desire to get the lion's share of the spoils of the Turkish war. The lives of thousands

of people were needlessly sacrificed in the second war, as a result of which war there seemed to be nothing to prevent Servia and Greece from dividing up the disputed territory to suit themselves, except, of course, the veto of the greater European powers. It is interesting to

note that Roumania rejected a plea of the United States, that the

Balkan peace conference in the Bucharest treaty include a guarantee of religious freedom, proposed for the benefit'of the Jews inhabiting the territory to be ceded or annexed.

An invitation to Rev. Davidson to join the Latterday Saints was

recently given by President Ben E. Rich of the Eastern States Mission.

Rev. Davidson had become dissatisfied with his church, for reasons,

perhaps similar to those that influenced the minister in The Calling of

Dan Matthews, had burned his vestments and renounced his allegiance.

Hence President Rich's invitation which appeared simultaneously in the New York Times, the Baltimore San, and other eastern papers, Monday, August 11. We quote from the San:

of "New York. Aug. 11.—If the Rev. Charles Steele Davidson,

Charlottesville, Va., who renounced his allegiance to the Protestant

Episcopal Church by burning his vestments and prayer book at the gates of Monticello, will apply at a mission house at 33 West One Hundred and Twentysixth street he will find a man waiting to welcome him into a new faith.

PASSING EVENTS 1167

"This man, who thinks he has the brand of religion the Rev. Mr.

Davidson will like, is Ben E. Rich, president of the Eastern States

Mission of the 'Mormon'Church.

"President Rich made the case of the Rev. Mr. Davidson the subject of his sermon in the Harlem branch of the 'Mormon'Church yesterday.

"'It is very significant to me,'Mr. Rich said, 'that the Rev. Mr.

Davidson burned his vestments after finding that the church to which he belonged was "spiritually dead."We have been accused of being

about everything that is vile, but we have never been accused of being spiritually dead.

"'They have often found that our organization was the "strongest organiaztion in the world outside of the German Army."Critics of

our Church agree on this characterization. In fact, we might tell Mr.

Davidson the secret of our Church's power. It is only that we are not

spiritually dead. All that holds our organization together, in fact, is

the spiritual enthusiasm of its membership.

"'That is all there is to it. A Civil War general turned lecturer

after the war, and he specialized on anti-"Mormon"and temperance lecturers. He preached against us a dozen years and then came upon

some workmen of our faith who were erecting a monument to the first "Mormon"prophet, Joseph Smith, at his birthplace, in Sharon, Windsor county, Vt.

"'The old soldier and anti-"Mormon"lecturer looked at the workmen, talked to them, learned of the lively glowing faith that kept them to their task, as it carried our pioneer caravans across the Great American Desert. And finally he wrote a letter to a prominent officer of

the Church declaring that while he hated and detested our religion, still he was forced to concede that it was a remarkable thing, in an age of general faithlessness in God, to find any creed so completely all ourfanatical in its faith as ours was. We do believe in God with

hearts, and we don't go half way with our belief.

"'If the Rev. Mr. Davidson should come with us he would find no

special appointment awaiting him in a segregated clergy. And he

would not find our poor held off in the back pews. He might find,

should he join a "Mormon"ward, that his grocer was his bishop, while his woman servant was a prominent'official of the Woman's Relief

Society. And he might find that the boy who delivered his groceries

at his back door was an elder, and the farmer who brought in his green groceries was a high priest.

"In Sunday meetings he might be asked to speak just after the grocer boy had spoken in his capacity as an elder orthe farmer had officiated at the sacrament in his capacity as a high priest.

"'Should he take to our mission field, he would find a millionaire's son giving out tracts alongside the son of a poor grocer or butcher, and he would find the two preaching together in streetmeetings. He

would find that all our missionaries, instead of being in service with the idea of making a career out of it, were yielding that time to the cause they have espoused. He would find that, while formerly working in some store or field or industrial occupation they individually

saved the money on which they entered the mission field and that each one expects to go back to the trade or employment he abandoned at the termination of his three years of service in the cause of his religion. "'So that ours is a religion to which everyone gives and in which all take that abiding joy that comes with service freely rendered. At

our meetings here folks of every social estate mingle freely and alter1168 IMPROVEMENT ERA

nate one with another in doing the preaching. We have no paid

clergy. "'We have no clerical class removed from the rest of us. That

is why we were good Americans when we permitted an apostle to become a candidate for the United States Senate. Scored as we have

been for this, we found a justification for it that other churches could not comprehend, since our Church organiaztion was so different.

"'Had Senator Smoot been a chief official of any other church, he would have been set apart from the general community. He would

have been graduated from a church school, ordained to the clergy, and a living would have been provided for him. He would have attained

a great height in a calling to which he had dedicated his time and energies. "'Any lay member of our Church might have been summoned for the Church work Senator Smoot was called upon to do as an apostle. Every apostle in the Church has been so called, in fact.

President Woodruff tended his farm and pitched his hay with his own hands after he became President, as he had done before. Apostle

Woodruff, his son, could ride mountain ponies in a roundup with any cowboy on his ranch, and Brigham Young, Jr., an apostle, was as good

a frontiersman almost as his father.

"'So we can assure the Rev. Mr. Davidson a welcome among us

into a spiritually alive organization in which there are no lines as to rich and poor or powerful and weak, and in which our charities are so attended to that no one knows about them and there is no parading of the beneficiaries before their luckier brothers and sisters. He may

abhor the thought of coming with us right now, but it is because he has no doubt heard from our enemies about us. In proclaiming that

the churches of his day are spiritually dead he proclaims what our first prophet taught us as the exact reason why he had been divinely appointed to restore in this age the exact Gospel as Christ taught it and established it on earth.'"

Elder Theodore Tobiason, a resident of Forest Dale, has been called to preside over the Swedish mission, and left for Stockholm on

August 21, for his field of labor. Elder Tobiason was born in Malmo,

Sweden, March 2, 1864. With his mother, he came to Utah in the fall

of 1871. He was baptized September 23, 1873, by Elder Daniel H.

Wells, and has proved a faithful member and worker in the Church, his present position being alternate high councilor in the Granite stake of Zion, to which office he was set apart in May, 1903, at which time he was ordained a high priest. He has heretofore filled two missions,

one to the Northern States (1887-9), during which time he labored mostly in Illinois, Pennsylvania, Michigan, and Indiana, and another to Sweden in 1895-7. In 1890 he was ordained a seventy. On October

2, 1885, he married Louisa B. Woolley, a daughter of Bishoo John M.

Woolley, and has a family of eight children. His occupation has been

varied, first engaging in farm work, and later in carpentering and contracting. He is a man of sterling integrity, full of the spirit of the

gospel, and an enthusiastic and useful missionary.

THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH AT YOUR SERVICE

THE COLLEGE OF ARTS AND SCIENCES

Preparation to make a life as well as a living. Courses in general science, liberal arts, commerce and preparation for business.

T E STATd SCHOOL OF MINES Preparation for all branches of engineering.

A school in the west where a great country is in the making; where

the building of highways, railroads, power plants, canals, and commercial and industrial structures of all kinds must push forward rapidly to keep pace with an expanding population; a school in the heart of one of the

biggest mining regions of America, where are the greatest copper mines of the world, and the most extensive smelting plants.

THE STATE SCHOOL OF EDUC vTlON

Preparation for Teaching in common schools and high schools.

A school that has drawn favorable attention from educators of high standing in our country, for its sensitive and sensible attitude in relation to modern educational theory.

THE SCHOOL OF MEDICINE Offering a combined course in Arts and Medicine (four years).

THE SCHOOL OF LAW Offering full preparation for the practice of law. A young department with high standards, thorough methods and some novel advantages.

For full particulars, address UNIVERSITY OF UTAH, Salt Lake

City, Utah.

Buy Temple Brand GARMENTS They are the only approved L. D. S. Garments

with quality, fit and finish. Look for the

label in the neck, immediately below the

Temple. If it is not found there, the garment is not the approved TEMPLE BRAND.

Be sure you buy TEMPLE BRAND and no other. Manufactured exclusively by SALT

LAKE KNITTING WORKS, and sold by leading dealers everywhere. If your local dealer

is out of TEMPLE BRAND garments, send your orders to SALT LAKE KNITTING

STORE, 70 Main St., Salt Lake City. Delivery free to all parts of the United States; no

extra charge. Prices as follows:

Best grade of combed cotton, Best Grade Sea Island Mercergauze weirht $1.00 ized, light weight 2.00

Best grade of combed cotton, Shrunk Part Wool, melight weight 1.25 Wash 2.00 weigh ( diumSuperior cotton, unbleaehed,

medium weight 1.25 Wash Shrunk Merino Wool,

Superior cotton, bleached, meheavy weight 2.25

dium weight Shrunk Utah Wool, extra 1.50 WashSuperior cotton, unbleached, ex- 3.00 weight heavy tra heavy weight 1.50

Best Grade Sea Island Lisle, Wash Shrunk Imported Part gauze weight 1.50 Wool, light weight, extra fine 3.00

Best grade combed cotton, Pure Australian Wool, medium heavy weight, fleeced 1.75 weight....*. 4.00

Remember that there is no substitution for TEMPLE BRAND GARMENTS, and that they are delivered postage free, if orders are sent direct to

SALT LAKE KNITTING STORE, 70 Main Street, Salt Lake City

When You Order, Please Mention the ERA.

When making your purchase or writing, please mention the ERA.

Were you thinking of taking a commercial course? The L. D. S. Business

College has a word for you just inside the back cover page of the Era.

The Utah State Agricultural College has a message in this number worthy of notice by men and women, young and not so young, who wish to better their conditions. Write the college and get particulars.

Two questions are answered, on the whole, in the senior and junior manuals this year: "What is man's relationship to his work?"in the senior; and

"What part does courage play in the development of character?"in the Junior

Manual. The answers, as developed in the manual text are as interesting as

they are important. The manual is being printed and will be out in early September. Manual 25c; Era, including Manual free, $2.00 for Vol. 17, beginning

11 \lmrNov.

Improvement Era, September, 1913

Two Dollars per Annum with Manual Free

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter.

Joseph F. Smith, ) Heber J. Grant, Business Manager

Edward H. Anderson, J Editors Moroni Snow, Assistant

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Front Elevation of the New Latterday Saints

Temple, Cardston, Canada Frontispiece

Sermonets 1043 Poetry and Its Mission Orson F. Whitney 1045

Group Portrait of Elders of the Boston, Massachusetts, Conference 1054

Our Conception cf Life Axel A. Madsen 1055

Gracie's Message. A Poem Isaac Groo 1058

The Passing of Summer. A Poem Alfred Lambourne 1059

Department of Vocations and Industries X.. Claude Richards 1060

Going Home. A Poem Grace Ingles Frost 1063

Utah Lethe Coleman 1064 How Shall We Build this Great Empire? E. G. Peterson 1068

Group Portrait of Stake Superintendents Y. M.

. M. I. A 1070, 1 134

Little Problems of Married Life—XXIII William George Jordan... 1071

Truth Seeking: Its Symptoms and After

Effects Robert C. Webb, Ph. D... 1075

Joseph Smith, Jr., as a Trankator Isaac Russell 1092

A Final Word J. M. Sjodahl 1100

Communion. A Poem Wilmer Bronson 1 106

Voice of the Intangible. Illustrated Albert R. Lyman 1107

Through England's Cotton Mills. Illustrated.. Clyde Candland Edwards. 1117

"Daniel's Wisdom May I Know"Charles A. Callis 1127

Divine Authority E. J. Tenney 1 129

The M. I. A. Contests—I John Henry Evans 1130

M. I. A. Scouts 1135

Church School Department John Johnson 1137

William M. Stewart. With Portrait Levi Edgar Young, M. A. 1139

". 1145 Portrait of Elder Hyrum M. Smith

The University of Utah Prest. J. T. Kingsbury.... 1 146

Editors'Table—A Warning Voice First Presidency of the

Church 1148 Temple Site in Canada Dedicated 1150

Comments on "The Educator"1152

Messages from the Missions 1154

Priesthood Quorums'Table David O. McKay 1 157

Mutual Work—Y. M. M. I. A. Conventions 1159

How to Organize Junior Classes 1163

Supplemental Reading for the Senior

Manual 1 164 Reading Course, 191314 1164 Passing Events 1165 Do You Want Work?

There is a strong demand for well trained Stenographers and Bookkeepers. We have prepared

many young men for remunerative employment and have placed them in clean, desirable positions. We

can do as much for you. We charge you only

six dollars a month—<we pay the rest.

L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

SALT LAKE CITY ASK ABOUT OUR SHORT COURSE

KEMINGTON AUTOLOADING SHOTGUN—ONE OP BROWNG S PATENTS

DON'T WAIT TILL NEXT SEASON TO HAVE THAT GUN REPAIRED SEND IT TO US NOW and HAVE IT READY FOR NEXT SEASON

Send Postal for our Catalogne, 150 Pages, Illustrated. FREE

OGDEN, CO., UTAH.BROWNING BROS.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE "ERA'

EVERY MAN AND WOMANIN THE REPUBLIC HAVE A BIRTHRIGHT OF EDUCATION

Such is the inference of American democracy.-mil strch'is the wonderful achievement of the

Stale of Utah in only two generations, due to an early reverence for education hy the founder's. The glory of such a heritage as this is

spurring the educators of Utah on to an absolute fulfillment of the ideal of the pioneers of the State.

And so the Utah Agricultural College announces thai always will its doors be open to 'the State's men and women and boys and girls, the essential question asked being one of sincerity of purpose and the only requirementde- manded being one of industry. The College

has regrouped its practical courses. Any person over 18 years of age may enter these practical courses without examination. Any person

under 18 who has completed two years of high school work and has then decided to enter practical fields may enter these courses. Such

courses include Agriculture, Home Economics,

Agricultural Engineering, Commerce, and Mechanic Arts. Correspondence courses are given

FRONT OF MAIN BUILDING in all departments. The courses of the College

UTAH AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE, leading to the degree of Bachelor of Science 'require certain high school preparation. These LOGAN, UTAH courses are broad and liberal. Address,

THE PRESIDENT, THE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE, Logan, Utah.

PROTECT!!

Your dependent ones and yourself with a policy in the

Beneficial Life Insurance Co. of Utah

A HOME COMPANY Joseph F. Smith, President Lorenzo N. Stohl, VicePres. and Geneial Mgr.

Axel B. C. Ohlson, Secretary

Lead all companies in Utah in amount of New Insurance written during past four years

HOME OFFICE, VERMONT BUILDING SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Buy the Wagon that runs 40 per cent Lighter

Why shouldn't you when every other good wagon quality goes along with it?

LIS TEN HERE;—You pay the same as for a high grade wooden wagon and you get twice

the life of the best wooden wagon made.

It's a matter of simple economy. Figure It out for yourself. No drying apart, no resetting of tires, no breaitdowns, no repair bills. Any way you look at it the cheapest

wagon you can buy Is the DAVENPORT ROLLERBEARING STEEL WAGON

ALL STEEL GEARING. Angles, I-beams and channels, steel in its strongest forms,

hot welded and put together like a bridge. STEEL WHEELS that are genuine trusses

weight borne by all parts of the wheel alike. HUB LIKE AN AUTOMBILK. Straight

spindles, not tapering. ROLLERBEARINGS that are enclosed and protected from all

mud, water, sand and dust. OIL without removing wheels. SAVE YOUR HORSE

FLESH AND SAVE YOUR POCKET BOOK. No other wagon like the Davenport, none as

good. Don't buy a wagon till you know all about it. Our catalog will explain all.

Write for it today CONSOLIDATED WAGON & MACHINE CO., "SBo.T28irS;S lNfi';?D*

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE "ERA-