"Jesus, the Friend of Children"

** *"IMPROVEMENTJhi DECEMBER 1953

*. * *. THE jy ZV. Frank/in S. Harris, Jr. ToimHouse

A study has been made of sixteen difCRACKERS PURITY ferent synthetic soil aggregate stabilizers on a variety of Oregon soils by the Oregon State College. This

study and others have found that stabilizers may prove to be of considerable value in alkali soil reclamation. Particularly effective is VAMA

(modified vinyl acetate maleic acid Bite into a delicious TOWNcompound) by increasing the amount of water stable aggregates in the soil. HOUSE Cracker. Discover

On some soils and for home gardeners the completely different such conditioners may be used to make flavor of these crisp, tender, the soil easier to work even though goldenbrown ovals.

no better plant growth results.

HPhe neck of the giraffe has seven vertebrae, the same number as the human neck, but the vertebrae are much more elongated in the giraffe.

See? No Crumbs! How

The same vapors from onions which come? That's a Purity

people cry the property make have baking secret—just one

of killing It germs. has been found more amazing thingthat the weeping influence is due to

aldehydes whose bestknown member is about these marvelous formaldehyde. new crackers.

'T'he salt in the oceans has been estimated to be sufficient to cover the entire United States with a layer a mile and a half deep.

A study made by Charles C. Sperry

of the US Fish and Wildlife Service of the stomachs of 8300 coyotes revealed that onethird the food is rabbits, rodents 17 percent, domestic livestock nearly 14 percent, and carrion 13 percent.

"\a7ith the use of a radioactive isotope of silver it has been possible to measure the migration of silver atoms in a block of silver. At General Electric

it was found that silver atoms moving between the grains may move a tenth of an inch in a week at 500 degrees

Centigrade, but if they move through the grain it would take a thousand years for the same distance.

<Mu PURITY TownHouse ly Purity Biscuit Co..., Salt Lake City... Pocatello... Phoenix

DECEMBER 1953 889

The Unfinished Business of Government NOURISHING

As 1953 closes, the threat of international with nuclear war weapons by Dr. G. Homer Durham

of unfinished the business emphasizes government—namely, the resolution of UNIVERSITYVICE PRESIDENT,OF UTAH

the threat of war. There are various

approaches to a solution of this problem.

Religion, as Toynbee argues, may be the

HOT'N HEARTYmost fundamental and may well (as a preventive collective sanction against

READY IN SECONDS! thebe prerequisitecarrier of crossculturalto political cooperation)efforts. But thetional)misusepowerof theandvetowhat(individual,it implies.nathe task, viewed as a problem in political Perhaps this can be supplied in a proengineering, cannot be overlooked. vision that will make possible an apWhat can be done in short space, to peal from either an American or Russian

meet, stave off, an imminent threat? veto in the Security Council. From this

The Eisenhower administration has body there is no appeal save to war, at given notice that it will seek amendthe present time, when disagreement ocments to the Charter of the United curs.

Nations at the Tenth General Assembly, There are two kinds of appeal possible in 1955. in established international practice:

According to the terms of Article 109 (1) on political and (2) on legal quesof the charter, the question of review tions. Theoretically the Security Council

must be placed on the agenda for that is now the place for the final resolution 1955 session. A general of "political"questions;

conference for the purthe International Court pose "shall be held,"the of Justice for "legal"charter continues, "if so questions. However, the

Active families need decided by a majority Security Council has not vote of the members of been able to proceed

Carnation the General Assembly beyond the veto in cases

INSTANT WHEAT! sevenand bymembersa vote ofof anythe involvingment, andmajorthe Courtdisagreeis

YOUR FAMILY'S SURE to get off to a better Security Council."bypassed by the vetostart each day with a hot cereal breakBut to review is not to holding powers.

if it'sfast—especially Carnation for of the a Instant amend. Amendment requires (1) An extension UN scheme here's breakfast heartyWheat! For a be disputes "political"resolving might twothirds vote of the Conference; (2) justdish that's families active for made

—brimming as it is with all the natural ratification "in accordance with their had by providing an appeal on political

whole wheat values of thiamine, niacin, respective constitutional processes"by questions, to the larger General Asphosphorus, and iron! twothirds of the members of the UN, sembly, where the issue could be deYOU'LL FIND that this flavorful cereal not including (3) "all the permanent memcided by either majority or twothirds

helps provideonly muchneeded nourbers of the Security Council."of all the members. There has been a forishment play—but it saves work or

you time In other words, the charter cannot slow trend in this direction since 1949.

THAT'S BECAUSE Carnation Instant Wheat be amended unless the USA and the The trend could be formalized by the is appeal partially in should precooked cooks Then, Conference. "no 1955 Britain, France, apChina, and USSR,

.. see waittime"and... And—just seem larger Assembly General to the Is this prove. possible? question The

all will APPETITESSLEEPY be the! MORNING it disto impolitic, might be possible is as to to represent China, Chiang who rich with the goodtemptedkeener when

til conCouncil Security of the some isor in the a major Mao, this genuine of Northwestness premium 1955 UN—is

wheat! So order Carnation Instant sue. flicts into more refined "legal"questo Court. the tions, appropriate family your today—and delightWheat On nationstate greatpower, system Thetomorrow! appeals questions, be could "legal"such realistic as foreign short, isolation—in to the Security the Council carried from;.SgJSSS"survives the in modern policy—still to deof Justice, be International Court

yet passed not the world. have We

or existing to improved according cided IN COOKS sovereignty. of national point How- '-Si TIME"-NO for Security rules that body. CounThe ever, this modificavery make fact may

tion of the Charter possible in 1955, and cil itself could be given the necessary function of deciding which vetoed quesCooks nation with it, some cessation to the threat of nuclear, hellish war. All powers postions were (a) "political"and (b)

"legal."INSTANT could done be This by thein "No rewill of favor the "veto"UN WHOU of of the eleven seven vote any members

of the invaluable an ( 1 ) as UN WHEAT emu vei tentionsessed deas of Security Council, they theTime"now of as a cencenter communication; (2)

ter of moral influence for "peace"(which termine other "procedural"questions.

is a magic word in Russia as in the The foregoing formula represents some

BARENTS)*, M06AIIHI,4 restfind ofa formulathe world).whichThewillproblempreserve is(1)to generalcentratedviewsstudy basedand attackon yearson theof confield

political science. consider As you of action, the of the independence (2)

1 transition"in questions of "government lesson "isolation"of strength (the US

Same Famous Family A* Carnation Milk 1006) page (Concluded on politically speakwar, the from Korean ing), and at the same time (3) provide 1See The Improvement Era, November 1953, p. 814.

90 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BOOKCRAFT BOOKS MAKE THE FINEST GIFT OF ALL

The wisdom and personality of David O.

McKay, beloved president of the L.D.S.

Church, is brought forth with loving care in this magnificent volume. The wise and

steadying counsel of this great man will Answers to important questions are awaitFrom Adam to the days of Abraham... be eagerly received by all. For the young ing you in this truly fine book. Elder

this inspiring book brings all the known people there are welcome words from an Mark E. Petersen of the Council of Twelve

facts concerning the sweeping drama of understanding friend. For parents there Apostles has prepared a volume that will

the first 2,000 years. It is the result of is guidance from one who knows well the alert readers to the untold benefits await15 years of research by the author, W. problems of parents. For the church ing those who live by the truth. In this

Cleon Skousen. In this volume you will worker there is counsel from outstanding book you wil

find the answers to more t % than specific problems. 500 Ip t\t\UU seePetersen'sthe reflectionhumble ofwisdomElder JJ)t+%f\f%\j\J r&J*> p aministratorlongseasonedandChurchlifelongad- *P#I A must for every library. * teacher. "and controlled eloquence.

jL THE THIRD BOOK IN EMMA MARR PETERSEN'S CHILDREN SERIES

sNwent The Story of Our Church For Young Latterday, Saints

laurel adds another Marr Petersen Emma this with of her achievements in the crown outstanding volume. It's the only book

with that your children in print provides history and No. 8 into insight the Church No. 4 an

Between the covers of Dr. Hunter's enhances their appreciaton of their heribook are sparkling expressions of tage. The full meaning and forcefulness From Book of Mormon scholars to

faith and good works as advanced of the restoration of the Gosfirst-time readers, Ora Pate Stewby L.D.S. general authorities durpel has been beautifully and art's "Treasures Unearthed"will ing conference sessions over the richly presented. $3.00 lead to a more complete underwill provide standing. five past This years. The book book will 7 No. No. 6

readfurnish of excellent hours with you with a treasure you BIBLE STORIES STORIES OF MORMON of BOOK... entertainment ing genuine knowledge advice and concerning

Saints Latterday Saints For Young Latterday For Young with combined doctrine. Church down- A

welcome cerning people. gift for dis- $1.00 $3.00 $3.00 toearththe Book factsof Mormon.about $1.00

18. In Glory, Sunlit 13. No. This Land, For No. A My of Times, Challenge Our 9 The No.

Bailey Dr. $3.00 Paul A. Widtsoe $3.00 John by by $2.00 Skousen Cleon W. by

14. of Persecutors Prophet Fate of No. 19. Before Joseph, Evidences Cry No. of 54 Columbus, 10 America No. B. N. $3.00 Joseph, Lundwall by (cloth), $5.00 Smith Farnsworth IJoseph by Dewey Stories, 15. L.D.S. Adventure No. $1.75 Clark George Edward by of 11 Book Ancient America and No. Preston $2.00 Nibley by Compiled

Dr. Bible, the R. Hunter, Milton No. 20. Benjamin Know by by Mormon, 16. His Mansions, No. Many

B. (cloth Ferguson $2.00 Alward, deluxe) $4.00 Thomas S. $2.25 Howells by Ruion

by Dr. Sidney B. Sperry $3.00 by Max Skousen $1.75 by Dr. Milton R. Hunter $3.00

Share, 22. Melvin Treasures $2.25 No. Westenskow by USE THIS CONVENIENT ORDER FORM————> 3

of Book) 23. $1.00 (Word No. Cook Wisdom Wheat toMan books as indicated: following Please send the Dr. 24. Milton Will R. Hunter $3.00 No. Rob God? by a Manfor

Cash C.O.D. a.

No. of Book Quantity Price No. of Book Quantity Price - ORDER FROM YOUR LOCAL DEALER -

NAME Bookcraff ADDRESS CITY STATE 1186 South Main Salt Lake City, Utah

DECEMBER 1953 891

C// tidal KJrqan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, Jhe IMPROVEMENT TIONS,MUTUALDEPARTMENTIMPROVEMENTOFASSOCIAEDUCA- '*Ps$* TION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF "THETRSTVOICE OF THE CHURCH"

Jhe (kurcfi of

of cJLatteraau J>aint6

Editors: DAVID 0. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Editor: Managing DOYLE Jhe L-*cover Associate Managing C. J0SEPH5ON

J. MARBA- L. ResearchGREEN Editor: ALBERT L. Manuscript Editor: Editor:MOFFITT ELIZABETH

ZOBELL, Contributing Editors: Jr. ARCHIBALD- "Today's F.Family"BENNETTEditor:- IRISG. HOMERPARKERDURHAM "Jesus the Friend of Children,"a fullFRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. - HUGH NIBLEY - LEE A. PALMER color reproduction of Kirchbach's painting

- B. SPERRY SIDNEY PETERSEN CLAUDE

- Associate Manager:B. General Manager: ELBERT BERTHA CURTIS

Director: Advertising Business D. VERL F. S.SCOTTREEDER servesEra at asthistheChristmascover for season.The ImprovementThe photoGILES - Manager: JOHN R.

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR graph is from Camera Clix.

The Editor's Page At this Christmastide President David O. McKay 905

Church Features

Your Question—The Marriage of Abraham, Joseph, and Moses to

Egyptian Women Joseph Fielding Smith 906

Twelve Hugh B. Brown, Assistant to the Council of the

...Sidney B, Sperry 914 EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES

Marion Duff Hanks, of the First Council of the Seventy 915 50 North Main Street

St. Main North Offices, 50 Approaches to Book New

St. Main North Offices, 40 of Mormon Study—II Hugh Nibley 919 Y.M.M.I.A.Y.W.M.I.A. Section: General Conference

The General Authorities 920 Salt Lake City 1, Utah of or Catastrophe/'Choice "The Kingdom World God CorporaInc., a Funds, Mutual by 1953 Copyright President 922 O, David McKay Improvement Mutual Men's Young tion of the

of Christ Jesus of....President Church the of Relations Richards Stephen 926 and Church Association The L Human

Subreserved. rights All Saints. Latterday Clark, President Responsibilities Great Reuben Our J, Jn foreign in advance; $2.50 a year, price, 929 scription

25c advance; in....President year, Fielding a $3.00 Mediator 931 Advocate Smith and Joseph subscriptions, Our Our

General single copy. Conference Boards 897 893 Index Utah, City, Lake Salt Office, Post the at Entered Willamette 902 Church Stake 894 Camping.. Bookrack mailing Goes for Acceptance matter. secondclass as

section in for provided of postage Priesthood * rate Melchizedek 896 The Church 993 special Moves at On 2, July authorized 1917, of October 1103, Act Bishopric's General Appointees Presiding 994 Page New to MIA 1918. for unresponsible not Era Improvement contributions. welcomes butis manuscripts, solicited

by sufficient accompanied be must manuscripts Special Features TheAll

Christmas Is for Children Pauline French Stacy 908 postage for delivery and return.

Christmas Among the Navajos Robert L Walker 909

Children's Books 91 Change of Address of adfrom Spoken The Richard L. Square Temple change 1004 980, 988, for Evans Word required notice Fifteen

include please change, a ordering dress. Whendays'Exploring the Universe, Franklin Business of Government, G. of the magazine. issue recent slip a from address

S. Harris, old 889 Jr the unless Homer 890 Durham be made cannot changes Address

is included. one the well as new Times, as These address Unfinished Page 1008 Your The Ours and

Today's Family Fern Taggart's Christmas FaHoliday Nuggets, Marion Ullvorites 996 mark 1 001 National Advertising Representatives

Handy Hints 999 How to Color Homemade CanGay Christmas Wrappings 1000 dles, Evelyn Witter 1002

COMPANY TOWNSEND EDWARD S.

Building Russ Stories, Poetry San Francisco, California

COMPANY S. TOWNSEND EDWARD

Blvd. Spirit Wilshire Christmas 1324 Alta Higbee 907 No

17, California Angeles Los Elsie Conclusion "Unto Carroll 912 the Least—"CJacobsen

ASSOCIATES SANGSTON AND. Estelle "Let Dismay"Nothing You 916 SADLER Thomas Webb Ave. Madison 342

Frontispiece, "Christ Consoling Treasure, G. D. Gleason 958 New York 17, N. Y.

the 903 DAVIS SONS Oppressed"& Lalia Prayer, Thornton M. St. N. LaSalle 964 30 Poetry - 904 Page

Illinois Chicago, "Choose This Day,"Hilma You Child's Heaven, Alice Hoey Shaf- T. Brinkerhoff 1004 fer 918

Be Merry, Catherine E. Berry.... 949 All Little Things, Lael W. Hill..1008 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

892 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA GENERAL CONFERENCE INDEX

Speakers

Bennion, Adam S..966 Morris, George Q 960

Benson, Ezra Taft.970 McConkie, Bruce R 972

Buehner, Carl W..950 McKay, David 922, 978

Christiansen, EIRay L 974 McKay, Thomas E 943

Clark, J. Reuben, Jr 929

Richards, Stephen L 926 Cowley, Matthew 962 Romney, Marion G. 942

Evans, Richard L 976 Smith, Eldred G 940 Hanks, Marion D 976 Hunter, Milton R 946 Smith, Joseph Fielding 931

Isaacson, Thorpe B 939 Sonne, Alma 941

Ivins, Antoine R 945 Stapley, Delbert L 958

Kimball, Spencer W 948 Wirthlin, Joseph L 932

Kirkham, Oscar A 947 Young, Clifford E 935

Lee, Harold B 937 Young, Levi Edgar 952

Longden, John 954 Young S. Dilworth 934

Sermon Subjects

America 970 Money 948

Atonement 942 Music...943

Church 932 Prayer.962 We Bind Your

Church Growth 922 PreExistence 929 IMPROVEMENT ERAS

Church Membership 945 Sabbath Day 939, 948 Save each issue and let us convert permanent and handsome them into library. for your Church Schools 922 Selective Service 926 yearly volumes

Church Standards 978 Seventies 952 TheLake costCity).is justIf necessary$3.00 perto volumemail them(f.o.b.to Saltyou

the following rates will apply.

Earth Life 929, 947 Temple Construction 922 SaltDistanceLakefromCity, Utah Rate

Up to 150 miles 29 Faith 972, 976 Temple Marriage 940, 974 150 to 300 miles 35 300 to 600 miles 43 70 Filthy Lucre 948 Testimonies 941, 950, 976 1000600 toto 10001400 milesmiles 1400 to 1800 miles -.83

Home 970, 978 Youth 922, 947 Over 1800 miles 97

Leave them at our conveniently located upHuman Relationships 526 NOTE: Elder Henry D. Moyle of the town office.

Council of the Twelve addressed the "Church

Idlers 939, 948 of the Air"audience of the Columbia Broadcasting System on conference Sunday mornfor is scheduled another His sermon Press Deseret News Jesus Christ 931, 932, 937, 942, 958, 966 ing. Elders Era. issue of Improvement The Lake City, Utah 31 Richards St. Salt v of Richards E. Petersen and LeGrand Mark

addressed of the Twelve Council Kingdom of God 960 the the Phone 4-2581 their session, sermons will priesthood and SO

Laborers 939 Hughappear B.in Brownthe Conferencewas in CanadaReport.whenElderhe Plant1605 Industrial Road (1900 West)

was sustained, and did not come to Salt Phon 7-1584 SALT IAKE CITY

Missionaries 922, 934, 935, 943, 954 Lake City to address the conference.

DECEMBER 1953 893 Dramatic -:- Different Church Bookrack

THE OLD TESTAMENT IN VERSE CHURCH HISTORY AND MODERN the Purpose of Life? The author, a

BIBLE STORIES you can USE REVELATION popular speaker and writer in Church as as well READ (Joseph Fielding is secular Smith. and Deseret groups, currently Book a memin the planning Use them ber of City. vols. of many, Company, faculty the Salt Lake 1953. 2 of Brigham Young

many kinds of Church programs. 1000 pages. $7.50.) University. D. L. G.

HThis compilation President by Joseph STORY GEMS Fielding Smith has brought together (Compiled by Albert L. Zobell, Jr. in permanent form bound the lesson Bookcraft, Salt Lake City. 1953. 119 commentaries the on sixvolume Docupages. $1.00.)

mentary History of the Church as Y\o you need a story on honesty, or studied by the Melchizedek Priesthood quorums from 1947 through 1950. tithing, or prayer, or genealogy, or

The Book of Mormon, or the wholePresident Smith has done a prosomeness of today's illustrate to youth digious in his work commentary, notathat lesson or that talk that are you tions, and explanations of these vital fire of All the the DRAMATIC preparing? Story is your answer. Gems basic and events in the early history of plus of the charm isMONOLOGUE This third the of volume the "Storythe restoration, first from the vision PHRASES.RHYTHMIC teller"series in size. convenient pocket through the of martyrdom the Joseph chronological of the enaccount A L. G.—D. Prophet his and brother Hyrum. Antire in VERSE OLD TESTAMENT

in three volumes. alphabetical index and digest by AnJESUS HIS LIFE AND TEACHINGS

Volume I now available, covers the drew K. Smith add much to the refer- (Franklin L. West. Bookcraft, Salt Lake

period from the CREATION of the ence value. This twovolume compilaCity. 1953. 291 pages. $3.50.)

assist in the use and pROM a lifetime of experience in teachWORLD to the death of MOSES, tion will greatly plus the STORY OF JOB. understanding of the Documentary Hising and study, Dr. West brings to tory of the Church.—R. L. E. this study of the Master Teacher the

Price $3.95 at rare insight that serves to make this

DESERET BOOK STORE YOUR FAITH AND YOU book a must in the library of every 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City (Mark E. Petersen. Bookcraft, Salt Lake Latterday Saint. In addition to the

City. 317 pages. $3.00.) text, which is exceptionally well exeor

Author autographed copy direct from Roil many years Mark E. Petersen has cuted, the book has reproductions in

DOXOLOGY HOUSE satisfyingcontributedunsigneda varietyeditorialsof solidto andthe dealingcolor of withsomeJesus'of thelife. classic pictures Box 832, Belmont, California

Section""Church the Throughout book the Deseret author of The News,—

of practical application many of in appear which now book makes

The Doxology House offers also form, attractively published and well great messages to mankind. Jesus,Jesus'His

"THE SONG OF MOSES"printed under the title Your Faith and Life and Teachings is a penetrating

You. study of the Savior, from whom we reThere is much rewarding reading in ceived our name and doctrine.—M. C. /.

this book for everyone, and especially THE FIRST 2000 YEARS is there a message for young people on

Skousen. (W. Cleon Bookcraft, Salt Lake the problems that face daily in them

City. 1953. 401 pages. $3.25.) matters of courtship of marriage, and

HThis approach to the first two thouchoices and of shortsighted decisions,

Lj diahWitt ofstandards,Sabbath ofobservance,making theof mostliving ofgospellife, JosephsandSmithyears,statedwhichare theso importantProphet to a of complete understanding our of keeping the commandments. Solo Vocal

is a Church, analysis of keen conditions its book, This of with short 317 pages solo vocal to be sung A sacred and events the destiny which shaped will not only given widely, be inseparately or the selections, conjunction with of the primitive Church. author The also will but be widely read referred and poem "CROSSINGECLOGUE THE points the of material the use up by to frequently. L. E. R. together SEA."can The twoRED provocative questions and problems

be used which cannot help the making book for a sacred service of music THE CHALLENGE OF OUR TIMES poetry.and more meaningful the reading and more Bookcraft, Cleon Skousen. Salt (W.

Soprano Highmedium Lake City. 1953. 167 pages. $2.00.) intelligent.

Tenor Highmedium '"Phis book is the outgrowth of a series This is a book that will prove inthe to first reading from the.60Price:

integrity of the last because with which from your centsLOCALper copy. MUSICOrder duringof theaddresseslatter partpresentedof 1952overand KSLthe valuable

STORE or direct from first weeks of 1953 as the traditional the author has approached and de-

C. /. Sunday evening broadcast of the Church. veloped his subject.—M.

of discussion the in topics the Some GOSPEL SERMONETTES: (boxjoboqi dfoiiASL \ JhiL twentyfive short, thoughtprovoking Hunter. (Compiled R. Milton by Book-

\ {ui.ic-J>%a)naTiction-cr\.aoidinai. \ Is are: chapters a Message from There craft, 1953. City. Salt 120 pages. Lake

for are the People Today? Publication a God "Each Doxology"What $1.00.)

< 832 California Box Belmont, Principal Blocks in to Faith Stumbling for faith, for for morality, ""The need the did Times? Modern Book Where of is as the home, maintenance discounts Dealers for Wards on fund of Genesis From? Old Come How is pressing ever has been. These, today as it projects.raising Write for complete

information. the Gospel of Jesus Christ? What is (Concluded on page 1006)

894 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Edward R.

Murrow and SEE IT NOW Tuesdays at 8:30 p.m.

Eve Arden as OUR MISS BROOKS Fridays at 7:30 p.m.

Bert Parks in DOUBLE OR NOTHING Monday, Wednesday, Friday at 2:00 p.m.

Gloria Swansort,

hostess of CROWN THEATRE Mondays at 9:00 p.m.

Duncan Renaldo

as the CISCO KID Fridays at 7:00 p.m.

LET

FIVE FINGERS

remind you each

time you touch your

dial that the finest

shows in television are on cha KSLTV

DECEMBER 1953 895 The Church moves On

Events A Day To Day Chronology Of Church

patriarchs, presidents of seventies'quothird time. The first time was as a

September 1953 rums; presidents of elders'quorums; sergeant in the infantry during World

stake mission presidents, and institute War II, and the second time as a mis-

O The First Presidency advised the and seminary teachers of that area. sionary to East Germany, where he

"Presiding Bishopric concerning the served as the mission secretary. Acshowing of films at sacrament meeting: O O The annual "Meet Me at Mutual"companying him on this assignment will

"... we point out that there may be "r* night was held throughout the be Mrs. Gregory and their small daughjustification in differentiating between Church. ter.

the sacrament meeting and other Sunday gatherings of the Saints in the mat- O n Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson of the

'Presiding Bishopric dedicated theter of using picture films. We regard i% O United States Senator Wallace F. "

the sacrament meeting as being so "** Bennett announced that the chapel of the Timpanogos Ward, Sharon definitely defined in its purpose that it veterans'administration had ruled that (Utah) Stake.

would be inconsistent with its primary Korean war veterans who wish to interElder Clifford E. Young, Assistant to

objectives to utilize any of the time of rupt their education to serve as misthe Council of the Twelve, dedicated that meeting for the showing of films, sionaries for the Church may now do the chapel of the Vancouver Ward, however much might be claimed for so without losing their GI rights. The Columbia River (OregonWashington)

their instructive and inspirational veteran actually must begin his educaStake.

values."tion within two years after his release Elder George Q. Morris, Assistant to

from military service. At any time the Council of the Twelve, dedicated the

i Ivins of President R. Antoine O chapel of the Wilford Ward, Yellowthe thereafter his he from may withdrawA * dediof the First Council Seventy stone Stake. (Idaho) educational pursuits to serve as a miscated the chapel of the Jamestown sionary without losing his GI rights.

Ward, Shelley (Idaho) Stake. He must, however, complete his educa- O O Fall classes, under the direction of

Presiding Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin tion within the sevenyear statutory the general Church music commitdedicated the chapel of the Lewiston limit. tee, began for choristers and organists

Third Ward, Benson (Utah) Stake. of the Salt Lake City area.

O Q The First Presidency announced

Salt of the presidents Lake "v the of Elder Mrs. appointment and of conference the annual Re- A The 9 inspected area Deseret the |* \* StakeCity Steed, A. Merlin prominent southern v * lief Societies of the began. Church proof welfare theCoal Church Mine directors California as workers, Church It sessions, of departmental a day was

at Appropriate Orangeville, Utah.gram of at of the Information Bureau in reception evening. the held the with a

religious of held naturemeetings a were Hill Palmyra, York. Cumorah, New

in the mine under the direction of the They succeed Elder and Mrs. George

First Presidency of the Church. Collard who have served for the past

two years. October 1953

1 O President David O. McKay adThe First presidency announced the

* "dressed a faculty workshop meeting appointment of Elder Kenneth B. Dyer Relief Society conference conat Brigham Young University. Other to preside over the West German Mis- 1 tinued with departmental meetspeakers at the fourday institute insion, succeeding President Edwin Q. ings and a general session.

cluded Elders Harold B. Lee and Adam Cannon. President Dyer, a member of Ground was broken by President

S. Bennion of the Council of the Twelve. the Bonneville (Salt Lake City) Stake David O. McKay for the new Relief

high council, filled a mission in Society building on North Main Street.

i A The appointment of Mrs. Ruth Switzerland and Germany from 1928 to

-*- "Horsley Chadwick as an associate 1931. He has served as group leader O The one hundred twentyfourth

editor of The Children's Friend was anof the high priests in the Douglas Ward, semiannual conference opened on nounced. Miss Mary Jack continues also Bonneville Stake, MIA stake superinTemple Square in Salt Lake City. The

as an associate editor, a position she tendent in the Hillside (Salt Lake City) conference was broadcast over KSL and has held for many years. Stake, a member of the bishopric of the telecast over KSLTV, and parts or all

Burlingame Ward, San Francisco Stake, of it was broadcast over the following

OA A Solemn Assembly was held in and clerk of the Queens Ward, New stations: KSUB, Cedar City; KSVC,

""the assembly room of the Logan York Stake. To the mission field with Richfield; KVNU, Logan; KJAM,

Temple under the direction of the First him will go Mrs. Dyer and their two Vernal, all in Utah. KRXK, Rexburg;.

Presidency. The General Authorities of children. KJRL, Pocatello; KID, Idaho Falls;

the Church were excused from their The First Presidency announced the KGEM, Boise, all in Idaho. KTYL, Mesa;

quarterly stake conference assignments appointment of Elder Harold L. KVNC, Winslow, both in Arizona and

in order to attend. Invited to attend Gregory as president of the East Gerby transcription. KELY, Ely, Nevada;

this meeting from the Logan Temple man Mission, succeeding President KEXO, Grand Junction, Colorado;

district were the following: stake presiArthur A. Glaus. President Gregory, a KBIO, Burley, Idaho; KBLA, North

dents and counselors; members of high member of the Davis (Utah) Stake comHollywood; KCSB, San Bernardino;

councils, high priests'quorums presimittee for senior members of the Aaronic KEEN, San Jose; KSBR, San Bruno;

dents; bishops and counselors; stake Priesthood, is going to Germany for the (Concluded on page 900)

896 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA APPOINTEES TO THE

M.I.A. GENERAL BOARDS

7i Twoto thenewgeneralmembersboardshave ofbeenthecalledMutual Improvement Associations. WHY HELP PAY FOR

They are Mrs. Grace Cheever Milner

of Provo, Utah, and Dr. Keith M. THE ACCIDENTS OF

Engar of Salt Lake City.

a mission once filled Milner Mrs. THOSE WHO DO? as she served California whereto

corresponding secretary to President returnAfter McMurrin.Joseph W. to HERE'S YOUR CHANCE TO SAVE ON assigned Provo, she wasing to

labor in the ward MIA, and later served as activity counselor in the INSURANCE AUTO presidency. She StakeUtah YWMIA of thousands cause Drivers::: Drinking of president the Utahthen became

:j: This means accidents each year for served she whereStake YWMIA, insurauto. your.. higher on premiums

five years.:':: ance.

Then she returned again to ward activity, where she was Gleaner If you don't drink, why should you pay leader for four years, becoming presithese higher premiums?

dent of the Provo Stake YWMIA for ACT Preferred Risk insures TOTAL Abfive years. At the time the program stainers Only! The occasional social

for LDS girls was instituted under the drinker is not eligible. It recognizes thatdirection of the Presiding Bishopric, NOW! a driver who doesn't drink is a better

chairstake was MilnerMrs. named better a does risk than one who—that

this until position and heldman his rate to is entitled a lower it -***- risk on was combined with that of the auto insurance.

YWMIA. For nine years she served

as chairman of the MIA Girls CanMAIL Immediate Available Ultimate yon Home, during the time it was Savings only to Savings operation. in placedconstructed and this up to NONup to the council of treasurerShe has been

operating the home since that time. 25% DRINKERS 44% Mrs. Milner is the wife of Elder Coupon!

Arnel S. Milner. If you qualify, write or phone for

is obligation. no There—

inif present your even Dr. Engar has, for a number of quotationDo it today,

years, been associated in the radio surance does not expire now.

and television industry. At the

professor is assistantpresent time he USE THIS COUPON of the ACT NOW—associate directorof speech and

University Theater, University of Please send me complete information about auto insurance for total abstainers.

Utah. He has had wide experience I understand there is no obligation.

in Church activities. He was a memName

ber of the Sunday School superinAddress - tendency in Minneapolis while he (Concluded on page 1002) City State

Age Occupation

What is the age of the youngest driver in your household?

Make of car Year

Body type Model (series)

Expiration date of present insurance

DoiitDftok'J HELP PAY I PREFERRED RISK MUTUAL

ACCIDENTS OF INSURANCE COMPANY 501 JUDGE BLDG., DEPT. 12, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

PHONE 4-1931 America's Only Total Abstainers Automobile Insurance Co.

Grace C. Milner Keith M. Engar Ila

DECEMBER 1953 897 New Books

1 CHKINo. #DSpd President David O. McKay

Our ninth President of the Church a key to important subjects dishas shed much light on important cussed, including: The Mission of

gospel principles in his many writthe Prophet Joseph Smith, The ings and sermons. The selections ofChurch a World Wide Institution,

fered in this new work enable Church Obligations of Members, Priesthood members to find in one handy referand Its Work, Ward Teaching, and ence volume the essence of President many others. You will certainly

McKay's fine insight into gospel want to own and study this imprinciples. Chapter headings give portant new work. $4.00

Church History

and Modern Revelation No. 3 The First

Joseph Fielding Smith 2, Years 2-Volume Set W. Cleon Skousen

A twovolume reference work for use with the sevenvol- The sweeping drama of the Old Testaume "Documentary History ment story from Adam to Abraham of the Church"... made becomes fascinating reading in this

very usable by a most compopular new book. It's not only a retelling of the Bible stories, but a complete index. Easy to read prehensive, readable account of docand understand, it fulfils a trines of the gospel as revealed from

need long recognized by generation to generation. Including

Church history students. helpful charts. $3.25

4. Set of two volumes—$7.50

898 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

5. Voice of Israel's Prophets 8. Your Faith and You

Mark E. Petersen

insight forthright Elder with Petersen, rare by Dr. Sidney book and B. Sperry A new

"Juvenile directness, discusses topics as such do you worship?"who,"How

..... Neighbor""Courtship Delinquency"and "Loving Marriage"Your Dr. Sperry here examines the major editorials. stirring his a. Collected few.... Deseret... from to name News prophets of the Old Testament. The $3.00

words and works of these great 9. prophets are depicted with enlightTeachings of the

ening commentary. $3.50 Book of Mormon

E. Berrett William 6. Witnesses of the

specific contribution to the Mormon's real philosophy A study of. the.. andBook theof (Clothbound of this great book. message

edition of manual which will be used for the Investigators Class in Sunday 1954.) School, Book of Mormon religious

Preston Nibley $1.40

Here in this book, published for the first time in one volume, are all the present facts pertaining to the lives known and io. Life Eternal of the eleven later experiences witnesses

to the Book of Mormon... not one of

whom ever denied his testimony. $2.75 Lynn McKinlay

Originally prepared for young people visit first to Temple, the their planning7. Pocket Book of Mormon an provides lectures series of four this

Cloth Edition $1.50 7A planfor anyone excellent background $3.25 7B Leather

ning Temple work or desiring general

J,*!**"background to Temple Ordinances. Newly

revised edition. $2.00

in N Book of Mormon Evidences Ancient America Dewey Famsnorth An impressive comparision besimilarities in reports of customs, tween the Book of Mormon actraditions, and records left by count of life in Ancient America and the latest findings of modern these early Americans. Profusely

archeology... points out striking illustrated. $6.00

By the same author DESERET BOOK COMPANY

The Americas Please1 send me the following circled7A books:7B 8 10 11 12

Before for which I enclose check or money order for $..

Columbus Name i $5.00 Address

City State Deseret postpaid. All books sent Church of sales tax. Utah add 2%

to assure 15 Co. reach Deseret Book by December must Orders Utah ResidentsNote: South Temple - Salt Lake City, 44 East

delivery. Christmas

- ''W'fWKJWJWW"'"11'DECEMBER 1953 899 are now being taken to perfect the

THE CHURCH MOVES ON organization of the MIA along division (Concluded from page 896) "Teach One Another the Doctrine of lines to give further growth and impetus

KRON, San Francisco, all in California; the Kingdom"was the theme of the conto festival and activity programs.

of School Deseret the Sunday Seattle;KRSC, Yakima; KYAK, KALE, ference -| President dediDavid O. O McKay Salt Tabernacle. in the held Lake Union all Kelso,Richland; in KELS, *- Washingcated the of the chapel Douglas S. of the Elder Bennion Here Adamton; Portland; PendleKPAM, KWRC, Bonneville (Salt Ward, City) Lake President of the Council Twelve andton; Ashland; Cottage KWIN, KCTG, Stake. speakers. were O. David McKay allGrove; in Lebanon, Oregon. KGAL,

For the first time in history, a conferElder Harold B. Lee of the Council

ence session was telecast outside of the of the Twelve dedicated the chapel of

KSLTV viewing area as the Sunday Elder Richard L. Evans was orthe Challis Ward, Salmon River

8 dained an Apostle by President (Idaho) Stake.morning, October 4, session, was telecast by KNXT, Los Angeles; KGOTV, David O. McKay. Salmon River Stake organized from

San Francisco; KPTV, Portland; and portions of the Lost River (Idaho)

KTNT, Tacoma. 1 A The appointments of Mrs. Grace Stake. With a membership of ap-

"Cheever Milner and Dr. Keith M. proximately fifteen hundred, the stake A meeting for Melchizedek Priesthood -*

class instructors was held in the AsEngar to positions on the general boards contains the Challis, Salmon River sembly Hall on Temple Square. of the Mutual Improvement Associations First, Salmon River Second, and Lemhi

The Presiding Bishopric held a seswere announced. wardsHeber andEarl theStokesLe adoresustainedBranch.as presiElder

insion Salt the for Tabernacle Lake of dent the stake Elders with Harold C. Stake, organized Houston from theirbishops counselors, and members and Haven H. Corbett Edward sustained -|A 1*- portions of the TexasLouisiana stakeof for and ward committees the as his counselors. Lost Stake, River Mission, Dr. with Jack Byron TrunnellAaronic Priesthood for 21, under and a with of membership approximately as sustained president, Virgil Elders andsenior of Priestthe members Aaronic thousand, two consists of Arco, now

as Roland and James C. Bremerhood, including high in Albert councilmen Leslie, Lost River, Mackay, and Moore counselors. wards, their with Newcharge of these presiprograms. Stake wards. of presidency stake, the The bishops, are: Austin Leroy Bishop Ward,dencies inhigh and councilmen were President Cleve Elders Hanse J. and A. Watson; Baytown Bishop Ward, tovited also. in attendance be F. James Jones Beal, and his Burns J. E. Brunson; Howard Beaumont Ward, of returned Groups missionaries and counselors, continue in their unchanged A. Bishop Stout; G. Antonio San Ward,servicemen retheir held semiannual callings. River orStake Salmon was E. Bishop Coles; John Williamsonunions. ganized the direction of under Elder ward, Bishop Elbert Tucker; John Hous-

B. of Harold the Lee of Council the First ton Bishop Ward, H. Marion early welfare morning Church An Presiding Twelve and Bishop Joseph Gibbons; Houston Second Bishop Ward, "meeting in the was held Assembly L. Wirthlin.

Stone. their M. Branches andHall. Edward Elder Howard Packham, formerly secpresidents are: Bryan Branch, President

General conference sessions continued John B. Page; Galveston Branch, Presiond counselor, sustained as first counin the Tabernacle. dent Keith M. Taylor; Jacinto City selor in the Blackfoot (Idaho) Stake

Priesthood meeting convened in the Branch, President Ellsworth Rickers; presidency, succeeding Elder Ensign B.

Tabernacle and adjacent buildings. Orange Branch, President E. C. StockCall. Elder Lawrence T. Lambert susProceedings of that meeting were carton; Lake Charles (Louisiana) Branch, tained as second counselor. Stake

ried by direct wire to assemblies of President Edward Aucoin; Port Arthur President Parley A. Arave is president

priesthood members in Logan and Branch, President Alfred Cheshire; and of this stake.

Provo. The announced attendance of Velasco Branch, President Bryan Ellis. Elder Theodore M. Peterson sustained

as second counselor in the St. George all groups was 16,173. The stake—the 209th now functioning

Groups of returned missionaries and in the Church—has a membership of (Utah) Stake presidency, succeeding

servicemen held their semiannual reapproximately thirtynine hundred. The Elder Ellvert H. Himes.

unions. stake was organized under the direction

of Elders Mark E. Petersen and Delbert O A Elder Hugh B. Brown was set

A Elder Henry D. Moyle addressed L. Stapley of the Council of the Twelve. "v apart as an Assistant to the Coun-

* the "Church of the Air"of the cil of the Twelve by the First PresiColumbia Broadcasting System radio -I Elder Marion Duff Hanks was set dency.

network. Elder Moyle spoke to the sub- "** apart as a member of the First

ject: "Choose This You Day Whom of Seventy. Ye Council the "Great o Teachings of the Book Serve."Will "-|* of of a series lessons Mormon,"of the This concluding was the day

Harold B. Lee dealing that of the Counof with scripture, volume 124th semiannual general conference 14 cilElder of the the dedicated in Salt Twelve City. began Lake Directing the of the Church.

Institute of the building of Recourse is Elder E. Berrett, LDS vice William of L. Elder Evans, Richard a member

ligion, near the University of Alberta president of Brigham University Young First of sincethe the Seventy Council

October 1938, was sustained as a memcampus at Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. in charge of religious education for the

ber of the Council of the Twelve, filling Church.

a vacancy in that quorum occasioned by -| H President Junius Mark Sorensen the passing of Elder Albert E. Bowen. f 'of the Danish Mission dedicated O O High winds blew down two of the

Elder Hugh B. Brown was sustained the chapel of the Odense Branch in ""walls of the recreation hall of

as an Assistant to the Council of the Denmark. the Mound Fort Ward, Farr West

Twelve. It was announced by General Superin- (Utah) Stake. Damage to the building,

Elder Marion D. Hanks was sustendent Elbert R. Curtis and General under construction, was estimated at

tained a member of the First Council President Bertha S. Reeder of the Mubetween seven and ten thousand dolof the Seventy. tual Improvement Associations that steps lars.

900 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA DYNAMIC ENGINE POWER"CRATER

tractor powers the great new WD"45

Listen... its sound tells you something big has happened in Ask your dealer to

DEMONSTRATE these tractor engineering!

5 Great Allis'Chaltners Watch three plow bottoms bite into your toughest soil. The Engineering

hydraulic Traction Booster automatically increases traction of Advancements rear wheels for greater pulling power. The new POWERCRATER engine pours on extra horsepower. THEN—the new POWERCRATER ENGINE

introduces highcompression WD45 tractor really talks! turbulence, CenterFire ignition, highoctane performance

Farm faster... deeper! Handle heavier loads, with rugged with regular gasoline.

new helical gear, 4-speed transmission. Get that extra power AUTOMATIC TRACTION BOOSTER

you have always wanted, yet save several hundred dollars on the increaseswheels fortractiongreater ofpullingdrive price of your tractor. power as needed.

POWERSHIFT WHEELS Mark that name, POWERCRATER. It's power to prosper. use engine power to space

It's yours... in the dynamic new WD45! rear wheels quickly and easily.

TWOCLUTCH POWER CONTROL stops or slows forward travel to ease through tough loads;

lets powerdriven machines continue running.

PlusSNAP COUPLER! Handiest quick*hitch ALUSTRACTOR DIVISION MILWAUKEE 1, O. $. A. for mounted implements ever devised!

DECEMBER 1953 901

KOLOB

means greater FAMILY PROTECTION

Changes in family and business make it wise to review your insurance program. Consult your

KOLOB Agent, he will be happy to go over your insurance problems with you. His free advice

will help you receive the greatThree Sisters Mountains, seen from the summer camp on Lake Scott.

est possible protection for yourself and your family, at the lowest possible cost. Call him WILLAMETTE STARE GOES CAMPING

today! eight glorious days last summer, fireside held immediately thereafter,

Over 300 K O L O B - trained Forthe leaders of Willamette (Oreby group singing and other activities,

Agents serving Utah, Idaho, gon) Stake joined their youths at they learned that there were really

Montana and Nevada. summer camp on Lake Scott, at the no ward nor branch boundaries at the

FRANK SALISBURY, MGR. foot of the Three Sisters Mountains, camp, but instead they were members

some seventyfive miles from the stake of the Willamette Stake of the Church center at Eugene, Oregon. of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Twenty cars filled with girls, repDuring the planning stage, the ofresenting nine of the stakes'wards ficers of the MIA stake board feared 330 Judge Bldg., Salt Lake City and branches, arrived Saturday to they had a problem in keeping the

spend their four days in this camp Sabbath day holy while at camp.

and to participate in what was to be This proved not to be the case, as

for handiadded to, rather than detracting from, CHICK anwasoutdoordividedprogram.into periodsThat afternoon being up among unspoiled nature

of Sister Before of the occasion. direction reverence the the crafts, under -the Vacation

directed Allen; the hour there was swimming, Juanita by Sunday School x 7 V you like Best... Sister Idell 3. Lee, stake YWMIA time for many to get acquainted with

president; and sports, under the dieach other. Ninetyseven persons

CALIFORNIA rection of Sister Georgia Lauritzen. were seated on blankets "Indian

FLORIDA The girls did their own cooking as fashion"on the ground as Elder

OLD MEXICO they enjoyed themselves at supper as Stanley Farr of the stake Sunday

NEW ORLEANS ward and branch units, but at the (Concluded on page 1006) (Perfect for MidWinter Relaxation!)

\... and let

GREYHOUND / help you with I |l the rest cur our and mail today for FREE FOLDER!

GREYHOUND TRAVEL BUREAU 107 West South Temple St.

Salt Lake City 1, Utah

I have checked the vacation I like best. Please send Greyhound's Amazing America Vacation Folder, giving

full, descriptive details about this alluring playground.

Name

Address

City and State.

Springfield Ward girls—winners of sportsmanship trophy.

902 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "(&\xmt nntxt ttt?, all jj? tfyat labour mh utt fjeattjj fabm,

attfc I uiill owe you rt* "Sak? mtj uak* upxm g*w, atttn teartt xrf m?; far J am mk

atifc Imulg ttt fjimrt: att& jj* jsfjaU ftnh r**rt untu jjnur nflulii/*

Wat%wX 1:2020J

—Photo by Camera Clix

Christ Consoling the Oppressed"

DECEMBER 1953 903 CHRISTMAS DINNER By Ethel Peak

whiff of nutmeg, A Cinnamon, and clove,

Of sage and turkey In the kitchen stove;

A welllaid table THE BRIMMING HEART BEST GIFT Silver polished bright,

By Margery S. Stewart By Elaine V. Emans WaitingSoft in candlelight;the moment

i gift, this single place ourselves but bear you hands a mightTnto we Thy is platter the on* If It its What laughter, day, be not good would though all at not MattersFor cheer not need minds. of mortal wisdom we

it is the heart When lift a love of self to nor that need you, Be thought meat can can music noWe festival! the keeps That the heart Your above sway and commonplace

And vision that no greed nor hate can bind. drear.

We love America, her very name It would not be the gift of beauty, though THE MEANING OF CHRISTMAS

Brings essence Cities and men. of aWethousandhave learnedhills intospring,tame SomethingNor even inlove,youmymustverysurelydear,die whowithoutknowit, By Bernice Ames

it. us. so in heart In your about adoring tumult to bringThe be wrong much It may isn't holly wreath a Christmas studied quietness flying stars theThe when packages beneath ribboned Or it if I stripes arrest say, should to not to choose, eyes, were our mineAnd hold back pine. of a fragrant apron The is storeTears. of there. a shining they happiness are But "Here bars No

in, scatter, is revel to to use"love keep our and lackCan away. There To no

isn't candlelight Christmas bless like that for benediction in us a But, best,Of hunger would the but know we night snowsoft the in carols Or I rulest gently as thou completely,Only would and America You can grow. trees to shine. stars near the lean give When in, to as long should peace you You move

red, isn't the color CRY CHRISTMAS live. Christmas

things you have said, kind But all the

Sadleir By Beulah Huish friendly deed For and every warm GREETINGS CHRISTMAS seed. of Is Christmas blossoming

agateTt is not haze of winter new—this Johnson By Lamont

* twilight After snow Christmas should bring happy times TREASURE TROVE frightening silence yieldingThe mistletoe. Lights and Slicer O. By Margaret will"Peace, good toward men"a girl; should have Every man

IAlone, the walk whitened, padded carpet girl beau. a Every

shall I say to who came in him of earth. the glisten should Every with What home May, circle illumined the yellowThe moon, by candlelight; Gifts and daffodils full yellow of hands small its 'round head should with glow Hearts harmony His hills nearby the violets meadow from And starKeeps with the company Venus light. glad and and Warm array? bright in his Falling arms from is there the that dread I reachAnd when

all to away put them then begged me He marketplace quite out turn doesn't Christmas

I one every safe. took So them keep AndI will see in of not the eyes any face Him pray. as Always we sun the in morning nodded had once That on whom are sad, are lonely, some Some day book. Another a in pressed them And star shoneThe far away. Some are

all red and leaves brought he In fall me bells will carol only in theThe spirit the out, stretch Therefore ring—butbright.

gold. child singing its cheer good bright Make with they said, went these,"and he "Keep like his. gentle thereShall be tone... days through ahead Overflow

flowers. the isIf all in there packageladen arms Year. the whole one Through New hold, fingers his look chubby what But now token

hours. chilly winter several of work I The shall resembles weep.That Him—then snowballs small Eight shall I say? What cry cry of God!O of man—O

brings he far Bethlechildren from gone haveThy hem's sight: For me to put with all the other things.

Remove the tinsel—make the world divinely

conscious might. STARFLOWERSOf thy

By Elizabeth Reeves Humphreys JACK FROST: ANTIMODERN

By Maryhale Woolsey ONA Agalaxysparkling,of starswintrytooknightflight, rest. for to pause they wished And when sketch to lush

breast. sweet settled the earth's on jungle scenes They our winter windowpanes;He Uponused

ferns are those well rememberedHow until the sun fell asleep They grasses! flowers and sparkling And touched them, springtime one by one, In

living hours quickened, in those And every gardenBut though now, flowers. into starry wears BOYS AND WINTER them Changed years, gifts as in those otherHis

And laceedge calling cards assure By Pauline Havard

That still the artist passes TVsk any boy why winter is his comrade. COLD CHISELER

Disdaining modern comfort, he ** For answer, see the frozen lake or pond By John Nixon, Jr.

Denies my house his artistry Where skaters are; or watch boys throwing

And lets the morning stare at me snowballs, Sculptors who whittle stone and timber

Through bleak and empty glasses. A dubious sport of which all boys are fond. Are amateurs beside December

At dusk they'll hurry home, their cheeks Who, with no sharper tools than breezes,

MEMO FOR DECEMBER 25 Theylikewilllanterns;be hungry, as only boys can be AndFashionsspiresincomparableand busts fromfriezeshardened rainBy Elinor Lennen Who have skated and sleighed and run in fall.

the tingling cold, (In restrospect, how very plain fall

Better than keeping Christmas Seeking the winter's male society, And all the other seasons!) Never

For heart's or hearth's glad day Its proffered friendship, brusque and manWas there another sculptor clever

Of caroling and feasting, toman; Enough to use the wind to chisel

Is giving it away! And boys respond—as only boyhood can! Such miracles from frozen drizzle.

904 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Wi#

At This Christmastide..

by President David O. McKay

At fromthis oneChristmastide,of the strongestI wouldtestimoniescite a few towordsthe saved."and him Andcrucifiedtodayandit istoourdeclareduty toto preachall the Christworld

divinity of the mission of Jesus the Christ that he is indeed the chief cornerstone, that that we have in sacred literature: through him, and by him, and only by obedience

Peter and John had the previous day passed to his principles, can we have that peace, hapby a lame man who had sat at the temple from piness, contentment, and prosperity in the world his youth and who sought alms from those who for which we are all longing and praying.

went into the temple to worship. You remember The mission of the Church of Jesus Christ

that Peter answered his pleadings by saying: of Latterday Saints is to prepare the way for the

"Silver and gold have I none; but such as I have final establishment of the kingdom of God on

give I thee: In the name of Jesus Christ of earth. The living Christ is its head. The gospel

Nazareth rise up and walk."(Acts 3:6.) is our anchor. The principles of the gospel are

Later, as these Apostles of the Lord Jesus the surest, safest guide to mortal man. Christ

Christ were bearing testimony of his divinity in is the light to humanity. In that light man

Solomon's Court, they were arrested and put in sees his way clearly. When the light is rejected,

hold until the next day when they were brought the soul of man stumbles in darkness. No person,

before the council; and as they stood before their no group, no nation can achieve true success

accusers, this is what Peter said: without following him.

"If we this day be examined of the good deed At this Christmastide I leave this witness with done to the impotent man, by what means he you: that there is only one name given under

is made whole; heaven whereby the principles of righteousness,

"Be it known unto you all, and to all the peoof peace, of contentment, of eternal life can be is Jesus ple of Israel, that by the name of Jesus Christ of established among men, and that name

Nazareth, whom ye crucified, whom God raised the Christ, the Redeemer of the world. I know

from the dead, even by him doth this man stand he is our Savior. I know the world must accept

here before you whole. him. They must sooner or later bow before him

as the King of kings and Lord of lords.

"This is the stone which was set at nought May God help us to be true to him, help us of you builders, which is become the head of the to bear testimony to the world by our acts, by corner. gentleness, charity, love, by service to one another

"Neither is there salvation in any other:, for and to the world, that we know that he has rethere is none other name under heaven given vealed to men in this dispensation the truth that

among men, whereby we must be saved."{Ibid., God lives, that his Son is the Redeemer of the

4:9-12.) world and that the gospel is the eternal plan of

That is my testimony to Israel and to the world salvation.

today: "... there is none other name under May each Christmas find the members of the

heaven given among men, whereby we must be (Concluded on following page)

i'\CNCCN>QNCN5<5<5<N >CiCS>CiC<, z&Jtt/ l/ l/ i// *3 JLCt>is

DECEMBER 1953 905 THE EDITOR'S PAGE (Concluded from preceding page) peace unto the ends of the earth."(D. & C.

Church truer, purer, and nobler than the last, 105:39.)

that they with minds and hearts united may hasten May God's peace abide in your hearts and in the day when "the Lord will bless his people with the hearts of people everywhere as they draw near peace,"(Ps. 29:11) and they may "lift up an to him in prayer, supplication, humility, and

ensign of peace, and make a proclamation of praise at this Christmastide.

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

THE MARRIAGE OF ABRAHAM, JOSEPH, drivingand up thethe Nile.originalTheseinhabitantsSemitic peoplefarther knownsouth

AND MOSES TO EGYPTIAN WOMEN as Hyksos, or shepherds, for they had many flocks and herds, were in possession of the land of Egypt for many years before the time of AbraQuestion: ham. Their rule lasted for some five hundred

years, and they were in possession of the land

We were discussing in our Sunday School, when Joseph was taken into Egypt. It was a

and it seemed to he the general opinion that Hyksos king who befriended Joseph and who was

Hagar, being an Egyptian, had Negro blood. friendly with Abraham and Isaac. While these

I was of the opinion Abraham would not people occupied the land of Egypt, they were take a wife with Negro blood, and I thought called Egyptians, although they were relatives of the Egyptians were of the white race, but a Abraham and Joseph, being descendants of Shem, leading brother was present, and he stated the condition being similar to the early settlers that Ishmael could not hold the priesthood, in the United States. Most of these settlers were

and it was on account of Negro blood. English, but after the Revolutionary War they

There is also an account of Joseph and Moses were known as Americans, and all who come to marrying Egyptian women. It did not seem this land from England, Germany, Scandinavia,

to affect their standing in the priesthood, and and other countries, who become citizens are called

I thought they also must have been of the Americans.

white race. Will you kindly straighten us The wife of Joseph was Asenath, daughter of

on this matter? Potipherah, the high priest of On. Dr. A. H.

Sayce, an English scholar and archaeologist, states that the name of this priest means "the gift of the sungod,"and the name Asenath probably is not Egyptian. He further says Egyptian law

Abraham, Joseph, and Moses had married prevented the marriage of Joseph with the daughIf Negro wives their descendants would have been ter of the king as "None but those of the royal denied the priesthood according to the word blood of Egypt might marry one of the solar of the Lord to Abraham. (See Abraham 1:2127.) race. But the priestly head of the state religion

Had such a thing happened the Lord would not ranked next to the Pharaoh, and in marrying his have called Israel as a chosen people, neither daughter, therefore, Joseph was taken into the would he have chosen the Prophet Joseph Smith very heart of the royal circle. It placed him at

and given him the keys of authority for the Disonce on a footing of equality with the highest pensation of the Fulness of Times, as he was a nobles of Egypt."(Joseph and The Land of Egypt,

descendant of Joseph and of Abraham. p. 62.)

For many years preceding the time of AbraSo Abraham, Joseph, and Moses married women ham the descendants of Egyptus occupied and govof their own race, and we need have no worry erned in Egypt. They extended their dominion over our lineage, because we are of that same race.

into the land of Canaan and oppressed the people, but the time came when the people of Asia, who were of the Semitic race, rebelled and made Cy4C war on the Egyptians and conquered the country, 906 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Dfa (fthrtBtma0

by Alta Higbee Jacobsen

home. It wouldn't do tolet Great

Aunt Martha and Great Aunt Alice get there before she did.

"Daddy!"she cried as she slammed

through the door. "Daddy, and

Margie and Jim! Quick, hide the

presents. Great aunts Martha and

Alice are coming to see if we haven't any Christmas spirit."

"We can't let them find out!"big

brother Jim exclaimed, grabbing an armload of halfwrapped gifts and heading for the stairs. "Margie, bring

the paper! Dad, get the string!"

Minutes later, excited and breathless, they viewed the more orderly living room, void of any sign of presents.

A gaily trimmed tree stood in the corner. Each grinned at the other,

and the littlest one laughed with sheer delight. "Now, remember"Dad said, "we mustn't let them know. The Savior

said we must not do our good deeds to be seen of men. They must not

guess that each year we hunt up some needy family and give them a complete merry Christmas. On our birthdays we receive gifts, but Christmas

is to celebrate the Savior's birthday and.so we give our gifts to him—by

helping those in need. He has said,

'Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me.'And since

we celebrate this as his birthday, we give our presents to him by helping those in need."

"That's right, Dad!"they all

greataunts looked at The the silent faces before them, chorused just before the greataunts... erect, heads eyes shining.

came in. "Now, John,"Great Aunt Martha

Theymas,"neverGreatgetAuntanythingMarthaforsaid.Christ-"I one.added, And"thatmy!is, howall buther theeyeslittlestlight saidknowwithwhydetermination,you don't have"wethe wantChristto

don't see how John can be so up and shine when you mention mas spirit in your home. We feel it's

stingy with his family."Christmas presents. You'd actually our duty to speak to you about it."

"But on their birthdays"Great think she was happy over Christmas, The great aunts looked at the silent

Aunt Alice mused; "on their birthdays even without presents."faces before them, the heads erect,

they get such wonderful gifts. I "There's something queer goes on eyes shining, mouths tightly closed,

wonder why it is? Do you think it's in that house all right, and all these and threw up their hands in despair.

because they have no Christmas years since Clara died, too. I think "You know,"Great Aunt Alice said

spirit? Even the children do not give we ought to speak to John about it. as they were walking home, "I had

gifts to one another. It's very strange Let's go over there now."more of a feeling of the Christmas

indeed."The littlest one, who had entered spirit in that house than I have ever

"And when you say anything to through the front door in time to hear felt anywhere before."

them about it they all shut up just their conversation, slipped away "It's very queer,"Great Aunt like clams,"Great Aunt Martha quickly, unnoticed. She hurried Martha said, puzzled, "very queer."

DECEMBER 1953 907

\J LKJ

by Pauline French Stacy

a j ingle skips so few notes here and there,

is thing important what! most Askdayyourof thechildyearwhatis. Ifhishe favoriteis anycomesbell season,to ringingMother,theisbellup tothisyou. The

thing like my youngsters, his From toddler to teenager, our not to dim the song in her heart. If

bright little eyes will light up like a youngsters welcome the opportunity you have a phonograph, buy Christpair of twinkling stars as with a smile to take active part in all that is going mas records—brightly colored, unhe answers, "Christmas!"on. They like to be busy and they breakable plastic ones for the tots;

Do you blame him? He can count need to be busy, not only for our traditional tunes in the newest songall the Christmases he remembers on peace of mind but also for their own styles for the late teenagers. Sing

his own fingers. How new the big proper development. with the radio if you must, or without

green wreath tied with gay red bow If the children's Christmas at your musical accompaniment at all, but do looks on the front door; how fragrant house has been a passive rather than sing. Encourage the family to sing

the tree in the living room, the goodactive one, then perhaps this will together. Not being able to read a

ies taking shape in the kitchen; how provide the recipe for a muchnote or carry a tune is no excuse:

mysterious the packages stowed away needed change. That your heart swells with Christin bedroom closets. First off, let your house ring with mas spirit is the important thing.

Christmas time is the busiest part song. If Daughter plays the piano, And having plenty of copies of words

of the year, and it should be the hapbuy plenty of sheet music within the and music to all the wellknown piest. But how near your family range of her ability. And if she Christmas songs will help.

At the age of two, my precocious niece can recite "'Twas the Night before Christmas."My own daughter

is content to hear it read; and of

course if I try to cut corners by skipping a word here and there, she is quick to point it out. While there's

nothing wrong with Santa Claus, we should not overlook the real story of

Christmas, which is found in the

Bible, in the second chapter of Luke, beginning with the eighth verse.

Older children will long remember an afternoon or evening spent in reading Dickens'A Christmas Carol themselves. Let them invite a few

friends to share the reading; and ply

them with popcorn, candied apples, or whatever other simple refreshment they like.

When it comes to the children's making ornaments, it is the knowhow that counts. They will probably

bring oneof-a-kind decorations from school, and you may want to buy construction paper at your stationery store so that they can make an effec- (Continued on page 982) IW&W&

"The children were nestled all snug in their beds,

While visions of sugarplums danced in their heads.'

908 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA P|MlffiflMfflfBMBIH|f '''....-;;>;g;:;;.,.:::;::; "/V;V#"',;t..:.:..:.:..:.:: i.-SlvS::

Little Tommy Nez climbed upon the seat with his father as his two sisters climbed in the back... and curled up in their blankets by their mother, preparing themselves

for the fivemile ride to the store.

tin* Nanajna(Ehristmaa among

by Robert L. Walker

Theley windflats rushedand upthroughthe thehilltops,valtraderthereabout.or the different religious groups sisterson theclimbedsheepskinin thehidesback,andsat curleddown

around the ancient rocks carved In one hogan the eyes of the three up in their blankets by their mother, and sculptured by the heavy winds children of Hosteen Nez Begay preparing themselves for the fivemile and numerous storms from long ago. sparkled with excitement as through ride to the store. Most of the time

Some resemble definite objects while a screen of small flakes of snow, they Tommy rode with his eyes closed to others stand ghostlike on the sidewatched their father hitch up the the storm, the wool robe pulled up hills or in the valley below. In a buckskin and sorrel mares to the iron over his ears and mouth, his hat

soft, yet exciting way it caresses the wheel wagon. Then their glad emopulled down low to protect his face

inhabitants of the Navajo wasteland. tions were quickly hidden as their from the falling snow. The wool

Because it was Christmas day, mother shouted, scolding them, but as blanket felt warm pulled up tight throughout the various hogans dotted she turned her back, their thoughts around him. Of all the robes he had

over the horizon, the hearts of the again turned to Christmas day at the ever seen, he liked this one best. He

dwellers swelled with joy. Although tradingpost. Finally the wagon was could remember last summer when

Christmas is nothing but another day ready. Mother had provided blankets his father had returned from work on

to most of the Navajos in their own and quilts for the occasion, for the the railroad. He was proud of his

homes, this day always stirs joy withsnow was increasing upon the ground. father and watched closely as he

in their souls because of the nearby Little Tommy Nez climbed upon laid the money on the counter to pay

Christmas party sponsored by the the seat with his father as his two (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1953 909 CHRISTMAS AMONG THE NAVAJOS (Continued from preceding page) ducked their heads and smiled shyly watched them closely. He noticed

the bill. Tommy could remember at each other, pulling their bright their short hair and clean clothes.

very plainly that after the bill was colored shawls over their heads to He was afraid to look at his own paid his father had two twentydollar hide embarrassed expressions caused clothes, for they were dirty and old.

bills left. That was a lot of money. by the boldness of the boys. His cheeks were hot, and he felt all

Tommy's heart leaped to his mouth Tommy turned around to stare at alone. He thought he could feel the

when his father told him to pick out the owner of the voice. He was a eyes of the people staring at him.

the robe he wanted. He could retall, slender boy with a thin, high He clung a little closer to his father

member how intent he was when he cheekboned face. He had on a wideas the boys walked out through the

pointed to the blue striped robe. brimmed brown "Miller made"westdoor. He longed to go out and play

As his thoughts came to this point, ern hat. It was turned up on the with them, but he was afraid they

he opened his eyes to glance at the sides. Its top was pushed down to would laugh at him and tease him.

pretty robe wrapped around him. He form a semicircle shaped like a A big lump came up in his throat.

noticed that it had quit snowing. He horseshoe. He wore a pair of Levis He and Jimmy Begay had often

could look out over the flats and see that fit tight around his slender, played with each other while they several other people journeying to the bowed legs, and a Levi jumper with were out herding sheep. He wanted

tradingpost. They, too, were atprongs of white leather encircling his to rush over and greet Jimmy. Howtracted there by the party. The chest and back, hanging from the ever, abiding by Navajo tradition, he

closest one Tommy recognized as seams. He also wore a bright western kept his emotions to himself. He reTobaha Badoni, the medicine man. pinstriped shirt and a shining new membered one time when he had

He had sung over Tommy's father pair of boots with spurs that jingled been at the store when the trader's last spring, after he had been sick with every movement of his feet. He motherin-law came out to see them.

all winter. Tommy had sat up stood close to the fire talking in a She came in and put her arms around

watching the gray and withered old way that made the other boys utter the white man's wife and acted like medicine man, listening to his perlittle cackles of laughter that pene- a baby. It was so disgusting!

sonal chants all three nights. trated through the cool air. They

to his father over shake He followed girls, in the dressed watching it were also hard remembered how He his son Begay and hands with John skirts satin velvet brightcolored and to the next been dayhad stay awake while out herding sheep. He could plush blouses, their jewelry of silver Jimmy. Soon afterwards Tommy and

the over out tramping were Jimmy belts, bracelets, turquoise: beads, and plainlysee quite medicine the man

hills tradingpost, the throwaround sparklearrings, and hairpins, his jog rings, horse watchednow. He

at that ing rocks empty pop bottles they the -sunlight. ing in Although trot, easy bouncingalong calmly at an

his rider up and down at each step. knew they were watched by the boys, were strewn over the ground. They

Tobaha Badoni rode along very they dared not turn around to meet ran about until they were too cold longer, play they then any wentcasually. From a distance it looked their eyes. to

fire over to the stood watching and as if he were asleep, but he had spent Tommy did not know the tall boy's the people. Little flurries of snow

seeing in but remembered he hours him the saddle and knew name,many were again falling upon the ground.

his at ease. time to ride at go to the same workhow

As they neared the tradingpost, father had last summer. He also reSoon the people were all gathered

they could see the large crowd gathermembered seeing him and the youngaround the large fire. The stew was

ing. The sun now came peeping out est of the girls who had just arrived cooked, and everything was ready.

through the soft white clouds to wish at the squaw dance last summer at They formed a line, the children first.

everyone a Merry Christmas. John Begay's place. They had danced Tommy and Jimmy couldn't underThrills of joy ran through the chilmost of the time with each other. stand this, for always before they were

dren as the wagon pulled up to a Once in awhile their happy voices served after their parents. About the

large cottonwood tree, and their would ring out in laughter sounding time they were finished a man stood fathers stepped down to unhitch the out above the highpitched singing up and told them there were more horses. Little Tommy climbed shyly of the large group around the fire. soft drinks. They were the first ones

out of the wagon; he could feel the By this time Tommy's mother had in line.

eyes of the people watching him. started their fire. Tommy and his After they had finished eating, a

He went around on the opposite side father took their contribution of meat large man with a deep, penetrating hoping that the eyes of the people for the feast over to the fire where voice talked to the people about the would be turned away to watch other the meal was being prepared. He latest news from Window Rock. Then

wagons. saw many people coming with their one of the Gama-lih ("Mormon")

The closest group, and also the contributions. He also saw two missionaries told the people why

noisiest, was a group of young boys. missionaries, the trader's wife, and Christmas is celebrated. Again the

Their eyes were on the coming wagon other people helping to prepare the children were lined up around a tree which was burdened down with two food. with all kinds of brightly colored

heavyset squaws and three young Tommy and his father then went things on it. Each child was given a

girls. As the wagon rolled past, one on into the store where they greeted bag containing an apple, an orange,

of the boys said something that caused some of their friends. As they stood and candy. Then they were given two

the group of boys to break into in the store, a group of schoolboys packages wrapped in colored paper.

boisterous laughter. The three girls about Tommy's age passed by. He (Continued on page 980)

910 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Children's

Books

ForthereLatterdayis always Sainta desireyoungthat theyfolk Najmehby an LDSNajafi.author,Thishas book,the rarewrittendisthepeople.animalsWhenare anthemselvesauthor dressesand nothis

learn more of their own faith. tinction of being a Harper Find. animals in clothes and makes them

There are several books that will Curious Missie (Harcourt, Brace & behave like people, parents will do help them do this: The Youngest Co.) by Virginia Sorensen gives inwell to question the book.

Soldier by Mabel Harmer (Deseret sight into the Georgia cotton area Some good ones come from the

Book Company) tells the story of and therefore becomes valuable in TellWell Press: Benny and the Birds

Marty Howe and his family, converts increasing the horizons of young by Frank Ennis and Palomino Pony to the Church in England. Marty readers. by Bill and Bernard Martin. A group

finds himself with Major Lot Smith This season the REAL BOOK series of twelve short stories by Katherine when he went out to stop the advance (Garden City Books) offers several Woolley is included under the title of Johnston's army in Echo Canyon. fascinating new books by different The Animal Train and Other Stories

LDS Adventure Stories (Bookcraft) authors. There are books about (William Morrow and Company,

compiled by Preston Nibley will proSpace Travel, Treasure Hunting, Inc.). The Little Twin by Grace

vide stories for home and auxiliary Christopher Columbus, Daniel Boone, Paull, and Little Frightened Tiger by use. The Story of Our Church for Games, Wild West, Easy Music MakGolden MacDonald and Leonard

Young Latterday Saints (Bookcraft) ing, Stars, and Great American JourWeisgard are among those recently by Emma Marr Petersen will also aid neys. The latter book contains two released by Doubleday & Company.

the young in gaining a knowledge of vivid chapters about the Latterday Sally Scott, beloved author of animal the history of the Church. Saints—the expulsion from Nauvoo, stories for youngsters, relates the exNext to the knowledge of our own the journey to the valley, and the citing adventures of a dog and a cat,

belief should come an understanding beginning of life and irrigation in the family pets, in Jonathan and Benjie of the world as a whole. Persia Is Rocky Mountains. Seldom has a and His Family (Harcourt Brace &

My Heart (Harper and Brothers) by truer and fairer picture of this phase Co.) The Christmas Bunny (HarHelen Hinckley introduces the young of Church history been told in brief court, Brace & Co.) by Will and

adult—or the older one for that matstory form. Our young people will Nicolas is selfexplanatory as is The

ter—to an entirely different world, love it. Horse With the Easter Bonnet (Morbut one that has been bridged beautiSpecial occasion books are good to row) by Jane Thayer. Spike, the

fully by the young Persian girl, have in the library, such as The HapStory of a Whitetail Deer (Morrow) py Birthday Book by Charlotte Steiner by Robert M. McClung devotes it-

(Garden City Books) for children self to the life of a deer against the from one to six, and The Night Bechanging background of four seasons.

fore Christmas, designed and illusSam and the Inkspot (Morrow) by trated by Bill and Bernard Martin Margaret S. Johnson relates the ad-

(TellWell Press) which includes a ventures of a dog and cat.

new "WhirlyTwirly"toy for home The Little House on Wheels by decoration. Steve Benedict and The Funny Old

Books for the very young cover a Man and the Funny Old Woman wide range of subjects, but can be (TellWell Press) by Martha Barber roughly divided into a few classifiare also interesting. Lunch for Lenny

cations. Among the adventure tales, (William Morrow & Company, Inc.)

Doubleday & Company present again by Meg Wohlberg will be enlightenthe activities of Charlotte Steiner's ing to mother as well as to her young ever popular Kiki in Kiki Goes To offspring.

Camp, along with Hurrah For FredWhat is more inspirational to die (Robert Bright), Peter's Long young people than true stories

Walk (Lee Kingman), and Danny's about great personalities—stories that

Luck (Lavinia R. Daveys). will be remembered and treasured

Animal stories are always welcome. throughout the years to come? Among

Ordinarily these satisfy the love chilthe new books offering such stories dren have for animals. One general are Three Rivers South (the story of

rule for good animals stories is that (Continued on page 1005)

DECEMBER 1953 911 few minutes. How did you find him?

Is he a relative?"

"No, he ain't a real relative. We

- jist'boutsaythreewe'reyearsbrothers.ago. I I wentfounddownhim - to the hobo camp one mornin', an'Into 2Ftp %m#t I wuz pokin'around in the tin cans

Conclusion and paper sacks when I heard

Chuckie whimperin'in some old by Elsie Chamberlain Carroll blankets under a tree. That's how I

found him."

"How did he come to be in such a place? Who is he? Where are his

Judge Thorne had about decided the disposition of the Butch Moran case. people? Had he been there long in

Butch was a hardened young man indeed, and the judge hated the decision that the hobo camp?"

in the his leaving the morning. chambers, he must Then, judge make met "Chuckie said he and his uncle jist until a befriended been homeless Chuck, had Butch. by he was waif who Now,

speaking to Chuck, and seeing how they both lived, Judge Thorne learned a got there that day. They hid in a

of to the ageold question meaning keeper?"new I my brother's "Am With freight car. They had a fight 'bout

befitting in his heart the season, warmness Christmas a new Judge Thorne hurried that night to the jail to interview Butch Moran. him. The rest o'the hobos didn't

want a kid in the camp."

"Where is the uncle now? Didn't

he come back?"

caretaker looked at him curi- "Sit down, Butch, and let's talk "I ain't never seen him. Chuckie

Teously. about Chuck. told me what he could 'bout it, but

"He's the one that wrecked The sullen face lifted, and the he wuz only five an'wuz in bed young Gary Burke's car, isn't he? brooding eyes searched the man's when the fight started an'too scared

And almost killed Gary."face. to make a noise."

"Yes, that's the one.""You seen Chuckie?"he demanded. "And he's been your adopted

"He's a hard customer."The diminutive form of the name brother for three years?"

"Will you bring him to the waitand a touch of wistfulness and con- "Yep."The boy had grown quite

ing room?"cern in the voice gave the judge at ease as he told his story.

In a few moments Butch appeared, heart. "And what about you, Butch?

sullen and defiant. "Yes, I took him home tonight."Where are your folks?"

"Hello, Butch,"the judge said, Butch became agitated. "I ain't got none. My Ma died

groping in his mind for words to "He ain't done nothin'. Chuckie when I was born, an'my old man got

bridge the abyss between them. wouldn't do nothin'bad. He ain't killed in a mine when I was seven."

The boy grunted half audibly and in trouble, is he?"The concern was

stood with fists clenched. In the sigenuine. He looked at Butch, slumped in the delence that followed he gave one "No, no, he isn't in trouble. But fendant'sgoing throughchair.the Heboy'swonderedmind. what was

furtive glance upward to meet he's worried about you."

Thome's eyes. Again the man "Is anyone givin'him grub?"

thought of the puppy he had be- "He isn't hungry tonight. Butch, "Who took care of you?"

friended long ago. tell me about Chuckie.""One o'the men what worked in

"I've just seen a friend of yours, There was silence. The boy's eyes the mine let me stay with him when

Butch,"the judge said, hoping to scanned the floor. Finally he asked, he wuzn't drunk. When he'd git

find an opening through the wall of "Why?"drunk he'd beat me; so me an'some

resentment the boy had set between "I'd lfke to know. He's a fine little other kids run away and come here

them. 'bout four years ago."fellow, idolizes you. he and How did "I ain't got no friends.""Haven't you ever had a job? How to care take of him? you come He

"Oh, but you have, as loyal a says you adopted him for a brother. do you live?"

friend as any man could wish for."Won't you tell me how it happened?""I had a job onct in a grocery

store, dent fired. the wordMaybe man would I stole some the Another silence. but—I—got

wall. it used remembered oranges how an'cookies He fer Chuckie when

to seem to add visible inches to Ted's "I'd like to do something for the wall fell on him an'hurt his leg."

height and sense of importance. Chuckie, now you can't take care of ''Didn't you ever go to the Red

But no perceptible change was aphim. I'm interested in him."Cross or the church for help?"

parent in the youth before him. "If that's on the level, guess I kin "Course not."

"Your friend wants you to have a tell ya. Now 7 can't look out fer him "But their work is to help folks in

nice Christmas."till I git out. How long ya goin't'need."

"Christmas!"sneered Butch. send me up for?""We got along—till—now—

"What's that?""Let's talk about Chuckie for a "Butch, I wish you would tell me

912 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA how you can do it. Tomorrow when

I have to give a ruling on your case, will you, for Chuckie's sake, cooperate in anything I think is for his best good—and for yours?"

There was no reply for a time. The

boy rubbed one foot against the leg of his chair. His face seemed to grow

old with an unnamed dread. Finally

he looked up and asked haltingly, "You wouldn't ast me never—never

to see him agin? Would ya—for fear

bein'with me'd make him bad? Ya

wouldn't ast that, would you, Jedge?"

"No, Butch, we will not ask that."

Thome's own voice was husky.

For a time Butch studied the judge's face as if trying to read his fate. At

last"I—I—ifhe spoke.it's for Chuckie—I promise."

"I assure you, Butch, whatever we do will be for Chuckie's best good and for yours. Thank you for talking

to me. Good night."

As Judge Thorne drove home, many thoughts crowded his mind.

Because of so many recent cases of hoodlumism there was sure to be violent opposition to the plan forming in his mind; to any disposition of the

case short of severe punishment for

Butch. Public opinion seemed to be

demanding that an example be made of him in the hope of deterring others from similar crimes. He realized

the many obstacles he would have to combat. One thing was comforting.

He could depend on Marian for warm, loyal support. His project would

give her something significant to do, and help to keep her from worrying so much about Ted..

It was late before, with Marian's assistance, he had worked out the details of his plan to provide an anchor for Butch and Chuckie—

He had no feeling of selfpride in what you wouldn't tell the lawyers. We know that. Won't you tell me the work he was setting out to do.

Why did you wreck Gary Burke's who was with you?"Instead he was humble. He had recar?""I ain't a squealer. It was me that ceived a lesson from Butch's example

The boy stiffened, and his eyes thought of it, and it was mainly me in following the admonition: "Inasdropped. burned in his voice that Hate done it, and I ain't sorry—only much the least—as ye have done it unto one of answered. fer Chuckie."he finallywhen

"When he called me a wop and a There was no doubt that the boy's He could not let a wayward child dirty rat and yelled at me to git off one vulnerable spot was his love for of the streets outdo him in mercy the road—I—I made up my mind to his little charge. The judge seized and Christian helpfulness.

do something. Why does he come upon it.

down where we live? It ain't his "Butch, you've done a lot for YJiTnEN court was called to order the

road—I—well, I had to do it."Chuckie, and I know you'd like to next day, the room was packed,

"You were not alone in this, Butch. do a lot more. I'm going to tell you (Continued on page 991)

DECEMBER 1953 913 HUGH B. BROWN

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

by Dr. Sidney B. Sperry

DIRECTOR OF RELIGIOUS INSTRUCTION

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

Editor's Note: On October 4, 1953, members of the Church in General

Conference in the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City, raised their hands to sustain

Elder Richard L. Evans as a member of the Council of the Twelve Apostles,

Elder Hugh B. Brown, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve, and Elder Marion

D. Hanks to the First Council of the Seventy. Articles on Brother Brown and

Brother Hanks are presented herewith. An article on Brother Evans is being

held for the January issue.

hundreds of Brother Brown's stuas a major in the Canadian army and dents. He will always be remembered saw great service in that bloody conas a Christian gentleman, and a flict. I well remember the stir he

greater tribute I cannot pay him. made among young and old alike

"Whoever,"said Emerson, "is open, when he came to Salt Lake City to loyal, true; of humane and affable demake his home. He became president

meanor; honorable himself, and in of Granite Stake, and many are the

his judgment of others; faithful to folk who even yet go out of their way

his word as to law, and faithful alike to tell me of the love they have for to God and man—such a man is a "President"Brown. He was twice

true gentleman."president of the British Mission, and

to missionaries only one has to speak be in B. Brown's Hugh One cannot Elder Hugh B. Brown to realize the served under him who that being presence aware without

for great influence and good power is in of a great the one said, man. company once Beecher WardHenry lives. in their he wielded During poise, dignity, genthe and the the sun goes below He has "When

horizon, he is not set; the heavtility that carry with them the instant World War II, Elder Brown acted as

ens glow for a full hour after his respect and liking of his fellow men. coordinator for LDS servicemen. He

departure."And when Hugh B. When Brother Brown came to inspired and encouraged young

Brown retired from Brigham Young Brigham Young University in 1947, soldiers to a degree that few men

University in April 1950, he left a he already had to his credit an ordicould match. Add to all of these acspiritual and religious glow that has nary lifetime of service in civil, milicomplishments the fact that Brother

never been forgotten by the faculty tary, legal, and Church pursuits. Brown has practised law in both

members of that institution nor by the During World War I he had served (Continued on page 983)

Elder Hugh B. Brown with

members of his family, photograped about February 1944:

front row, left to right, Elder

Brown, Sister Zina Y. C. Brown,

Mary B. Firmage, Edwin R.

Firmage (sonin-law). Back

row, left to right: Zola B. Hodson, Margaret B. Jorgensen,

Clinton C. Jorgensen (sonin-

law), Carol B. Bunker, Zina

B. Brown, C. Man ley Brown,

Grace B. Brown (daughterin-

law), and Lejune B. Munk. Inset, Hugh C. Brown, who lost

his life in World War II.

914 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MARION DUFF HANKS

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

man. He knows, loves, and appreHillside (Salt Lake City) Stake.

ciates their viewpoints; he knows how When the call came to the First

to bring the best out of them; but he Council of the Seventy, his thirtyis anchored by many years of teachsecond birthday was still over a week

ing, of growth, and of activity in the away.

Church. He was a Sunday School In the mission field his record was

teacher at the age of fifteen—assigned outstanding. Serving as a field secreto teach boys not much younger than tary, he traveled the mission with

himself. He was a member of the President Leo J. Muir. When Presistake boards of MIA and Sunday dent Muir was absent, Elder Hanks

School in Salt Lake Stake (where conducted the district conferences. In

he was born and reared) before acone year he filled over seven huncepting a call to fulfil a mission in dred assignments as he accompanied the Northern States (19421944). a ladies'missionary sextet, appearing

He was a member of the Church with the gospel message in words and championship M Men 19th Ward song before civic organizations, basketball team in 1947; he is a schools, hospitals, and churches.

Master M Man; he has performed, When President David I. Stoddard

especially during June conferences, a succeeded President Muir in the misnumber of special services for the sion field, Elder Hanks accompanied general boards of the MIA. While him on his first visit to the branches

attending the law school at the Uniand districts of the mission.

Elder Marion D. Hanks versity of Utah he was active in Shortly after returning from the

Delta Phi, the returned missionaries'mission field he enlisted in the United social fraternity, and at present States Navy. There were about sixson..of. Jonas,Jesus lovestsaith tothouSimonme. Peter,..? HeSimon,saith

unto him, Yea, Lord thou knowest that I serves as adviser to the chapter on hundred Latterday Saint men in love thee. He saith unto him, Feed my the University of Utah campus. He training at the San Diego Naval Base

lambs. is much sought after as a fireside (many like him, having just returned

He saith to him again the second time, speaker, he has a class at the Mission from the mission field), and Elder lovestSimon, thou of Jonas, son me? He Home in "difficult questions"; and on Hanks was chosen by the Church to

saith knowest thou Yea, Lord; unto him,

that I love thee. He saith unto him, Feed Sunday morning was the adviser for be the group leader. Later he bemy sheep. (John 21:1516.) the teachers'quorum of the Aaronic came a first class petty officer aboard

Priesthood in the Wasatch Ward, (Continued on page 1007)

Toflockbe seemsa trustedto be caretakera special ofcallingthe of Elder Marion Duff Hanks who, on conference Sunday, October 4, 1953, was sustained as a member of the First Council of the Seventy.

Early and late his classes (at Salt

Lake City West High Seminary where he serves as principal, and at the Institute of Religion where he is an instructor) arc as a beacon light to students who beat a path to the classroom doors. When he is not with the

youth of Zion, counseling and encouraging them, he is at his assigned duties as assistant director of the

Bureau of Information on Temple

Square (a position he has held for more than five years, having been a guide on that worldfamed square since 1946). There he greets thousands of tourists with the message of

the restored gospel each year. Elder Marion D. Hanks with his wife, the former Maxine Christensen, and their two

Elder Hanks is a young people's daughters, Susan Gay, 3; and Nancy Marie, 2.

DECEMBER 1953 915 w WLet Nothing You Dismay by Estelle Webb Thomas

The last word came out in a startled squeak as Jerry stepped on his hem and plunged into the cradle.

Doesn't seem much like Christmas career of a government doctor, transand said, awkwardly, "I don't want time,"Jerry grumbled, staring fers were frequent. But Marie found to do it, really, but Miss Black says

out the window at the dry lawns excitement in setting up a new home us kids must not go back on her.

and bare maples. and making new friends and had The Indian kids aren't such good

"In more ways than one,"his succeeded in making him and the actors."He kept talking, hoping to

mother murmured, and Roger gave children think this an ideal life. break through his mother's strange

her a troubled glance. Marie had Could it be because this time he had shell.

not been herself since they came to been transferred to Indian service? Roger saw Mrs. Morley, wife of

the reservation. He struggled with a She was saying now, rather sharply, the superintendent, in the post office

feeling of irritation; surely she was "You'd better hurry, Jerry, you'll be that morning.

not so old she could no longer take late for school.""Good morning, Doctor, and how

transplanting. After all, they were "O.K. Say, Mom, can you dig me is Mrs. Ellison? I've been meaning to

still young—well, barely middleup a costume thing? I gotta be a call, but you know how it is—thisaged; and they had always felt so wise man."busy season—"she went out, muryoung! He had thought Marie had "I suppose I can shorten Dad's muring excuses.

more zest for life than anyone he bathrobe,"Marie said, indifferently, "Miz Ellison will find folks aren't knew; she had been the very essence and Roger thought, involuntarily, of too sociable here—not till they get

of warmth and gaiety, as full of the joy she had always found before well acquainted,"the postmaster fun as Chris and Cecily and Jerry. in making costumes for the children's commented, busily thumbing through

Always before, she had made an various activities. Jerry, too, felt the a parcel of letters. "I figger it's beadventure of their moves and, in the difference, without understanding it cause they come from all over the

916 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA map. All have their different ways him that she had been clinging to the Christmas trees where there's no

and don't mix too well; not like the frail hope of it. That was why he snow or anything?"

little town I grew up in, but these had insisted on taking her with him. "Honey, listen,"Marie put her arm

folks are sure good friends when you Jerry was hanging some paper around him and looked compassionfinally get to know them,"he added, chains he had made in school in unately into his face (then she had been as Roger turned to leave. even loops across the window when touched by his solo performance, after

Now, maybe that was what ailed they came in. all), "why not just sort of let ChristMarie! So far as he knew, she had "Mom, where are the Christmas mas slide, this year? As you say, ithad no callers. But that would not ornaments?"he demanded. "We aldoesn't seem like Christmas—have mattered, once; Marie had found ways have the house decorated long "But Mom—"Jerry was as horriher happiness in her family. He before this."He looked somehow fied as if she had suggested mass

stopped short in the street. How pathetic, Roger thought, with his pitisuicide.stupid he had been. Of course she ful paper chain. There has always "Everything's different—Chris—

voice odd, but she so sounded and bustle Marie's much laughter not been could themissed children—Jerry overseas. hurried on, "Chris decorating for Christmas. about He looked placefill the of three. He

hurriedly through the mail. A letter "Still packed, I suppose,"Marie won't have much of a Christmas!

from Cecily and, yes, a thin airmail answered, "I wouldn't know where And Cecily and Glenn in that trainletter. Chris! He'd dash home bethe box is."ing camp, where they don't know a

"I'll go through the garage after soulfore going to the hospital—Marie

must not be made to wait till noon supper, I'll bet I can find it,"Jerry "B-but that's why!"Jerry's brown

for these. declared. It took him an hour but face was white now and he looked as

He made a routine trip out on the he came in, smudged and tousled, if someone had struck him. "If we

reservation that afternoon and took

Marie with him, although she went unwillingly, merely to please him.

He tried to interest her in his new job, to explain what the government was trying to do for the Indians, but she turned on him angrily.

"What's the point? Spending millions on these people—and then

junketing thefellows-—lives of thousands offine young

He couldn't explain, because he didn't see it himself, but he could have told her how important it seemed to him to save and rehabilitate this deeply wronged people and how he valued his part in the plan, except that her bitterness rebuffed him. He

ached with sympathy for her, but, for the first time in their married life did not dare express it for fear of outburst. another hadprovoking He it!"won't don't the dusty lugging box. "Found have Christmas—we

letters, from the twohoped so much anything!""Let's jubilantly. His lips were quiverget have he announced

but Chris's was the usual brief note. going!"ing, and he turned and dashed into

Nothing cheerful to say, no informa- "I have some mending to do."his room and slammed the door. He'd

tion to give out, so he talked about Marie bent over her sewing basket. died rather than show tears to his

them, rather than himself, wished After a moment, Jerry opened the box parents.

them a Merry Christmas if he didn't and began slowly lifting out the old Roger glanced at Marie, but her get to write again before then, and familiar things, the tinsel ropes, the face was bent over her work. If she

wistfully to forget notreminded them in to in bell didn't birds, go glass a few old red the shabby the kid—but everthe onlyhim. It renewed did. a hear minutes she children that the hanging had been He could

present ache about him but was all in the doorway ever since Cecily was low murmur, then the door swung they could expect. Cecily's letter had five and Chris a wideeyed two. As open and she was saying, "You see

brought a sharp cry of protest from he worked, he kept up a steady how it is, dear. It seems sort of a

her mother. whistling through his teeth and Roger mockery of the good old times. We

"Oh, Roger, they can't come for identified the tune as "We Three three could go up to town and have

doesn't where, know like that, a his then go to throat grinning. and thought, Butferred—sheChristmas! Glenn's to be transKings,"or approximately that, he Christmas dinner at the hotel and show—you'd count on them, must notshe says we the felt tight as over wouldn't you? boy he watched

at all!"his paper. "It's okay, Mom. Anything you

"But we hadn't been at all sure "Got to have a tree—"Jerry mutand Dad want to do."Jerry's voice

they could come!"Roger protested. tered, putting aside a box of colored was subdued and a little hoarse, "It

Marie's stricken face, however, told globes, "Wonder—Dad, do they have (Continued on following page}

DECEMBER 1953 917

"LET NOTHING YOU DISMAY"(Continued from preceding page) Jerry muttered presently, head on one room. Luckily, Jerry could not know

just seems kind of funny, not having side critically. how absurd he looked in the big,

—orany ofbuyingthe gooda turkey,old Christmasor anything—smells loudly"It looksand castfine,anSon!"imploringsaid glanceRoger sloppythe cordbathrobe,and a yellowdrapedscarfso swathed,far over

"They have very good turkey dinat Marie. But she was walking into turbanlike, around his head.

ners at restaurants at Christmas,"their bedroom. "I'm sorry I forgot to hem it up,"

Marie said. Roger came in next evening, rather Marie said, but Jerry answered,

"You'll come to the Christmas play selfconsciously carrying a large, quickly, "It's okay, Mom, I'll rememanyway, won't you, Mom?"Jerry newspaperwrapped bundle. ber to keep it hitched over the belt."

changed the painful subject. "Miss "Old Navajo Charlie was peddling Roger and Marie looked curiously

Black said to tell you and Dad to be these down at the Agency,"he exaround the gym. In a stage whisper,

sure to come. You ought to hear plained. "He looked as if he could Jerry identified the three sets of parthose kids sing!"He mimicked his use the money. It'll keep all right ents of the four other white children.

fellow wise men, "'We tree kings off till we want to cook it."Why did Then he saw Miss Black signaling him

Orientar,'"and then, when we sing they feel they had to apologize for frantically and disappeared behind every natural preparation for Christgirl Presently, kings, the wings. two little of us alone-—each

resentfully. After thought mas, he

this: like cursings his the monkscloth angels back drewyouthe versesknow—Notah supper, picked he and dressed alike, the tains. in dressed were They

turkey and put it into the refrigerator. white cheesecloth, with tinsel crowns'Bonn a bay on Bafflee-ham play—

"If we weren't going to town to and discouraged wings, made of big "Honest, it's a scream! You rememdinner, I'd sure like to ask Miss bows of the material of their robes.

ber that Alice I told you about? Black,"Jerry said carefully, not look- "Should have wire in,"Marie whisWhen we sing that round, ing at his mother. "Her home's clear pered unexpectedly in Roger's ear.

in Pennsylvania, so she's not going One angel was one of the blond 'Rheumatism, rheumatism, causes anywhere for Christmas."little Nesbit girls Jerry had menpains, causes pains "Someone will surely ask her,"tioned, no doubt; he had said the

Up and down your system, up and Marie said, quietly. older Nesbit was to be Mary. The down your system—"For that matter, we could take her second angel must be little Alice,

to town,"Roger suggested. "Upand-downyour-sister,"Roger

that one, she always shouts, 'Up and "Oh, she wouldn't like that,"Jerry thought. The manger scene was now

down your sister!'Honestly, they're said, quickly; "she's used to that kind disclosed, with a pretty, blond Mary

a riot!"of meals."kneeling beside a cradle with a light

The school play was to be on bulb hidden in its hood and in which Roger knew that Jerry sensed his

Christmas Eve. Jerry came home lay a large, staring doll. Joseph, alsomother's tension and by his boyish

from school that afternoon with blond and several years smaller thanchatter was trying to divert her and cheeks glowing, "Boy, oh, boy, she's Mary, stood gazing fixedly at her.bring back the old feeling of security and comradeship and his clouding up. Maybe it'll snow for A number of dark shepherds and one

throat felt uncomfortably tight again. Christmas, after all!"He hurried small white one, who looked as if he

supper through disappeared then and mistake, the into got group by had next day, brought Jerry home The his into After room. a minutes, few

in varistraggled placing began and tree. Indiana Scouts were Boy "The called, you'll to he "Guess help have

of objects the about ousselling I didn't think them, you'd cradle—boxes and me, the Roger remembered Mom."

colors, wells, lunch ink water and tocare, help supposed We're Mom. excited squeals of bursts laughter and

pails evidently intended were which aplookedthem, you know."He as the helped children Marie had

else. carrepresent to something One If at the Marie. lookprehensively their for dress various school and

It live ried a lamb. baaed and sign. After her, no shehurt made plays years. the through church How frightdesperately, plainly struggled, set the helpedsupper, Roger up him she as pink, about, cheeks dashed

its surroundings. ened at Miss gettree, it alone, trimmed and Jerry thrilled excited as they. and she Now hissing Black's whisper was clearlyting ornaments one on of the most his soberly of and Jerry came out

side and whistling through his teeth audible to everyone but the harassed as he worked. He even hunted up shepherd, "Put it down, Tony! Put

the stepladder the Indian gardener it down!"But Tony continued to

used and hung the tarnished angel, CHILD'S HEAVEN struggle until a long black arm shot which Cecily had never consented By Alice Hoey Shaffer out and jerked him and lamb uncereto throw away. The elderly angel moniously off the stage.

to stop doesn't analyze T Ie singing, wise spires the for the topmost too men entered heavywas Now * * foolish, are others some Why voices, wise. in to uncertain reedy and tree be suspendedof the and had "We clothes receive food His and no thought,

by a string from the ceiling and And what is sold and what is bought Three Kings of Orient Are."They

to march around the stage inusually turned round and round, AreAll thatunknownhe knowsas theis islesblessedof peaceGreece. had

slowly above the tree, swayed by the Summed up in parents'watchful closeness. numerable times to give each king a

currents of warm air, a circumstance Perhaps we could without verboseness chance to sing his solo verse. And

this was poor Jerry's undoing. Alwhich had always delighted the chilLive"My calmFather'sas henearnesswith hisall shortI need."creed:

dren. though he hitched at his bathrobe

"Doesn't look like Sis had done it,"(Continued on page 986) 918 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA New Approaches to boor of Mormon Study

by Hugh Nibley PROFESSOR, HISTORY AND RELIGION, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

II the most harm if anything about it what he is up against or because he could be in any way suspected. is immensely clever. As to the

Some Standard Tests It might be objected that there may Prophet, the man who was clever be any number of forgeries so clever enough to overcome the difficulties

There has been some disagreement that they have entirely escaped depresented in writing the Book of as to who the guilty parties were, tection and so are ignorantly acMormon, was certainly capable of but none as to their methods. cepted by us as genuine. This may recognizing that those difficulties

Pope argued that it was hasHaller have overcome will never the existed. He cannot we know so—and

I theNichols who, finding a slip in without them unconsciously fact new answer,be the but that all known document useful to his purposes, inforgeries have turned out to be clumsy book after book, no matter how foolsisted that it had reposed in the ones that only succeeded because their ishly confident he may have been;

since early archivesRoman things even there are some which Chrispublic to succeed, wanted them makes

Hincmar times.tian 12 * The celebrated irresponsible do. geniuses cannot The the superforgery hypothesis exceedaccepted the document as genuine, ingly improbable. The Book of Morauthor of the Book of Mormon was

and "When we remember how often mon cannot be attacked on that neither shallow nor naive. But an inclever specialists have let themselves ground, since it was never, to say the telligent forger is not going to risk a

be fooled, it is not surprising that least, a popular book, and thousands long forgery at all when a short one

Hincmar was one of the first to accept of cunning people would have given will do just as well, nor is he going the Isidorian fraud in spite of its a great deal to be able to discredit to publish and circulate permanent sudden appearance out of nowhere."it with unanswerable proofs; considerevidence of his crime among the genThe point to notice, however, is that ing the circumstances of its produceral public who would be far more

Hincmar, sympathetic though he was tion and publication it must be, if willing to accept him without it! A

with the document, could not be a fraud, one of the clumsiest and most silly man could not have composed fooled for long: He soon began to obvious of frauds ever produced. the Book of Mormon, and a clever

doubt, and as he studied the text, But is forgery the proper word to man absolutely would not have!

his doubts increased until finally use at all? Might not the author of Are there then no skilful but into years proved he had awithin few the of Book have forgeries? been a Mormon take nocent Must weak we

it that others was behimself and foolish rather and vicious; than stand? might hard, uncompromising Can13 document. a forged doubtyond a not he written have relig- a long a not been book Smith have Joseph

Yet though the Decretals were held simply because he was too naive to iously sincere quack? Willrich, notin suspicion all over France, the pope know how dangerous that sort of ing that it has been popular practice

was able to check criticism by a thing was? Geniuses are often quite to designate forgeries as "inventions"

shrewd appeal to selfinterest, showing naive and combine immense ability or "free compositions"to avoid the the irreverent clergy that they had with hopeless irresponsibility. After ugly word, assures us that if the purit full forgery of the use whenmade all, it is no one accuse to deceive, would writing pose Chatterton of any 14 interests. 17th the their Insuited of being all for their is a forgery. fool he did pious Thus depraved—yet still defendthe Jesuits werecentury people. which the To purpose, attributed to the letters is that answer Heling the pseudoIsidorian Decretals, Chatterton's forgeries were very oblenistic rulers in Josephus are forgerbut their only argument was that it vious and only fooled romantic ies, dishonest documents invented to

was a sin of supreme presumption critics who were very ignorant of early furnish proof that the Jews had forto question or lay irreverent hands English or determined to accept the merly been honored by the great ones on a holy document, that it is sacriwonderful new finds. The author of of the earth. 15 "We must designate as

legious to question what the Church the Book of Mormon was not naive: a forgery any document that claims,has accepted—a claim to immunity He could not have written such a without justification, to be genuine,

which has become fundamental to the long book without having given it even though the claim may be a commodern Catholic defense. Forgers much thought, and that he dares paratively harmless one."1G In discannot afford to risk examination. then to put it into our hands shows cussing the forgeries of the famous

But Joseph Smith to the day of his that he is very sure of himself. To Lanfranc of Canterbury, Bohmer

death placed the Book of Mormon in follow Blass, a forger can be sure of writes: "Is it possible and permissible

the hands of all who could do him himself for two reasons only: either to consider such a high official and

'Numerals refer to bibliography on page 1003. because he is too utterly silly to know (Concluded on page 1003)

DECEMBER 1953 919 The General authorities

of the

CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

The First Presidency

Stephen L Richards J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

David O. McKay

The Council of the Twelve

Joseph Fielding Smith Harold B. Lee Spencer W. Kimball Ezra Tart Benson Mark E. Petersen Matthew Cowley

Henry D. Moyle Delbert Leon Stapley Marion G. Romney LeGrand Richards Adam S. Bennion Richard L. Eva

920 THE IMPROVEMENT ER Patriarch to the

Church

Eldred G. Smith

The First Council

of the Seventy

Thomas E. McKay Clifford E. Young Alma Sonne Levi Edgar Young

*=Sil

n-**-***"* 8fiSWM:

orge Q. Morris EIRay L. Christiansen John Longden Antoine R. Ivins Oscar A. Kirkham S. Dilworth Young

if

Assistants to the

Council of the Twelve

vs&r

Hugh B. Brown Milton R. Hunter Bruce R. McConkie Marion D. Hanks

The Presiding Bishopric

Joseph L. Wirthlin

(center) Presiding Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson (left)

Carl W. Buehner (right)

DECEMBER 1953 921 General Conference Section

Addresses delivered at the 124th

Semiannual General Conference,

October 2, 3, 4, 1953.

'The Kingdom of God or Catastrophe,

World Choice* by President David O. McKay

Elderread Josephthe vitalW. statisticalAnderson data,has justthe temple,beautifullythe groundslandscaped.will beMayproperlythe Lordand fourings. percentWe commendattended you,the MIAsisters.meet-A

changes in ward and stake organizabless these faithful people and enable very definite program is carried out by tions, and the obituaries of the Church. them to fulfil their promise in order the MIA for getting in touch with inThere are a few more items which that this edifice may be completely paid active girls and in trying to interest them

might be mentioned, in which you for by its dedication within a year and in the Mutual Improvement Associawill probably be interested. a half or two years. tion.

The Church construction of chapels, The plans already are drawn for the In YMMIA during the past three years classrooms, and recreation halls contemple in Switzerland, and the archithere has been an increase of 11,872 in tinues without abatement, indeed, with tect and contractor are proceeding so enrolment in the scouting program.

acceleration. During the last nine that that edifice will be completed According to a report (we have this

months, the Church has spent $5,568,- without delay. from Brother D. L. Roberts, who is di000.00 in stakes, and $2,109,000.00 in rector of the Mormon relationships in

missions, a total of $7,677,000.00, or a Stake Missionary Work the Boy Scouts, and from Brother Elbert

total local to including date this year, will to be interested know You for this purpose, contributed funds that SundayR. Curtis,evening,generalduringsuperintendent),the jamboree onat is stake missionary in the meeting work

stakes, in the mis- $10,337,000.00, 19, Angeles, a great convocaand Los July results: stake 6518 unprecedented with

(I sions, not reading tion held. $2,704,000.00 Attending more were was am within missionaries are working now

full of or total the $13,041,- fortyfive a amount), Scouts, thousand than Boy there stakes. date organized the To

fifty 000.00. present there were thousand and accepted the 3441 have been have who

visitors. or the convocaDuring more efforts of stake these gospel the through Construction Temple tion great attention to paid the was is missionaries, continuthe work and

religious of America, churches and zeal. ing unabated with the dedicaalready about You know

training, our received and Church sites of tion temple two Europe—the attention. favorable us hapThis made Program Youth first in history of the the in Church—one as organization to see scoutsuch an py at Switzerland, beanother Berne, and too, for your mention, might favorable bring ing such comments We Brighton, England. and tween London interest, that is being is program the youth that the being about done work

The construction of the temple in carried on most ably. I shall not take the young in the Church. for

is satisfactorily. proceeding Los Angeles statistics, to but time with weary you before notes emphasizing I have me of to the wish members commend We all girls'in covering the program, the particularly Associathe Primary what in the the Angeles Los Temple Church for girls to nineteen, twelve from is for elevenyear-old our tion doing district for contritheir magnanimous enrolled. there 1953, 56,332 were August are preliminary taking boys up now who edifice. this already to has bution As is percent believe that one hundred We also the work, high Scout commending to volunteered they announced, been girls all ages. of those the between The of at percentage attendance Primary dollars to- a million contribute over at girls of the the average attendance excellent meetings, the work most and construction completion the wards and this for August, meetings three month, is that the Primary being done by edifice, their are this of payments and girls, follows: those as were young Of hospital. to addition practically upto-date. In of percent fortynine attended them

giving this large cash contribution they sacrament meetings; fiftynine percent Unification of Church School

recently volunteered to assist in the attended the Sunday Schools; and fiftySystem

landscaping, and even now they are planting shrubbery and getting trees so session*PresidentOctoberMcKay's2, 1953.addressHis closingdeliveredaddressat theappearsfirst Since our meeting of last April there

that at the time of dedication of the on page 978. has been a unification of the Church

922 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA if any I gave little In childhood to do continue will they that us heretohope had, have system.school We nor in youth to its implication, thought tangent vainly a go so, off on of and not board a Churchfore, as you know,

education with a commission presiding seeking redress in unions, which will did I try to comprehend its significance.

over the colleges, institutes, and only aggravate a condition already reThis morning, with world conditions seminaries. Then we had a board of grettable. We have confidence in the in mind—international suspicion andtrustees presiding over Brigham Young teachers. They will be loyal to their enmities—threatening war clouds

University. Those two great branches profession, teaching the young to be "man's inhumanity to man,"and other

of education are now united under the loyal and true to our country, to love discouraging aspects of human relationdirection of Dr. Ernest L. Wilkinson, the best in life, rather than to seek ships, I am inclined to paraphrase that

who is appointed administrator of the that which leads to selfishness. motto to read: "The kingdom of God or

Church board of education, in addition This morning I want, also, to comcatastrophe."

to his presidency over Brigham Young mend the Presiding Bishopric, the bishTradition tells us that Peter, when

University. ops of the wards, the presidencies of the on the Appian Way going toward Rome,

Here I wish to say a word of comAaronic Priesthood quorums, for their was met by this question "Quo Vadis?"

mendation for the excellent service efforts to bring into activity all the boys (Whither goest thou?) Were that quesrendered by Commissioner Franklin L. between the ages of 12 and 19, and tion put to people today, many pessiWest. For years he has devoted his what is equally commendable, they are mists would answer that we are headed

entire time to the advancement of the reaching out to incorporate in this great for catastrophe, if not total destruction.

institutes and seminaries and colleges spiritual uplift those who are classified One has already said of Europe:

of the Church. His heart has been in as the "senior members of the Aaronic "On the whole, during many generathe work. He has expressed and radiated Priesthood,"a group of potential power tions, there has been a gradual decay

a fervent testimony of the divinity of for great good, not only in the Church, of religious influence in European civithe restored gospel, and his heart has but in the world, many of them leading lization. Each revival touches a lower

been centered upon the instructing of businessmen and professional men. I peak than its predecessor, and each

the youth in the fundamentals and commend you, brethren, for organizing period of darkness, a lower depth. The

ideals of the Church of Jesus Christ. these able men into groups that their average curve marks a steady fall in

He retires with the confidence and blessinfluence may be felt for good. religious tone. Religion is tending to

ing of the Authorities of the Church. degenerate into a decent formula whereUnder his direction there has been The Kingdom of God or Catastrophe with to embellish a comfortable life.

enthe in number increase irreligion, steady sanctions officially a "Russia

I like to should this in mind, With seminaries. institutes and relations our in of rolled sex a system approves and as feeling message, following give the 36,081 enrolled there were lowest year the Last sanctioned by any than lower the this and potency I morning, do stuinstitute students, 4202 seminary tribe. African Christ. of gospel the of Jesus divinity islands of the schools the in 1140 dents, far so savages paleolithic as we "The feel I this all morning soul With my 41,423. of total a or Pacific, the of practices."(Man's such no had know is "... other truly none there that name the that to report you to I glad 23.) p. Destiny, Social am wheregiven men, heaven under among rapidity great is with on moving Church I 4:12.) (Acts saved."be must we by extended being influence its and Think Men What that. doubt see can cannot men how

throughout the world. When I was a boy, there hung above

Passing of Two General Authorities the(Utah),pulpita inpicturethe chapelof Presidentin Huntsville,John day,Andas Hayden,never before,writesmankindas follows:is seeking"ToSince our last meeting, as already reTaylor.these words:Under"Theit Kingdomin gold lettersof Godwereor socialever before,betterment.human Today,society isas threatenedseldom if

Anderson, two memBrother ported by

Authorities General the bers of have Nothing."withchaos. disintegration,All the ancientif evilsnot ofcompletehuman

passed away: Elder A. E. Bowen of the relationships, injustice, selfishness, abuse

Council of the Twelve, and Elder of strength, become sinister and terrible

vision, material power. The soul of man Twelve—twoStayner Richards,stalwarts,Assistantclear in to the when reinforced by the vast increase of

sound in judgment; men loyal and true cowers, starved and fearful, in the midst

to their callings, to the ideals and docof a civilization grown too complex for trines of the Church! We pay respect any mind to visualize or to control.

to their memory. May their acts and Joy and beauty fade from human living.

services during their lifetime continue Yet life, abundant, beauteous, laughing to reverberate for good in the hearts not life, has been our agelong labor's end.

only of all members of the Church, What other conceivable worth has the but of all those outside of the Church mastery of the material world, the exwho were fortunate enough to come in ploitation of the resources of nature and contact with these two great men. the creation of wealth, except as a

basis for the release of the life of the

Commendation of Teachers and spirit. We are witnessing either the

Church Groups crumbling of civilization under the weight of its material mechanism or the

I have mentioned particularly the birth of a new organization with a work of the Church among the youth, spiritual ideal."

because the future of this world is largeOswald Spengler thinks, and has so ly determined, as Goethe says, "upon written: "This machine technics (rethe opinions of its young men under five ferring to the world) will end with the

and twenty."Faustian civilization and one day will

If that be true, to awaken in the minds lie in fragments, forgotten—our railways

of the youth of the land a desire to and steamships as dead as the Roman achieve life's truest values is to render roads and the Chinese Wall, our giant the greatest of all great services to our cities and skyscrapers in ruins like old country. Memphis and Babylon. The history of

With this thought in,mind, I comthis technics is fast drawing to its inmend the teachers in our public schools, evitable close. It will be eaten up from

and of any forms the grand reare difficulties, conference crowd within like of present the section under who A page) following (Continued on Salt Lake Tabernacle. in the session in Let post of duty. to their true maining

DECEMBER 1953 923 President David 0. McKay & nued health.lence. TheyBy insidiousunderminestages theyhis moraltransevery culture. When, and in what the continuance of a sordid, unhappy form the man who cherishes them into

fashion, we know not."world. a criminal. On the other hand, if they

These references indicate what some are banished, and wholesome, kindly men are thinking about the presentday Four Fundamental Truths thoughts and emotions take their place, conditions, and where such conditions the man is incapable of crime. Right

are leading. Whether you accept them In the brief sojourn of Jesus upon the thoughts and feelings, if persistently

as true, or not, we must face the fact that earth, he marked clearly "the way, the kept in the forefront, inevitably lead we are in a changing world, and that truth, and the life."(See Ibid., 14:6.) to right acts.""A good tree bears good

the destruction of presentday civiliza- I shall take time this morning to call fruit; an evil tree, evil fruit."(See Matt.

tion is a possibility. your attention to four incidents in his 7:17.) A good tree, he says, cannot

But, brothers and sisters, the Lord life, and mention probably, but of bring forth evilfruit, nor an evil tree has something better in store for his course, briefly, some connotations of bring forth good fruit. That teaching

children than complete destruction. Nathose incidents, I repeat, because I feel, lies at the very bottom of Christ's

tions may be born, live, flourish for a and know, that through him and through ethical teachings. His whole effort was

time, and through internal corruption him only, and by obedience to the to make the tree good, for when that or other causes, die or be destroyed; but gospel of Jesus Christ, can we find end was achieved, the good qualities of

the human race will continue, and the happiness and salvation in this world the fruit were assured. Resist evil,

kingdom of God be established. and eternal life in the world to come. members of the Church, young and old,

"... behold,"said Daniel, "one But I am thinking particularly of hapand the devil will flee from you.

like the Son of man came with the piness and joy here and now, in this The second incident I take from the clouds of heaven, and came to the Anatomic age. Sermon on the Mount—a mountain in

cient of days,... First, recall His experience on the the vicinity of the Sea of Galilee. "No

serve can for masters: two man either of Temptation. Mount In that expethere "And was given dominion, him will he the hate one, love"and the rience find taught the we necessublime glory, and a all and kingdom, that peoother; or else will to he the hold one, sity of subordinating the animal part of ple, nations, languages, and should despise the other. and serve cannot Ye our to natures spiritual. is the serve a his is him: Man everdominion an

(Ibid., and God 6:24.) mammon."Then is dual physical, of human, lasting dominion, shall which not pass being—he added, first he seek "But the ye kingdom earth, the is, earthy, also, but divine, he his away, and that kingdom shall which of his God, and righteousness; all and offspring the of God. not destroyed."be (Daniel 7:1314.) these things shall be added unto you."Carlyle Well might say: are "There The in paramount need the toworld (Ibid., 6:33.) believe you that? Do heights in reach highest the which man is clearer day a understanding by hu- I believe in every that word spoke, Jesus heaven, that depths sink and to the of beings man moral spiritual and to and is the teaching applicable me in lowest are not both heaven hell—for values, desire a and and determination life yours. and my hell and of out him, everlasting made to attain them. in Keeping fact the mind that we miracle mystery is?"that and he

before Never in are the history of the of children the our in Father heaven, "Beloved,"said are John, "now we world there has been such seek of a the first, when of need we kingdom God, it sons of the God, and doth yet not spiritual awakening. is Unless there conscious of become we a in new aim appear shall be: what we but know we

life. such is an awakening, there of nourish danger delight To and the body that, shall appear, he when shall we catastrophe its the nations of among with appetites the passions, as and anilike for be him; shall see as we he him

world. is do, mals longer no chief the of end is."(I 3:2.) John

I feel this But all morning, mortal existence. with.Spiritual attainments, my the of Mount On Temptation Jesus soul, that the is of rising. sun not hope physical possessions become the resisted every appeal to his physical thinking chief isMany and goal. are men not women viewed God from the

... appetite—"that these command recognizing the of need looking standpoint man's of get what from we may stones be made appeal bread";—every the up towards heavens of instead him, his but what give to we may him. to his vanity;—"If thou be of the son groveling in response to his in Only animal the nacomplete surrender of our cast thyself God pinthe down,"—from ture. life inner One this commenting rise man on we selfish, above the may nacle; every to appeal his selfishness and said, "If all that civilithe destroyers sordid of of pull nature. pride, every bribe offered of by way zation could eliminated, be the and is "Giving the glory"God a sure -in power and wealth for spirexchange traits of rest the of us could elimibe of means subduing willitual companionship his with Father. selfishness—a nated, to an approach the millennium ingness the part of on the individual to Resisting all said to he the tempter:some is hundred years hence by no keep as the ideal life. in his God Faith, thee it is "Get hence, for Satan: writmeans inconceivable."is therefore, a foundation element in ten, shalt Thou the worship Lord thy Savior of the The said: "I world am true character for building; an upright God, shalt and only serve."him thou that life, theycome might have and is character the result of only con- 4:10.) (Matthewthat it they might have more abundanteffort tinued right and thinking, the

ly."10:10.) (John effect of longcherished associations with of Value Noble Thoughts live Whether or miserably live we Godlike thoughts. approaches He nearabundantly depends ourselves. upon his brief during Then mission est the Christ among makes spirit who the God

introspectively,Look young he and men, man emphasized the value of encenter of his thoughts; and can he whoyoung determine woman, and tertaining whether noble thoughts, what say in you his heart, will, but "Not myyour innermost thoughts hold will you on think determine character, your thine be done,"approaches most nearly

the animal plane or whether they tend not alone what you do, and knowing the Christ ideal.

to lift you into the mental, moral, and that what one thinks about in one's spiritual realm. And you be your own secret moments determines what he is. Two Great Commandments

judge. Are you scheming to exploit He "decried the fatal effects of hatred

foranother personal gain? jealousy Are in and of the you indithe mind third is incident The the scene with

justifying lie? a Are entertaining vidual you more vehemently than did he the Pharisees a lawyer when asked him:

the of thought robbing a acts the that young hate jealousy and prompt. woman "Master, which is the great commandof virtue? her you, Are young physiology Modern woman, and psychology in the ment law?

justifying an act of unchastity in exconfirm the practical wisdom of his "Jesus said unto him, Thou shalt love change for the attention or favor of a teachings. These evil passions destroy the Lord thy God with all thy heart,

male companion? If these or any other a man's physical vigor and efficiency and with all thy soul, and with all thy

selfish sinful thoughts obsess you, then they pervert his mental perceptions mind.

are notyou following the path of the and incapable of resisting render him "This is the first and great commandlife,abundant but are contributing to the temptations to commit acts of vioment.

924 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "And the second is like unto it. Thou Christ even for a half minute can deny dissipate our energy in brawling,

shalt love thy neighbour as thyself."this truth, the one great truth in a gambling, or unwholesome habits. We

(Ibid., 22:3639.) world of little lies. You do change conserve our resources of body and mind

of upbuilding to the nature nature, your and devote them own human human practically, For thousand years, two a is not the of God, which it to kingdom him. if you surrender... Human docconsidered this sublime havemen

real bemystical kingdom. a but nature an enormous be changed must on We ideal, say,trine as they impractical—too is lieve to that means obedience the scale future unless in world the God if Christ's sincerely in believebut we

of its nature, laws which to the obedience blood. in to drowned And be own is truth,divinity, that "the the he way,

will; it."of His are manifestations the but Christ change can only life"can- (see the 14:6),and John we to try study painstaking by and we all yourself outside things in "Live applicability consistently thenot doubt

exact the acquire complete and most love,"says through Browning by life. hisof to teachings everyday

that will, in order of that knowledge joy. shall have Paracelsus, "and you to are there weighty problems True, it."ourselves to conform may we it life is to of be ought the This God; everre- of slums, the thesolve—evils it perfect, life. but In was him our or this seven Tabernacle, in Yesterday, capiconflictscurring labor between and

it is all lesson things, a created in eight thousand womental, internaprostitution, gathered—our drunkenness,

tional hatreds, and a hundred other learned slowly and through difficulty."mothers, members of the Relief Society.

current questions. But if heeded, I wish the whole Church might have

Christ's appeal for personal integrity, Lesson for Youth partaken of the spirit of that great conis basic fairdealing, lovehonor, and in The fourth scene I name is with his ference.assurance Ifin so,ourwesoulsshouldthat havethese greaterideals social these of all solutionthe proper

before just Gethsemane, when mention to I have made brief whichand economic difficulties. disciples

in "And the now I am no more he said, world throughout will be effective

Change Men's Hearts the world, but these are in the in bringing about a desire for greater world,... spirituality, a greater need for the testithe world certainly before even Most lives, his that Son that take shouldest mony God that "I pray not thou

ideals, hearts these men'sapproaches is world, of the Savior the Christ Jesus thou that but world, of the out them the into Christ came changed. bemust to the restored beings divine that evil."and the from keep shouldest them prinpurpose. very for that Theworld of gospel the Smith Prophet Joseph 15.) 17:11, (John is gospel the for preachingcipal reason it the in as established Christ he Jesus folk! is lesson, young your There lives, hearts and and to men's change of Time. Meridian of temptation, but in midst the are You stake to stake go from brethren whoyou

and hear the evidence and testimony of you, as Christ on the Mount of Tempta- I bear you that testimony this mornthose who have been converted recently tion, can rise above it. ing and pray that the influence of

through the stake missionary work, can We can so live, it is possible, that as priesthood quorums, of auxiliaries, and testify how the conversion has changed members of the Church we can say to all of the missionaries may be more eftheir lives, as they have given their the world in the words of Thomas fective from this time on than ever betestimonies. By such conversion they Nixon Carver: "Come, our way of life fore in leading the honest in heart of

bring peace and good will to the world is best because it works best. Our the whole world to turn their eyes upinstead of strife, suffering. On changing people are efficient, prosperous and ward to the worship of God, our eternal

men's hearts Beverly Nichols, author of happy because we are a body who aid Father, and give them power to control

The Fool Hath Said, writes truly: one another in the productive life. We the animal nature and live in the spirit,

"You can change human nature. No waste none of our substance in vice, I pray, in the name of Jesus Christ.

man who has felt in him the spirit of luxury, or ostentation. We do not Amen.

Relief Society workers representing nearly every part of the Church assembled on the site of their new Relief Society building on Main Street, across from Temple Square, for short but impressive services October 1, as President David O. McKay

broke ground for the structure.

DECEMBER 1953 925 The Church and Human Relations by President Stephen L Richards

am deeply grateful for the high privibusinesses and their problems, with the looking programs, but I fear, and I lege of being present in person with ultimate objective of inducing favorable confess I have little more than hearsay

I you at this great conference of the attitudes and a wider reception of the evidence and occasional observations

Church. I rejoice with you in the inproducts of business and thereby increase in my reading to support my fear, that

spiration, the encouragement, and the profits. In the main I have no criticism the teachings of some of the sociologists

uplifting remarks and spirit which have of the honest efforts put forth by busihave retarded more than they have adcharacterized the sessions to this point. ness to create good will for themselves vanced the attainment of the goals good

I thank the choir for singing that great and that which they have to sell. Many people hope for, especially in regard

hymn, "The Morning Breaks,"my of the statements by business executives to home and family life.

favorite, embodying in a measure at least lauding the principles of service and I come now to human relations the essentials of the message which I considerate treatment are elevating in among the nations, which is the phase would give to you today. I approach character and intent, but I fear much of the subject most engaging to me at

the task humbly, asking the Lord to of their force is lost in the natural, if the present time. I understand there is

bless my utterance beyond the mere imnot always warranted, inference of the a department of human relations, or port of the words, to bring to you the people that such idealism is primarily the humanities, in the setup of the spirit of our work. selfserving. I shall have more to say United Nations. I have no definite

In a recent address by the president about the economic phase of human reknowledge as to the prescribed functions of one of our American universities, the lationships in its bearing upon wider of this department, but one would natfollowing observations were made. I aspects of the subject at a later point urally infer that its objective is to imgive their substance to you. Speaking in these remarks. prove the conditions among suffering

of the technological age in which we And next, human relations, as comand underprivileged peoples, and thereby live, this educator pointed out that the prehended within the social sciences: create better understandings and good

economic and military security of the I don't profess to have knowledge suffiwill among men and women all over nation depends upon scientists, physicient to warrant my giving any definithe globe. If it is in position to concists, and engineers to keep abreast of tions or classifications, but I assume that tribute to this betterment, I am sure

new developments. "But,"said he, "to the social sciences embrace what in the that all men of good will would wish

survive in the complex world, however, law we used to call domestic relations, it success, although many might have

America must have specialists outside which included rights and obligations objection to the means of accomplishthe technical and scientific field."He arising out of the family relationship, ing its purposes.

declared that it was not a shortage of the association of people in communiThis very brief outline may serve to engineers or atomic physicists that ties, and even in the larger groupings of remind us, and it is my hope that it caused the loss of China to our side. states, nations, and races. I readily will, of the vital, transcendent im-

A brilliant cadre of engineers is inconcede that research and study conportance of the field of human relations effective while the waterfront is ruled cerning the social makeup of the world in the lives and affairs of mankind, in by gangsters. A high level of training can be and should be of great value in homes, communities, societies, and nain economics is less meaningful if labor solving some of its problems and directtions of the world. It was undoubtedly

and industrial leaders cannot realize ing the thinking and energies of man- a recognition of the importance of the that "although the whole is never kind to a more peaceful living together subject that induced the college presihealthier than its parts, it is always in the societies of the world. I would dent to say that the skills we lack most

greater. A stockpile of atomic bombs not discourage continued study in the and need most are in human relations.

has less power if sections of the popufield of sociology. I could even go along I think few of us would disagree with

lation are blocked by prejudice or made with the president of the university, him, although there would probably be of vital variance opinion the ignorance."'After onstagnant through to seems greater recommend who emphaskills are these and ofsetting education out place in the how it. greatissue—What sis I think, to upon however, be

is are to they obtained? be That where concludes system, withour he American ourselves, candid with ask might we

picture, into the brethren come we skills lack mythis statement: most "The we just ourselves profit to date what has

sisters. In to a order and conmake relations."are in human realized been in the social of study the

of to tribution the substance solution is It this intrigued statement which sciences in bringing greater about a of these pressing problems, to have we it feel interest that and made memy stability in of the the people, in homes positive statements. posiThese make this call to to occasion well use bemight curbing juvenile in delinquency, comtive declarations intolerant sound and sisof brethren attentionthe and my posing the acute arising problems out to of presumptuous listeners our many in,ters, listen to friends our and who of strife, traditional industrial in supdon't fully the understand nature who contributionthe the unique which class pressing hatreds manifesting themof our the and grounds work on which of of Christ Latterday JesusChurch selves the peoples of world, the among issue statements. such we is to inSaints has making and make lastly, and perhaps and most importantly great a has There been in buildup of aspectthis the allimportant world's all, of in the acquisition of peace among our country, perhaps in others own andaffairs. I nations. the I will say, not and do last in the several decades, for what Human relations—what things are not wish the inference to be drawn, is termed broadmindedness and tolercomprehended by this caption! In the that no progress has been made along ance. It is one of the most popular subeconomic world the term is frequently the lines I have mentioned. Enlightenjects on which a man can speak. I

used interchangeably with public rement from study is always a step in heard a young minister of very engaglations and is reduced in final analysis progress. A development of the facts ing personality deliver a most enterto an adjunct of the profit motive, to through research is highly desirable and taining address on aspects of this theme

bring about a better understanding of necessary in the formulation of forwardjust a short time ago. In his advocacy

people, their natures and desires, to of Christian good will and brotherhood create sympathetic understandings of *Address delivered Sunday morning October 4, 1953. he asked people to consider and

926 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA reconsider their attitudes toward life, peoples, but I make. no comment as to there would be infinitely less menace

banish prejudices, and be kind and the justification for it because it might to our friendly relations with our neighfriendly to all. He pictured the Savior reflect credit or discredit in places where bors to the south, and far less fertile

during his earthly ministry going about I do not feel competent or positioned ground for planting the seeds of inadvocating such tolerance and friendlito judge, but I do feel that it is within surrection and autocratic controls if our ness. He urged a deemphasis on demy province and my duty to point out friends had more respect for our charnominational differences and the formato our own people and to our fellow acter, our way of life, and our contion of a brotherhood that would permit Americans the discrepancies between sistency. Remember, there wouldn't

all to come together in harmony and American ideals and practices, which be sent out from our country the kind good fellowship. I don't know whether account in large measure for our inof films which are shown throughout

he thought his formula would cure all ability to win the confidence and true the world and the lurid stories of our the world's ills, but I am sure he was friendships of many of those whose conewspapers and magazines if there was convinced that it would help, and I operation we so urgently need in the not some foundation in fact for their think too that good will come from his crises now confronting us. production. That is the pity of it all.

popular lectures over the country. I think there are very few peoples in They are altogether too true.

But I do not think, my friends, that the world who do not have admiration I found the same condition, perhaps this friendly counsel for tolerant brotherfor the concepts of liberty and freedom to a lesser extent, prevailing in Europe hood is a realistic or basic answer to the which we espouse. The founding of and the Near East. There we are

problems facing us today, particularly the Republic has been an inspiration judged, as all over the world, by the in the sphere of human relations. I am to the oppressed everywhere, and still is, way we advertise ourselves, and unvery fearful that this popular appeal but unfortunately the discrepancies I fortunately, the worst segment of our

socalled andfor broadmindedness effective society constitutes adour most briefly will herementioned, have and past in the brought andtolerance has vertisers. call after attention, milito your have

still a type to promote continues I of observe, as ask to one its you of tated against influence immeasurably Now to contribute does notthinking which points this the conimportant in most for good.

its proobjectives seemingly worthythe sideration, fact this in that values the in a America years few South While it. It for entertain soundsponents

all this advertisement education I I and ago, took occasion everywhere went It it? be goodgood, would but how of are values. our moral Although some to inquire the people about what knew its of tointeresting some know ishow

fit appraisers to are are not judge, I of we country. speak our the own now questions answer suchadvocates would

nevertheless standards. judged moral on people, the not diplomats and common tolerant inof these: beas Should we

It respect doesn't to bring accused the researchers academic some have whofractions of the Commandments, Ten if to accuser the that even has he admit greater for opportunities information. of basic great divine statementthat

law? Would you tolerate a little steal- I discovered that the people secured himself is guilty of the same sins.

ing, a little lying? Would you tolerate their information and formed their Much as we disparage certain ideologies,

violation of the law of chastity? To opinions about the USA in large measwhat we fear most is the ruthless

what extent? Do you think that a loose ure from the picture shows and the malevolent actions of immoral, unor equivocal position with reference to magazines, and the sensational stories moral, and Godless men, and most unthe virtues enjoined by God is calcucarried by the publications about our fortunately, there may be some justifilated to inspire in youth a respect for gangsters and divorcees. Most unforcation for the other side to question our

moral rectitude, the type of American tunately, the finer aspects of our Amerown sincerity and consistency in moral life that the founders left as our heriican living were seldom brought to their purpose.

tage? I grant that it is a commendable attention. To all too great an extent, I am aware that there are students

interpretation of Christ's teachings to they picture us as a nation of lawof world problems who contend that, solicit compassionate consideration for breakers, extravagant and riotous livers, after all, the final solutions are ecothose who are weak and who have made and violators of the sanctity of the home nomic, that if people are wellfed, mistakes, but it is a tragic error to fail and the marriage relation. Are these clothed, and housed, they will be peaceto distinguish between tolerance for the concepts, whether erroneously acquired able and happy. I am not converted

sin and sympathy for the sinner. Truth or not, conducive to the building of to this view. A few months ago I

is not tolerant of error. Standards of respect for us? They are not. Many of sat at a luncheon in New York City

truth are exacting, and the blessings us are prone to ascribe our difficulties in with a man who had given forty years

Christ promised are obtainable in their Latin American countries to the ambiof his life as a missionary in Africa.

fulness only upon strict observance. No tions of avaricious dictators. I would He was acquainted with many tribes

greater boon could come to America not say that there is some basis for and peoples of what we call the Dark and the world than a universal convicthis position. But I do say, without Continent and undoubtedly had had

tion of this principle. The nations fear of successful contradiction, that (Continued on following page)

could have their hearts'desire of peace in righteousness if they would make themselves worthy.

I have traveled a little, it might be considered a lot except as compared with the marvelous globeencircling record of our dear President; I have visited

countries far removed from America;

I have had special occasion to observe the attitudes of other peoples toward our country. I am convinced that what

we of America need first and foremost in our relations with foreign nations, and as a basic essential to their friendliness, is respect, not respect born of fear of our great military prowess, our economic production, nor envy of our widely advertised high standard of living, but respect for our integrity, our character, through the conformity of our living to the ideals we profess and expound. There can be no friendliness

and brotherhood not founded on mutual respect. I have witnessed the distrust

in which we are held by some foreign Salt Lake Temple

DECEMBER 1953 927 spiration of God, if all were to accept

President Stephen L Richards continued the concept of the body as being the tabernacle of the Lord's spirit child

it. I resident within enumercannot

say, for will I opportunities observation. standards.wide would. Some He of all principles glorious truth ate the

alltold of tribes brains these that us are the discounting value he among you

If to are custody. our committed we this busiintricate in discover to able a never beenhad and "knowhow"word

in of claiming presumption accused

I their sociology.in of ness inlanguage government and could be which

truths precious of of these custody someterpreted not. as in presence as in the materialism, I stand to awe opposed am

life, to point the but about can we intellispirituality, great as superior of a with these terms. use mind we He to revelations brought have them which welfare.said lives that to their in everything gence devoted from human We their disseminaus charged us with and to are minds, greatly cradle such thethe transpires dependent grave on, upon

tion.

I if I choice, spiritual a to basis.to a them, which will but make had Many

say that they are crude, backward, igought not to have to make, between We set forth the word of God as we norant peoples, but I pose this question talent and.integrity, I would choose have received it. We claim no

for you. May it not be that there has integrity and virtue, for without them monopoly on goodness, Christian virbeen providentially preserved for them, we are lost. tue, and the love of Christ. We rejoice

from ancient lineage, a concept of life, If I speak of things which are perthat millions of his adherents, of his which in the mad scramble for the haps to a considerable extent beyond our children throughout the world revere earth's bounties, has escaped the great control, I shall be accused of propagating his holy name and seek to follow in host of their sophisticated brethren, who visionary, Utopian ideas. The young his ways as they understand them. We

have attained dominance of the earth, minister to whom I referred a few moknow the Spirit of the Lord strives with and who are now being rudely awakments ago told us in an effective men for their uplift and betterment.

ened to the realization that all their sentence that Christ warned that we We are not despondent about human materialistic striving and attainments could not attain perfection in life, but nature. We have confidence in men

may bring only frustration and ruin? he also admonished that we never cease and women the world over. When they

I know I don't have to argue in this to strive for it. Furthermore, these are shall be privileged to hear the full truth

of Lord, countless of our the gospel ideas, basically although perhapscompany, not my own with many of my not of the influence the under numbers, for the crudelisteners, for be responsible the I may recognition way of moral and spiritual values in the solution of in which they are put. They emanate Holy Spirit, will embrace the truth.

for improvement needs the world What of it from the revelations the Lord. problems. I takeour that all are How we

is relations the truth and in human livegratified that I, thankful to day to from time extime hear I am every pressions of this recognition by some of that we are not left wholly to rely on missionaries. It needs missionaries even

the leading men of the country and the the reasoning and wisdom of men, and more than soldiers, great as may be the world. I am hesitant to say a word that God in his infinite solicitude for need for military defense of our homes

that might be construed in disparagethe welfare of his children has made and our liberties. So long as we have

ment of such statements, but I am conavailable his own wisdom and will for to have soldiers, I wish they could be strained to question a little from time to the guidance of humanity. To us, my missionaries also, missionaries for the

time their sincerity. Is spirituality anyfellow members of the Church of Christ, finest ideals in American life, missionthing other than a personal attainment has been committed much of this rearies for integrity, virtue, and the great

and investiture? Is there any such vealed wisdom and divine guidance for character that has brought about the

thing as mass morality? The Master the human family. This is a precious best in the life of the Republic. How

taught us that as a man, not the masses, possession, a pearl of great price, to much good they could do all over the thinks, so is he, not they. It is true that be forever cherished by us and dissemworld where they are stationed if they

if enough individuals are convinced of inated to the whole family of the Lord. would so live as to counteract the influspiritual realities, they can greatly inThis revealed knowledge contains the ence of the ugly pictures of America

fluence the society in which they move, full and complete answer to the problem which are presented to foreign peoples but it is the individual and not the mass of human relations. Within it there in ways I have mentioned.

mind which has the conviction. is the Lord's wisdom about the family, Not only do we need soldier mis-

I hope you will approve the applicathe basic unit of society, the comsionaries, we also need missionaries who tion which I make of this principle. munity, government in all its stages, are ministers of the gospel of Christ,

I don't/believe that men in high places, from the most limited to the most with information, power, and testimony in government, in business, or elsewhere comprehensive, economics and property, to give to the people of the world a can successfully divorce their private brotherhood and peace, and most imthorough and complete understanding lives from their public declarations and portant of all, man's relationship to of the glorious blessings he holds out protestations. Nor do I believe that God, his heavenly Father. Intelligent, to the faithful and true. I hope I will

women who attain positions of emiworldly-wise men have reasoned for not be out of the bounds of propriety nence can do it either. We often speak years about these problems. They are and that I will give no offense when I

of the gullible public, but I am very seemingly still as far from solution as make an appeal to the draft boards of much inclined to think that there is in ancient days. Think for a moment our states to give consideration to the

enough of discernment in this public to of the contributions to be made in mendinvaluable services which may be see behind the idealistic words of speaker ing the broken homes of our land and rendered by devoted ministers of religion or writer, the consistency of performprotecting the children from delinin the promotion of spirituality among ance. I note with growing concern the quency, crime, and ruin, and restoring our own people and those of foreign

declination of governmental appointing to marriage its sanctity, and to the home lands. The Congress has recognized

power to take into consideration moralits solidarity, in the conservation of the by the enactment of law this essential ity, except as it affects stealing and treahuman resources of the world. Think feature in our national life and activison. The sooner men learn that they of the concept we have to give to the ties. Exemption has been declared for

cannot teach virtue without living it, world of the dignity of the individual, ministers of religion from certain milithe quicker we will attain the respect the aristocracy of his birth, the intary obligations. We are keenly aware

of those whose cooperation we seek. comparable goals of his life, and the of problems confronting draft boards in

And what is even more important, the freedom of choice to attain them. Think some of the determinations they are

sooner we will bring ourselves to our of the help we can give to the cause of obliged to make. These men, loyal and

own selfrespect. brotherhood in the earth through the devoted citizens of the country, serving

You will gather from these remarks recognition of the Fatherhood of God without pay, have the thankless task that I would subject every representaand the bond of his Holy Priesthood, of making selections under the selective tive of the American people, from the a fraternity whose like is not to be service act. In communities where our

small community level, to state, nafound in all the associations of men. people reside in numbers, they are contional and international position, to the Think what it would mean to the fronted with some problems which

scrutiny and test of virtuous, moral worthiness of men to receive the inprobably do not arise in other sections.

928 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Our Great Responsibilities

by President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

of all experience. his children the I pray Father here to prove the Father whether themselves humbling was comeMY BROTHERS AND SISTERS! This IS an should be built; that the spirits should upon the proposition that since the

of will the I stand could them, nothing they be more Lord obey and loved commandments would bless me while before you, and I ask that you be good the Lord, and they were told of the resatisfactory to the Father than the promenough to add your prayers to mine that wards that would come to them if they ise to redeem them all. It was a subtle

I may say something that will be useful, did, and the punishments if they did approach, and, of course, God saw it.

upbuilding, and encouraging to all of not. Satan was "cast down,"and with him

us. Then the question arose With the went onethird of the hosts of heaven.

I am partly in the unfortunate situaFather, "Whom shall I send?"The He declared by his rebellion eternal

tion that Brother Romney found himself plan called for redemption. One stood enmity toward the plan that was

yesterday. Others that have spoken forth and said, "I will redeem all manadopted, and from that time until now,

have gone over my ground. However, kind. Not one soul will be lost. I he has constantly sought to build the

I am not like him, I have not a good will surely do it. So send me."That empire, the kingdom for which he

talk in my coat pocket. Brother Lee plan, when analyzed, involved, as the planned, by leading us astray. He has

and Brother Romney went over much Lord has told us time and again, the never relented for a moment. Having

of the ground, some of which I shall destruction of our free agency. Just our agency, he was to lead us to do

try to cover this morning. I have made how we were to be redeemed under the evil.

my peace with them. plan and yet destroy our free agency, He first struck at Adam and Eve in

So far as we know, humankind have we are not told. The proposer of that the garden and secured from them disobeen afflicted with great crises since plan said to our heavenly Father, "Give bedience. There is much in the scripthe grand council in heaven. We are me thine honor."(See Moses 4:1-2; ture that indicates that mere obedience,

in the midst of a great crisis now, and Abraham 3:27.) And our heavenly Father per se, irrespective of what the obedience

curiously, the crisis which we now face has told us that that meant that he involved, is a great virtue in itself.

has in it and is a part of it, the great should surrender to the proposer, his Mere obedience in spiritual matters reelemental principle that was in the power, and he, the Father, become more quires that on occasion it shall be blind first crisis that occurred in the council or less a nonentity, I suppose. obedience because the Lord cannot exall of to asks that free the things plainin us he agency man. heaven—the said, "Send Personage other the Then

I like do. to understand. could that not to personalize us should counWe thine."will be honor The the me, and

cil I little Eve, but a Satan usually with know, have than more You won latter, the the chose Father heavenly rival a great she understood, personages gave greatthought. when Two to Eve, sent to be Begotten, was who Only

of fallen praise that beconference, she standing that in onewere had hymn this earth.

is seed, cause they Father. chronology the the and havewith would As nowgiven in the book, it appears that, first, Now this first personage, Satan—I can they could not have had seed had the

they found space in which to build an understand that his proposal was based fall not taken place.

earth; then they provided that this earth *Address delivered Saturday morning October 3, 1953. {Continued on following page)

President Stephen I Richards Concluded thisthroughship, whichtroubledis hiswaters.kingdom,Hesailinghas

charted the course. He has chosen the

The missionary system employed in the eral Lewis B. Hershey, national head pilot, his servant, tested and true, to

Church probably has no counterpart of Selective Service at Washington, D. keep us on course. This ship, like the

outside the areas where our people live. C. His uniformly courteous and ark of old, bears all the essentials for

We have no professional clergy, as other sympathetic consideration of our probthe reestablishment of the personal churches do, and in a sense we have lems has been deeply appreciated. I reign of the Lord Jesus Christ in the

no laity, for all bearing the priesthood wish to assure General Hershey and all earth, and the essentials for the exaltaare charged with ministerial responsiof you that by this public statement of tion of man in the celestial presence of bilities. The missionaries, for whom we appreciation we intend no inference to God the Father and the Son. This

claim exemption as provided by law, be drawn of an endorsement, or the apship will eventually come to its point of do not serve in legal ministerial capacity proval of other selective service officials, refuge in the harbor of a peaceful for life, but for very limited periods. beyond that which they have expressly world. With all my soul, I plead with

After limited ministerial service, they given to our program by official action you, my beloved brethren and sisters, are all instructed to report immediately or written communication. to stay with the ship, lend a helping

to draft boards for their disposition. And now, my dear brethren and sishand, and persuade as many of our

May we take this opportunity of exters, I speak no idle words when I give Father's children as you can possibly safety, to avail of of the people of the themselves reachtending, the on behalf are in a position that assurance you we security, for appreciation the glorious the thanks and promise our andChurch, contribution inestimable to an make all to cleave given awaiting the cooperation Lord, unto understanding whothe relations in of to betterment the human of Deliverer. indraft boards our Master andour program by the With

are expressible gratitude for his countlessmany of the states in which our people this anxious, distracted world. We

reside. In this connection, on behalf a relatively small group among the blessings, I invoke upon you, his Church,

of the First Presidency, I should like populations of the earth, but we are and all his children, his holy and divine to take the liberty of publicly expressnot reliant only on ourselves and our benedictions, in the name of the Lord ing our thanks and gratitude to Genown strength. God is at the helm of Jesus Christ. Amen.

DECEMBER 1953 929 President J. Reuben Clark, Jr. Concluded gainexpecttheto salvationgain and whichmeet weour hoperesponsiand

bilities, we must obey what he has told

Adam and Eve were thrust out of the was the greatest achievement of any us to do.

Garden of Eden; they became mortal, leader of any dispensation. My brothers and sisters, if we think

subject to temporal death; but the Lord Before the Meridian of Time and the of this carefully, I am sure we cannot

then said, and did as he said, that he birth of the Messiah, mankind looked approach our work in the Church with would give to Adam the gospel plan by forward thereto. Before that, all of the lightmindedness. I am sure we shall

which the spirits that were to come here rituals pertaining to the gospel looked to have to be a prayerful people. I am

could live and gain the reward which the Messiah, to his birth, as Brother sure we shall have to live in accordance he promised. had gospel That us. plan told he Since that Romney time, we withgiven.theI commandmentsam sure we mustwhichuse ourhe hasutgave, and said gave when he it honor it, he him, ritual, our and the sacramost to endeavors build the kingupwould never be taken until relates ment, the away to back time. that We of here earth. dom on God of is Itend the world. faith that covenants make partake of my we the when

I hope, sisters, brothers and that mythe gospel plan has always here, sacrament. also, been But ever since and

that his priesthood has always been that time, we have been told that there we shall not be remiss in anything that here on the earth, and that it will conwould be a Dispensation of the Fulness pertains to ourselves or to our activities tinue to be so until the end comes. of Times. And as Brother Lee pointed in the Church.

(While through the apostasy since the out, we now are in that dispensation, I add again my testimony, which I time of Christ, the priesthood was lost we are in the dispensation which is to have borne time and again, that God to the people generally and to the prepare for the Second Coming, toward lives, that Jesus is the Christ, that he

Christian churches, yet there have alwhich all true Christians look. came to earth, lived, moved among men,

ways been on the earth from the beThe particular thing that I wish to carried on his mission, that in due time ginning, servants of the Lord who have say today is this: Being in that last and in accordance with the plan, he was

held the priesthood. See: as to the dispensation, representing our heavenly crucified, and lay in the tomb, and rose

descent of the priesthood down through Father therein, we have great responsion the third morning. I testify that

Moses, D. & C. 84:6-17, 2526; as to bilities. If the world is to be prepared Joseph was the Prophet through whom

Moses, Elias, Elijah, D. & C. 110:1115; for the Second Coming, we must do it. the Lord reestablished his Church here

earth, so on ushering in this last Disas to the Apostle John, else John 21:2223; one has the knowledge. No No pensation of the Fulness for of Times, as toand Nephites, the Three else 3 Nephi one the authority. has reThe

28:1-10. See Teachings of the Prophet sponsibility is ours. The last dispensathe carrying forward of which and the

Joseph Smith, Smith, pp. 180181.) tion has welded together all of the perfecting of which we are responsible,

doctrines principles and of the to rear began a family, Adam When gospel wasthat thefullypriesthoodrestored. came, that the gospel were advanced in former struckSatan dispensaagain. This time he dithat

vided the family. Part of them became tions. We have the priesthood bestowed I testify that those who followed the

worldly and wicked, and that wickedby heavenly hands. We have the Prophet succeeded to his powers, to his

ness increased. Part of them were restoration of the keys, conferred in the rights and prerogatives and that has

righteous. Brother Lee, yesterday traced Kirtland Temple when Moses and Elias come down through to our present

down the dispensations. There is no and Elijah came. We have all of the President, President David Oman

need of my retracing their course. These authority, all of the principles that are McKay. I testify that if we will follow

the advice the for of necessary counsel and the those great of preparawork who crisis.dispensations of were, each a them,

are placed us, over shall I tion; is ours, forcarry repeat, and we sole the redispensation inThe lived which Enoch the sponsibility are work which to obliged to go see forward we that andafforded to Enoch a chance demonstrate say obliged, is are. because carried mission our out. we warddo—Ithat could he do other leader no what live righteously. must the bless must Lord We May each every We and

of a dispensation has ever the keep of the Lord. commandments of one us help us to and part, do our done—prepare a people to be taken into the We must do his work. He has told I humbly pray, in the name of Jesus.

presence of our heavenly Father. That us what we are to do, and if we are to Amen.

—Photograph, Courtesy Salt Lake Tribu

930 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and the Father had said, "Joseph, what do you want?"and when he asked the

question and told him what he wanted, Our Advocate and the Father had answered him; then

we would know that the story of the

Our Mediator* ProphetAll revelationcould notcomesbe true.through Jesus

Christ. I have not time to go into the

by President Joseph Fielding Smith scriptures and give you references for

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE that, but that is the fact. He it was

who led Israel, and if I do not pro-

I will take crastinate time, the upon

I Priesthood, of or guidance the the higher, Melchizedek have may it rest to stateof to read is to the the you

I blessspiritual of all of keys to the Lord, speak the the wish holdIF Spirit President George from ment Can- Q. of ings of the our as our Advocate Church; and Redeemer

this point. bearing non, on

I privilege of receiving that the quite genMediator.our think have "To

erally we do not understand his misthe mysteries of the kingdom of heaven, "There is in modern Christendom a sion as fully in this regard as it is posto have the heavens opened unto them, strong tendency to ascribe to the Father sible for us to do. to commune with the general assembly visits and communications with manIn the sixth chapter of Exodus there and church of the Firstborn, and to kind that were really made by the Lord

is a statement which is a mistranslation enjoy the communion and presence of Jesus. There is even a respectable perwhich I will read to you: God the Father, and Jesus the mediator centage of the members of his Church,

"And God spake unto Moses, and of the new covenant."(Ibid., 107:1819.) established in these days, who have the

said unto him, I am the Lord: This from the First Epistle of John, idea that it was the Father and not the

"And I appeared unto Abraham, unto Verse 1, Chapter 2: "My little children, Son who appeared to the patriarchs and

Isaac, and unto Jacob, by the name of these things write I unto you, that ye prophets of old, who delivered Israel

God Almighty, but by my name sin not. And if any man sin, we have from Egypt, who gave the law on Sinai,

JEHOVAH was I not known to them."an advocate with the Father, Jesus and who was the guide and inspirer of

(Ex. 6:2-3.) Christ the righteous."the ancient seers. This was not the unNow the Hebrew scriptures inform us Paul wrote to Timothy as follows: derstanding of the true servants of God

that he referred to himself and is re- "For there is one God, and one mediator either before or after his coming. Those

ferred to throughout the Old Testament between God and men, the man Christ who preceded the advent of the Messiah as Jehovah, so this cannot be a correct Jesus; understood that he whom they wortranslation. It should read: "Who gave himself a ransom for all, shiped as Jehovah should in due time

"And God spake unto Moses, and said to be testified in due time."(I Timothy tabernacle in the flesh, and the writings

unto him, I am the Lord: 2:5-6.) of Justin Martyr and other of the early

"And I appeared unto Abraham, unto When Adam was in the Garden of fathers show that this was the belief

Isaac, and unto Jacob. I am the Lord Eden he was in the presence of God, of the early Christian Church on the

God Almighty, the Lord JEHOVAH, and our Father. He learned his language. eastern continent. The writings of the

was not my name known among them?"The first part of Genesis dealing with Hebrew prophets, as we have them in

That changes the whole meaning of the creation and with Adam in the the Bible, are perhaps not as plain on it. Garden of Eden is when the Father this point as are those of the Nephite

Now an advocate is one who defends was present with him. seers that are revealed to us in the Book

or pleads for or in behalf of another. After he was driven out of the Garden of Mormon. But we have in this latter

A mediator is one who reconciles or of Eden the scene changed. Adam was record some quotations from the earlier

brings about agreement between parties. banished because of his transgression Hebrew prophets that make this point

I want to read one or two passages of from the presence of the Father. The very clear. Nephi writes,

scripture on this point. scriptures say he became spiritually dead "'And the God of our fathers, who

"Lift up your hearts and be glad, for—that is, he was shut out from the were led out of Egypt, out of bondage,

I am in your midst, and am your advopresence of God. and also were preserved in the wildercate with the Father; and it is his good From that time on Jesus Christ comes ness by him, yea, the God of Abraham,

will to give you the kingdom."(D. & C. on the scene as our advocate, pleading and of Isaac, and the God of Jacob,

29:5.) for us as our mediator through his yieldeth himself, according to the words

"Listen to him who is the advocate ministry and labors to reconcile us, to of the angel, as a man, into the hands with the Father, who is pleading your bring us into agreement with God, his of wicked men, to be lifted up, accordcause before him Father. ing to the words of Zenock, and to be

"Saying: Father, behold the sufferings That is part of his great mission. He crucified, according to the words of

and death of him who did not sin, stands between the Father and man. He Neum, and to be buried in a sepulchre,

in whom thou wast well pleased; bepleads our cause. You know, when he according to the words of Zenos.'(I

hold the blood of thy Son which was was upon the earth he prayed frequentNephi 19:10.)

shed, the blood of him whom thou ly, and he prayed for his disciples, "Here we have the testimony of gavest that thyself might be glorified."pleading with his Father in their behalf, Zenock, Neum, and Zenos that the God

(Ibid., 45:3-4.) and he has been pleading ever since, of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob was by

"Behold, and hearken, O ye elders and he stands between us and God, wicked men to be lifted up, crucified of my church, saith the Lord your God, our Father. and afterwards buried in a sepulchre,

even Jesus Christ, your advocate, who I would like to call your attention to showing that these ancient worthies unknoweth the weakness of man and how one little thing in the first vision of derstood that it was the God of Israel to succor them who are tempted."the Prophet Joseph Smith. It is very who should come to his own. Nephi

(Ibid., 62:1.) significant, and Joseph Smith did not who himself was a Hebrew and the son

"I am the first and the last; I am he know it. If he had been perpetrating a of a prophet of that same race, also

who liveth, I am he who was slain; I fraud, he would not have thought of it. testifies in the above passage that it

am your advocate with the Father."You will recall in your reading that the was the same God of their fathers who

(Ibid., 110:4.) Father and the Son appeared, and the led them out of Egypt and preserved

"These are they who are just men Father introduced the Son and told the them in the wilderness. About four

made perfect through Jesus the mediaProphet to hear the Son. hundred years later another Nephite

tor of the new covenant, who wrought Now suppose the Prophet had come seer, King Benjamin, testifies that an out this perfect atonement through the back from the woods and had said the angel came to him and made this glorishedding of his own blood."(Ibid., Father and the Son appeared to him, ous promise:

76:69.) *Address delivered Saturday afternoon, October 3, "'For behold, the time cometh, and

"The power and authority of the 1953. (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1953 931 "'It came to pass in the 309th year of

President Joseph Fielding Smith Continued Alexander, the son of Philip the Macedonian, in the reign of Tiberius Caesar, in the of government ruler Herod, the is far not distant, that with power, Apostles. the Whether Twelve Aposof the that the Gabriel, Jews, Angel the Lord Omnipotent reigneth, tles it to who anything who had do writing with

the of chief angels, the of by command is was, all and from eternity all to to has nothing do the with point under to to God a Nazareth went virgin down eternity, shall come from consideration. down heaven writing origiThe was

called of tribe of the Miriam, the Judah the children among of shall men, and in nally Hebrew, to and wish what we of Israel son (her betrothed was who in dwell a tabernacle of clay, is attention and to that draw whenever the to the Joseph Just), he and appeared shall go forth amongst men, first working manuscript written, was the to said, her there ariseth and "Lo! from mighty miracles, as such healing the writers of the original believed that

thee the one fathers, spake with our who sick, raising the dead, causing the Jesus lame he spake was with the who anand shall he Israel; a be to Savior and to walk, the blind to receive It Israelites. their cient commences:

they not confess do shall who him sight, and the to deaf hear, curing and 'The of beginning the gospel of perish, for is his authority in lofty the all of diseases.'manner (Mosiah 3:5.) Christ, Jesus of the living the Son heights, his God, and does kingdom pass not little further says: A on he '

it as according said was the by away."Holy "shall 'And he called be Christ, Jesus

I Spirit, send angel his before an face, bless I all Lord The you pray in the the of Son the God, Father of heaven shall his prepare way. who of Christ. name Jesus Amen. earth, and the all of Creator things

from the beginning; and his mother

shall be called Mary. First Session, Friday Morning, October 2, 1953 "'And lo, he cometh unto his own,

that salvation might come unto the children of men even through faith on his name; and even after all this they shall consider him a man, and say that One Church, One Gospel,

he hath a devil, and shall scourge him, and shall crucify him.'(Ibid., 3:8-9.)

"But we have the word of the Savior himself on this point that puts controOne Savior versy to an end. When, after his

resurrection and ascension into heaven, by Bishop Joseph L. TVirthlin

he first appeared to his Nephite disciples on this land, he declared, 'BeOF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC hold, I am Jesus Christ, whom the prophets testified shall come into the President McKay, my beloved brethSo God created man in his own image, in the world. ren image created and sisters, of God this has been he him; male a most

and created female them. he inspirational hour. sure that I am "'... I am the God of Israel, and

the God of the whole earth, and have the Lord has manifested through his been slain for the sins of the world.'servant the course that he wants his Then another question: Is there a

(3 Nephi 11:10, 14.) Later during his children to follow and pursue here in definite set of laws for the spiritual and

ministry among the Nephites he afmortality. the mental growth and progress of man

firms: 'Behold, I say unto you that the Brothers and sisters, do you believe to the end that he might enjoy salvalaw is fulfilled that was given unto God is the same yesterday, today, and tion and exaltation in the kingdom of

Moses. forever? our heavenly Father? Again some may

"'Behold, I am he that gave the law, Do you believe he is a God of order answer in the affirmative; some may

doubt; some may have a negative attiall in things?and I am covenanted he who with my

people Israel; therefore, you in the law Do believe that he governs the tude. me

is fulfilled.'(Ibid., 15:4-5.) universe by the application of divine Definitely fixed laws and powers

"Should any still have a lingering law? govern nature, planets, and the universe

doubt that the Jehovah who revealed Many would answer these three queswhich can only be changed by the will himself to Abraham, to Moses and to tions as follows: some in the affirmaof God. Man, the greatest of God's

others was any other than he whom we tive, some not sure, and possibly some creations, can and does fix the laws that know in the flesh as Jesus Christ, that negatively. Those who are not spiritualgovern his mortal life regardless of any

doubt is set at rest by the revelations ly inclined might indicate that they divine plan that was devised for his given in these days. In the vision seen believe there is a God, a higher intelligood. He is blessed with intelligence

by the Prophet Joseph Smith and by gence which governs the universe, and far above all the other creations. Hence,

Oliver Cowdery in the Kirtland Temple, they point out some of the evidences he knows the difference between good 3rd of April, 1836, the following apthat are found in the many forms of and bad, and being blessed with the pears: orderly sequence of nature—the the seawhatdivinecoursegift ofhe freewill agency,pursue incanlife.decide its place, spring, sons, each in "'We saw the Lord standing upon summer,

the breastwork of the pulpit, before us; autumn, and winter, and to the creaRecently, a noted reverend doctor deand under his feet was a paved work of tion of storms based upon the applicaclared, "There is nothing to the One

pure gold, in color like arnber. tion of divine principles; the sun, the Church Idea,"which, from my point

"'Flis eyes were as a flame of fire; moon, and the stars all held in their of view, is an admission by the reverend

the hair of his head was white like the orbits by the application of the laws doctor that there is not anything to the pure snow; his countenance shone above and powers best known to the Creator. idea of a divine plan for the blessing

the brightness of the sun; and his voice The scientist in his laboratory slowly of our heavenly Father's children. There

was as the sound of the rushing of great unravels the wonders of the creation are many who think as the reverend waters, even the voice of Jehovah, saywhich evidences the existence of a didoctor, and they say, "After all, we ing: are all striving vine being life. by eternal the universe towards was whom

It created, makes no difference by whose hand which path the animal ''I am the first and the last; I am we

he who liveth, I am he who was slain; world, the vegetable world, and the follow, for our destination is the same."

I am your advocate with the Father.'mineral world are ruled. To advocate there is but one God, one

(D. & C. 110:2-4.) I wish to submit another question: faith, and one baptism is considered by

"Somewhat curiously an ancient What of man and woman, son and many to be narrow and unjust.

Syriac manuscript has within the last daughter of the Creator of the universe, In this day and age the words of few months been unearthed that is created in his image, according to Paul are applicable when he declared known as the gospel of the Twelve Genesis 1:27? to the Galatians:

932 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

I marvel that ye are so soon removed First: Did the Savior establish one definitely ordained servants in the same,

from him that called you into the grace Church or many churches? and one gospel)

of Christ unto another gospel. (Galatians definitely asthere Second: Were is gate: strait for wide at the in Enter ye

1:6.) officers signed in the Church? is leadeth that the way, gate, broad the and

The concept of the Godhead has Third: Was there divine authority to destruction, and many there be which

in thereat: gospel? go earth the one and upon of Savior. the the since dayschanged

is is gate, narrow strait and the Because I 12th Corinthians, from Reading said:He life, few and leadeth unto the which way, Verse: 28th Chapter,

it. find that there be the seen that seen hath hath he... me

set in the church, hath some And God.. -14:9.)Father.. (John to the Savior of the statement This thirdly first prophets, apostles, secondarily

point to the clear is definite and gifts of world after that miracles, then teachers, gospel, of one Church, idea one The his way, of diversities way, helps, but one healings, can be governments, that there fact, the Savior, in in minds oneand of many, is a fallacy. tongues. through his organization, the Church It would not be consistent thinking Here we see the servant of God speakof the Lord Jesus Christ—the one

in the ing that believeto of the Church, one church not many Church. God is orderly

In his Church are found according to of churches. the universegoverning and indifferent

and disorderly in providing a plan of And again we read in Ephesians Paul in his message to the Ephesians life and salvation for his greatest crea- 5:23: 4:11:

some, apostles; and some, his children.tion, gave namely, And he wife, of the is the head the husband For some, evangelists; and some, prophets; and in the midst But of church: the head is the Christ as of all of this coneven

fusion and socalled broadmindedness and he is the saviour of the body. pastors and teachers.

religions, of teachers manmade theby after the priest a high Christ was of Christ one, only which Church,—one heard, Prophet of was a young voicethe in read of Melchizedek. order head. We the was a York, young western fromcoming New 3:1: Hebrews

is unto subject as church the Therefore is there that declared again whoman their let of to the so Christ, be wives own partakers brethren, holy Wherefore, faith, one one God, one Church,one (Ibid., 5:24.) thing. every Apostle in the calling, consider husbands the heavenly tell to dared young Thisbaptism. man Christ profession, of our Priest High and is the is actually Christ the saw he that where evidence Herethe world

Jesus. to reaffirmed of not Son. the Church Church, the one head He andFather

the world that God was a personage many churches. In other words, all of the Apostles rewith body, parts, and passions; that And again in Ephesians 4, Verses 4 ceived the Melchizedek Priesthood.

Jesus Christ, the despised Nazarene who and 5: They received their apostolic calling

was crucified upon Calvary's hill, actualThere is one body [one church], and one from Jesus Christ.

ly lived. He conversed and talked with Spirit, even as ye are called in one hope We find in Luke 10:1, where there

him. He received definite instructions, of your calling; are seventies spoken of and who were

and among other things, the resurOne Lord, one faith, one baptism. sent out two and two to every city and

rected Savior said: These are a few of the evidences place, whither he, the Church, would

come. which in the lips, law found their.. to with near. they draw me Paul and read where In Acts 15:2, we. there great was the far me. are out.. bear from hearts theirbut andtruth—testimony settle a certain to going were Barnabas Savior 2:19.) the organized Smith by (Joseph church but one

to sent Jerudispute, were up they and estabin the ministry, his and during boldly Prophet American the Apostles This young the to consult and salem his there of but was Church, lishment angel that an world to the elders indeclared the question, this elders about organizain that organization, and one to entrusted to and him appearedhad Church. offiassigned definitely there were tion conrecord which ancient carehis 1:1: an Philippians find in We authority from divine cers with endowed of dealings of the history thetained high. on of servants the Timotheus, Paul and lived that people the withthe Lord 21: 2:20 and Ephesians read from all Christ in saints the to Christ, Jesus We in continent this, the Americanupon bishat the Philippi, are with Jesus which

of the contained foundation built there the are was times, upon andancient And deacons. ops and

himself Christ prophets, Jesus apostles plan and divine record the this sacredin of salvation given to mankind through being the chief corner stone; There were bishops in the organizafitly framed building all the In whom visited peothe established of as Christ tion the he Church Christ whenJesus in temple together groweth an holy unto

it. continent. American theple upon the Lord.

1:5, of Zacharias, the In Luke we read that John world to the declared He

the Baptist appeared to him and conHere twelve men were duly ordained priest. We read of this same priest in

ferred upon him the Aaronic Priestand set apart as the Twelve Apostles Luke 1:8.

hood; that Peter, James, and John, the of the first Church. We read in Mark In Ephesians 4:11, Paul speaks of

former apostolic Presidency, bestowed 3:14, that he ordained the twelve, "... ordained teachers. In Philippians 1:1

upon him the Melchizedek Priesthood; that they should be with him, and that the deacons are mentioned.

that Elijah came and gave him the keys he might send them forth to preach,"In Ephesians 4:11, are found evangefor the work of the dead, Moses the the gospel, to represent this great organlists or patriarchs.

keys of gathering, and Elias the reization, the one Church, and proclaim As we carefully peruse the law and turn of the spirit of the gospel. the gospel to the known world of that the testimony, we find there was but

In fact, he declared to the world that time. one Church organized by the Christ.

the Church of the Lord Jesus Christ We read in Acts 11:22: He gave to the world but one gospel

for of salvation exaltation the plan and earth with to the restored beenhad things unto these of tidings came Then the priesthood of mankind, and God, all the of and priesthood Godthe in Jeruof the which was church ears ofthe it officers in duly ordained and auand in the anexisted officers thatfices and that forth Barnabas, sent they salem: and

in to his serve thorized kingdom uponcient Antioch. Church. as far as go should he The reaction to his divine message the earth, his Church—one Church.

and tidings of great joy was received Here we see a duly authorized servant There were certain initiatory ordiwith scorn. He was looked upon as a of God being sent by the Church by nances that had to be met to gain citizenbigot, narrowminded. Finally, he those who were in authority in Jeruship in the kingdom or membership in

sealed his testimony with his blood. salem to Antioch to take care of the Church of the Lord Jesus Christ.

Now, let us go to the law and the Church affairs. This was best illustrated on the Day

testimony to determine whether or not The Savior makes it very clear when of Pentecost when a multitude of peothe claims of the Prophet Joseph were he stated to the people in Matthew ple were gathered together, and Peter false or true. All Christians accept the 7:1314 (speaking of one Church, bore his testimony so strongly and

Bible as the law and the testimony. speaking of one organization with (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1953 933 as it has been given to us through his

Joseph I. Wirthlin Continued Prophet. I want to testify to you that

there is but one Church, and that is carries his that the the Church name, I great, small the dead, as toimpressively and of saw cruAnd mission the the of of Christ Jesus Latterday Church before stand books the were God; andcified Savior that that great multitude

I testify Saints. to to you, brethwant opened, opened: another which book and wasarose as asked one questhe and man

sisters, is life: at that stands there ren of the the the and were book and deadtion, brethren, shall and "Men what

of those things judged were out which of this of Christ, the one head Church Peter do?"answered them:we their in to books, written the according all Apostle, a Prophet, has the an who

Repent, and be baptized every one of you works. same rights, keys, and authority that

ofin the Christ Jesus for the remisname enjoyed in the beginning, by Peter us in revelation teaches the were Modern sins, ofsion receive ye shall the and true is equally of the the same and that Section of the Doctrine gift 76thof and Covethe Ghost. Holy

For the promise is unto you, and to your nants, that all men, the sons and daughTwelve, and all of those who preside children, and to all that are afar off, even ters of God, will enjoy a place in one in high places in this great organizaas many as the Lord our God shall call. of the glories prepared for them, accordtion.

(Acts 2:3839.) ing to their deeds in the flesh. Certainly, when God the Father deHere are the principles and the I ask you if this is narrow. I ask if clared:

ordinances whereby the children of our this is bigotry. But I want to say to For behold, this -is my work and my

heavenly Father might enjoy memberyou, brethren and sisters, this is the glory—to bring to pass the immortality and

ship in the one Church, the Church of broadest plan of salvation that has been eternal life of man, (Moses 1:39)

the Lord Jesus Christ. given to the world since the Savior was

I might digress long enough to say crucified for the sins of all men: he devised a plan whereby this could

organization done, an through be andthat there are different of forms baptism that so loved For the world, gave he God it could accomplished, be namely, which earth, the specificallyupon I speak of his only that Son, begotten bewhosoever of organization the of the the Church orbaptism pouring by sprinkling for lieveth perish, in should but not have him Christ. Jesus Lord Ichildren. As understand the of words life. everlasting 3:16.) (John

Peter on the Day of Pentecost, baptism That is my testimony to you. I thank

was for the purpose of forgiving sins. It is a glorious truth and blessing to God for it. I hope that every member

Small children are not guilty of sins enjoy membership in the Church, the of this Church will have that same witbecause they do not know the difference one Church of the Lord Jesus Christ, ness in his heart and that the children between good and bad, and the Savior restored to the earth in exactly the same of men, as the prophet of God called all said, "Suffer little children to come unto form as it existed when Christ estabmen this morning to repent of their me,... for of such is the kingdom of lished it first twenty centuries ago. Each ways and accept of this divine plan,

God."(Luke 18:16.) and everyone of us can testify by the and thus prevent the catastrophe which

It was a great source of inspiration Spirit of the Holy Ghost that we know now faces the world. If the world will

and encouragement to future generations that God is the same yesterday, today, follow this divine counsel, there is no when Peter promised in a distant day and forever; that he is a God of order question but what we can live in the

the gift of the Holy Ghost or the spirin all things; and that he spoke personSpirit of the Christ, namely, the spirit

itual baptism would be available to ally to the Prophet Joseph and assigned of peace, for which all nations are those afar off and those who were afar him the great task to establish upon the struggling.

off, I believe, are the people that live earth the Church of the Lord Jesus May God bless us. May we express

in this generation. Christ, the one Church, the one gospel, our appreciation day by day for our

And coming back to the Apostles of and teach the world that there was but membership and our many opportunities

Christ'saway—theday,apostasythey observedwas underway,a fallingfor onePersonally,Savior, theI amSon notof God.ashamed of the forkingdomsalvationof God,andI humblyexaltationask, inin thethe

Paul declared to the Galatians: restored gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

I marvel that ye are so soon removed from him that called you into the grace of Christ unto another gospel. (Gal. 1:16.)

The Apostles were blessed with prophetic vision for we read in Acts Fulfil Your Responsibilities3:19:

Repent ye therefore, and be converted, that your sins may be blotted out, when the by S. Dilworth Young

times of refreshing shall come from the OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY presence of the Lord.

And continuing on in Acts 3:20 and live. Some

21: ThisBishopmorningWirthlinas Presidentspoke, I McKaythoughtandto toare theon stakesmissions;in which15,000theyare in engaged

And he shall send Jesus Christ, which myself that it is our job to implement Church activity other than quorum before was preached unto you: the work of the Church, the divinity and work, five thousand are away from home;

Whom the heaven must receive until the purpose of which President McKay bore and more than five thousand are in times of restitution of all things, which witness, and the inspired organization the armed services. That leaves a total

the spoken by mouthGod hath testified. of all his to of Bishop Wirthlin which are avail109,000 men, however, who

since the prophetsholy world began. ourselves, must, able. through strength It depends of Somehow upon the we

The apostasy was foreseen, and God the inspiration of the Lord, and through their testimony and upon what they revealed there would be a restitution, his guidance, make the destined goal a intend to do with this great gospel, as a restoration of all things before the reality. to whether or not we are to succeed

second coming of the Christ. There were in the Church, in the in what President McKay has so

I think all Christians will admit that stakes of Zion, on December 31, 1952, earnestly pleaded for this morning.

Christ atoned for all men, hence all 1870 quorums of the Melchizcdek Priest- I estimate that there are in each men will enjoy the blessings of the hood that totalled, in round numbers, quorum of the Melchizcdek Priesthood, resurrection. 138,400 men. All of these hold the an average of fortyeight men who will

Joseph Smith taught the world that right and the privilege to preach the not, normally, have direction from any in the plan of the gospel as it is repregospel, when called, to any portion of ecclesiastical heads as to what they shall sented in Mormonism, there will be a the earth or within their own stakes. do except by their quorum presidents.

place for all of the Lord's children on Twentyeight thousand, nine hundred They will not be used by bishops in the the basis of merit as revealed in Revelafifty of these men, for various reawards; they will not be used by the

tion 20:12: sons, are not available to the wards or stake officers; and if they have any as934 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

signed tasks, it will be because the presiis your responsibility to bring into acbility through quorum activity. Then

dents of their quorums assign them. tivity any man, then unless you bring we shall grow and then we shall flourish

Therein, in my opinion, lies the acid that man into activity, you are not upon the mountain. Great will be our

test of quorum leadership. measuring up to what the Lord had in joy, for we shall sing praises and

When I was a good deal younger, I mind when he inspired the president hosannahs to the most high God, as read a verse of scripture. The first readof the stake to call you to that exalted we see his great work coming to fruition.

ing thrilled me. I was filled with wonposition. I add my testimony to that of Bishop

der, and awed at its implications. This And what I say about an elder applies Wirthlin, that there stands at the head

is the scripture: equally well to a seventy or to a high of this Church a prophet, a seer, and

Now the Lord had shown unto me, priest. It matters not. All are offices in a revel ator, and that those who preside

Abraham, the intelligences that were orthe Melchizedek Priesthood, and it is with him, and who, under his direction, ganized before the world was; and among this priesthood which will enlarge this direct the affairs of this Church are likeall these there were many of the noble and Church and fill the earth. wise prophets and seers and revelators,

great ones; Let us not, therefore, brethren, fall and I uphold and sustain them with all

these souls that And they saw were God it I I heart. responsibility. Let in that that pray can do with down us my

good, of stood he in and the them, midst all of strength, for the brethren unless quorums, a worry, person not my

I said:and he will rulers; These make my it call. all strength, as his the bishops does as well the with about men whomfor spirits, stood he those that were among

is of, are his heart, care acwith have they taken not Those much men heand that they saw were good; and he

said unto me: Abraham, thou art one of something to do. But let us not rest complished.

them; thou wast chosen before thou wast until the men who do not have exact This is my prayer, in the name of

bom. (Abraham 3:2223.) responsibility are given such responsiJesus Christ. Amen.

I confess that when I read these words for the first time, there sprang into my heart an intense hope, if a person can have a hope in reverse order, that I Second Session, Friday Afternoon, October 2, 1953 might, personally, have been one of those in whose midst the Savior stood when choosing those to be born as leaders I believe on earth. every young

for feeling this The Joy of Missionary has anyman who

Church gets that thought. I think I am

not alone in it, at all.

revealed that to Lord The Abraham Service chosen.he was one so Abraham Now

calledwas out the Lord by of the by Clifford E. Young

to settleChaldees in Canaan. go and

The Lord was testing him. I believe ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

that the Lord tests his leaders, even his greatest leaders, by entrusting with BRETHREN AND SISTERS: It seems were baptized in his name, which is

positionssmall lead in I stand Christ, they will time Jesus that every where to and endured the end, to me

If I feel less of sure but MYthis position they provefew people. worthy, and should said be saved. that He also

unwaveringly lead these people toward myself. I recognize that as we go out we should declare glad tidings, publish

their exaltation, he then adds more and in the stakes, there is a warmth of feelthem upon the mountains and upon more responsibility until there is no ing between the congregation of the every high place and among every limit to capacity, development, and glory Saints and those who visit their conpeople that we should be permitted to of that leader. ferences from time to time, and there see. We should do it with all humility,

I remember with a good deal of feelshould be no difference in this meeting, trusting in him, reviling not the reing the words with which Abraham because that same spirit of warmth and vilers, and of tenets we should not talk, described his action. He left the fellowship is multiplied by the increased but should declare repentance and faith

Chaldees with such souls "as we had numbers that are here, and yet noton the Savior, and the remission of won in Haran."I think those souls withstanding that, this vast congregasins by baptism and by fire, yea, even

were few. In my humble opinion, tion, and consciousness of the fact that the Holy Ghost. It is in this spirit that

Abraham led out of that land a group there are so many listening in on the our missionaries are counseled to go of people corresponding in size to a outside, presents a challenge indeed. from house to house, preaching and

quorum of elders. Probably when he I have undertaken today to write bearing witness of the restored gospel

first started out, he had perhaps fifty or what I would like to say in the interest of Christ. We recognize the fact that

sixty, and the Lord tested him to see if of time, and I sincerely hope that the the world is full of good people, that he would lead them as directed, and he Lord will be.with all of us, that what they have their religious convictions and

did. I shall say may be of benefit to you and traditions, traditions that are deeply

Now, brethren, statistically you have to me, and give us increased faith. rooted from ages past. We do not ask

about fifty men in your quorums availSince our last conference it has been them to give up any truths that they able for assignment. You young my privilege to visit two of the missions have, but we do ask that they reappraise

elders'presidencies, you young men of the Church, one in southern Calitheir faith and their religion, their who have enthusiasm but not yet much fornia and one in eastern Canada. I church, to see if they harmonize with

practice in the business of doing Church have been thrilled with the splendid that which was taught by our Lord and work, if you are to lead fifty men and work that is being done by our missionSavior, Jesus Christ. Our missionaries do

can lead them into righteousness, if you aries. It seems to me they are doing not present a message of a new church;

do it successfully, the Lord will enmore effective work than ever in our it is a message of the restored Church.

large you and will bring upon you history. They do not go out with a We do not have a new gospel. It is the

greater leadership, until finally you will spirit of antagonism toward any church gospel that was preached by Jesus find place among those to whom he reor any people, but rather in the spirit Christ, the same yesterday, today, and ferred when he spoke to Abraham as of the counsel that was given in the forever. Our position as Latterday

being among those who would become; early history of the Church by the Saints is that we are entrusted with the

his leaders. Prophet Joseph when he said that we responsibility of establishing the kingYou do not have to preside over the should contend against no church, save dom of God in the earth, that it may

Church, or over a stake, or over a ward it be the church of the evil one, that we prepare mankind for the kingdom of to qualify for such a great thing. Howshould take upon ourselves the name heaven that is to come. We feel that

ever, I do think that if you preside of Christ, and speak the truth in soberthere is no greater message that can be over a quorum of the priesthood, if it ness, and that as many as repented and (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1953 935 of you who are younger, President CanClifford E. Youn Continued non served as counselor in the First

Presidency from the time of President brought to the children of men than one... call ye upon him while he is near: John Taylor on to the time of Presithat will make men conscious of error Let the wicked forsake his way, and the dent Snow. I think it was during

and turn them to the truth. Repentance unrighteous man his thoughts: and let him President Snow's administration that

will the Lord, unto he have and act. is a grand Christian passed away. President He Cannon for him; our It'is not only returnmercy God, and to upon heChristian, it is also divine. but of this leaders the great one of was 55:6-7.) (Isaiah will abundantly pardon.

This missionary activity is a great Church—a brilliant mind. He knew

contribution to our missionary's life, Our missionaries learn to love their the Prophet Joseph. His father had

whether he be young or old. For two contacts, the people whom they meet, come from the Isle of Man with his

or more years, he is in the field of a although they do not always see alike family. They had become converted

spiritual uplift. He learns to pray as in matters of religion and do not always to Mormonism, and had settled in

he never did before. He learns to draw agree, yet they recognize that the world Nauvoo, and were there at the time of

near to God, and he finds that God is full of good people. Many honestthe martyrdom. I think I may safely

draws near to him. He learns that hearted and upright men and women say that President Cannon's tribute to

there is only one way to every human have not accepted and do not accept the Prophet Joseph in his biography is heart, and that is through humility and Mormonism because they cannot comone of the finest that has ever been writprayer. He learns to be tolerant with prehend it. As the Savior said to ten regarding the Prophet Joseph. It was

his fellow men. Through study he Nicodemus, "They cannot see."And written from an intimate touch that the

learns to enrich his mind, enlarge his yet through the fine work that they Cannon family had with the Prophet, soul with the thoughts of great men, men are doing, our missionaries are gradualand George Q. Cannon as a lad fourof God, prophets of God, and thus he ly breaking down prejudices. They are teen years of age remembered the great

grows in knowledge and wisdom. being invited into homes that are blessed leadership and the spiritual power that

In the mission field a missionary is because of the faith and the testimony characterized the Prophet of God, to often tempted, but he does not yield. that they bring to them. There is no whom the Lord had revealed his great

Thus he becomes brave and strong, greater joy that can come to the human work. And so I quote in conclusion

strong physically, mentally, morally, heart than to bring this message of some remarks from President Cannon:

to eternal truth those not do have who all, spiritually.and above mission- A so unare not Saints Latterday The it. so service our missionary beAnd great oftenary decisions to has make, are the they that to imagine as charitable spiritual great factor in a comes thedecisions that times are is or beyond many dealing, God with ones whom only lives this of exthose unusual have who ofthe his youth. wisdom over and people only the whom they are

is it perience. to nothing equal There being are providences his toward whom I recall related experience that an was

filled anywhere. boys Our come home entered never has thought a exercised. Such President Price, Robertby former J. intellitruth, a of with are testimony the acknowlof those hearts who the into ofpresident States the Central Atlantic of Jesus the in reflecting Church of edging to the the goodness gent Lord and them

asMission, ocus with he met on one It is true Saints. of Latterday Christ of fact that the they and conscious have

incasion telling of the temple, two testify that have believe we and that we to to able good, been not only do some missionaries recentgos- everlastingyoung had just the to who proclaim called simplicity, with purity ly into and of its ancient pel in neither the field, come graces, as gifts its enof and plenitude whom theythemselveshave comebut alsoin contact.to those with whom thebeen experience. Brotherhad had much

Price had received a message that one Thus has been laid a foundation of joyed in ancient days, that we have been of that work foundation to the called lay spirituality faith strength of and and diffiof families the having was some increase is to and destined grow and which in character our that I people has young culty, marital as trouble remember, fills it from earth until the whole spread greatly to contributed the growth and these so inexperienced young,and two west. to east Yet to from south and north

It is of this strength Church. no thismissionaries sent to were home. to On the arrogate ourthis account not do on we

entering the home, one of the elders wonder the Bishop of York was led selves all the kindness, all the mercy, care asked if it would be in order with the to say after his visit to Salt Lake City, and goodness which God dispenses to his family that they first kneel in prayer. on his return to England, as reported, creatures here on the earth, but we firmly

And so they all knelt down, and the I think, by Brother Sonne on his return believe in every nation and among every fact people, in kindred, tongue, and and Europe, from "The Church Mormon elder asked thatyoung the who led of face earth, the creed the in every on it for a be must wealthy Church, mainin the proceedings guideLord would there are those watches with God whom tains so missionaries in the many thatthat follow, differences should the his particular care, to blessings and whom

I world."that there think At time were in that becould home, and composed are his believe that proviextended, and we

that peace could be established. And five thousand missionaries, and at an dences are over all the works of his hands,

he prayed for the home, and in the average cost of sixty dollars a month and that none is so remote, friendless, or sincerity of his heart he brought confor each, you can see that would amount isolated that he is not the object of his care, his is his love. our mercy This and to or a over $300,000.00 month, listened.viction to those who And

belief, see the events and we which when year, so a the $3,500,000.00 Bishop and all their knees, arose they fromwhen

are taking at place the present time [and it of calculating dollars in York was father, the seeminglythe been had who this almost prophetic], sounds we when cents. did that not and understand Heleader, of source the the been had who of revolutions of hear wars, and nation

trouble, approached the missionary; the wealth that maintains these missionrising against nation, of the various judgtaking him by the hand, he said, "We aries is not gold and silver, but faith, ments and calamities, as well as the various

do not need you longer. You have sacrifice, devotion on the part of parents, kindnesses and mercies, that are bestowed

touched our hearts, and we will comin most cases, parents of limited means, upon and extended to the inhabitants of pose our differences, and you can denot of wealth, but rich in faith and in the earth, and to the various nationalities into are they divided, all which see in we is It this in great confidence a work. it fail."will that notpend upon we

these the things of our kind hand and built that our gold not has temples it said, reporting in Price BrotherAnd beneficent Creator. his see providences. We our meetinghouses, the and but same of"Surely, the of babes mouths out and his forth, behold going acknowland we We faith to the devotion the Lord on andsucklings the ordained hath Lord his edge goodness, also think and that we

strength."part of those who also support the great we can discern his overruling care and

And so it is in this spirit that our mismissionary system of the Church. providence for the bringing to pass the great

of events he spoken, which has will which great forth, sissionaries have they and go In conclusion, brethren and my result in the emancipation of our ters, are equaldecisions they to extract make, and a eventually I read from an may race the from thralldom of evil, underto in pulpit this delivered them. sermon many which groans. it now

The missionaries also learn the inyears ago by President George Q. Canjunction that was given by Isaiah the non. I think it was in 1871. It was It is in this spirit, my brethren and

prophet, that they should seek the Lord subsequently reported in the Church sisters, that our missionaries go out into while he may be found: Section of the Deseret News. For some the world to proclaim the restored gos936 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

pel, and I have nothing but commendayears ago to be called to the mission men, ye shall receive the gift of the Holy all his in things Ghost, asking name, and grategospel. the to preach for finetion these and I am who field women men

it ask, shall shall whatsoever ye be given of faith that for ful foundation was for the the splendid sentare out, and men of this you. because soul established preside over them. in myand who women

These mission presidents and their unusual experience, and I humbly Then there follows an account of the wives, outstanding in their faith and in acknowledge on this occasion these baptism of Adam, and this declaration their devotion to the work of the Lord, blessings, and also the goodness of my by a voice speaking out of heaven to give these missionaries proper direction, parents in making such an experience Adam:

and inspire them in the great work to possible. I express my gratitude to my

of in son me, a Behold, thou art one I testi- I bear Father, grateful called. and heavenly are they mywhich am

all sons. ray thus become God; and may this of work, great of divinity privileges the for I the today hereas mony stand

6:52, 68.) (Moses Christ. of forty in the Jesus over that Amen. blessings were name mineand

In writing to the Galatians, the Apostle Paul said,

And the scripture, foreseeing that God would justify the heathen through faith,

In thee shall all nations be blessed. saying, "And this is my gospel..."preached before the gospel unto Abraham, (Gal. 3:8.)

by Harold B. Lee He was speaking of the ordinance of

OF THE COUNCIL OP THE TWELVE baptism in Moses'day when he wrote these words to the Corinthians:

President McKay's address this spirits upon the earth, to "... prove... how that all our fathers were under

sea; the all through passed cloud, and herewith, to see if told will of a picture that them they do the he morningIn

... Moses. all unto baptized were And all things their meetingthe Huntsville whatsoever the in Lord hung

house, a picture of President John TayGod shall command them"(Abr. 3:25), (I Cor. 10:1-2.)

iflor, words, that with the a promise keep they were under would which of Israel children of the then And is their estate of not, second they should the kingdom have God"Where Paul of Moses, leadership the under glory their enstatement forever added heads is nothing."there That upon said, the and Hebrews, to again wrote

to talk something and forever. aboutcourages me

about which I have been thinking for In the first chapter of the writings of For unto us was the gospel preached, a long time. If the Lord is willing and John, the nature of that glory spoken as well as unto them: but the word preached

I might have his Spirit, I would like of in the revelation to Abraham is imdid not profit them, not being mixed with to speak about a subject which I will plied. John said, faith in them that heard it. (Hebrews 4:2.)

question asked aintroduce by quoting thus recorded statements of these All received as to as him, But them many statement a a missionary, andby by been confirmed Bible have in the of to sons the he from gave power become asked, thinker. missionarya great The... revelation. 1:12.) God. (John modern

that claims restored the"Since Church of dispensations Adam, as in the Just revelation organiInit is that a to the modern necessary same have same fundathose were Moses and Abraham, is slight statement primitive variarepeated in existed the with thatzation those given and teachings mental clarified, tion Apostles, in these particularly then words: andchurch, Twelve gospel of the ordinances fundamental kingthe that claim then can wehow Savior the hear so administered, we I as to received as But gave me, many gospel the were of upon and Goddom

... to Nicodemus, speaking to sons; power become my Savior of the before the time earththe

I verily, verily, that say you, unto he And Apostles?"of they of no had water andwhen be born a Except man receiveth gospel receiveth he and me; my the into kingdom enter Spirit, cannot he the I to read wish statement which that receiveth not The receiveth gospel not my

3:5.) of (John God. I,is in me. he was while from Napoleon

"I follows: as Itexile reads 1817. in initiate that would suppose God To define to the proceeds then Lord And it if existed religion a in believewould salvation be would which on principles the of gosordinances fundamental the of time, but the beginning whenfrom four thouallow then conditioned,. and pel in these words: Socrates, Plato,I consider and Mohamauthority pass any without to years sand

med, I no longer believe."And this is my gospel—repentance and or any organization to administer those

There are those who believe that baptism by water, and then cometh the ordinances, is untenable to the thinking fire of the Ghost, even baptism and Holy estabnot to of wasthe have would thinking kingdom God man man. A

all things, Comforter, showeth which of after the the until advent the a relilished "Unless Napoleon, with conclude the the of things peaceable teacheth and

I of the gospel Jesus thatSavior beginning, cannot and the existed from gion 39:4-6.) C. (D. kingdom. &

until earth the notChrist upon was believe."

the time of his advent. The gospel plan, as these scriptures Now for just a moment, let's take a

As I have thought of that question would indicate, was laid in the heavens hasty look at the Church organizations of the missionary about the organization before the earth was organized and that have existed in each of these disof the Church, and about Napoleon's spirits were placed upon it. pensations from the beginning. To Adam

statement, three questions have formuThat this gospel and the essentials there was given "... dominion... over

lated themselves in my thinking: The of salvation have been upon the earth in every living thing that moveth upon

first, How old is the kingdom of God every dispensation from the time of the earth."(Genesis 1:28.) The govand the gospel upon the earth? The Adam, there can be no doubt. In an ernment in his time was patriarchal,

second, What are the essentials of a early revelation to Moses, which we and the priesthood ruled. Men holding

gospel dispensation in the world? And have contained in the Pearl of Great the priesthood ruled by direct revelathird, What officers are necessary in Price, the Lord, speaking to Adam, tion and commandment. In Enoch's

an organization to constitute the Church said this: time likewise, his government was

and kingdom of God? I realize that patriarchal. Zion, the City of Holiness,

If wilt hearken turn unto thou and me, fully questions wouldto those a peranswer gave established, and Enoch believe, voice, repent unto and and my is allotted to time thantake us as the law, more of wasfect much economic known all baptized, transgressions, thy even be and briefly shall only so I likewiseto me, comment of a was There Enoch. Order of in in the water, Bemine Only name

in answer to a few observations makeand similar from government Noah is truth, full of grace and gotten Son, who to these questions. which is Jesus Christ, the only name which Abraham, as we are informed by modern

In the Lord's revelation to Abraham, shall be given under heaven, whereby salrevelation in these words, he spoke of the purpose in sending vation shall come unto the children of (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1953 937 the kingdom of God cpmeth not by

Harold B. lee conninued observation, meaning that there would

be no outward signs or no political it today, so changes, is now among us, the foundaof this from never priesthood order conhave been revealed was The in every dispensation been as it has...... shall be revealed father tion of to the worldfirmed to from be handed down

son, and rightly belongs to the literal in this, the dispensation of the fulness of of the gospel since the days of Adam.

descendants of the chosen seed, to whom the times. (D. & C. 128:18.) Another statement was made by the

(D.promises were made. & C. 107:40.) of prophets Testament which the New

of that, in Peter spoke The Apostle to significance. are some They me has

of to this Dispensation same to the Samuel, referring Prophet Moses From as quoted the said having that "...

Israel was governed by judges, who were the Fulness of Times, when he said kingdom of God is within you."(Luke

chosen from among the people. And there would be a 17:21.) A more correct translation

recall,then because you will they were in that"peculiar"type of government, hath...spokenrestitutionby theof mouthall things,of allwhichhis holyGod probablydom of Godwouldis amonghave said,you "Theor in kingyour

they sought for a king, to be like other prophets since the world began. (Acts midst,"but as I thought of that other

peoples; a king to rule over them in 3:21.) statement, "The kingdom of God is

secular matters, a prophet while would I recalled within experience you,"an

It clear that the seems then were affairs. to spiritualcontinue in guide that of students a group with had we to organization devoid today be Church recall will that Saul thenYou was University, from Brigham Young who in therefore, of that gave, Jesus whichchosen, followed David, by by and gracious were to under enough come

this of organization, dispensathe way division the of the thenSolomon, and of leadership the President Wilkinson fail token, tion that same would by Israel of ofchildren into the kingdom little to in a over the House, group Lion of to established an be kingdom God Israel of the and under kingdomJudah sixteen, representing sixteen there and in the of earth the Dispensation upon Jeroboam. andRehoboam countries, to foreign asked stand were

of to Fulness in the Times was which tell of to the the Jesus, advent they about With and Jews came know how "all restored things."be Undoubtedly

it, state of apostasy, in a they gospel the acceptwere were and and you why organization the the gave Master was recallwill University, to at chose twelve to be he and Young Brigham men to of the pattern organization be more It special witnesses,his to of their these testimonies. a bear and one most was

perfected in past dispensathe than Peter, totwelve, the keys interesting gave the intensely evening. heard he We is tions. of this in evidence There the of of significance fromkingdom God. and from young The men women

after fact that left he the people hadthat Brazil, of of Scandiking- keys the the the Argentina, Mexico, commission here following his resurrection, he went is in Peter to better France, countries, England. understood and naviandom

to the Nephites, there and again he revelation of a to storythe us they the same. given words was The When

disciples, chose twelve set he up whom find to relate the they to Smith,by Prophet Joseph came began when how to his govern that part of Church and it this, this: of yearnthe the gospel, said speaking the were Lord They was

the this here kingdom continent on for for truth. seekingProphet ing Joseph, were They

the Nephites. among satisfied, in light. not and were They I of keys the given have Unto whom is ask, might then the what We search, of their midst came the someone thethe belong always unto kingdom, which

of kingdom again are God? And we of gospel. truths the to the with {Ibid., them Priesthood. of thePresidency High

81:2.) not left without an answer, for the Lord They prayed about it and sought the

replied, keys of the "The kingdom all intently, their intensely, with of Lord Peter, the holding words, In other are committed unto the God on man to a divine receive hearts, and came the ofkeys as the kingdom, was much... earth. there are keys the Where this that they testimony knew by which in ofpresident the Priesthood High is to the kingdom, the There Church is Christ. of gospel the Jesus One his suchis as Smith and day Joseph it is of Christ, Jesus stone and the which said, "I studying been had young woman alsocessors, these to "keys"were whom of cut out the was without mountain to this a gospel, night the I came and of are in day, presidents the ourgiven as told in hands, Daniel's interpretation I sing, "Joseph heard them and meeting earthlythe Priesthood, the and High of the dream, roll to forth which was First in Prayer,"gave Smith's which of of theheads kingdom and Church

it smite the and image break in and first vision, of bestory the the and song earth. the onGod it pieces roll to and until on should into song, that finished fore they had the describing Apostle Paul The fill earth. the (D. whole C. 65.) & Spirit that testimony bore heart the my said, his in organization dayChurch

The Prophet Joseph Smith makes this this is the Church and kingdom of

And God hath set some in the church, definition of the kingdom of God: God."So within the heart of everyone,

first apostles, secondarily prophets,... after every honest seeker after truth, if he has

that... helps, governments,... etc. (I Cor. Some say that the kingdom of God was the desire to know, and studies with

12:28.) not set up upon the earth until the day of real intent and faith in the Lord Jesus

Pentecost, that and did not preach John of be Christ, the kingdom God may offices all of in these But Church we of the baptism for repentance the remission the or in words, other power him, within in revelationsare the again told I of sins, to in but say of the you the name it is his. receive to the that of Lord set kingdom was God up

.. earth is the never there one on but that I witness bear the in of the humble earth days you to the upon my Adam the this andat a. time power on whom time. present there of is has been Whenever this the kingdom and God Church

. this conferred. of are priesthoodkeys righteous earth,.. a the unto on man whom is Dispensation earth. the This in the (D. 132:7.) C. & revealed His gave and word power and God for the of Except the Times. of Fulness

to authority administer in His name, and in living the Dispensaare today of the a continuation it is but that We is there to a priest of adfact... God of of thetion Times, Fulness the gospel, same fundamental same of in the and we whereminister gospel, the ordinances and

were given a statement, inspired by the officiate in the priesthood of God, there is principles, the same authority which

Lord, to the Prophet Joseph Smith in the kingdom of God.... Where there is has existed from the beginning of time,

these words, which make some explana- a prophet, a priest, or a righteous man we would have to say with Napoleon I, oracles, gives there unto of the Histion the Dispensation God of what whom that this Except can prove you to me is of the the where kingdom and God; contemplated.Fulness of Times He

I beginning, religion from the has been of are not, oracles the there kingdom Godsaid, believe. will not is of not. the {Teachings Prophet of God

... for it is necessary in the ushering in Joseph Smith, pp. 271272.)

of the dispensation of the fulness of times, God help us to take this message out which dispensation is now beginning to This is but another way of saying to the world and convince them of the in, that complete and and whole ausher the gospel of power the and power in the picture Huntsville declared of what together weldingperfect union, and the is receive to within them as related which McKay, by President "Where keys, powers, dispensations, and and and

I is it yet day, of while is of the kingdom there God is not kingdom God the glories revealed from should be...

of the in Lord the name nothing."pray humbly to time. the present evendays of Adam,

And not only this, but those things which Just as the Master said in his day, Jesus Christ. Amen.

938 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA into this, the Salt Lake Valley, he knew

retheir rightful assume not would Not for the Idler that there were some among them who sponsibility, that it would he knew and take the combined efforts of all if they by Thorpe B. Isaacson were to survive and be at all successOF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC ful. He impressed upon them the need

to work in order to eat. The Lord has

of "In the 3:19: in sweat told Genesis us

indifference, banish can President Unless we McKay, Richards, 'President... I eat bread, shalt face thou thy

injustice, renounce indolence, President Clark, and conquer beloved my it responsibility is individual our believe intolerexpel intemperance, sisters: I feel brethren very and overcome hum- I including hard, work to work and am ingratitude our from abolish this inble afternoon ance, standing before and in service the Church. and representanot be good I this in souls, occupying position. andyou may we evil. is Pergreat another Injustice

for has of Church, thesincerely that tive will pray members a have you Saints Latterday be as must we haps the said: Lord "Except Psalmistsilent in for prayer heart the your not me, and justice welfare the with and concerned in vain labourI they house, the that pray build will susthe Lord humbly the all because people, membership of

127:1.) it."is (Psalm build atain beautiful, very that There me. is of people of this up made Church indifconsider for a moment here; this there ussweet Let mornwas all grandparents nations, and your from great bring can Indifferenceing. spirit recognize ference. as that the Wespirit countries, in united foreign from mine

it be souls, whether our into Spirit of tragedy our Father insweet heaven. of salvabringing that cause, a common or land of the laws to the of indifference of the Jesus As Church members of souls to men. the tion

or inof laws to the God Saints, of Latterday indifferenceChrist have we life of different must walks our In we privileges rights and the great responsibility; to indidifference havea an we personal our to put careful not own Be the break other. responsibility. we ofvidual in each When Membership group. of welfare the interests the above

.is penalty. a there is land, idler, for of the notthe the nor laws Church life unjust. public In we be This would there of God, laws the breakfor seek easy one would we an way who When effect consider the people seen have who

penalty; and when we a it is likewise salvation.to not should However, it first affect will act, of myevery how

other, someto each indifference for difficult us to the too keepbe comshow it affect other peothe will self, and how mandments of the Lord if we have a body suffers. ple later?

desire in our hearts to do so and if we Consider desecration of the Sabbath Selfishness is one of the greatest causes are willing to make the effort. True, day. Surely our Father in heaven must of injustice. Few there are of us who

important when this felt that was habits of righteous good must form havewe in fault see can ourselves—meanness concernthe just us commandment areliving, habits gave as easy good and he disposition. of Few pettiness spirit, of

us to said for day, he to easier Sabbath in fact are the form ing than badand a befriending to man will admit of us if and 20:8, we It Exodus in difficulthabits. too should beginning not be because rather is right, than he because break this of we when think truthful onlyfor to us honest be and could and often have importance. his of How be I would think day, we obligations to ourprayerful Sabbath meet the and "I their children, tell parents heard we

it: about carefulhonestly. more our associate with wouldn't you wish

to right the choose Yes, we have are not they because children it neighbor's to keep day, sabbath the Remember go. to Therebywhich way we want are status."These social of our own

of charholy. strength our develop ownwe do all labour, and prevalent thou they are Six days shah injustices, but gross

if the acter. only do However, we work: thy renounce today. must us among We

of is of us, gain not sabbath the requiredthings we seventh day may the But spiritually. if grow the injustice would we

it any not shalt do thou in right only thy God: full development. do Lord To intempertry to overcome should We daughter, thy nor son, thy nor thou, work, so, rather to forced are dobecause we devasit selfdefeating, is because ance nor maidservant, thy nor manservant, thy so, desire to a do have becausethan we to paralyzing character, and to tating is within that stranger thy cattle, nor thy developto proper contributedoes not seen progress. have men one's own We gates: thy for speakLord, the character; ofment heaven of communities our the Lord places made six days in in prominent For

ing to us in the Doctrine and Coveand earth, the sea, and all that in them is, bring sorrow and disgrace upon themnants, Section 58, Verses 26 to 29, says: and rested the seventh day: wherefore the selves and their families because they

blessed Lord appetite. the sabbath day, and hallowed failed to curb an

I should it that is not meet For behold, 20:8-11.) it. (Ex. ago months A few it was my privilege is that things; comfor he in allcommand

train, ride across the a country to on is slothful all the a things, same pelled in is people, Sunday now so many To

I there highranking a rearmy met and wherefore he servant; wise a not and a "holy not holiday, a of as spoken

for visited hours. officer, reward. ceiveth and no many we before this consider we us Let day."anxiously I should be say, Verily men told other the things that he me Among day. Sabbath the break cause, and in do many good a engaged disorders in in the increase nervous of being are ways there many Now will, bring free of their and things own largely alcohol brought about army, by tell exactly a not truthful. may righteousness; pass We to much things, disturbing very other was and voices raise our fail to if they lie, is in wherein them, but the power For we

it indicated that alarming. and He inasmuch themselves. could, are agents unto right And situation we when set a to

as men do good they shall in nowise lose aren't we as guilty as the one who fails was the most selfdefeating factor that to with, contend the and had army their reward. is Indifference truth? all tell the until to anything doeth not of onethird that that the told he But then he me to the road start on one to one way

is receiveth a comand he commanded, of this hospitals of country the beds sorrow. heart, keepeth and with doubtful mandment patients occupied nervous with by were is chardestroying another Indolence is damned. the slothfulness, it same with disorders, largely the brought about by factors greatest of the acteristic. One

other of drugs, that alcohol use and and is our and work character first building greatest rein and our Probably to the alarming very be counit would I work. remember that attitude toward is ourselves to see that sponsibility we

status. true the knew if we to try say day one Clark President well. hearing righteously live and a man When

fails in life, the cause is sometimes some of us, "I am grateful for the blessIntolerance is another selfdestroying within himself. We are often deings of work."Personally I consider it evil. If it isn't banished out of our

stroyed from within as well as from a challenge. I consider it a cure for character, it may reflect on the Church

forces without. Wrongdoing destroys heartache and discouragement. If we as well as on ourselves, because brotherour morale and makes us an easy can accomplish something worth while hood like charity begins at home. If

victim to outward forces that would as we go about our day's work, we can we would be tolerant, we must obey also weaken us spiritually; and spirretire at night feeling that our day has the first and great commandment; we

ituality is as essential to a man's soul been well spent. must love the Lord our God with all

as vitamins are to his body. When Brigham Young led the Saints (Continued on following page}

DECEMBER 1953 939 some satisfaction in it, and I am grateThorpe B. Isaacson Continued ful for those experiences, but they are

not like this work. There isn't anything

like it in the world, and closeness heart,our a strength, preciated. and might, and mind We feel

every with and womanI wouldandpleadboy man association our with loveand our neighbor must warmth through then we as ourselves. you. and girl in the Church to have some

Brotherhood and the love of manPersonally I am unable to express activity, to be rendering some service

I been in have the Church. While for association resident gratitudekind with be must in our my hearts, my

I sure work, associated with this am I streets, great love in have and these fine men.on our our towns. Otherwise

we may not have it in our own hearts. respect and admiration for each one that I have been the greatest benefactor.

to uplifting It me. sweet and been has grateful particularly of largely others them. judge by ourselves. I amWe

I heart of want bottom the From myIf association for close Bishop ae with intolerant of others, we my we can his kindnesses for the to Lord thank L. Bishopexpect Carl. Wirthlin the ourselves. and treatment Joseph same

it is I to humble, be to what know me. I Yes, these love of inner strength Buehner. men. rethe weThe Church

I I to the go I believe, when and know together. itself together, pray talkveals to great extent in and a we our way

spirit prayers that proper the in Lord my all sorrow,of treating has others. one have we When

Spirit of I the the are answered. know I for grateful associasorrow. all greatest the probably sin of my am Now

I that is understandable. know Lordis of all of brethren the tion sin of ingratitude, with the favored but we, my

to us of the Spirit be Lord the may I to all get fill Authorities.of As General Father's our children, know should

if in ourselves keep prevalent ever we it I greatest class as the hearts for them, gratitude wouldour with the magniSpirit. the Lord his tune with May life to in with experience be of of them gospel the thetude the power and my

to help the give power us bless and us their spirit their of adpartakeblessings and that us. and to has brought he

give us he happy. be other each May are they counsel, vice because and resources are by which advanceThe we friendship, genuine true comfort and these of regard God. prophets real of youthe character that Do we fulfil bless that us we he may and may of Apostles the as brethrenpossess. would for you gratitude must show qualitiesWe here creation of upon our the measure SecCovenants, Doctrine old? In blessings. andour be judged can more We to our time comes that earth the when this: 4, tion remember 68, Verse love than we mayby what by own. we what we leave without mortality leave we may greatest as blessings are a people Our leaders] shall [our they whatsoever And for have that the sorry feeling way we

Ispiritual, material. not older The the Ghost Holy speak by upon moved when give each us other. Let treated each

I the that will convincedbecome, the of scripture, shall the more shall be be am praises those flowers and other those and shall of Lord, the the shall Lord, be are mindthere things of not very many here, while we now, words those kind the voice of shall the Lord, be the be word importance belong not do whichmuch to enjoy them. alive are of the unto of Lord, power the and God spiritual.to are the the things There

that are important, and then there are salvation. I would plead with my friends and

of the are associates members who as other things. shouldthe I think a- people we Now

all yourselves affiliate with to Church brethren these Nothing that in mind when can contribute so much to keep our own growth as being homeloving, give us advice and counsel. Talk about the activities of the Church. Then you

Godfearing, freedomearning, temperate love that abideth in the heart of men, I will know what great blessings are and men and women. know of no people in the world that you will know what happiness is, and

May we as individuals consider our has the example to follow as does this the Lord will bless you, and I would own responsibility in the Church and people in the President of the Church. plead with and encourage my friends

try to become better Latterday Saints. Talk about love and beauty. I am sure who are not members of the Church

Each of us could perhaps make one or we could do well to try and emulate that they will consider seriously baptwo adjustments in our own lives that that spirit and that love, and that is tism into the Church of Jesus Christ would make us better Latterday Saints. the same love that the Savior exempliof Latterday Saints.

I feel good in this work because it fied when he was here upon the earth. May God bless us that we may be

is the work of the Lord. I love the peoThis is a sweet work. It couldn't be true Latterday Saints, that we may be

ple; you have been wonderful to me anything else because it is the work of humble and prayerful, that we may

as I go to you from stake to stake. And our Father in heaven among the chilrender that sweet service which the

I am grateful for the opportunity of dren of men. I have had some experiLord expects of us, and receive the

partaking of your spirit and of hearing ences in school work as a teacher for blessings that he has in store for us, I your testimonies. Your kindnesses and seventeen years, as superintendent of humbly pray in the name of Jesus

courtesies to all the brethren are apschools, as an athletic coach, and I had Christ. Amen.

Don't Procrastinate Temple Marriage

by Eldred G. Smith

PATRIARCH TO THE CHURCH

sincerely seek an interest in your then go to the temple? Are not the a son and a daughter. None of the

active are any in the family Church quesjust I blessings These the same?"behalf. in prayers and my 1 faith

lie interests in a more Their more. are from those always all that to tions come who say I could feel that amen

has been said thus far in this conference. members of the Church and who worldly direction.

I am sure that I can say amen to all should know and understand the blessAnother man told me of his experithat shall be said. ings and purpose of temple marriage. ence. He was married in California.

There has been a question come to me When I asked, "Why not go to the They intended to go to the temple.

which is the thought that I would like temple at first?"I got the usual stock They made several trips to Salt Lake

to express here today. A question was answer, "Oh, I intend to go to the temCity. Never was it quite convenient

put to me recently, which I have heard ple but not now, later. I am young enough to go to the temple, even

many times, and I am sure many of and I have plenty of time."I recall though they did make many trips to

you have heard the same question. A a friend of mine who had somewhat Salt Lake City. Eventually his wife

young lady asked, "What difference does the same attitude. They wanted to lost interest in the Church and in

it make whether I go to the temple to wait a few years, and they have waited. Church activity. He lost interest in atbe married now, or whether I wait a They have waited twentyfour years tending his meetings; then soon his

few years after we are married, and now. They have two grown children, wife lost interest in him and eventually

940 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA left him, and as a result he lost his I'll give you some pennies and nickels, strate obedience, the Lord is bound to wife and children. He has since reBut don't ask me to pay a full tithe. bestow upon us his blessings. Let us

turned to Church activity, and he testi- I'll read what you want me to read, dear help each other; teach our neighbors.

fied to me that if he had made the effort Lord, We cannot effectively teach what we do to go to the temple, he knew he would If genealogy is not implied. not practise. Seek the Lord in prayer,

not have lost his wife and children. I I never did like to search books and he will strengthen your faith and

am sure there are many other such exFor the names of people who've died. give you courage to do. If you desire

relatedperiences and could be which

Those you know. whoof which so I'll giveLord,what you want me to give, dear thein prayer,blessingswithof thefaithfulLord andobedience,seek themhe

procrastinate surely do not fully underAnd I'm sure I'll not begrudge it, will open the way for you to do his stand what celestial marriage means to But I haven't the money to spare will and receive those blessings which them. They must act on faith. A full To pay on welfare or budget. are for your good.

of to the be blessings Lord only the of comes I pray such thingsknowledge to go, dear you I'll go where want me in all the us, step as of those that obedience. each faithfulfrom To who Yes, upon Lord;

the will to us have gospel in the temple, the Lord has made comes wemarry I'll all serve might, with you my it obedience, andthis to with accept promise: power to ask the don't go temple But me to

of blessings receive the obedience by night. too each Because busy I'm much first resurthe forth in shall come... Ye blessreceive even Lord, the that we may first if resurafter therection; it be and eternal life. These all of exaltation ings those try to and is with The Lord who shall resurrection; in andrection, the next

inherit the thrones, kingdoms, principalido his will. The greatest blessings blessings I ask from the Lord in the

ties, and powers, dominions, all heights come from obedience. When we demonname of Jesus Christ. Amen.

and depths—..., it shall be done unto

them in all things whatsoever my servant hath put upon them, in time, and through all eternity; and shall be of full force when

they are out of the world; and they shall Testimonies—The Strength

pass by the angels, and the gods, which are set there, to their exaltation and glory in sealedall things, as upon their hath been shall be a fulness glory and of the Churchheads, which a continuation of the seeds forever and ever. by Alma Sonne

shall because they be gods, Then they ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE shall they end; therefore be fromhave no

everlasting to everlasting, because they continue; then shall they be above all, beBRETHREN AND SISTERS, I want tO "No, I don't believe it,"I replied, and

join in further are subject all thingscause with them. exwithout unto he left. comment President McKay

gods, because they they be have MYThen shall pressing Several appreciation for the passed before very weeks the man all power, and the angels are subject unto ine singing to which we have listened returned. This time his spirit and attithem. I different. today. that altogether often thought have were Upon we tude

verily, Verily, you, except unto I say office for read ye take entering singing the the granted he said, "I have and upmy to thisabide attain ye cannot law my to cover of choirs, from the to us our from come Book lift which Mormonglory. (D. C. 132:1921.) &

and yet we know that singing is an cover."

How can a person understand that essential part of worship and that we "Well, brother, what's the verdict?"

promise and take such a chance? So to can get nearer to God when we hear I asked.

procrastinate is the greatest gamble on these songs of Zion than we can in any To my surprise and amazement he earth. You gamble with death. Each other way. I wish all of you could replied, "It is true."

day spent is a day closer to death and have heard the two choirs who rendered "Do you mean to say you believe the day of judgment. A man is judged the music in the Oahu (Hawaii) Stake the Book of Mormon is true?"

by the knowledge given him. Where of Zion a week ago last Sunday—one "Indeed, I do,"he replied, "and I

much is given, much is expected. To in the morning and one in the evening believe Joseph Smith was a prophet of

those who have been given the knowlservice. Everyone present was thrilled God, and I believe you Mormons,"as

edge and the opportunity of temple as the choirs sang their selections. I he called us, "have the restored gospel

marriage and then procrastinate, they have heard choirs sing in all parts of of Jesus Christ."

are gambling the eternal blessings of the world, and I am here to testify Of course, I was very happy. But I

godhood for a few earthly pleasures. that our choirs and other musical groups asked him another question: "Do you

There just isn't any sympathy for a are improving every year, and I sincerely still believe that the genius of Mormonman who knows he has had his chance hope that this improvement will conism is its superb organization?"

and has deliberately forfeited it. The tinue throughout the Church in the He answered, "No, never. There is

Lord referred to such people in his various stakes, wards, and missions. For something back of that organization or

parable of the ten virgins; the five who one, I thank the leaders for their devoit would not function."He further

were wise and kept oil in their lamps, tion and for the effort they put forth said, "The thing that is back of it is and the five foolish who procrastinated to instruct our singers. the individual testimony of all the Moruntil it was too late, and they were I want to say a word about the testimons."

therefore shut out of the kingdom. The mony which comes to each one of us I am sure he analyzed the situation

author of the following poem is anonywho is active in the Church. A testicorrectly, for he proceeded to tell me,

mous, but surely it was written about mony is a precious gift from God. I "If it had not been for the wellfounded

many of us: have often said that the testimony we faith of the Pioneers, they would never

I'll go where you want me to go, dear possess, you and I, is in reality the have made the trek across the prairies

Lord; strength of the Church. to the Rocky Mountains."He further

Real service is what I desire. Not very long ago, a man who was insaid, "If it were not for these convictions,

I'll say what you want me to say, vestigating the Church and its doctrines your missionary system would collapse,

But don't ask me to join the choir. came to me with this statement, "I have and soon you would have no mission-

I'll say what you want me to say, dear discovered the genius of Mormonism."aries to send into the world. Your fiscal

Lord, I was interested, of course, and said system would crumble similarly, for

I like to see things come to pass; to him, "What is it, pray?"people don't pay tithing unless they

But don't ask me to teach anywhere; He answered, "It is your machinery have a testimony."

I would much rather stay in my class. for doing religious work."Seeing I was So I believe it is our paramount duty

I'll give what you want me to give, dear not particularly impressed, he turned to today and always to safeguard our testiLord; me and said, "You don't believe it, do monies and to live so that we will never

I yearn for the kingdom to thrive. you?"{Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1953 941 him to the Passover. As they sat in an

Alma Sonne Continued upper chamber, Jesus broke bread and blessed it, and gave of it to his Apostles, sisters, the very keylose have big ren you like a and them. seem That may telling that this they should do them

it of sourceorder, stone, the will. explanation and is God's but I am sure of often in his body which remembrance

May he help us to appreciate our rethe testimonies which are the strength was soon to be wounded on the cross sponsibilities in this respect and may of the Church. for them, and for you and for me. Then

he help us to safeguard our Godgiven "... I know whom I have believed,"he took wine, blessed it, and gave of it

testimonies.

I recall that Jesus, when he talked after(II Tim.a long1:12)life ofsaidtrialPaul,and thepersecution.Apostle, toin remembrancethem, telling ofthemhis bloodto do whichthis oftenwas

to Nicodemus, bore his testimony when Paul knew, for he had lived in accordto be spilled for them.

he said, ance with the gospel of Jesus Christ. Jesus then went into the Garden of

Verily, verily, I say unto thee, We speak And finally, said Joseph Smith and SidGethsemane. There he suffered most.

that we do know, and testify that we have ney Rigdon, He suffered greatly on the cross, of seen; receive witness. ye our and not course, died other but by had men

If I lives! told things, earthly have you he and... fact, crucifixion; in a on hung man

if right I shall believe, the believe hand not,ye ye him, even on For saw how we of either side as died he on the himtell voice bearing 3:1112.) things? the of of heavenly you and (John God; we heard

record that he is the Only Begotten of the cross. But no man, nor set of men,

The testimony which Peter gave to Father. (D. & C. 76:2223.) nor all men put together, ever suffered

the Savior will live as long as men and what the Redeemer suffered in the women believe in God. "Thou art the There is no argument against testiGarden. He went there to pray and

Christ, the Son of the living God,"and monies like these, my brethren and suffer. One of the New Testament

the Savior's answer will similarly live, sisters. May we be blessed abundantly writers says that it "... was as it were

"Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona: for in our endeavors to serve the Lord and great drops of blood falling down to

flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto preserve in our lives the truths of the the ground."(Luke 22:44.)

thee, but my Father which is in heaven."restored gospel, I pray in the name of In this dispensation the Lord, calling

(See Matt. 16:1617.) There, my brethJesus Christ. Amen. upon the people to repent, tells them

that unless they repent they must suffer even as he suffered. He describes

that suffering in these words:

Which suffering caused myself, even God, The Atonement the greatest of all, to tremble because of pain, and to bleed at every pore, and to suffer both body and spirit—and would that

I might not drink the bitter cup, and shrink of the Savior Nevertheless, glory be to the Father, and by Marion G. Romney Ithepartookchildrenand offinishedmen. my(D. preparations& C. 19:1819.)unto

OF THE COUNCIL OP THE TWELVE Now, my brethren and sisters, I can- "y beloved brethren and sisters and earthly father, the faith to do what the not here discuss with you in detail what friends: I have in my pocket a Lord tells him to do without first havthe atonement of the Savior means to

without us. But it, no man or woman as to explanation an to have talk, one been ing I have wonderful why

ever be resurrected. Adam's would From it. I find it necesBut to continue withM'three he should do months preparing.

sary, however, to deprive you of the our theme: time to the time of Jesus, men died

hills vales of millions them. and The it at thisgreat of hearing time pleasure of after angel days an many And full of their remains. a not But it given. already has beenbecause saying: unto appeared Lord Adam, Whythe were of of single ever the out one them came it, ofPresident gave half sacrifices offer the McKay Lord? and dost thou unto

Bishop Wirthlin and Brother Lee used And Adam said unto him: I know not, grave as a resurrected person until that

most of my scriptures. I am very happy, save the Lord commanded me. glorious morning when Jesus was resurhowever, to be in harmony with them. And then the angel spake, saying: This rected. Without his victory over death,

is sacrifice of the of the a similitude thing they never out of have would come to the with Lord I pray be now me is the of Father, Begotten which It their graves, end. worlds without another I address to myselfwhile subOnlyfull 5:6-7.) truth. of grace (Moses and of to Christ Jesus took the atonement through goingject, that has been one

my mind this afternoon. I need your The angel told Adam other things reunite the bodies and spirits of men

prayers and want you to think these some of them Brother Lee talked about. in the resurrection. And so all the

few remarks through with me. He told him that in the Meridian of world, believers and nonbelievers, are

The subject to which I refer is the Time the Redeemer would come into indebted to the Redeemer for their atonement of the Savior, and surely the world, and that until he should certain resurrection, because the resurthere could be no more appropriate come God's people were to offer blood rection will be as wide as was the fall, theme upon which this meeting could sacrifices frequently. This they were which brought death to every man.

close. The atonement of the Master to do to point their minds forward to There is another phase of the atoneis the central point of world history. the day when the Redeemer would come ment which makes me love the Savior

Without it, the whole purpose for the and be sacrificed for the sins of the even more, and fills my soul with graticreation of earth and our living upon whole world. Then the angel taught tude beyond expression. It is that in

it would fail. Adam the gospel and told him to repent addition to atoning for Adam's transFrom the scriptures, we lear<n that and be baptized, as quoted here this gression, thereby bringing about the

from the very beginning of the world, afternoon by Brother Lee. resurrection, the Savior by his suffering

there has been among the Lord's people From the days of Adam to the days paid the debt for my personal sins.

those who have understood the gospel, a of Jesus Christ, every people who underHe paid the debt for your personal ceremony pointing to the atonement of stood the gospel offered blood sacrifices, sins and for the personal sins of every the Redeemer. When Adam and Eve using animals or birds without blemish. living soul that ever dwelt upon the

were driven from the Garden of Eden, This they did in contemplation of the earth or that ever will dwell in morthe Lord told them to build an altar great event which was to take place in tality upon the earth. But this he did

and offer sacrifice. This they did, and the Meridian of Time. conditionally. The benefits of this sufthey did it without knowing the reason When Jesus was about to go through fering for our individual transgressions

therefor. I wish every one of Adam's that terrible suffering incident to the will not come to us unconditionally in

posterity had the faith of their first atonement, he took his disciples with the same sense that the resurrection will 942 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA come regardless of what we do. If we Third Session, Saturday Morning, October 3, 1953

partake of the blessings of the atonement as far as our individual transgressions are concerned, we must obey the law.

And it is perfectly just that we are required to through because obey it freethe fall of agency Music as an Aid man's Adam, was preserved. We had nothing to do

with death's coming into the world;

death came as a consequence of Adam's in Missionary fall. But we have everything to do

with our own acts. When we commit

sin, we are estranged from God andrendered unfit to enter into his presence. WorkNo unclean thing can enter into his

presence. We cannot of ourselves, nomatter how we may try, rid ourselves by Thomas E. McKay

of the stain which is upon us as a reASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE sult of our own transgressions. That

stain the be must washed by away pole that eye determined kept Presiand on Counselors, McKay, my President of set the has heblood Redeemer, and it. it, I is hit hit but the to not That dent of Smith, other the members that stain the whichup be by way may I I reminiscing, with Authorities, General brethren way am and guess—but is of the gospelremoved. That way

is sisters: fine partly this choir hearing German Christ. requires gospelJesus us The

it. I of cause for this the very thankful opporam believe histo in the accept Redeemer,

I first recall the ago, Fiftythree years tunity of this I being here morning.

sins, ofatonement, repent our bapbe

I that conference attended far, enjoyed services missionwide the have thus and fortized of remission by the immersion

It Berlin. after in there. especially arriving of the Presiaddress was opening

sins, gift receive of theour the Holy presiFrancis I President dent yesterday was M. morning. Lyman pray McKay of laying the hands,Ghost by and on Mission. of the spirit that the had dent European that same humbly He has faithfully or observe,continue to the do

all to invited good those prompted accompany him have spoken who my principles tobest observe, the can we

I of will Morris, feel also. friend, one help George me, very Q. humble, my lives. all ofof gospel the our the days

is I of the full classmates, heart of and more and knew thanksgiving my in ordinance the have an Church We at this there, students, for singers the this that were time of opportunity is I It sacraexplained. thewhich have

It I again missionaries. bearing the did was testimony to a than that you my us hasment. Lord commanded The

is thrill true, is that gospel the them. to meet Jesus the Christ regularly. theto of partake sacrament

is inof this has always been and head Church. Church Our are dihis of by him ChurchMembers

I feel studying grateful people in the terested this young ever more than to to therected the Sabbath go day on

I at for conferthat morning mother, was that music, happy she and my was of there partake meeting,sacrament and of students instrumental our in insisting to see so father's ence on many my are to sacrament.the do what we And

state call his accepting of there. to into has go the been mission Utah The of sacrament? the partakewhen we We field at too. that the time proud, time had called At more he was we and all things of these to aboveare think

studying not permit to people music abroad would postpone that young him I If more. canmentioned, and many call for state of a in year other the because Union, delicate her any than

I of will prayers, the oneremember condition. course, that population. great a to decision was according Of That

is it. to go This what withconclude we

I, in history of Berlin the the before and David World was McKay War is for; this meetingthe what sacrament

it I family, culof centers appreciate this the and were more Vienna and there. are to ought do when wewe ever. said, as far concerned. than so morning ture music "David, She was

it: aboutThink

I mission. to that go you pay on want Lord The Those students—and

O God, the Eternal Father, we ask thee wants you now, not a year from now. tribute to them—it has been my expein the name of thy Son, Jesus Christ, to He can take care of me when you are rience that they have always been

souls to the sanctify this breadbless and if in as as their well Scotland positions at willing, you were no matter what it,.of they that partake all thoseof who It just after bedside."ten Kaiser's days in of the was sang Opera one them

of of my the eat in body remembrancemay left field for the mission he beautithat a willing always they were House, but...thy Son,

little spirit, ful of choicest, one the in to take branches part the pleased and

What we ought to do when we partake came to our home. She was over two and help the missionaries.

of the sacrament is think of the Reyears old before my father saw her. I was amused after that trip, to re-

I say I am grateful that that decision ceive a book from Brother Morris, hisdeemer—of his wounded body as we

partake of the bread, and of his spilt was made to go on a mission at that Baedeker's Rhine. He wanted to preblood when we partake of the water. time. I love the missionary work, and pare before he came into Germany, and

grateful to beautiful the hear this as a Baedeker's am so Rhine bought he of Saints. voices our It is a guidebook, German he enough and

I choir, congratulateEternal... andFather,witness... unto thee, O God, the wonderfulI and after in was he arrived wasLondon—hekind

A witness is a testimony. We ought, them. I am proud of them. I thought President of the London Conference

silently, to testify to our Father perhaps I had heard some of the voices to send this book to me. On the flyleaf

over in Germany and Switzerland, but was written, pardon me (Brother Morris... that they are willing to take upon they all sounded so young and fresh and Sister Morris) was written in quothem the name of thy Son, and always that I think perhaps they were born tation marks, "Goodbye, Sweet Day."

keep his commandments and himremember I since is left. Anyhow, Morris'favorite one of Sister it is a fine choir, That

... given has them;which he congratulate them. later and I songs. Lund, I remember Anthony

And to what end? (nowI recallyou thatknowjustwhyfiftythreeI think yearsthey agoare toChoir,be toldconductorme onceofthatthenobodyTabernaclecould

... that they may always have his Spirit too young)—I am going to reminisce. sing that song just as Sister Emma

to be with them. (D. & C. 20:77.) I had decided I would not, because it Ramsey could sing it, and it was "Goodis a sign of old age, but I suppose I am bye, Single Bliss,"also, Brother Morris,

God help us to renew our covenants as I was the first time I rode a bicycle. as far as you were concerned. She had

every week in this manner, and rememMother told me not to go on the highrendered it at that conference. It was

ber the redemption wrought for us by way. I just reached the highway and a wonderful conference.

our great Redeemer, I pray in the name had to turn around, and there was a After that session we went down to of Jesus Christ. Amen. telephone pole and a heavy brace. I (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1953 943

Thomas E. McKay Continued missionquarters within Berlin,headquartersthe Westin GermanFrankfurt, and the SwissAustrian mission

Frankfurt on the Main, and I had headwork. God bless their memory. I think with headquarters in Basel, Switzerland.

quarters in that mission for thirty it was that trip down the Rhine where President Reese had been released on months. I was worried, of course, about we got so well acquainted with Brother account of illness, and I was then apthe conference. I had the responsiLyman, listening to some of his stories pointed the president of the East Gerbility. We had the largest hall in about early Church history. Perhaps man mission with instructions to conFrankfurt at one of the big hotels. We this visit and better acquaintance with tinue as president of the SwissAustrian

had freedom there. Frankfurt is what President Francis M. Lyman had a until my successor was appointed. I

we call a freistadt, and always has been, bearing on my call on my second miswas in Berlin when war was declared.

a free city; it did not belong to any sion, six years after I returned from my President Joseph Fielding Smith and

kingdom but did belong to the German first, at least, President Lyman led me his wife were there touring the mission;

Empire. to believe so. I had been called to they had just about finished. They

We had to register our meetings, another very important position; I acwere hurrying to catch their ship, and

however, and we became acquainted cepted and told the presidency of the a cablegram came from the First Presiwith the policemen who used to attend, Weber Stake I would rather go to South dency when war was declared, to cancel and we would always speak to them on Africa or any other place on a mission their passages and remain there and the streets as we met them, and they than accept, but I accepted it, as bishop help get the missionaries home. So they

wereence—itour wasfriends.new, Butwe hadat thisto registerconferoftheonepartyof thethatwards.night I andwenthadhomea fromgood hadin theto getWestout Germanof Germany.MissionTheyat weretheit, of course—none of our friends came cry. time. They left for Copenhagen where

to represent the authorities, but a young I did not hear any more of that call, I had sent all of the missionaries from officer (in a new suit, his sword however, to the bishopric. The breththe East German Mission. Brother

shined) came in. Our reception comren, contrary to instructions, had spoken Wood went up there with more than

mittee met him and offered to show to me before they had sent my name half of his missionaries, the others him to a seat on the stand, but that in to the General Authorities for their leaving via Holland, but Brother Mark would not do. He took a seat in the approval, so the next thing I knew I Garff was presiding there in Copenchoir, the soprano section. He made was called to preside over the Swisshagen in the Danish Mission and

himself conspicuous. He had me worGerman Mission. When I met Presiwith the added responsibilities was

ried. I thought, maybe we will have dent Lyman on the street, he smiled equal to the task as usual. He took care

some trouble here, but after the first and said, "Brother Thomas, it is a good of all of them, and with the assistance song by the congregation, and the prayer, thing sometimes to have a friend at of President Smith, did wonderful work;

Sister Emma Lucy Gates Bowen, sang court."And I took it from that that he all of the missionaries were returned

"I Know that My Redeemer Lives,"had had something to do with the home.

and oh, how she did sing it. Right change from being bishop to presiding Since I was in Switzerland, I was

afterchoir—thethat themissionarieschoir, and wewerehad a theregood overThatthatis mission.why, six years after that first thepermittedothers.to OurremainConsula littleGenerallonger Boerthan

helping, as usual—sang that favorite mission, I was back there again, this man in Basel—oh, I will never forgetMormon hymn, "Oh, My Father."They time to preside over the SwissGerman him—made it possible through the ofstood up to sing it. When they sat Mission, which comprised France, fices of the Consul General to telephone

down, I looked for our German officer, Switzerland, Germany, Austria, Hunto any of the headquarters that I wanted but he had disappeared. He was so gary, and part of Romania. It was a to—Brother Brown over in London,

ashamed of the way he had acted there, great experience, brothers and sisters, Brother Joseph Evans in Paris, and and then to hear that beautiful singing, and I am so grateful this morning for Brother Murdock in Holland, the and see that wonderful choir and hear that missionary experience. Netherlands "Mission, and then up to

them, he decided that this was not Yes, we had our choirs there to help Copenhagen where the other mission any place for him. us. I tell you, music is one of the presidents were. And this fine man

The next day we took a trip down greatest helps that the missionaries he is still alive, and you fisherman the Rhine, Brother Lyman and Brother have in spreading the gospel. We had friends that I love so much, he is a great

Morris returning to England. Some of choirs in Konigsberg, way up in East fisherman, and that brought us closer

the presidents of the other conferences Prussia, Hamburg, Berlin, Frankfurt on together—would do anything for us.

were accompanying us, and we went on the Main, Chemnitz, a large choir, Then, of course, we had to leave the and finished the tour of the Frankfurt Zurich down in Switzerland, and Basel, mission. We called local people to take

Conference. Brother William Seegand these choirs composed largely, no, charge, and they had charge all during

miller was one of those presidents not largely, but quite a percentage of the war. And I want to pay tribute to

he was president of the Berlin Conthem were friends, investigators. They those men, three of them lost their lives

ference at the time; Brother Heppler were not investigators long after they in the war. Brother Herbert Kloepher,

was another. You may think I am began singing our hymns and partaking whom I put in charge, with two very

bragging now, but in that mission under of the spirit of these beautiful singers; wonderful men, elderly men, to help

Hugh J. Cannon, one of the greatest they became members also. Music has him, lost his life. The Brother Biel

missionaries the Church has produced, been a great help in spreading the gosthat Brother Wood left in charge, lost there were President Mabey, President pel. his life. But I remember getting a letter

Neslen, and President Seegmiller, and I want to mention and pay tribute to from him in which he said, "Brother as I have stated, Brother Heppler. Soon Professor Thomas Giles, Tom Giles, as McKay, I am called into service and

after we returned home, the German I always called him. He was there in have to leave in the morning. I have

Mission, as President Cannon said, had Vienna studying. He was there when not time to get your approval, but I

taken over the state: Brother Mabey was we baptized the first two members, a have chosen Brother Heck, and he says

governor (this was all at the same time) father and his daughter, and he rethat his parents claim that you blessed

Brother Neslen was mayor of Salt Lake mained there, after six years, and took him as a baby, so perhaps he will be

City; Brother Seegmiller, speaker of the over the singing and often the preachall right."And he lost his life. Those

house; Brother Heppler, floor leader in ing. He was a great help, as were all three presidents gave their lives, and

the house; and I was president of the the singers. God bless them. they were as fine spirits as ever came.

senate. We were all German missionIn 1937 we were called to preside God bless their memories.

aries there together. over the SwissGerman Mission with inThen the local brethren carried on

. But I want to refer to the soloists that structions to make three missions out of all during the war. But they were not

were there, the students that were studythe two, that is the GermanAustrian alone; not entirely left alone. Again,

ing in music, and pay tribute to them for and SwissGerman. Out of this grew music comes into it, our choirs. This

the help they gave us in our missionary the East German mission with headwonderful Tabernacle Choir, singing as 944 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA it has been doing for lo, these many the parents singing together, husband as by the beautiful music of that mother years, the second longest, I think, in and wife. President Smith will pardon accompanying her three daughters. So

radio, continued singing; and their choir me for this, I am sure; he gave some I recommend music in the home.

numbers were being transcribed by anfine sermons there in visiting our God bless our missionary system. This

other fine young man in Stuttgart. He European Mission, but they will not is a great missionary Church. And God

had charge of the radio system there, be remembered like the duet that he bless the music in this system. I am

Brother Fred Taylor, Jr. And those and his sweetheart sang; he would sit glad that Brother Asper is playing here.

Tabernacle Choir songs were transcribed down on the bench, and she would play He is one of my German missionaries, and went into quite a large part of the accompaniment, and they would by the way. And speaking of—I should

Germany. Our members were thrilled sing a song. The members will rememstop, I know; my wife is worrying; so

by them. ber that. There are members here in are some others, I should not speak so

Scores of letters from appreciative the choir who will remember that long—but I recall receiving a letter on

friends in Europe were received by the duet. my second mission from Brother Hansen

choir. Sister Mary Jack, secretary of the I recommend that as an example to who was presiding over the Nuremberg

choir sent them over to my office. I you fathers and mothers, you husbands District. He asked whether the mission

had the honor of being acting mission and wives. Sit down at the piano and could help buy an organ for the branch,

president for the European Mission, and play together. Sometimes the husband that they had a wonderful little organist

we would read them and send them to has to play with one finger, but it is there, and I was delighted to help them.

these fine mission presidents over there. all right; I want to tell you it does the That little organist is our wonderful,

the in world organists greatest the family. to that one of work choirs bless our our Well, and God Schreiner. I Alexander Brother visiting a stake today, then remember And

it great to thismusic, great is a help homes, our us music in a to have help her three where young mother brought God missionary work. children and handed the baby to somein our branches, in our stakes, and

I remember, too, I want to recombody to take care of while she acmusic everywhere. In the words of Tiny

mend not only choirs throughout the companied her family. I do not beTim, "God bless us everyone."I ask

Church, but also singing in the home, lieve the conference was ever so touched this in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Blessings of Church Membership

by Antoine R. Ivins

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

beloved brethren and sisters: It I am glad that I belong to a Church of man is circumscribed by that doctrine

first I applies. been told those since things, to to learn the ing have never learn these the either I made trip up

I exercise it easier study. truth,Mysteps, is twentytwo years this month which gives me the opportunity of strivand teaching, but I do not believe that encourages today to reach should than and it is no which my what I me

was then. out and search constantly for the truth, freedom in the things that I teach,

I stand before you as your servant, and having learned it, to attempt to trying always, of course, to make them depending entirely upon your faith and apply it. I am glad that you and I are conform to the teachings of the Church.

prayers and the Spirit of our heavenly not circumscribed in our privileges of But I feel that in it I am not particuFather to direct the testimony that I study and research, for it has been the larly circumscribed in my liberties and shall bear to you today. I have a ferpurpose of the Church, from its incepin my privileges, and I glory in the fact

vent testimony and knowledge of the tion, to stimulate education among the that the Church throws open to me all truth of the gospel, for which I am truly people. of the books that have been written, if

thankful. I am thankful to be a memIn taking the tremendous advantages I care to delve into them. I have faith

ber of the Church of Jesus Christ of as I do of membership in the Church, that if I delve, seeking the Spirit of

Latterday Saints, the organization I feel an equal responsibility towards God in my teaching, I will never find which has the responsibility of impleit; if I am to benefit by it, I should help anything that will upset and disturb

menting in the lives of its members, it meet its tremendous burdens. They my faith in God and the restoration of

the gospel of Jesus Christ, and the carare of varying and different types, of the gospel.

rying of a warning to the world that course, but if I am to take the benefit The blessings of membership in the the gospel and priesthood have been of any organization, I feel dutybound to Church, brothers and sisters, are trerestored. carry my portion of its burdens, if I mendous. Loyalty to it should prompt

The advantages of membership in the can. I feel that loyalty to the Church you and me to abide by its teachings.

Church are tremendous. You know demands just that thing, and recently When I have occasion to set up a

them as well as I. Time would hardly in talking to a conference, I suggested presidency of a seventies quorum, I

permit that we should enumerate them, that, that if we could implant in the teach the members this: You are to

but they are tremendous, and I am hearts of our children that type of think independently, you are to disvery grateful to be the recipient of those loyalty, they would have no difficulty cuss freely, and give expression to your blessings. One of the greatest of them in subscribing to the program of the thoughts regarding the problems that

is the opportunity for service. In the Church of which we are all members. arise in your meetings, but if you haptwenty-two years that I have occupied I was glad when President Clark pen to be on the losing end of the

this position, my purpose has been to said this morning that there are times discussion, and the majority rules one learn my duty and gain the strength, when we must accept the requests of thing while you have felt and argued if I could, to do it well, that perhaps our heavenly Father even though we for another, then loyalty on your part my service might be helpful to someone may not understand their purpose and, demands that you not only withdraw else. even though at times it be blind obedifrom opposition, but that you say,

I realize that in it all, of course, I am ence that we render, that we should do. brethren, if that is your will, I will help

the chief beneficiary, because I develbp it, if we expect to take the benefits and you. I believe that is the spirit in

a love for the people whom I serve, blessings that come from membership which we ought to serve, brethren and and love of one's fellow, Christ said, in the Church. sisters, and if we could develop that

was the second great principle of the When I said that the other day, it loyalty in our own hearts and implant gospel. If I can continue to do that, was suggested that perhaps I was implyit in the hearts of our children, the

and serve you with that motive only, ing that the leadership of the Church bad stories that we read in the news-

I shall be very happy. is infallible, and that the free agency (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1953 945 loyalty, brethren and sisters, can we

Antoine R. Ivins Continued sustain the program of the Church to

that extent; until I can, I shall feel

papers would be fewer and fewer, as it, but adherence to the teachings in unworthy to partake of the high blessour teachings might be absorbed by their detail requires that one repent, ings that the Church offers me.

the people. be baptized into the Church of Jesus God bless you all in your ministry;

We have no reason, whatsoever, to Christ of Latterday Saints, be conservice to your fellows is your greatest be ashamed of the Church or of its firmed a member thereof, and if he be privilege; to serve you is my greatest

leadership. Let us support it. Let us a man, that he receive the responsibiliprivilege, and I would like to live as

teach seriously, for the message we ties of the Melchizedek Priesthood and long as I can do it well and then make have is absolutely essential to the highenjoy the benefits of such ordinances as way for somebody who can take it up, est exaltation of men in the kingdom the temple extends to each of us here because it must go on, until the conof God. Nobody would deny the fact in order that we may attain to the summation of the purposes of God.

that any man who strives to live the highest exaltation and eventually to the Again, may he bless you all, I pray in gospel of Jesus Christ shall benefit by powers of God. Can we develop that Jesus'name. Amen.

the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven: and come and follow me."Selling Our Souls (See Matt. 19:2021.) And the rich

young man went away sorrowing, beby Milton R. Hunter cause he had much goods. He was not

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY willing to exchange his earthly goods for his eternal soul; neither was he

willing to follow the Savior's admonibrethren and sisters: Today, this world which we would give for tion wherein he said:

like treasures for yourselves upon to reason directly Lay not also, recognize up with Yet the fact, that I do memearth, doth corrupt, and rust where mothMybers ofwith the help of the Lord, I would our souls. the Christ of Jesus of there in are Church mortality temptations many

steal: thieves through break and where and Saints,Latterday they because of have Latterhave, the which and some we

treasures in for yourselves lay But uptaken of themselves the result upon of these day Saints, as a temptaname doth rust neither heaven, nor where mothChrist entered tions, into a and fall have covenant into sin thereby exchange and break corrupt, thieves not do where and all his ofto keep their for this Acsouls commandments. of things the world; steal: through nor

cording to the word of the Lord, they for example, the desire to attain wealth, For where your treasure is, there will belong to "... the only true and living position, or power, accompanied by your heart be also. (Matt. 6:1921.)

church upon the face of the whole greed, selfishness, covetousness, and earth...."(D. & C. 1:30.) This other earthly contaminations, cause I do not believe that the Savior obChurch has within it the power of the some Latterday Saints to lose their jects to Latterday Saints becoming

priesthood with all the ordinances of souls. The Savior has warned against wealthy, if they use that wealth as they

the gospel and doctrines necessary to covetousness; he said: should. God wants his children to

bring its members back into the preshave the good things of the world, if of covetousness: heed, tithing, beware to and Take use that our wealth pay we of exaltation. giveence and them God

life for in consisteth not the a man's fast offerings, missionto send out and of Christ of the JesusMembers Church of things the posabundance he which aries, to to houses, build church andof heirs Latterday Saints are only not sesseth.

of help here build the up kingdom God celestial toto also exaltaglory the but say- a he parable spake them, unto And this in earth every but he way; upon life or glory; intion eternal that and ing, of rich a certain ground The man

that heirship shall be obtained if they brought forth plentifully: warned against the evil effects that

keep all the commandments given by And he thought within himself, saying, wealth might have on members of his

Jesus Christ to members of his kingdom. What shall I do, because I have no room Church. Those who use their wealth

fruits? to bestow for of building the my the kingdom of God apply very where theThus, of Paul words

said, will I will pull I do: he This And to are Savior's the following admonition Saints:aptly to Latterday the greater; barns, build and and down my

Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, neither there will I bestow all my fruits and my... seek ye first the kingdom of God,

have entered into the heart of man, the goods. and his righteousness; and all these things

things which God hath prepared for them And I will say to my soul, Soul, thou hast shall be added unto you. {Ibid., 6:33.)

laid take years; goods much up for many 2:9.)that (1 Cor. love him. of various dispensations Throughout eat, ease, drink, thine merry. be and

it gospel, the has placed Lord fool, this the said But him, unto God Thou all that this things the Certainly "reto wealth have upon those who of night shall thee: required thy soul be not could be comworld offer would

the latter days poor."In the be, shall member things those which then whose of receiving if attainedparable to the

hast thou provided? definite to gave he commandments memlife toeternal promises which memGod is for treasure that layeth So he up himbers of of in Christ the Jesus Church defor ofbers his has he kingdom; self, is rich not God. toward (Luke and this these respect; gave he and comis life the eternalclared "...... that 12:1521.) in Let strong terminology. mandments all (D.greatest of of the gifts God."& C Doctrine the from quote Coveand me it say, so shall could And, be with we14:7.)

On a certain occasion, the Savior the Saints in our day who love gold nants:

said: more than they love God. Wo unto you rich men, that will not

for poor, your the to give substance your all are familiar invery the with We if shall profited, is a he For what this man souls; riches will canker your and cident in recorded the Testament New

lose his world,gain the whole own of and shall the in be lamentation your day rich the to ruler wherein young came or shallsoul? give in exchange what visitation of indigof a man judgment, and and the asked Master and he do must whatfor his 16:26.) (Matt. soul?"is is past, nation: the harvest summer The

life. to eternal gain After the Savior is soul ended, (D. C. saved! not and & my

for listed those questions the In of answering the had commandments many 56:16.)

members of the Church, I would say, to him, the young ruler said, "All these there is nothing that this world offers things have I kept from my youth up."On another occasion, the Savior rewhich would be equal to the eternal And then the Savior, knowing of his vealed in modern days:

exaltation which God promises those weakness, said, "If thou wilt be perfect, Therefore, if any man shall take of the who love him; nor is there anything in go and sell that thou hast, and give to abundance which I have made, and im46 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

part not his portion, according to the law reaffirmed the commandment: "Thou Would there be some members of

of my gospel, unto the poor and the needy, shalt not commit adultery."(See D. & C. the Church foolish enough to refuse

shall, the wicked, withhe lift up his eyes 42:24; read in the Doctrine to the did temple to go because they 59:6.) We

(Ibid., inin hell, 104:18.) torment. being also: for to wear garments not the want and Covenants,

life If of short in mortality? space is of his the law meant what Now, by

I as said you, verily say unto I have And of are of there the kingdom members of gospel, his ingospel? law The lust before, to that a looketh he on woman say, certainly so unwise, would we God isthis fast offerings, respect, doubt, no if shall or after adultery her, any commit foolish choice a very a such be would contributions, welfarethe Church shall hearts, the their in they not have

probably tithing, and the other contriSpirit, but shall deny the faith and shall one, indeed. Or would there be some

butions that God has provided in his fear. among us who would refuse to pay

Church to take care of the needy and Wherefore, I, the Lord, have said that tithing and fast offerings to the Lord, the poor, and to build up his kingdom the fearful, and the unbelieving, and all who would disregard God's law of liars, loveth whosoever and and maketh of the breaking health Wisby Word earth. thishere Latterday upon No

lie, the the a whoremonger, and and defile their bodies would by dom, who his to refuses contributeSaint share who sorcerer, shall their part in that lake have chastity, of or the law observing not ofin carrying the forward the work fire burneth brimstone, with and which other and break God's commandments guiltless at will the judgfound beLord is death. the second which

off blessthe themselves from cut thereby, day. I say, thatment Verily they shall not have

Now, what shall the Latterday Saint part in the first resurrection. (Ibid., 63:16ings of the priesthood, from the blessgive in exchange for his soul? The 18.) ings of the temple, and ultimately from

Lord has given to us the Sabbath day exaltation? The truth remains that

law. In latter days he commanded: With such doctrine revealed by the there are such unwise people who hold

Lord directly to us, we know, as Lattermembership in the Church. At the

And that thou mayest more fully keep day Saints, that if we commit adultery coming of the Lord, if they fail to thyself unspotted from the world, thou and if we continue to satisfy the lusts repent, they shall be counted among shalt of prayer go to the house and offer flesh, speak, so to of the living "foolish virgins."(See Ibid., 63:54; that the by

sacraments thyup upon my holy life, of shall day. kind thrust 45:56.) be we down (Ibid., 59:9.)

to hell. Thus, we thereby sell our "For what is a man profited, if he shall

And yet on the Sabbath day there are souls for the gratification of the lust of gain the whole world, and lose his own many Latterday Saints who go to picthe flesh. Let me ask you, is sex imsoul? or what shall a man give in exture shows, who go to ball games, who morality worth such an exorbitant change for his soul?"(Matt. 16:26.

go car riding, who work on their lots, price? Italics added.)

and in these and numerous other ways The Lord has also given the great Certainly, as Latterday Saints, we contaminate themselves with the sins law of celestial marriage, which is would have no profit if we should gain of the world, and thereby exchange their the crowning gospel principle, giving the whole world and lose our souls.

souls for improper Sabbath day obthe promise that those who abide by There is nothing that this world can servance and its accompanying vices. that law and keep the other commandoffer that we would exchange for eternal

The Lord has given a great law for ments shall rise in the resurrection and life.

the physical and spiritual health of receive exaltation or eternal life which May God bless us as children of the his children, known as the Word of he declares is the greatest gift that he covenant—members of his Church andWisdom. Paul, the ancient Apostle, dehas in store for man. kingdom—that we will keep the comclared: Even after receiving such a glorious mandments, that we will walk in the

out Savior pointed has that our are there promise, Latterday pathway many that of ye the not ye are temple Know presence for the follow refuse us to to abide back to Saints the law by who Spirit the that of and dwellethGod, God

Father, that eternal refusing of to celestial to marriage, our of go we mayin you?

If any man defile the temple of God, the temple and enter into God's holy someday attain an eternal and blessed him shall God destroy; for the temple of covenant. And why do they refuse? exaltation, I humbly pray, in the name

God is holy, which temple ye are. (1 Cor. For various reasons. of Jesus Christ. Amen.

3:1617.)

Thus, as Paul proclaimed, our bodies are temples of God, given to us that we might keep them clean, pure, and uncontaminated in all respects, that some day we might come back with our bodies into the presence of our eternalMaker and have them purified and exTwo Great TRAILS alted. So the things that we do that

certainlywill bodies contaminate our souls. by Oscar A. Kirkham against the of our savingwork

Would any women who belong to the OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY true Church be foolish enough to drink tea and thereby contaminate their bodies? Would others among us drink that the Lord may be with me America, making a total of five and

coffee, use liquor or tobacco, and thereIprayand bless me and that you will in- a half million members in the world.

by exchange the gratifying of these cline your hearts toward me and lend Among the persons receiving this honor physical appetites for our eternal souls? that sympathetic understanding in this of the Silver Buffalo award are some

Foolish, indeed, would be such people, moment of real effort on my part. of America's most distinguished leaders

to say the least. There is a matter I wish to present in business, education, art, and religion.

The Lord also gave the great law of on behalf of our President, President "In the service of youth"reads the chastity in ancient times, saying, "Thou McKay, and brothers and sisters of the citation.

shalt not commit adultery."(Ex. 20:14.) Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday We in scouting in the Latterday Saint

Speaking of sex immorality, Alma said Saints. As a National Council member Church feel highly honored to have this

to his son: at large of the Boy Scouts of America, distinguished recognition come to Presi-

I am pleased to say that President dent David O. McKay. May the Lord

Know ye not, my son, that these things David O. McKay received last summer bless his kindly words, his noble exsight of in the abominationare an highest the the honor of be award which can strength the ample, power and and

all sins above abominable yea,Lord; most that to organization in that by its his placed the has message he of innocent it blood shedding the besave

Silver Buffalo. this in glorious of hearts movemen givenleaders—the 39:5.) (Alma Ghost? theor Holy denying

Scouting membership has reached over ment.

In modern revelation, the Lord has three million in the United States of (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1953 947 day. Each day, on your knees and

Oscar A. Kirkham Continued alone, say a prayer. And the second

gift I would love to give you, is each

There are two great trails for a boy: limousine at the station. "We have a day walk with good men. These are

from deacon to high priest; from Tenderfine hotel in the city,"he was told, my gifts, Charles. Each day, pray alone

foot to Eagle Scout. I humbly pray in "but I am taking the privilege of inon bended knee, and each day walk

heart that every viting tomy boy, you home. Will my my you with good men."boy—yourboy, neighbor's your kindly in come?"boys boy—all bless that today is one boy who Godthis land, I good "Yes, privithe pleased. have I will high be may am tired of leaders, great Christian America's

lege, through of hotels,"your replied. the encouragement gentleman and of of thirty a president million, bank

all and tomine good before night their a large devote auditorium That men largest of of the organizations head one energy to following these this arose before to great address and two man real in land, a Christian gentleman. our

trails that they bless glorify audience, the the and may been had who man is given. that touch the be This must lives.their said, "I entertaining the him mayor am

It Halt, boy. help a can now; you may goes, so city. civilization of this As youth will go. twelve remember you Do

face that be the tomorrow, he army may safeguard years seeing mustThus their a a straight ago future we boy plow it is a but only today needs boy whowith I. noble field? in example the part furrow of an on open That was

are precious a kindly word. These moworthy parents leadership, Please and say do not anything it to about with

life are great in ments. the days These Idevoted personal attention; this audience, shall everlastingly but be then our

civilization will continue to progress. grateful to you."of a boy.

Some time ago, a man on the highOh, may the Lord keep deep down in And may I say, finally, I am humbly way halted, impressed by the rolling our hearts the fine teaching of our grateful. I wish my words may be

hills. In the midst of these hills he religion, our devotion to our work, to from my lips to your hearts. In gratisaw a beautiful straight furrow. He do our utmost to guide youth to its tude I thank God for a fourteenyear-old

stopped by the fence, expecting to see destiny. boy, who read the sacred word, who

an old, experienced farmer coming toHow I would love to be a boy again! meditated, who prayed, unafraid, alone,

ward the end of the furrow, but instead God bless my boys and your boys. and the Lord heard his prayer.

he saw a youth. Immediately he said Not long ago, from a cabin home, a God bless us that your boy and my

to the young chap, "Did you plow the humble home, a telegram was sent to a boy and the neighbor's boy may grow first furrow in this field?"son in a distant city, "Come home, in the path of the Prophet, Seer, and

'Yes, sir."Charles. I am not well."Signed, Revelator. That is who the boy of

"You will do many straight things in "Mother."And when the son arrived fourteen was. These are our opporlife."And on his way he went. by plane, his mother said, "There are tunities. These are our glorious priviTwelve years went by. The.man two gifts I want to give you, Charles. leges. God help us, I pray, in the name

came again. He was met by a lovely I have been thinking about them all of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Keep Your Money Clean

by Spencer W. Kimball

OF THE COUNCIL OP THE TWELVE

beloved brothers and sisters: My Feed the flock of God which is among wealth; who are increased with goods;

willingly; for filthy but not for this for morning occasion, you, constraint, raiment; not in white with and who

5:1-2.) lucre, but of a ready Peter mind. (I gospel, priesttheMy:or theheart is filled with gratitude this you, taking the oversight thereof, not by who though clothed elegantly are naked the Church, eyes see not; "greedy wide open who are

hood, my family, and for all the privifor filthy lucre."

I I about term. wondered the went that eges to have me. come is all not lucre—all money Now, to the dictionary to just see what Webas I a Recently, a held with meeting is is filthy. not clean There ster say, lucre, would found that and of bishoprics, ofgroup members I had to with money which buy moneymoney—clean itself, a has filthy connotation, bad and to to readoccasion that scripture them shelter, clothes, food, other necesand

is lucre worse; to of and be "greedyof to Paul's, given in Timothy, which sities to contribuwith which and make

is, filthy still lucre"of course, worse. said:he of tions kingbuilding the the toward instruction This given was by John,

of God. dom bishop then blameless, the be must A the to Revelator, the Saints: Laodicean

husband of one wife, vigilant, sober, of Clean money is that compensation good behaviour, given to hospitality, apt to I know thy works, that thou art neither received for a full day's honest work.

teach; cold hot; is nor It cold I would thou for or hot. faithful wert that reasonable pay

striker, to wine, given not greedv Not no

It fair service. profit is that the then from So because art thou lukewarm, and lucre. (I filthyof 3:2-3.) Tim....

neither cold hot, I will thee nor spue out of sale service. or goods, commodities,

My mind began to explore and I of my mouth. It is that income received from transwondered: "What is filthy lucre?"I Because thou sayest, I am rich, and inactions where all parties profit.

creased goods, with of have and need fartherread a little that he found and is lucre Filthy that blood money; nothing; art knowest not that and thou ofsaid the that deacons, the they same is which theft obtained through and wretched, miserable, poor, and and and

filthy of lucre."should be "greedy not It is robbery. blind, and that naked: through obtained

I also that found Paul spoke to Titus, of or the operation gambling I counsel thee tried in gambling gold to buy of me his faith: in the son is the rich; fire, that establishments. thou Filthy lucre mayest be that had and

white raiment, that clothed, thou be mayest sinful sin or through operations and For bishop blameless, as a the be must that of and the thy nakedness shame do... that of the handling from which comes filthy ofsteward given to not God

not appear; thine anoint eyes and withlucre. (Titus liquor, 1:7.) beer, narcotics those other and

eyesalve, that see. thou mayest

are things displeasing in which many

As I love, I rebuke also Peter instructions many as the and chasten: gave same is sight of the Lord. the Filthy lucre

therefore, zealous be (Rev. and repent.to the elders, the quite warning making that bribery, which comes money from 3:1519.)universal to the Church: exploitation. from and

The elders which are among you I exAnd I began to think of many of our Compromise money is filthy, graft hort,... people whose minds are upon their money is unclean, profits and commis948. THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

sions derived from the sale of worthless Therefore as the fire devoureth the stub-... and I will be a swift witness against

stocks are contaminated as is the money ble, and the flame consumeth the chaff, the sorcerers, and against the adulterers, and so their root shall rottenness, as be false and against swearers, against those andderived other from deceptions, excessive

.. their as shall go blossom dust: up. that hireling oppress the in his wages,charges, to oppression the poor and com-

(Ibid., 5:2224.) fatherless, the the that widow, and and ispensation I fully not which earned.

right, his aside turn stranger the from and feel strongly that accept gifts men of who In again of read Exodus we fear saith not hosts. of the me, Lord

wages or salary and do not give combribery: (Malachi 3:5.)

mensurate time, energy, devotion, and gift for shalt take the thou no gift: And call evil that unto good, and them Woeservice are is receiving that money not

wise, the the and perverteth evil; words light, that for good darkness put andclean. Certainly those deal in who the ofblindeth righteous. the 23:8.) (Exodus light for bitter darkness; that put for sweet,

are recipientsforbidden of filthy lucre. for bitter; sweet and

the In Matthew, Master denounced unthat their are in unto wise them Woe shalt of the bring not hire Thou a whore, clean gifts which from impure come eyes, sight! their in prudent and own own or of price the into a dog, of the house the hearts: 5:2021.) unforgiving (Isaiah and

for thyLord for vow: even any God both

these are abomination unto the Lord thy But I say unto you, That whosoever is Again:

God. (Deut. 23:18.) angry with his brother without a cause

shall be in danger of the judgment: and Thou shalt not oppress an hired servant

And Micah lashed at this sin. He whosoever shall say to his brother, Raca, that is poor and needy, whether he be of

said: shall be in danger of the council: but thy brethren, or of thy strangers that are

whosoever shall say, Thou fool, shall be in in thy land within thy gates:

... What is the transgression of Jacob? danger of hell fire. At his day thou shalt give him his hire,

is it not Samaria? and what are the high Therefore if thou bring thy gift to the neither shall the sun go down upon it; for

places of Judah? are they not Jerusalem? altar, and there rememberest that thy he is poor, and setteth his heart upon it....

Therefore I will make Samaria as an brother hath ought against thee; (Deut. 24:1415.)

field, of of a theheap as plantings and gift altar, before there the thy Leave that means, unto them And woe to me..vineyard: first to reconciled be. go thy and way; thy

rationalize, will will explain who all the thereof shall. graven images And brother, offer then thy who and and come

be beaten to pieces, and all the hires gift. (Matt. 5:2224.) away their errors in these matters, who

thereof shall be burned with the fire, and justify their oppressions. Farm hands,

all the idols thereof will I lay desolate: The gift is acceptable when it is made domestic help, and unprotected people

for she gathered it of the hire of an harlot, clean and uncontaminated. are often oppressed, when economic

hire they shall return to theand of an in business matters, in Fair dealing posiplace in the circumstances them harlot. selling, in in buying, general is and tion accept they must where what

. her is incurable. For.. (Micah wound is of representations frequently spoken offered or remain unemployed. And we 1:5-7, 9.)

in the scriptures. The warning to sometimes justify ourselves in under-

I am sure that money is unclean when Israel is still applicable in our own day: paying and even boast about it:

it is obtained through oppression, fraud, And if thou sell ought unto thy neighWoe to them that devise iniquity, and bribery, or through misrepresentations. bour, or buyest ought of thy neighbour's work evil upon their beds! when the mornYou will remember the story of the hand, ye shall not oppress one another: ing is light, they practise it, because it is

Prophet Samuel:... but thou shalt fear thy God: for I am in the power of their hand.

the Lord your God. (Lev. 25:14, 17.) And they covet fields, and take them by

... he made his sons judges over Israel. violence; and houses, and take them away:

And his sons walked not in his ways, but And in the Proverbs we read: so they oppress a man and his house, even

turned aside after lucre, and took bribes, a man and his heritage. (Micah 2:1-2.)

that oppresseth to increase the poor Heand perverted judgment. (I Samuel 8:1, 3.)

his rich, And then there are those of us riches, to giveth the and he that

And Samuel said unto all Israel, Behold, I shall surely come to want. (Prov. 22:16.) who require excessive compensation for

voice in allhave hearkened unto your a king unto me, haveye said and made that Much is said about the hirer and the received"services andand whowho givefail noto loyaltygive "valuewith scriptures, in hired the about andover you. inefficient insufficient the their servand

bebehold, the king walketh now, the employer employee: And and ice.

oldfore grayheaded; you: and and

writers Scripture the admonish emrich ye now, men, weep and howl Go to I areand, behold, with you: and myI sonsam

have walked before you from my childhood for your miseries that shall come upon ployed to obey masters, to please their unto this day. you. employers, to work with singleness of

Behold, here I am: witness against me Your riches are corrupted, and your heart, to be honest in time spent and

before the Lord, and before his anointed: garments are motheaten. service rendered and to avoid purloinwhose ox have I taken? or whose ass have Your gold and silver is cankered; and ing.

shall against of witness rust the a be them II or defrauded? have taken? whom whom food, that need knows The Lord we it flesh as shall eat were you, your and or of I oppressed? havehave whose hand clothes, things. shelter, other and He fire. treasure together heaped have YeI eyes to received bribe blind mine any

living. to expects us our earn He comlast for days. the it I restore will you.therewith? and

And they said, Thou hast not defrauded Behold, the hire of the labourers who mands us to give the necessities to our us, nor oppressed us, neither hast thou have reaped dqwn your fields, which is of families. He permits, perhaps, that we

taken ought of any man's hand. (Ibid., you kept back by fraud, crieth: and the may have reasonable luxuries, but not

12:1-4.) cries of them which have reaped are entered with unclean money.

into the ears of the Lord of sabaoth. (James The Savior said,

In Isaiah's day, there were those who 5:1-4.)

accepted gifts as bribes and who brought No man can serve two masters: for either

will other; one, love the the hate andforth the prophet's comments: he

despise will or else to the one, hold he and

He that walketh righteously, and speakthe other. Ye cannot serve God and mameth uprightly; he that despiseth the gain mon. (Matt. 6:24.) BE MERRY TONIGHT hisof shaketh that hands oppressions,

about, look as we And we see many his bribes, of that stoppeth holdingfrom

Catherine for By are wealth, excessive greedy E. Berry who shutteth of blood,ears hearing and from

his eyes from seeing evil; and especially that which comes with

the holly's e red where merry tonight of practices at the expense sharp of "D place and high: his dwell on He shall *-* lips. of the scarlet laughing Matches shall of rocks: be the strict munitionsdefence integrity. honesty complete and

old dies, while the tonight year Be merry shall be givenbread him; his waters shall It to satisfy is hard us. The more we

slips the silently of the year new dawn And 33:1516.) (Isaiahbe sure. have, the more we want. into the threshold and the room; Over

Woe unto them that are mighty to drink Greet it with laughter, with hearts held Paul seemed to understand human wine, and men of strength to mingle strong high; nature and fully endorsed the statement

drink: Be merry tonight and hold no wake of the Master: "... a rich man shall

Which justify the wicked for reward,... For the old year is weary and ready to die! (Concluded on following page)

DECEMBER 1953 949 ful brother. The Lord will not be unSpencer W. Kimball Continued mindful of these seeming sacrifices.

Your dollars are clean. They will surely

in into finding hinder not your way you of enter a the gives into half"thathardly Sabbath kingdom them. work

of the God."kingdom

I stake says: In recently 19:24.) a Matt. (Seeheaven."a interviewed He

gets that in Savior the ox knew The for position the in important an man into this the the Sabbath, nothing but he world, mire brought knew For on we

I stake reorganization. said to And

it is certain carry nothing canand also into deliberately we that goes ox no is him, occupation?"your "What Andout. every week. mire the said, "I service operate a station."he let food us having raiment and be And I find travels extensive In many my I asked, the operate you on "Do And content.therewith forego faithful the people Sabbath who I fall will rich that His Sabbath?"was, into tbey answer do be But "No,

profits those from come day which and snare, intotemptation and a and not."many "Well, get along? can you how

of things. the forbidden the handling lusts,foolish hurtful and which drown men service station operators to Most seem

I cattle communities where found have perdition. destructionin and the think they Sabbath."on open must

1 their is carry all never on root the stockmen of the of the For Jove 'money -said. "I well, get along Lord he "The

after,evil: fruit they while coveted stands which the some Sabbath; roundup on

is stiff to not me."have you good "Do faith, erred the piercedhave from and are open roadside the which along

I asked. "Yes, competition?"indeed,"(I sorrows. throughthemselves with many close on but day, night which and

is street replied. a "Across the he man 6:7-40.)Tim. fruit season; short the in even Sunday all keeps Sunday."day open "And who businesses confectionery drugstores and

I sir,"asked. let never he open?"food us raiment "No, you be and "Having

six the their earn on money which

I said, grateful, thetherewith farm, Lord another "and and am content."—Why wayside and eating houses weekdays;

is I sufficient kind, for of sheep, have herd anotheranother and bunch my day. Lord's the closed stands, And on

cattle, needs."of another another ranch? Why might other people are there who many cafe,hotel, store, another another I stake, rein also in another a was in justify themselves rationalize and

plant, ananother shop?another Why organization program, another and satistake profit taking but Sunday who office, service,other another another for of brother considered the one was every refraining. in joy faction And and

if of another anything.business? Why highest positions; asked and when we to willing I are folk see good time who that provides the already has whichone of his occupation, said him he he was feel I profits, rejoice these and forego

necessities luxuries? reasonable and trade. grocer a of the "Well, most by their for bless to heart within them my increase to continue expand and storesWhy the Sabbath. keep open on Do their their courage, and steadfastness,

especially inthoseholdings, when store lock you?"our Sunday,"on "We faith.

inone's responsibilitiescreased draw said. he "But can compete you how course, of ways, other are There many

terests proper family from and away these are people with seven open who I tainted. pray can be in which moneyspiritual those from commitments, and least a days week?"compete. At "We clean. will keep our that money we to thethings have Lord which would reply. get well,"very his along was we bless will I that he Lord the pray And lives? in our precedence giveus Why not "But the be your would Sabbath the will have they that children his

to the expanding be alwaysmust we biggest "Yes,"answered, day?"he "we sacrihis live to commandments, faith

are interests dividedpoint our where sell as twice probably would on much I be. to there seem fice though may are attentions thoughts our andand as averthe Sabbath would on an we it to will up that make God know of things Certainthe the world?upon it, day, get age along without but we I will never that them. men know possessionsly one's betemporal when the kind; has been he and Lord has for seeming suffer, ultimately, any

it is difficult for great, very onecome gracious; good."has been he been sacrifices that be made, financial might

spiritual attentionto to the give proper I this sell store?"in do you "What live his to for us has he commanded

things. said, asked "Groceries and him. He us: has challenged then and laws

"Your miscellaneous merchandise."

is in his that the Better walketh poor. the saith herewith,. prove now me sell other things competitors including is in perverse thatuprightness, he than

if I the will of hosts, you not open Lord. I things, forbidden not?"they do rich. (Prov.his 28:6.) be ways, he though a out of pour you heaven, and asked. windows it felt right,""Yes, not have was but we shall enough there blessing, that not room be

trade, course. lose said. of struck this Proverbs he from then And "We it. receive 3:10.) to (Malachi

me: People leave our store and go to the

all that bless of us dollars'store other worth and we buy And many may God blessshall with abound man A faithful his teachings live to close get they will of groceries and few a where can ings: haste that to be but he maketh

or blessings the of beer wine, merit which rich cans he do thereby some but we (Ibid., 28:20.)shall innocent. not be

not sell it."And I could not refrain has promised to us, I pray, in the name

And I wonder if many of us are not from saying, "God bless you, my faithof the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

hasting to be rich. Are we making

compromises in order to accumulate?

I wonder if money earned upon the Fourth Session, Saturday Afternoon, October 3, 1953

Sabbath, when it is unnecessary Sabbath earning, might not also be unclean money. I realize that some people must

the they Sabbath; onwork and when Let Us Live

ofdo, if are that is, they compelled, course, a different situation. But men

and women who will deliberately usethe Sabbath day to develop business Our Religion holdings, theirpropositions, to increase

I fear for by Carl W. Buehnerto increase their income,

them. I think the Lord was speaking OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC

to them when he said: "Woe unto them

that call evil good,..."(Isa. 5:20.) dear brethren and sisters, diffi- I should like to pay my humble tribute

Sometimes we salve our consciences by cult as this assignment is for me, to the three great high priests who pre-

I I still First that Presiover very side the admit our Church, must the thatsaying the more more am we get My to to greet in general of this be able causes, lappy dency but you give to the Church, the worthy whom men canwe that, of course, is a subterfuge. There conference, and to bear you my testiwe love and honor, men who serve as

are people who work on the Sabbath, mony of the divinity of this great work, if in the prime of life, and yet have not through compulsion but because the the gospel of Jesus Christ, and I hope lived many years beyond those at which income is attractive, and others who in the few moments that I stand here most of us retire.

work voluntarily to get the "time and that the Lord will sustain me. If I am right, and I think I am, all

950 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA three of these great leaders have had a that we were going to build a temple in this woman, she said, "Just a minute, birthday since our last general conSwitzerland and another one in Engbrethren, you have assessed me one ference. President McKay in his eightyland, a number of people came into my hundred dollars. I would like to do

first year is an inspiration to the Church, office, and I am sure they have to the my part."They said she walked over

a great leader. I have met several offices of all of these brethren, wonderto the mantel shelf, reached her hand

women who, when seeing President ing how they could make a contribuinto a little piece of crockery, and

McKay walk by, say, "He looks just like tion to the erection of these temples. counted out to the bishop five hundred

an angel."I can concur in this, and Among those who came to see me was dollars in greenbacks.

besides that, he speaks and looks as a a very elderly couple, and they said, Then he said that time went on, and prophet. "Bishop, just how could we make a the building got started. They were

Standing at his one side is President small contribution toward the conputting the rafters on it, and one day

Stephen L Richards, the youngest of struction of the Swiss Temple? We the bishop got another call from this

these three, a man with a great legal have had such a thrilling experience in woman, and he thought, "Oh, dear, mind, a great organizer, and he certainly our life doing temple work and geneshe wants her money back, and we have has been an outstanding counselor to alogical work, we would love to make spent it on the chapel."

President McKay. a little contribution to that temple and When they went to see her, she said,

On his other side is the dean of the to those good people in that faroff land.""You don't know how thrilled I am to

General Authorities of the Church, So, I told them that that was a very see our building come into fruition. We

year—aPresidentmanClark,who inhas hisbecomeeightythirdone of easyto leavethingtheto do,money,and ifI theywouldjust bewantedglad haveyou brethrentalked abouthaveit albactuallythese years,gone butto

the greatest statesmen we will ever to give them a receipt for it, and I work, and now I can see it grow, and know and with a testimony of the goswould be sure that it would go toward the rafters are going on. I would just

pel as firm as the Rock of Gibraltar. that very marvelous project. Then, like to give you another five hundred

I am sure you all join with me in exthis man's good wife said, "Brother dollars to be sure it is completed bepressing our love and admiration for Buehner, would it be possible for my cause I don't think I'll live until we these three great men, for their devoted name to be put on that receipt?"and I finish the building, and I would like

leadership over the Church. said, "We will fix that receipt any way to have a little credit on the other side."

As I figure this up, these men together you would like to have it."She said, This is not just an isolated case. We

have lived 237 years, and if I am right, "Now, I don't want to give you the hear these stories all the time.

and I don't think I am far from it, they impression that my husband and I have Let me tell you one other expehave served either in the Council of the not been very happy. We have been. rience, a little different from this, and

Twelve or as the Presidency of the We have had a wonderful life together, then my time is up.

Church for an aggregate of more than but I would like to see my name on that I was up in Richland Stake in Richone hundred years. receipt along with my husband's land, Washington, not so long ago,

I would like to suppose that the comname."This seemed satisfactory. and a man was called out of the audibined information of these three outSo they said, "We'll be back in a little ence to bear his testimony, a new constanding men, together with inspirawhile."In about thirty minutes, they vert to the Church. When he came to

tion and revelation from our heavenly returned, and this good man, his life the stand, he was shaking much worse

Father, would exceed the knowledge of almost over, and so was his wife's than I am now, and I am very shaky, any other three men upon the face of they had lived a long time—laid down and said, "I think I'll tell you people

the earth today. I am sure I am right a check for a thousand dollars, and how I became a member of the Church.

in this supposition. his wife gave me ten onehundred-dol- I was a very ardent Baptist, and I lived

They are our leaders. Brethren and lar greenbacks, another thousand dollars, in New York City near the leaders of

sisters, I wish that leaders of men and each wanting to contribute a thousand the Baptist Church. One day they

nations all over this earth would listen dollars toward the erection of the temcalled me in and asked me if I would to the counsel of these three great leaders ple in Switzerland. go on a mission to the Belgian Congo,

of ours. When I think of the millions, Others with their two dollars and and I accepted. Of course, they said,

yes,, billions of dollars that are spent five dollars and ten dollars, and a thou- 'Now, we'll pay you $425.00 a month

to create weapons of war, destructive sand dollars and ten thousand dollars while you are on the mission,'but weapons designed to wipe out the peoand more—it is marvelous what the even at that they could not get very

ple of the earth, and I compare that people of the Church voluntarily do to many missionaries to serve for the Bapwith the message that goes forth from help push forward this great work. tist Church. I spent three years there,

Zion carried by the missionaries of the I heard another little experience that and when I completed my mission, I

Church, I assure you they go forth with happened somewhere up in the Uintah got on a boat coming up the African greater power than the power of deadly Basin a while ago, where for twentycoast. The second day on board that

weapons, and I sincerely hope the day five years they talked about building a boat, I noticed two fine, cleancut lookwill soon come when these young men new chapel. Finally, the bishopric then ing young men walking around the

can go forth as an army of men clothed in the ward decided they had talked deck of that boat, each with two books with righteousness and the power of the about this thing long enough, and they under their arms. They so fascinated

priesthood, preaching the gospel of peace would like to organize a finance comme; they so attracted my attention that

and salvation to the nations of the mittee, a building committee and go I could not keep my eyes off those young earth. I would that we had twenty ahead, so they sent out letters assessing men, and I followed them nearly all

thousand of them instead of the two the membership of the ward for this day. Finally near the end of the day,

or three thousand we have in the earth purpose. I got enough courage to walk up to

today and that they would not be reAmong those who received a letter them and introduce myself. I learned

stricted in their work of preaching to and an assessment of one hundred dolthey also had been missionaries in South every nation, every kindred, every lars was a little widow who had not Africa, and I said to these young Tien, tongue, and every people. been very active in the Church, and 'The Baptist Church pays me $425.00 a

Brother Sonne made a very signifione that the bishopric did not know month. How much does your Church

cant statement in his talk, and I have very well; but they thought they would pay you?'These two young men smiled

felt the same thing, that the strength visit this woman. When they went and said, 'Our Church does not pay us

of the Church is in the individual testito her home and opened the door, they anything. We pay our own expenses.'

mony of its members, and as I have realized they had made a great mistake. Then I began to feel humiliated. For

traveled about this Church, I have had They should never have assessed this twentyone days as we crossed the ocean, some wonderful manifestations, and I poor, little old soul one hundred dolwe sat on the deck of the boat, and we have heard some very thrilling expelars, they said, and so in the middle of compared the doctrine I taught as comriences. I would like to relate two or their talk of trying to justify what they pared with the doctrine of these, two

three of these to you. had done in talking themselves out of fine young missionaries. I became

Recently, when it was announced the assessment that they had made to (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1953 951 the gospel to us. May we be loyal, may

Carl W. Buehner Continued wesponsibilitiesbe faithful,thatmaycomewe toacceptus andthe redo

them faithfully and do them well. We

so converted that I was all wrong and Belgian Congo."And the way he said will live longer. There is life when

that these young men were all right that, I just believe he was one of the we are active, and there could be spirthat I hated to see the boat arrive in the happiest members of the Richland Stake. itual death if we do not accept the opharbor at New York, and I just did not It is wonderful what you see as you portunities that come to us to serve.

want these young men to get out of my travel about the Church. Brethren and If these great men can serve as they

sight. As a matter of fact I did follow sisters, I just hope we will have a dedo, I am sure we should each have a

them halfway across the continent, and sire to serve our heavenly Father with desire to do our part to make their load here I am in Richland today, a member all our might, mind, and strength. as light for them as we can and to help

of the Mormon Church, and the hapLet us sustain these three great leaders push forward this great work of our piest member in this stake. To this of ours with all the strength we have. heavenly Father, and may it be so, and

day, I have not collected my last check Let us live our religion. We are great may the blessings of our heavenly Father

of $425.00, and to this day, I have not teachers when we remember who we be with everyone of us always, I pray

reported to the leaders of the Baptist are and when we live our lives and humbly in the name of Jesus Christ.

Church that I have returned from the reflect through our lives the value of Amen.

The Divine Call of the

SEVENTIES

by President Levi Edgar Young OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

If reveal anything Christ. Jesus Lord God as religious moral for hearts. and express like to Have we my appreciation ofMY BRETHREN AND SISTERS: I should of the prophets of God; and into their farther than you have seen me follow the His, be instrument other you, any by life attain the perfect by to to excellent this choir that has been men sought

it, were receive as ever to you as ready

So work? contemplation today. and muchrendering to the music of The

in meetings our be said about all mightsingers are and Germans, we are the receivepersuaded,truth,I amby verymy ministry;confident forthatI theam Lordfully

interested in the German people. They temples. We all felt the goodness and has more truth yet to break forth out of His

have made a contribution to this sacred beauty of human life. We felt as we holy word. For my part, I cannot suffireligious movement that we represent. have never felt before the hunger and ciently bewail the condition of the reformed

rein to a period are come who faith death, labor, work churches,I love and all heart the and that believe with my further will at ligion, present go no and sacred these to produce operated will eswhich back and nation comeGerman of their reformation. the instruments than buildings. culcivilization the andtablish again beto be go Lutherans drawn cannot The Constitution it of the think are a great had.ture that once we They When of part saw; Luther whatever yond what

people. of our land, we recall many historical his will our good God has revealed to Cal-

A few days ago, two meetings of all statements that are sacred and true. vin, they will rather die than embrace it,

the General Authorities of the Church First, the words of the French writer, and the Calvinists, you see, stick fast, were held. The first one was in the Michelet. He had written about the where they were left by that great man of

temple at Logan, and a few days later terrible days of the French Revolution God, who yet saw not all things. This

is to a for misery be lamented; much these writes words: in he our held when meetingthe was second

light though they a burning shining were City. In in Salt here Laketemple their times, in into yet penetrated they is not for to march a faith, waiting world The

I realize of andthinking more them of counsel but whole they were God; to live. to breathe But the forward again and

is the love to that and God knowmore living, willing to as deceit, would be in embrace faith a now beginning never have can highest blessedness of mankind. Temcunning, or treaties of falsehood. further light as that which they at first

ples built by the Latterday Saints are received. I beseech you to remember it as

houses of prayer, of fasting, and of It is interesting to note that according an article in your church Covenant. "That

faith, houses of glory and order, houses to Washington Irving, Columbus when you be ready to receive whatever truth shall to be written the you from made known Salof set foot island San the he on as recall found the wordsof God. You

I of exword herewithal God."But must prayer, following uttered vador, the of Kirtland the prayerin the dedicatory hort receive to take as heed you you what the translated from has been which the given by were whichTemple it, truth. it, consider Examine comand Latin: Smith:Prophet Joseph it pare truth, of scriptures other with beit; it fore receive for possible you is not eternal omnipFather, and our God,.. O anteach diligently one and ye that the Christian so world should come earth otent, of Creator and heaven and of seek out yea, ye of wisdom; other. wordsseek lately of out thick antiChristian darkness, praise sea, glorify holy name, Thy we Thy learnseek of best wisdom, books the words that of perfection and should knowledge all humility, serve in majesty, we we whom faith; also ing study by and even by at forth break once. this give protection holy unto new Thy needevery prepare yourselves; Organize

of the world. a part establish ful house, even thing, a and

field called to the as a misTo be fasting, of house a of prayer, a househouse is an honor a recognition and have the prayer of Pastor sionary of Then we of learning, faith,of a house a house glory, a house of order, a house of God; Robinson as he blessed the Pilgrim of a person's real worth. It is a call

Have mercy, O Lord, upon all the nafathers when they left in the Mayflower to labor with undying zeal to awaken oftions earth; the faith have in mercy a living the men God upon the for the New World. within

those principles,rulers of land; our may to turn and to a with repentant him

deto part Brethren, quickly are so were"honorably and noblywhich now we heart. force, the one can deny No

I the Constitution of ourfended, namely, another, from one whether and may of the for the beauty passion extending fathers, forever. live establishedland, face earth ever to see our be anyyour by on one's belief others, to hopes and own 109:7-8, of 54.) the C. more, but only knows; (D. & Heaven God

"for imparting to of the comfort them the or whether that hath Lord appointed

I wonder sometimes if in reading our not, I charge you before God and His one's own salvation."What splendor

sacred books we enter into the thoughts blessed angels, that you follow me no {Continued on page 954) 952 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA V Monday fhro k eSPbook

DECEMBER 1953 953 the grace of the act depends as much on

Levi Edgar Young Continued the manner of it, as on the act itself.

One of the essential things with Jesus disciples his of training the was of Christ of Elizabeth is life In the daysof Apostle, of Queen that the Paul who believe "... faith in ye to God. have able there seamen life were over, England, many his sooner made wasno own

in also me."believe (John in God, large which the navy faith the sooner manned the had hope who andno

into the world disciples 14:1.) went His of her height to the brought of life England possessionof him, taken a new

I gospel. you given have the to preach seas. noted the the desire the Among power on he overcome withthan was

zeal. of missionary And example an fleet Francis Sir of the all was to this possession the commanders disseminateto

the Paul, times: of ancient one Pacific Coast now the sailed up Drake, to Gentile whoworld and and make Jew disciples of the Apostle, one become had state of Washington, as far as the present lightalike see in glory the and and

splendor of the Christian truth. In our and then went on around the world. of the Lord. He went about preaching

and eloquence inspired gospel "with the first circumto the Englishman gospel, of since restoration the the wasday, He took Athens. logic."to They went He the earth. Standing on the navigate yea, hundreds, thousands the knowwe "... thou saying: Areopagus, to the him said day, his ship of Drake one deck parts into remote the gone havewho

to our things strange certain bringest his to gospel to the preach men:of the world and

Paul's read 17:20.) ears."(Acts You their to thoughtsto turn God. men's See abide. people is pass but away, short- "It the for yourselves. Men discourse true before there long even wasThis you, leave fast heritage the that hold ye we exceptever made, speech important est safe railroads or quick means andwere its value, that children teach your yea, and Gettysburg undying Lincoln's only ing left sea. travel Missionariesof by home hearts centuries, their the in coming never less hunone than In address. speech faroff to friends fail weak. to their and China or go hands grow them,and may arguthe fifty put he words dred and afraid. too Hereto, have been Seas, to much nothsay we the SouthIndia, and

living of the assertion for and ment fear will only Henceforth, God. we America. of Southing Europe and They

resurrection the salvation of and God lands, strange in and hardshipsfaced this troubled more world need In we this even he doing In of dead. the for of sake theoften misery communiof principle unity the amid and more the Greek quotation from a included message. have thecating Gospel Many all of elements the marring human seed. the, planted He poets."had He lives they bore testimony as theirgiven

life. a in our have work must interest. aroused We had of restored God.of The word the that purpose before definite purpose, and find the should missionaries, As we spirits the their grandeur of andsplendor hearts, in established our well can be all judge should people. in good are Weof achievements known. their The

it to purvery related the see must we the but mistakes their by not by people acexperiences theirstories and of should of Every quorum poses God. work powers. their Our of abundance will become somedaycomplishments is defined well ideal which have an if love, is and we based teachers on as Latterthe of epics beautifulthe most effort greatest invites the on which and listeners, must of our we the love have thrill will the epics that Saints,day realize help to of every part the member underare their it merits that to see Let their beauty. truth with andworld is about to ideal ideal. bring that The faults found their rather than stood, ago: of long story the relate a hereme a the quorum, within a brotherhood out. father, of 1857, the In summer my that can lasting nothing so brotherhood beautiful the in keep mind us Let Phillip Margetts, B. Young,Seymour it. outside power Certainly no break ages Confucius, of Chinese the words to called were Wilcken Davidand exwill be brotherhood can. This Christ: before all were mission. a They onEngland interest thoughts their and in pressed

years. nineteen age, Conof the same touch another. members in The equal one are not truth the know Those who ready handcart, they astructing made it kindness, love good, it; they by another who by doing love one and those to who

first objective was CounTheirto leave. it. live those to than more who are not equal by philanthropy—something River across cil Missouri just Bluffs, the interof and clasp hands the mere

from Omaha. From there they would change of idle words. It is the delight I pray that we may all come to a

take the train for New York, where of diffusing something of the spirit of deeper understanding of the gospel, they could embark on a sailing vessel gentility and graciousness. In all such that we may live as God would have us

for England. One night, while they expressions of goodwill and respect, live. Amen.

were sitting around a wood fire on the

Platte River, singing songs, and talking about the "folks at home,"Brother Margetts began to recite some of the fine lines from the plays of Shakespeare,among which were the words of Every Member a Missionary

Macbeth: by John LongdenTomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow

Creeps in this petty pace from day to day ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

To the last syllable of recorded time;

fools lighted have yesterdays all ourAnd of the inspiration to the speak hunger and under are Blessed do they which brief out, Out, death. to dustyThe way shall be for thirst I they after righteousness: before I Spirit. stand as realize you

candle! filled. 5:6.) (Matt. I this that depend upon afternoon must player a poor shadow, Life's but a walking

Father of heavenly inspiration the my the frets his hour struts upon and That dear of our remarks opening the for, Christ, to Son, his Jesus through stage at beginning the McKay InPresident of Christ more. be gospel can is heard the Jesus then no teachAnd that stated this he conference of he Sc. Act V. Macbeth, Shakespeare, but the of men, (Wm. not wisdom done by uplifted and souls be might our 5.) hoped

of the power God. only by

I witsaid bear sure inspired. thought,"in can sat you deep my am "We

father, "for we had been listening to a ness with me that our heavenly Father Much has been said here today and sage of history, a man who knew has literally blessed us, and our souls yesterday in these conference sessions of the missionary the program been regarding slept because uplifted the under been we have stars haveShakespeare. We

ungrateful feel most Church. I would Lord. three inspired of the for over the word did by that night, as we

just to pay take if I did a moment not that exception the without noted night I have Every we studiedmonths.

is great missionary a tribute to who this position occupied has every Writ, day as we each whowords of Holy pulled the handcart over the trail and regardless of his calling in the Church, absent from us today, but who was with through the rivers, our hearts were regardless of his standing in the comus here six months ago occupying a seat swallowed up in a kind of glow of God's munity or the nation, before taking on the row that I am privileged to oclove coming down as a constant stream these responsible Church positions, has cupy—Elder Stayner Richards.

of light."invoked the blessings of our heavenly He in very deed typified the true misThey were missionaries of the Lord. Father upon him that he might be able (Continued on page 956)

954 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The only V-8 in the lowprice field!

See it...Value Check it..

Test Drive it

at your nearest Ford Dealers

DECEMBER 1953 955

As he met Tolstoi there was the usual

John Longden Continued friendly salutation, and then Tolstoi said, "If you want to converse with me, sionary spirit of the Church of Jesus mission for the Church. The young you will have to come along while I

Christ of Latterday Saints, and I feel convert said, "I have only twelve marks,"finish my plowing."

sure that he has touched the hearts of but President Wunderlich, because he This he did, and they conversed about thousands in the British Isles or had the priesthood of God, because he many things. After a discussion on

wherever he has labored to spread truth could speak with that power and aureligion Tolstoi said to Andrew White, and righteousness*, exercising his energy thority which comes to those who are "But what about your American reand talent in building up the kingdom of truly called to serve the Lord, made a ligion?"

God. promise to that young man if he would Andrew White said, "We do not have

So, I pay tribute to his memory toaccept the call and respond to it that a state church in America. People are

day. It was my privilege to labor with the Lord would provide a way. allowed to worship God according to

him for about fourteen years in the So the young man, in blind faith, the dictates of their own conscience."

Highland Stake, the stake in which I believing, as we have heard from this Tolstoi said, "I know all that. I

now reside. pulpit today, accepted the call and filled know that the Catholic Church origGoing back a few years, a prophet of his mission. It was my privilege to inated in Rome. I know that the

God, Brigham Young, declared: interview him while he was doing stake Lutheran Church originated in GerEpiscopal that the many, Church city missionary of in the work Ed-

... is there this neither or in man woman I to in orginated but England, want monton, Canada. migrated had He is mission. notChurch on a who That about your American something know is living in from and Germany now will lastmission live, as as long they and religion, called the commonly Mormon Canada.it is to to good, righteousness, do promote Church."all of a influence, have zoneto teach the principles of truth, to my and We

"I'll said, to adhave Andrew Whiteprevail sisters. I brothers like themselves upon to and everybody should and

around them to live those principles that ask the question here today, "When mit that I know very little about the they may obtain eternal life. (Discourses of did you last have a gospel conversation Mormon people, other than that they

Brigham Young, 1943 ed., p. 322.) with someone who does not claim memare a superstitious people and that they

are peculiar."in bership the Church?"is the true spirit. That missionary give Tolstoi decided he would Then it, to Well, not answer do have you of theThat was of a word prophet regreat as was, White, a he Andrew I in your minds. only humbly own years ago. many teachGod same The signifilose so as to buke, the not and Spirit that of pray the the will Lord forth goesing this pulpit from today: I like of this cance rebuke, to should of us, take exercise will that hold wethat individual each has memberwho it to read you. to rightful influence the teach prinour this,ship in the of Christ Church Jesus his Tolstoi, in Leo Count "Then ciples of salvation exaltation to our andof is Saints, Latterday a mission, on stern honest lovable but manner, and Father's children. heavenly is first, that to exmissionand teach by I 'Dr. rebuked ambassador: the White, I I thrill as see in here the someoneample, second, precept, and truths the by greatly surprised disappointed and am is of audience not today ashamed who is thisof gospel, of the gospel which of great that a learning your and man of Christ. After gospel the having Jesussalvation exaltation presinto the and this position so ignorant should be on filled in States the a mission Southern ofence our Father his heavenly and subject. important people The Mormon this for great before of the turn ChurchSon, Christ. Jesus religion: princitheir the teach American century, the decided he he wanted I I thrill as privilege the of tourhave ples of the teach not people only heaven further to elechis in follow education missionsing visiting in stakes the and its glories, to how.'attendant but and trical so selected engineering, that he stake the with mingling missionaryand live social their so that economic and of great Cornell. University SunOne spirit to ofgroups the catch those who relations are other placed each with to student the each have opday was specifically called toare missionary do If basis. a the follow people sound on filing privilege of portunity past andwork. of this the teachings shaking rostrum the hands with and Church—nothing I the toured As Western Canadian their stop will be can first of the president Cornell, Andrew progress—it

I justMission a ago, few heard months limitless. introducing himself White, making and stories. missionary heartwarmingmany great 'There have been movements it from. he where was known When I thrilling like story to shouldOne past, started in died the but they have said, this turn, man's young he came

I like to you.share take with would or modified before been reached they Scipio, E. Yates from Utah.""Thomas for to a or a with twoyou moment me is If to maturity. able Mormonism said, "Are Immediately Andrew Whiteconcentration in in France, which camp itbreaches endure, until the unmodified, a you Mormon?"prisoners, incarceratedare two German is it desthird generations, fourth and flinch did Yates because Brother not

acnever hadyoung become who men to tined greatest the the power become of of gospel be not the ashamed was untilquainted other they each were with ever known.'world has I sir, said, "Yes, Christ. Jesus am."He thisin camp. I I as that, believe stand before you for asked White Andrew Then of utilizing his time was them One testify this that thing today and interview following Sunday. the an of that the study theto Lord he word called has continued Mormonism down said Brother that Yates seemed week fast to the testimony holdmight which of for 123 the stream time through realized the long because he mighty attracted attention the had.he This years, that unmodified, unchanged, and sustained persecution that been had by prisoner,of the other German who it is of of fulness gospel Jesus the the in missionaries, the while even he was in. interested soasked he what was Christ. States. the Southern reading that reply he was cameThe

Yes, are blessed they and hunger who passed, the time he But and was I sure that Voice Warning.The of am

thirst after righteousness, brothers and of into the study ushered White. Andrew to missionrings a familiar note many

I thirstsisters, believe are that and men it just to revealed There was him whyaries might today assembled and who for in ing righteousness hungering and this for interview. invited been he had radio. television listening thebe and on

So, a gospel conversation ensued. Andrew White told him, on one occathe world today.

Then this young man became interested, sion while he was a special representaIt is our great responsibility, as has and many conversations thereafter foltive to the Russian government he had been outlined here, to be the humble lowed. The war was over. They were become very friendly with Count Leo servants in the hands of the Lord in

released. The one returned to his loTolstoi, the great Russian philanthropist carrying this glorious message to those

cality in Germany, where he further and writer. On one occasion as he individuals.

investigated this thing he had heard called at the home of Tolstoi he was May God bless us with this vision, in a French concentration camp. Then told by the servant that Tolstoi was out and the spirit of missionary work, as I

he applied for baptism. He was bapin the fields plowing, and if he wanted bear witness that these things are true,

tized, and after a few months was called to see him he would have to go there, in the name of our Savior, Jesus Christ.

by President Wunderlich to go on a which he did. Amen.

956 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It is difficult to write a definition of the American way.

But it is easy to find good examples. Here is one:

PUZZLE:

Who got the hundred million dollars?

He walked into our office seven years ago, sat down. In other words, 80 times as many hours without

We knew the customer. And a wonderful credit ratoverhaul as seven years ago. And today only every

ing he had, too. tenth engine is tested twice before delivery because

of what has been referred to as the "perfection rate"

Said he wanted airplane engines. By that time blueof G-E jet engines.

prints were scattered all over the place.

He was taking no chances. Not one engine would Oh, yes. The hundred million dollars. With

he accept without testing first, stripping apart, buildGeneral Electric engines now giving extended serving up again, and testing once more. Hmm! ice, not so many are needed. Improvements have

saved the customer that much in five years.

And more. Every engine he bought would be overhauled after 15 running hours. P. S. Who's the customer? The U. S. Air Force.

And what was the engine? The J-47 jet engine. He didn't say so, but he must have known we

would have ideas, too. (Lights burn all night when And who got the hundred million dollar saving?

engineers at our place see ways to improve things we Who profits from more Air Force per dollar? The taxmake.)

payer, everybody. This story is one more example of

The climax was last August. The customer anwhat happens where research men and engineers are

nounced that he would allow 1,200 hours flying time at work. Products gain in efficiency, do more. New

from these G-E engines before an overhaul. products emerge, and the public is always the gainer.

oa cam Mi/ wottt co?z/adence GENERAL

DECEMBER 1953 957 pointing the way, it seems to me, with clarity and understanding to the people of the Church. THE lORD'S WORK I bear witness to you, my brothers

by Delbert L. Stapley and sisters, that God sustains him, and

but else in today the world one OF THE COUNCIL OP THE TWELVE no calling the holy has he because him, of prophet, seer, and revelator, repreall humility, my brothers and siscalled to be a light to the world. The senting the Lord upon the earth in

Inters, I approach this solemn and Lord has appointed us to be that light our time. He only has the right to

sacred responsibility this afternoon. I because we have the truth of the gospel revelation for the people of the Church,

feel my dependence upon the Lord for of our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. and if all people would understand that,

his blessings and strength as I speak The Savior said, "... A city that is they would not be tossed about by

to you. set on an hill cannot be hid."(Matt. those who would seek to divert their

When a scientist makes a great dis- 5:14.) Nor can we be hid from the minds from the Church and its glorious

covery, it is not long before some other world here in the tops of the mountains, principles, and I am sure they would scientist makes the same discovery. The for our works and our deeds go out from be more happy and contented than they

Lord has released that knowledge in the this place. now are.

earth. It is not confined to one or two Even from the beginning the Lord It is a great and inspiring moment in

but to all who search for it. As the has said that the way is straight and our council to hear President McKay

brethren of the General Authorities seek narrow that leadeth unto life. To the say, "Brethren, the Lord has spoken.

the Spirit for inspiration in the preparaProphet in our day those words have His will has been done."It is a great

tion of conference talks, and drawing been repeated, and someone has wisely moment, a thrilling moment, and you from the same Spirit, there is a conquipped, "The reason the way is so have the sure feeling that what he has stant theme through the talks of each, straight and narrow is because there said or designated is true, and of God.

for the Spirit has influenced them in are so few who enter that way."Should Now, President McKay does not rethat direction. more enter, by yielding obedience to quire any defense. I do not need to

Recently in the solemn assembly held the laws and the commandments of the say these words in defense of him.

in the Logan Temple, President David gospel plan, then it would become wider, His life, his works, his faith, his love

O. McKay said, "The Lord is impressand I am sure God would be happier as and devotion are unquestioned and

ing his servants to extend and intensify a result of it. exemplary, not only to the people of

the work of his Church."Praise has been given in this conferthis Church but also to all the world,

Stake presidents and bishops, presience to the First Presidency. With all but if the people of the Church underdents of priesthood quorums, presidents my heart I support the sentiments exstand the calling and position of the

and superintendents of auxiliaries know pressed by the brethren. It is a great chosen and anointed prophet of God,

this statement to be true. There has privilege and joy to be associated with they will be fortified against false

been increased activity among the the Presidency, to sit in their councils, teachers and antiChrists, and we do

Aaronic Priesthood, the senior members and to receive their instructions. A have them among us.

of that priesthood, the girls'program, wish of President McKay's is almost a When the brethren of Nephi did not the Relief Society as it works with incommand to us who are associated with understand the vision of their father active women, the missionary program him. Lehi, they came to Nephi, their younger

now at home as well as abroad, the Keeping in mind the great spiritual brother, for an explanation of that vigreat welfare program of the Church, strength of these brethren of the First sion. He asked of them, as I would ask

and many other activities designed to Presidency, I would like to say to you, of you, build faith and testimonies in the hearts my brothers and sisters, that in Presiof Latterday Saints. dent McKay we have a great and inHave ye inquired of the Lord?

sets leader. feeling of spired a terrific the good tempo and The He pace They said unto Nephi, activity of in at histhis age, that devotion upsurge us younger some and

inspire in to follow. expression find difficult hours His and findmust the men the Lord not for no maketh have We

office. just are long. early to thelives of not members, all Church He comes 1 Ne. us. (See thing such unto known

alone in its leaders. As leaders it seems He goes late. He responds to the wish 15:8-9.)

to me necessary that we let information and the will of the people, doing all go on down to the rank and file of our things, even beyond his physical strength Now my brothers and sisters, if there

Church membership in order that they to do, to bless the people of the Church. are any doubts in your hearts about

might have and enjoy the same counsel He sets a marvelous example of devoyour leaders or this Church being true, and direction that we receive. Where tion, love, faith, and good will. again I would ask of you, "Have ye inthis condition is true, and our people In these days of turmoil and distress, quired of the Lord?"I am sure if you

understand, it wipes out any prejudice, as God's chosen servant, under the inask sincerely and with real intent that resentment, or rebellion that might be spiration of his divine calling, he is the Lord will manifest the truth of it in their hearts, and also they will supunto you. There will no longer be any

port and work diligently for the acdoubt, for God can bear you that witcomplishment of the Lord's great purness through the Holy Ghost, which poses in the earth. TREASURE power all of us should seek.

The Lord has not chosen us to fail Many of the signs spoken of by the in this work of his kingdom, but to By G. D. Gleason prophets to precede the second coming

of are Christ fulfilled before being fail now to havesucceed. no reason We e found this wealth us. easily are recognizable, and They inspirwork. Lord's is the He isThis

In an aspen of of grove: they the us the parable remind those have revealing unto whoing and wFrost coins minted virgins, five ten the wise, were and his who his called and mind properlybeen trove. autumn's Of

five foolish. the were Those in who who is present forcewill. guiding This

the affairs of his kingdom today. WithThe gold of fall were foolish were not prepared when

out this holy influence we would be Under amethyst sky the bridegroom came, and as they went groping in spiritual darkness. Was ours to spend. out to prepare themselves, the doors

In all ages of the world, the divinely What would it buy? were closed against them, and they

admittance. gain could not of enservants haveappointed God fruit of earth? The I need and to You the Lord love people thetreated to be prepared. We of art? the work Or

and to keep his commandments. Today It bought a song know not the day nor the hour in

is no exception in that respect. We are That stirred our heart. (Continued on page 960)

958 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

FOR w Mm.,p Christmas Hi

B|iS;SM

gin xfotd Bible'traditionally the finest to giveand to receive WM

Swwj6j5lfal)il)knwtjjrwCSy.Americans

npHE most appropriate gift at Christmas is the Holy Bible * in the King James Version. Give a Bible that will be

cherished for a lifetime—an Oxford. Skilled artisans have

been handcrafting Bibles at Oxford for centuries. That is

why an Oxford Bible is traditionally the most beautiful—POCKET SCOFIELD

the "heirloom Bible."12x. All the famous Sco?

field helps, unabridged, in This year, for the first time, you Also new this Christmas is the a Bible that measures only can obtain your favorite Oxford de luxe India paper edition of the 3 5/s"x 5 7/16"and is

Sec field Bible in a bright red bindPilgrim Bible, a Bible that is speonly 15/16"thick. Morocing. The new de luxe edition of this cially helpful to the Christian who coette, limp, gold edges.

famous reference Bible with all the wishes the study of the Bible made Black or blue. $8.50

special Scofield helps, Concordance, easier. Contains notes prepared by

and maps is printed on ultrathin Dr. E. Schuyler English with the CONCORDANCE BIBLE

India paper in extremely legible assistance of 37 outstanding scholars. 03287x. 50,000 special reftype. Handgrained Morocco, Maps and diagrams. Fine handerences. Maps. Size 4%"

leather lined, slightly overlapping grained Morocco binding, leather x.6%", only 9/16"thick.

covers; handy size: A3A"x 7 1/16", lined, slightly overlapping covers. Ultrathin India paper with

only %"thick. Number 147x: in Size: 5V&"x 7%", only V/&"thick. redunder-gold edges,

red, brown, or blue, with gold Number 29x: in black, with redFrench Morocco, over:

edges, $18.00. In black, with reduhder-gold edges, $17.50. In red or lapping covers.

undergold edges, $17.50. blue, with gold edges, $18.00 Black, $6.50

B BOOSE FROM MORE TMAxJ*)0 STYLES withLARGEConcordanceSCOFIELD 1 83x. A large Bible with

type. large Maps.

81/8", PRICED FROM*/TO 65 Size%"only 5Vz"x

See these and other Oxford Bibles at your bookseller thick. Ultrathin India paOXFORD UKWERNITY PRESS peredges.withFrenchredunder-goldMorocco,

1 14 Fifth Avenue, New York 1 overlapping covers.

Black, $14.00

yuifasfters cf i&& J(w0 JamesJBt6le sikce 16J5

DECEMBER 1953 959 available to us in this great Church

Delbert L. Stapley continued of ours.

It applies to advancement in the receiving of our priesthood, for the the of shallwhich to Son shall come. goes on say the unworthy Man He

blessings, attendance in holy for.That day prepared be must to partake, forbidden otherwise be we they patriarchal

Alma, as he wrote to the people of shall eat and drink damnation to their temples for our sacred endowments and the great to challenge sealings. TheGideon, complimenting said has them for their souls. to us in our The Lord

is faithto live Saintsfaithfulness said of the Savior, let Latterday trespassed, if any day, "... have

live exemplary to fully, worthy, to be partake until reconnot he him makes doth dwell in he not temunholy And blessings of lives, the obtain thus and ciliation."(D. 46:4.) C. &ples; filthiness neither can or anything the accomplish that might they God,

is Apostle to said the Paul The uncleanWhich into received be the enjoy, this of destiny great and Church of therefore Saints:kingdom God; I say unto Corinthian you

the time shall come, yea, and it shall be as President McKay said yesterday, at the last day, that he who is filthy shall Wherefore whosoever shall eat this bread, "spiritual companionship with our remain in his filthiness. (Alma 7:21.) and drink this cup of the Lord, unworthily, eternal Father."

shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Brigham Young said, "The man or

Brothers and sisters, worthiness is beLord. woman who lives worthily is now in a

coming to the Saints of the living God. But let a man examine himself, and so state of salvation."The greatest wealth

The Lord in the Doctrine and Covelet him eat of that bread, and drink of that that can be given us, any of us, is nants counseled, through the Prophet, cup. eternal life in the presence of God, our

the people of his Church to "practise For he that eateth and drinketh unworthFather. There are no riches, in all the

ily, eateth to drinkethvirtue and holiness himbefore damnation and me."(38:24.) of riches the to that compare world

discerning not the Lord's body.If so, they all self, in do would walking in placed that eternity the way has God

this cause are sickly For weak and manyworthiness before Lord, the there would of us all.

11:27- (I sleep. you, and Cor. among many great strengthcome to his and power are there conditions; are certain There 30.) the of childrenwork among men. standards certain are there laws; certain

baptism, For expect every convert we if observed, are ideals; these is sisters, but brothers and Now, and what myto repent truly all forsake sins his and of state glory to and will a lead true of of worthiness in partaking they the

before receiving approve into the we him it to us be help exaltation. applies to sacrament, seems to me, God May of Christ. JesusChurch invite we When I all pray things, all in faithful worthy sacred the ordinances gospel and of the intopeople the Church, sure be must we of Christ. plan, the privileges Amen. Jesus in the sacred other and name lives areour to attractive worthy make

our invitation. I know there are those

desiring to come into the Church who look at Church members and wonder why they fail to keep the commandments when they themselves are reSixth Session, Sunday Morning, October 4, 1953 quired to do so before the sacred ordinance of baptism can be performed.

It is an individual responsibility. Surely

God will hold accountable those who violate sacred the ordinances and covehisnants of of The Kingdom of God kingdom. He requires

all who come into his Church to repent of all their sins.

brothers wondering* I am my and Is Here ifsisters, not approach we should every sacred ordinance or rite of the

I by George Q. Morrisgospel complete worthiness. with

also wonder if some of the mistakes peoASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE ple make are not because through inactivity or unworthily participating in DEAR BRETHREN AND SISTERS, I thank harmony and heaven. The feature persacred ordinances, they holy do not and is privilege for of this greatest of significance the the Lord MY obligatheir covenants, norrenew keep series of here this morning, with one token you pulpits*—a being hapsstand—this in force. testimoniestions, and this conferglorious of the priesthood of and during whole for here God,

We must always see and understand ence. I pray earnestly that the Spirit assembled this morning the authoritativeis

spiritual that forces underlie greatthe I all direct shall of last that of this in the servants presiding Lord may God all of gospel ordinances.the mechanics say. dispensation, of chosen him, men who

of ordithese appearance outwardThe I I as looked impressed to possess been have authority the have speak power and is eternal of their a but symbolnances this conaudience of out over been in the and almighty God. name

significance. always should This we of this great scious of the atmosphere of President speaking Richards As was

realize, again keep always must and we listened to impresthe Tabernacle and of situation relation our the world and obligations forcein covenants our and it, I sive exinspired testimonies feeling, and and to could not help though is opportunity God. ourwith That that given, it that hortations been have presumptuous seem and some may

as attend sacrament the usafforded we is this sacred historic truly this, offense, take an that and neverthemay sacraof holy the partakemeetings and for is building. a the less, nearly century spiritual this Here of capitol the

ment. of the has this preached been speaks to by world. here God From God is word It said, a sacrament that has been last of authority the proclaiming God, officially Authorities his are world, and

allegiance of to sacred, oath bindinga or of Fulness Dispensation Times. the this this in seated sacred Tabernacle, day

desert his leader one's not andobey this so building, In unique all is remarkable their the binding on word and true in the find thatstandard. We its absimple, structure, the in so with this calling are they world; world and

supper. Lord's of thesacrament The all gilded of sence the of ornamental and the to gospel repentance, accept to

this to Nephites the said onLord of great cathedrals, appointments Christ, humthe in the only Jesus power sacredness the emphasizingcontinent ble, brave, it, devoted will and and that will enable that save men world women this ordinance,of holy promito worship to have God. acceptable met shape One and men women

... ye shall not suffer anyone knowingly nent feature in this building is the lives before our Father in heaven. Men

to partake of my flesh and blood ungreat organ, and the choir seats, from and women by it are led to love the worthily, when ye shall minister it. (3 Ne. which, as the choir occupy them, the truth, to love God and to keep his

18:28.) glorious music comes, typical of {Continued on page 962)

960 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HE track foreman watches his has increased from 94,000 tons of ore men place long steel bars under the ties and waste material in 1926 to 225,000 and rails. He sees them dig in for levertons today.

age and brace themselves for the push. Because of these improvements the

Then he booms out, "Yo, Heave,"number of jobs for Utah people also has and the track moves about two feet. This increased. In 1926 there were about 3,300

is repeated over and over until the track employees in the Utah Copper family.

is again close enough to the hillside of Today, there are 5,600 employees.

low grade copper ore for the big steam The increased efficiency since 1926 is shovels to dig in, or make their cut. important. It has made possible the proThat was in 1926, and the action took cessing of ore containing as little as eight

place on one of the levels of Kennecott's pounds of copper to the ton. Being able

Bingham Canyon mine. to treat such low grade ore (once considToday, you see an entirely different ered waste material) has lengthened the

picture. life of the mine.

Bulldozers and road graders have reThese vast changes benefit all of us.

placed picks and shovels in setting and More Utah people have jobs. Payrolls

smoothing the track grade. An ingenious and supply purchases are larger. And

track shifter has taken the place of men bigger tax payments help meet the cost with steel bars to slide the track in of our schools and other government position. services.

Because of such machines, electric Industrial progress, as represented by shovels and locomotives, and hundreds the ingenious track shifters, has beneof other improvements, daily production fited us all.

KennecottVI&S8&S86&38&>Qgm>te5&*&%iW: Copper Corporation

"A Good Neighbor Helping to Build a Better Utah"

DECEMBER 1953 961 their heartpenetrating voices. He reGeorge Q. Morris Continued ceived their glorious instructions. That

swept away all the erroneous ideas, the commandments, and by their example organized church for them to see in false teachings and conceptions as to and by their word, spread this glorious operation during this seventeen hundred the identity and nature of God, and gospel. years of darkness and of night. There restored the true and living God to the

I have before me a very simple statewas, for perhaps a century or so, the knowledge of man. The second thing

ment from the Prophet Moroni, I think afterglow of a sunset as this night set was that new scripture was brought a statement of very great significance. in, a reflection from the ministry of forth. The Book of Mormon was given

He is addressing himself to this generathe Savior and his Apostles, but then to the world by the power of God, tion and all other generations where darkness came. Churches were estabcontaining a fulness of the gospel, which

gospel doctrines and teachings this idea prevails. lished called (as explains not by men of God

the teachings of the and substantiates said, the Apostle Paul a form "Having

And again I speak unto you who deny of godliness, but denying the power Bible and makes possible their correct interpretation. the of revelations Also Prophet the through that say they God, and thereof"doctrines [2 Tim. and 3:5]),

are that there are done away, revelano of revelations a Smith Joseph volume authority, formulated without were and tions, gifts, prophecies, nor healnor nor forth, today's containing brought was significant is that the thing and unhappy ing, speaking tongues, nor with the and his of instructions to Church. And God of doctrines prevailing the Christendom interpretation of tongues; third, restored priesthood then, the was this I spiritual their origin in found today you, Behold say unto that he denieth

exists his in in of God, which Church these things still not of knoweth the darkness. gospel perthey Unfortunately,

Christ; yea, he has not read the scripsist. all generations, and is the power of

tures; if so, he does not understand them. God which administers the gospel and

(Mormon 9:7-8.) But later on after what historians in manifests godliness to men in the flesh.

general agreement have called the Dark Without this priesthood the Church

That simple statement has tremendous Ages, when these doctrines were being of God does not and cannot exist.

implications. crystallized into creeds and manmade The absence of these three things had

That's the key to the history of churches were increasing, the dawn bebrought on the dark ages. They were

Christendom for seventeen centuries. gan to break. The first rays of light now restored, and the sun has again

Following the death of the apostles, appeared with the development of hurisen. The Church and kingdom of

religious leaders set up the principle man freedom and the enlightenment of God is here. Its sun is in the heavens

Renaissance, in the mind human all will seen to open by be persists to this who men which to the day—perhaps of discovery America with the and its light, see their to eyes here andthe best of their knowledge and underin America, the Promised center place of the tops Land—which in the Rocky revelation had ceased standing—that is its the providences had been held of God live help us to Mountains. God May and was finished, and that prophets and

its its principles doctrines proclaim and apostles past. things were of the And init wasreserve,his hiddendeclaredfrompurposemen, toon setwhichup lives our devote our itself and that means and is in definite conclusive and

proof that, so far as the world is con- a free government, so that he might reand all that we have and are to the cerned during seventeen hundred years, store again the kingdom of God to the establishment of this cause in the earth such was the case. For when revelaearth. And the sun arose, and the night for the happiness and the salvation of

tion is shut off, and when all the was past, and this Church, the Church mankind. I humbly bear witness that

preachers of religion (and this is and of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, Jesus is the Christ, the Redeemer of the was their wellnigh universal opinion) was set up in the earth. All this the world, and Joseph Smith was his

deny its existence, then the Church scriptures had clearly foretold. prophet, and through them this Church

and kingdom of God is not there, and Three very important things occurred. has come into existence and will conhas not been during this eclipse of I will mention them in just the moment tinue, and no power can stay it, for by

seventeen hundred years; and that is the of time remaining. First of all, and the power of God it will cover the

simple reason why men did not know most essential, God again revealed himearth, and Jesus Christ will come and what the gospel was, and why, conseself to man. The Father and the Son reign in the world. May God give us

quently, when they read the scriptures stood in the presence of a fourteenyear- power to be true to this great revelation they could not understand them beold boy and talked with him. He saw of truth, I humbly pray, in the name of

cause they are only understood by the these celestial Personages. He heard Jesus Christ. Amen.

spirit and power by which they were written. The ministrations of the authorized servants of God produce scripture; the scripture cannot produce authorized ministers of God, nor authority

to preach, nor are they bringing new revelations to a living Church. That

must be done by living oracles. Andthey were killed off. The world would PRAM

not accept them. The world would not by Matthew Cowley

accept the Lord Jesus Christ himself;

he was crucified. And then his Apostles, OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

chosen and sent out to preach the gospel to the world, in the main, met the trust, my brothers and sisters and erly chosen phrase or the well modusame fate. Revelation did cease, and friends, that I may be able to round lated voice.

the world went into an eclipse, a spir- I out my thoughts in a fluency of ex- I believe implicitly in the efficacy ofitual eclipse—seventeen hundred years pression that will carry conviction to prayer. Even as I stand before you I

of darkness. Men were left to themall of you who are listening. To enable believe in the power of God to instil

selves to do the best they could.5 But me to do that, I must plead for an within my heart those thoughts which

no man knows the gospel of Jesus interest in your faith and prayers. I may be for your benefit, or for at least

Christ by his natural wisdom, nor by the believe it was William Jennings Bryan the benefit of some of you who may be wisdom and learning of the world. It who once said that true eloquence is praying to hear something which you

must be taught by one sent of God. No from the heart to the heart, and not need.

man knew how the Church should be from the mouth to the ear. By that When President Richards was speakset up and organized, how its priesthood standard of eloquence, if there is any ing so eloquently, especially about the

should function, nor what priesthood is. eloquence in what I may say, I assure sanctity of the home and the solidarity

There was no priesthood operating for you that it will be the eloquence of the of the family, my mind raced back to them to see or be instructed by and no heart and not the eloquence of the prop- (Continued on page 964) 962 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -?**$>><, 6&/Z, <w**a8!U Cliifo Angel has the right idea! For the same reason you are particular

about your perfume, your manicure, your hair, you'll appreciate

TwinPly Chiffon Toilet Tissue! It's especially made for special

people... multirinsed in pure Cascade snowwater for added

softness, greater purity, extra absorbency. Next time you shop

yi choose snowywhite, specialquality Chiffon... especially made

to please particular people like you.

Crown Zellerbach Corporation 1953Bab4 Sbft. Ave/ Vare—7k"V> P/y.TtWce, SS Nice ggp

DECEMBER 1953 963 prayer from her heart to God that she

Matthew Cowley Continued might bear a child. And how earnest

she was in that prayer, so earnest, so my early childhood to a home which and listened to each one open up his sincere, that she said, "If God will give to me was sacred always, and to a heart and appeal to God for his susme this child, I will lend him to the family, the solidarity of which was pretaining influence and power to enable Lord for this life."(See I Sam. 1:11.)

served mostly by the family prayers. I Him to carry on as your servant in How well the mothers know that life

thank God that in my infancy I knelt His divine ministry. How high, brothers is eternal. How well she knew that in

in a circle, in a humble home, night and sisters, these men are raised when lending this child to the Lord for this and morning with my parents, my they are on their knees in a circle, life, that beyond and down through the brothers and sisters, and each in his claiming sanctuary from the outside ages of eternity, he would be her child, turn invoked the blessings of God upon world in God's holy temple. and she would be his mother. The

the family. I am grateful that I learned President Richards mentioned about Bible is full of great prayers and the

to pray in my infancy because I had servicemen being missionaries. It stories of great prayers.

only passed from infancy when I was brought to mind that statement which The prophets have all been close to called as a missionary to the uttermost we have heard, that an army marches God when they have been upon their bounds of the earth; I had just turned upon its stomach. I feel that the day knees; and that which they have said

seventeen. I was called to faraway is not far off when our armies will have in all of their greatness and power as

New Zealand, and in that mission I to arise from their stomachs and march they stood upon their feet was because was assigned, without a companion, to upon their knees. No iron curtain can they first had gone to their knees, and

one of the most humble places I have ever be drawn between heaven and then when they arose, God spoke ever seen in all my life, one of the most earth when the armies of men will through them. From Gethsemane to

povertystricken places, and in that litmarch upon their knees. The great Calvary, Christ was a living prayer. He

tle village, I had to pray. I was there marches of this nation, the great marches groaned within himself; he pleaded with

but a few days when a woman came of progress in the history of this counhis God; he had a wish that the cup

rushing to my room, and I have a pictry have been marches behind the might pass from him, but then he utture of that room—no floor, just the leadership of men who went to their tered those words which should attend

ground with a woven mat and a blanket knees. Never was George Washington every prayer offered up to heaven, "...

or two. She came rushing to that room as great, in all of his majestic power as not my will, but thine, be done."(Luke

and asked me to arise from my bed and 22:42.) And then on Calvary, as he

hurry to her little hut, and when I * * -X * * * -X was hanging upon the cross, he uttered there,arrived I found her companion PRAYER them;that prayerfor theyof knowprayers,not "Father,what theyforgivedo."the ground,lying on being consumed

by the fire of typhoid fever. All I By Lalia Mitchell Thornton (Ihid., 23:34.)

of heard the prayer the have I pray; kneltcould beside do was and We

to pray, last learned at have referred to this Prophet morning. I Here sufferingthat native prayed and to I selfish old the way. and Not lad believed in a a young who to heartGod, and him; opened up my Kneeling, penitent humble, was and

if promise that lacked any wisdom man believe theand I channel open; and was the Pitying stumble, ones who

then I placed my hands upon that good I can make my prayer this one: and would ask of God, it would be

brother; and with the authority of the Lord, today thy will be done. given to him; and in response to that

injunction took into himself that out he Ipriesthood as a held, which boy young

I to plead, once used Give me, grove, strucsuperficial the fromI away blessed restored to to health. be him

.need, Voicing momentary of tures lookdidn't stand and he men, next the wife morning againThe came it that Asking but be heeded,

into the ing heaven; he upon bowed "If said,to and anyroom have you my Careless as to whether needed;

where you desire to go, you are now Now at last I understand, bended knees of his body, and he offree to go; my husband is up."Putting all things in thy hand. fered up his prayer to God his Father to

clearness bring of vision to his mind, that on occasion another I remember

I learned, kneel, and when his to divest confusion the fromI mind all rode horseback long day and life or bring weal far WhetherI have woe reto there existed pertaining whichinto the to arrive vilat night a native I is unfailing, All faith need lage on the seacoast of New Zealand, That prayer is not unavailing, ligion. How can people doubt that

and when I arrived at a bay dividing If I truly trust, and say: God heard that prayer? Anyone who

the place where I had to stop and that Lord, thy will, not mine today. would question that God heard the

little village, I made a fire so that the prayer of that boy must believe that people across in the village would send * -X * -X -X -X -X the Father in heaven is cruel and shuts a rowboat to get me, and when that a soldier, as when he was upon his himself away from his children when boat arrived, I was taken across the bay, knees at Valley Forge. Never was they seek him. But he did hear that

and I walked through that village, and the great emancipator so great as when prayer, and as Elder Morris has menin every home there were cases of he was driven to his knees before tioned, the light burst from heaven;

typhoid fever. But I walked fearlessly, Gettysburg. And the greatness of this down through that channel of light

with my head erect, impelled by the nation, my brothers and sisters, has came the Father and the Son. Young

priesthood of God which I held, and been because men who have been people, if you prayed for your father in each of those homes I left the blesselected to high office in this country to come in your hour of need, would ings of heaven, and I laid my hands have never been too proud to go to he hide from you? Of course not.

upon the sick. And then I had to go their knees and invoke the power of Neither will our Father who is in

across the bay again and get on my heaven to sustain them in their great heaven hide from us who seek him out.

horse and ride all night long to arrive jobs and callings of leadership. God grant that we may always have

at another native village where there A prayer comes to my mind, and no the spirit of prayer in our hearts.

was sickness. more beautiful prayers were ever ut- I love to sit among these great men,

Brothers and sisters, we are at our tered than those uttered by our mothers. men who have a profound knowledge of

greatest, not only in the sight of God, I recall the prayer of Hannah. You the gospel of Jesus Christ. I will never

but also in our own sight when we are remember Hannah who wanted a child, have the knowledge of the principles upon our knees. We have heard and she went to the sanctuary to pray, of the gospel as profound as they have

tributes paid here to the leaders of this but her prayer was not audible. Her because I can't get myself past the first

Church, these great men who stand lips moved, but she said nothing that principles. But I know how to pray,

before you every six months and manicould be heard, and Eli thought that and I tell you no man knows himself fest to you their great leadership, but she was intoxicated, and he reprimanded until he has broken his heart before never have they been raised to greater her, but then she convinced him that God on his knees and pleaded for his heights of leadership than when I have that which she was doing was not forgiveness. How I enjoy my friends

knelt with them in the temple of God because of intoxication, but it was a who belong to Alcoholics Anonymous, 964 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

men who have descended so low in degeneracy that as one of them has said, they have to look up to see the bottom of the gutter. But then they discover

that there is a power beyond that canbring them help. In their meetings Holiday

they always offer this prayer, "God grant

I serenity to accept things the theme.. to the courage change,cannot change Note

the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference."But each one

testifies that he has opened his heart to God, and that deep down in the recesses of that heart, which has almost been blackened by lives thrown away with reckless abandon, he has found a spark of divinity, and that divine within has reached up for the divine beyond, and then there has come a regeneration of his life, and he is led back to sobriety.. But he continues to

pray. That he must never cease doing.

And I was talking to one of them recently who was a neighbor of mine during my childhood days right over here across the block, and he said to me, "You know, if I hadn't had the fortification of the prayers of my mother when I was a boy in that home, I am sure that even now my own prayers would not be heard. But I was fortified

by that mother's prayers, and down through the years as I went astray, I could never divest from my mind the # CLADt CANDY COMPANt #-SALT LAKE CITY, UTH image of my mother upon her knees, with her children, and asking God to bless us. Now I have turned my life

back to God,"and he said, "I hope to live to see the day when I can be worthy to go where my mother is."

Some people think it is a sign of weakness to get upon one's knees and pray to our heavenly Father. It's the From Church Headquarters to

greatest sign of strength that exists.

greater are they than when menNo Members Everywhere their in with knees communionare upon

God and having a sacred interview with him. God does not always answer

our prayers the way we want them anThe Deseret News "Church News"swered, but if the channel is open, I Brings Latterday Saints Together testify to you that he answers them the those they and should be answered,way are for our have Every week the "Church News"bringsanswers and best good an eternal and everlasting value. you official instruction and inspirational guidMy brethren in whose council I sit, ance from Church leaders. There is also

II are think God. you know men of

his news of worldwide Church activities, toof said the Master he when disciples, "You have not chosen me, but editorial messages and conference

I have chosen you and ordained you reports. The Presiding Bishop's

and set you apart."I thank you for Page gives important bulletins

your humility because in that humility you have been magnified. You have to officers. Bring the "Church

been called from the profession of the News"and its influence into law; you have been called from the your home. Mail this coupon

great field of education; you have been

called from industry. You did not below now for information.

choose him, but he has chosen you and is sending you forth, and as you go forth to the stakes of Zion and the wards of the Church, you carry with you the power of the apostleship, the power of the priesthood of God our

Father.

In humility I thank God for this association I have with you. God bless

you, and bless us all, as we minister to the people, under the inspiration of

God our Father, I pray in the name of

Jesus Christ. Amen.

DECEMBER 1953 965 And then as President McKay pointed out in reference to his great temptation.

After forty days you remember he came Come Unto Jesus back, and he "... returned in the power

by Adam S. Bennion of the Spirit..."(Ibid., 4:14) to carry

forward his great ministry.

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE In the last six months I have read been gospels. Having reread the and

leaders, to paid brethren our Tribute has been and McKay, myPresident I to him, a witness called to made be

I sisters, I is natter friends: but wouldn't them, and should a This and won- I begin resolution by that should my like express appreciation. to of Spirit conference. the derful an Would The fully little understand to a more coming

is to faith here; sustaining understand you your Jesus and whatLord come his remember message. You and him

is, life his of taught, pattern his to then fellowship power. add what Toand teaching and about that went "He

I life of to this the our beg to that contemplategether the witness you world we good."he doing and What

is I President. forty years For been Church. have God's he what preached—constitute preachingdid—and felt associated of his with and him have I should ungrateful be ungracious and let all, of me gospels. them Out the

is spirit. the Christian He manif I for did express appreciation not ideal—a ponder: well you ten may which name has translate to capacity into the who last six of blessings thethe In months. all, first of which Beatitudes, 1. The daily action of truths the sublime him career, these varied beena months have of the present one verses short nine in is of the Redeemer mankind. who elserich anything with beyond compare ever statements comprehensive most I privilege few weeks back the had A life. friends of kindlinessin The my world: the to given listening of choir, to like a this much of in throat kepthas a most lump my

choir of last today days. the and two spirit of in time, thethe what and their's spirit: for in poor the are Blessed It thrilled so their that singing me I said, justBrother has Cowley am of heaven. I is kingdom the

forget. cannot their have You sung to tohere today, the thanks answer for they that mourn: are they Blessed

its song; recall you wonderful words: is It toprayer. thing inspiring be an comforted. shall be

this officeordained the President by inshall for they are the meek: Blessed Jesus, of the very thought thee

seer,of this and earth. the herit fills sweetness breast: With ray toChurch—prophet,

forator. shallrevel never day I That and hunger do are which they far face But sweeter to Blessed thy see

get. And in thy presence rest. thirst after righteousness: for they shall be

But in the complications that attached filled.

to trying to leave one job and under Nor voice can sing nor heart can frame, Blessed are the merciful: for they shall

the pressure that attaches to this one, Nor can the memory find obtain mercy.

forI five A are the pure in heart: for they I lay brought low, and was O sweeterSavior ofsoundmankind!than thy blest name, shallBlessedsee God. pains unable I have to move.days had

for they life, peacemakers: are the Blessed thesein but I think my of hope every contrite heart, were a Oh

of God. children the shall be called little excruciating anything than more all of the meek, O joy

I had known. For the first time in my To these who fall how kind thou art! Blessed are they which are persecuted

life, I was wholly unable to move. Now How good to those who seek! for righteousness'sake: for their's is the

if Brother Lee will pardon this personal kingdom of heaven.

mention: he, with these other brethren, Jesus, our only joy be thou, Blessed are ye, when men shall revile

As thou prize our wilt be: shall say and persecute you, you, and ofare God. good enough was men He Jesus, be thou glory our for falsely, against now of evil you all mannerto into bear could home. come He my through And sake. my of witness helplessness,you and my of Clairvaux eternity.—Bernard for great glad: exceeding Rejoice, be and part, of pain. forin I asked him my persecuted for so is in heaven: reward your

ina blessing, gave he the which power sisters, brethren and out across My the you. before were prophets the which they

that is his. I am a living witness to tomorrows, in the problems that confront (Matthew 5:3-12.)

you today, and I bear my testimony you, I commend to you the life and the humbly and gratefully, the next mornthought of Jesus Christ. In these brief 2. The Golden Rule, than which there

ing, after a night's peaceful rest, I arose minutes all that I can hope to do is to has never been devised a better principle and walked. I bear you my witness give a glimpse of one or two things in for human relations or for the guidance

that God still administers in the affairs his life, a suggestion as to one or two of the individual life:

of men, and his servants bearing the things that he taught, and then the would ye whatsoever all things Therefore are greatestpriesthood our physicians. subsequent witness that to us comes beso ye even you, to do should that do men cause Latterday Saints. to that statesmanlike we are WhatWhen I listened prophets. is the for this the to law and them:

bringing this ever yourdeclaration of Brother morning have been, up may (Ibid., 7:12.)

[Stephen L] Richards, I wished that I whatever your circumstances may now might have the genius to draw upon be, please remember these things: 3. The Lord's Prayer, patterned for all

the same source of inspiration, to bring Jesus was born away from home, mankind, sung beautifully yesterday, to the individual member of this to be cradled in a manger. I think couched in sixtysix words:

Church some things I have been ponderonly the mothers here can fully aping in recent weeks. preciate what that means. He was born Our Father which art in heaven, Hallowed

Life was never meant to be a holithe Only Begotten of the Father, and be thy name.

day. It has its problems and its perif there may be those who have diffiThy kingdom come. Thy will be done

plexities and its crises. When we are culty in reconciling their understanding in earth, as it is in heaven.

children, we turn to our parents for that he was not born of Joseph, I beg Give us this day our daily bread.

sustaining help. Growing into maturof you to remember that he was to be And forgive us our debts, as we forgive

ity, we turn to our fellow men and our the Author of the resurrection, made posour debtors.

leaders. All my life I have turned to sible because of the divinity that was in And lead us not into temptation, but

is evil: the kingthine deliver For us from into him, born him, magnified and source other whichone I want source—a glory, for the power, the and dom, and all his existence. it. throughout toto you. have had You commend

(Ibid., 6:9-13.) Amen.

it child I the grew, "And will keep always and waxed ever. hope and you

it. filled in spirit, strongcherish with wisdom: and 4. The spirit of the Second Mile: grace him."(Luke was upon of God of mankind came to teach the The Master

us how to live, and he died that we 2:40.) I have always been impressed And whosoever shall compel thee to go

might be resurrected to live forever. I with his great awakening at twelve. a mile, go with him twain. (Ibid., 5:41.)

find my finest challenge, as I find my "And all that heard him were astonfinest hope, as I turn to him to ask, ished at his understanding and an- 5. His idea of forgiveness hinted in

'What would he have me to do?"swers."(Ibid., 2:47.) the phrase:

966 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Then came Peter to him, and said, Lord, how oft shall my brother sin against me, and I forgive him? till seven times?

Jesus saith unto him, I say not unto thee,

Until seven times: but, Until seventy times

seven. {Ibid., 18:2122.)

not, 6. "Judge that ye be not judged."

For. judge, with what ye judgment ye shall ey re goin<

be judged: and with what measure ye mete,

it shall be measured to you again.

And why beholdest thou the mote that is in thy brother's eye, considerest but not Yes, these young are men headed and women the is that in beam thine eye? own great careers scientific in a age, for they are wilt Or thou say to how thy brother, Let for

me pull out the mote out of thine eye; and, preparing themselves to assume those tasks reserved

behold, a beam is in thine own eye? for the trained, whether in agriculture, education,

first hypocrite, Thou cast out the beam business, religion, science, military or the profesout of thine eye; own and shalt then thou they have And chosen the fastest West's see clearly to cast out the of out mote thy sions.

brother's eye. (Ibid., 7:1-5.) growing university, for here they leam how to live

as well as how to make a living.

The clearing up of a catastrophe in thfe city in the last few days should bring a solemn realization to the men and women of this state and community that they ought not carelessly to have unjustly indicted two of the finest people in the world in the heretofore unsolved tragedy that shocked our state.

7. "... is, where your treasure

will 4 J* your heart also."be (Ibid., there *'% wm M 4L'6:21.)

8. "... seek ye first the kingdom of

God and his righteousness; and all these

things shall be added unto you."(Ibid.,

6:33.)

9. That challenging remark to all

parents;

Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them. (Ibid., 7:20.)

10. Already hinted here this morning

under our limitations of mortality, but the ideal is there:

Be ye therefore perfect, even as your

Father which is in heaven is perfect. (Ibid

5:48.) And I have named only ten. Would

you catch the spirit of them further,

I suggest that you compile reread and the thirtyodd parables. if Attend Your Church University—Register Jan. 4 then And

you want to be stirred, stirred all the -v.

way through, read with these parables, the same number of miracles, and you will come in some measure to catch the spirit of this great Soul. JF righam(3 YoungC3 Umvemttym/

It is singularly tragic that after all he did for the blessing of mankind, he should be led to Calvary. The Master of

mankind suffered the crudest death known to men. And whatever diffiour

culty may be, he can always stand by HOW MUCH WOULD IT COST and say without putting it into words,"All that you suffer, I, too, have suffered, TO REPLACE YOUR HOME?

and more."That is why it is so wonderful, as of one soldier friends my wrote The average carhome-owner todayme, out in the of wastes Alaska, against ries Let us check only your fire insurance. enough 40%the of odds military service, "It's so wonHe's thinking to his backward whatderful to always have valsomeone speak replacement

cost, property instead of to forwardover your shoulder understands."who

it. cost to it would REPLACE you. ues for That were for enough any but what man,

as Latterday Saints we have two other witnesses which I needn't take the time to expand. If anybody in all the worldshould appreciate the Master of manUTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

kind, it ought to be Latterday Saints. Heber J. Grant & Co., General Agents Salt Lake City

(Continued on following page) DECEMBER 1953 967 Adam S. Bennion Continued thingsbehold whichhe prayedhe prayedunto thecannotFather,be andwritten,the

and the multitude did bear record who

Here we have in our Book of Mormon And it came to pass that when Jesus had heard him.

the account of his appearance to those spoken these words the whole multitude fell And after this manner do they bear record: eye seen, neither hath never The hath it earth; the that for they remembered left six to thepeople had Old World who ear the before, heard, great so marvelous and prophesied that been had them among years before born, with he washundred things as heard Jesus speak and saw unto we after Christ himself should unto show them

earlier, far gonea remnant had who the Father; his ascension into heaven.

glory to the and appeared them, hehow tongue speak, no And neither can it can to pass that spake the And Lord came is after it all thatof appeared he he there written be neither by any man, can saying: unto them

it will read resurrected. been Youhad of the hearts conceive so great men and Arise forth that and unto me, come

If ye marvelous things as Third Nephi. want in you both heardone day saw and we thrust side, your into hands may and my speak; Jesus I and no conceive of one day, this can inspiredto and touched be also that feel prints ye of the the may

filled the joy souls which our at the time it to closes, turn before yousuggest nails in feet, in hands and that my my for heard pray we us him the Father. unto sit in I fancy ye chapter, that of Israel, and eleventh thethe know may God am

with that multitude who had gathered and the God of the whole earth, and have And it came to pass that when Jesus had of end made an praying slain for the unto been sins the of world. the him of have Bountiful, and land thein

Father, arose; he so but great the joy was it to And pass that came the declare himmultitude to becauseappear, he came of the multitude that they overcome. were forth, thrust their and into hands and went attended himself, Father the and

it to pass And that side, came his spake Jesus feel unto did and prints of the the saying, voice his heardthey them, arise. and bade nails in them his feet; in hands his and and

this they did do, going forth one they one arose by from And the earth, he and Son, Beloved in whom Behold my until all they forth, had gone see did said and unto Blessed them: are of because ye glorified I have in pleased, whom their I myam with eyes feel did their faith. and with your is behold, And joy now 11:7.) my Nephi him. (3 yewellname—hear hands, did and of full. surety a know did and

bear record, it that it was he, of whom there were that he said to pass when had these And words, it came he now And written the prophets, by that should of the was together, wept, the it, and multitude gathered bare of record multitude greata come. temple their little the took he about and children, of round Nephi, onepeople by

which was in the land Bountiful; and they And when they had all gone forth and one, and blessed them, and prayed unto the

were marveling and wondering one with had witnessed for themselves, they did Father for them.

cry out with one accord, saying: to another were showing oneanother, and And when he had done this he wept Hosanna! Blessed be the which change marvelous great andthe name of the again;

Most High fall they God! did And place. down takenhad he spake And unto multitude, the and at feet the of Jesus, did and worship him. this about also conversing were they And said unto them: little Behold your ones. (Ibid., 11:1-17.) sign been of the had Christ,Jesus whom as they to looked And they cast behold his death. concerninggiven their eyes towards heaven, they and the if saw are And inspired you to little a do were it to while they that pass came And heavens open, and they angels saw this reading more evening, same turn they another, with conversing onethus it descending out of as in heaven the were to over the seventeenth chapter: of if it heaven; out as voice cameheard a fire; of midst they and came and down

for about, their cast round eyes theyand little encircled those ones about, they and ye that Have sick are any among you? they voice the which not understoodthey encircled were fire; about with the and Bring hither. them are that ye Have any it neither voice, harsh aheard; not was and angels did minister 17:7- (Ibid., unto them. lame, or blind, halt, or or maimed, it notvoice; nevertheless, and loud awas or 24.) leprous, or that are withered, or that are it it did voice small being awithstanding

deaf, or that are afflicted in any manner? center, the to that,pierce hear did them to all this the Add manifestation of Bring I hither them will and heal them, of their part that there noinsomuch was this to the Jesus same boy Prophet in I have compassion upon you; bowels it yea, for my to quake; cause did that notframe

it did pierce them to the very soul, and did are filled with mercy. our own day. Remind yourselves of that

cause their hearts to burn. For I perceive that ye desire that I should great vision:

show unto I you what have done unto it pass to heard that again they came And

I length At to the conclusion that came your brethren at I Jerusalem, for see that it not. understoodthe voice, they and

I either in must darkness remain conand faith is your sufficient I that should heal did they the third hear again time And fusion, I else or directs, as must do James you.

their ears to hear did voice,the open and is, that I ask of to at length God. came it to pass that And came he whenit; had their the sound eyes towards were and the to determination of "ask conGod,"thus all spoken, the multitude, with one tosteadfastly lookthereof; did they and if cluding that to he that gave them wisdom accord, did forth go their sick with and the sound heaven, whencewards from lacked liberally, wisdom, give and would afflicted, their their and lame, their and withcame. I upbraid, not venture. and might blind, their and with all dumb, with and the third did time they unbehold, And So, this, in accordance with determinamy that afflicted them were in any manner; they voice thederstand heard; which and I tion to of ask retired to the God, woods he and did heal every as them one theyit said them: unto It to the attempt. the make was mornon were brought forth unto him.

I in Son, Beloved Behold of ing beautiful, a clear am my whom in early the day, all, they did And they both been had who I glorified in pleased,well have of spring eighteen whom my twenty. and hundred healed and they were whole, who bow him. ye It first life I the in time was that had myname—hear at his feet, down did and worship him; it to pass, as they understood came And all for such attempt, an amidst made my as and as could for many the come multicast theirthey eyes again towards heaven; up I anxieties as never yet atthe had made tude kiss did feet, his insomuch that they they behold, descendingand out a saw to vocally. Man tempt pray did bathe his feet their tears. withof in heaven; clothed a he and white was I retired After I to the place had where it And to pass came that herobe; in stood he commanded and the and came down go, previously to designed looked had having that their little children should be brought. ofmidst of the them; eyes the whole and I alone, around finding me, myself and

multitude turned were him, they upon and they little their So brought children and kneeled offer to the and began up down durst their not open to mouths, set even one them the upon down ground round of I desire to heart scarcely God. had my

itanother, wist not for and what meant, about him, Jesus in stood and the midst; so, I seized done immediately was when

itthey thought angel that was apan the had till and multitude gave they had way entirely by upon power which some overcame peared unto them. all been brought unto him. me, and had such an astonishing influence

And it came to pass that he stretched forth And it came to pass that when they had over me as to bind my tongue so that I could his hand and spake unto the people, saying: all been brought, and Jesus stood in the not speak. Thick darkness gathered around

Behold, I am Jesus Christ, whom the midst, he commanded the multitude that me, and it seemed to me for a time as if prophets testified shall come into the world. they should kneel down upon the ground. I were doomed to sudden destruction.

And behold, I am the light and the life And it came to pass that when they had But, exerting all my powers to call upon of the world; and I have drunk out of that knelt upon the ground, Jesus groaned within God to deliver me out of the power of

bitter cup which the Father hath given me, himself, and said: Father, I am troubled this enemy which had seized upon me, and

and have glorified the Father in taking because of the wickedness of the people at the very moment when I was ready to upon me the sins of the world, in the which of the house of Israel. sink into despair and abandon myself to

I have suffered the will of the Father in all And when he had said these words, he destruction—not to an imaginary ruin, but

things from the beginning. himself also knelt upon the earth; and to the power of some actual being from

968 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

the unseen world, who had such marvelous power as I had never before felt in any alarm, of great at this moment light exactly over of mybeing—justI saw a pillar

head, above the brightness of the sun, which descended gradually until it fell upon me.

It no sooner appeared than I found myself delivered from the enemy which held me bound. When the light rested upon

I Personages, whose brightness saw twome all description, standing 0e glory defyand above me in the air. One of them spake

unto me, calling me by name and said,pointing to the other "This is My Beloved fruit%

Son. Hear Him!"(P. of G. P., Joseph

Smith 2:1317.)

We have his record in the gospels.

We have his visitation in Third Nephi.

And our Church rests upon the fact RICH with that he has come to declare the everin ourlasting to us gospel day and to Plump and Meaty it. that I give witnessrestore you my

he has so restored it. I join with these

brethren here, the honor of whose asRaisins sociation I have from week to week, in that testimony. New among them, I A moist, mellow

bear you witness they are strong men; delicious Fruit cake

they are men of God; and you can with

full heart sustain them. for the Holidays

I always face a group of people like easy to make.

you, wondering when this conference is all over what you will do. Today I

suggest to you, as a sort of Christmas Use Plump and Meaty Raisins, SEGO Evaporated thought, that this time you do something Milk, Purity Graham Crackers and other simple there four gospels it. In the about are ingredients from your grocers. all told. eightynine chapters only With

or in three short of the ones tucked two RECIPE really day, the catch would one if you spirit of this conference, I suggest that Line with waxed paper bottom and sides of a 5-cup loaf or tube pan you read one chapter of the gospels Put into a bowl and let stand until needed..

devotedly, day; each do it and if you

great y2 cup Evaporated Milk 3 tbsps. orange juice these read again have you will

witnesses by Christmas time. And come 16 marshmallows, finely cut

Christmas this year, Santa Claus will Put into a large bowl..

to Jesus, not crowd out and the be able day. In 4 doz. 2y2 "graham crackers, % cup walnuts, will a holy holiday become

the few minutes that it takes, morning rolled into fine crumbs broken is % or night or program own noon my % tsp,tsp. cinnamonnutmeg Y$ cupfinelycandiedcut pineapple,. least of these chapters to read at one

cherries, tsp. cloves 1/3 cup candied Ye I close before the night each

cut finely dates, finely cut cup great y2 spiritualday—youenthe will find key to

richment. Better it were if you would 1 cup seedless raisins, preferably 2 tbsps. candied orange

read the chapter together as a family, y2 dark and y2 light peel, finely cut and I give you the promise that if you do it, not only will this Christmas be Add milk mixture. Mix with

of glorious, day but every made your spoon, then with hands till of these life will the spirit also catch sacred words. crumbs are moistened. Press

Now in the resolution of your heart firmly into pan. Top with fruit

let me challenge you: and nuts. Cover tightly. Chill 2

Ninety and nine are with dreams content, days before slicing. Keep in

But the hope of a world made new cool place.

Is the hundredth man who is grimly bent

On making that dream come true.

God put it in your heart, out of 160 Fresher million people in America, to be the hundredth man who brings himself and because they're his family close to the Master of manTwice-Sealed kind, the guide and the inspiration of us all, into whose presence one day we 1953 hope to return, with all the loved ones whom he has redeemed. I pray his VAGIM PACKING COMPANY

blessings upon you, in his holy name. Fresno, California

Amen.

DECEMBER 1953 969 Seventh Session, Sunday Afternoon, October 4, 1953 regardingportant scripturesthe homeandandinstructionthe family.to us

The Lord made it clear it is not good for man to be alone. Woman was

created as a helpmeet for man, and the in the sacred bonds of eternal one flesh. Strengthening the twomarriageunitedbecome

"What therefore God hath joined together,"said he, "let not man put

all love shalt thy thy wife with "Thou American Home heart,asunder."(Mark 10:9.) Then later, shalt cleave her unto and and

by Ezra Taft Benson none else."(D. & C. 42:22.) How we

need that counsel today in America!

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE What heartaches could be avoided if men would only heed that counsel wholeheartedly. How much less un-

I extend the infidelity hand faithfulness there and would brethren,Humblyren andand sistersimploringly,and myfriends,breth-I of Withfellowshipall my toheartthese, live my admonition. by that be if we could

approach this very difficult, but and I am sure, as I do so, I am but Then as though to strengthen further challenging task. I trust that I may echoing the feeling of all the other the marriage bond in the home, the

have an interest in your faith and brethren in the councils of the Church, Lord gave instructions to children prayers and be favored with the sweet as well as the entire Church memberthrough his prophets. The Apostle

influence of the Holy Spirit. ship. Paul, echoing the admonition of Moses

I rejoice in what we have just witBrethren and sisters, this has been a on Sinai, said, nessed, in the call of these three noble glorious conference. I have received a

men to fill vacancies in the councils of great spiritual uplift. No, we have not Children, obey your parents in the Lord:

the Church. This is but typical, my heard anything particularly new. I for this is right.

brothers and sisters, of what is going recall some years ago a young fellow, Honour thy father and mother; which

on throughout the Church in the a Mormon boy, returned from sacrament is the first commandment with promise;

father, as meeting, stakes, missions, and weeklywards, he met his and who mayestThat liveit maylongbeonwellthe withearth.thee,(Eph.and6:1-3.)thou assign- a high to posicouncil out had been onthe calling and of men women

his -reresponsibility. son, said of to ment,tions the him, "Well, dad Always in revelation, the then modern And

it is is did enjoy the a you meetsacrament the same.sponse how To me it clear parents that very Lord has made

it replied, ing?""Well, miracle anynot duplicated Dad, was Hemodern responsibilities. great serious have and

it I pretty meeting. earth. to a good the However,where was happy upon am to Listen as these speaks the words Lord

I of echoes, the reechoing brethren. these echoing them muchwelcome know to of the parents the Church:

it still all. I love a grand but meeting."them. was

I have loved Brother Richard L. We have heard discussed some of the And they shall also teach their children

Evans since I first became acquainted old virtues. We have heard admonito pray, and to walk uprightly before the

with him years ago. He is loved by the tions pertaining to eternal principles. Lord. (D. & C. 68:28.)

is thisentire nain loved presented have Church. by a little been They He

... again, teach as parents inasmuch And for setting, different differenttion, years has with a because he had emphato of the doctrine not understand them sis, in influence audience. the has there verynational but His has been main

faith of repentance, in the the Christ Son little of but, borders oh, America. the new, thereached beyond need we how gift living of the baptism and God, and

And I would like to say this to him: admonitions which have been presented. the Holy Ghost by the laying on of theof

Brother Evans, you now enter upon the I would to God that every man, woman, hands, when eight years old, the sin be sweetest association known to men in and child in this nation and throughout upon the heads of the parents. (Ibid.,

this world, the association which you the world might have been listening to 68:25.)

will have with your brethren of the the counsel that has been given.

First Presidency and the Council of Now, as we leave the conference and That is a serious responsibility, and I the Twelve. There is nothing in this go our various ways, how are we going believe, my brethren and sisters, the

world in the associations of men so to implement the instructions that have early history of this Church clearly sweet and so satisfying. I know that been given, what are we going to do indicates that our grandparents, the piomore deeply today than ever before, to see to it that this counsel does not neers of these valleys, in fact, the

particularly since I have been away fall unheeded? As I think of the most Pilgrims, who came and settled this

since last December, and yet at times, effective way of implementing this coungreat American continent, honored these though I have been miles away, I have sel, I turn, my brethren and sisters, obligations and were blessed in their feltprayers—theeven nearerfaiththroughand prayerstheir faithof andmy naturally,the Americanto ourhome,mostbecause,basic institution,after all, it homesI realizefor so thatdoing.many changes have

brethren. is still our greatest and most primary come about in the last fifty to seventy-

I love Brother Brown. I have known educational institution. It is, in very five years. Our industrialization, spehim for many years. I was closely asdeed, the center of our economic, social, cialization, concentration of populations

sociated with him in Europe right after and cultural interest. The home is the in great cities, the great reduction in

the war, and he is loved by the people bulwark of the nation and our most the number of people living on farms, of the British Isles, the Saints of Europe, fundamental and basic institution. the change in our agriculture—all these

and the servicemen all over the Church, Unless as parents, we can go back have had their effects. Greater emphato whom he rendered such great servinto the homes of the Church and sis upon material things and the seeking

ice during the last war. I had the carry these instructions with a deterafter money, after pleasure, personal

privilege of serving as a counselor to mination to put them into effect at our gratification, and the insidious inroads his older brother, Scott B. Brown, in own firesides with our own children, of liquor, tobacco, and gambling—all

the Boise Stake, who now serves as a this conference will not have been fully these have had a pullingaw ay influpatriarch there. Hugh B. Brown comes effective. ence on this most sacred institution, the

from one of the great families of the Marriage, the home, and family are American home.

Church. sacred institutions. They are not manIt is difficult to realize that fifty years

I have not known Brother Marion made. Thank God for that. They are ago there was only one divorce in sixHanks intimately, but I have watched divine. The first marriage performed teen marriages here in America. By

him with great interest and considered was the marriage of two immortal 1946 the ratio had increased to one in him one of the most promising young beings. Following the consummation three, and it is reported in some cities

men in the Church. of that marriage, the Lord gave imin America, there are actually more

970 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA divorces each year than marriages. Our

best authorities indicate that most of the delinquency in America is the result of broken, bad, and neglected homes.

As J. Edgar Hoover, one of the best

authorities has indicated, referring to delinquents, "The actions of the majority of them were, and are, directly related to the conduct of their parents."

Yes, crime begins at home.

Now, my brethren and sisters, as

Latterday Saints, what should be done?

What can be done? I am sure we all

agree that no nation ever rises above its homes. This Church will never rise

above its homes. We are no better as

a people than are our firesides, our homes. The school, the church, and

even the nation, I feel confident, stand helpless before weakened and degraded homes. The good home is the rock

foundation, the cornerstone of civilization. It must be preserved. It must

be strengthened.

There has never been and there never will be a satisfactory substitute for the home established by the God of heaven.

If this nation is to endure, then the home must be safeguarded, strengthened, and restored to its rightful importance.

May I suggest, in the few moments remaining, five simple things that, I believe, we might well give attention to, as some of the needs of our homes today:

First Whs? Jc///e's

ren and ofsisters—andall, I am convinced,this is no myreflectionbrethon our devoted mothers, who spend

day after day, week after week, obediently serving their families—but I

feel sure that one of our greatest needs is more time of parents in the home.

Youth of the Church and of the nation need more than physical comforts. Wewill need to leave them more than IE NAPKINS

lands and stocks. They need more than

a modern automobile and a lovely modern building to live in. There is Triflfe it

no satisfactory substitute for mother, and no one can take care of her children as she can. No socalled social

obligations, social enticements, or out- i* side interests should impel any mother is mmmto neglect sacred the charge which hers of caring for her own flesh and blood. Her first loyalty in the eyes

of family. and her is to her Church God ZEE LUNCHEON... Regular Size

I feel civic confident that while and social activities may return much good, Choice of white, green, peach, or she will serve her community and her nation best, if she first devotes herself yellow.

to the needs of her own children. ZEE DINNER... King Size

Second, and this was emphasized this morning by Brother Cowley, we need Snowy white... extra heavy... in

daily in devotion the need home. We beautiful embossed design. toto return practice of the family

prayer, secret prayer, the oldfashioned CHIFFON... Twin Ply

practice of devotion in the home daily, night and morning, the singing of Facial tissue quality, luxury emhymns, the reading of the scriptures.

How much more happiness there would bossing. Extra large... double thick.

be, how many fewer divorces there would be, if these simple practices were CROWN ZELIERBACH CORPORATION 1953 followed as was the custom in the pioneer home, as well as in the early days of this country, according to the diaries of our early founders. USE THE NAPKINS THAT ARE ALWAYS FRESH - PRACTICALINEXPENSIVE! L

I Third, of the great think one needs USE 'EM 3 TIMES A DAYSAVE WORK -TOSS 'EM AWAY! is life's parental instruction in more

(Continued on following page) DECEMBER 1953 971 has been imposed in us. May we alEzra Taft Benson continued ways keep in mind that these spirits

that have entered our homes are choice problems. I know there is a tendency More time of parents in the home spirits. Many of them have been born

for parents to shrink from this responsiDaily family devotion in the home under the covenant. As we look into

bility, the instructing of their own chilParental instruction in life's problems their faces and contemplate their needs, dren in the problems of sex, the Family recreation and cultural activiwe might well consider that some of relationship with other young people, ties together them were probably choicer spirits up the problem of dating, and all of the A closer parentchild relationship there than we were. It is a grave remany temptations that confront a growsponsibility. May we not shirk it.

ing boy and girl. These instructions May we be faithful to this great obliGod bless us in our homes and in all

should not be left to the school or to gation of parenthood, this sacred obligaour worthy endeavors. May we carry

a class in sociology. The safest place, tion, that we may build our homes with us from this conference the inthe best place, to give this vital counsel, solidly upon eternal principles, that structions given and put them into practhese sacred instructions, in matters of we may have no regrets. May we never tice in our homes I humbly pray, in the

moral purity should be in the home on be recreant to the great trust which name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

a basis of confidence between parent and child. As parents, we should instruct our children. The sacred books

of the ancient Persians say: "If you

would be holy, instruct your children, because all the good acts they perform will be imputed unto you."

Fourth, I believe there is a great need, my brethren and sisters, for familyrecreation and cultural activities toFAITH gether. things do We should together by Bruce R. McConkie as a family. a reduction It may mean

in participation in women's clubs, in OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY men's clubs, but if families could only activitheirseek recreation cultural and it is privilege, for has ple religion, been in the revealed that seven myties unit, as sure a family more I am it all First to serve righteousness, now, the of that foundation on ITyearsthat benefits blessings untold and would of of Council the taught principle Seventy is a with power. Elder He little accrue. asked only boy was A

I is L. faith Evans, assurance think the and I which can that men lastthis after said summer, he he was Richard

going to a summer camp, "What is a certify to you from personal knowledge, have of the existence of things which summer camp?"And he answered, born of that association, that Brother they have not seen, that it is the moving

"Those places where little boys go for Richard is a man of great ability and cause of all action in intelligent beings, mother's vacation."Let us take more devotion to the cause of Christ. He and that it is the first great governing

of our vacations together as families. supports and sustains the brethren and principle which has power, dominion,

Can we have a weekly evening at home, the programs of the Church, and, I am and authority over all things.

as has been admonished and counseled persuaded, has a great mission to perHe gave this formula whereby men for years by the First Presidency of the form in his new and high calling. may exercise faith in God unto life and

Church? More wholesome activities to- I think, perhaps, there is scarcely a salvation:

gether is a great need of the families of name in the Church more widely known First, we must believe in God, and

America. and heralded than his; and in the field that means in the true and living God,

And fifth, we need a closer parentof his especial talent and assignment, the Being who actually exists and is child relationship. This is closely rethat of radio, he approaches as near the our Father in heaven, in whose image

lated to the other four matters. One of indispensable man as any man could. we are created, and who by his grace

the greatest needs of our young people For myself, and I am sure, speaking and because of his desire to see his is a closer, more frequent companionalso for the other members of the Counchildren gain salvation, appeared in our ship with father and mother. There is cil, we are pleased with the selection day, with his beloved Son, to usher in

no satisfactory substitute. I was thrilled this has been made and give him, as this great work.

some time ago, as I picked up a paper we do all the brethren who sit on this It is not sufficient to believe in a in the East and read an account of a stand, our united support and love and god of wood or stone, one that has letter which a rich industrialist had sent affection. been created by men, or to believe in

to his son, his sixteenyear-old boy, as Brother Hugh B. Brown and Brother the god described in the creeds that

present. coulda This Christmas man I yet, as created have been Hanks, have not D. do men. by Marion know We

his that son given anythinghave money if to are rest of to get to truth the these well, brethren, the have but with we

I a automobile, yacht,could buy—an faith. I all a of extend you, with and welcome

ifguess, the wished. But boy he when is It truth. of Faith fellowship. founded on was hand

his Christmas from roomcame down if it I that, for said ye in heart have "... have someAlma had who my

to the over mantel wentmorning and if for are faith Spirit things utnot time, the ye give hope which would me his present, usually foundwhere he true,"seen, are direction, to say terance 32:21) a which few words and (Alma envelope, plainthere envelope a an was

so, truth, this there great faith that in without be conference about and can no it, it his he openedwith on and name faith. life leads to salvation and and which read:and

faith requisite in gaining second can without be saved The no which man "To my dear son: in the kingdom of God. is to have a correct idea of the character,

"I give to you one hour each weekday Briefly, speaking in outline form only, perfections, and attributes of God. The

and two hours of my Sundays to be yours I would like to suggest: Prophet summarizes the character of

to be used as you want it without interFirst, what faith is. God in these words, and I think every

ference of any kind whatsoever. Second, how faith may be gained. member of the Church ought to mem-

"Lovingly, And third, the test whereby it may be orize them:

"Dad."known whether we have gained faith First, that he was God before the

As I read that, I thought, what a wise in sufficient measure to justify a hope world was created and the same God father, and what a fortunate son! Yes, of life and salvation. that he was after it was created.

that is what they need. The Prophet Joseph Smith taught, as Second, that he is merciful and graGod bless us, my brethren and sisters, may be found recorded in the Lectures cious, slow to anger, abundant in goodthat we may give personal attention on Faith—which lectures I commend to ness, and that he was so from everlasting

now to these vital matters: all men—that faith is the first princiand will be so to everlasting.

972 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Third, that he changes not, neither is there variableness with him, and that his course is one eternal round.

Fourth, that he is a God of truth and cannot lie.

Fifth, that he is no respecter of persons;

And sixth, that he is love.

Then the Prophet gives the attributes of God, also six in number, as follows:

knowledge, faith or power, justice, judgment, mercy, and truth. The perfections of God are given as the perfections

which attach to the attributes of his nature.

Then the third requisite for gaining faith unto life and salvation is so to live that we have the actual knowledge that the course of life we are pursuing is in harmony with the divine will.

I suppose there are many people in the Church who have a measurable knowledge of the attributes of God. I

think there are even more who have a correct idea of his character and of his perfections. And I am sure that nearly

all, perhaps all in the Church, believe in him as the personal Being who actually lives. But the place where we

fall down in acquiring faith, faith unto life and salvation, is in that we do not Delight the youngsters.

order our lives in such a way that we have the assurance that our conduct Decorate cereal with Santa Claus.

is in harmony with the divine will. Easy! Cut Marshmallows with scissors.

Faith comes by righteousness, and Leave shiny red peeling on apple slices.

without righteousness and obedience we cannot have the measure of faith that will save us.

the test whereby be it may Now is Make holiday breakfasts funwith faith whether do have weknown very simple. It is the eternal truth

proclaimed by the Lord when he said:

"And these signs shall follow them thatbelieve."(Mark 16:17.) If we have WHEAT HEARTS

faith, there will be signs. If there are

faith. signs, there is nono Where

gifts This creamy hot cereal... this cereal is faith, will therethere be the

of the Spirit; there will be the ministerwith the wonderful toasted wheat germ Contains Wheat Germ

ing of angels and the working of mirgoodness... has nourished children

is faith,acles. there will there Where penny 3 Serving

prophets; will there be and adults in the West for 4 genera1be apostles and

it love tions. Kids hundreds adults by authority of the priesthood; therethe 3 mjnutes to cookwill be the knowledge of God and flavor. for 1 favorite to it a 2 the voted

organization of the kingdom of God on earth. Contains wheat germ. Many doctors

Now, I suggest to you that faith is recommend Wheat Hearts because this great foundationthe which upon we cereal contains times wheat germ—6

faith in faith build: God,must

itself. It helps whole than in more wheat faithChrist, restored in truth the and

in the living oracles who direct the promote growth, good appetite, strong kingdom under the Lord in our day. bodies. Adults benefit, too. Older folks

By faith all things can be done. especially find Wheat Hearts a good

There is nothing too hard for the Lord, and if we have faith, we can do whatway to help build up energy and vigor.

ever is requisite, according to his mind Enjoy it every morning. Queen Bess

and will. By faith the worlds were pattern silverware coupon on box. # /

made; by faith the elements can be controlled, rivers turned out of their courses,

mountains removed. By faith we can

have angels minister to us, see our sick healed, and the dead raised; and Sperf &%what is more important than all this, Us

by faith we can live so as to become the sons of God and be joint heirs with

Jesus Christ, entitled to receive and inherit and possess, as he has done before, the fulness of the kingdom of the 0;WHEAT HEARTSFather.

In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. "SPERRY.""BETTY CROCKER"AND "WHEAT HEARTS"ARE REGISTERED TRADEMARKS OF GENERAL MILLS. INC.

DECEMBER 1953 973

side the Church, nevertheless, when we engage in marriage with them our divine destiny is imperiled!

To preserve the family relationship here and hereafter is one of the great and important purposes of life and of

The Greatest of All Gifts theand gospel.associationsThathereaftersuch relationshipsshould be

possible, is consistent with reason. All

righteous parents, all righteous people have a natural, inborn desire to assoby EIRay L. Christiansen ciate forever with those whom they love,

but it is consistent also, my brothers

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE and sisters, to believe that we must conform to the laws of God which make such associations possible! This is

clearly stated in the revelations that remember that we used to come in active and that they are living the have come to us in this day. I read

from the mission field, and somehow gospel and doing all the things they from the 131st Section of the Doctrine

I we gave a ten minute talk each time were asked to do in the temple, has been and Covenants:

the conference convened, and for three satisfying, indeed, to me.

times in succession, somehow, I was in The picture of these young couples In the celestial glory there are three heavens or degrees;this position—the very last speaker beexpressing their joy and happiness in

fore the summary remarks of President their associations and in their anticipaAnd in order to obtain the highest, a

Grant. On one occasion I felt to say tion of eternal joy can be contrasted man must enter into this order of the

this: that I had never had a headache with one case that came to my attenpriesthood [meaning the new and -everto speak of, I had never had a pain, I tion. A young woman of our Church lasting covenant of marriage]

had never been to the hospital, but I wrote me a letter asking for advice. She

knew what it meant to suffer. I have said, "I was born in the Church, but I And that is what we are speaking of:

experienced that, to a degree, during fell in love with a fine young man who And if he does not, he cannot obtain it.

the past three days. did not belong to our Church. We deHe may enter into the other, but that

I think in all my experience in temple cided finally that we would marry. As is the end of his kingdom; he cannot have

work, where four thousand couples knelt we talked it over, we decided that even an increase. (D. & C. 131:1-4.)

before the altar at which I officiated, though our religious beliefs were enthe most thrilling thing was to have the tirely different, neither of us would imDeath does not separate husbands and parents, the brothers and sisters, and pose our beliefs or practices upon the wives who are united by the power of the inlaws, in addition to the friends other, that we would leave each other our Father in heaven in his holy temassembled in the temple on the day of free to worship and to believe as each ples. It does not take the children from

the marriage of their loved ones who had saw fit."She said, "This went along the parents because these children are

achieved so much in the early years all right until our baby came. When born under the covenant and the parof their lives and had prepared and I wanted to have it blessed in our ents have a right and a claim on them

qualified themselves to come into the Church, or branch (she was in a farin the life hereafter.

house of the Lord, and there receive away city at the time), my husband President Brigham Young made this their great and eternal blessings. It objected, and he had the support of very clear when he said:

if his insisted others that to to that intend mother be andseems we who me have a a and woman "When man child their in families our as christened associate church. be astogether and

sealtheir received and endowments is it is life heart broken."to that necesin the her come, She endedsuch My ings, children unto born then had and letter little this forsary to in question, get experience with us a would "What are children afterwards, those them

I suggest?"earth. together you herebeing while on

all to heirs legal to the kingdom, and

I to Well, to Brother speak Benson was hear glad dumbfounded knowwas are its blessings they promises, and and to activities, I at suggest in that point her recreationalof but what family this earth."are that the only ones on

sisters. I experience, fitting brothers the for place thatthink and most my

195.) p. (Discourses Young, Brigham of

is surely thought, the to along of infamilies the gather somewhere temples

I to say persons me, Yet, have heard line If of failed suggest so, us to will often some Lord. they hadour do

just marsurely, not want a would God it to this to to advise counsel will -help in and and keepenough, young them life, I this riage and to with terminate this before intoline spiritual she got long in of of a and duty frame woman does Lord them. agreed with have The cirsituation. like is like in others She, attitude conducivemind and which

is be. to he that That why not want cumstances, everythat living.to thought successful had

eternal of this principle instituted has

I later."It pleasing, thing could say, out be to always "worked have was here to given has marriage and man

is I shall said say to today with parentsthe the temple with come What authority, power, the the earth the upon

I getting others that avoid as atheir children. hope have now, may And earth the seal to the keys upon and difficult this I situation into invisited a stakes missions, such been have and

it ratified the in sealed and have and lives their in satisfied event in heart important verygreatly and made my 132:3-8.) C. (See heavens. D. & a in of choosingto of that rejoice marthese companion because same many

young couples have come to me and riage. How will this young woman now Yes, he is a God of order, not of conwith happiness written on their faces, obtain the blessings that are promised fusion. He has said that all who would

a blessing must obey at his hands have to children faithful the were remember of God? yousaying: "Do How us? We

is that blessing the law upon which blessings? are obtain her eternal will she temple. our in the Thesemarried

children. Aren't they wonderful?"How will she be assured the association predicated, and so all of us who would

Such an experience has been mine in of her husband and of her children have the association, one with the other every stake where I have yet gone as and of others that are dear and close to hereafter, must receive it through the well as in every mission that I have her? obedience to the law which makes it

visited. To have those young people, Parents, bishoprics, and all agencies possible.

after having gone to the temple, living in the Church, and officers and teachers My, what disappointment, what regret, now as they should and active in the in the various classrooms are responsiblie what remorse will be felt by those of

Church, even though they may be atto see that boys and girls do not get so us who should, because of neglect or tending some university far away from far away from us that they marry out indifference, fail or refuse to enter into home, come and make a sort of report of the Church. Even though there are the marriage covenant according to the

that they are doing well, that they are fine, wholesome, wonderful people outway God has designed it! To refuse to

974 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA enter into such a covenant would end with this life, the associations as husband and wife.

If, after we have received our endowments in the temple and have entered into the covenant of marriage, werefuse to do what the Lord has pre- *604,0 scribed that we do, live according to his laws and "abide in my covenant,"as he says, if we fail to do that, then we are in danger of losing the blessings are which can be and promisedwhich to keep ahead faithfulness.realized only upon our

Now, in contrast to the remorse that will come to those who see their mistakes too late, what joy and what happiness await those who come forth in the "resurrection of the just"to find theircompanions by their side, their children, of the Joneses and their grandchildren perhaps, all of them having qualified while on earth for the greatest of all the gifts of God eternal life and exaltation in the kingdom of God.

When we think that this greatest of all gifts, this power to have eternal happiness and joy and association with those we love most, is possible for all of us, how foolish, how frail, and how unwise we are if we pass by the opportunity to make these ties binding in the next life.

By example and by precept, parents should show the importance of the temple and of temple work. I have always

felt that it is well for children to observe their parents hustling about getting ready to go to the temple, to do work for the dead; to see them preparing

their temple clothing; to note that

emphasis is given to genealogical research and temple work. I think that

is all conducive to good. Children then "Keeping up with the Joneses"is not hundreds of miles of new passenger

will inquire of their parents why this usually recommended. and freight cars and diesel locomoof millions dollars of tives; worth parents theis and important so to do have case in our we then However, faster, electronic these equipment; explain to new opportunity thehave the with just keep up than more classification in terms yards; efficient principles gloriousgrand and more all of our rest the Joneses and chiltheir to are understandablethat tracing methods. better freight car Empire. in the Golden neighbors will children help such dren. With looking—and to the themselves desire to gohave a them. ahead of keep We have to ahead stay We'reahead—sosteppingthataheadwe cantemple.

requirements ordered of the transportation we've since World War II, is And, Covenants Doctrine and Now, the of equipof Golden Empire neighbors. our worth new $477,000,000 of the Lord,replete the word with

saying that the obligations and covement and spent $127,000,000 for We intend to continue to provide nants that we enter into for this life other improvements to do just that.* this territory with the finest freight

into entered are sanctionedthat and not and passenger service in America. serve Southwest we and West life. The this with the of God, end lawsby the part of is growing the

it states it is plain equallyBut when populationwise United States—bothfastest into covenants enterthat those do who that industrywise. means That and temples the in sealingsof marriage and

of the Lord shall pass by the angels there is an ever -increasing demand and the gods and the sentinels and go for fast, efficient transportation.

on to their exaltations and have glory To meet this demand—and, in fact, to

in all things, as hath been sealed upon anticipate it, and to encourage its fulshall a glory betheir heads, which Pacific the has expansion—Southern of their seeds continuationness a and in program modernization greatest

will that a marriage forever, such and have going full blast. history its We of are out full force theybe in when

this world. Southern Pacific and its affiliated companies serving the Golden Empire.

that could teach I wish Oh, we how A SYMBOL OF xTH>vWESTERN PROGRESS world, of the theto and espepeople cially to our own people, so they may not lose the glorious blessing and associations promised to the faithful children of God. arcso 'ft/-> '* >f/'&/$7'//#'',yw4'</t,vsi s'

God bless us, my brothers and sisters, that as parents we may teach our Southern Pacific Company, D. J. Russell, President, Headquarters: San Francisco Houston

(Concluded on following page) DECEMBER 1953 975 children early in life to walk uprightly pare them and point them toward the here have the keys and the authority to before the Lord and help them to undertemple and temple marriage as soon as act in the name of God and seal upon stand these principles before it is too they are able to understand what we the earth and have it ratified in the late. say. I testify that this work is true, heavens. Thus I testify because I know

I pray that we may do this, in wisdom that the power to seal is upon the earth, it is so. I do it humbly, and in the

and in love, and in kindness, and preand that these men who sit before us name of Jesus Christ, the Lord. Amen.

this choice young man who has been

Marion Brother Seventy, of the Council Keep the Faith sustained by you to sit with the First and of courage is a man D. Hanks. He

of faith, and I love him; and you who

by Richard L. Evans do not know him will learn to love him.

with B. Brown, Brother Likewise Hugh OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

give will utterance, gifts of great his sincere service to the Church.

is act of any comnor man, in no There utterance given I be that of pray may the witness I you with leave May passing despite of what bination men, say. briefly I should that which that lives; Jesus that soul very God my earth, this bring troubles upon they beloved may these I frequented have the of Begotten is the Only Christ theI of our purposes the thwart can a who approaching period for a now walls Reflesh, Savior and our in the Father

quarter century in many situations and Father in heaven, nor stay him in his deemer; that the Father and the Son

immortality pass to the to diffibring is plans this the most But assignments. the to dispensation this in appear

life children, of his do. to and eternal here had I have that thing cult and that he Smith, and Joseph and I didProphet

it. for in thank not God this chapter was that It seems our including succession, of line all in

the script which I had written for As to these, my brethren, they know present President McKay, have held the myself. of my affection for them—President keys and the powers of the priesthood,

In the brief, but in some respects too McKay, President Richards, President and do unto this day.

President President Smith, Clark, Young I first aware became since a time long I love pledge President McKay, my of First of Seventy, the the Council I the measured possibility, have this of is or all that good loyalty, and and here, all others Wirthlin, each Bishop times life of many full measure my for to gratitude you in with useful me, I of point with could some name whom here know those are who over. There considerations and kindnesses and many distinction. of affection one and No this of I weight the better than much confidence. for your to considerate could be any more man knows is here who none There work. sisters, I brethren of and you, beg my or or gracious kindly than they have inlimitations, I own better than my help. confidence and your to been me. the and imperfections, and adequacies,

feeling of smallness which I have. But I shall miss some of the intimate asMay God bless each and all of us in

sociations in with brethren understandbeloved most, things need the my we will in heaven Father if and my you

I First of living, in the with Council in joy and have ing peace and and whom help and your I with as am, accept me possibilities fifteen for sat years. bless of highest realization them. our the God to be endeavor earnestly I shall his,

I I of our part, greater in hereafter, the wish had here some had name and been. ever or I have better than am

or all, at part Christ. in of the some Jesus Lord making Amen. without pass to not I want should

thanking God for a noble father whom

I never knew; for a blessed mother who,

in her widowhood, reared nine of us, and faced her problems on her knees in prayer and on her feet gloriously in brothers and for action; courageous Response to a Call I have children, their sisters, who with

had no cause but to be proud of in their faith and their awareness of their reby Marion D. Hanks

life. in sponsibilities

for the choice and lovely OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY I thank him girl who has been by my side for twenty years and for the four sons that are am humbled and honored beyond scarcely anything we might say would ours. I pray for them, for their generamy capacity to express by this calling supersede it, and that is that the gospel

tion, and for youth everywhere, for their I and assignment. In the past five of Jesus Christ is a personal thing, a

guidance in the ways of truth and years, during which I have followed very personal thing.

righteousness. I pray for their generaafter the footsteps of Brother Evans on We talk in multiples, and we think

tion, that they may know of the promise Temple Square, I have had a great in numbers, and we teach classes with of the future, that despite all uncertainmany occasions, hundreds of them, to many people in them. We direct guide

ties there are glorious certainties that stand behind this pulpit and to weltours where there are large numbers.

transcend them all, as President McKay come to our city, into this great buildBut always there is the simple truth noted in his opening address. ing, thousands of guests who have come which we must understand: that the

I would say to their generation: be here to learn of us and to hear our gospel of Jesus Christ is God's plan

prayerful, keep the faith, avoid cynicism, story. I have always done so humbly, to get us home individually; and while

that I assure but classes, I have you teach while and we never felt we may of controwaves by the shaken not be it as as in doing groups, for I do today. cottage humble meetings hold may over sweep which confusion and versy

and are quickly spent, while the truth In the few brief moments that I shall people come tofaith and convictions remains forever. stand here, I should like to pay tribute individually. They enter the waters

individually of individually; baptism of despondency not is a gospel This as to respects a principle I pay my of the imthe blessing receive they of ensnaring to not discouragement, and

it is in people to a few whom my heart position have of hands by those who quick condemnanot of technicalities, tion, but as President Clark suggested so today to give thanks. The principle that authority; and when they seek to

beautifully in his utterance last evening, I should like to suggest is one so get acquainted with their Father in it is a gospel of hope, of happiness and basic and so simple that each of you heaven, and to go to the place he would of helpfulness, of peace and of promise. knows it, and yet so important that like them to be, they do it individually.

976 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA President McKay is honored by this congregation his people and beyond my THE CONTINENTAL STYLIST I should but or augment,efforts to add like to say of him this one thing: Within

the last two weeks, a call came from his office inviting us to meet a Protestant clergyman who was visiting in our city.

As he directed, we walked up the street and met President McKay about halfway. He brought with him this good

man of another faith who had come tohere visit us and to learn a little COMBINATION DOOR us.about

perPresident brought him McKay of SCREEN and STORMsonally, deal spent having a good time with him, and turned him over to us, and we brought him here tothis building and spent some more time BEAUTYtelling him our story, but the thing Choice ofhe wanted to talk about most was how OF DESIGN so soa great very busy, busy, had man atCompare the distinctive styles shown! design give to personal thetaken time him

tention he had received from President All of these and many other combinations to available by are you I of received note aMcKay. When desire grids the simply choosing you

last this week, from clergymanthanks door! basic the to applying them and

I said thing, to thesaying about same built Carefully select of by wood, unwillingmyself, have you "How peris the a DEC-O-DOR been craftsmen—needed, haveto take as time as you much of exto every style fect companion

or been offered opportunity to take, to terior.

bless many, while President McKay, with all he has to do would take and has taken the time."

I should like to pay a moment of tribute also in reference to the general remarks, of these fewtheme to the CONVENIENCE these grounds servepeople on who it has been withand my whom of basic door a <The DEC-O-DOR for of to timeprivilege spend much my for of su screen SETS and TWO consistspanels—to particularlyfive Brother years, Evans yearfor glass and means mer winter—tribute further has need of nowho my in minfor you. comfort a Changes around

likein I should J know. your minds, grids to loosen. The only six screws

here that I haveto have it known are for painting and as ute—are easily removed

much love for him as my heart has spaced from the glass for cleaning.

capacity to offer. The greatest thing

that has come into my life in my mature years has been the privilege of enjoying his confidence and spending time in his company.

I should like to pay tribute to the people do the work Temple on who MODERATELY PRICEDSquare, individual and in an who greet, manner teach and love and take to their Exclusive patented manufacturing methhomes many who come here. I should ods are employed and the savings are

like to pay tribute for a moment also, passed on to you. Actually a DEC-O-

in the same vein, to the youth of this DOR saves you 60% over other types

Church with whom I have spent the of storm doors. Fits any standard 1 Va -

major portion of my short life, and I should like to say that I have all the faith confidence and in them which it is ASK YOUR LOCAL to possess. powerin my

I have had the privilege of teaching LUMBER DEALER them for a number of years now at high school and institute level. I wonder if

you know how faithful they are. Do Your Storm Door expresses the

for instance, that in this know, veryyou "personality"of your home. You

Individualcity of years large groups for a number is personality can be sure that of these young people have been comScreens friendly and in good taste...

ing at seven o'clock in the morning to for by choosing a DEC-O-DOR! Apof storylearn the of the Book Mormon

that great read in controlled plying the finish of your choice,and to together book seminary gatherings? This activity has ventilation you can add charm and that perspread to California where thousands sonal touch, which will match the

of fine young people are meeting the finish of the rest of your home.

same test.

I have spent some time in the service.

I have spent a good deal of time in the missionary field, and wherever I havegone, I have felt it in my heart—alM0RRIS0N-MERRIL1&C0.

though there are not what are some who (Continued on following page) BUILDING MATERIAL DISTRIBUTORS

DECEMBER 1953 977 has stood at my side during many hours

Marion D. Hanks continued of activity in the Church; and to my

lovely children.

they ought to be, I know that—that them, and my conviction that there is I should like, too, as I leave this pulthere never has existed on the earth, a no body of men more faithful, more pit, to say to you that I do not come

more righteous and excellent and loyal loyal, and more able to support these to this position faultless. I have been

group of young people than these who brethren whose job it is to lead this at times a little critical of some people are ours to teach and to take care of, Church. I am proud to have been in some instances. I do not feel critical

and I honor them. When they come numbered among them. today. I have been impatient. I do

up to me and tell me occasionally, as Finally, may I pay tribute, as I feel not feel impatient today.

they have done this morning on these I must on this occasion—and I perhaps I do ask God to bless me, that my

grounds, that they appreciate what little will not have it or take it here otherefforts might be of some value to him,

I have been able to do in their lives, wise, to my own family; to my father, to these brethren, in forwarding a work

I rejoice, and my heart fills. whom I did not know—he passed away which I know to be true, which I have

I would like to take just a moment to when I was a baby; to my angel mother spent my young life trying to forward in

pay tribute to those who teach the youth who reared six of us under conditions this earth because I know it to be true.

of the Church in their religious educavery much like those Brother Evans'I ask God to help me as I in humility tion classes. While they are not always mother endured and braved; to my seek to do a job which seems to me at

understood and while they are criticized brothers and sisters, each of whom I this moment to be beyond my poor to some extent, their job is difficult, love, and who have given service to capacity to do, and I humbly pray it in and I want to express my own faith in this Church; to my beautiful wife who the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Plea For Living the Gospel

Expressed*

by President David O. McKay

as Hanks, D. Marion whom,

ago,Westatedhave just listened to Elder including the great Relief Society conto our heavenly Father, grateful for a few have you moments I ference.We wish to express appreciation to theGeneral*inspirationAuthoritieshe haswho givenhave tospokenthe

this day sustained as a member of the the audience here in the Tabernacle, to you. What great messages they have

First Council of the Seventy. your responsiveness and your reverence, given to us and to the'world! Truly,

Messages of appreciation of the televimay it be an example to the audiences, our hearts have been filled with gratision service rendered this forenoon to to the congregations throughout the tude that the Lord has magnified each the people of the Northwest and on the Church when they enter our places of one, to the end that his word has been

Pacific Coast, still come in. Knowing worship: Very little moving about, no spoken.

your interest, I will read two more. leaving of the services; I have been In conclusion, may I leave just one

This is from Seattle, Washington, favorably impressed and commend you. closing thought. This Church of Jesus

signed by Wilford H. Payne, Seattle We appreciate the cooperation of Christ commonly known as "MormonStake: "Please accept appreciation of the our city officials, their ready and efficient ism,"is in the world to make people

first television broadcast conference sesservice, wherever it is needed; our happy. Happiness is the end, really,

sion to Saints and friends in the Northtraffic officers in handling the crowds. of our existence. That happiness comes

west."I have noticed new precautionary measmost effectively through service to our

From Los Angeles, signed by the ures taken and the presence of the fellow men, and the Church is the

President of the California Mission, members of the police force on the most effective means in the world

Bryan L. Bunker: "Televised conference corners, courteously, carefully protectthrough which that service may be renmessages received perfectly. Marvelous ing the crowds surrounding this block dered.

missionary opportunity in the future. and throughout the city. There is no happiness without peace.

Gratefully, President of the California We wish to mention again these Today, the President of the United

Mission."beautiful flowers sent from Oahu and States, his Cabinet, Congress, the Senate,

And now at the conclusion of this others furnished by our local florists. the House of Representatives, the

great conference, may we express again We appreciate our singers, and although Judiciary, are all seeking peace in the the gratitude of our hearts to these men, we have already expressed it to each wprld. Nations are longing for it.

and companies, who have so graciously choir, I repeat again your appreciation Mothers and fathers, grandmothers and contributed of their means, with so litof the Relief Society Singing Mothers, grandfathers who have children and tle expense to the Church, to broadcast the members of the SwissGerman grandchildren in the armed forces are by radio and by television, the proChoir, the Men's Chorus, who rendered praying daily that we might have peace.

ceedings of this great conference. We such good service last evening in the Peace is the message that came when

want them to know that you and the Tabernacle, and finally, and of course, the Savior was born a Babe in BethleChurch generally deeply appreciate not least, the members of our Taberhem. It was heralded by the angel

their cooperative efforts. nacle Choir. To all of these and to all choir, singing, "Glory to God in the

others, including our ushers, we extend highest, and on earth peace, good will

Expresses Appreciation heartfelt appreciation. toward men."(Luke 2:14.)

And now, this great conference draws "Peace,"he said to his disciples toWe express gratitude, also, to the pubto a close. Our anticipation, our hopes, ward the close of his ministry, "These

lic press. I want to name especially the our prayers that it might prove to be things I have spoken unto you, that in

reporters on our papers, who have given uplifting and inspirational, have been me ye might have peace. In the world

such accurate and careful, complete acrealized, and for that we are grateful ye shall have tribulation: but be of

counts of the various meetings, speakers *Address delivered at the concluding session of good cheer; I have overcome the world."

of our conference since last Wednesday, general conference, October 4, 1953. (John 16:33.)

978 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA After his resurrection, when the doors were closed and the ten disciples were in session, as he greeted them, his first salutation was, "Peace be unto you."

(Ibid., 20:21.) And eight days later,

when the eleven were there, the same salutation, "Peace."(See Ibid., 20:26.)

What a glorious thing it is, brethren and sisters, and this is my message:

Peace cannot be found in external things. Peace comes from within.

"There is no peace except by the triumph of principles,"said the wise

Emerson. Peace is within the individual soul. There is no peace when

one's conscience is seared or when one is conscious of having committed some untoward act.

There was certainly no peace in that young girl's soul who came and confessed the other night, fearful of the disgrace she had brought upon her loving parents, fearful of how she could again meet the world. She was experiencing the pangs of retribution—the

of peace.antithesis An important member of your family is from righteousness in Peace springs

the soul, from upright living. If we are

going about in the world to establish peace, let us begin at home, first witheach individual. If you want peace The UTAH FARMER

is the yourstonight, remember re24 editions a year only $1.50; 3 years, $3.50 itsponsibility to obtain it, and is my

responsibility, and it is your privilege Every article is screened especially for Utahns and those interested in rural Utah. Every

edition contains special features it. many on "how to do."All phases of Utah agriculture and attain mine toand

livestock covered. production and poultry

let establish peace in us Certainly,. and..our household. We are sending out BIG,plus MAINFEATUREmany small, butSTORIESimportantWITHitemsPLENTYto helpOF GOODyou understandPICTURES Utah'sOF LOCALcurrentINTERESTtrends

missionaries, it is true, to proclaim peace agricultural developments.

and universal brotherhood. That is one FULL HOME AND GARDEN SECTIONMain feature stories fresh from Utah by Utah Farmer

great mission of our Church. May all staffclothes.members. Timely tips on growing flowers, keeping house, baking, cooking and making

cooperate recognize it and worldthe. comments from the boys

glad the us in spreadingwith news, the SPECIALand girls SECTIONof Utah.. FOR. storiesUTAHforYOUTHS-4-Hsmaller children.and FFA activities..

joy. is the tidings of greatglad That

in serials novels Fulllength, excellent FEATURES—MISCELLANEOUS of missionary our purposeparamount

PerLazy Farmer,""The.. Farm. selected "Utah the editors. of judgment reading and thorough the guide boyswork. and Market By,""The BaromGod of Days Farm May Gone Says,"S. Hinckley "Songs "Bryant the aftersonalities,"

girls, the young men and women who go eter,"editorial comments, and many other features are a part of every big Utah Farmer.

out, paying their own expenses or receiving support from their parents, in 44PLOW THE DEW UNDER"issue. Don't miss to a life, disturbed peace startedthus proclaiming with the 5 pioneer November of novel fulllength, dramatic A

in to Kansas 1870 came Americanization of Mennonites who the seller... about this best world. aand unsettled What a century encountered the Mormons ago. of by those.. reminiscent glorious. are experiences their

concept, but let us set the example by having peace in our homes.

Paraphrasing the author of The Simple Life: "Let our homes become sanctuLET ME COMPLIMENT YOU ON THE

aries for ourselves."(I commend the apTYPE OF POULTRY MATERIAL YOU

IN FARMER UTAH RUNNING THE AREpeal Benson.) Sanctuby Elder made

of nature a timely is but It only not isaries! have where we A sanctuary poultry fits of our Utah the needs that

peace. May our homes become warm growers. I have been a reader of the

it has, and is, years and paper for many childrennests be protected where may job. to a fine continuing do

into andand grow women; noble men Morris Professor Lawrence

find privacy, love Young University old age Brighamwhere may W Provo, Utah altar,repose, prayer I nation Wlllll an and the a sure source of strength and perpetuity.

With all my soul at the close of this great, inspirational conference, my dear fellow workers, I say God bless you, SEND FOR FREE COPY that in your hearts and in your homes peace. I say to all our haveyou may FARMER THE UTAH

listeningfriends have been who Street Richards 36 in, UtahESTABLISHED IN IBBOFarmeril'AXE that obedithe from peace comesmay City, Utah Salt Lake find gospel to the Christence of Jesus in through your hearts, yourlodgment Utah's you I say.want Enterto findmyoutsubscriptionif your magazinefor the canperiodbe checked:as useful to me CIS

acceptance of the truth. Exclusive 1 year-$1.50 3 years-$3.50

May the spirit of peace be poured Farm and Send meja FREE copy, without obligation on my part.

all nations, that the threatenout upon

Livestock Name destruction of clouds be dissiing may pated, and the sunshine of peace shine Magazine Address..

all over the world, I pray in moreonce

WiiA Postoffice Christ. of Jesus Amen.the name

DECEMBER 1953 979 CHRISTMAS AMONG THE NAVAJOS (Continued from page 910) came from the Gama-lihs, in the

As soon as Tommy and Jimmy rewhite man's country. He could received their candy and packages, they member when there were no Morhurried off to the nearest tree to mon missionaries out here, but now

open them. Tommy remembered the they would go out each day and

missionary's saying the packages tell the people stories. He liked the

ie man$wem{ ueduondidti

Makes 120 Copies a Minute... up Richard L. Evans

to 300 Copies per Original of any-

... thing Type, Write you or Draw

on Varying or Weights Paper of N<[o questionsdoubt all ofof life.us areNotroubleddoubt atall timesof us byarethegivenunansweredto won-... in Cards to Five at Colors One

Once... no stencils, no mats, no dering at times about the point and purpose of many things,

makeready. and even to wondering why we are here. Such thoughts

DITTO duplicators tools are natural sometimes because for may come in use schools, churches, business. and

activities of monplace is That the school, church, busieach day—toowe are closetoo closereallytoto thesee comour- why and

ness worlds welcome the new DITTO D-10. selves or to see the overall objectives. If we could just step

is This heir to duplicator DITTO'S 40 years aside from the rush routine the of and to which too many

It is of designed "knowhow."with

tied, are velus could get a fresher perspective too much we and vety, action balanced built with nonand corrosive stainless steel parts for uncounted picture and could come closer to answering the question that of years superior performance. D-10 conmen for ages have asked: "Why are we here?"Life is short

trols are so simple themthey almost work selves. With this machine any bright and swiftly moving for all of us, no matter how long we live.

youngster becomes an expert in no time. And if there were no more purpose in it than is sometimes

is copy intensity each And of even throughout the run of because DITTO'S superficially seen, we should have cause for frustration and fingerflip Magic Copy Control. for some cynicism. But as a counterremedy to recurring

Best of all, DITTO D-10 is priced to fit feelings of frustration, let each man ask of himself as if he today's operating budgets. had never heard it questioned or considered: Why are we

benefits Have the of D-10! Write for a

free demonstration... it will give you here on earth? While we do not understand all of life's

valuable ideas! promise and possibilities, we may take unto our hearts the

certainty and assurance that we are here as part of a glorious,

DITTO INCORPORATED eternal plan and purpose. We are here because a loving

158 East Broadway, Salt Lake City, Utah Father gave us the gift of life, gave us a period of preparation

Gentlemen: At no cost or obligation to for eternal opportunities. We are here to develop faith, to

me, please—(check your choice): seek knowledge, to think with freedom, to exercise our indiSend on me literature DITTO new D-10 vidual agency, to seek and to accept truth. We are not Duplicator five color and the process.

Arrange a demonstration for me in my here primarily for pleasure, although happiness is an imoffice.

Send me literature on new low priced portant part of the plan. We are not here primarily for the

electric DITTO D-Tl Duplicator. wealth of this world, although the good things of the earth

Name, for be rightfully are here Title, may work we them. We ours—as

Company to learn to in ignorance, and not wilfully the remain to keep

Address commandments, to conquer ourselves, to learn to live toCity County 5tate gether. And when we fumble and fall short, which all of us

do, there is always the comforting, sustaining thought that we were sent here by a loving Father, who sent us not to fail but to succeed. He understands our hearts, our problems,

our difficulties. He understands us and our needs. He expects of us a good and honest and sincere performance. He

JCEBtoCBg does not expect of us a presently impossible perfection but with our willingness, he will help us to return to him

PIKES PEAK with the purpose of this life completed, and with glorious,

FLOUR everlastingAnd despite opportunitiesrecurring discouragementbefore us, withand thosethe sometimeswe love.

With FOUR weariness along the way, the hope, the promise, the certainty

Extra Baking of things to come makes all the effort infinitely worth while.

Advantages Jhe Spoken Word from temple square SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING 425 West 5th South SYSTEM, OCTOBER 11, 1953

Salt Lake City. Utah Copyright, 1953

980 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Mormon missionaries; however, they

hadn't come to his home because he and his people couldn't speak English, and the missionaries couldn'tspeak Navajo. Maybe when he grew fwtf'qfife&km

up, he would be able to learn more about the "Mormons."

As these thoughts ran through his mind, his attention was called to thecoldness of his feet. His shoes were FINE NYLONS

torn, and the soles were nearly gone. FOR YOUR OWN WARDROBE

When his father had bought him his new shoes, he had also bought him FOR CHRISTMAS GIVING a pair of stockings and even though he had worn them only on special These are the nylons everyone occasions like going to the tradingpost, loves for their quality, their they were also worn out.

He could hardly believe his eyes fashion perfection, their thrifty when the box lid came off. There pricing! No finer Christmas gift!

right in front of him was a pair of shoes. They weren't new, but they ZCMI HOSIERY -Downstairs Store

were better than what he had on. He

quickly took off the old, wornout ones and put on the newer pair. This

time he could not control his emoCOLORS:

tions; he ran to show his family. It Beige <$ Taupe

was not until he saw the toys his A 60 gauge, 15 denier with sisters had received that he rememreversible seams for durable bered his other packages. He rushed wear. 1.29 or 3 pr. 3.70

back to where Jimmy was trying on a green coat he had received and, B 54 gauge, 30 denier service smiling happily, he showed Tommy sheers with the new comfort the new toy car that was in the other "Helenea"foot. 1.29 or 3 pr. 3.70

package. Tommy lunged for his

package and tore off the paper. To C 45 gauge, 30 denier for the

his great joy there was a gun in it, women who work in white also a roll of paper that you could hosiery. 99$ or 3 pr. 2.85 ORDER NOW FOR

put in it to make it "pop"just like a real gun. D 60 gauge, 15 denier with CHRISTMAS

All over the yard children could be heavenly heels for special heard, their happy voices shouting to occasions. Black, brown, navy,

each other. The Mormon elders and 1.39 and 1.49

the trader and his wife stood by watching. They felt very happy

within themselves as they watched this group of people.

Tommy was halfway home now.

He would be glad to get there. He

was tired and cold. The shoes felt

good on his little feet. His gun was Mail orders to:

protruding from his belt, and the robe MARGOTSalt Lake MANNERS,City 10, UtahZCMI was pulled tightly around him to proPlease send the following hosiery:

Yes, he storm. the from tect him

Quan. Style Letter Size Color Price

curl get glad to home and would be up on the sheep pelt by the warm DOWNSTAIRS stove and go to sleep.

As the elders watched the crowd rapidly depart, they looked across Ca. ih D Charge Q C.O.D.

the horizons. They could see the Name

deep cut in the sloping mountainside Addres s known as Canyon de Chelly and the City... Zone. State

surrounding rocks of red. Slowly the Inclui Je 3# postage for first p air of nylons

view dimmed; the snow was getting and 1 for each adVitio nal pa ir.

thicker and deeper. The heavy snowUtah residents add 2% State Sales Tax. fall was hiding the view of the large STORE

(Concluded on following page) DECEMBER 1953 981 No Finer Gift for the Family Christmas(ConcludedAmongfrom precedingthe Navajospage) canyon just as each year hides slowly the the tradition and superstition of the HAMMONDaMusic's Richest Voice"ORGAN Navajo people.

A Model to Suit the Talent of Every Music Lover The elders looked out over the

Trained or Untrained hills filled with the stories of the past, then slowly they looked at the crowds

THE CHORD ORGAN - woulddeparting.never Thechange,hills thewerepeopleold butinsim- play one can any habiting them will progress and wax minutes. ple tunes in 30

strong in the Lord and become better

THE SPINET MODEL - educated and more numerous. Then

the ideal home organ. the boys and girls like Tommy and

REGULAR MODELS - hiswill sistersbe childrenwill notof thebe mostshunnednoblebutin for those with little or considerable musical this choicest land of America.

training. The two elders smiled warmly at

each other as their eyes met while

Priced from $995.00 up. looking from the past into the future.

A Small Deposit will hold for Christmas delivery Where could they have spent a happier Christmas than among the LaIs your Church in need of an Organ? manite people?

The Hammond will make an ideal gift.

FULL PARTICULARS—WRITE OR CALL SELDON N. HEAPS

CO. GLEN BROS. MUSIC

Ogden Lake City Provo Christmas Is For Children 74 So. Main—Salt

(Continued on page 908) tive number of each item at home.

The ornaments Big Sister made last year are quite attractive. Blue paper

f, - stars were given a thin coating of glue, then dipped in Christmas tree "snow."Circles of cotton were glued

to both sides of white paper. These

snowballs were hung on the tree like ear "regular"ornaments.

Children like to make gifts and cards, too; and while their handiyear work may not look like something

that came straight from Santa's workshop, at least plenty of the giver goes year along with the gift.

And what is Christmas without all those special goodies that come out of your very own kitchen? Has

Sonny's chief participation up to now been merely to stand around and sniff or to sneak fingerfuls of batter

Salt Lake's out of the mixing bowl when your back was turned? What a pleasant

most popular dining spot surprise for him to discover that he too can make cupcakes, cookies, and candies! Here's the trick with these

treats: Let the lad use packaged

cooky mixes. Cupcakes can be baked

in colored paper baking cups, and bits of chocolate frosted with candy SHO P are over the sprinkled cupbar which t a h Max Carpenter, Manager cakes the instant they are taken from the oven. (The packaged candy mixes

children—we love may also be used for icing.) Drop

982 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

cookies are easier to make than rolled ones, and are simple to prepare.

One of our younger neighbor boys bakes gingerbread men from a packaged mix. Then he delivers his BEST TASTING

Christmas cards around the neighborhood personally, with a fresh gingerbread man in each. A little girl we i\iini# due

know gives packages of cookies and DAKIi BKt candies she has made.

Decorations, songs, stories, special foods, greetings, toys, parties—so

many elements work together to make the holiday season a happy time. Sf SIC IAHEM

So often we hear adults say, "What would Christmas be without our chil- *5* dren?"Yes, Christmas is for children. More than that, through parXN&&*3*-m

ticipation for the holiday as well as in taking part in all the various activities on the holiday itself, our sons daughters not only and grow in i mm stature, physicalmental but they and grow also in the feeling of belonging to the family and the larger social groups of which we want them to be- <sy come a part.

tt aTOASTS BETTER Hugh B. Brown

(Continued from page 914) Canada and the United States and one begins to realize the diversity of his experience and talents.

After working with servicemen at

Brigham Young University for a season, Elder Brown was assigned by

President Howard McDonald to work in the Division of Religion. Everyone with whom he worked learned

to love and respect Elder Brown.

One of his greatest characteristics was his genuine humility and full loyalty to those with whom he worked.

The Lord has endowed Elder Brown with some extraordinary talents. One is his power of speech. Has been winning cooking honors for over 20 years

In this respect he has the gift of

is his gift toAaron. inspire. Another

This gift course, as result Grandmother's Cooking Wins 25 Ribbons a comes of of a long life of devoted spiritual service. In the religion classroom few men 148 prize ribbons... that's the For holiday treats—for tempting

can equal his ability, energy, and record of Mrs. Amy Blackburn of yearround dishes—the country's top

spiritual power. Hundreds of young herGolden,granddaughterColorado. herHerelatestshe awardsshows Yeast.cooks useOutFleischmann'sof 9,449 prizewinningActive Dry

students at Brigham Young Univer-... the 26 ribbons she won last year cooks surveyed, over 90% prefer

sity flocked to his classes to receive in cooking competition at the Farmthis grand dry yeast. It's way ahead

a spiritual rebirth. Not long ago a er's Institute Grange and at the of oldstyle cake yeast... keeps for

it shelf. Festival. pantry Harvest your on And monthsreturned told serviceman about Arvada me

fast. rises so cooks, Like top Mrs. always you when many Now

deliveredan address Brother by it's insists to use Fleischconvenient using Blackburn home, bake at on

Brown in California to a large nummann's Active Dry Yeast. "It gives yeast. But get the best—look for

ber of soldiers. He said the effect me grand results,"she says. "And Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast in

upon the men was electric. "Never,"it's so easy to use."the thrifty 3-package strip.

(Continued on following page) DECEMBER 1953 983 Hugh B. Brown

{Continued from preceding page) he continued, "have I come closer to the angels."Brother Brown has another gift that should be mentioned.

That is his ability to be both leader and companion of young people. He

is at once sympathetic and sensitive to their points of view and they trust and respect his judgment.

Hugh B. Brown has reared a large,

PlliifWPI'l; up responsible family. Elder Hugh B.

Brown was born in Salt Lake City,

New Science Building at B.Y.U. Built with brick irorA the kilns of Utah Fire Clay Company. October 24, 1883, a son of Homer

ML and Lydia J. Brown. In 1900 his

family migrated to Canada. From

there he was called to serve as a missionary in Great Britain from 1904 to 1906.

In June 1908 he married Zina BRICK Young Builds a Beautiful Campus bishop andCard.laterHeservedwas asordaineda membera

of the Alberta Stake high council.

Stake the Lethbridge 1921, In when at Brigham Young University organized, he was called of Zion was

There is longlasting beauty in brick... beauty that outlives to be its first president.

the generation that creates it. Elder Brown served overseas in the

beauty. in cost But brick offers than more It is low and low in Canadian forces during World War

It versatility provides maintenance. in adaptability amazing and

construction. I, where he attained the rank of a

For chapels, for homes, for schools... major.

Brick Is the Aristocrat of Building. He returned to make his home in

Salt Lake City in. 1927. Here he was

called as president of Granite Stake, serving from 1929 to 1935.

in also offers brick Clay Utah Fire both He presided over the British Misshapes. and proud Roman Other Norman

Vitrified include Pipe products Clay Sewer will last forever that sion from 1937 to 1940 and spent the that Flue Lining and assures maximum fire protection. war years, 194246, as coordinator

of LDS servicemen and was recalled before the end of the war as president then Mission. British of the He Ask the Craftsmen in Clay proas 194650, years, four served

fessor of religion and coordinator of veterans'affairs at Brigham Young

University. In 1950 he returned to

Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, where he served as president and manager

Office: 1078 South 1st West Salt Lake City 8, Utah Phone 3-2763 of Richland Oil Development Com-

i pany of Canada, Ltd.

Brother and Sister Brown have the *?> following sons and daughters: Zina u'An Inspiring Performance"—"A Brilliant Recording'

Lydia Brown Brown, Zola Grace the. OhahflW pwm the (Book (>$ Wl&imDfl Brown Hodson, Lejune Brown Munk,

by Leroy J. Robertson Mary Myrtice Brown Firmage, Hugh

As presented at General Conference time, April 6, 1953, with Card Brown (deceased), Charles M.

MAURICE ABRAVANEL conducting the Combined Choruses of Brown, Margaret Alberta Brown the University of Utah and the UTAH SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA. Jorgensen, and Carol Rae Bunker.

One LP. Record - High Fidelity - Pure Vinylite They have twentyone grandchildren.

and his good companion DRDER NDW He

ALLEN DUFF ASSOCIATES through life must be counted success407 Union Pacific Building, Salt Lake City, Utah ful parents. "As are families,"says

If sent C.O.D. $5.72 plus postage Thayer, "so is society. If well

If money accompanies order, $5.72 postage prepaid ordered, well instructed, and well gov-

(In Utah add 2% tax) Should Have it Every Mormon Home This Authentic Record"erned,go forththeythe arestreamsthe springsof nationalfrom whichgreat984 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ness and prosperity—of civil order

and public happiness."Brother and

Sister Brown have tasted much happiness in the rearing of their family, but they have also known sorrow in the loss of their son Hugh C, a pilot in the RAF, in World War II.

The Browns are hospitable. They

know the art of entertaining graciously, and many faculty members at the "Y"will remember with pleasure the entertainment they received at their home.

At an age when most men would have been content to retire from active participation in business Elder

Brown entered into gas and oil enterprises with high enthusiasm—and

success. We were sorry to lose him PLACE

at BYU but were glad to see him in Member action in the Canadian oil fields with Federal Deposit men whose names ranked high in the Insurance world of petroleum. His restless Corporation

spirit is happy when engaged in creative work on a large scale. But

happy as he was in this work, the call of his Church was instantlyobeyed. ZION'S SAVINGS BANK

When President David O. McKay and 7hu4t Ctmt/umy

announced the name of Hugh B. MAIN AT SOUTH TEMPLE Utahs Fw$t Chartered Swings Bank

Brown as an Assistant to the Twelve, all who knew him gladly raised their hand to sustain the choice because they knew him to be a worthy, broad gauged servant of God. Brigham

Young University joins the Church in saluting Elder Brown in his new calling. yRHEEM

FATHER GasFired Heating Equipment

By Margaret B. Jorgensen

"Father's Day"1953

|P\ivinity in man—a spark of truth's eter-

*-*'nal fireMay uncomprehended shine in darkness WSAVE!

Or be set aflame by light reflected in desire Gas Furnace is

For knowledge pure; as yours, protected by the shield of faith, i

Did only burn the brighter, fanned by swift FIREWINTER AIR CONDITIONERS adversity Before whose winds the blind deny the

Lord—their faith LISTED FLOOR and WALL FURNACES Despair and die.

And how am I aware of life as God would You can't beat the combination of lowhave it known? cost efficiency and reliability offered in

Intelligence, his glory, beams through ves- a Rheem GasFired Furnace. Let us

sels chosen, as were you, show you the model designed for your

And, molten by the chastening hand of him home... for your pocketbook!

whose finger has bestowed Upon your soul the gift of light, that brilliance grows; You can rely on IBffff! and... probingWhose rays have countless crevices

explored in timid hearts Revealing there infinity asleep.

allotted yearsWithin have you proven now DISTRIBUTING COMPANY unexcelled

Street State 1409 South skillYour universal tool with of time, totATE% 15, CITY SALT LAKE UTAH felled the giants Ignorance,And Despair;

Stokermatic stokers, of Stokermatic their destroyedThen crafty sire, Procrastina- \ Distributors gas and oil water heaters, Heatway, Rheem lair. tion, in his

{Concluded on following page) furnaces.

DECEMBER 1953 985 HUGH B. BROWN "Let Nothing You Dismay"

(Continued from page 918) (Concluded from preceding page) continually during the interminable

Those of Zion's youth apprenticed to your Wherein unending quest impels my spirit stanzas of the two Indian boys, when artistry of mind forth with joy his turn came, he was too nervous conendless Stirred in struggle and eternal discern, and triumphnow learn,May to horror, Roger remember. With quest. find. seek andFreedom's wisdom

slipping the robe its moorwatched I render, flesh obedience father to For of my

Then how favored I, who still your presence But as inspiration's source, freely is given ings, the top part shortening, the may partake! deep and tender love skirt lengthening ominously as Jerry

There resharpening an edge of hunger for While gratitude and honor follow time's quavered out:

the Word, unwavered course.

"Myrrh is mine; its bitter perfume

Breathes a life of gathering gloom;

Sorrowing, sighing, bleeding, dying-"

The last word came out in a startled squeak as Jerry stepped on his hem and plunged into the cradle.

doll—""Jerry shriekedEllison! Mary,If you'vein brokenvery unmy

madonnalike tones, and Miss Black, "This Christmas Seems highlyfranticallyagitated,motioningdashedtheintoabsorbedview, angels to draw the curtains. Roger

noted with surprise, that he and

More Wonderful Than Ever"Marie were convulsively holding hands, though she still appeared unaware of it.

When the curtain was mercifully drawn on the scene of confusion, there "I didn't realize how much difference were unexplained bumping sounds, our new pipe organ really made in our scurryingsthe curtainsandwerehissingagainwhispers;opened, thendisservices until I heard it play the Christclosing the entire group—actors and

mas music. The anthems and carols I chorus, and Miss Black appeared

to announce have loved all my life took on new again, visibly shaken, beauty and meaning."tragicallystances hadthatunavoidablyuntoward shortenedcircumthe program and to invite or rather

implore the audience to join in the final song. Faintly at first, then

These words sum up the sentiments of thousands of gaining momentum, the children bechurch-goers in hundreds of churches throughout the gan:

country who are enjoying Wicks Pipe Organs this Christmas. Are you among them? "Joy to the world, the Lord is come!"

You'll be glad to know that magnificent Wicks Pipe Roger looked at Jerry, trying to

Organs are not reserved for the larger churches alone. make himself small behind the other

They are priced as low as $2975. We will be happy to wise men, his face still crimson from

help you select the wonderful Wicks Pipe Organ that is embarrassment. Hesitatingly the

exactly right for your church size and budget. Simply audience was beginning to join in,

write: and Roger turned and stared unbelievingly as Marie's voice rang out,

clear and high,

"Let earth receive her king!"

THE HOUSE OF WICKS She was looking straight at Jerry, and Roger looked, too. At sound

of his mother's voice, the boy's downWicks Organ Company cast eyes lifted and, startled, sought

HIGHLAND, ILLINOIS her face; then magically, as if

smoothed away by a gentle hand, the painful expression of hurt and humiliation left his own, and after a moment he joined in the swelling 986 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA song. It was a shock to Roger to find "You could have taken her to had died in the hospital at the

that he, too, was singing heartily, town,"Roger observed, but Marie baby's birth and whose young father although it was a family joke of long sniffed. Encouraged by this he venwas in the Army. He had left her

standing that he could not carry a tured, "Well—if we're going to have there for adoption but, so far, she

tune. a Christmas dinner anyway, how was just the "hospital baby,"loved

Several people came up and introabout letting me ask Thornbur? He and petted and spoiled by doctors,

duced themselves afterward, and hasn't a soul—would just eat at the nurses, and patients. The Marine,

when Roger turned to include Marie, club."handsome and tragiceyed, had come

she was not there. He learned where As it happened, he brought three home on furlough, after months overshe had been when they were driving guests, Thornbur, the assistant docseas to find his wife dead from tuberhome. tor, who had been unable as yet to culosis, the scourge of the Navajos,

"Oh, Mom, I'm sure glad you infind quarters for his family in the and his baby with its grandparents vited Miss Black to dinner tomorrow! East, a young Navajo Marine, and where he did not know, for after his

I asked all the kids and nobody had Cinderella. young wife's death the hogan was

Cinderella fat, adorable burned, as is customary, was a and parents invited all had some her—they reatwo -yearold, whose mother Navajo (Continued page) on following voice or other."dropped, Jerry'sson

1 'Specially since I spoiled her old play—""Why, you didn't spoil the play, honey!"It was Marie's old warm

voice, "You did just fine. It was my

fault you tripped on your robe and honestly, Jerry, that didn't spoil itjust added a little humor, didn't it, FAST

Daddy?""Sure did!"Roger agreed, and they

both laughed heartily. After a moment, rather doubtfully, START*

Jerry joined them, and they were all laughing when they entered the house.

It had started to snow, large, soft flakes, and Jerry paused on the stepto look back and exclaim fervently, ANYTIME "Gosh, I'll bet this is going to be a real Christmas after all!"He came.......l.;....;

in, switched on the bubbling, colored lights and stood admiring his Christmas tree, and Marie and Roger exchanged relieved glances. Evidently

the memory of his debacle was erased from his mind, or at least, its sting.

A moment later he cried, "Listen!

the carolers!"Beneath the window

there stood a teacher from the Indian school, surrounded by darkfaced, smiling children, and suddenly they WITH UTOCO GASOLINEwere shouting,. Now Seasonized for Winter

"Gott ress you, marry shentlemans,

Let nuttings you dismay!"UTOCO seasonized gasoline brings you champion car

performance regardless of the season.

"May I treat them, Mom?"Jerry It's refinery balanced four times each year to meet

urged, but while he and Marie were the driving requirements of each season. Right now UTOCO

emptying the cooky jar, the chilgasoline is refined for quick starts, flashing pickup. It's the

dren were gone, their gay voices best gasoline we've ever produced—in our 44year history.

floating back,

"Shingle bells, shingle bells!"

Let's SO... Ifli "I meant to tell you-—I can't go to

town for Christmas dinner,"Roger call tardily,said, "I'm tomorrow."on wfth utoco! to to go wants Marie town?""Who

demanded. "Didn't you know we invited Miss Black?"UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY

DECEMBER 1953 987

"LEI NOTHING YOU DISMAY"The Popularity (Continued from preceding page) her death. And Roger had impulof an and baby were taken in by relatives, sively invited him to dinner.

somewhere on the reservation. He He was glad he had when they

had spent his brief furlough searchentered to the heartening fragrance ELECTRIC ing for them, fruitlessly. Today he of Christmas cooking, the house warm

had wandered back to the hospital and gay, and the radio softly playing CLOTHES to hear again the sorry story of his carols. Jerry, an apron tied round

wife's illness and her parents'illhis waist and nutcraker in hand welDRYER advised insistence that she return comed them at the door, "Mom's home for a visit, which resulted in (Concluded on page 990) is Skyrocketing

.. Jke Vveiaht of the suture

Richard L. Evans

Cometimes we may feel overpowered and depressed by the tasks that lie before us, by the undone things that we have yet to do. A young man, for example, may look ahead at

what he feels he must accomplish before he can feel somewhat settled: the years of school that may be required; the

Buy From Your Dealer time it takes for special preparation; the possibility of military

service; the matter of marriage and the making of a home.

ahead the years the effort, time, the and the money, Be Thrifty - And of us have at once. to Many all seem weigh on him may

Use Electricity been through it. It is almost as if a man should look at a

UTAH POWER ft LIGHT CO. mortgage that is due in monthly instalments, and feel somehow that he has to pay it all right now instead of meeting

it monthly. It is almost as if a mother should look at the

mountains of meals that she must prepare in a long lifetime, and feel that she must plan and prepare them all at once.

But fortunately life is lived a day at a time. And while we

must plan and prepare and earnestly move toward our ultimate objectives, the expectations of the future need not weigh us down as if they were all due and payable today.

Indeed, if we were to let all future requisites worry and weigh upon us as if they were all due today, our present effectiveness might well be impaired to the point where we would be less able to do what is due today. To you, young

man, looking forward with a long future before you: don't

let it weigh on you as if you had to carry all its weight at once. Do well now what should now be done, and as the

past has brought you to this point, so the future will take you further. You can't complete the whole curriculum in

one week of worrying, nor even in one year of working.

You can't take final steps until you have completed the prerequisites. And don't let the process become needlessly

and painfully congested by trying to force too much of the future through channels that were made for present capacity.

HOTEL LANKERSHIM To look ahead at the whole load and try to carry the weight 7+h & BROADWAY of it all at once could depress and discourage and defeat any

ROOMS WITH BATH of us. With faith and work we may move the mountain in

Single $5.00—$3.50 From Double parts and in pieces. And with faith and work we can meet Supper Rooms Dining and New

IN THE VERY HEART OF the obligations and opportunities of life by looking at the years

LOS ANGELES ahead as a load that can be lifted a little at a time and not as one that weighs upon us all at once.

BOOK OF MORMON GUIDE BOOK ZJhe Spoken (A/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

BROADCASTING An aid THE COLUMBIA KSL AND andtomissionaryteaching, studying,work PRESENTED OVER 27, 1953 SEPTEMBER SYSTEM, Send $5.00 to Copyright, 1953

DESERET BOOK CO. or Z.C.M.I.

Salt Lake City THE IMPROVEMENT ERA988

IBJIiiliiiiii An exceptionally appropriate Christmas illlBII gift for your Latterday Saint friends

llii

II A BOOK

AMAN and A MESSAGE If:>a:S

v;: PRESIDENT DAVID 0. McKAY

Every Latterday Saint Will Want To Read

t;Q.:

rlilfliil GOSPEL IDEALS IHl Selections from the Discourses of

President David 0. McKay

It is nearly half a century since President David O. McKay first became a

member of the Council of the Twelve Apostles at the age of thirtytwo.

On the eightieth anniversary of his birth, THE IMPROVEMENT ERA was stfi privilege in the of publishing honored a book—Gospel Ideals—selected from his II

of nearly half a century. sermons writings and

In this book there is a great breadth of solid, satisfying counsel, of insight and understanding, of undeviating principle coupled with honest inquiry, of hope and promise, of love and guidance for living.

One cannot read these pages without sensing that President McKay has had a long and providential preparation for the high office he holds. The constancy of his

counsel and the conviction of his testimony of truth will give guidance and comfort, encouragement and conviction for this, his own day, and far into the future.

Buy Gift Copies Now for Christmas

DESERET BOOK COMPANY BOOKCRAFT

And All Church Bookdealers THIS IS AN IMPROVEMENT ERA PUBLICATION

mimiiiiii'iiii i.

DECEMBER 1353 989 *Lm* (Concluded from"LEIpage 988)NOTHING YOUMom DISMAY"and Jerry!"Cecily was halfpretty busy. She'll be out in a minlaughing, halfcrying, "We got here

ute,"he said, importantly and then just in time—and it's just like always!

dashed to answer the telephone. "It's Only for Chris! We were so afraid

for you, Mom!"he shouted, "I'll take you wouldn't be having a big dinRECORDS over the kitchen!"But he paused for ner—

for a moment to pick up the smiling "I told you they would!"Glenn inChristmas babyFromandthetakehallherMariealongwaswithsayinghim. terruptedThere werethe hugsexcitedandflowkisses,of words.quesTime faintly,heart gave"Longa sickeningdistance?"lurch, itRoger'scould tionsmade andat theexclamations.table for the two,Roomandwasas

CHRISTMAS CAROL BY DICKENS always be bad news. But a moment the meal progressed, there were ex-

$5.45 (33rpm) 4081 Rathbone ML later she

IN AIR THECHRISTMASBasil

. $4.34 (78rpm) Voices of Schumann Walter Chris! CDN Not cried, But—whereunbelievingly,are"Chris?you? planations.overseas and Glennhad beenwasgivento bea shortsent (45rpm) $3.87 CDF

H-9016 (33rpm) $2.98 Just today? Oh, Roger!"furlough before sailing. They had

CHRISTMAS MUSIC Perry Como EPB 3023 (45rpm) $1.47 Roger rushed to her side and, lislearned of it the very day after

LPM 51 (33rmp) $3.15 tening by turns, they learned that Cecily last wrote and followed herCHRISTMAS SERENADE

(78rpm) 285 Sammy Kaye C $4.35 Chris had landed in San Diego not letter home. $2.94 (45rpm) B 285

CL 6196 (33rpm) $3.00 half an hour ago and would be home "So I'm to stay home for a while,CHRISTMAS TIME

801 (78rpm) $4.35 Fred Waring A

9-97 (45rpm) $2.94 as soon as was possible. if you'll have me,"Cecily said, smilCHRISTMAS SONGS DL5295 (33rpm) $3.00 "I'll be thinking of you all at ing brightly, but the glance she cast

1017 (45rpm) Nelson Eddy A old, $5.45 (33rpm) 4442 $2.94 Christmas dinner—about time over her young husband brought the ML

THE Perry FIRSTComoCHRISTMAS Y 422 (78rpm) $2.31 there, isn't it? Wish Sis was there,"tight lump into Roger's throat, and

tears. Marie's eyes filled with 422 (45rpm) $2.10 There said. "Tell he WY to Jerry eat enough

CHRISTMASMERRY silence, a brief broke and Jerry Autry Gene (45rpm) $2.94 B 270 turkey pie for was of Mom's mince and

(33rpm) 6137 $3.00 CL

Bing Crosby (78rpm) 550 $4.29 me, too!"it abruptly, "I wish we could adopt A

9-65 (45rpm) $2.94 Cinderella, glanced innoDad."He LD5019 (33rpm) $3.00 that time on, there From was noTHE MESSIAHHANDEL at faces startled cently the about Beecham & Luton Choral Society in the break talk excited laughter and

34 (45rpm) $22.88 WCT him. turned toward

in 6401 LCT the (33rpm) kitchen. the Roger and

ADD POSTAGE TO ABOVE PRICES—30c for Marine pulled out the table, and "Did I say something?"

LP, for Single regular 50c Record 78rpm Album, first for single 25c Record add 78rpm 10c Jerry set it—not like Cecily, Roger "You sure did, Son—a mouthful!"and

for2% eachto aboveadditionalprices 78rpmfor staterecord.sales Intax.Utah add thought, with an involuntary pang, Roger assured him, "and no one but

DAYNES MUSIC COMPANY but well enough. Miss Black arrived Mother can answer you."

Salt 4547 1, City South Main, Lake Utah just as given Jerry her had up and

I the records Please send have checked me in voiced "Well,"was Jerry what above. to preparing happily car was the take

all their "we'll Cecily thoughts, have Name after her. for his go and Fortunately

it for a while, Chris but and home Address selfesteem, he never would know

Sis'll ever be won't same. be the City State terrified she to would have been how

( ( ) Cash ( ) Charge all ) C.O.D. of time, thinking the Glenn and

ride with him as chauffeur. At long Chris—"FIRST OF ALL - RELIABILITY last everything was ready and family

and guests assembled about the "You're right, dear,"Marie interDaijne'aijnes Music table. ruptedsame. himIt's gently,foolish "nothingto expectstaysit theto.

his Roger head bowed When to—just have to We

feast, for the 4547 SOUTH did thanks MAIN offer not heBffiBBgg it in "Take our stride!"Jerry finall BLVD..06DEN in that his heart.145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PR0VO''226O WASHINGTON did say was He

not voice his ache for the two bright ished for her.

faces missing from the Christmas "Yes. And about the baby—I be-

i USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS tabletude thatfor theMarie,first whotime, hadnor beenhis gratiin a lieve we'll think about that!"

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple far country, spiritually, had returned, "Yippee! She's as good as ours!"

sore throat and other minor mouth her old warm self, in time for Christshouted Jerry, picking Cinderella out and throat irritations. mas. But he met her smile as he of her chair and dancing madly about

raised his head and knew she underthe room with her. And, as if his

stood all he did not say. HALL'S REMEDY happinesssion, he burstmust forthhave infurtherhis squeaky,.expresSalt Lake City, Utah "The doorbell!"Jerry grumbled, adolescent voice,

<14()()<)'l)'l)l)lil)l}l)()4 leaving his heaping plate reluctantly.

"First it's the phone—"But he was "God rest ye, merry gentlemen,"

not quick enough. The door burst

open without his help and, on a And with one accord, the rest joined breath of fresh cold air, Cecily and in,

Glenn fairly blew into the room.

"Merry Christmas! Oh, Dad! Oh, 'Let nothing you dismay!"

990 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Unto the Least-"

(Continued from page 913)despite the fact that Christmas was Only One but two days away. Butch's case had

attracted wide attention because of the prominence of the injured boyand the agitation against hoodlumWinter Gasoline ism of which this seemed a typical example.

After a few other cases had been All Threedisposed of, Butch was brought in Does to receive his sentence. A wave of

whispering went over the room, but it stopped when the judge arose, and an air of expectancy replaced it.

Judge Thorne looked over the audience. Many of the faces were those

of friends and valued acquaintances.

Dr. Burke and his brother were there

with several associates from the clinic.

Some of young Gary's pals were in one corner. The judge well knew

what was expected of him. It was

not easy to go counter to their views of justice.

He looked at Butch, slumped in the defendant's chair. He wondered

what was going through the boy's mind. He wondered if Chuckie, denied admittance to the room because

of his age, was shivering outside, waiting this session. of the outcome

cleared throat. his Thorne Then Starts Cold Engines Easy

he began in a low voice, which nevertheless carried to the back of the room, "A great poet once wrote: Stops Winter Rust

'The quality of mercy is not strain'd;

It droppeth as the gentle rain from 2 to 18% More heaven

Upon blest; the place beneath: It is twice Knock -Free Power

It blesseth him that gives and him that takes: 'Tis mightiest in the mightiest: it SINCLAIR SO DIFFERENTIT'S PATENTED (U.S. Pat. No. 2,594,266)POWERXCONTAINS RD119 ANTIRUST becomes

The throne'd monarch better than his

... crown SEE YOUR SINCLAIR DEALER

isBut mercy above this sceptred sway,

It is enthroned in the hearts of kings,

It is an attribute to God himself.'"

He uttered the lines slowly and distinctly. Then he reached into his Hgzzzggzzzzza

pocket and took out a piece of crumpled brown paper. He spread

it before said, "Yesterday him and THE WEST GREW UP as the I was leaving courthouse with my mind fully made up to pronounce IN the sentence you all expected me to give in the case before us, this piece of paper was handed me by a little eightyear-old boy who had been waiting for me a long time. On it a AMERICA'S FINEST

few misspelled words are written. OVERALL

(Concluded on following page) zzzzzszzzz.

DECEMBER 1953 991 "UNTO THE LEAST-"

(Concluded from preceding page) side of Butch Moran's account would sits before me at this moment waiting

These are the words: 'Jedge pleeze still have a balance, even after his sentence, and by this note pleading

give Butch a nother chanct. Hes mi recent bad deed had been deducted. for mercy, I am paroling Butch Moran

bruther.'"It is Christmas time. It is the to Mrs. Thorne and myself. We have

"I want to tell you a story. Three time when we should think of Him prepared a home for Butch and his

years ago the boy who wrote that who gave his life for the sins of the brother Chuckie and have jobs for note was left alone in a hobo camp, world. I think we would all have them which will keep them from parfollowing a fighting escapade. That a happier Christmas if we would ticipating in activities such as brought

boy was found there the next morning look around us and find something Butch here.

by another boy, a few years older, we can do to show our remembrance "Mrs. Thorne and I hope that

whose mother had died when he was of Christ who had such mercy that these two boys can help to bring born, whose father was killed in a he died for us. Cannot each of us others like themselves, into an enmine explosion when the boy was five become some unfortunate brother's vironment that will assist them in beyears old. He took the abandoned keeper? Can we not help some of coming lawabiding, respected citilittle fellow to the shack he calls the least of God's children? zens. Perhaps some of you will cenhome and has cared for him ever "Because of such thoughts as these, sure me for what I am doing. Persince. He adopted him as his stimulated by the act of the boy who haps—some of you would like to

brother, and he loves him as few help us—with this little project—as

brothers love one another. He lost a Christmas present to homeless boys,

the only job he ever had because he to yourselves—to the Christ whose

stole food for this little 'brother'after birth we celebrate.

he had been injured by a falling "Court is dismissed."

wall in the shack where they live. There was a surprised silence for

"I wish there were some kind of a few seconds. Then a hum of apbank where credit for good deeds proving voices.

could be built up to balance misThe judge stepped to Butch's side.

takes and bad deeds. If there were "Shall we find Chuckie and go

such a bank, I am sure the credit home?"

nistinas

toyou

from all of us

St

HILAM) DAIE2"

992 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Melchizedek Priesthood

SUPERVISION OF SERVICEMEN

General Authorities of the Committee of High Councilmen Quorum Presidents

TheChurch suggest once again that current a file of all quorum Melchizedek Priesthood officers 1—Set up system whereby prompt re- 1—Keep

and bishoprics give careful attention ports will be made to bishops and quomembers in service and furnish bishops to all the Latterday Saint boys who rum presidents of names and addresses with a copy thereof.

are away from home in military servof servicemen. 2—Correspond at least once a month

each serviceman from quorum,ice. Most of them are young and 2—Obtain from stake president and with

giving encouraging him news and him deliver bishops to cards which upon theirare from and homes away live life, to clean a enclosing with each to bishops are report to general LDS first for the supervision timeChurch letter tracts, or three two including one servicemen's committee.

lives. willin their conbe They of on and Word the clean Wisdom interto bishops hold 3—Encouragefronted temptawith numerous new life (tracts to obtained be stake from views.

all oftions. of souls these young The mission president stake antiliquor- andmen are precious in the sight of the 4—Encourage bishops and quorum tobacco committee chairman).

presidents to correspond each month responsibility asLord; is our and it funds quorum send each 3—With with servicemen.

officers topriesthood service: in the do all we can quorum member

that ward and quorum 5—See to closeto sin keep from and them files a Era. Improvement The currently maintained.

the priesthood each Church. May section of "Church News"b—Weekly that bishops report to general are6—Seeofficer this in his responsibility take Deseret NewsTelegram. servicemen's committee. LDS fail to seriously notmatter do and

Eras, that Sections,""Church 7—See fullhis to every duty young man

tracts are sent to servicemen by Bishops his as and or thatfrom quorum ward quorum presidents and bishops.

servants of God we may stand guilt- 1—Contact each boy as soon as it is

less before our heavenly Father in this learned that he intends to enter the matter. service and ( 1 ) give him a copy of

Following is listed the RESPONSI- "So You Are Going Into Military ServBILITY OF: It is the business, duty, and power of the ice?"and (2) interview him about:

General LDS Servicemen's Committee eternalfoundationpriesthoodto bringto backcommencethe days,layingyears,the a—Maintenance of Church standards. and intelligence that have been lost through b—Understanding of gospel.

for exchange of cor- I transgression. to this intend course pursue c—Arrangements presidents to stake cards send 1—Will

I I so I possibly trust long as can. that to are report to bishops whichupon

shall will that act not an commit annoy organizations: Church my d—Attendingrespondence.general servicemen's committee. LDS I I feelings Savior. pray meet when my branches. (1)—Nearby of of send MorBook copy this for 2—Will every every and moment. day servicemen's (2)—Organized DirecPrinciples Gospel, andmon, of

groups. boys how to use tracts.tory3—Willto eachsendserviceman.copies of the pamphlet e—Instruct

into ServMilitary of Are"So priesthood Going You which of the Son The God, current of all a file ward boys 2—Keep is order perfect midst, a in have our for we distributionice?"bishops. by the

in this of alone system and government and receive correspondence and 4—Will

the deliver the from family from can high human councilmen 3—Obtainservice. questions.answer

evils which now afflict its members, and cards furnished by general LDS ServStake Presidency insureafter. them happiness and felicity hereicemen'swith eachCommitteeinterview andfill inoutconnectiontwo of

to said at and send committee or them of one a committee 1—Appoint Salt 47 East South Temple, Lake City, from stake Melhigh councilmenmore

chizedek and Aaronic Priesthood comThe priesthood of the Son of God in its Utah.

mittees. operations comprises the kingdom of God. 4—Correspond at least once a month

giving each serviceman, news and rewith monthly and receive 2—Request

life to live encouragement a clean councilports of high from committee men. (obtain tracts from stake mission presiis Priesthood the Holy upon the When dent and stake antiliquor-tobacco comservice- general from LDS 3—Obtain of fulness of the the kingdom and mittee chairman). deliver to committeemen's and it to requires people, the a has come comearth,Godmittee of high councilmen cards upon strict obedience to every point of law and 5—Send (through Aaronic Priestwhich information with respect to each doctrine and to every ordinance which the hood quorums) The Improvement Era,

serviceman is to be sent to the general Lord reveals. "Church News,"and tracts to Aaronic

LDS servicemen's committee.—From Discourses of Brigham Young Priesthood and nonpriesthood bearers.

DECEMBER 1953 993 The Presiding

How to Compute Percent Attendance at

Bishops Priesthood and Sacrament Meetings

Women Are Not Authorized HPhe end of our 1953 award year is the year, is the basis upon which his close at hand. We issue some percent attendance at these meetings is to Handle Tithes

pointed helps and suggestions for comto be computed.

puting attendance records at priesthood 2. If a boy does not attend a certain "Dishops should exercise care in

and sacrament meetings. priesthood meeting or sacrament meeting appointing persons to receive

It is recommended these instructions conducted in his own ward, he is marked tithes. Tithes should only be rebe carefully studied by all stake and absent unless he attended such meetceived by members of the bishopward committees for Aaronic Priesthood ing while away from home during the ric, the clerk, or a high priest

under 21 and that a review thereof be same week. The only exceptions to this appointed by the bishop.

conducted during the forthcoming stake rule are outlined on page 43 of the Women are not authorized to priesthood leadership meeting. new Handbook for Leaders of Aaronic receive or handle tithing. This

1. The number of priesthood meetings Priesthood Under 21. includes wives of bishops and

and of sacrament meetings conducted 3. Where a group of Aaronic Priestwives of bishops'counselors.

in a boy's ward of membership, during hood boys making up a quorum are It will be appreciated if bishops away from home during the time of will carefully observe this instructhe priesthood meeting held in their tion.

own ward and where they have no opFaithful Ward Teaching portunity to attend priesthood meeting

Aaronic Priesthood Under 21Brings Rich Reward infor anotherattendanceward,attheypriesthoodmay takemeetingcredit \\ Te sing the song, "Thanks for our provideda membera ofmemberthe quorumof the presidency,bishopric, Some Wards Not Supplied teachers who labor with care, and the quorum adviser or someone that we in the light of the gospel may assigned in his place are present and With New Handbooks share."This expression typifies the conduct a quorum meeting and follow

feeling which members have for teachthe order of business as outlined at the ers who expand the vision and increase beginning of each weekly lesson.

the understanding of those whom they 4. A priesthood meeting for all HANDBOOK FOR LEADERS

teach. Aaronic Priesthood bearers may be held

The word light is used frequently in while they are away from home provided the scriptures. The Savior said, "I am such meeting is conducted by a member

the light of the world: he that followeth of the bishopric. In such instance,

me shall not walk in darkness, but credit may be taken for attendance at shall have the light of life."(John priesthood meeting provided such meet-

8:12.) In the Sermon on the Mount, ings were held in their ward of memhe admonished his disciples, "Let your bership during the week they were ablight so shine before men, that they may sent from home.

see your good works, and glorify your

Father which is in heaven."(Matt. 5. Since all sacrament meetings are

5:16.) to be held in ward meetinghouses under

If a ward teacher has one purpose the direction of the bishop and his above another, it should be to radiate counselors, it is obvious that a boy must light. To do this, one has to teach attend such meeting held in his own

gospel truths, thereby leading souls out ward, or in another ward during the of darkness into light. same week, to receive credit therefor

The life of Helen Keller is a story on his quorum roll.

of a teacher who brought light to one 6. Priesthood or sacrament meetings

in darkness. Helen Keller in paying not attended during a given week may

tribute to her great teacher, Anne Sullinot be made up in succeeding weeks van, said, "She set my spirit free."The for any reason. A survey of wards not yet supplied

work of this patient, painstaking teacher with the new Handbook for Leaders is an example of superior teaching. of Aaronic Priesthood under 21 leaves

Without this excellent teacher, a great of spiritual light. Once they are shown us bewildered and wondering "why."

soul would have gone through life in the light of the gospel and comprehend Frequent announcements have been darkness, and her influence for good the saving power of its principles, many made of the availability of the new would never have been felt by the thoucan be brought into activity with its handbook since last April.

sands who now admire and respect her attendant joys. Like Helen Keller, Each member of stake and ward comfor the great faith her life exemplifies. they, too, will be forever grateful to mittees for Aaronic Priesthood under

There are still many souls who betheir teachers for having "set their spirits 21 should be supplied with the handcause of sin, indifference, and disfree."What greater compensation book which is furnished without

couragement are in darkness and in need could ward teachers desire or expect? charge.

994 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

Bishoprics Page

Senior Leaders Should Be Bishoprics Urged to Conduct Ward Aaronic Priesthood Meeting Faithfully Each Month

Chosen With Care T eaders for 'stake and ward committees for senior members of the Aaronic

Priesthood should be chosen on more than "fillthe-job"qualifications. Careful consideration and prayerful study

should be made of a prospective leader's experience, training, and personality, and he should be asked to serve where his services will be most effective. It

is very discouraging for a man to carry the responsibilitity of a job that he is not qualified to do well; and in addition, the program suffers greatly. On

the other hand, a man is happy when he is called to a position he is prepared to fill efficiently, and the work is blessed with capable leadership.

Care and wisdom should be exercised in filling the positions of the stake committee. Each position calls for

specialization. Careful study and consideration should be given all prospective leaders, and they should be

chosen whose temperament, training, and experience best fit the needs of the particular position or positions to be filled. Stake presidencies should choose

and appoint from the high council a chairman who is capable of leading men, one who has the ability and initiative to organize and promote a program, one who loves and is sympathetic to the needs of men who are not active in the Church.

The suggested specific assignments should be taken into consideration in 'T'he artist's sketch portrays the combined ward Aaronic Priesthood meeting to be choosing advisers on the stake commitconducted during the time of the second weekly priesthood meeting in each tee. The adviser responsible for orward each month.

ganization of ward committees and quoWhile we are receiving both positive and negative reports from bishoprics rums might be best chosen from those concerning this special meeting, the preponderance of positive reactions are most who have had executive experience in encouraging.

their chosen occupations and know the One bishop's reaction, typical of many others, will serve to indicate the value problems involved in organizing groups. placed on this particular meeting:

The one assigned to personal visits "At last, my counselors and I feel we have been given full opportunity to function should be one who knows the techreally as the presidency of the Aaronic Priesthood. We look forward to this

niques of motivation. He might well meeting each month when we can, in prayerful humility, visit and counsel with

be one trained or experienced in salesthose whom the Lord has placed under our presidency. We are in favor of the

manship. Inasmuch as quorum and meeting all the way."

cottage meetings are centered around teaching situations, the adviser assigned to meetings could well be chosen for his experience or training as a teacher. cessful, must be men of faith and should to be done, the need of good leadership,

One interested in and qualified to orbe endowed with qualities of patience, and that to choose well is to minimize ganize and promote recreational events courage, and tact. They should choose the need for training. The key to sucwould be the ideal choice for adviser leaders who love men and who are cess in choosing leaders is to envision

assigned to recreation and projects. The willing to spend the necessary time and the position to be filled with its many

secretary should be chosen for his ability effort to win their confidence and bring requirements, problems, and challenges, to do secretarial work. them back into activity in the Church. to give careful consideration to the qualBishoprics should be equally careful It isn't every man who can be a successities and abilities of the prospective

in choosing secretaries, group advisers, ful group adviser for senior members. leaders; and then, with the help of the

and quorum instructors. They should Stake presidencies and bishoprics Lord, choose the one who fits the posirealize that these leaders, to be sucshould realize the magnitude of the job tion best.

DECEMBER 1953 995 IRIS PARKER Editor

Fern Taggart's

Christmas Favorites

of LambFromming,theFernBig TaggartHorn Basinsendsin MerryWyoBarbecued Leg

Christmas wishes and some of her Select choice leg of lamb. Have

favorite recipes to her many friends butcher remove oil gland. After wiping

throughout the Church. Some of off with clean cloth, rub with salt and

put in open roaster. Place in 450 oven

these recipes you'll want to try immeand brown for a short while with the Fern Taggartdiately, such as the fruit cake—but fat side up. Pour over sauce made of:

you'll no doubt save the turkey hash till the day after Christmas. Sooner 1 cup tarragon vinegar

or later you'll get around to them all, 1 cup tomato catsup though; you must—they'll add color Va cuP Worcestershire sauce

and delightful variation to your own cookery. Baste frequently and after one hour

reduce heat to 300. Allow thirty minened. Serve on triangles of toast on a

utes to each pound. large platter with potato chips and

Ginger Ale Salad parsley as garnish.

Orange Glazed Sweet Potatoes This uses up the leftover turkey at 2 tablespoons or 2 packages gelatin holiday time and it is one of the TagY2 cup cold water 6 medium sized sweet potatoes or yams garts'favorites. Fern learned this

1 cup juice from canned pears I/3 cup white sugar recipe from a negro mammy named 1 cup pineapple juice Y$ cup brown sugar, firmly packed "Herbert,"famous for her cooking.

2 cups ginger ale 1 cup orange juice (or \/2 cup orange 2 tablespoons lemon juice juice and l/2 cup cider) Five Pounds Dark Fruit Cake paprika 1 teaspoon salt teaspoon Y2 8 halves drained pear tablespoons 2 cornstarch 1 pound raisins 8 maraschino cherries 1 tablespoon grated orange rind 1 pound currants or dates few slices pineapple 2 tablespoons butter x/ pound candied cherries green pepper Va pound citron Cook unpeeled sweet potatoes in boil- '/2 pound butter

Soak gelatin in cold water and add ing water until just tender. Mix re- \ l/2 cups (or more) nuts (Brazil nuts

juices from pears and pineapple brought maining ingredients together in pan are good) to boiling point. Stir until dissolved. and bring to a boil. Grease shallow 4 cups flour

Cool, add ginger ale and paprika. casserole. Place sliced sweet potatoes in 1 cup sugar

Let cool until it begins to set. Place pan and pour dressing over potatoes and y2 cup cider

cherry in center of each pear and small bake for one hour or until they are y2 cup grape or currant jelly strip of green pepper. Arrange half or glazed and tender. Baste frequently y2 cup sour cream

quarter slices of pineapple on either side with syrup. l/2 teaspoon soda

of pear halves. Place pear upside y2 teaspoon salt

down in gelatin until it hardens. Cut Turkey Hash y2 teaspoon nutmeg

1 tablespoon cinnamon squares.in Serve with mayonnaise and diced quarts cooked, turkey \y2 1 (not strong) molasses cup balls.cheese

slices pepper, green 2 chopped eggs fine 5 salad, a Christmas Fern adds either As cans small 2 mushrooms green or red food coloring to the hot 1 can pimento, sliced Prepare the fruits. Slice citron in

pear syrup and lets stand overnight on 2 stalks celery, chopped small pieces. Cream butter and sugar

pears, using the juice from another can salt and separate eggs. Add yolks to the

of pears for the clear liquid to dissolve 1 cup cream sugar mixture. Add liquid ingredients

the gelatin. Use contrasting maraschino 1 cube butter such as cream, jelly, molasses, and cider

cherries, red or green, in center of pear. 2 cups milk to half of flour and mix well. Add

Slices or quarters of apples can be V2 CUP flour spices, soda, salt, and nuts to remaincolored in the same pear juice. If deing half of flour. Blend all together.

sired, cinnamon or clove candies can Combine turkey, green pepper, mushLast add beaten egg whites. Line pans

be added to spice the apple. Combine rooms, pimento, celery, and salt and with waxed paper. Bake in slow oven

with banana, pineapple, cream cheese, bring to a simmer. Make thickening of (250 F.) three to three and onehalf

or cottage cheese and grapes for another cream, butter, milk, and flour. Add to hours. Place a pan containing two cups

salad or as slices around Christmas ham. other ingredients and cook until thickof water on bottom shelf of oven while

996 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

baking. Cakes baked with water have

greater volume, a more moist texture, - and a smooth shiny glaze.

Prune Cake 1 cup sugar [Glwslmas ife 1 cup sour cream

butter cup Y2 ** by separated eggs 3 BOYCO 71 \ l/2 cups flour 1 teaspoon soda 1 teaspon nutmeg 1 teaspoon cinnamon 1 teaspoon allspice 1 cup chopped stewed prunes to make your gar u o l/2 cup juice from prunes (scant) chores "fjL&ht steel y!rUg salt eer8etlySlanced l/2 teaspoon p cup nut meats %?naeasy'handtog- *,9 for

Cream butter and sugar, add cream and egg yolks, then spices and flour.

Mix well and add prunes. Add juice

from prunes and nuts. Fold in egg

whites with the soda added and beaten stiff. Bake in a 350 oven until it tests done with a toothpick, about 45 minraM

utes (can be kept in the deep freeze).

Frost with either of the two following -We oSete frostings: Garden PTools...besetwithof: wanteVardenBoyco

Raisin Nut Frosting > CaUS HfWUy balanced heads 3 cup sour cream nuts cup 2 lAff raisins your hands.. cup 2

Vi2 cup sugar 1 egg iiii$:: l-Sff"Butter size of an egg

1 teaspoon vanilla

raisins, nuts, sour cream, Combine five butter sugar, and boil minBoyco Canteens... for\j egg, and

utes. Add vanilla. Cool slightly and

cake. spread on warm i mmmm qtV 2?4or wi*i 1man"A %J*6 jaWaalvanizedand 8 qt covered blanket Frosting Coconut

hike a short S tablespoons melted butter whether tnp... oVlfong camping cup cream lA

2A cup brown sugar 1 cup moist, shredded coconut i. teaspoon vanilla

Combine all ingredients and spread over warm cake. Brown lightly in

broiler. woman's work is v&ca.

eVen for Ser 'tions...Heres a helper{resh Fried Indian Bread 11 keep that or you d 3 cups allpurpose flour and beverages,& g&1

baking teaspoons 4 powder ffiX*** without spigots. salt teaspoons 2

2 tablespoons sugar \y4 to iy2 cups lukewarm water (no focal at suggestions your See these BOYCO gift milk!)

store. sporting or department, garden hardware, goods

Sift all dry ingredients together, add all liquid at once, and mix like biscuit UNITED STATES STEEL PRODUCTS dough. The less the dough is handled, DIVISION

the better. Divide dough into four UNITED STATES STEEL COMPANY

parts and let rise for five to ten min5100 SANTA FE AVE., LOS ANGELES, CALIF.. 1849 OAK ST., ALAMEDA, CALIF.

utes. Roll out to y& inch thickness.

Fry in hot deep fat like doughnuts.

(Continued on following page) DECEMBER 1953 997 Cook cranberries, sugar, water, cinnaKnow Your IDS Cooks mon, and cloves until berries are soft.

fine strainer Put through cool. and Pour

(Continued from preceding page) into freezing tray firm. and freeze When

(The Taggarts attended a Crow Inready to serve, put this delicious ice dian celebration near the Custer battleinto chilled bowl, add well chilled pinegrounds. About four thousand Indians apple, lemon juice, and ginger ale.

were present—Crows, Cheyennes, BlackMix well before you serve it. This

foot, Arapahoe, Cherokee, and a few makes about three quarts of wonderful

Stone. They were invited to and endrink. It can take even more sparkling

joyed eating at the camp of Crow Chief water if you like.

Yellow Tail. Two of his daughters

were there, both college graduates. They HThere you have some of Fern Tagprepared the roast, buffalo gravy, brown gart's favorite recipes. Her and all the trimmings. Taggarts The

is repertoire if almost unlimited, and watched them the Fried make Indian

Bread, which they enjoyed so much, you should meet her, ask her somethey asked for the recipe, given above.) time for her recipe for icebox cookies,

orange layer cake, French dressing, or aniyou its Pancho Pie chocolatemight ask iceboxher howdessert.she becameAnd suchyou

Pancho Villa, that fabulous desperado a wonderful cook. Ever modest, she'll willm of the Southwest and Mexico, gave his tell you that she is just an "ordinary"

to the following tasty name dish. It that she loves it because cook—but that seems of his one on quick numerous

is chief interest her in her home. trips across the wild and mountainous Her husband, Grant Taggart, insurstretches of Mexico, Pancho's cook found

that he had no more corn husks to wrap ance executive, loves good food. The the tamales in, so he baked them in a children—daughter Kay, and twin

sons, Hal It pottery dish instead. have homes was an inand Cal—now

of their stantaneous success then, own, will but in past years she and be7 and. );.

with your family, too, if they, like the learned to cater to their hearty appeTaggarts, enjoy savory, wellseasoned tites.

foods. Here is how to make Pancho Besides cooking, Fern's chief hobby

Pie. is interior decorating. There have

been additions to the original log

Saute in large frying pan: home in which the Taggarts beganSKBagnnil 1 green pepper their married life and the result is a

3 cloves garlic.. spacious and lovely ranch type house,

2 tablespoons shortening particularly appropriate in the wide open spaces of Wyoming. It bears

To this add: the mark of her talent for decorating

1 pound ground round steak and of her individuality and colorful 1 teaspoon chili powder personality.

2 teaspoons salt Grant and Fern Taggart have a face cabin of the the Big on Horn ten minutes, Cook then add: HULMAN & COMPANY that to as is almost Mountains dear cups cooked tomatoes l l/2 TERRE HAUTE. INDIANA

is It as their in them Cowley. 1 home corn cup creamed

only thirtythree miles from town so

Boil briskly, then stir in: in the summer time they try to spend

y2 cup corn meal two or three days of each week there.

1 milk cup It has setting a beautiful natural order now for minced cup!/2 the quaking olives among pines and

Christmas 1 cup cooked mushrooms and sagebrush and afTords a breathaspens

Bake until set, about an hour, at taking view of the surrounding valley.

325 in an uncovered casserole and Besides her family, Fern's other Gospel garnish with shaved lettuce. great love is the gospel. The Taggarts

have been active in the Church all

Cranberry Frappe their lives. Fern has always worked Ideals in the MIA: she served nine years as

Selections from the 2 cups fresh cranberries ward Mutual president and five years

Discourses of President 2 cups sugar as president of the Big Horn Stake

3 sticks cinnamon member of the high council of the David O. McKay 2 cups water YWMIA. At present Grant is a cloves 6 whole

Big Stake. Horn

juice cups pineapple At All Church Bookstores 2 that the Christmas season 1 Now juice cup lemon 598 pages $4.00 1 quart sparkling water or 1 quart is drawing near, the Taggart home

ginger ale will take on a particularly happy 998 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA air. Christmas Eve will see the three

children and five grandchildren ALL-O-WHEAT'S the parentalgathered under roof for 3 DIMENSIONS again.a short time The Christmas

tree, perhaps decorated spectacularly as it was last year with red satin bows, G balls, will green lights,yellow and of attention.get its share the But in I / BfcAWTaggart household, as in Latterday V

the world,Saint homes throughout true E thethe emphasis will be on season; of the Christmasmeaning for V &m believe to practhey sincerely and try Y

tise the teaching of the Savior, to "seek ye first the kingdom of God O all these righteousness;and his and U J WmPEMk shallthings you."be added unto

Natural, golden wheat flavor—as nature intended

Natural vitamins and minerals—as nature intended

Natural freshness—as nature intended HANDY HINTS

all cereal contains AH-O-Wheat 3-dimensions the of kernel, wheat before and for will Payment Hints used be Handy after Its milling. delicious, is natural flavor not Its "toasting."changed by

dollar one publication. event the upon In is nutritive value retained it milling by modern methods so enneeds no... that the with two idea submitted, are same riching restoring. or added. No preservatives fresh shipped the Made and same

the earlier will one postmarked receive the day.

dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

but each will receive careful consideration. Easy to buy... Easy to cook... Easy to try

Hanging plants can be watered right in the living room if a plastic dish cover is slipped over the bottom of each pot to ALL-O WHEAT CEREAL CO.

catch the drip. Mrs. H.J., York, Pa. OGDEN, UTAH

Makers of All-O-Wheal Flakes and Stoneground Whole Wheat Flour

If machine needle gets blunt, slip a fine sandpaper under the presser foot and sew a few stitches through the sandpaper to make a sharp point to the needle. E.A.,

Louisville, Miss.

To keep a ball of yarn from rolling on the floor when tying a quilt, I slip the ball of yarn over the tongs of a curling iron and then clip the tips of the tongs to the quilt.—Mrs. E. P., Portland, Oregon.

When popping corn, grease the bottom of a pressure cooker. Heat the grease and

spread corn on the bottom of the cooker.

Put the lid on but be sure to leave the—Mrs.escape F.valveR., Lakeside,open whileOregon.corn is popping.

When you cut poinsettias to bring in the house, rub the cut ends in salt immediately, then burn the cut edge over a burner of your kitchen range, or plunge in boiling water. Last, plunge the cut stems in'cold

water. Now they are ready for the vase.

—P.F.S., Phoenix, Arizona.

Whenever you buy celery, cook the tops with an onion, strain, add salt, and mix with a bottle of your canned tomato juice.

Use about onethird celery juice. Delicious!

It utilizes all those wonderful nutritious celery tops. Mrs. P.S.B., Logan, Utah.

Largest selection of gifts and toys

Meringue for chilled puddings can be in Salt Lake City. Orders placed

cooked by placing, in spoonfuls, on top of before December 15 will be deof water browningpan and in oven. It BY THE MAKERS livered in time for Christmas.is easily transferred to the then pudding.

—Mrs. G. H., Hinckley, Utah. MARCAL PAPER NAPKINS

DECEMBER 1953 999 Gay Christmas

Wrappings

ore and more we're going back to some of the oldfashioned ideas of Christmas giving M sharing our fruit cakes, cookies, jellies, and homemade candies with our loved ones.

There is no gift that can demonstrate your love and thoughtfulness more than something you have fashioned through your own effort and ingenuity. And the finishing touch

to this gift from the kitchen—and the

heart—is an individual wrapping.

You can let yourself go when you decorate these gifts. Trim the jelly

glass with rows of gay red balls or e#gofal Favorite fasten a pine cone and a spring of

One of the nicest treats at this season holly on the lid. A miniature Santa

is Royal Fruit Cake. Claus makes a gay topper, too.

Here is fruit cake just as delicious as Your fruit cake will look elegant in of choice you would make at home—full

raisins, nuts, citron, orange and a wrapping of glistening cellophane pecan lemon peel, glazed cherries and pinetied with satin ribbon and some shiny apple. Christmas tree balls.

Enjoy it often—all during the fruit A bag of pinenuts is a gift with a

cake season. Get a Royal Fine Fruit Cake true western flavor. Shape the bag

next time you shop. Your grocer has it in like a miniature Christmas stocking

one, two, three and five pound packages. and have a Santa Claus peeping out

Ideal to serve to company—yet of the top.

inexpensive enough that you can Start early collecting empty candy serve it to the whole family often! boxes and get in your supply of

wrappings and ribbons and package decorations before the selection is depleted. Remember—the appearance

of the package is an indication of the care you've taken in the choice of the gift itself.

Fine Fruit Cake

Royal Baking Company Salt Lake and Ogden

vmgg0&9"1 MINIATURE FRENCH TAPESTRIES

IMPORTED, Woven on Hand

Gift. Heirloom

Imported pair *'*This of H 11 tTi!ii\ Looms in Silk. The Perfect mil French TapesMiniature 1 s''"**

trios Pavane'and "La—IB'

Villageois."Hand "Danse IH Kh8l3lP.'m in Colors, Vibrant Tintod IHwslf; Wk m Matted Vft and Framed 5x6 Kr*

inches. Fits decorating any

truly a Will make B rv- r *3& SB

Gift. Christmas a scheme.practical

Pair The $8,75 Tax and JkjjjM MWk Postage Check, Money Wm 1|H Paid or C.O.D. M MailOrderOrders:

Inc. Imports Western S (j>V/t) pair* "mk

Bldg. Medical Suite 200 Smoot The personal touch means much to the

6, City Salt Lake So. 11th East 2046 Utah recipient.

1000 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SmeSET pancakes have sour cream buttermilk

Holiday right in Nuggets the mix/ n by Marion Ullmark

Arehouseyou thismakingChristmas?candy atIf youryou

are and the children, as children ANDWAFFI always do, beg to help, just turn them loose on this recipe. It requires absolutely no cooking and is a truly

delicious candy. Both boys and girls

can have lots of fun making these nuggets and still more fun eating them I First, combine:

y2 pound seeded dates 1 pound figs, stemmed 1 pound raisins 1 pound nut meats.

Second, put all these ingredients famous food authrough the coarse cutter of a meat thority of General grinder. You can chop them in a Mills, says: "These

chopping bowl if a grinder is not are real sourcream, available. buttermilk pancakes

Third, roll the mixture into small like your grandmother balls. If it is too stiff to handle easily

add one or two tablespoons of either used to make. They're

orange or lemon juice. light, tender, buttery...

Fourth, roll the finished candies in taste wonderful. Easy too.

powdered sugar. The buttermilk is right in the

This is a rich and very good candy. mix. Try them now. They're delicious."

It's fine 'to serve when friends drop in during the holidays. Here's a

friendly word of warning, though, better recipe written cards some have PANCAKE & WAFFLE MIX for eats everyoneand ready, who one Shrrjr of these nuggets will ask how to make them! SPERRY"AND "BETTY CROCKER"ARE REGISTERED TRADEMARKS OF GENERAL MILLS. INC.

DECEMBER 1953 1001.. a

NEW LOWER PRICES!

07/metican Seating FOLDING CHAIRS OUTLAST ALL OTHERS!

Unequaled for strength, comfort, safety, convenience OVER 10 MILLION NOW IN USE!

Choice of 3 seat styles... Formed Birch Plywood.

All Steel... ImitationLeather Upholstered

OUTNUMBER ALL OTHERS IN CHURCH USE!

--MAIL COUPON TODAY!-----r—

AMERICAN SEATING COMPANY DEPT. 169, GRAND RAPIDS 1, MICHIGAN

Please send your latest brochure on

American seating folding Chairs.

I am interested in (quantity Wood seats Steel seats Upholstered

For School For Church Name While wax is hot it can be beaten to the consistency of whipped cream and then

Streetspooned onto the candle.

City and Zone State How to Color Homemade Candles Mm 111 by Evelyn Witter Switch to Christmas is a time for candles—the By combining white candle stubs

that GOOD more,is the theeconomicalmore Christmassy.way to getHerea withshadingscoloredcan becandlemade. stubs, unique

supply of festive candles on hand for Now that you have achieved the the holidays—color them yourself. color you desire, you are ready to Jiff MORNING You no doubt have a lot of old make the candles. Pour the hot wax

candle stubs around the house. Melt into molds, not forgetting a string MILK them down, the white or light colored through the center for a wick. A

ones together. Decide what colors small, empty milk carton is a good

orninq you want them. mold if you want a short, square canYou may use any oil paint that dle.

comes in a tube by thinning to a liquid The long, slender tapers must be with turpentine before pouring into dipped, and it is simple to do them at hot wax. home. Just dip a piece of string—

A piece of melted crayon will also little longer than the length of the do a good job of coloring your candles. candle you desire—into hot wax.

If you would like some green candles, Then dip it in a bottle of cold water;

just add a bit of green crayon. Rethen back into the wax again—and

member, a small piece will go a long this you continue until your candle is way. the diameter you wish. Drip hot wax

Lipstick ends can be used to make over the surface of the candle for inLet us help you.. red candles, so popular at the yuleteresting effects, or you may prefer it

BRING YOUR RELATIVES, tide. with a smooth surface.

FRIENDS from EUROPE Bring your families by air or sea and let us worry about APPOINTEES TO THE M.I.A. GENERAL BOARDS

the tape. red can We assist (Concluded from page 897) rum of Bonneville Ward, Bonneville with the necessary all of you

arrangements and book all was pursuing his graduate studies; (Salt Lake City) Stake.

transportation.

Call or write today for all details: assistant stake superintendent of Dr. Engar is married to the former

YMMIA in University (Salt Lake Amy Kathryn Lyman and the couple a son and a daughter. UNIVERSAL City) Stake; drama director of Enhave

SERVICE, TRAVEL Mrs. Milner has been assigned to INC. sign (Salt Lake City) Stake; and, the Junior Gleaner committee and Temple Square Hotel

SALT LAKE CITY at this appointment to the general Dr. Engar to the drama committee of

Phone 5-5924 board, instructor in the elders'quothe general boards.

1002 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA New Approaches to

Book of Mormon Study

(Concluded from page 919)such a devoted priest as a sly forger?"Samson

The answer is, Yes! "It can be proventhat the Archbishop when it suited Folding

his purpose had not the slightest America'sscruple against taking crooked paths Chairs when it appeared that he could notreach his goal by straight ones."Number One

and understands knows "Whoever the Middle Ages, how Save 3 Waysthe men of 1. Low Cost!many of them, though excellent bishPUBLIC

ops, abbots, clerics, and monks by the 2. Low Maintenance Cost!

standards of the time, practised falsi- 3. Long Life!fication of documents—Hincmar of SEATING Most economical of all

Rheims, Adaldag of MarburgBremen, public seating buysFrederick of Salzburg, Piligrim of PasSamson Folding Chairs!

sau, Thietmar of Meresburg, Pope Finest welded tubularsteel

Calixtus II, Wilibald of Stablo, Abbot construction. Bonderized

Giselber of Laach—will answer with and finished in deluxe

chipresistant baked an unqualified affirmative"the quesenamel to conform to tion, "could Lanfranc have been a U. S. Bureau of Standards

common forger?"17 specifications.

Joseph Smith was either telling the First choice of schools, hotels, institutions churches, business concerns truth or he was a criminal—not just a andfool—and no sentimental compromises everywhere.

will settle anything. It is base subterfuge to refuse to apply the fair testswhich the Prophet himself freely inSCHOOLZCMIand OFFICE

will just as vited surely and which

Y SUPPL is as lying if he him condemn Salt Lake City they 29 E. 1st South

will vindicate him if he is telling the Phone 3-1575—Ext. 291

truth. 18

(To be continued)

Bibliography

12Joh. Haller, Niklaus I. und Peudoisidor

(Stuttgart: Cotta, 1936), pp. 158 I.

lzIbid., pp. 181 f. uIbid., pp. 182 ff. gritos RECIPE OF THE MONTH

H. Willrich, Urkundenfdhchung in der

hellenistischjudischen Literatur, Heft No. FRITOS MACAROONS

21, N.F., in Forschungen zur Religion u. 2430

Literatur des Alten u. des Neuen Testa- 2 tbsps. Shortening

ments (1924), pp. 3f. % cup Sugar

cup Coconut % 1BIbid., p. 4. Baking Powder V2 tsp.

less or Salt tsp. x 'Heinr. Bohmer, Die Fdlschungen or Rolled Quick Oatmeal cup Ezbis- %V4

chofs (Leipzig, Lanfrancs Canterbury von crushed slightly Chips Corn FRITOS 2 cups 1902), being VIII, i, of Studien zur Gesch. 2 Eggs

d. Theologie u. Kirche, p. 126. Directions:

Beat eggs well and mix with oatmeal. Let stand while

"This is the usual classification. Frd. creaming the sugar and shortening. Combine the two

Leist, Urkundenlehre (Leipzig, 1893) dimixturespowder andandsalt.addDropcoconut,by spoonfuls,FRITOS orcornshapechips,into walnutbaking

vides his whole book into external, internal size balls, and spread on baking sheets. Bake 15 minutes

characteristics of documents; this differs in moderate oven at 350 degrees F.

slightly from external vs. internal evidence, FRITOS is the registered trademark of the Frito Co.

the former being information coming from latter outside, the information contained A MEALTIME TREAT THAT'S HARD TO BEAT! itself. entirely in the document

DECEMBER 1953 1003.

DIAGRAMS oncernina utppo6itlon5.. Illustrating Latter - day Saint

principles with complete scripRichard L. Evans

tural references and condensed summaries of Church doctrines. s young people face their formal education, there may be

helpful Extremely for teachers, puzzling questions that present many themselves, A some students, and all Church memconcern the constant of of which discovery new knowledge, bers.

some of which concern the flux and shiftings of conflicting

Author, A. P. Merrill theories. The past century or so has seen a profound unfoldPRICE—$1.00 EACH ment of truth, and the mind of man has been permitted by

the Almighty to penetrate further in some fields than in

Available at several centuries preceding. But the past century or so has

DESERET BOOK COMPANY alsosome seensuppositionsmuch unprovablethat have lackedor unprovedsound substance.speculation,Theorieswith

44 East South Temple come and go, and dogmatism for any tentative concept,

Salt Lake City 10, Utah academic or otherwise, ill becomes anyone. And of those

who are dogmatic in teaching popular but unproved opinions—indeed, of all of us—let these questions be asked:

Who knows of a textbook that will not be revised? Who

knows of a process that will not be improved? Who knows

PLAN TO ENROLL of a theory that is not subject to further findings? Who

knows what holds the universe together—or even the smallest JANUARY 4 particle of it? Who knows what keeps it in its course? We

may have found some of the factors and forces, but we know for Beauty Culture so much less than all there is to know. And with the most

Study at learnedto the studentoften disagreeingfacing an withoverwhelmingothers whofloodare mostof factslearned,and of alleged facts, it would not seem to be amiss to say: ReWEBER COLLEGE spectfullywhat is presentedconsider inwhatthe isclassroom—andin the books; respectfullyrespectfullyconsiderreserve

judgment where teachings come in conflict with other teachBecome a Licensed Beautician ings. There is so much that all of us together do not know.

There is so much of supposition, of opinion, so much that is

For information contact subject to further finding. But fortunately there are some

LORENZO E. PETERSEN great unchanging truths in the universe, and he who keeps

Director Vocational Education creation in its course is the Source of them all. And we need

not be unsettled by the shifting theories until the theories themselves are settled; until the conflicts are composed; until

men know much more than they know now. In the meantime, we can search and seek and cling to the great truth

that truth does not come in conflict with truth. With an

open mind to truth, we shall someday know the answers that we so much seek. And until we know, we can walk

confidently into the future—with faith.

VL SaoLn Word om temple square

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, OCTOBER 18, 1953 Copyright, 1953 Dept. HF, 712 S. State SaltLEATHERLake City, UtahCO.

"NATIONWIDE-A TANDY STORE NEAR YOU""CHOOSE YOU THIS DAY'

T. Brinkerhoff Hilma By OFFER... WE ". will serve"as ye we're this choosing, will say, And day.. choose some you whom COMPLETE A live swerve never but "Forget high today."counting, tomorrow, wisdom With SERVICE ENGRAVING is fail right; believe Will or to plan be weak that you which we From

From Missionary Portraits to the Largest Remember always, "right is might."For that higher sphere God laid for man?

Catalogues.

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention Choose you this day to whom you'll kneel Then choose this day whom you will serve;

feel evil stirred Satan's plan with knee; you bended and as On CO. UTAH ENGRAVING the Christ's that righteous word, return thanks Thanksgiving, way, own to Him Or

St. 113 Regent Salt Lake City, Utah

I'll as for serve the Lord. But who gives me

His light and truth to all who live.

1004 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Children's Books (Continued from page 911) young Abe Lincoln) by Virginia S.

Eifery, (Dodd, Mead & Company);

The Brush of Angel's Wings (the story of a country doctor) by Werlin

Windell (The Naylor Company);

Lee, The Gallant General by Jeanette

First Magellan,Eaton, and Around (WilWILL HOLD YOUR GIFT Stobbs by Williamthe World liam Morrow & Company, Inc.); UNTIL CHRISTMAS!Pike of Pike's Peak by Nena Brown

Baker (Harcourt Brace & Company);

Buckskin Scout (twenty tales of adventure) by Marion Renick and

Margaret T. Tyler (World Publishing Company). Andrew Carnegie

(Julian Messner) by Alvin F. Harlow

relates the biography of the man whose contributions to our lives may be only mentioned through his endowment of libraries, colleges, muMAN'S HANDSOME 5-DIAMOND THE FAMOUS

WATERTITE RINGS WATCH WEDDING RING DIAMONDONYXseums. shockresist- ladies Waterresistant, or Either man's black onyx, Gleaming a

dustproof, ant, antimag- beautiful-. both style set in sparkling diamond... with will open Books which up new netic. Fine 17-j. movement, set ly with and designed.. mountgold fine handwrought

! fully guaranteed flashing diamonds. 5 ing. toworlds our children and introduce

the fascinating studiesthem to of $33 75 $5000 $1995 science,nature, engineering, and related subjects are becoming more plentiful year. of Typical each these EASY PAYMENTS Inside Earth?, theare What's What's

Inside of Engines?, and What's Inside

Animals?, (William Morrowof & ORDER ORDER S. Herbert Zim; InbyCompany)

MAIL! MAIL! "Famous for Diamonds BY BYsects: Secret Their (William World

Sloane Associates) by Evelyn Cheesman; Microbes At Work (William

Morrow & Company) by Millicent Corner Main & Broadway in Salt Lake City

E. Selsam; Rocks, River, and the Ogden, Utah Provo, Utah Boise, Idaho Twin Falls, Idaho Lewiston, Idaho

Changing Earth (William R. Scott)

by Herman and Niva Schneider;

What Makes the Wheels Go Round (Harcourt, Brace & Company) by

Edward G. Huey; Water For People

(Sir R. Reidman) and Planet Earth Enroll forby Rose Wyler, Henry Schuman; WINTER TERM

More Power To You by Herman and

Scott Schneider Books).Nina (Young Jan. 4, 1954 that should type of book One be NOW which begins

very attractive to young people features reproductions of real photoNow is the time to develop or calendar year. Make your resolution

"brush up"on those commercial skills for success by enrolling in day or evengraphs accompanied by a minimum you need. Take advantage of the coning classes. Reliable, experienced inof reading material. Books in this fining winter days, and be prepared struction, personal guidance, and

class are The Duck (Harper & Brothtunitieswhen springahead.comesGainfor confidencegreater opporand genuineyours at interestL.D.S. in your future are

ers), photos by Ylla, story by Marup-tothe-minute efficiency you need We shall be happy to assist you in garet Wise Brown; Around About by mastering the fundamental business any way possible—arranging your

Me (The Warner Press, Elizabeth B. requirements. tionsprogram,for you,securingand manylivingotheraccommodaservices.

Jones); Let's Go To The Brook Make Your Resolutions Now Write for further information TODAY.

(Doubleday & Company, Inc.) HarOur Winter Term starts out a new Youcomewillat receive,.. a warm, friendly welriet E, Huntington; Zoo Babies (William Morrow & Company, William

Bridges); What I Know About Girls

and What I Know About Boys (Hanover House) by Louise Redmond. Branch of Brigham Young University Howto do books for young people

(Concluded on following page) 70 MOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY

DECEMBER 1953 1005

CHILDREN'S BOOKS

{Concluded from preceding page) Simple basic meals and several variaare worth while if they are well done, tions make it a handy book to turn as is The Cook-a-Meal Cook Book by over to the ten to fourteenyear-old

Garel Clark (Young Scott Books.) for the parents'day off.

WILLAMETTE STAKE GOES CAMPING

(Concluded page from 902) too, young The men, the time had make 32 styles it School board began School. Sunday of their lives. life reand Camp to select easy (The number been had swelled by sponsibilities carried were forward

visitors from Eugene and a nearby much as they were earlier with the forest camp.) Stake President Ralph girls in camp. (The stake presidency ionai m\*$

at leading B. Lake was to $25., $2 the speaker at the evening provided trophies, two for one the Bible stores everywhere sacrament meeting. in atwas He girls and for the boys, one to be

tendance for the entire week. awarded to the group that showed the

During the afternoon President best sportsmanship and camp manHarry N. Wright of the stake presiagement—both trophies were awarded

national BIBLES dency was joined by Mr. Milton to Springfield Ward. There were

KING JAMES (AUTHORIZED) VERSION Koupal of the forestry service in conhiking, swimming, and sports. In

ducting discussions on nature. all there were about one hundred

Monday evening the girls were members of the Aaronic Priesthood given to find five minutes friend a new in attendance. espeThursday was

'::::::;;.;::::::::::,:.:::::.:::::::::::::::::-:v:.-.---- in camp, several and then of them cially devoted to individual troop

called were to introduce their upon leadership in the Scouting program, friends to new the group.

and the Aaronic Priesthood program. Hie ONLY mi Ik Tuesday was another grand day

but it was the last day for the girls Saturday afternoon came too soon, the camp had to be cleaned and vabut the week will always live in the made especially cated, for the boys of Willamette hearts of the young folk of Willamette

Stake were arriving that evening. Stake.

for babies.

THESE TIMES

(Concluded from page 890) life and civilization may rest in doubt in these times, may the suggestion be until adequate procedural means are offered that you also examine the found to reconcile, without resort to formula carefully and submit improve- "hot"armed conflict, the major powers r Evaporated ments on it to either your Congressman in foreign affairs.

or the Secretary of State, directly. Nearly This is the fateful issue as we apall else that we appear to treasure in proach the end of 1953.

y'Unbreakable... moulded CHURCH BOOKRACK

to look like glass. Light-

nomical.: weight, Standardnoise free.height.Eco- (Concluded from page 902) TREASURES UNEARTHED

Stewart. dealer. (Ora Pate Order from your Bookcraft, other principles and change many Salt Lake

SB 167 SPECIAL OFFER 1953. Still, 154 pages. not. of our $1.00.) quotable mateCity. much Doz. $1.25

lot trial $1.00 Mail for of of this author The rial of these subjects has volume from has long come

sent postpaid. one dozen

a study of made Authorities the of General long since have Book who Mormon,

Mass. St.. 14. Boston Sudbury 55 BRASS GOODSO.

life. the and of their is earth Book completed Dr. Here, a fertile Mormon

Hunter, of the First Council of the field for study. Littleknown stories

Seventy, has made a collection of these and incidents and facts are woven into and many more topics, from the sermons the fabric of this study to make fascinatDRINK of the living General Authorities, and ing and informative reading. Since we

here so recently that they're hooves all of us to know every available ficq A delightful workfrom those who have finished their rise with the Book of Mormon, it behot beverage for those memory remains vivid. The book is detail concerning it. This book will

who don't drink coffee. enhanced by recent photographs of the help in an understanding of littleknown

AT: YOUR GROCERS speakers. A. L. Z., Jr. facts.—M. C. /.

1006 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Marion D. Hanks Give the Whole Family a Christmas Present

(Concluded from page 915) a submarine chaser on extended South

Pacific duty. Here he was the only for the

LDS member of the crew and was selected by the ship's captain to serve Home of Refinement as the chaplain for the some two hundred officers and men on board ship.

He married Maxine Christensen in Tolerate Bathroom Odors?1949, the daughter of Elder and Sister Why

Ellwood Christensen of Honolulu, who themselves had once served toinTheyourDeodor-allbathroomis a fixturesventilatorto whichremoveusesall naturalobjectionablechannelsbathroomalready gether in the Japanese Mission. The odors from their source.

ceremony took place in the Hawaiian

Temple. The couple have two

daughters: Susan Gay, 3; and Nancy Unconditionally Guaranteed 5 years

Marie, 2. THE DEODORALL WILL THE DEODORALL IS:

Elder Marion Duff Hanks was born

October 13, 1921 in Salt Lake City, ** PositivelyAdapt to anyEliminateFixturesBathroom Odors OutAutomaticof Sight as the youngest of seven children of * Last Indefinitely Inexpensive

Stanley Alonzo and Maude Frame Quiet

Hanks. His father, a municipal judge

of Salt Lake City, died when Marion $10.00 SAVE NOWwas two years old. In responding to the

SPECIAL OFFER INTRODUCTORY ON call to take his place among the GenFor Information as to how to eliminate batheral Authorities of the Church, Elder room odors completely send coupon to

Hanks said in part: My Name Sold by

Service Contractor & Supply father, I... whom. to my

I My Address..I when away not did Division Ventilating payknow—hetribute:. passed

angel mother who awas my baby;—to

to sixreared of us... my brothers and City & State. 444 West SeventhSalt LakeSouthCity 4, UtahPhone 225670

sisters, each of whom I love, and who have given service to this Church....

His widowed mother reared six children to maturity.

He found time, in the past several years, to serve in many nonchurch assignments in Salt Lake City. He

has served as president of the Emigration chapter, Sons of the Utah Pioneers; for three years as chairman of

the speakers'bureau of the Salt Lake

City Community Chest; and more

recently as Salt Lake County cochairman of the Cancer Society.

The Church indeed welcomes this young man who has done so much for the youth of the Church in the Salt

Lake City area, and been active

You save time on long distance calls when you CALL BYcivically, as he is called to his position and trust—as a member of the NUMBER.

First Council of the Seventy of the P.S. Ask for a free "Blue Book'* of personal telephone

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday numbers at the telephone business office.

Saints.

The Mountain States Telephone & Telegraph Co.

HEADQUARTERS FOR L.D.S.

IN LAS VEGAS. NEVADA [

YE KINGS REST MOTEL 526 SOUTH 5TH STREET Dr. Harold B. Foutz, Owner

SALT LAKE COSTUME CO. Edgar H. Foutz. Manager

248 So. Main St., Salt Lake City - Dial 3-1031 Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout

DECEMBER 1953 1007

YourPagecL

Fort Lee, Va. Uniontown, Pa.

Dear Sirs: Dear Brothers and Sisters:

would like to congratulate you on the very excellent work you f noticed an item I thought may be of interest. I am of the

I do on your magazine. I've only received one issue so far, but 1 Monongahela, Pennsylvania, Branch.

that one issue I literally poured myself through. The only thing The following is a little advice to drinkers entitled "How to

wrong is that the magazine comes out once a month; I would drink and give security for your family."

like it better if it came out several times a month. 1. Buy your wife one bottle of whiskey for $6.00.

2. Buy all your whiskey from your wife at $.50 a double drink.

hi Pvt. Burton W. Ray 3. At the rate of eighteen double drinks from a 4/5 bottle,

your wife will have $9.00.

Eglin, Fla. 4. She will buy another bottle at $6.00 and lay the $3.00 profit

Dear Sirs: away.

I've enjoyed receiving the Eras that you've so faithfully sent. 5. At the end of ten years you will have died from ulcers, heart

It's like getting an extra letter from home each month. The trouble, hardening of the arteries, and a nervous wreck, which is

articles and fiction have been interesting and very helpful. the ultimate end of a drunkard.

We have services every Sunday and Tuesday on the base. Your wife will have plenty of money to give you a nice funeral,

They're very inspirational and so much like home. There are educate the children, and live respectably enough to attract a

few LDS girls in the service and even fewer here at Eglin, but decent mate, with whom she will live happy.

I've found a great interest about the Latterday Saints among my My prayers are that you all who are working to give us The nonMormon friends. The Era has been very helpful in explainImprovement Era will be blessed with good health and guidance

ing the gospel to them. along with the courage that it must take to labor the way you all

do.

Thank you again, May the Lord's choicest blessings be upon you all.

/s/ A/ 3 Jo Ann Schultz /s/ Fred Maxon

ALL LITTLE THINGS

By Lael W. Hill

Christmas is a candle flame Warm against the night, A jingle bell for joy to claim,

A ribbon of delight.

Christmas is a carol sung Across the crisping snow, A window wreathed, a stocking hung,

A sprig of mistletoe.

An angel spreading spunglass wings

Above a shining tree—

Christmas is all little things

Of great expectancy

1003 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA r r -

This year your gas company has brought the warmth of natural gas to many more homes in the area we serve. For this we are both

proud and thankful. And now, as the yule

approaches, all of us at Mountain Fuel Supply

Company wish you and yours a most joyous holiday season. We are proud to be a factor in

the development of this territory.

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY,0.

ft.

#11%- 4w

c the workaday world recede to a mere shadow in the presence "a family united in the singing of the ancient carols. What better way

COL true spirit of Christmas than in the jubilant strains of 4 Ye Faithful,"or the quiet reverence of "Silent Night."

BENEFICIAL LIFE Insurance Company David 0. McKay, Pres. Salt Lake City - Utah

Over a quarter billion life insurance in force